What gives Zombie the nerve , the sheer audacity , to keep moviegoers interested in material that ought to be sneered at with contempt ? Rarely has our need to dismiss an idea been replaced so thoroughly with a morbid desire to watch on in fascination .
It 's The Devil 's Rejects that 's easily the best picture of Zombie 's time in the director 's chair . If you liked The Devil 's Rejects back then , you 'll still love it just as much now .
I f ****** loved this .
The Devil 's Mercy : Housing crisis horror with typical clueless ones who never think to dial the cops , cancel their lease , or even summon a doctor for the weirdly ailing hubby , but with enough shockers to make you not think about moving any time soon .
It makes for one sicko spectacle .
A labor of love sheathed in the shabby clothes of hate .
Rob Zombie semble désormais posséder tous les attributs nécessaires pour en devenir l'un des artisans les plus importants de sa génération
Gut-bucket filmmaking at its most lurid-and most fascinating .
Interessante ao propor uma inversão de papéis entre algozes e vítimas , exibe uma segurança tal em sua narrativa que chega a surpreender que tenha sido dirigido pelo mesmo Zombie do péssimo filme original .
... it 's best to quote Captain Spaulding himself . `` You like blood ? Violence ? Freaks of nature ? '' Then you 're going to be satisfied by Rejects .
It 's an exceptionally well-done sophomore effort from a man who made one of the worst movies I 've ever seen . That 's a pretty decent accomplishment .
The look and feel of this film is a total nightmare , and some of the most effective American mood-making in years .
As the body count rises , The Devil 's Rejects tries hard to stay funny and nasty , but the effort shows ...
A damn fine '70s homage flick with a Western-horror touch that you wo n't find in many movies nowadays .
Disgustingly gruesome tale that people have been clambering for since the original `` Texas Chainsaw Massacre ''
A sickening , socially-irresponsible glorification of depraved and sadistic behavior ... The worst film of 2005 .
If you dig this sort of gross-out throwback to the horror movies of the '70s , by all means , accept `` The Devil 's Rejects . ''
In a disconcerting shift from campy horror to ultra-naturalistic violence , cinematic conventions gives way to depravity and cruelty of such intensity as to be beyond genre .
It 's an audacious piece of filmmaking , but after a while it grows exhausting to watch , particularly when it becomes clear that violence is going to lead to more violence without much story or conscience surfacing .
One of the best , most chilling slasher films ever !
Has its articulate moments but for the most part Rob Zombie 's grisly , nasty '' ` Devils Rejects '' is mostly just grisly -LRB- and nasty -RRB- .
The family that slays together ... stays together . If you like movies about redneck psycho serial killer families and do n't mind a LOT of profanity , this is for you .
one disorientingly demented trip through the terrain of 1970s outlaw grindhouse .
The film ups the stakes on armchair support of underdogs vs. the system , asking , `` NOW how much do you like them ? ''
Not for the faint of stomach and definitely wo n't appeal to everyone but it 's worth seeing if you like this sort of thing .
Lynyrd Skynyrds ` Freebird ' will never be the same again .
Much of its aesthetic is recycled , but Zombie uses such grabby devices as slow motion , freeze frames , and burned-out grainy film stock with such flair and intensity that it rachets the whole endeavor up an extra notch .
It 's like having excrement thrown in your face at a GG Allin concert .
-LSB- A -RSB- catalogue of loving references to lowlife gore films of the past ... all-encompassing sarcasm and general screw-you attitude lift -LRB- or sink -RRB- the movie to another level .
While nailing the style and look , Zombie proves that the substance of The Devil 's Rejects belongs in a film school course on 70 's horror .
Having had the misfortune of sitting through -LSB- House of 1000 Corpses -RSB- , I can say that the second film is quite an improvement , though no kind of masterpiece .
.
If there 's one consistent thematic lesson to be culled from `` The Devil 's Rejects '' it 's that we should embrace abhorrent and ruthless murderers as outlaw saints.lers .
We 're supposed to feel bad for these people , as they did n't do anything so horrible , just tortured , killed and dismembered a few dozen innocent people. , right ?
It 's not a perfect picture , but the overall effect is incredibly satisfying .
Indefensible on a moral level , Rob Zombie 's perversely watchable follow-up to his much-reviled cult hit House of 1000 Corpses is loaded with filmmaking energy .
The movie 's violence is used to explore the ties of family , both by blood and by bonds of personal history .
The results are for seasoned -- even hardened -- horror-movie fans only ; anyone else need not apply .
Casts light on what it is about the way we are that make wickedness so damnably attractive .
I have come close to walking out on four movies in my 18 years of reviewing . `` The Devil 's Rejects '' is one of them .
A hardcore horror film that will appall as much as entertain , The Devil 's Rejects is both impressive and repugnant .
It has to be the sickest , the most twisted , the most deranged movie so far this year . And I 'm giving it thumbs up because it 's very good at what it wants to be .
Rob Zombie has taken a form of filmmaking that was of questionable repute and elevated it by putting the pieces together better than most of the form 's original practitioners .
The year 's most viciously entertaining psycho-road - movie-revenge - 'n' - wreckage - romance .
A twisted cross between The Texas Chainsaw Massacre and Natural Born Killers , with some pseudo Bonnie and Clyde sentiments thrown in .
If Tarantino 's first film was an homage to '70s grindhouse horror films instead of Reservoir Dogs , he probably would have made this picture .
The only conceivable way this toxic heap could benefit mankind is if every print were melted down and had its celluloid content rendered into guitar picks .
Gore hounds will love it , this is the genre at the top of its game , but there 's not much here for the rest of us .
Yes , The Devil 's Rejects had me squirming in my seat and looking to darkened corners of the theater for respite from the on-screen violence , but so what ?
If that 's your cup of tea , more power to you . Personally , I 'm pretty sure I 've got a toilet to scrub which is sure a better use of my time than sitting through The Devil 's Rejects once again .
Despite the clichés and the profanity , there are some hilariously wicked moments .
Smells of expired milk , impacts like a deer hitting your car , and tastes of moldy pizza . I do n't think Rob Zombie would have it any other way .
Free from studio baggage and delays , Zombie has created the semi-sequel , The Devil 's Rejects , and he 's found a crackerjack vehicle for his particular brand of madness .
In a league of classic films that are legendary for how disconcerting they are .
Thirty years ago this would have been dismissed as drive-in fare and , frankly , it 's not much more than that today .
The movie turns quickly into a somewhat clumsily handled chase structure , with no clear point or end .
One of a handful of sequels that both improve on their sources and play perfectly as stand-alones .
If one is hip to the references -LRB- and , proudly or not , I am -RRB- , it 's amazing to see how precisely the metal-punk - turned-moviemaker Zombie channels the gleefully nihilistic tone and even the low-budget bleached-out quality of his disreputable inspirations .
Despite some giddy humor and a soundtrack of '70s Top-40 hits , this is ` entertainment ' for sociopaths , occasionally effective but impossible to recommend with a clear conscience .
The first 15 minutes and last half hour are terrific , and the stunningly violent middle part is only a partial waste .
A Reject Indeed . Zombie horror film unwatchable .
The Devil 's Rejects does n't just deserve to be rejected , but to be buried in a hole so dank that no one will discover it .
Zombie ... should n't be allowed to make any more horror movies until he learns the difference between what is horrifying and what is merely disgusting .
Hear this futile plea : Look in the mirror , Zombie . Show some class . Making people sick is no way to make a name for yourself . Even a fake name .
Zombie looks beyond the horror genre for influence and creates a film that does n't exactly shatter expectations but at least sidesteps them with some degree of verve .
Despite its nearly nonstop torrent of gore , The Devil 's Rejects is not really a horror film . It 's a compendium of tributes and references to horror films of the past .
... belongs to that perversely misogynistic subgenre of horror films that believes the only thing better than a nude woman is a dead nude woman .
This is a perfect B-movie , full of wicked dread .
The movie features some of the ugliest people and most disgusting behavior this side of I Spit on Your Grave .
Zombie does n't appear to have any other goals besides assaulting the viewer with gore and callousness .
Rob Zombie is improving as a filmmaker . Maybe someday he 'll outgrow his extended adolescence , too .
The longer The Devil 's Rejects drags on , the more obvious it becomes that Zombie has no ideas of his own and is simply riffing on what other people have done .
If The Sun allowed me to give a star rating of less than zero , this one would earn a minus-infinity . It is that stupid , that vile , that violent , that hateful , that disgusting , that dangerous .
If we 're supposed to hang out with these creeps in order , eventually , to like them , well , we do n't .
`` The Devil 's Rejects '' will repel many but will thrill the fans and the daring . I think Rob Zombie has an instant horror classic on his hands .
Rob Zombie proves he 's a filmmaker to be taken seriously -- or at least not to be considered a total joke -- but he still has n't figured out how to fashion something more than the sum of his enthusiasms .
Much better than the cinematic cesspool of substandard 70s horror remakes we 've been seeing lately .
Revives the gangrenous spectacle of its grindhouse models but lacks the moral compass and originality that can transmute even representations of sadistic cruelty into art .
That Wydell 's efforts to get even are so hypocritical raises questions about vengeance as a pop-cultural theme , in that the pay-off is so meaningless .
Replete with sordid visuals and bereft of redemptive values , The Devil 's Rejects is a rebuke to what 's become of genre filmmaking .
Certainly different from much of its modern cinematic brethren , if not necessarily a tasteful match for most audiences .
Robert Cummings -LRB- OK , trick or treaters , sorry ; it 's ROB ZOMBIE -RRB- has officially become the Jerry Springer of the horror movie set .
... For those who can stomach the violence , it is destined to become a classic .
There 's nothing worthwhile about a single moment of it , not even in a prurient , I-love-to-wallow-in-debauchery sort of way . It is simply rancid , unbathed , country-fried filth .
Better than the first one , and twice as nasty , the Rejects should get the approval of horror fans -- or else !
It 's the framework of an exploitation tribute Tarantino could love ... with a little polishing and a lot more backbone .
`` A bad film , but its badness has little to do with adjectives like sickening , repulsive , disgusting , etc. ''
A reprehensible and loathsome journey of excess ... any redeeming value is well hidden .
an exhilaratingly sick joke
One of the most unpleasant movies I 've ever seen . I respect it for that ... Makes Natural Born Killers look like Harry Potter .
Crass , vacuous exercise in grind-house stylistics .
A little of this will go a long way , and besides , who wants to see someone torturing Three 's Company 's Priscilla Barnes in a roach motel ?
For the right audience , this movie is the butt-kicking , dirt-talking , blood-spurting equivalent of beautiful music .
Irredeemable trash , plain and simple , gratuitously violent and sadistic and aimed at people who derive entertainment from watching other human beings suffer .
All told , it 's fair to say The Devil 's Rejects is one of the most disappointing films of the year thus far .
Horror-punk , outlaw entertainment , an exploitation pic with a '70s aesthetic and endless scenarios of white-trash unpleasantness ... -LSB- not for -RSB- Merchant-Ivory fans .
Beyond the sheer creativity of Zombie 's sick imagination , there 's little pleasure to be found in a movie of this nature .
It is possible to be repulsed by The Devil 's Rejects while acknowledging it as an effective , high-quality piece of work .
A kind of heedless zeal transforms its horrors . The movie is not merely disgusting , but has an attitude and a subversive sense of humor .
Horror fans will find what they 're looking for .
One nasty , brilliantly constructed scene after another .
There is no anchor to this madness . The authorities are just as psychotic and sadistic as the villains . Everyone on TV is a polyester buffoon .
This follow-up unwisely pretends to seriousness .
The salt-baked , smoke-cured dialogue makes up for a lot , especially as it 's delivered by such canny veterans as Lewis , Haig and Forsythe , who 's savoring his meaty caricature of a bent lawman .
It is grim , unrelenting and savage , and it is destined to become a genre classic . After seeing this one , you wo n't just lock your doors , you 'll nail planks over your windows .
While , to be fair , there 's no sense that Zombie finds creating carnage to be zippy fun , it 's also true that he 's made his victims more vapid than their antihero executioners .
While -LSB- the film -RSB- does contain a number of genuinely creepy moments ... Zombie bogs things down with a plethora of broadly-played , overly wacky supporting characters .
Offensively inhuman , uninspired and cruelly unoriginal .
The Devil 's Rejects is meanspirited , graphic , and bubbling over in ultra-realistic viscera , but it is n't without sociological merit .
I 'm all for horror fans having their go at the genre and paying respect to the classics - but affection does n't equal execution .
Like some gritty 70s cinema artifact that fell through a timewarp , -LSB- it -RSB- rings with the unholy dread of early Tobe Hooper ...
Lots of people are going to find it utterly abhorrent . Crazy drunken rednecks , however , will wear out their DVD copies .
I have a soft spot for movies that are this sick and twisted , and Rejects is the real thing
Zombie 's characters are , to put it mildly , undeveloped .
Every theater showing this film should be contractually obligated to smell bad . It 's a toxic little picture -- and also something of a masterpiece . See you in Hell .
By rubbing your nose in this hillbilly mayhem , Zombie all but dares you to acknowledge your liberal elitism .
Ca n't be classified as a good movie , but if you have a taste for this sort of thing and a strong stomach to go along with it , this could be the dish for you .
A gloriously wicked psychobilly thriller that unfolds like a crystal meth soaked drive-in movie nightmare .
In the genre of low-budget hillbilly slasher movies , it 's a masterpiece .
Zombie has made a film not so much out of reverence for the images that shaped his youth but out of fear that he may never get to make another one ever again .
Fans of 70 's exploitation horror get ready to get jazzed - `` The Devil 's Rejects '' is the real deal - a gritty , nasty , stylish piece of work
Appeals to our blood-lust but slapdash .
Pic is a brutal , punishing yet mordantly amusing work that far outpaces its predecessor in its grisly single-mindedness of vision .
Gets the cult midnight movie vibe down cold .
A wild , grittily authentic , nihilistic jaw-dropper of a film !
The Devil 's Rejects plays out like the kind of film everyone thought House was gon na be - a retrofied , nasty horror homage .
The kaleidoscopic fun-house atmosphere of Corpses is gone , replaced by a more gritty , less inventive approach .
Captures the visual texture , spontaneity , and mania of 1970s shock cinema classics like Last House on the Left and The Texas Chainsaw Massacre .
This is a violent , body-strewn road movie . And unless you 're a fan of this kind of camp viciousness , it 's pretty unbearable .







@highlight

Zombie has improved as a filmmaker since `` House of 1000 Corpses '' and will please fans of the genre , but beware -- the horror is nasty , relentless , and sadistic .