With all of its faults , The Last Station will satisfy even those only slightly familiar with the works of Leo Tolstoy and the time in which he lived
Mature Tolstoy biopic recounts his conflicted last days .
The Last Station is the kind of adult drama that I 'm just thankful is still being made . Therefore , I was ecstatic to also find it to be rather good .
full review at Movies for the Masses
Feels akin to using Tolstoy 's life to write a greeting card .
La película es un placer de principio a fin , no sólo por su valor testimonial y su estupenda reconstrucción de época , sino sobre todo por un notable elenco donde se lucen particularmente Helen Mirren y Christopher Plummer .
All of the performances are universally stellar , making this not unlike last year 's Doubt % u2014 a solid , if otherwise unremarkable film that provides a playground for performers of prodigious talents .
Plummer as the alleged Tolstoy in question , is a grumpy elder aristocrat presiding over a kinky retro-hippie spiritual commune , where worshipful 19th century Russian groupies of the carnal variety frolic free love style in the Eastern European wilderness .
A charming and compelling account of Tolstoy 's last year .
Despite its strong performances The Last Station is a bland and middle-of-the-road period film with faint literary pretensions .
This handsome , well-tuned adaptation of Jay Parini 's Tolstoy biography avoids being a dour subtitled slog by its strong casting , layered contrasts of love and duty , and admirable air of enthusiasm .
The acting is excellent by this very capable cast , and the story is interesting . The cinematography , by Sebastian Edschmid -LRB- Adam Resurrected -RRB- is also excellent . The outdoor scenes are lush and gorgeous .
Despite all the bitterness and skulduggery , The Last Station is surprisingly warm and spirited in tone .
In the end the film is quite moving , and the original home movie and newsreel footage we see over the end credits adds a potent touch to the drama we 've already seen .
Helen Mirren gives a scorching performance as Sophia : aggrieved , charming , seductive , furious , painted by the acolytes as hysterical , but also at times a woman with her own dignity .
The Last Station has got its charms , but it 's hard to take its big ideas too seriously , mostly because Hoffman 's pitch is a little too cute .
Impressively directed and finely acted , this film gives real insight into the life of a fascinating man .
A superb cast all at their best help breath life into this biographical story of the last chapter of writer and philosopher -LRB- and liberal leaning aristocrat -RRB- Leo Tolstoy
Intensely told and beautifully realised reality with its gorgeous settings and accurate depiction of the era .
Two love stories -- one at the end of Tolstoy 's turbulent 48-year marriage , the other at its beginning -- intersect at a rail station .
The Last Station is indeed well done , very moving , and informative , but it left me a little cold at the end . Perhaps I just felt frustrated at how little the world changes even when people with good ideas come along .
Literature lasts , but sometimes , The Last Station suggests , the ties that bind last , too .
Mirren and Plummer give lusty , full-blooded portraits of the Tolstoys ...
Delicately photographed , whimsically scored and patiently paced , Station does n't rely on flash and panache to make its points . But the points do come across elegantly .
Anyone hoping this loose dramatization of the final chapter in the life of Leo Tolstoy will primarily center on the Russian author will be sorely disappointed to see him frequently shunted off to the sidelines .
What should bubble is flat ; what should flash is dim ; what should be powerfully moving is sleepy .
Some critics have derided the central performances as scenery-chewing excess , but these Tolstoys are characters who demand histrionics , and Mirren and Plummer are magnificent in delivering on those demands .
while ... buttressed by two of the past year 's most entertaining performances ... the film as a whole is slightly underwhelming , in part because Tolstoy is simply too big a figure to fit into a two-hour drama .
Mirren is simply marvelous , giving an acting tour de force . Hoffman shows a meticulous touch for getting every detail just right .
Plummer 's portrayal deserves a more interesting showcase than this conventional production , aimed at those who value ` culture ' over art .
Much more accessible than you 'd expect from a movie about Leo Tolstoy , this is a film built around the performances of Helen Mirren and Christopher Plummer .
Mirren and Plummer together in The Last Station create their own cinematic event .
What 's most compelling is the way everyone loves the old man - wrong-headedly , yes , or too zealously . We feel sympathy for all these smaller trees clustered around a tottering oak .
The film brings up numerous issues and than does n't do a thing with any of them , and by the time everyone comes back together at the end the drama of this reunion packs no emotional wallop whatsoever .
I expected something handsome , highbrow and , sure , a little stuffy . Instead , Michael Hoffman 's movie bursts with life , humor and , frankly , a fair bit of sex .
The most riveting aspect of The Last Station could be its biggest fault -- the lack of generosity toward any of the parallel arcs by those within them -- but instead it plays out like a race : Who will get the last melancholy close-up ?
The Last Station is a moving , fictionalized account of a piece of real Russian history , a tour de force for an actor who 's in his prime in his 70s and 80s , and a real return to form for a director most at home in period pieces .
This period film combines comedy and emotion in a way that 's always entertaining , even if it sometimes feels camp and contrived .
An undercooked Sunday night TV drama with overcooked performances .
... a big budget production with excellent actors and technical elements that ca n't decide on its tone and so ends up with a lot of elbows sticking out .
Handsome , engrossing , frequently very funny for a literary bio drama , and ultimately deeply moving , with pitch-perfect performances from one and all .
Engaging performers all , but the movie 's superficial flummery is slightly exasperating when the true-life events would have provided an even richer palette of ideas .
Successfully provides the human angle on a remarkable historical individual - both insightful and charming .
A comforting , Sunday-night costume drama , with some epic performances .
This may , in fact , be an accurate portrayal , but it feels like a reduction , a trivialisation . Hoffman neuters the politics and panders to the worst impulses of the cast .
A stuffy non-starter of a prestige picture with more putative class than intelligence .
Hoffman injects as much wit , humour and pace into an essentially dry sequence of events as possible ... yet even the film 's ironclad performances ca n't save The Last Station from a distinct lack of action .
An accessible and entertaining film with complicated and compelling figures at its centre .
Helen Mirren has earned nominations galore for her OTT performance as Mrs Tolstoy , but she does n't get heat 's vote .
The main attraction is the tortured dynamic in Tolstoy 's marriage , and it 's played out with a vibrant pathos that 's equally funny and sad , making The Last Station an endearing , if not essential , destination .
More acting showcase than penetrating biopic , The Last Station does n't pack the clout of Tolstoy 's work but does find McAvoy and Mirren on fine form . Expect the latter to rack up an impressive awards-nod tally .
While Michael Hoffman 's direction is acceptable , it ultimately fails to pull the package together and lacks the inspiration his stars and his subject clearly have in spades .
Beautifully crafted , and sensationally well acted , it overflows with romance , heart and intelligence .
A movie you can admire but rarely enjoy .
If it was n't for their excellent acting , I do n't think I would have reached the end of The Last Station either .
It is a tribute to this handsome and finely detailed film that it brings to mind many modern parallels while still resonating as the tale of a brilliantly gifted but stubborn , selfish and unworldly man .
The film is full of rows between Lev and his stagily irate wife . She 's meant to be OTT - that 's not the problem - it 's the film itself that creaks .
Like Chekhov dumbed down for a tea-time serial .
A smart , beautifully acted drama and it is a total mystery why it has been so criminally overlooked in this year 's Bafta race .
Outside of the performances , The Last Station never really wows . Perhaps it 's the plodding pace ; perhaps it 's the fact that we do n't get to know Tolstoy himself as well as we 'd like .
A thespian tour de force if ever I saw one .
Always watchable , The Last Station benefits from a witty script and excellent performances from its mostly British cast .
Not all that much happens in Michael Hoffman 's The Last Station . But what does n't happen , happens beautifully .
Parental Content Review
While this historically based drama does feature some very good performances , as well as some astute observations about the nature of love , it is also a little too explicit in its depiction of sexual activities .
It 's rewarding for a film to render rarefied ideas so concretely , but The Last Station works best as a battle of wills between husband and wife .
This lavish costume drama is a frustrating affair ... but half of the time it is a very good film .
Big , bold performances make for lots of Tolstoy fun . As long as you do n't mind a little melodrama and everyone talking with British and Scottish accents .
The Last Station is n't quite as emotionally engaging as it ought to be but it 's worth seeing for its performances alone .
It 's played as a kind of domestic farce , with the more serious aspects being allowed to sneak up on you . The approach pays dividends at every turn .
It 's good to know that before texted break-ups and instant messaged secret exchanges sink any remaining sexiness out of our collective interpersonal back and forth , movies like `` The Last Station will live on in a redbox time capsule .
The Last Station is a tale of venerable conflict , deception , and love . It 's an age-old , old age power struggle . But it 's not just in the room down the hall of the retirement home ; it 's in Mother Russia .
Director and writer Michael Hoffman , adapting Jay Parini 's novel , lets the history play out , and this little-known chapter plays out nicely indeed .
A work of compassion , modulated mournfulness , and unchecked joy .
The troika of tones is an unrepentant muddle , akin to Uncle Vanya chatting it up with King Lear while Boris Badenov hunkers nearby , rubbing his hands in glee at the thought of finally foiling Moose and Squirrel .
It is the fierceness of the battles between Tolstoy and Sofya that communicates the deep connection they once shared , and still have .
Acted beautifully by a cast you never want to take your eyes off , so as not to miss a tiny nuance .
Filmmaker Hoffman 's high-flown excursion into Russian lit makes us believe once again in the power of personality .
If you come to this expecting the philosophical depth and psychological detail of Tolstoy 's work you 're sure to be disappointed , but as an actors ' romp it 's delectable .
Despite some dramatic implausibility and a misstep here and there , this is overall a very well told , well made historical romantic drama .
While its two major Oscar nominations may cause you to raise your expectations , the movie is basically an entertaining piece of fluff with a little drama thrown in every now and then .
Though the cast is fantastic , this wo n't be the definitive take of the Tolstoys ' marriage - but whose could ever be ?
Winds up feeling strangely perfunctory . This is subject matter that should fascinate , rather than deliver an occasional droll observation .
The lack of focus ultimately leaves too much of it as surface level when we really needed to get under the skin of Leo and Sofya Tolstoy in the way these great performers deserved .
A film that is , like Tolstoy himself , witty , moving and grand .
If the operatic emotional pitch ultimately proves unsustainable -LRB- not to mention tiresome -RRB- , the film is full of captivating details .
An actor can be 80 years old , but give him fake whiskers and a pair of heavy boots , and he 'll stomp through a two-hour movie like a happy kid .
When Mirren and Plummer are together , The Last Station lights up .
A fun , sexy romp about the last days of Leo Tolstoy ? Believe it .
Michael Hoffman 's adaptation of the Jay Parini novel is a most affecting look at the twilight of a marriage and how its parties adapt to the dawn of a new era .
The movie 's a chocolate box of nougaty performances , from Christopher Plummer 's delightful depiction of Tolstoy as a ribald old naïf to Paul Giamatti twirling his waxed mustache and playing to the gallery as Vladimir Chertkov ...
Tansforms Tolstoy 's waning days into material worthy of one of his tragedies while simultaneously making a biting statement about how the politics of a `` movement '' often warp the underlying philosophy which caused it to develop .
Mirren is both audaciously funny and heartbreaking .
Mirren and Plummer make Leo and Sofya Tolstoy more vital than you might expect in a historical picture .
A worthy dark horse in this year 's Oscar race , The Last Station is a terrific mix of pedigreed actors and material .
Despite its literary pedigree , this stagy production mixes ribaldry and campy overacting .
Is n't all that it should be , but whenever these two actors are onscreen , it 's like a great night at the theater .
The story 's a bit of a bore , but the cast is terrific .
Mirren brings a kind of feisty annoyance that transcends the rest of the material , which alternates between bland comedy and bland drama .
There 's a thematic purpose to the despair that eventually swallows the film , but Hoffman mismanages the pure energy , removing any desire to learn what happens to these characters by dragging events out to a point of collapse .
Michael Hoffman extracts the maximum benefit from a brief period of Leo Tolstoy 's last days in this comfortable and endearing drama .
`` The Last Station '' is the kind of dramatically bound historic material that could soar on Broadway with the cast , but not the script , of its film version .
This just in ! Christopher Plummer and Helen Mirren can act .
There 's room for both drama and fun in director Michael Hoffman 's staid script , but he does n't find much of either . And the key problem seems to be : not enough Tolstoy .
Just as you 're settled into thinking it 's going to be college-lit-class comedic throughout , the game changes and everybody puts on their serious faces for the final act .
Turning a fabulously operatic , thematically replete true-life tale into a frosted slice of dinner theatrics , The Last Station conveys nothing more convincingly than its own self-regard .
Helen Mirren outdoes even her Oscar-winning performance in The Queen .
A lovely quicksilver version of literary history , with the accent on young love that emerges unbidden , and old love that endures .
Little more than a gilded trifle , though it offers its share of light enjoyments .
Plummer and Mirren find theatrical sparks ; they enliven Hoffman 's thesis about Tolstoy 's beliefs and his contradictory , actual love life .
Plummer is just fantastic overall , and easily the best reason to sit through the film 's two-hour running time .
The script falls a little flat but all those hordes of Leo Tolstoy fans out there will have a hoot .
The movie has its evocative moments , but it 's so rigged on the side of anti-intellectualism that you 'd never guess that Tolstoy 's late work inspired Gandhi and Martin Luther King .
Both stars holler histrionics to the hilt , but nowhere is any literary effort , much less genius , on display in ` The Last Station . '
Notable primarily as a platform for a thespian tour de force by Plummer and Mirren , and they 're not to be missed .
One of the ten best films of 2009
It just feel like a lifeless costume drama .
If you never read Tolstoy , this film guarantees you will not be tempted .
Sergei Yevtushenko 's -LRB- `` Russian Ark '' -RRB- score acts as the film 's barometer - surprisingly playful well into the film , watch out when it becomes dramatically cliched ... Mirren is a delight
Coping with the consequences of celebrity is the premise of this intriguing art-house melodrama that brings Russian history to life .
... Tolstoy seems half-monk and half-clown , a seeming contradiction translated with extraordinary clarity by Plummer .
The arrival of a movie with as much intelligence and artistry as The Last Station should also be accompanied by the sound of trumpets .
It 's the most emotionally naked work of Mirren 's movie career ; she gives poetic form to the madness and the violence of commonplace jealousy .
A glimpse into the last year in Tolstoy 's life and a provocative depiction of the different shades of love in the lives of some creative people .
Though all the actors try to expand their underwritten roles , Mirren is most successful .
Literate , pleasant , vaguely arty , good enough .
The kind of movie that gives literature a bad name . Not because it undermines the dignity of a great writer and his work , but because it is so self-consciously eager to flaunt its own gravity and good taste .
Mirren gives a forceful performance , showing the depths of Sofya 's feeling toward her husband as well as her fury as Chertkov and others come between them . -LRB- Mirren has called Sofya one of her `` great roles . '' -RRB-
The Last Station slides gracefully between comedy and pathos -LRB- it aims for tragedy , but does n't quite get there -RRB- .
For those who enjoy actors who can play it up without ever overplaying their hands , The Last Station is the destination of choice .
Helen Mirren is a lusty , roaring wonder playing , of all things , the long-suffering wife of Russian novelist Leo Tolstoy -LRB- Christopher Plummer in peak form -RRB- .
Every second Helen Mirren is on-screen in The Last Station is a study in peerless talent .
a difficult film to parse out and to appreciate .
Struggles to make these remote characters truly come alive and never quite locates an interesting window into the personal life of an artist
The message is clear , if you did n't get it from the rich acting : This is a film to celebrate nature and life .
Based on the equally entertaining , erudite novel by Jay Parini and adapted and directed by Michael Hoffman , the movie is at once a hot marital showdown and a cool political debate , a domestic War and Peace .
This workmanlike adaptation of Jay Parini 's novel about Tolstoy 's last days , adapted and directed by Michael Hoffman , settles into a lushly scenic television drama , though with dialogue strangely located somewhere in the 1950s .
Michael Hoffman 's biopic of Leo Tolstoy 's final year filters its historical drama through a turgid coming-of-age experience .
Helen Mirren 's stunning performance centers this story of Tolstoy 's last year , equally about love and politics .
Drawing on Jay Parini 's novel of the same name , Hoffman 's film is potentially rich in dramatic situation , but it squanders these possibilities by making them dependant on the director 's underimagined central quartet .
The unknown story about famed author Leo Tolstoy and his wife is intriguing , and the cast , Christopher Plummer and Helen Mirren is impressive , but the film lacks dramatic momentum , visual distinction , and compelling tone , which changes from scene to scene
Why tackle a subject as legendary as Tolstoy if you 're just going to turn him into a doddering coot ?

@highlight

Michael Hoffman 's script does n't quite live up to its famous subject , but this Tolstoy biopic benefits from a spellbinding tour de force performance by Helen Mirren .