The director 's enthusiasm for the medium can not be underestimated : warplanes loom from the screen , machineguns splatter in your face , and spectacular flaming flyovers over the Volga abound .
The film establishes itself as a work of national pride wrapped in the form of a heritage spectacle .
Fedor Bondarchuk 's bloody battle epic celebrates the excesses of war cinema far more effectively than it does the heroism of his countrymen .
It 's exciting to see post-communism Russian cinema patriotically revisiting its own history like this . I did n't mind the clichés , because part of Stalingrad 's 131-minute charm is that in some ways it feels 40 years old .
Stalingrad is far from a perfect war film , but it does add up to an overall gratifying visual experience .
while the narrative encourages a sense of philosophical reflection about the horrors of war , the film 's video-game-inspired look constantly puts us at a distance by overly aestheticizing the violence with extreme slow motion and bullet time effects
Stalingrad is a film that is completely lacking in substance , not only on the basic storytelling level , but also on the human level .
The film is n't as concerned with history as it is with elaborate combat sequences featuring slow-motion bullets and bloodshed more befitting a video game .
Sprawling , ultra-violent , carefully plotted , masterfully constructed Russian epic .
Stalingrad embraces technology to tell this bloody tale , but also paints a proud , nationalistic portrait of the terrible sacrifices made by civilians and soldiers .
There is n't enough humanity under the grime and bullets to fully sustain our interest .
Its story is captivating , punctuated with performances that are moving and mesmerizing . Its action is shattering and sensational . Stalingrad is spectacular .
The technical skill in making the battle scenes so convincing , for me , is the real draw to see the new `` Stalingrad . ''
Too often does -LSB- Bondarchuk -RSB- goad his characters to brim over with righteous bloodlust-and , despite the occasional obligatory misgiving about the barbarism of war , goads the audience to lust right along with them .
If you thought Saving Private Ryan needed to be more like 300 , then Stalingrad is the movie for you .
IMAX 3D effort is war as death metal concert with HD visuals . Pretty spectacular , even if everything else is mediocre .
The set design and the effects are genuinely impressive , and even the least nuanced scenes are not without their mushy charms .
Overall , Stalingrad is a bizarre concoction , part Putin-era patriotic chest-thumping and part creaky war melodrama , all set in a superbly recreated ruined city .
`` Stalingrad '' is very impressive in IMAX and 3-D , placing us smack in the middle of a war-like environment . From that standpoint , the film succeeds .
Melodramatic but often visually striking , One of the best uses of 3D in film since AVATAR .
Stalingrad is long and operatic , but its message is simple enough : War is hell , but hell , it makes for good cinema .
To wave a flag , sing a song and celebrate it as the uncomplicated and inevitable victory of good over evil is the sort of easy message only an old propagandist - or a president for life - could really cheer .
I 'd recommend it just for the window it provides into popular entertainment on the other side of the world .
Patriotism , pride , and fireworks trump psychological character development , and that 's not a bad thing .
Much of it feels like ` Nation 's Pride , ' the Nazi propaganda pastiche screened during the climax of ` Inglourious Basterds . '
Stalingrad largely succeeds in sensory terms but does n't fare so well in dramatic ones .
A film that seeks to memorialize by blunt force .
Though plenty of road-tested war truths about sacrifice , honor , grit and intimacy get trotted out , `` Stalingrad '' is deep down a spectacle campaign forged in operatic violence and a siege of the senses , and on those terms it has its moments .
-LSB- Bondarchuk 's -RSB- hand tends to feel heavy , especially when he 's celebrating young love in wartime -LRB- shades of - ugh - `` Pearl Harbor '' -RRB- , but the actors sometimes work wonders .
Stalingrad tries so hard to be epic that it frequently gets confused and bogged down with peripheral characters .
If the director and his screenwriters had concocted a scenario to equal their grasp of military calamity , they could have created a classic .
Russian director Fedor Bondarchuk 's treatment of the World War II turning point is shallow and contrived , if sometimes impressively staged . The movie wins points , however , for sheer wackiness .
It 's hardly the contemporary answer to `` Battleship Potemkin , '' but the World War II drama `` Stalingrad '' does hold the distinction of being the biggest box-office success in Russian cinema history .
What begins as a hellish depiction of war begins to turn into `` 3 Godfathers . ''
Stalingrad is a battle , all right . But it 's one that the audience loses .
These are larger-than-life war heroes-eight stories larger , as IMAX will boast-and Stalingrad enshrines them like figures in a 3-D diorama , which may be more dynamic than bronze , but no less tacky .
Stalingrad wages a hard-fought battle to win over viewers , and while success is achieved , it could have done without some of the heavier romantic overtones .
After a devastating opening , the movie gets sluggish here and there , but it remains interesting throughout , not just culturally , but as a piece of drama .
If you 're going to make a movie about the bloodiest battle in human history , perhaps there 's no place for subtlety . `` Stalingrad '' goes for big explosions and bigger theatrics , and it works .
There 's just one problem : The story .
At the very least , the bigness of the movie is diverting , showing the world that Russia can create just as much noise at the multiplex as its competition .
While it fails as a history lesson , it scores in bringing home the emotional impact of the event , which might explain why this shattered box office records for a Russian movie .
Though the performances are n't bad at all , everyone is playing one-note stereotypes in this cat-and-mouse game as Bondarchuk marks time for an impressively staged climax with lots of pyrotechnics .
Yes , the film is gorgeous - assuming you want to see rubble and soot and frostbite rendered as eye candy .
The only problem is that the film , while certainly impressive in its effects and a few rock - 'em sock - 'em battle scenes , is sorely lacking in crucial areas , namely characterization and narrative .
At first , the idea seems ingenious , but inevitably , complexity is sacrificed : The Russians are either jokey-brave or sincere-brave , while a vicious German colonel , usually seen eating or yelling , is your typical pig .
On the most basic level , Stalingrad is a simple war picture , straightforward in its brutality . But there 's another movie nestled inside , a more complex , somber one . And that one needs no special 3D effects .
-LSB- Stalingrad -RSB- is big , loud and full of explosions . It 's also awash in stereotypes , and lacks any characterization more than a millimeter thick .
Its astute use of a modern deep-focus , 3D idiom creates the engrossing immediacy of a large-scale disaster film .
Big . Intimate . And melodramatic , in many oh so Soviet -LRB- um , Russian -RRB- ways .
The chance to experience flame-engulfed soldiers charging at you in 3D does n't seem like the best reason to transform one of the bloodiest battles of the Second World War into a special effects-enhanced blockbuster , but here 's a film that does it anyway .
Stalingrad is certainly watchable in its overwrought bombast , but it 's less a film than a $ 30m ideological monument .
Its blind reverence toward the Russian mythos is so grandiose that it becomes impossible to rescue it from self-importance , and as such President Putin would likely give it two big thumbs up .
Bondarchuk does n't skimp on the widescreen spectacle . At its best , Stalingrad has a visual dynamism and full-blooded quality reminiscent of the best work of Sergio Leone .
Far from being a worthy historical document , this is a really affecting human interest war film .
The direction 's so crude , and actress Yana Studilina so 24/7 pouty , that you 'll be more tempted to laugh than cry .
The macho showmanship of director Fyodor Bondarchuk , wedded to such a facile script , turns this undeniably impressive megaproduction into a behemoth you mainly want to cower from .
The massive scale of this film kind of distracts us from the more subtle plotting , obliterating any emotional connection with the thinly written characters . But it looks terrific .
Russia 's first 3D IMAX spectacle is visually intense - it 's set during ` bloodiest battle in human history , ' after all - but I never warmed to a story meant to be about human resilience .
Those few scenes not choked with self-importance instead succumb to a greyly macho fug of war .
It 's a B-picture with pretensions , made to seem all the frailer by the yahooing size and stereoscopy of a screen process impatient to get to the next apocalypse .
War . What is it good for ? IMAX 3D movies that wallow in the spectacle of horrific real-life battles , judging by Stalingrad .
Utter crassness and inhuman awe coalesce in Fedor Bondarchuk 's 3D take on the bloodiest battle in modern history .
An engaging war thriller with spectacular special effects , exciting action sequences and strong performances , though the story-telling is a little heavy-handed in places and the characters are frustratingly under-developed .
-LSB- A -RSB- hyper-realistic blockbuster , the first Russian film to be made for an IMAX audience and also shot in 3D .
A flawed production , certainly , but the ambition is to be admired as it 's a bold piece of filmmaking , and given it feels so grand in scope .
Protechnically impressive , but something important is missing : tension , originality and memorable characters .
Play Call Of Duty instead .
A solid enough war flick , but Spielberg does n't have too much to worry about yet .
The 3D effects of explosions and plane crashes are plentiful and impressive ; the one-dimensional storytelling and stiff subtitles , rather less so .
If you 're familiar with the historical specifics , Stalingrad is a reasonably engrossing war drama in the style of Days of Glory , well-played and with moments of vivid patriotic spectacle that look like an army recruiting poster come to life .

@highlight

There 's no arguing with its impressive production values , but Stalingrad should have devoted more attention to the screenplay and spent less on special effects-enhanced spectacle .