An important movie with a lot of deep themes and spearpoint for the new Mexican sci-fi . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
full of plausible evolutions of current technology with a believable if not pleasant feel for how these changes will fit into our world .
what you 'll be left with after seeing Sleep Dealer is not a collection of cool scenes so much as a collection of compelling questions about where our world is headed
Made on the cheap compared to Hollywood flicks , this thrillingly original and heartfelt Mexican film is a truly human story about the impact of technology on individuals and on society .
This Sundance hit takes the `` jacking in '' premise we 've seen in everything from Neuromancer to eXistenZ and looks at it from the point of view of third world migrant workers .
Sleep Dealer is reminiscent of a Philip K. Dick dystopia that might actually read better than it looks here , with average acting , slightly incoherent plotting and cheap special effects .
Sleep Dealer is flawed , but still vibrant and inventive . Whether he finds larger budgets or keeps doing movie like this , Rivera is definitely a filmmaker to follow .
I 'm glad to have science fiction back in the forefront in 2009 but that does n't mean they 're all going to work . Consider Sleep Dealer a near-miss .
Alex Rivera 's overstuffed but intriguing feature debut , Sleep Dealer , takes a speculative leap into Tijuana 's near future , imagining the next evolution of cheap labor .
Clearly , Rivera knows one of the great gifts of the sci-fi genre . An uncanny world invites new ways of seeing . It offers new chances to ask the hard -- and too often , hardened -- questions .
The combination of rusty amateurism , future technology , and clear-and-present politics creates a trippy time-space kick : This dusty little movie feels like yesterday , today , and tomorrow .
Writer-director Alex Rivera crafts a smart , lean and engaging science fiction opus that proves you only need a little money if you have a lot of ideas .
Adventurous , ambitious and ingeniously futuristic , Sleep Dealer is a welcome surprise .
Sleep Dealer is an unusually thoughtful science fiction film , using the speculative energy of the genre to explore some troubling and complex contemporary issues .
Occasionally shaky effects are the biggest drawback in a mostly smart sci-fi cautionary tale .
A jumbled vision ... too many predictable lines like , ` Sometimes you control the machine , and sometimes the machine controls you . '
This inventive indie sci-fi movie has plenty of big ideas to make up for its small budget .
Modest sci-fi entry out of Mexico % u2013 about the ultimate offshore labor force - shows impressive vision but lacks the story to keep it going .
Sleep Dealer should have something striking to say about what the future looks like according to the third-world workers that are building it at their own expense but it has nothing memorable nor particularly coherent to offer .
Culminates in an unconvincing finale whose hopefulness seems not only fanciful but , when viewed on the story 's own terms , woefully short-sighted .
From the imperialist villains and their humanitarian abuses to the laborers dying on their feet , what 's so clever about tricking out this worn-out tale of woe into a genre flick ?
Demonstrates the difficulties that result from leaving home to find work , but in classic B-movie fashion it has a lot of fun with it too :
It 's a good story and is well-acted and nicely shot , but its pace is disappointingly plodding .
A sci-fi production that skewers globalization challenges the intellect but fails to stir the emotions , a victim of an inadequate budget .
`` Sleep Dealer '' is a refreshingly atmospheric low budget sci-fi thriller in the vein of Kathryn Bigelow 's `` Strange Days , '' that shows great promise for director/co-writer Alex Rivera .
-LSB- This -RSB- lo-fi sci-fi debut is jam-packed with sly satirical gestures that more than compensate for its more-traditional shortcomings .
A layer of special effects , impressively done on low budget , and vague ideas about military control and corporate greed , camouflage a naive , simplistic tale about fathers and sons and attachment to the land .
Despite some clever virtual-reality concepts and projections about the next frontier of globalization , Alex Rivera 's ambitious directing debut lacks the vision , or the budget , to pull off its fusion of sci-fi and aspirational saga .
The freshness and ingenuity of this techno-thriller should spark a cult following .





@highlight

Sleep Dealer 's depth and energy are almost enough to overcome a shaky screenplay and pedestrian acting .