It 's coolly comforting to recall how the innocence that lay shattered in the wake of World War II was n't America 's alone - just as it 's heartening to rediscover the improbable beauty within the bleak scenario of A Man Escaped .
Robert Bresson 's story of an imprisoned and condemned French Resistance fighter who plans an escape with his teenage cellmate is one of the great classics of European art cinema .
Not just the greatest prison escape film ever made , it is one of the greatest films of any kind ever made . And the coolest thing is , Bresson would get even better .
Coming from a director renowned as spartanly anti-dramatic , the film 's escape is almost preternaturally gripping .
It is Bresson 's unadorned , almost ascetic style that lifts the tale beyond a genre piece .
A Man Escaped masterfully constructs the spaces -- physical and mental -- inhabited by Lt. Fontaine -LRB- played in a low-key register by an untrained actor , François Leterrier -RRB- .
One of Bresson 's most sublime and understated films , in a career that consists of a series of meditational masterpieces that minutely and compassionately examine the human condition .
Bresson 's masterpiece is still a pinnacle in French cinema .
The prisoner 's lonely ardor is enhanced by Mozart 's Mass in C Minor ; the ending of the movie , as the music wells up , is pure elation .
The best of all prison-escape movies , it reconstructs the very notion of freedom through offscreen sounds and defines salvation in terms of painstakingly patient and meticulous effort .
Bresson outdoes nearly every escape film you 've ever seen , using little more than the face of Francois Leterrier and elemental off-screen sound .
Even the title dispenses with unnecessary frills : A man escaped . What more do you need to know ?
A Man Escaped seems to be one of the few Bresson films that both his fans and detractors can agree on .
Watching a film like A Man Escaped `` is like a lesson in the cinema . It teaches by demonstration all the sorts of things that are not necessary in a movie . By implication , it suggests most of the things we 're accustomed to are superfluous .
If it 's not as emotionally haunting as Au Hasard Balthazar or Mouchette , it remains a powerful , compelling portrait of discipline , and humanity .
A Man Escaped offers newcomers to Bresson perhaps the most accessible point of entry into the work of this brilliant , challenging , God-haunted artist .
It 's a wonder that so stark and minimal a film can create such potent feelings , images and moments that linger so persistently , divine intimations that seem so inescapable .
The best POW film ever .
This is not the sort of picture that one should view without knowing what it is . The strain is hard and the reward is limited . But it is a fine reflection of a cruel experience .
The kind of film which inspires awe , even in an atheist .
Masterpiece - and strikingly original .
A hero for all time .
It takes a hell of a film to maintain a high level of suspense even when it gives away the ending in its very title . Robert Bresson 's A Man Escaped is one such film
A deeply humanistic proclamation of the power of faith .
Directed with minimal fuss , it 's nevertheless a packed film that reflects on trust , fate and freedom , all effectively communicated by a compelling Leterrier .
Regarded as one of the director 's best and most personal .
This film manages to look at an episode in one man 's life without it being overshadowed by either the mechanics of filmmaking or the machinations of politics .
One of the most important films from a cinema giant .
It 's so good that I submit that just about anyone -- even people who hate French films -- will love it .




@highlight

A Man Escaped is blockbuster Bresson , a well-acted POW drama that builds with subtle , seat-gripping tension .