To be brief : there is nothing wrong with The Book of Henry that a good script could not fix .
Like a drunk clown at a children 's party , this is the kind of movie you watch mouth agape . You just know the foolhardy juggling act it is attempting - a mix of precocious-kid comedy , crime thriller and weepie - is going to end in disaster .
A movie this crazy should be spellbinding , but as it is , The Book of Henry is just baffling . It 's fun , but not fun ; it 's forgettable , but unforgettable .
It is breathtaking in its stupidity . And it keeps The Book of Henry from becoming the one thing that could have saved Colin Trevorrow : a true trash classic .
The Book Of Henry feels like a piss-poor beach read , rather than something worth reading into .
A sentimental , misguided , confused and jumbled mess of a movie . A horrid mix of genres that never adds up .
The Book Of Henry turns out to be odder than odd and heading somewhere that is borderline ridiculous .
All films require the suspension of disbelief , but `` The Book of Henry '' asks too much of its audience .
It 's easy to hang on the wild gyrations of its plot , but even without that , this would be supremely bad movie .
Working from a screenplay by Gregg Hurwitz , Trevorrow fails to wring much emotion out of the story 's soap-operatic elements .
The Book of Henry might be brimming with talent , but in the end it 's probably better left unread .
Colin Trevorrow goes for the easy tears , which is too bad , in this case . Nothing about a story like this should feel easy .
With a plot far too dark for kids , and an approach that 's often too mild to satisfy adults , the result is a film as uneven as the Rocky Mountain foothills .
The Book of Henry had promising elements within its opening act that were quickly dismantled once that event occurred . The film then free falls into a genre-bending mess where it does not know what film it wants to become .
`` Sometimes a good story will remind you of who you want to be , '' says Henry . Someone watching a different movie ?
The film 's mashing of whimsy and skin-crawling terror is grating and seem to cynically milk tragedy for entertainment .
A nervy , willfully preposterous study of motherhood and loss , `` The Book of Henry '' recklessly shifts between tones and genres , never predictably but rarely satisfyingly .
It 's a well-meaning tonal mess , but respect to Watts . She never stops trying , even when playing violent video games with gusto for reasons nobody will ever work out .
I 'd rather watch a film that 's trying to be a heart-warming tale , mawkish drama and generic cat-and-mouse thriller all at the same time than any of those things individually .
The plot combines child cancer death and pre-teen sexual abuse with such syrupy superficiality that it makes your teeth hurt .
Gregg Hurwitz 's script takes so many difficult turns that these themes get lost . This leaves the film 's final act feeling like a contrived mixture of pushy sentimentality and unconvincing violence .
It 's been quite a while since I 've seen a movie as staggeringly awful as The Book of Henry .
Trust us when we say from here it only gets more contrived , mawkish , implausible , a little bit offensive and occasionally so ludicrous it 's funny .
This shift in genre is an ambitious gamble , and I do n't think it plays out successfully .
The Book of Henry is like no other movie they have ever seen in their lives ; A fascinating execution that must be seen on the big screen . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Manipulative ? Maybe a little - but is n't that a film 's job ? To make us feel ? This certainly does that .
Trevorrow ... throws everything together into a sugary concoction that 's about as appetising as the peanut butter and breakfast cereal sandwiches Naomi Watts ' character makes for her kids .
The film is well acted and good looking but it is ultimately badly misjudged .
It 's a toss-up between Kleenex and the sick bag at first , but later on the plot veers into improbably stupid territory and it 's best just to bail out altogether .
The Book of Henry means well , but it does n't do well .
Think of The Book of Henry as a broken Rube Goldberg machine -- all the cutesy steampunk doo-dads are for naught without proper planning to make it function .
Whatever it thinks it is , it 's a whole lot less than sensible , and several planets away from , you know , good .
The Book Of Henry is a very bizarre affair , stuck in treacherous waters between kids ' movie , terminal illness melodrama and hardboiled film noir .
This nightmarish spectacle boasts about its principles ... Trevorrow , Hurwitz , and Focus Features serve up this sadistic pabulum as if they were seriously addressing human issues .
Imitation Spielberg , too sweet to be a thriller and too maudlin to be anything more than a misguided kid-flick placeholder in the career of the guy who is making the next Star Wars entry .
An overstuffed , genre-leaping monstrosity that has great ambition and very little taste , most of it p -- poor .
Wow is The Book of Henry a shining , multifaceted disaster .
Hurwitz probably had the idea of an `` emotional roller coaster '' in his head as he wrote this ... -LSB- T -RSB- he roller coaster somehow gives us whiplash on the first hill .
The Book of Henry is almost beguiling in its awfulness , it 's compelling . This is not a bad film because nothing happens , it 's a bad film because too many things do .
Trevorrow makes it cohere , painting an unusual story into something by turns heartfelt and thrilling .
Muddled dramedy deals with dark , disturbing topics .
What ... was that ?
The Book of Henry is phenomenal . To rate it as anything other than 10/10 would be to ignore its transcendence of the good/bad movie binary . It is a perfect example of what it is . Go see it with your whole family immediately .
An almost astonishingly misguided endeavor ...
A tragic and manipulative mid-point twist dials the schmaltz up to 11 in a film that manages to be both unbearable and strangely fascinating .
Complete misfire does n't know what it wants to be : inspiring family drama or revenge thriller and comes up short on both counts despite an excellent cast wasted here .
I was swept up in the emotional realism of it all with nothing but grounded performances from the whole cast .
Despite superb performances , it 's confounding - a misguided mess !
Just who is this film for ? It 's too childish for adults and too adult for kids . More than that , it 's too stupid and ridiculous for anyone with a half a brain . Do n't judge this `` Book '' by its cover ; judge it by the glaringly empty pages inside .
The Book of Henry is more P.S. I Love You than 13 Reasons Why .
At last , after The Lovely Bones and Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close , we receive the third part in a reprehensible triple feature of revoltingly smarmy and overstylized tragedies about precocious children and grief .
If there 's an upside to The Book of Henry it 's that you 're so stunned by how badly it falls apart that you 're left somewhat entertained .
The Book of Henry is certainly not spineless , but neither is it a real page-turner .
Henry is both naturalistic and unabashedly fantastic .
One of the more unusual feel-good tales of self-discovery and familial empowerment to ever see the light of day .
Its biggest problem becomes a total lack of common sense , even in the hands of director Colin Trevorrow .
There are a lot of things to like about `` The Book of Henry , '' but none of them are enough to offset a bizarre plot twist that tries to turn a tender drama into an action suspense film .
However hard the talented cast may try , those are n't people up on the screen ; they 're candles , balloons , and marbles .
The Book of Henry is such a good bad movie because all involved really want to do something meaningful but have n't really thought about how to guide the audience to that point . It 's a movie that wants to dance but settles for flailing .
Such a mushy , misguided disaster that even its irrelevant subplots are inexplicable .
The Book of Henry is a hair away from being in league with the most ludicrous Lifetime original movies , but its cast , slick production and Trevorrow 's willingness to take risks make it an oddball chunk of entertainment .
I did n't believe a single moment of The Book of Henry . Despite the best efforts of the cast , I laughed when I was supposed to cry and resented the hell out of the film 's force fed `` life lessons . '' It 's just a good old fashioned stinker .
The rest of the plot unwinds in true Rube Goldberg fashion : Some detailed machinations , a few moments of wonder , and a dramatic thunk that leads to something altogether surprising .
It may all be too much to fully succeed or convince some people , but when The Book of Henry is on its audacious game , there 's more than enough to appreciate .
If the setup is familiar -LRB- Gregg Hurwitz 's script owes an enormous debt to Alfred Hitchcock 's Rear Window -RRB- , there are enough quirks in the tale to prevent viewers from feeling that they 've gotten ahead of the boy genius .
The whole thing is boring and phony , with just a couple of lines of dialogue that feel sharp .
The Book of Henry awkwardly mashes together compelling individual elements , giving rise to a jarring and otherwise confounding viewing experience .
Even in this mess of conflicting ideas , you still get a sense of the childlike wonder that drives Treverrow to tell stories . It 's a rare gift , and something to help him survive calamitous setbacks like this one .
The narrative and tonal gambit the film takes could have been breathtaking if executed successfully , but it only hints at genuine depth in fleeting instances .
Every book needs an editor .
A mixed bag that starts off strong but ends up too preposterous to believe . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Profanity , etc. - also Available -RRB-
Cancer kids and schoolgirl sex abuse are n't usually thought to be the stuff of mirth , and yet some people sitting behind me at a screening of this were barking like seals .
I began to wonder if Hurwitz and Trevorrow had ever met any children .
Crosses the line from syrupy to smarmy , and where it wanted to be endearing , it was annoying , and then infuriating .
The Book of Henry is the equivalent of eating a cake baked with salt instead of sugar , or listening to a Beatles song where the lyrics are in Esperanto .
Grotesquely phony and manipulative ...
What Trevorrow and screenwriter Gregg Hurwitz have created is just a feature-length put-on that flirts queasily with fascism .
It 's a high-stakes gamble that does n't quite pay off , and at times courts disaster , but it 's fascinating to watch the movie go there .
Surely screenwriter Gregg Hurwitz could have come up with a different way to achieve the same results , one which did n't malign the lovely character he 's created .
An overwrought , tonally inconsistent drama about cancer , death , and child abuse .
A weepie , a thriller , a tragedy , a sub-Spielbergian pastiche , `` The Book of Henry '' is mostly a tedious mess .
It 's a darker , far less conventional story with a few plot turns that confound expectations . It 's also well-acted , suspenseful and ultimately satisfying .
The Book of Henry , for all its minor missteps , is probably worth more than a glance .
Preposterous genre stew with wacky plot spasms and underdeveloped characters populating a family yarn of sorts about an 11-year-old genius ' mother-driven vengeance plan .
The Book Of Henry positively drips with the unthinking cruelty and boneheaded story choices .
The Book of Henry is a rare movie mix : A heart-tugging family drama that is also a thriller . Thanks to director Colin Trevorrow and writer Gregg Hurwitz , the two genres successfully co-exist to create a memorable and moving film experience .
It 's bad the way `` The Cobbler '' and `` Labor Day '' are bad .
`` The Book of Henry '' launches itself into cloud cuckooland and never returns to Earth .
In the end , `` The Book of Henry '' falls apart in a heap of loose pages , each one taken from a different script .
It 's difficult to recall a film soaring so high , only to crash beneath the weight of its own narrative and thematic blunders .
`` THE BOOK OF HENRY , in 100 minutes , covers terminal illness in children , and sexual abuse , probably the two most troubling things you could ever make a movie about short of genocide , but plays it for whimsy . FOR WHIMSY . ''
A movie I found irresistible precisely because it is so confounding .
A bafflingly inept attempt to combine Wes Anderson whimsy and Nicholas Sparks melodrama , with a singularly tone deaf tastelessness .
It does not suffice to call The Book of Henry bad ; it 's nonfunctional , so poorly conceived from the ground up as to slip out of the grasp of the usual standards one applies to narrative film .
Sometimes a movie comes along to remind us that Hollywood has n't run out of ideas - even if they 're crass , baffling , and ludicrous ones .
The Book of Henry is the most misguided film since the 2003 Gary Oldman abomination Tiptoes .
The Book of Henry is not worth going out of your way to see . You 're not missing anything .
Though it 's likely to divide viewers pro and con , the fact that it attempts to do something different , defying easy categorization in the process , itself makes it worth seeing despite its flaws .
The Book of Henry offers a despicable child hero , a ludicrous plot , and a cast of characters carved with all the delicacy of a chainsaw on a butter sculpture .
The Book Of Henry is an unmitigated stinker from Colin Trevorrow that should be avoided at all costs .
The Book of Henry has a lot of compelling individual scenes , but they never come together as a satisfying whole .
All of the good intentions do n't add up to much .
Trevarrow welcomes any chance for manipulation , making as candy-coated a feature as possible , avoiding realism and characterization to focus almost solely on cloying storytelling .
It 's like blending Capri Sun with absinthe .
Entertaining , the movie equivalent of a summer read -- a manipulative , over-reaching page-turner that 'll be long forgotten by summer 's end .
Viewers are either going to go with it , or they wo n't . It worked for me , most of the time , aided by an ensemble of wonderful performances that make the unbelievable suddenly plausible .
The movie dances along the edge of incredulity and bad taste before pulling back from the abyss in a way that feels even more mawkish and calculated .
Those of us who 've allowed ourselves to care about the latest Star Wars trilogy may be made fearful about the prospect of an Episode IX directed by Trevorrow .
This movie will stop at nothing to play on your heartstrings . Nothing . Absolutely nothing .
In its pure misjudged ickiness , bad-acting ropiness , and its quirksy , smirksy passive-aggressive tweeness , this insidiously terrible film could hardly get any more skin-crawling .
The film 's muted yet still rather flamboyant terribleness derives from the fact that it seems to be juggling three or four borderline schlock genres at once .
After a gentle engaging start , The Book Of Henry makes an ill-judged move into thriller territory . But the performances , especially from Jaeden Lieberher , are strong and it delivers that rare cinematic treat : a real surprise .
The Book of Henry is an original story that breaks rules . It will undoubtedly rattle audiences as a result . I think that 's great .
Hollywood needs more films like this one . Films that are n't afraid to take chances and challenge genre as well as audiences .
The really sad thing is that this is a movie with some intriguing characters that has some real comic and dramatic potential , but all this gets lost in increasingly silly plot mechanics .
Schmaltzy , manipulative , and tonally schizophrenic , The Book of Henry is such a monumentally misguided venture that it ends up being oddly , if unintentionally , compelling .
Watching The Book of Henry feels like being gaslit .
The movie takes a giant step back from plausibility , and I 'm afraid some viewers will be unwilling to go along .

@highlight

The Book of Henry deserves a few points for ambition , but its tonal juggling act -- and a deeply maudlin twist -- may leave viewers gaping in disbelief rather than choking back tears .