Jafar Panahi proves he 's truly an artist bent on showing his creative habilities . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A fun mix of documentary and fiction that happens entirely on the inside of a taxi . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A political manifesto about freedom , creativity , dreams , and the futility of human existence . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Maybe it 's not the best movie there is , but Panahi 's artistic value is undeniable . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
-LSB- Jafar -RSB- Panahi 's Taxi is essential viewing .
Panahi illustrates how precariousness pushes the limits of creativity with a great film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A movie that shows new narratives for cinema but also makes a statement about how hypocritical society can be . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An honest portrait of the Iranian society . Panahi is a man that refuses to be told how to live his life . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film that at first glance looks simple but slowly turns into a deep and meaningful story . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A strange fiction with hints of documentary and elements of tragedy , comedy , and everything in between . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Considering the harsh conditions the humanist Panahi had to work under , getting this film released is a small miracle .
A movie that does n't let us sit as passive observers but demands that we think about what how films are made and why films are made and what we expect for films to `` do '' .
Throughout , no one addresses Panahi 's own real - life plight , but almost every interaction alludes to it , while the director himself smiles and nods , in a kind of extended private joke that would be funny , if it were not so tragic .
He may have moved outside to the relative freedom of the streets , however the continuation of the same oppressive narrative persists and he is going to still defy it .
An ingenious and subtle approach to a strange , fascinating and turbulent place . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
`` Jafar Panahi 's Taxi , '' may not stand up as great piece of cinema , but it is well worth seeing if only to understand some similarities and differences between Islamic and Western culture .
If Jafar Panahi was still looking to show the power of artistic expression over the filmmaking ban placed on him ... he has found an ideal approach with his new film - in good humour .
Panahi 's ability to draw stories in these circumstances proves the power of pure storytelling in the face of restrictions in a way the Dogme 95 movement never did .
Another `` forbidden '' Panahi film , but the formula is starting to wear out . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
His most recent work is an eloquent example of their strategies to pursue his film activity . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It all feels spontaneous yet knowing , filled with wry humor and revealing asides , slipping in political and social commentary with a smile .
Beautifully balanced , cheerful but incisive , Taxi Tehran is playful , but also deadly serious .
Despite the laughs , Taxi never loses touch with the desperate reality at the heart of its formal experiment .
The spirit of ` Taxi ' is similar to Richard Linklater 's ` Slacker ' - picking up new characters for discussions of current life-except it 's funnier , more polemic , and a champion of every film ever made .
At one point , a lawyer lays a rose near the dashboard camera , with the comment : ` This is for the people of cinema . ' For audiences , ` Jafar Panahi 's Taxi ' is just such a rose .
`` Taxi '' is certainly the most entertaining of Panahi 's forbidden works , but it is also a rich experience full of human drama , comedy and ideas . The filmmaker has turned civil disobedience into its own genre .
The sequences go from lightly absurd and funny to troubling and political , from Panahi 's enjoyment of the rich fabric of secular life in Tehran to his anxiety of residing in a society controlled by the thought-police of Iran 's religious oligarchy .
Mixes the meta elements of his recent output with the shrewd social commentary of his pre-arrest work , all buoyed by a cheekiness that makes it accessible to audiences beyond the arthouse .
iven the option , Panahi might prefer to move onto fresh material -- but as man and artist , he seems to be surviving as well as could be hoped .
This is not just a powerful lesson in creative determination and censorship defiance but an absorbing look at humanity , full of poignancy and humor ... Hope lives .
Panahi 's status as a martyr for his art could have gulled him into loftiness and pride ; and yet , by some miracle , Taxi stays as modest as his smile , the point being not to recruit us to his cause but to put us on the side of his compatriots .
Taxi is easily the director 's most accessible work to date .
Here is an auteur able to swallow the urge to shake his fist and bellow to the heavens about the injustice of his situation . Instead , he continues to explore , with humor and humanity , the themes that have always fascinated him ...
Taxi is perhaps the most ingeniously optimistic movie I 've seen this year . It also reminds me of the current Room , another instance of extreme captivity where the only response is imagination . Both films make our world a bigger place .
Jafar Panahi 's Taxi looks onto a world where the social order and the spiritual order are at odds , in flux , where the conversations are sometimes cutting , sometimes comic , sometimes troubled , sometimes profound .
Taxi is must-see , feel-good cinéma vérité of the narrative variety .
Panahi 's light-hearted banter and his interactions with his niece and his multiple fares - whether real or staged - give a valuable insight into life lived under a constant veil of political and religious oppression .
Panahi has made a work of invention and brio that remains visually lively throughout , despite its formal restrictions .
Panahi may make his points from inside a cab , but he 's no hack . Just a farer of honesty and truth in a country where truth no longer has meaning .
Panahi follows up the excellent This is not a Film and the slightly dry Closed Curtain with his cheekiest and most playful subversion yet .
As unassuming as it is inspirational .
While one hopes the Iranian government will release Panahi soon , it 's good to see him at the wheel in any form .
While its very existence may count as an achievement in itself , much more importantly it 's also a lovingly cheeky riposte to those who have restricted -LSB- Panahi 's -RSB- freedom of thought -LRB- and movement -RRB- .
-LSB- The film -RSB- seems light-hearted and even whimsical at times but its director is making very serious points about the repressive nature of Iranian society .
A sly , subversive stand in favour of empathy .
Panahi looks for new perspectives everywhere he goes , and this search reflects his unwavering devotion to cinema , which has the power to transmit those perspectives to the world .
-LSB- A -RSB- charming , witty , politically lacerating drama .
Those who 've followed Panahi 's career over the decades will catch echoes of and references to his earlier movies , and at times `` Taxi '' is as much a tour of his filmography as it is of Tehran .
Panahi 's guerrilla exercise teases out the social value film can have while studding itself with in-jokes about the gentler forms of realism that export more easily and keep his global audience happy .
This is a movie that you will admire both for its courage and creativity .
An antic countercultural pageant , in which fact and fiction play musical passenger seats .
Kvetch if you must about how everyone 's recording everything all the time now , but in Jafar Panahi 's Taxi , that technology becomes a new definition of freedom .
`` Taxi '' emerges with purpose and a flavorful view of humanity .
It is a bittersweet film but one with a surprising degree of warmth , a generosity of spirit and a sense of hope .
Facing a 20-year ban on making movies in his native Iran , Jafar Panahi continues to find imaginative , fascinating ways to make them anyway -- and to turn them into commentaries on the state Iranian cinema .
The film is lightly entertaining , making its points about oppression in Iran gently .
This is an optimistic vision for the future of storytelling in Iran -- whatever may come .
Taxi may feel slight and loose , but it exudes joy and wit , its vivacity making the film a much more eloquent act of protest than the solemn , introverted Closed Curtain .
He looks like he 's having a wonderful time , but a sordid reality is never far off : Panahi 's films are acts of defiance , and each one could be his last .
D espite the sarcasm implicit in Panahi 's supposed change of career , his smile in this picture does not seem entirely fake . I felt he was taking a communicable pleasure in the slyness of Jafar Panahi 's Taxi .
It 's an act of defiance that 's also a sublime piece of cinema , and it ranks among the director 's finest work .
`` Taxi '' is a brave and strange film from an essential filmmaker , a moving statement for artistic freedom .
This spry , sharp and relentlessly clever middle finger to censorship is Panahi 's boldest act of defiance to date .
-LSB- Panahi has -RSB- created his most accessible nonfilm yet .
Despite the modesty of means , the accomplishment is Olympian . Great as film and even greater as political protest .
For all that , it 's quite funny at times and very enjoyable throughout .
The sheer absurdity of cracking down on any artist , particularly one so fulsomely empathetic and curious , simmers under every scene here
The minutiae of the everyday is Taxi 's secret subject -- ultimately , the movie argues , even during a seemingly normal day , the most jarring things can happen . It 's a poignant metaphor for a filmmaker living in his own unpredictable private prison .
More frustrating than beguiling or provocative .
The film feels as spontaneous and digressive as a Charles Mingus composition , and just as paradoxically light and dense .
It 's playful and thoughtful , informed by the director 's affable , patient , slightly worried demeanor .
Here 's proof that you ca n't keep a great filmmaker down .
Panahi has made three features since 2010 , when the Iranian government officially prohibited him from working . The latest , Taxi , is the friskiest and most expansive .
An exercise in self-pity that will test the limits of -LSB- Jafar Panahi 's -RSB- most sympathetic audiences .
A cogent and playful documentary about the banned filmmaker 's return to the streets of Teheran .
We 're supposed to take it both as a lark - the best Panahi can do under these unimaginably restrictive circumstances - and as a master casually tossing off a ` lesser work that seems more rich the more you look at it .
It 's more than just an affirmation of its maker 's un-crushable artistic ambition . It 's also a nimble , funny , honest-to-God movie .
A film about films and filmmaking and a filmmaker barred from making films by a filmmaker who worships films and is barred from making films , Panahi 's blissfully kind , effortlessly wise -LSB- Taxi -RSB- is an elegant , minor-key masterpiece .
Often extremely funny , always thoughtful , the movie transcends its static nature to become a deeper picture of modern Iran than any news story could offer .
Taxi is paced like a revue , with a showman 's élan .
Filmmaker Jafar Panahi deserves credit for continuing to satirize the Iranian government 's restrictions on freedom , but as drama , `` Taxi '' is simply not that interesting .
It spotlights the act of filmmaking as an act of resistance as well as a possible source of propaganda and manipulation .
As an artistic statement , a manifesto , and an act of rebellion : Taxi is not only good entertainment and great art , it 's also an attempt to transform Iranian politics through cinema .
One of his final passengers says something that is so essential not just to Panahi 's vision but the purpose of art entirely - `` This is for the people of cinema because the people of cinema can be relied on . ''
-LSB- Panahi -RSB- presents us with an infinite regression of setups , touching on both his own movies and the difficulties for any filmmaker of addressing Iranian ` reality . '
It 's a movie studio on wheels -LRB- all 82 minutes of Taxi , save for the provocative closing moments , take place within the vehicle -RRB- , with the entire populace of Tehran as potential stars .
You 're supposed to wonder whether it 's a scripted film or actually a day of unscripted encounters with random people . First of all , that 's lame . This is n't The Blair Witch Project .
Panahi defies his country 's restrictions for the third time by making a film entirely in a taxi . The space may be confined , but Panahi 's point is that the real prison exists outside the cab 's windows .
`` Taxi '' is reflexive , intelligent , and provocative , to be sure , and has lots to say about Iranian society in general and the fine art of dissidence in particular , but it 's also sort of a blast .
It 's of great commendation to this inspiring filmmaker that we care so much for the characters and their respective predicaments . We abide by their tales and fall for their stories , despite the fact we 're continuously question whether it 's all made up .
An elegantly coded , surprisingly sprightly work , made in the face of adversity .
Banned Iranian director Jafar Panahi takes to the streets of Tehran for another playful yet profound musing on the intersection of life and art .
Amazingly , Panahi turns the utterly simple , economical format of a camera inside a car into something relevant to his own artistic state and full of eye-opening insights into Iranian society .
A delightful surprise ...
It is subtle , humorous and humane . It tells you more about modern Iran , I think , than you 'll discover on the news .

@highlight

Jafar Panahi 's Taxi offers another round of trenchant societal commentary from a director whose entire filmography stands as a daring act of dissent .