Child of God toes the line between success and failure - but , ultimately , leans into success , and occasionally threatens to leap into it entirely .
Ultimately the movie 's message is that community is sacred , all God 's children should be cared for , and the destitute need a human net to save them from descent into madness .
... certainly not for all tastes , but as a raw and visceral portrait of sexual and social defiance , it conveys a powerful glimpse into backwoods desperation and survival instincts .
With Child of God , Franco has come up with something distinctive that both captures the atmosphere of McCarthy 's neo-Gothic universe and suggests a consolidation on the director 's As I Lay Dying .
James Franco should be hailed for taking a crack at such dense and unforgiving material , but the relentless grimness leaves you numb rather than enlightened .
For obvious reasons too , it 's a tough undertaking to endear sociopaths , serial killers and their ilk as something more , something human .
This drama loses its momentum when it focuses too much on its mentally unstable main character and never builds a solid narrative around him .
Beautifully shot , well acted , and the score is lovely , but the film has nothing to say about the human degradation in which it wallows . If you 're gon na make me smell dung for two hours , at least fertilize my lawn .
An ambitious but uneven attempt to translate McCarthy 's book to the screen .
There 's no denying Franco 's ambition , and in `` Child of God '' you can see evidence -LRB- almost for the first time -RRB- that he 's reaching for something he may one day attain .
`` Child of God '' fascinates like a song sung just out of tune but rhythmically sturdy enough to keep you listening in the hopes it 'll right itself .
Surprisingly pretty good .
If -LRB- and this is a big if -RRB- you can get past the breaking of taboos , Child of God is a deeply affecting look at loneliness , survival and the cracking of the line between civilization and savagery .
The physical experience of watching this no-frills movie is difficult .
A good faith but blank retelling of McCarthy 's first major statement .
The Coens and John Hillcoat used McCarthy 's novels as inroads and put their individual stamps on the material ; Franco , meanwhile , contents himself with exploitation .
This wrong-headed adaptation of Cormac McCarthy 's taut 1973 novel , as interpreted by director James Franco , spends too much time trying to create an element of compassion for this devilishly aberrant killer .
Too bad all this grungy intimacy renders him neither knowable nor fascinating as he hunkers down in a shack and then in a cavern that doubles as a crypt .
Franco keeps you in your seat , mainly by harnessing the power of Haze ...
Make no mistake : There is nothing pleasant about `` Child of God , '' James Franco 's very fine adaptation of Cormac McCarthy 's short , pitiless novel .
It 's hard to see past the lurid details of the Tennessee tale , adapted from Cormac McCarthy 's 1973 exercise in backwoods noir .
His handheld cameras dodge and weave , but that 's all they do . Good handheld requires stealth craft ; this is just someone flailing with a camera in their hands .
A horror film that challenges us to never exclude anyone from our hearts .
This is ambitious , challenging filmmaking , elevated by John Franco 's compassion and Scott Haze 's revelatory acting .
There 's little doubt that Franco groks the octogenarian novelist in ways the common man does not . But that 's not reason enough to subject yourself to his punishing , ultra low-budget adaptation of the McCarthy 's 1973 work Child of God .
It 's McCarthy 's complex use of language , rather than the plot 's grueling imagery , that elevate the book . There 's simply not enough insight here to make the punishment worthwhile .
... the film makes its primary point so early on that it soon finds itself with nothing much to say - and , consequently , winds up becoming little more than a tedious and meandering bit of psycho-hillbilly performance art .
Child Of God is a lurid backwoods exploitation cheapie that just happens to be based on a novel by Cormac McCarthy .
`` Child of God '' is , like the source novel , loosely inspired by the notorious real-life cannibal murderer Ed Gein . So was Alfred Hitchcock 's `` Psycho . '' Nobody left that classic bored - but they sure will be by Franco 's film .
Franco is determined to humanize Ballard in a misguided quest to make him likable , as if likability were a conduit to credibility and not just a pandering to audience members .
-LSB- Franco -RSB- should get credit for ... possessing the willpower to make a movie that virtually no one is going to see .
What did we do to deserve James Franco ?
It could have been so much worse ; we wish it was a lot better .
Child of God is brazenly , outstandingly bad , as vague , pretentious , and pointless as its sorry title .
No fan could ask for a more doggedly faithful representation of the novel , but a true fan would understand , as Franco does not , that the real act of respect would be to leave it on the page .
Scott Haze 's frightening performance propels this tale of necrophilia .
In the opening scene , an unnamed narrator claims Lester is , `` a child of God much like yourself perhaps . '' If this is true , jokes on us because only Satan could spawn a man like Lester Ballard .
Child of God is another ambitious effort by Franco , but there 's a reason why others have had so much difficulty bringing it to the screen .
This is a tough sell , a heavy-duty Southern gothic that makes the Coen brothers ' No Country for Old Men seem lightweight .
Franco 's powerful adaptation , directed with discipline and intelligence , captures McCarthy 's mordant darkness . It reveals the humanity buried beneath animalistic behavior .
To really appreciate the film , one needs to look past James Franco 's lack of formal poetry and focus on Scott Haze 's performance and Cormac McCarthy 's themes , which , given the great might of both , is n't exactly hard to do .
So , did all that industry pay off ? With Child of God -LRB- pictured -RRB- , from Cormac McCarthy 's 1973 novel , the answer has to be : Eh .
Time and again I found myself looking at a wobbly shot of somebody 's slouched shoulder , or a not-very-interesting left ear , wondering what information , exactly , these visuals were intended to convey .
Child of God is shot with rough , raw energy and steeped in a suitably barren Southern atmosphere . It 's also a chore to sit through .
There 's a weird purity to the storytelling even at its untidiest , which enables Franco to remain true to the spirit of McCarthy 's vernacular lyricism .
While remaining pretty faithful to the story , Franco somehow manages to inject a note of humour into the story of a man who comes across more as maladroit misfit than evil sociopath .
The whole thing feels sort of tossed off , like it was made by film students over a couple of weekends .
Franco has emerged with an extremely faithful , suitably raw but still relatively hemmed-in adaptation that compares favorably with his earlier films , yet falls short of achieving a truly galvanizing portrait of social and sexual deviance .
Multi-hyphenate renaissance man James Franco has finally delivered the goods with this great , grisly Cormac McCarthy adaptation

@highlight

An obviously reverent adaptation that fails to make a case for the source material being turned into a movie , Child of God finds director James Franco outmatched by Cormac McCarthy 's novel .