It is actually called : April O'Neil featuring the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles .
Bay seemingly relishes in tainting childhood memories , so why would this be any different ?
Let 's be honest : you can only maintain certain expectations when you 're talking about a movie centered around a group of 6-foot animated turtles . Yet this one definitely feels like everyone 's going through the motions .
Thin plot aside , * TMNT * is peppered with just enough humour and maintains a strident pace throughout .
How can you pack in so many curiously questionable pop culture figures into a franchise based on nothing more than beloved -LRB- ? -RRB- 1980 's nostalgia ?
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles feels like a Bay Combo , a collection of ideas we 've already seen .
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles could be worse , which - in a summer of Transformers and Behaving Badly - says nothing .
-LSB- TMNT 's -RSB- script plays hopscotch across plot holes and characters plod through painfully cheesy dialogue .
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles is a pretty bad movie , but it is n't because of the reasons you will see on message boards or comment sections .
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles is a sloppy , unholy mess . It is a blight , not only upon the art of cinema , but upon humanity itself .
Michael Bay , using Megan Fox as bait , hit pay dirt with `` Transformers . '' Now they 've made a nice amusement park thrill-ride with 2014 's ` Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles ' re-tread .
Worth its weight in junk food .
The failure of -LSB- the film -RSB- is not a result of irreverence towards the original source material , but rather a lack of curiosity and imagination concerning that promising title it 's cashing in for name recognition .
It has hints of heart , and one or two good sequences , but a rent-a-baddie villainy , a poor storyline and paper thin characters leave it floundering in generic action territory .
Liebesman 's remade The Amazing Spider-Man .
When a film can waste a character actor as respected as Fichtner , you know there are bigger problems beyond a slightly hackneyed script .
Cowabunga ? Cowabuggeroff !
Those poor old Teenage Ninja Turtles should have been left tin hibernation .
An exercise in product-placement so blatant it makes the last Transformer outing seem subtle by comparison .
Tries , and fails , to meld grit and froth . Still , at key moments it does possess a perverse sort of brio .
25 years after the first Ninja Turtles ' movie , the return of the reptilian heroes in a half-shell is surprisingly enjoyable .
This iteration of pop culture 's most idiotic quartet has the IQ of a cheese pizza but it 's not a total cowabungle .
An entertaining smooth ride .
It 'd be easier to give TMNT a pass if it was aiming purely for goofy fun , but it keeps taking itself so damn seriously .
While this special-effects laden action fest may not tick any highbrow cultural boxes it is a deliciously daft bit of entertainment - frenetic and full of fun .
The repackaging of gleaming , empty , allowance-snaffling product . Were these Turtles ever anything else ?
Heroes in a half-arsed shell .
It ai n't easy being green , especially as the charmless CG stars of this lowest-common-denominator action-comedy .
It 's a solid , fun and light-hearted family action flick that captures the oddly enduring appeal of the half-shell heroes .
Dreadful , but no more or less dreadful than the three Nineties live-action Turtles films that came before it .
Good fun this may be , but original ? Absolutely cowabungingly not .
The problem is that it 's just not silly enough or funny enough .
Fun in parts but mostly big , dumb and LOUD , the new TMNT is essentially Transformers in a half-shell .
This fast-paced slice of action adventure will satisfy fans but is as loaded with fromage as the film 's much salivated over 99-cheese pizza .
It should have been renamed TMNT : The Secret of the Snooze .
It aged me . I felt like my Dad trying to comprehend a Tamagotchi .
A joke that has been taken way too seriously
Apparently designed as a Michael Bayhem gateway drug to hook the few kids considered too young for ` Transformers ' movies , this grim and charmless update is about the last thing the culture needs : The ` Dark Knight ' of Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle movies .
Kinda fun and enjoyable despite its dubious pedigree , not because of it . I got the distinct feeling this movie deserved a better treatment than it got from its makers .
This is frankly disposable entertainment , but to some degree it 's a welcome parody of earnest superhero movies like those directed by Christopher Nolan , which for all their self-importance are fundamentally just as silly .
The tone is light , the visual effects are outstanding and the unfairly maligned Megan Fox does a perfectly swell job at the centre of all the action in this heavy-hitting reboot of the cheesy 1980s mock-superhero phenomenon .
IT 'S hard to figure out what 's the most annoying thing about this TMNT reboot .
Michelangelo - or ` DJ Mikey ' as he frustratingly demands to be known - harasses Fox 's character , mentioning how she makes his shell harden -LRB- while she 's unconscious , natch -RRB- . He even wears a puka shell necklace , because he is the absolute worst .
Something about a reptile in a ninja mask makes my heart sink .
A movie like this does n't have to be serious to be good -LRB- or even just fun -RRB- , but the people who make it have to take it seriously .
In one way , Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles is a triumph for producer Michael Bay in that it is equally as godawful as his Transformers : Age of Extinction and a hit nonetheless .
I 've seen Real Housewives with greater range , and making Fox the film 's emotional center is , in the words of another Arnett character -- a huge mistake .
A ridiculously plotted and distressingly violent action movie that never makes the case for its own existence .
There is barely any plot to speak of , and what little there is gets disposed of quickly , as though the film was humiliated by it .
his is an impressive , action packed film with some terrific humor and an expectedly hokey plot that is both to its benefit and detriment .
I think kids can get on board with most of what this latest edition offers ; as a lifelong fan of the franchise I only wish that the `` Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles '' got to be in their own movie more .
The film is n't without it 's flaws , but the gamble to use CGI/performance capture to bring the turtle boys to life pays off , and `` Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles '' is a solid opening to what hopefully becomes another series of fun summer films .
Faithful to its predecessors in that it is loud , dumb , and aimed at 11-year-olds -LRB- and not the smart ones , either -RRB- .
By this point in the season , there 's something to be said for generic bombast that at least has the courtesy to come in under two hours .
Reboot offers impressive action , distracting innuendo .
Another loud , obnoxious , ninety minute commercial with no grasp on what makes the source material it 's adapting so appealing .
It 's essentially a Transformers movie - a Michael Bay production complete with mass destruction , urban panic , white-hot lighting , inane quips , product placement , explosions and , well , Megan Fox .
... this new take on a quartet of mutated turtles who can take down faceless foes with the swiftest of ease is mostly uninspired , awkward , unfunny , and utterly charmless .
The major problem with this latest TMNT product -- well , aside from its impersonal nature , mediocre performances , sloppy script and unseemly visual style -- rests with the title characters themselves .
` Teenage Mutant Ninja Transformers ' is a hollow shell of a movie .
A non-essential children 's film about anthropomorphic animals , where there is no other agenda than to jumpstart a dormant franchise and reestablish a global brand . No second meaning for adults . No complications . It meets the minimum requirements .
... banks heavily on Megan Fox ... -LRB- surprise ! -RRB- she does okay ... it 's nice to see a decently made revival of four teenage mutant ninja turtles and one kick-ass rat .
TMNT is shallow popcorn entertainment - but within the spectrum of reboots and remakes , it falls on the safe side of honorable .
These Ninja Turtles are the ones you love , but trapped in a film that 's hard to like .
It is n't nearly as bad as it could have been . Mind you , it is n't good . It is n't even `` so bad it 's good . '' It 's just there . I wish it was better . Or worse .
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles is goofy and exciting enough to appeal to young ones , but its halfhearted and mindless action leaves a lot to be desired for a more sophisticated mind .
Megan Fox , who plays the plucky reporter - April O ' Neil , is front and center when it comes to screen time here . Her dull performance was not the banner to hang this movie 's success on .
The movie delivers some entertainment on the action level , and the actors are generally well cast . Ironically , the biggest flaw in Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles is the portrayal of the Turtles themselves .
I had to draw on my own ninja training and reflect intensively on the transitory nature of all phenomena , just to fend off the profound yearning for death .
When you walk in braced for a howler , the occasional good point feels like an unexpected surprise , and even the worst moments are more `` been there , done that '' than `` holy cow this stinks ! ''
A mishmash of action setpieces so fast and furious you ca n't tell what 's happening , skipping over logistics when they 're inconvenient .
It 's pretty much business as usual : one personality trait per turtle -LRB- with the most screen time for party-dude Michelangelo -RRB- , lots of wisecracks , plenty of thin-crust product placement -LRB- Pizza Hut this time around -RRB- , and even a last-minute cowabunga .
Turtles fans might have been looking for their own Avengers . They get Alvin and the Chipmunks on performance enhancers and mass-market pizza instead . In Hollywood , history repeats first as farce , then as marketing .
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles is meant for fans of the turtles empire : the original comic books , the myriad animated series , the video games , and even the other films . But a film this stupid fun is sure to make believers out of others as well .
It 's an airy confection that gives the familiar just enough sweetness to go down smoothly .
What happens when you substitute bombast for fun and bloat for finesse ? This .
As a product , this sucker is assembly-line perfection which is fine if you 're buying a pair of sneakers or a stereo , but for a movie , it is a little bit soul-crushing .
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles does n't so much provide brainless enjoyment as it pummels the viewer into submission . `` Shell-shocked '' is a reasonable description of the experience .
Was this punishment for Fox comparing Michael Bay to Hitler ? Cheesy 3D , moronic banter , some fun action though .
This is a movie that casts both Arnett and Fichtner and does n't even notice they look and very nearly sound alike .
One of the most visually ugly pictures this side of the torture-porn genre .
Positive rating only because this was made for the now adult kids who loved this growing up and for their children and not for me . They are n't going to care that I hated it .
If you thought Michael Bay had forgiven Megan Fox for saying he was `` like Hitler , '' this new April O'Neil role is proof he has n't .
Why does every filmmaker who tackles this property find some way to drop the shell ?
When the movie finally does decide to deliver the turtles we came to see it does it well . I just wish they remembered who the movie was named after sooner .
Instead of a fun and unchallenging limp down memory lane , `` Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles '' is an energy-sapping exercise in futility that will leave you begging for less .
Whatever charm existed in the original cartoons is trampled by this over-blown bore .
I have to admit Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles did n't stink as much as I worried it would .
For having gone to the trouble of making a self-descriptive movie called Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles , its producers seem ultimately unsure about its most basic concept .
The repartee , as ever , is weak . Even with all the extra layers of digital detail , it 's still tough to keep these four straight .
The kind of cliched , misfit crimefighters-versus-demented villains scenario that Kevin Eastman and Peter Laird happily parodied when they came up with the original Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles comic books way back in the 1980s .
There 's enough turtle power to please kids and fans of the original series .
This is a mostly grim , frantic , and quite brutal reimagining of the ` Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles , ' folks , that has little faith in its own legend , characters , or established mythology . -LRB- Complete Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
In spite of the movie 's shortcomings , there is an eager-to-please quality to the whole of `` Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles '' that is difficult to resist .
One of the nicest surprises of the summer , this reboot actually delivers what audiences are craving .
To be fair , this is n't War and Peace . It 's a movie with a nunchuk-wielding reptile standing over six feet tall , drooling over pizza , and making boner jokes about Megan Fox .
Cowabunga , dudes .
Say what you will about the rubber-suited '90s films , at least they explored the dynamic a little .
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles is a reboot that plays as if it were made from a starter kit . Everything comes right out of the 2014 blockbuster catalog .
-LSB- T -RSB- hese characters are fodder for an effects demo reel .
Attached to this movie , the title no longer sounds zany ; it looks like a series of keywords .
There is something half-hearted about the entire film , as if those behind it were involved not because they wanted to make it , not because they should make it , but just because they could .
A reminder that we should keep our guard up when we suspect creative choices coming from the stockholders ' perspective .
There 's no lack of craft here , but there 's certainly an absence of character .
Not much of an effort is made to differentiate the personalities of the turtles , who all frankly look as grotesque as a Terry Gilliam cartoon .
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles delivers a slightly different take on the series ... and though it gets some things wrong along the way , it gets just as much right .
Loud , frenetic and exhausting , it 's really too violent for younger children and too dumb for adults who are n't driven by sheer nostalgia .
Rougher and slightly funnier than the 1990 original , but still harmless junk at best .
Even youngsters may wonder why any hint of charm or fun has scurried away . Those new to the franchise may withdraw their head into their neck , turtle-like .
While this reboot is fun , it 's also forgettable and occasionally infuriating .
It 's nearly impossible to gauge what constitutes a `` good '' Turtles film , but this one delivers the requisite thrills , visual effects , and humor as well as one can reasonably ask for .
The comedy-action mash-up is as weird as if the Dark Knight took a break from belting the Joker to plug Pizza Hut and bang out a hiphop beat on his nunchucks .
Too-brief thrills only shine a harsher light on the film 's laborious pacing and cringeworthy one-liners spilling from the maws of the ninja teens .
Is there a word that means the opposite of Cowabunga ?
Cowabummer .
Very much a live-action cartoon -LRB- albeit one just Dark 'n Gritty enough to merit a PG-13 rating -RRB- , right down to lines like , `` Drain all of their blood - even if it kills them ! ''
It 's just kind of a mess , as unfocused and immature as the four mutant turtles at its core . Stuff happens , stuff blows up and this is probably a good time to mention that Michael Bay produced the film .
The light , comedic tone is weighed down by unimaginative pop-culture references and half-witted one-liners .
Although Liebesman 's Turtles might have higher quality effects , these ninjas -- created in motion capture by Industrial Light & Magic -- resemble a genetics experiment gone horribly wrong .
If ever there was a movie that should not have been made , this is that movie .
Even worse than 2007 's all-animated TMNT , putting this century one crappy Ninja Turtles-related movie ahead of the last one .
I never thought I 'd say these words , but here they are : I wish there was more Michael Bay in this movie .
A film so overworked to ensure mass-market appeal that it loses the charming oddness and loose goofiness that has allowed these characters to endure .
Your kids may not mind it , but it 's more insistent than it is fun .
It has no reason to exist save for entrapping the next generation of kids while hoping to ensnare adults who grew up with the property the first time around .
A major upgrade in technology , viewed throughout the feature in frenetic action sequences , but the screenwriting is n't up to the challenge , trying to merge classic Turtle interactions with Bay 's customary event movie coldness .
The kids may enjoy this movie because kids enjoy most anything that 's not broccoli . Adults may be another story .
Pretty much the same movie as the first TRANSFORMERS . Lots of Bay-hem , TONS of product placement , and very little soul .
What the new Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles lacks is not fidelity , but a spirit of genuine boyish fun -- the sense that anyone involved saw more than a very specific shade of green in the freshly digital scales of these 30-year-old characters .
Given the pedigree , a forgettably bad Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles movie is perhaps the best result anyone could have hoped for .
You may not be shouting `` Cowabunga '' but at least it 's not ` The Secret of the Ooze ' .
`` Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles '' is designed to fill a pipeline , a matter of volume more than quality . It 's bland , familiar , lazy and drunk on a deadly mix of nostalgia and unthinking adrenaline .
Yeah , they got the movie they deserved . But Michael Bay produced the movie they deserved .
This is as generic as Hollywood gets .
A MadLibs style superhero blockbuster , with each interchangeable beat and set piece placed into a skeletal structure that could support any characters in any story .
Aimed squarely at the elusive point where the attention spans of young children , teenagers and adults meet , the 3D Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles strikes it with surprising regularity .
Entirely hollow , poorly put together , and will require an audience on its level of stupidity to survive . Do n't be one of its supporters .
The way people have been talking about Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles , you 'd think Michael Bay directed it . After seeing it , you may wish he had . I did .
Despite the strange revamp of the Turtles into huge , superpowered behemoths who seem ready to throw down with Colossus or the Thing , the film does a nice job of capturing their brotherly in-fighting , camaraderie and rapport .
There 's no angst in this new franchise , no elaborate metaphor and no ambition to speak of . And although you could argue that that is in and of itself a problem , at least it smoothes out Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles ' many , many flaws .
Neither a particularly good movie nor the pop-cultural travesty that some were dreading .
Liebesman relies on his genre-film resume to keep events moving at a brisk clip and the motion-capture process employed to facilitate live-action integration with cutting-edge VFX looks superior onscreen ...
The impersonal , derivative `` Turtles '' reboots the titular heroes , deciding in the process that they might as well just be Transformers with green skin and martial arts skills .
A movie that takes its characters and its premise seriously , until it does n't , and that operates at two speeds : tortoise -LRB- ponderous -RRB- and hare -LRB- head-spinning -RRB- .

@highlight

Neither entertaining enough to recommend nor remarkably awful , Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles may bear the distinction of being the dullest movie ever made about talking bipedal reptiles .