Probing docu about society 's obsession with looks .
America 's obsession with beauty is the subject of filmmaker Darryl Roberts wide-ranging investigative documentary that shows how beauty product manufacturers manipulate the public .
The film 's examination of our beauty-obsessed culture -- however familiar -- remains unfortunately necessary .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Roberts has a point of view , yes , but he also has a curiosity that drives him and the movie . Lucky are those who go along for the ride .
Despite the occasional flash of insight , and a few semi-shocking factoids , most women are going to find this movie roughly as illuminating as a remedial math class might be for a Nobel-prize winning physicist .
Perhaps in future exposes Roberts will uncover that ice is cold and furnaces hot .
trenchant but not mean-spirited and often hilarious . Roberts approaches the subject with an attitude that is genuinely inquisitive , often bemused , and sometimes shocked , but never judgmental , at least not in his interviewing style
In the documentary America the Beautiful , Roberts explores the cult of beauty in the United States and mostly succeeds in unmasking the flaws of fetishizing skin-deep beauty .
Intercutting the costs of American women 's chase-after-beauty story -LRB- suggesting much waste and futility -RRB- with Gerren 's personal one never quite blends into an organic whole .
With so many pointless detours ripping you away , the film feels as lamely digressive as the proverbial one-track guy whose head wo n't stop turning as each new temptation walks by .
Unexpectedly witty and affecting .
Roberts raises interesting questions , but most of the info is familiar and there 's no systematic or comparative perspective to illuminate our culture 's obssession with beauty vis-a-vis other wealthy media-saturated countries , which made Sicko a good docu
America the Beautiful provides plenty of food for thought , and Roberts ' passion for the subject shines through .
Unlike other documentarians who put themselves in front of the camera , Roberts is an affable screen presence .
We 've become safely ensconced in our vacuous timidity , and the only wake up call that 's probably going to do any of us any good is one that strikes tragically closer to home .
Well intentioned but futilely diffuse .
For every unsubtle moment ... there are two or three that forcefully resound .
Interesting but messy .
Though not the most sophisticated movie , Darryl Roberts ' earnest documentary gets its points across with enough power to make it a valuable experience for both adolescent girls and their parents .
Clueless , directionless and altogether pointless , America the Beautiful will outrage only those who have spent the last 50 years in suspended animation .
A hard-hitting documentary about the negative fallout from America 's obsession with physical perfection .
Hardly revelatory , sometimes downright redundant pic nevertheless covers its myriad bases succinctly , while rejecting both grandstanding indignation and self-nullifying ` fairness ' .
A scathing indictment of the fashion industry which is designed to drive home the point that the airbrushed and digitally-altered standard of beauty popularized by the mainstream media is unattainable , because even the models do n't really look like that .
There 's no evidence provided as to what separates us from other modern , media-soaked nations -LRB- and even less made of the fact that , for a people allegedly obsessed with self-image , we 're fatties -RRB- .
The film 's production company is appropriately called Sensory Overload , but America the Beautiful is never boring in spite of its dizzying bombardment of sometimes familiar information .
A sprawling , messy , frustrating and impassioned examination of the psychological fallout from America 's obsession with a highly artificial and all-but unattainable standard of beauty .
Sex sells feeling bad about yourself , from designer vaginas to canine testicle implants , in this indignantly passionate , do n't believe the deadly hype documentary .
America the Beautiful is a great film - a provocative cautionary tale that fingers crossed , might also act as a wake-up call .
Carries a persuasive message , and is all the more effective because of the level tone that -LSB- Director Darryl -RSB- Roberts adopts .



@highlight

This doc does n't expose any new territory about our unattainable standards of beauty , but does manage to entertain with an effective and accessible tone by filmmaker/subject Darryl Roberts .