Blade makes no bones about being a B-movie and that is one of its saving graces . It 's kind of silly , goes on too long , and does n't make a great deal of sense , but there are a few moments that entertain .
I 'm a great fan of Blade , the Marvel Comics vampire hunter played by Wesley Snipes ... But a third episode , Blade : Trinity , directed by David S. Goyer , is a blood fest too far .
A trainwreck set to a booming soundtrack , turning vampire hunting into a screen chore while it almost intentionally torches the macabre groundwork laid down by the first two features .
For series fans only . Definitely NOT for kids !
The weakest of the trilogy .
A great closer to a great franchise ...
To me Blade Trinity deftly dances at the edge of `` So bad it 's good '' territory , staying just on the side of being good .
a move that reeks of market manipulation , a couple of young sidekicks are introduced in a lame attempt to stire the usual formual into something new .
The surface , the film is stylish without losing its focus , and the gadgets , the settings and the characters all jump to life -LRB- as it were -RRB- in the cool domain of the extreme scenario .
An action-packed mess from its lackluster , two-pronged opening segments to its final showdown .
Not as grand as the first two , but still entertaining
Goyer 's film is an entertaining though a hit and miss addition to the franchise .
Are the white movie geeks who make these sci-fi/horror flicks reassuring the white audience by robbing powerful black men of any personality ?
The only one who seems to be having much fun , though , is Parker Posey , camping it up as one of the vampires .
The film adds nothing much that 's new to the annals of creative killing in movies . Just run of the mill mass carnage dressed up to project sexiness and swagger .
Chances are that Goyer 's cack-handed direction has killed a franchise he helped birth .
This has all the appeal of reheated , congealed blood .
Out with the old and in with the new .
Snipes reprises the lead role and is even stiffer and more robotic that he was in the earlier films .
Blade : Trinity does nothing more ambitious than continue a sputtering franchise .
We 're treated to re-heated leftovers and scraps which offer fleeting moments of sustenance .
A pale shadow to the much superior first two films .
This visually flat , dramatically incoherent film puts a stake through the heart of the series .
Reynolds , Biel , Posey , and Lyonne amble around a warehouse trying to out-snark one another -- call it Blade : The Real World .
Goyer destrói a série Blade não apenas com sua falta de talento como diretor , mas também graças ao seu péssimo roteiro .
The least of three .
Oh , how the mighty half-vampire has fallen .
Blade : Trinity does n't have the needed fangs to cling onto anything remotely interesting in this seedless third edition of the badass bloodsucker .
I was really hoping that despite all the bad buzz on this thing I might buck the trend and actually like it , but , as Alex Trebek might say : `` Sorry ... . no '' .
If you are n't a fan , it wo n't convert you .
It looks like they did n't even try .
Without stinting on the expected action and horror ... what you 're likely to remember are the laughs .
A worthy end to the series .
Snipes has perfected a certain brooding presence , but he 's also reduced his Blade character to a handful of poses and guttural one-liners .
primary aesthetic aim seems to be outdoing the music-video-inspired visual excesses of the previous films
Some of the lines are brilliantly campy , and that provides a fun action film .
Okay , I did n't say the plot was great . It 's kinda like cough medicine . If you just deal with the fact you have to swallow it , it ai n't bad .
One of the worst films ever made .
The only surprise for me was that is was n't as bad as I expected it to be .
Conseil personnel , allez donc revoir le premier volet .
Blade : Trinity may indeed be the last film of this series , but it 's doubtful that anyone will be complaining that much after seeing it for themselves .
Well , Blade held up beautifully twice . But now the story is turning , well , bloodless .
This is a popcorn movie and as such it succeeds famously .
I 'll give Blade : Trinity the benefit of the doubt and assume the movie is meant to be high camp of the lowest order .
Stuff blows up and glass shatters when Blade is in the room . He 's like Shaft with worst theme music .
It 's ironic Blade : Trinity has Triple H in its cast because the film itself is entertaining in the same cheesy , trashy way of a good wrestling grudge match .
I ca n't imagine any reason why this once moderately enjoyable franchise should continue .
Sometimes bloody , sometimes bloody awful .
Blade : Trinity is n't awful if you 've followed the series , although one ca n't help but feel that three entries is enough .
While this third entry is the best in the series , it 's still a long way off from being the clever thrill ride it thinks it is .
feels like a quickie film thrown together in the vain -LRB- vein ? -RRB- attempt to resurrect an ailing franchise
It 's a witless sequel at a time when this series should have upped the stakes .
After three installments this Blade is getting rusty .
I hope this is the end , that it 's three and out for the Blade franchise .
A choppy mélange of straight-to-video editing and a surfeit of disintegration effects .
Goyer was simply the wrong man to set loose in this world , for now the once promising Blade franchise has been crippled by his unfortunate tinkering .
It 's not even worth a matinee .
Not a comedy , but its funny parts are more memorable than its action-horror parts , which are competent but unremarkable .
-LSB- A -RSB- series that has yielded diminishing returns since Stephen Norrington 's 1998 adaptation .
A healthy portion of yecky-poo poo .
Ryan Reynolds ' endless tone-lowering , Blade-baiting quips temporarily distract viewers from the script 's more pressing problems .
Truth be told , for all their faults there is something about the Blade franchise that makes them intoxicating , and watching this one fall flat on its bloody sword is almost more than I could bear .
Fans of mindless action and good one-liners will enjoy Blade : Trinity ; but anyone who was a fan of the first two films and expected more development of Blade or a grand finale to his story will be disappointed .
Blade : Trinity needs to be consigned to DVD - as quickly as possible .
The third BLade pursues familiar themes , having to do with vampirism as a virus , visited upon a hapless human population via malevolent , aggressive , very grumpy carriers .
If ever there was a case for quitting while you 're behind , this Blade is it -- ready to be buried in a vat of garlic .
Its biggest problem is that Blade himself takes a back seat to a host of new and mostly uninteresting characters .
Lots of fairly cool special effects and a good deal of quips and catchphrases .
A character looks directly into the camera and gives the audience the middle finger . That seems a tad bit stand-offish , would n't you say ?
An unapologetically flashy , bloody , fast-paced horror/action flick that 's pretty entertaining .
Even if -LRB- Wesley -RRB- Snipes zombie-walks through his part , how can you hate a horror-action flick that lets the vampire dogs out ?
Save for Ryan Reynolds ' sorely needed wit , the movie is filled with wasted opportunities that befpre would have provided memorable character moments or lusciously nasty bits .
In film number three , Blade has grown a little dull . -LRB- Could n't resist -RRB- .
Rookie director David S. Goyer has driven a wooden stake into the heart of this bloodsucker franchise .
Goyer also wrote all three Blade films , so character misunderstandings ca n't be blamed for the two half-realized plot lines crammed into one feature .
If you 're willing to put your brain in neutral and keep your expectations relatively low for this third trip to the well , Blade : Trinity ulimately delivers the goods
Wesley Snipes 's vampire hunter franchise finishes off not with a bang but a whimper .
Badly plotted sequel that sidelines Snipes but remains watchable thanks to serviceable action sequences , some witty dialogue and the performances of Reynolds and Posey .
Here 's a tip for the next bad-guy vampire who captures Blade , Marvel Comics ' fearless vampire hunter : Just kill him . Do n't toy with him . Do n't taunt him with your perceived superiority . Just kill him and get on with your plans to take over the world .
If the patriarch of all vampires just ai n't that tough , it 's time to pack it in . In fact , it was time to pack it in before we were subjected to this movie .
Goyer ... who wrote the previous installments , displays a keen eye for casting in his directing debut .
Goyer 's direction is all surfaces and no substance
Diverting but dumb and more goth than gothic , Blade : Trinity builds up to a less-than-epochal smackdown .
Blade : Trinity is the kind of big , dumb movie that at least knows it 's a big , dumb movie and winks at the audience accordingly .
By and large , the jokes fall flat , and the entire film often seems as fatigued as its star .
` Blade : Trinity ' is a joyless and unimaginative movie with lots of broken glass and strobe lights to mask the lack of exciting action .
Trinity plays like little more than a second-rate TV pilot .
David Goyer steps up to the directorial plate this time , and while his hack-rate dialogue is better than usual , his direction is nothing special .
Lots of posing , scowling , quipping , leather-modeling and slow-mo cool-walkin ' .
If the screenplay had been half as visionary as the casting , we might have been dealing with some sort of classic .
Watching Blade : Trinity is like being rolled down a marble staircase in an oil drum . The movie is loud , dark , bumpy and not even a little fun .
It all suggests a cinematic identity crisis .
There 's nothing beneath the flashy editing and self-consciously cool production design but a soulless adrenaline machine that 's never scary and rarely engrossing .
The suck principle is making up for lost time . It 's almost bad enough to implicate its predecessors .
The brow may be low , but it 's perfectly manicured : Grade A production values abound , as does superior kung fu choreography .
The third time out for the vampire-hunting superhero is no charm .
Our obsession with style over substance is becoming pathological . When are we going to get sick of this stuff ?
There 's just enough comforting familiarity mixed with refreshing new characters to hold the casserole of a plot together .
Is this an MTV promo for the movie , or a kick-butt video game based on the movie ?
No one 's lifeblood is at stake , but the movie 's pitiful victims will find themselves out the price of a movie ticket and nearly two hours of their lives that they will never get back . And let 's not forget the price of popcorn and parking .
Trinity is a return to the cheesy spirit of the original .
It 's all about the gags and the gadgets and the body count , with shootings , impalings and explosions vaporizing every vamp in sight .
Trinity is a lighter shade of Blade , delivering brisk action and cutting comedy in equal measure .
Lacks anything vaguely resembling a plot , while failing to deliver suspense or thrills .
From what we can tell from the Blade series , vampires are as easy to kill as ducks and there 's no limit on them .
For a film whose story line turns on a miraculous feat of reanimation , this is a very lifeless effort .
Posey continues to find work , and even in a movie as beneath her as this one is , she 's always fully engaged . The rest of Blade : Trinity is content to coast .
As commanding as Snipes is , Blade : Trinity is not as involving as its predecessors , and Goyer seems increasingly to be primarily writing variations on the original .
Blade Trinity seems a smidgen too jazzed by its extravagant cruelty .
Reynolds is particularly hilarious as the new sidekick who thinks Blade is taking everything a little too seriously , even if the vampires are trying to turn humankind into their personal blood banks .
Vampire stories are meant to be frightening . They 're meant to keep us awake at night , trembling with fear at an oversexed man with overlong canines . After Blade : Trinity , it 's time to put the gothic back in goth .
While the first two movies were efficient if not highbrow entertainment , the latest film abandons even the pretense of having a story .
With his chiselled face and geometric haircut , black leather jacket and stiff posture , Snipes shows an expressive range slightly greater than an obsidian column .
Three vampire hunters are just as good as one , and with some stylized , guns-a-blazin ' kung-fu action , Blade : Trinity is just as solid -- and as much fun -- as the first two movies .
Plays more like a collection of wild embellishments than a deeply satisfying movie .
Snipes is now the least interesting thing on the screen and appears to have zero connection to the Smells-Like-Teen-Spirit irony which this final chapter is trying to tap .
It 's a typical vehicle for comic-book corn with elaborate plot contrivances , assaultive explosions , stereotypical characters and a laughable sense of gravitas .
Goyer remixes Blade with less effects , more humor and new characters to achieve one hell of an entertaining ride .
It 's a 100-mph , 100-minute seizure-inducing music video loaded with leather , guns and Goth delights .
A campy , vampy romp , with caustic sarcasm from Ryan Reynolds and former art-house princess Parker Posey making it all hum along .
This messy action-horror film is by far the most unpleasant , most unwatchable movie in what 's already been a pretty sketchy trilogy .
Brings this three-part tale of a vampire hunter -LRB- Wesley Snipes -RRB- to a close with more of a shrug than a shriek .
One of the prime laws of the multiplex states that any action or horror movie series will devolve into ritualized violence , self-mocking camp , and egregious silliness by part three . Blade : Trinity is right on schedule .
It lacks the sharp narrative line and crisp comic-book clarity of the earlier films , and descends too easily into shapeless fight scenes that are chopped into so many cuts that they lack all form or rhythm .
This script is embarrassingly sloppy .
The weapon to kill the vampires makes no sense ... It 's okay to have a stupid plan . It 's okay to have an illogical plan . But it ca n't be both .
Three exploding vampires are kind of invigorating . Yet 30 ? Not so interesting .
Blade : Trinity is blunt-witted , visually pedestrian , and overly long .
Even Parker Posey 's turn as a campy vampiress feels phoned in , as if she is making bank in order to stomach the deferred or minimal pay of her next ten indie pet projects .
An unnecessary third installment of an action-movie franchise running on fumes .
It does have a few laughs , but it 's time to end the franchise when the best thing about the movie is Ryan Reynolds ' abs .
He 's big , he 's bad , and he bites back . Wesley Snipe 's `` Blade : Trinity '' is campy good fun .
Blade : Trinity is by far the worst of the Blade movies , but for diehard fans of the comic book , it still may hold some excitement .
Almost as entertaining on purpose as it is by accident , Blade 3 is equal parts kinetic mayhem and bloody burlesque . But it moves real quick and it sure is n't boring .
If Blade himself ca n't carry a movie with his own name on it , then perhaps the time has come to hang up the stakes for good .
Blade : Trinity gives us front row seats to watch the end of Wesley 's career and the career of Parker `` Former Indie Queen '' Posey .
Lacks anything resembling an original , absorbing tale .
The third installment of the Blade series is a choppy , forgetful , suspense-free romp that substitutes campy humor for chills .
Let 's face it : the Blade movies have always been better than they should 've been ...
Instead of building on its predecessors , Blade : Trinity feels cheap , compromised , and plumb tuckered out .
It 's not original , but it does what it does well , and it 's a lot better than Underworld .
Blade : Trinity is a carbon copy of its predecessors . It 's all kick-ass attitude and style without any substance to back it up .
-LSB- Goyer -RSB- achieves an equitable balance between grim gore and sneaky humor .
From his director 's chair , Goyer gives the film an adult stylishness that borders on the genuinely artistic .
Goyer makes a strong series debut as a visual stylist , though he 's handicapped by his own , at times , bloodless script .
It 's silly , violent fun , sometimes mindlessly entertaining but hardly , if ever , engaging .
It 's sad to see Wesley Snipes standing around on the sidelines while his franchise is hijacked by a bunch of obnoxious , wisecracking white kids .
Most writers think you should choose one plot and stick to it . But Goyer decided that instead of going with just one plot possibility , he could go with several .
Blade does n't need backup , and in Blade II when he had it , he was happy to feed his backup to the bad guys whenever it suited him .
Aside from the effectively staged action sequences Trinity is cheap-looking and laughably inept .
... filled with characters straight out of central casting .
It 's a ` ten-minute movie . ' Watching any ten minutes is more than enough .
One ca n't fault Wesley Snipes for dragging his aging body for a third installment of the financially successful `` Blade '' series ... **
Only for Blade fans .
Damn good fun ...
what you might expect from a teenager : a quick-paced arcade game set to an obnoxiously loud , mind-numbing metal , hip-hop , and techno score
One dull ` Blade ' ... even for a vampire series , this one is getting very long in the tooth .
Blade : Trinity begins with the vamps digging up the long-dormant Dracula , who is apparently a Slovakian runway model enamored of bare-chested couture .
David S. Goyer scrapped what made the first two Blade films so much fun and replaced it with a cast and soundtrack that only a 14-year-old mall-rat could love .
Blade : Trinity wo n't linger in the memory long , but gives pretty good action eye-candy while it 's going .
A sad way to end the series -- not with a bang , but with a simper .
The movie is present , sexy and fun , but it 's probably time to give this franchise - and Snipes ' permanent scowl - a rest .
Harmless but shallow , cinematic junk food that goes down with ease but has no nutritional value and will be forgotten about almost immediately after devouring it .
Should reasonably please fans of the genre before assuming its place in the horror section of your local video store .
Parker Posey , in a series of increasingly scary hair-dos , -LSB- gives -RSB- a stumbling , zoned-out performance that could easily be interpreted as a cry for help .
Goyer flounders around like an indecisive movie buff indulging in every special effects-laden trick in the Directing 101 handbook .


@highlight

Louder , campier , and more incoherent than its predecessors , Blade : Trinity seems content to emphasize style over substance and rehash familiar themes .