Meet the Robinson tasted like chicken - Chicken Little , that is .
Flashes of wit and whimsy notwithstanding , the future is just as sentimentalized as the past .
A baby being left on the doorstep of an orphanage has been done many times , yet Meet the Robinsons makes it feel new again , and not just because of the fantastic 3-D technology .
A hilarious and adorable science fiction film with great animation , top notch voice work , and sharp humor ...
... the movie possesses an unusually bright and colorful sense of style that immediately sets it apart from its increasingly plentiful brethren .
Clever time-travel adventure for the whole clan .
Pleasant but insubstantial , and with characters whose eccentricities feel just a tad forced and artificial , this is a mild diversion of a film .
Despite its obvious shortcomings , Meet the Robinsons left me wanting a little more . It 's been a long , long time since a Disney film without a little lamp logo at the beginning has made me feel that way .
... a movie with its heart in the right place and its computers heading off in all different directions .
A film of terribly alienating character design -LRB- so many pinchy faces and tiny eyes ! -RRB- blended with very plastic-y backgrounds .
A sweetly-rendered story that also happens to look terrific .
Typical Disney claptrap .
click for full review
The film has a freewheeling , quick-hit absurdism closer to Airplane ! than Aladdin .
This shrine to Disney is really the world 's most overstuffed Hanna-Barbera cartoon , right down to its Gargamel-patterned villain .
Never convincing or compelling enough to stop us from keep moving forward past its ultimate position on the video store shelves
Prone to migraine headaches , I wish the frenzied pace of ` Meet the Robinsons ' had been toned down . Still , youngsters will probably love the ride .
A breath of fresh air after 2006 's `` The Wild '' and 2005 's `` Chicken Little . ''
Clever , fast-paced and kid-friendly , `` Meet the Robinsons '' if you want an enjoyable family outing .
The animation strives for 1950s sci-fi retro , but the result is that everyone looks like a plastic animé doll .
It 's very expensive to take your whole family to the movies these days and this is one movie that you will not feel as if you 've wasted your money .
I was so bored out of my skull than even a wayward reel of Raiders of the Lost Ark somehow slipping onto the projection booth platter probably would n't have stirred me out of my comatose state .
a nice adventure that 's years ahead of where Disney Animation has been lately .
Unremarkable except that it is the first wide release movie in a long time to use a really effective three-dimensional format .
Meet the Robinsons is a cheerful mess , a pretty good B movie , albeit with a first-class advertising budget .
What might have been a bland Back to the Future rip-off suddenly hums with a screwball sensibility chockablock with singing gangster frogs and evil bowler hats .
Suficientemente divertido para funcionar como um ótimo passatempo . E pelo menos representa um mais do que necessário descanso das animações digitais protagonizadas por animais falantes que tomaram conta dos cinemas nos últimos dois anos .
... too complicated for kids and too plot-holed for grownups .
Something like a Douglas Adams yarn for kids with ADD ...
The mantra in Meet the Robinsons is ` keep moving forward ' , but it 's in going back to traditional narrative and filmmaking values that helps set this animated romp apart from many of its contemporaries .
There is a strong sense around Meet the Robinsons that the folks at Disney are trying to find their bearings . Which leaves the film itself looking kind of lost .
What 3-D does n't do is make the movie terribly interesting for anyone past the age of fearing a violent loss of social status unless he or she gets a movie tie-in lunchbox .
At times hilariously wacky and deeply dramatic , this engaging adventure romp is entertaining from start to finish .
The pacing of this 3-D animation film is uneven , from slow and sad to madcap , but eventually all is explained and it turns out to be a decent time travel story .
Feels as though it might be better served as a television series than a movie , but it never bores .
Features some nice time travel-style twists of the sort that made Back to the Future so popular ...
The film is less a kiddie adventure in a futuristic world than it is an absurdist comedy that looks like a kiddie adventure .
Whether you see this loony , feel-good comedy in 3-D or in regular vision , it 's a lot of fun .
Family movie perfection .
Without the 3-D effect , Meet the Robinsons is just mediocre .
So breathlessly exciting , funny and inventive throughout that even if you are only able to see it in its 2-D incarnation , you are still left with an incredibly entertaining film .
... more suited to the smaller TV screen and it is only due to the power of 3D technology that the feature is coming to the local multiplex .
The craft of 3-D has come a long way , but with `` Meet the Robinsons '' it continues its tradition as a gimmick employed on second rate features .
Well , do n't worry . There 's a plot twist , which explains everything , and once we get there , the whole thing suddenly becomes crystal clear .
Frenetic and fanciful - with a confusing `` moving forward '' plot that encompasses abandonment , adoption , embarrassment and vengeance .
The rest of the time , the movie feels strangely antiquated , plagued by lifeless dialogue and a shocking lack of humor .
Loosely based on a children 's book by William Joyce , the film does a lot of twiddling with time .
There 's no doubt Disney will do it again , and perhaps better next time , but for now , it looks like technology could be its creative salvation .
The first 20 minutes of this competently animated kids ' adventure are entertaining enough . But thereafter , the plot fractures , the pace goes into overdrive and the jokes wear thin .
This wearisome tale of a lonely orphan who travels through time has a wacky exuberance small children will no doubt appreciate . Anyone older , though , will merely find it noisy and obnoxious .
Succumbs to the now standard overcaffeinated approach to storytelling that relies too much on rollercoaster thrills to stop the kids from fidgeting .
Meet the Robinsons frequently bogs down into endless exposition , with dialogue that is pleasant but rarely funny .
Brightly animated , inventive and frequently hilarious , this is an enjoyable adventure with colourful characters and a neat Back to the Future-inspired plot .
Meet the Robinsons an actively spunky futuristic sci-fi showcase ... one can not deny its spry presentation that gives the movie an infectious cheeky charm .
if you can adjust to its loopy rhythm and its tendency to digress at every opportunity , ` Robinsons ' is enjoyably offbeat and , if you see it in digital 3-D , a dazzling visual experience .
Even if you look forward to meeting the Robinsons , after ninety minutes you 'll probably be happy to take your leave of them .
Executed with a whimsical light touch and loads of heart , it 's character-centric rather than slapstick , and completely charming
Meet the Robinsons is surely one of the worst theatrically released animated features issued under the Disney label in quite some time .
Offers impressive visuals , engaging action scenes and funny moments .
Giddily inventive , cute , charming , even wry .
The 3-D effects are clean , crisp and fun , and worth seeking out ; although it may increase the sensory overload for the very young .
A fast paced , high energy offering ; it passes by in a breeze and is enjoyable enough that I 'm willing to forgive the two awful songs -LRB- one near the beginning , one near the end -RRB- and recommend it .
It 's got wit , heart , and razzle-dazzle to spare .
Meet the Robinsons has six writers credited to a picture that has maybe five good laughs . And at least four of those writers must have had advanced cases of attention deficit disorder .
Too fluffy to hate , too friendly to condemn , and too sweetly bright not to smile just a little at its antics .
A witty , inventive CG adventure that proves there are still new ideas to explore in the digital animation realm .
A delightful , quirk-filled riff on Back to the Future .
The computer animation is fine , and some of the creatures -- an R2D2-type robot , a purple octopus who doubles as the Robinsons ' butler , and a bowler hat that has silvery spider legs and designs on taking over the world -- will tweak kids ' imaginations .
The movie is inventive and fun with a significant message that manages not to be overbearing . There are some heart-tugging -- but not sappy -- moments .
Leave your sense of logic at the door or you 'll be driven to distraction by annoying ` How come ... ' questions .
What might the man who brought us Fantasia and Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs make of the backwards-crawling tedium of movies like this ?
A 3-D fantasy that 's lovely to look at but less than delightful to know . It 's insistently , relentlessly busy .
The mishmash wo n't offend kids , but it wo n't hold their interest for long . If only Walt had been around to think it through .
The movie is a mess .
Here 's to you , Meet the Robinsons . You really have taken digital 3-D animation to a somewhat ho-hum level .
For the beleaguered Disney Animation unit , Meet the Robinsons is indeed a step forward , a step in the right direction .
The bottom line here is that 3-D turns a just-OK movie into a should n't - miss experience .
Meet The Robinsons is a 3D outing so technically dazzling that you 'll hear people say `` Wow ! '' out loud in the theatre during the first few minutes . The problem ? The remaining 98 minutes .
Regardless of what you think of the story and characters in Robinsons , the film should be seen just for the technological advancement it represents .
A rock-solid piece of animated sci-fi comedy that 'll tickle the kids , amuse the parents , and leave everyone walking out of the theater on a sweet little flick-buzz .
Given its retro style and multiple borrowings , there 's nothing remotely forward about this rearward-facing flick . Those seven scribes are n't exactly practising what they 're preaching .
Grab a 10 year old , your 3D glasses and experience what these filmmakers certainly hope is the next dimension of interactive family entertainment .
Let 's do the time warp again in the imaginative , CGI-animated Meet the Robinsons , in which the past and the future collide , story-wise and technologically .
It probably wo n't leave you feeling cheated , but its futuristic bric-a-brac and brainy young hero may not make your spirits soar , either .
A year of disappointment in American animation leads me to this advice : Write a simple story . Read your dialogue out loud and hear if it rings true . Draw nice pictures to tell it .
It keeps moving forward , even if you 're not always sure where it 's taking you .
Though state-of-the-art technically , I think you 'll find there 's a healthy , old-fashioned feel to this movie -- one that will make you walk out of the theater feeling satisfied , and all warm 'n fuzzy inside .
It 's striking not for its originality but for its energy in juggling familiar elements .
Despite a relatively simple storyline about an orphan in search of a family , the rather complex machinations keep pushing the narrative ahead so as to not allow too much time to dwell on the how or why .
Almost as funny as it is hyperactive , the new computer-animated family comedy is luscious to look at and as fizzy as a can of soda popped open in your face .
The frenetic pace is a tad bewildering when it comes time to fulfill the movie 's title and meet the Robinsons
An eye-popping , madcap adventure with a real heart and great characters well in keeping with the sterling tradition of the Disney classics so many of us grew up on
Although sometimes too frenetic for its own good , Meet the Robinsons still manages to awe and inspire with its earnest messages and digital 3-D brilliance .
... lacks the energy and wit of any random episode of Jimmy Neutron .
Tries and fails a few times before getting on track and delivering an hour of comedy that ranges from the slapstick to the surreal , accompanied by some good ol' Disney sweetness .
The best animated Disney movie in years .
Whatever the movie had to go through to become what it is now , it works .
The film is a marvel from a visual perspective ; it 's the narrative I have a problem with .
Some of the best work Disney has done in at least a decade .
Meet the Robinsons is a mess , and a sadistically uninspired one at that .
entertaining without getting too scary for kids , too dumb for parents or too outlandish for movie lovers .
Flaws aside , the film accomplishes its mission of entertaining the kids while not completely alienating the parents . And hey , at least it does n't have penguins .
Meet the Robinsons is n't soaked in obnoxious pop culture references , but its vision of the future is as safe to the eyes as a Candy Land game board .
And to think ... this movie might actually get kids interested in science .
Any movie that has a chorus of frogs singing Big Band music and a healthy respect for failure is worth seeing .
An ideal film for both bookwormy kids and tech-savvy parents .
Zippy if forgettable .
Despite the occasional winning laugh line and beautiful animation , Meet the Robinsons is a disappointing outing for the Disney animation studios .
A cartoon that is busy and frenetic yet has little actually going on .
It 's certainly one of the more imaginative-looking Disney cartoons in recent memory . It also has one of the better stories for a Disney-released cartoon produced by Pixar , even if portions seem ripped off from the Back to the Future movies .
The plot is slapdash and derivative .
Simply put , it 's terrific .
Persistence pays , so says this rocketeering children 's fantasy . It 's a claim this delightful computer-animated film also proves .
If you stick with it , it 's an enjoyable film , a futuristic puzzle with an ending worth the trip for those who make it there .
This 3-D digital adventure cribs from several other films , but its pace , wittiness , and technical brilliance may help you forget all that .
Better than the 3-D movies at Disney World but nothing special on the big screen .
The Robinsons might not be a family you want to hang out with , but they sure were fun to meet in this imaginative and beautiful 3-D experience .
This would be as delightful and attractive a production without the gimcrackery .
A sharp-minded , plenty entertaining toon that will keep children of all ages wide-eyed and on their toes .
The fact is Meet the Robinsons is a mess -- a sometimes fun but mostly frustrating mess .
Strikes the right notes as a fast-paced comedy , a touching but not saccharine slice-of-life , and a valuable learning tool for children .
Even with its faults , Meet the Robinsons is fun on its own account whether you see it in 3-D or not .
An overstuffed movie with a style of storytelling that 's like a kid in a toy store : What 's that ? Wait , what 's that ? Or that ? Ooooh , shiny ! But the film 's achievement is that , between manic episodes , it 's also very touching .
3-D is an acquired taste I 've never acquired , but the success of Robinsons is n't contingent on effects , but on wit and emotion .
It 's got a ton of energy , and the 3D animation is nifty . But the humor is scattershot to the max , and the plot lacks focus .
Computer-generated ingenuity and a strong story line brighten the zillionth unexamined delivery of ameliorative Disney boosterism : Never mind the past , always go forward .
It 's a real technical breakthrough , a cartoon feature done in 3D computer images of unusual depth and plasticity that creates its own crazy world and then dunks you in it .
Most of Meet the Robinsons plays like a movie made by ADD adults for ADD children .
Like many worthwhile movies , this one 's about the longings of the heart , and the happiness that comes when those longings are fulfilled . The 3-D and singing frogs are extra . Wo , wo , wo .
Adults should only attend if they 've got a young one in tow or are really into singing frogs and goofy dinosaurs .
Even in its messiness , -LRB- it -RRB- at least suffers from wild ambition , not laziness . And I 'd rather have a family movie go over kids ' heads than insult their intelligence .
This thing is one bumpy ride .
Here , the effects spring organically from the story . You feel like you 're immersed in a complete universe , the way the ground slopes toward you or objects seem to come from behind you and enter the screen .
This is eye candy with a hollow centre .
Kids will enjoy the colourful animation and fun characters , but adults will wish it all made a bit more sense .
The characters are beautifully drawn and engaging , and in the madcap world in which Lewis is taken , he feels more at home than he has ever felt . And this weird and scintillating family shows him genuine affection



@highlight

Meet the Robinsons is a visually impressive children 's animated film marked by a story of considerable depth .