While the dreamlike imagery is lovely and attempting to solve Sorrentino 's ambiguous themes will probably help you develop a strong mental stamina , it 's not an experience many would consider unpretentious .
There are several major problems with Youth . What it has to say about youth , maturity and old age remains unclear .
his can be seen as a companion piece to Sorrentino 's The Great Beauty , exploring as it does the process of growing older ... Sorrentino 's triumph is that he does this in a way that 's both beautiful and life-affirming , yet also heart-breaking .
It 's a film that engages you in many small ways even if the plot thread tying everything together is never quite satisfying .
Youth , with an innocent and wandering eye , minimizes the glamor and privilege , spotlighting a common humanity that tends to succumb to invisibility .
The offbeat teaming of Caine and Keitel anchors this wryly humorous Alpine-set fantasia , rich in beguiling images and suffused with a quiet , sensual melancholy .
The world of Youth , confined for the most part to the sanatorium and the mountains that surround it , can feel hermetically sealed .
Youth has nothing new to say , its Italian thematic aesthetic nothing more than a mask for an emotional schadenfreude impossible to take pleasure in .
A sometimes Felliniesque exercise in irksome pretension and confounding indulgence grounded by two tremendous performances and somehow , despite itself , offering flashes of profound loveliness .
Here gorgeous visuals and great music - no spoilers - do wonders for eyes and ears while Caine and his co-stars prove the best of visitors to both head and heart .
Caine , Keitel , Weisz , Dano , -LSB- and -RSB- Fonda all deliver their characters with aplomb .
It 's cinema-as-drug , and while there is certainly a human dimension underlying this , the film 's raw pleasure as a surface-level object does n't necessarily insist on our doing that much digging .
A nonstop and tiring collection of pretentious videos . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
There 's much to like about Youth : It 's charming and funny , with some strong performances from the ensemble cast . Yet Sorrentino 's eagerness to elicit swoons from the audience can feel a bit too calculated at times .
Two great veteran actors from either side of the Atlantic do their best with frustratingly uneven material .
Although Youth is more uneven than its predecessor , a string of powerful images linger long after the credits have rolled .
Director Paolo Sorrentino achieves a film as beautifully visual as it is deep , filled with interesting characters and a narrative that is almost hypnotic . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Incredible reflection about age and friendship with unforgettable performances . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The interaction between the main characters barely sustains the film , that 's why he has to dress up his film with many subplots that really do n't add anything . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Fellini 's and Tornatore 's spirit incarnated in a single director who revels in creating a style of his own . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
There 's no doubt that there 's some genious in Youth , however , the drector does n't really know when too much is too much . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Sorrentino 's greatest films are those where his characters go through doubt and desperaton to find brief moments of beauty in forgiveness and solitude . This is one of them . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Keitel 's and Caine 's performances help their characters keep their importance and never lose purpose , thanks to the way they say every line , every reflection , they can easily make the audience laugh or think . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film that goes from insightful passages full of sincerity to ones that feel like a bluff , from enchantment to disenchantment like nothing . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Sorrentino and his team are incapable of shooting something that looks bad , but the film is all style and no content . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Paolo Sorrentinos name has become guarantee of a beautifully crafted film with a meaningful script that does n't disappoint . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Youth , beauty , sex , the past , life ... those are some of the thing Sorrentino invites us to reflect upon in his latest film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Every moment in Youth is filled with thoughts about life and the passing of time , dressed with nostalgia for a `` better `` past and touching on themes that consern us all . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Gloating in a lush visual style that results in a forced poetic full of simple metaphors . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The film offers many reflections on youth , beauty , love , sex , decadence , fidelity , the past , the future , art , desire , death , fathers , sons , regrets , friendship and marriage . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Caine and Keitel could have acted this on their sleep , but they bring much melancholy to this uneven story by Sorrentino . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This time you wo n't see the opulence of his last film , but that does n't mean it 's not filled with excess , arbitrariness and self indulgence typical of Sorrentino 's work . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A captivating and magnetic tale about creation , art and contempt . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A brilliant yet emotional film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Michael Caine and Harvey Keitel give memorable performances . How they build their characters is worthy of a masterclass . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This being Sorrentino , the film has an almost symphonic feel ; images and music are perfectly choreographed . ... It 's a perfect cinematic cocktail -- dizzying and dazzling .
Keeping the plot relatively grounded is the film 's wonderfully hand-picked cast , who , without a single exception , all turn in charming performances .
Artfully dreamlike and boasting towering performances by three legendary actors , Youth is a mesmerizing meditation on age , beauty and friendship
A decidedly mixed bag of a film , varying wildly in quality on almost a scene-by-scene basis .
Sorrentino 's work is n't to everyone 's taste , his films can be a bit langorous and obtuse , so it depends on whether you find the pay-off worth it . If you do , this is excellent .
How the hell did Paolo Sorrentino 's latest not dominate awards season ? Spotlight and The Big Short are timely films . Youth is timeless .
Sorrentino 's lush cinematography captures the decadent beauty of wealth at the Swiss Alps resort , but also the claustrophobic , disconnected quality of spaces occupied by the hyper-privileged .
This new attempt by Italian director Sorrentino gets lost in translation . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Youth might not be the most bedazzling of Sorrentino 's films -- then again , how could one ever outdo The Great Beauty ? But it is indeed the director 's most compassionate and affecting film to date .
Overwrought nine-tenth-life crisis drama ; not even a great cast can create sympathy for the artistic and existential turning points on arty display .
Absurd but at the same time profound , this is a rare movie find . I have seen it twice and plan to see it again .
Does Sorrentino attempt to tackle too much in this film ? Possibly , though I would rather see a director experimenting with too many ideas than scraping the barrel with too few . Youth is a rich and rewarding experience .
While Youth may not be his worst film , it is his most pretentious and bombastic .
Caine is terrific -- inscrutable and distant , but evidently there are depths behind his oversized horn-rimmed glasses .
Paolo Sorrentino 's script and direction are indulgent and extravagant , his words and pictures thoughtfully considered for comedy , character and quiet provocation .
It manages to be both pithy and pretentious .
Sorrentino 's Youth is sublime .
Youth is as psychologically savvy as it is beautiful .
Youth largely consists of a bunch of people rambling around a resort doing nothing . But I ca n't think of a better bunch of people to ramble around and do nothing with .
Caine and Keitel are great together and Sorrentino delivers some typically gasp-inducing visual flourishes . But it 's also unmistakably indulgent and , save for a few scenes , does n't quite deliver the insightful meditation on ageing it promises .
Sorrentino wants to say something profound about illnesses that bury loved ones alive . But the pompous lines kill the mood .
Meandering and inconsequential .
-LSB- A -RSB- relentlessly stylish , operatic parade of grotesque characters and wistful regret .
Occasionally the warring elements come together , finding plaintive and heartfelt song amid the cacophony of seemingly random voices .
In his culminating despair , Keitel says : `` We 're all just extras . '' You would n't want to be even that here ...
Sorrentino has enough standing to attract stars of the calibre of Caine , Keitel and even Jane Fonda ... It 's just that its messages ... are rather beneath them . All that effort is wasted on Youth .
The film is far too flighty to allow its actors to bring much depth or pathos to their characters .
Youth is a bizarrely disjointed affair , never less than visually stylish but quite often less than comprehensible .
Caine makes hay with a soulful role that brings his playful , world-weary charm to the fore , sparking quietly with Keitel , who gives generous , easy-going support .
A joyous , gently moving experience anchored by a fearless central turn from Michael Caine .
An Alpine study of ageing and creativity that 's as fresh and bracing as the mountain air , although occasionally just as chilly .
A film that it 's all over itself and yet works . -LSB- Full review in Spanihs -RSB-
... little like thumbing through the pages of a high-end lifestyle magazine , perhaps something with Aficionado in its name .
Michael Caine and Harvey Keitel have great chemistry as best pals holed up in a swanky Swiss sanatorium .
Youth is a hodgepodge of music and dissonance .
`` Youth '' may appeal most to those of a certain age , if you will , but it is a cinephile 's dream , both a symphony for the ears and a feast for the eyes of any generation .
Not since `` The Grand Budapest Hotel ' has a film blended so smoothly the elements of fact and fantasy with a quirky and whimsical cast as `` Youth . ''
We 're all just extras
Sorrentino 's symphony of imagery eventually builds to so many crescendos that it leaves the audience as worn out as the melancholy protagonist .
Irony , cynicism , and lots of heart filled with melancholly make this a great film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Youth is a movie of dreamscapes and insinuated feelings , gorgeous and puzzling at once . The filmmaker can be considered a visual descendant of Federico Fellini , camera doting on erotically tinged fantasies . Even the grotesque is somehow sexy .
Resplendent and fraudulent .
More than almost any other filmmaker working today , Sorrentino 's visual style is strikingly matched to music .
Youth is at its best with the conversations between Fred and Mick , which range from downright dislike to a sort of kinship , especially when there is a beautiful woman nearby .
Youth functions effortlessly on a hypnotic ebb and flow , and climaxes in a final sequence that is resonant and moving . We watch films in the hope that we get to have experiences like this .
It 's a movie where very little really happens , and sometimes it feels as placidly shallow as the pools where the spa 's guests soak themselves , but there 's always something fascinating going on .
The drama , set in a swank Swiss resort is n't about one thing , it is about everything , and that is its problem . It is messy . It is all over the place , but there are some great performances in it , and it looks good , too .
Paolo Sorrentino clearly means for this to register as his version of Federico Fellini 's 8-1/2 , but the most it can muster is a 5-1/2 .
Sumptuous , sincere and built on aging bones , `` Youth '' is a wonder of a film , a look back at life 's sprawling possibilities , dark corners and aspirations .
` Youth ' is a handsomely photographed , well acted movie . It is also distant and uninvolving .
` Youth , ' written and directed by Paolo Sorrentino , has no plot to speak of . It simply eavesdrops on a couple of old men exchanging views on various subjects .
Age is more than just a number , Youth tells us . What really matters , though , is whether you 're going to let that number define you .
The best film of the year has arrived - a grand banquet of sight and sound that is at once funny and tragic . This is an absolute must-see .
Though a tenderly reflective tone is very carefully sustained throughout Youth , this beguiling mood piece is also pulsing with a restless energy that will keep viewers engaged and alert .
It may not be a `` great beauty '' like the director 's previous offering , but it 's still one of the prettiest films of the year and proves again that Sorrentino is arguably the most visionary poet in cinema today .
Weisz 's heartfelt anger and pain suddenly show us what the movie might have been , before she and everyone else slip back into a doze .
Perhaps a largely inert movie about two older men hanging out in a Swiss luxury spa would have been a hard sell otherwise , but Youth has the capacity to pleasantly surprise its audience -- and it does so repeatedly .
Despite the gorgeous images and the presence of Michael Caine and Harvey Keitel , doing what amounts to an engaging thespian soft-shoe routine , this reverie on coming to terms with growing old comes across as both pretentious and prosaic .
Italy 's Paolo Sorrentino is one of the most exciting filmmakers around .
With so much effort spent mocking the spa time of the grotesque and wealthy , it 's hard to care about people randomly shoved to the foreground .
Youth skilfully evokes the joy and melancholy of time as it passes , the yearning for new experience that drives us on even as our ability to seize it wanes .
Watching Youth , you 'd swear Fellini had risen from his grave and returned to make another movie .
A curious mixture of Thomas Mann 's `` Magic Mountain '' and Fellini . Despite its grim topic , the so-called `` mortality zone ' as Tom Brokaw put it , it is a drily comic masterwork .
Youth may not be as culturally specific as The Great Beauty or Sorrentino 's other Italian-language films , but its universal story of how to deal with the passing of time and with changing circumstances is told with precision and tender serenity .
This is an uneven movie , but it does offer pleasure : all those handsome surfaces and green hills . If our culture fetishizes youth , this movie at least comes down on the side of experience and age , even as it chronicles the pains of growing old .
A distinctive and alluring blend of soul searching and philosophical musings amid the challenges of conscious aging .
Youth is a meditation on aging , on friendship , on love , loss , wisdom , disillusionment , pain .
I liked it , once I gave in to its charms and chose to ignore its shortcomings .
In short , the movie is a masterpiece , with Fellini-esque visions emerging throughout , perfectly captured by cinematographer Luca Bigazzi .
There is little life here . Only artifice . And some howlingly awful dialogue .
Rumination and regret dominate the proceedings , but the exquisite visual splendor of the film is a character in its own right and lightens the tone just enough to keep it from tipping over into the maudlin . Certain perfect sequences stay with you .
The trite , disappointing Youth , like its two heroes , never steps outside the spa 's nostalgic comforts . Even its final concert scene , presented as a triumph , feels like a retreat into familiar flattery and self-regard .
Absolutely beautiful and sometimes maddening while never offering easy answers .
This is a work of gorgeous , eye-popping visual inventiveness with a radically bananas plot .
It is the scale and sheer audacity of Paolo Sorrentino 's seductive drama that elevates it into a class of its own . It 's remote yet accessible ; realistic yet surreal ; aloof yet personal
Writer-director Paolo Sorrentino -LRB- The Great Beauty -RRB- has made something of a crowd pleaser , a gorgeous consideration of the artistic impulse that yields up its fruits without too much of a struggle .
Save for a pair of profound moments , do n't be surprised if your mind frequently wanders off during Youth , despite all its weighty subjects arbitrarily hammered on screen .
Linear and allusive , indulging in luscious and trippy imagery , made by a director who conveys more visually than through dialogue ... It 's Luca Bigazzi 's cinematography that will linger .
With toppling confidence , and an unstoppably lapidary style , candied , swooning , Youth follows 8 1/2 as surely as his Oscar-winning The Great Beauty followed La Dolce Vita ... The camera tracks and glides .
Film is a medium that consecrates memory , which makes it an especially apt metaphor in a movie about two old men .
Langourus , Fellini-esque ... But Keitel seems miscast and it goes on one scene too long .
For a long two hours , Sorrentino flatters old white men , devalues women , and annoys with his lush coffee-table-book photography as he plays his own ` Simple Songs ' of frustrated old age and tantalizing youth ...
The irony of Youth is that the ideas presented in them are older than the cast .
There 's a reckless energy with which it lunges from one ga-ga visual flourish to another , consistency and coherence be damned .
Sorrentino paints a friendship between a pair of octogenarians that feels lived-in . And it rings even more authentic in the largely capable hands of Keitel and Caine , two acting vets with street cred to burn .
Michael Caine , superb as always , is back at work in this sublimely visual treatise on ...
Sorrentino shoots with an understanding of character and an understanding of what makes a story so all-encompassing .
Ravishing , elegant , elegiac , no one evokes the great tradition of Italian cinema like Sorrentino . Fonda blazes .
Youth has a lot to say , and boy , does the movie ever say it .
A pretentious misfire that made me feel as if I had aged years rather than the two hours or so that had passed by . -LRB- Full Content Review - Violence , Sex , etc. - for Parents also available -RRB-
The two veterans play off each other splendidly ; other eccentric characters weave in and out winningly as well .
In Youth , the greatest pleasure to be had is to enter into the whole human comedy at all .
There 's real humanity here , and it may hit closer to home than you 'd expect .
` Tremendous effort with a modest result , '' says the old man to his old friend . He 's talking about raising children to adulthood , but the sentiment could just as easily apply to `` Youth , '' the ambitious but lackluster new film by Italy 's Paolo Sorrentino .
How much better is it to experience a film overflowing with so many elements than one that has to stretch its content just to get to the finish line ?
Youth drifts along easily , moving from truism to truism like a well-thumbed book of quotations .
Youth is imperfect and it meanders , but Caine and Keitel bring this thing to life with gusto .
Sounds like a cliché , but in the hands of the great Paolo Sorrentino -LRB- of The Great Beauty , last year 's foreign-language film Oscar winner -RRB- , it 's a wonder .
Sorrentino still has a knack for framing his constantly lovely images like he 's shooting a Cinerama travelogue , and they demand to be seen on as big a screen as possible .
I 'm not sure the buzz of watching it is worth the headache the morning after .
One of the most beautiful dumpsters I 've ever seen .
Youth is a multifaceted story of human lives that never takes the cheap exit .
Idiosyncratic and exquisite , it 's an empathetic meditation on the human spirit - as both Caine and Keitel deliver subtle , multi-layered performances , among the best of their respective careers .
To call this misty , low-risk collection of calculated revelations a high-toned The Bucket List would be a disservice to Rob Reiner .
The biggest fault Youth has , and it is a large problem , is its desire to only show the world from the male perspective .
A sumptuous and poignant ode to beauty and ambition even in one 's twilight years .
One way to get the most out of Youth ... is just to let its ravishing images and gorgeous soundtrack of Stravinsky and Florence & the Machine ooze over you .
... a well acted and visually striking study of guilt , grief , mortality , and loneliness that also somehow manages to be uplifting .
Though often beautiful , this is an emotionally paralyzed film about emotionally paralyzed people .
Sorrentino 's magic is all smoke and mirrors . People calling this movie a visual feast must be awfully famished .
It 's a bit like listening to opera sung in English : as romantic as a schoolyard chant - delivered by a pretentious soprano who holds each note far too long .
The film mostly plays like an extended spa stay , and , like with any superior vacation , what you find in it , and what you take away from it , is probably your own . Here 's the rare film that refreshes .
Glorious Sorrentino film acknowledges that even at the end of the ever-diminishing day , ` youth ' might still be considered a fountain within reach . Even at the age of 80 .
Each imagistic sequence in `` Youth '' is like an island that happens to be united to other free-standing islands . Each scene has a life of its own .
The film 's greatest strength is its major team-up . Caine and Keitel have an electric chemistry when they 're onscreen together ...
Good as it looks , the film starts to feel like an airline magazine collaboratively produced by the editorial staffs of Playboy and Modern Maturity .
The impermanence of life , the fragility of love , the persistence of desire : These are the issues that swirl around a Swiss spa and its luxuriating inhabitants in Youth .
Hardy 's tour de force performance notwithstanding , Legend does n't quite qualify as a Brit gangster classic .
Original and unpredictable , Youth trusts its audience 's curiosity and powers of perception .
Quixotic , idiosyncratic , effortlessly moving , it 's as much a cinematic essay as anything else , a meditation on the wonders and complications of life , an examination of what lasts , of what matters to people no matter their age .
As with his Oscar-winning The Great Beauty , Italian director Paolo Sorrentino brings a gorgeous , dreamy visual style to this drama , even if it 's not quite as profound as it wants to be .
From early on my strong desire was for this horribly pretentious phantasmagoria to be over .
The filmmaker is in need of self editing , his ideas spiraling in too many directions , his points often dropping like two ton weights . But he ends on a soaring note , his finale featuring soprano Sumi Jo a thing of great beauty indeed .
What bonds the movie 's many , sometimes clashing elements is Caine 's embodiment of the rueful yet accepting Fred .
Fasten your seat belts for Jane Fonda , who gives a seismic jolt to Paolo Sorrentino 's exquisite meditation on art and aging .
The performances carry it to a point , but then you realize that Youth is n't saying anything new , nor is it saying anything old in a fresh way .
It 's music for the eyes .
It 's hard to imagine a universe in which Caine and Keitel are best friends , yet they have a frisky , undeniable chemistry . Their scenes are magic .
It can be a struggle to figure out what Sorrentino wants from his feature , but when all else fails the effort , the ensemble is there to provide a passable sense of focus , creating memorable scenes of introspection .
At once visually stunning and a candidate for the season 's most irritating and pretentious work .
A lovely interweave of comedy and caprice and of contemplative ironies , as with ` The Great Beauty , ' yet this film plays it coy , making it harder to connect with .
A feast of eye-popping visuals and eye-roll-inducing dialogue .
... a striking piece of work that lingers in one 's mind long after the end credits have rolled .
You may feel yourself getting older just watching it .
Michael Caine wears the same expression as when he 's doing paycheck dreck like ` The Swarm ' or ` On Deadly Ground , ' only for a film that knows exactly what it 's doing .
The movie is gorgeous , as you would expect from Sorrentino , but beauty this great can lead to suffocation . The plot goes round and round and nowhere ...
Paolo Sorrentino 's tendency to make characters mouthpieces for his petty grievances manifests most strongly , as usual , in resolutely two-dimensional women .
Michael Caine and Harvey Keitel excel as BFFs in this surrealistic meditation on mortality .
Just so much drivel .
Sorrentino mixes issues of mortality with ironic understatement and satiric wit in his unrushed vacation itinerary .
It 's art , man .
A Fellini-esque treat for eye and ear .
Moments of weirdness are spread throughout , yet they do n't distract from the overall emotional and visual impact of Youth , a film that 's funny in some parts , touching in others , and captivating as a whole .
Sorrentino knows exactly where he 's heading and through all the absurd splashes of humour , delivers an incredibly poignant and invigorating ending .
-LSB- Michael Caine -RSB- reaffirms his versatility as an actor and , in tackling an issue that ca n't help but be near the forefront of his mind , delivers something evocatively raw .
With pompous sequences that may as well yell , `` metaphor alert , '' the problem is n't so much that Youth lacks subtlety but meaning .
Youth is a voluptuary 's feast , a full-body immersion in the sensory pleasures of the cinema .
An emotionally rich contemplation of life 's wisdom gained , lost and remembered -- with cynicism harping from the sidelines , but as a wearied chord rather than a major motif .
There are elements of Fellini and Bill Forsyth 's Local Hero in the mix of nostalgia , musings on contemporary life and anecdotes . The story is told so far in the abstract that it never feels trite .
Sorrentino packs the film with entrancing images .
-LSB- A -RSB- highly imaginative , beautifully photographed film .
It 's a visual banquet of a film , which meditates on ageing with wit and tenderness .
Paolo Sorrentino 's new movie set in a Swiss sanatorium is a diverting , minor work , tweaked up with funny ideas and images and visually as stylish as ever .
Everything is ramped-up , hyper , effortful and constructed . Very rarely are things just allowed to be , a silence allowed to reign , or a real human moment allowed to bloom .
There are lightning-flashes of pure , ornamental brilliance throughout Paolo Sorrentino 's Youth , although there 's not much happening on the landscape they illuminate .
Youth , not at all helped by Sorrentino 's tin ear for English , does n't reach the heights of his Oscar-winning The Great Beauty .
Not all the best cinema works on unfiltered sensation , but Sorrentino 's definitely does .
Each frame seems to tell a story . The movie may be almost two hours , but Sorrentino insists that not one moment is wasted .
With each new twist , Sorrentino is always one step ahead of his audience , building a narrative that skips along at an enthralling pace .
Nobody else is making such operatic films half so well as Sorrentino .
Mannerism and pretension are offset by humour and a surprising amount of humanity here , making Youth a memorable -LRB- and finally affirmative -RRB- meditation on ageing and art .
It diverts more than it delights .
Every shot is a thing of beauty . For most of this film I had the impulse to hoist my camera and take a snapshot of it . It is just one dizzying image after another .
This flawed , lovely , odd film both displeases and delights .
The wry , flamboyant cinematic opera of Paolo Sorrentino reaches new heights of showy , utterly tasteful magnificence in Youth .
Beautiful but essentially superficial .
Michael Caine and Harvey Keitel make beautiful music together in a witty , wise and swooningly beautiful dramatic comedy .
-LSB- CANNES 2015 -RSB- There is something to savor in every minute of this brilliant picture .

@highlight

Gorgeously filmed and beautifully acted , Youth offers an enticing -- albeit flawed -- opportunity to witness an impressive array of seasoned veterans combining their cinematic might .