Gutierrez 's story is structurally clichéd ... but , worse still , his characters are uniformly unbelievable and two-dimensional .
It 's not pornography , but it evokes that same uneasy feeling that you 're watching something that 's so wrong but so right at the same time .
In the `` whatever were they thinking of '' genre , a new entry : Women in Trouble .
A lucky alchemy of writer and cast turns what could have been an indie bore into something surprisingly uproarious .
A good look at men dealing with women and a good look at the supposedly soft side of porn does n't make a good looking film .
A tedious dramady about an unappealing group of women in Los Angeles .
A sprightly , sexy , campy and outrageously funny ensemble comedy that 's best watched with an open mind and a large audience for maximum enjoyment .
The film has already reduced itself to an empty exercise in campy , color-bathed titillation , as a gaggle of women are defined by their sexual drives and abilities without comment from the filmmaker .
This forced , charmless multi-character movie pretends to show women in all their glorious variety , but it really just traffics in the same old cliches .
Apparently , in Gutierrez 's mind , expanding the range of humanity available to women on film means they can be porn stars or prostitutes ... and they can be catastrophically dumb ...
Mr. Gutierrez , as suggested by all the décolletage , appears to be a breast man . Too bad he did n't set his sights higher .
It 's a film with undeniably gorgeous parts that never quite develops into a sum .
Unlikely accidents , shared secrets and zany twists combine to whip up a pleasing froth .
The most jeopardy these women confronted was the day they said yes to Women in Trouble .
Unfortunately , while it is a great idea for a sketch , or a web series , it 's not a movie length idea .
Penthouse Forum meets Pedro Almodóvar in this frantic slice of trash-masquerading-as-class .
Too much of Women In Trouble settles for banal instances of infidelity , female bonding , or psychoanalysis when it needs to keep the action going . It 's fine to be inconsequential , as long as the charged-up frivolity never stops .
The attractive cast , notably the earthy Gugino , tries hard to invest the one-note characters with a degree of humanity , but are betrayed at every turn by the thin material .
The film borrows beaucoup Almodóvarisms -- multilayered hysterical heroines , a singular homo-ironic aesthetic -- and reduces them to Podunk wink-wink camp and carping-harpy heroines .
Women in Trouble awkwardly mixes blue material with sob stories .
At a particularly rundown corner of Almodóvar Boulevard and Tarantino Lane , you 'll find Women in Trouble , a limp , forgettable collection of interlocking tales all centering on the eponymous narrative setup .
Guys may remember this film as the finest collection of ladies who almost take it all off ever assembled . But in-between all the underwear and fetish outfits is a rather amusing collection of stories described by its very title .
This exuberantly uninhibited indie has the anything-goes spirit of something tossed off in a single burst of collaborative energy .
Gutierrez 's script ca n't supply female characters as believable as Almodovar 's , but in the director 's chair he gives his cast room to compensate with funny , self-aware performances .

@highlight

Sebastian Gutierrez certainly has an eye for the beauty of the female form , but Women in Trouble lacks a compelling script or point of view to go with its curvaceous visual appeal .