An emotionally wrenching story of survival and remembrance of things past .
The crumbs of happiness the filmmakers find to soothe us with are that learning Sarah 's story helps Julia come to terms with her own problems , a neat resolution that trivializes the story the filmmakers mean to illuminate .
Is n't it a little early in the year for Harvey Weinstein to be grubbing for Oscars already ?
Well executed and avoids histrionic manipulation , allowing just enough breathing room without truncating the raw emotion of the book .
Never quite finds the right balance between the grave consequences of its period scenes and the relative small beans of the present-day ones .
A film that plays as a guilty remembrance of a dark corner of French history tucked into a ticking clock thriller .
Thomas carries the weight of the movie , and her usual sangfroid works against her ; when she finally makes contact with the deported couple 's grandson , the story crumples into sentimentality
The emphasis on the writer 's relatively trivial if symbolic domestic woes -LRB- she experiences a ` miracle ' pregnancy in the midst of her research into death -RRB- detracts from the power of the wartime scenes .
Makes a powerful impact thanks to the vividness and urgency of its historical scenes .
I 'm delighted to see that the Weinstein Company is re-releasing one of the year 's most overlooked films , Sarah 's Key , the moving adaptation of Tatiana De Rosnay 's international best-seller . It 's one of the year 's best films .
A very good film that ought to have been a great film , but greatness ultimately proves beyond its grasp -- if only just .
Teary-eyed absorbing Holocaust story .
Loses some force in its latter half but the key story remains gripping . Unlocks 70-year-old horrors so the present ca n't shut the door on past complicities and crimes .
Sarah 's Key a poignant tribute to perseverance .
It 's a harrowing story of a young girl trying to survive the extermination of everyone she knows . It 's also a story of an upper-middle class woman dealing with an unhappy marriage . You just ca n't give these two things equal weight in a movie .
Sarah 's Key is elevated by luminous performances by two actresses -- veteran Kristin Scott Thomas and 10-year old Melusine Mayance . Fortunately their talent often is able to transcend the contrivances that mar the plot .
The performances by Kristin Scott Thomas and especially Melusine Mayance -LRB- as the young Sarah -RRB- are key to the picture 's success .
Anything that might convey the genuine horror of the monstrous acts committed against French Jews is delicately avoided by director Gilles Paquet-Brenner 's respectful Steadicam .
Scott Thomas 's portrayal of her character 's emotional transition ensures Sarah 's Key will keep your heart open .
French director Paquet-Brenner occasionally yields to melodrama , particularly in the final act , but he is resolute about not depicting all of his countrymen as Nazi stooges , since many were n't .
Although a wonderful story , it seems to come out in fits and starts . The slow , meandering pace may be a turnoff to those unfamiliar with the novel . Mayance , in her feature film debut , takes the cake in the acting category . Thomas is a. . .
`` Sarah 's Key '' uses this buried historical incident as a springboard for a potent tale of survival , guilt and hard-nosed reporting .
Were it not for the subtitles , this could easily go out on ITV primetime .
Overly elaborate Holocaust drama nevertheless benefits from the presence of Kristin Scott Thomas .
Should we remember every horrid detail of the past , or is it better to sometimes let the past go ? ... -LSB- T -RSB- his tough , starkly unsentimental film does not offer a definitive answer , except to suggest that there may be no good one .
... a stirring , emotionally wrenching drama that more than lives up to its source material ...
A heartbreaking portrayal of the difference between disagreement and distrust .
Mélusine Mayance is a revelation as young Sarah , who finds the resolve to carry on even when separated from her parents , or even any real hope for her family 's survival .
It is altogether too busy and complicated a narrative , the makers apparently mistaking confusion for complexity .
The film suffers because the story of Sarah and her bravery and loss back in 1942 are much more compelling and hard-hitting than the comparatively twee modern ` drama ' .
An eloquent and disturbing journey of a French girl surviving the Holocaust as it played out in that country . And reflecting the trend in movies like Inglorious Basterds and the Czech film Protecktor , focusing on the female experience of the Holocaust .
Thomas ' performance is one of brilliant restraint and believable naturalism .
Arriving hard on the heels of France 's ` La Rafle , ' a film telling a similar story , is France 's ` Sarah 's Key , ' another look at the events surrounding the 1942 Velodrome d'Hiver , or Vel d'Hiv incident , in Nazi-occupied Paris .
Both Sarah and Julia emerge as distinct characters whose experiences are hardly comparable but whose perseverance in the face of daunting odds is most honorable .
It 's a powerful and upsetting film with a real tear-jerking finale .
Based on a novel by Tatiana de Rosney , the picture is superbly acted , especially by 10-year-old Melusine Mayance as Sarah , and tense and distressing in parts .
Wildly inconsistent .
Sarah 's Key is directed with some sensitivity but seldom catches fire , and Scott Thomas is left adrift in a part that does n't quite match her abilities .
Strong work from Mayance and Thomas keeps Sarah 's Key from rusting amid the sometime soddenness of the script .
It is saved from dour didacticism by the power of the central child 's performance .
It does provide audiences with the satisfaction of seeing and hearing an important truth expressed , and that 's better than making you feel good . That 's making you feel something .
Things get a bit TV movie-ish . But Kristin Scott Thomas gives it weight .
Luckily , the movie has Scott Thomas . She knows her radiance ca n't be helped , so she uses it here like a searchlight .
Sarah 's Key looks like another classy French vehicle for Kristin Scott Thomas - we get one a summer . Sadly , it 's not to be trusted .
Another French-directed art movie with too many branches reaching in all directions .
Director Gilles Paquet-Brenner subtly contrasts Scott Thomas 's modern-day investigation with the tragic wartime experiences of Mayance 's title character , to show how one innocent mistake can resonate across time .
Worthy and tasteful but rarely convincing and increasingly dull , Sarah 's Key should open the door on more closeted skeletons than it does .
Scott Thomas is tremendous ... the emotional detail of her performance is never less than gripping , even as the film falters .
Impressively directed and sharply edited , this is an emotionally engaging and occasionally harrowing French drama with terrific performances from Melusine Mayance and Kristin Scott Thomas ...
Sarah 's Key is a superior `` woman in the present becomes obsessed with woman in the past '' narrative .
How did one of the greatest acts of genocide become the cathartic equivalent of a self-help book ?
Sincere and searing , it unlocks another guilt-ridden Holocaust tale .
The fluent past / present time-shifts are seasoned with moral ambiguity - as well as the possibility of fresh beginnings .
Exceptional turns by Mélusine Mayance and the ever-excellent Kristin Scott Thomas illuminate a tense and compelling story . The contrived modern-day framing works less well .
a consistently engrossing , sometimes stunning , but emotionally uneven film
Cloaks melodrama in a history lesson to personalize fraught events , trace how they were forgotten and rediscovered , with tears and some happiness found along the way .
A compelling , handsomely produced history lesson and personal drama ...
Oscar bait does n't come much glossier than Sarah 's Key , a combination Holocaust and woman 's empowerment tale ...
Based on a popular novel by Tatiana De Rosnay , Sarah 's Key has perhaps a few too many coincidences and complications , but its impact is undeniable . The scars of war never truly heal .
Thomas is reliably wonderful , but the movie lets her down .
A movingly told tale of tragedy and its consequences , not just for the players in the original tragedy but also for those touched by their actions , in an ever-widening circle of aftershocks .
A competent , slightly chilly drama referencing a shameful period in French wartime history .
Fans of the book will be glad to hear that it 's a faithful adaptation , if markedly less compelling than de Rosnay 's prose .
`` Sarah 's Key , '' based on the novel by Tatiana de Rosnay , struggles with a problem it never overcomes : How do you make viewers care about everyday problems when juxtaposed with the horror of the Holocaust ?
Excellent performances make the movie effective . Yet the flashbacks have a depth and resonance largely absent from the modern scenes .
Director Gilles Paquet-Brenner does n't stint on depicting the indignities and violence inflicted even on children , and Mayance 's performance is exceptionally strong .
When it finds the right room , `` Sarah 's Key '' unlocks a haunting story .
While the flashbacks come to life through small acts of courage and kindness amid epic-scale evil , the frame story is a recurring letdown that feels trivial and contrived .
Not really about Sarah or her key .
`` Sarah 's Key '' cuts back and forth between a tragic story involving the Holocaust and an essentially trivial , feel-good story about a modern-day reporter . It 's an awkward fit and diminishes the impact of the earlier story .
Paquet-Brenner ... delivers the film 's climax with a series of reaction shots from the horrified onlookers that paints a more gruesome picture than if the object of their revulsion was ever seen . It 's unforgettable : here 's filmmaking at its best .
In an eloquent , moving manner , Sarah 's Key argues that we are all products of the past regardless of whether we are aware of it and that understanding our roots , no matter how painful the process , is preferable to remaining oblivious .
Fine performances and an artful emotional modulation make this drama , which unfolds with the pockets of slack one might expect to find in an adaptation of historical fiction , feel real and lived in rather than mawkish .
What it could have been is there for all to see , but Sarah 's Key does n't come close to being compelling enough , as it 's only real positive is a great performance from a star of the future young girl .
If there is any justice this summer that 's not being meted out by a comic-book superhero , discerning moviegoers will find their way to Sarah 's Key , the moving adaptation of Tatiana De Rosnay 's international best-seller . It 's one of the year 's best -
Anytime real drama would take place rather than its amped-up melodrama Sarah 's Keyducks out with an ellipsis rather than showing us something that would upset its fragile , middlebrow sensitivities .
Focuses on the strengths and shortcomings of the two women characters , several generations apart , and captures an uncommonly powerful portrait of both .
This movie of `` Sarah 's Key '' might have been better if it had rewritten the book , and simply focused on the past .
A dramatic tale of survival and horrific memories struggles against distracting melodrama in `` Sarah 's Key , '' and unfortunately , melodrama wins .
Despite a few miscalculations in tone , Key has more than its share of powerful moments and stinging recollections , with Thomas always there to ground that panic into something real and compelling .
-LSB- An -RSB- elegant if uneven adaptation of Tatiana De Rosnay 's novel .
Clunky , improbable plot developments match equally inept dialogue .
Scott Thomas , arguably the best British actress who managed never to be cast in the Harry Potter series , makes for a perfect audience surrogate .
Plot contrivances that may have passed for intricacies in the book ... now ring as false as Sarah 's story rings true .
The glib story and hectoring structure undermine the filmmakers ' best intentions .
Unflinching yet poignant , Sarah 's Key asks just how deeply you want to delve into your past .
`` Sarah 's Key '' is more powerful than you expect , maybe even more powerful than it should be .
There is a great story here in young Sarah 's plight of being torn from the bosom of her family and quest to rescue her young brother , but this is only one part of `` Sarah 's Key '' that I like .
... tries too hard and fails in tying events of the past to Julia 's present and the filmmakers have used some strange psychology in Sarah 's adult decisions .
-LSB- It -RSB- is undone by its very premise : that the two stories it tells can coexist in the same film .
An elegantly crafted , touching Holocaust drama spanning four generations and a wide emotional spectrum .
An absorbing drama about Jewish persecution , the sting of guilt , and the struggle for survival .
There are too many dangling and swiftly clipped threads for the film to amount to more than another tasteful Sunday matinee set against one of the worst atrocities of the 20th century .
The film version of Sarah 's Key showcases two daring decisions that take the material out of well-trod territory .
The Holocaust scenes are wrenching , the past-meets-present dialectics less so .
A fairly decent drama about a little-known part of French history that may be a little melodramatic at times but offers solid storytelling .
Painful , blood-curdling and ultimately heartbreaking , Sarah 's Key occasionally moves too ponderously for its own good , but its myriad elements are coherent and easy to follow .
When Sarah 's Key leans into the horror -LRB- as it should -RRB- , it 's harrowing . Alas , that 's only half the time .
Sarah 's Key dutifully follows the template of scores of movies about the Shoah : wringing from atrocity the most unseemly sentimentality .
... it does n't shilly-shally about issues pertaining to guilt and culpability . It 's also pretty engrossing ...
Gripping , twisty Holocaust drama unravels with teasing suspense and emotional payoffs , as a present-day journalist investigates the tragedy of a French-Jewish family in Nazi-occupied Europe .
Unpeels itself slowly and delicately , but finds moments of overwhelming feeling and sadness . It is restrained movie-making that packs real power .
As its narrative focuses increasingly on Julia 's story and the toll her investigations take on her family life , the film digs into less and less fruitful territory .
A treatise on personal survival and new beginnings that is eloquently delivered by star Kristin Scott Thomas .
Falling squarely into Oscar Bait territory is -LRB- this -RRB- try-hard Holocaust drama , a factually inspired , somewhat strained story about French collusion with the Nazis .
Scott Thomas is watchable , but her character 's storyline , involving large doses of soul searching and self-discovery , is n't much better than a run-of-the-mill airport novel .
What makes Sarah 's Key work so powerfully is the way the two strands build upon each other to become greater than the sum of the two parts .
Delivered with authenticity and driven by superb , layered performances , this is a profound and powerful viewing experience .
Sarah 's Key exposes an unfamiliar historical event to compelling dramatisation and powerful visual storytelling .
The movie makes us care about Sarah , who never existed , rather than the thousands of Sarahs who ceased to exist .
Crisply written and sensitively directed
A beautiful film that takes us on an unforgettable emotional journey
A heartbreaking , wonderfully acted and superbly dramatized drama .
Comprising prestige names and unknowns , the ensemble cast acquits itself well .

@highlight

Sarah 's Key is an absorbing , impeccably-acted Holocaust drama with minor plot issues .