I 'm staying , frankly , with ... Neil Jordan 's vampires . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The leadenness of the assorted would-be bon mots is equal to that of late-period Woody Allen -LRB- there 's even an unfunny slap at Los Angeles -RRB- , and not helped by their lugubrious delivery .
You do n't need a PhD to understand this movie , it 's just nice to see something made for grown-ups and that has no interest in courting the youth market .
It 's an intriguing premise , and -LSB- Jim -RSB- Jarmusch handily distinguishes his film from its vampire predecessors , except I found it more engaging than truly satisfying ,
The simple plot lets -LSB- Jim -RSB- Jarmusch focus on what he 's most interested in here : his two incredibly attractive and charismatic stars , their relationship , and the geniuses and beauty they worship .
There is a serious voodoo swirling around in -LSB- Only Lovers Left Alive -RSB- that you will not find anywhere else in any other vampire movie . That power will stick with you long after the lights go up .
Jarmusch brings his arthouse sensibilities to the vampire genre , removing the focus from needless stereotypes and finding the humanity in the inhuman .
Some films are so deeply cool , you feel cool by association just basking in their flickering glow .
In Only Lovers Left Alive , stars Tom Hiddleston and Tilda Swinton are utterly captivating as bohemian vampires who live like Renaissance artists in a world of rock stars .
What resonates is the movie 's love story , one which is essentially about a very old , very married couple .
Somewhere around the lovely scene of Tilda Swinton dancing , freely and wholeheartedly , to the old soul record , Jarmusch 's M.O. becomes clear : ` Only Lovers Left Alive ' is a hanging-out move , just with vampires .
If Jamrusch 's comedy is snobby and misty is precisely because vampires should be that way . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
A great theme and visual compendium . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
A delightful Jim Jarmusch film . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
The most interesting thing about this movie is the way Jarmusch toys with us to reveal to us a simple thing : it 's a vampire story . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
If you are able to tolerate the quiet and smooth tempo of Jarmusch , this is a great story .
The pseudo philosophical tone of the film is really annoying , with that slow , maddening , eternal pace , as the lives of the protagonists , which seems to go nowhere
American Director Jim Jarmusch has the soul of an old rocker and he reflects it perfectly in this story of vampire love .
It is a parenthesis in the life of Eve and Adam , and for some audiences it may feel too languid and even frustrating , mainly because of inconsistencies in the script - holes -- , but if you have patience , it leads to a final appetizing .
It 's hard to imagine a pair of actors more perfect for these parts ... monsters formerly part of humanity critiquing it from the outside ... a fascinating piece of cinema .
Jarmusch understands that what 's really relatable about vampires is the getting-old part : the sense , illusion or not , that as you get older , everyone younger than you is somehow stupid , crass , immature , and just not at all like you .
Wickedly weird and delicious vampire story .
Its filmic style , quirks and humour make this the best vampire movie for five years since Tomas Alfredson 's original Swedish thriller Let The Right One In .
Forget garlic , crucifixes and wooden stakes . Jarmusch dispenses with the usual vampire paraphernalia to deliver a beguiling meditation on love and immortality .
`` Only Lovers Left Alive '' may be a vampire film to us , but it 's a zombie movie to them .
Jim Jarmusch 's Only Lovers Left Alive is very pleasing to the eye and contains fine performances from its ensemble , but ultimately there is nothing beneath the surface to captivate the viewer 's interest .
Only Lovers Left Alive is a gorgeous movie .
It is n't too soon to add Only Lovers Left Alive to the list of the greatest vampire films .
It makes for one of the most enjoyable and artful pieces of cinematic dandyism in the Jarmusch catalog , and for all its poised flipness , one of the saddest and most serious .
... Jarmusch seems content to eschew character development and plot advances in favor of a very specific -LRB- and palpable -RRB- mood .
There 's not a wasted second , no imperfectly conceived moments . Like the characters , it feels eternal .
Akron-area product Jim Jarmusch offers up one of his most accessible films , a vampire piece for the ages -- literally .
While it 's not quite a horror movie , Jarmusch has some fun playing in horror 's back yard .
-LSB- The -RSB- singular weirdness of it more than trumps judgments that try to pin it down into good or bad , worth-it or not-worth-it .
Swinton and Hiddleston are sensuous creatures giving depth to the vampire hagiography .
`` Before Sunset with Vampires '' may be simplistic , but it 's meant as high praise .
Wanda Jackson 's ` Funnel of Love ' introduces us to Jarmusch 's stylish vampires , his pale lovers , his connoisseurs of art and oenophiles of blood , swanning and swooning through eternity , together forever even if continents apart .
Jarmusch 's vampires live in the -LRB- cultural -RRB- end of times
I want to live in this movie . I want to crawl inside it and curl up in its lap and stay there forever .
Elegant , somber , literary-minded , otherworldy , inexpressibly sad , sometimes very funny . Jim Jarmusch 's Only Lovers Left Alive is both one of the most unusual vampire pictures ever made and probably one of the best .
Only Lovers is on par with Jarmusch 's Down by Law , which also failed to capitalize on its considerable strengths .
Dull , dreary , and dreadful .
A bloodsucker saga that 's every bit as unique as Let the Right One In .
As in most pipe dreams , there are a few stumbling blocks .
This is Jim Jarmusch 's dark and mournful version of Wim Wenders Wings of Desire ... immortals watching over a decaying city ... burdened by disappointment .
As handsome and as literary as Jim Jarmusch 's agonizingly slow film is , its assets carry it only so far .
Even vampires get the blues .
Ava 's intrusion into Adam and Eve 's existence is n't far removed from Ezster Balint 's Cousin Eva dropping in on John Lurie and Richard Edson in Stranger Than Paradise . Jarmusch aficionados will get it ; Twilight fans wo n't .
This is a film that finds horror not in the extreme , but in the mundane . That alone makes it a worthwhile entry in a genre that it both inhabits and rises above .
A straightforward , well-acted vampire tale given Jim Jarmusch settings and a Jim Jarmusch vibe
The title of this film should be Only Jim Jarmusch Fans Left Alive as they 're likely to be the only ones not rendered comatose by this pretentious dreck ... a tale of hipster vampires that starts off with a touch of style before going nowhere fast .
Somehow it 's all very entertaining and weird and fitting , with Detroit looking like a place any vampire would be happy to be .
In Tom Hiddleston and Tilda Swinton he has a perfectly Jarmuschian pair of actors , each effortlessly lanky , weird , and wise .
You do n't so much watch this movie as slink into it , joining an unlikely pair of lovers and enjoying their slouchy elegance .
To say Swinton gives a colorless performance is no insult . With snow-white hair and garments , the alabaster actress disappears into her surroundings like a chameleon .
`` Only Lovers Left Alive '' breathes new and intriguing life into the vampire genre .
Deadpan indie stalwart Jim Jarmusch makes a vampire movie , with undead characters just as terminally and eternally hip as you 'd imagine .
Is n't just like watching paint dry ; it 's like watching paint dry , scraping it off , repainting , watching it dry again , scraping it off , repainting , watching it dry , and so on interminably .
Even though the film is visually arresting , it is often slow , and some of the dialogue is oddly expository in ways you do n't expect from this filmmaker .
Like their creator , the characters have feasted on a buffet of historical greats ... and the broad nature make it feel like -LSB- Jarmusch 's -RSB- most personal , fluently articulated yet . It 's also supremely groovy .
Great metaphor does n't work unless it 's airtight , and thanks to the director 's elegant framing and keen eye for character detail , he holds a mirror to society and shows us what only a vampire 's reflection can : absence .
If you think you ca n't sit through another vampire movie , think again .
Only Lovers is so fluidly edited and thinly plotted that it feels almost off-hand ; yet , it 's also made with great care , beautifully lit and set-designed to an eyelash .
Swinton , her hair white and long and her eyes tired and kind , and Hiddleston , moody and resigned , are wonderful - delivering their lines with the dry sighs of a desert breeze .
Languorous , droll and ultimately affecting .
In `` Only Lovers Left Alive , '' writer-director Jim Jarmusch turns one of his silliest notions into one of the more affecting movies of his career .
An ultimately enrapturing love story , set on the border of gentility and decadence ... Even before the fangs show in the half-smiles , the movie luxuriates in the charm of good-looking actors doing very little . This is Jarmusch 's warmest work
Maybe it was to be expected that the vampire saga `` Only Lovers Left Alive '' has a sluggish pulse .
No one here gets out alive in Jim Jarmusch 's cool new vampire romance ...
Despite being a film that features vampires as the central protagonists , Only Lovers Left Alive is less about matters of blood and its acquisition than what it takes for love and romance to survive over centuries .
It 's an inspired metaphor for the fragility of life , even for those who are immortal .
Fans of Jarmusch might have the upper hand here , but Only Lovers Left Alive remains accessible and , frankly , it 's the best movie he 's made in years .
Rarely has Jarmusch 's style been so inherently suited to his content . Stillness and silence , the cardinal virtues of his method , have never been so pertinent as in the lives of the undead .
If Swinton and Hiddleston have a shared gift , it 's the ability to inhabit theatricality naturally .
Jarmusch has written his best script since Dead Man , its bone-dry wit , neither camp nor twee , a tender , mordant expression of love .
Droll yet visually intoxicating , the film is merely a chance for Jarmusch to luxuriate in everything from classic rock , to art , and architecture
Viewers with patience will be rewarded by a story of survival that builds toward inevitable tragedy .
Jim Jarmusch stocks his latest low-key indie with more than his usual characters in low-velocity drift .
This is a weak entry in the filmmaker 's canon , a film that continues Jarmusch 's rebellion against narrative while offering nothing in its place .
Somber but not humorless , `` Only Lovers Left Alive '' plays to a languid but involving rhythm that is its own .
The movie is steeped in a world-weariness that flatters a certain kind of know-it-all . Swinton and Hiddleston , looking like twins , take disaffection to the moon . Not since Weekend at Bernie 's have two actors done more to promote the cause of corpses .
it 's also one of -LSB- Jarmusch 's -RSB- most visually expressive films , playing out amid ravishing nocturnal imagery that fits perfectly with the dark romantic tone .
The constant , overt comparisons of drug addiction and blood food become obvious and slightly tiresome .
Uses immortal blood-suckers as the setup for a darkly comic , sad and romantic story of life 's disappointments and redemptions .
Neither a romance , nor a horror , although it has glowing moments of both , it 's a rich , witty mood piece you just have to sink into .
My eyes were accountably wet from the opening image of cold , unflinching stars in the sky that then twirl to blur under the opening credits until the last , tender , vital gesture , toward life , toward survival , that ends this lovely magnum opus .
I think this is certainly an original and unusual film .
Jim Jarmusch is a cool dude of a filmmaker and his latest take on vampires in Only Lovers Left Alive is very cool indeed .
This movie is 130 minutes of awesome , cool-as-a-bloodsicle eye candy . If you like music , this film has the esoteric expertise of a proper rock historian . In short , Only Lovers Left Alive is damn cool .
Exactly the sort of picture about bloodsuckers you 'd expect from Jim Jarmusch . And that 's a compliment .
-LSB- Their -RSB- deadpan joy is infectious , even when they 're contemplating suicide , making them the best additions to the blood-freak hall of fame since The Lost Boys , Grace Jones in Vamp and George Hamilton in Love At First Bite .
... stunning , funny and perfectly cast , with Hiddleston the embodiment of rock 'n roll 's death fixations contrasted against Swinton 's sunny adventuress . With their wild pitch black and white blond locks , these two are a thinker 's `` Sid and Nancy . ''
Has undoubted panache , and wit to spare , especially when Swinton is in the frame .
Or it could just be Jarmusch 's attempt to bring to life the coolest couple of cinema ever . My Radiohead , are these vampires not hipsters to the nth power ?
For all the playful elements , Jarmusch forgets to keep a dramatic tension in place and some of the material is plain silly , internally inconsistent -LRB- they 've been together centuries , yet they do n't seem to know everything about each other -RRB- , or contrived
As fascinating as it is bizarre and tedious , Jim Jarmusch 's eclectic reality in which two vampires bound to each other through eternity , is a powerful magnet
Jarmusch 's movie carries you on a slow-moving eddy of mood , intellectual conversation , artistic inquiry , atmosphere and subtle tensions in night-time hours
It 's quite good , it sticks in the memory , and there 's very little out there that I would trade it for . But I do n't think it 's quite a masterpiece , and I 'd hesitate to call it one of my favorites .
The perfect date movie .
A vampire flick as only Jim Jarmusch would ever conceive it , languidly poetic , worldweary and crammed with hipster in-jokes .
On the face of it , `` Only Lovers Left Alive '' is original and intriguing : Tilda Swinton and Tom Hiddleston play vampires who have been married for centuries .
Jarmusch 's screenplay may lack sense and cohesion , but it 's full of throw-away cultural references and vaguely intellectual in-jokes .
His anti-Twilight filters various themes and ideas , but they never threaten to become a cohesive plot or offer resolution .
Hiddleston is appropriately soggy in a Byronic kind of way , and Swinton , in a platinum-blond wig , gives the ultimate Tilda Swinton performance as a poetically famished vampiress .
Jim Jarmusch has a habit of trafficking in genre conventions without committing to them , which gives his work an appealingly tenuous quality , as if the characters were in danger of melting away . This is doubly true of his seductive new film .
The movie has its longeurs , but once you get on its wavelength it 's hard to resist .
-LSB- Director Jim -RSB- Jarmusch , as ever , has the power to sneak up on you . He 's a spellbinder . The same goes for his movie .
Drifts like a dark bank of fog -- it 's mostly atmosphere . But entertainingly strange , and unlikely to be confused with any other movie .
Like most of Jarmusch 's films , the emphasis is not on action but interaction-especially the verbal kind . And atmosphere .
`` Only Lovers Left Alive '' marks an artist 's welcome return . And the much-needed rescue of a classic monster from the grubby grip of tween novels .
A brilliant , magical combination : pure Jarmusch and entirely new . It 's visually sumptuous , but his droll attitude remains in this wry story of perfectly cast vampires in love .
It 's shot through with sadness and beauty , with dry humor , with the certainty that even things meant to last forever actually do n't .
One of the strongest films yet from Jim Jarmusch .
A sensual , funny , downtown-artist fantasy about the long-term marriage of two spectacularly attractive vampires .
There is something a bit musty about a romanticism that equates creativity with chemical dependency , and also something a little threadbare about the countercultural mystique that Adam and Eve embody .
Light on plot , but heavy on mood
This is a movie about the transcendent bond between partners who can communicate without speaking a word , so it 's only fitting that the gorgeous cinematography perfectly captures the movie 's emotional depths .
Indie trailblazer Jim Jarmusch delivers yet another highly original take on a familiar genre , with vampire blood , moody sounds and mesmerizing visuals the infusion here . Fans wo n't be disappointed ...
Not merely tweaking the vampire tradition , the film pays homage to , and plays on , it in subtle , possibly half - or un-conscious details that one 's antenna may quiver at .
In all but ignoring the usual trappings of such creatures , Jarmusch has made them as compelling as they 've ever been .
Ms. Swinton and Mr. Hiddleston complement each other so elegantly that languor gives way to a genuinely affecting-and erotic-love story .
It 's so elegant and dreamlike-such a departure from most vampire epics-that you wo n't be bored . It also has a wicked sense of humor you usually do n't find in the genre .
Only Lovers Left Alive is at its most powerful , and beautiful , when it 's concentrating on how the search for immortality , or life 's meaning , is found not in time spent , or accomplishments achieved , but in love shared with someone else .
In addition to unspooling an adult story of bloodsuckers , Lovers manages something few films have done in years : rendering Detroit scenically romantic .
Laying eyes on the film 's piles upon piles of valuable junk-old recording equipment , leather-bound novels , cosmetic clutter-is a bit like rummaging through the director 's attic .
Legendary hipster filmmaker Jim Jarmusch 's wryly funny exercise in genre bending hits so many grace notes it ends up being his most satisfying film in years .
It helps to have performers as radiant and watchable as Swinton and Hiddleston in the leads , but it 's Jarmusch 's direction and his smart screenplay that make Only Lovers Left Alive such a treat for mature audiences .
It only makes sense that the warmest film Jarmusch has ever made is about cold-blooded killers .
It 's always a thrill to see what an artist as singular as Jarmusch will do next . I just wish that his foray into the world of the undead had a little more to sink its beautiful fangs into .
Only Lovers Left Alive excels mainly as a vampire slice of life , functioning beautifully as both an inventory of Jarmusch 's literary , philosophical , and musical interests , and a larger comment on the follies of human existence .
This is Jarmusch 's most emotionally direct film since Dead Man , and maybe his finest .
Mixing traditional vampire mythology with the director 's distinctively aloof brand of cool , Only Lovers is a handsome , compelling , meditative take on the lives of the eternal undead .
A creative and touching story about a romantic , wise , and witty vampire couple ; one of the best films of 2014 .
Revealing layer after layer of dense thematic undertones , it 's a film that I 'll be revisiting many times over the years .
Trust director Jim Jarmusch to sit back and wait for every permutation of the vampire film to come and go before casually serving up his own vision and leaving something properly iconic behind .
Trust Jarmusch to eschew cliché and think about the vampire condition .
See it and try to think `` vampire '' in the future without conjuring Tom and Tilda .
You thought there was nothing new to add to the vampire genre ? So , apparently , did Jarmusch , which is why Only Lovers Left Alive luxuriates in a curious end-of-an-era melancholy ...
Heady , indulgent , captivating and drowse-inducing , it 's like being trapped inside a slow-spinning Velvet Underground record , stuck on endless repeat .
Hiddleston and Swinton excel as the very refined bloodsuckers , conveying a sense of world-weariness and disillusionment about the behaviour of the `` zombie '' humans without ever becoming remotely wearisome themselves .
Whenever Jarmusch lets his soundtrack - and his stars - do the talking , the right notes get struck .
It 's hardly surprising that laconic filmmaker Jim Jarmusch -LRB- Broken Flowers -RRB- has created such an inventively offbeat vampire movie , helped hugely by the ace casting of Tilda Swinton and Tom Hiddleston as extremely long-term lovers .
If you have ever taken a moment to wonder what a vampire romance directed by Jim Jarmusch would look like , then Only Lovers Left Alive probably comes pretty close to the film you imagined .
The narrative , such as it is , is not intriguing . The performances , as ethereal as they are , are not intriguing .
The best reason to see this film is Swinton and Hiddleston 's achingly sexy double-act as two old , cold souls in still-hot bodies , steadfastly keeping the spark alive even as the world around them slowly snuffs itself out .
Many people love this new movie , which struck me as etiolated twaddle .
Hilarious , bittersweet , nostalgic and philosophical . One of this amazing director 's finest achievements .
Enjoyably Jarmuschian take on the vampire movie , enlivened by a literate , drily witty script , a superb soundtrack and a pair of delightful performances from Tilda Swinton and Tom Hiddleston .
This is n't about action or horror . Jarmusch is far more interested in the modern lives of characters who have lived through every major artistic revolution of the last several centuries .
Possibly the funniest - and certainly the coolest - vampire film around , Only Lovers Left Alive works equally well as a spoof , a genre revamp and a two-hour trawl through Jim Jarmusch 's cabinet of curiosities .
An undemanding , irresistible pleasure .
While Jarmusch 's vision is an original take on the genre , it 's also hard to fully engage with his efforts , the pace too stately , the script too self-conscious , and the initially intriguing characters ultimately outstaying their welcome .
There 's something magical and magnetic about this world of mature , know-it-all , ultra-cool vampires that Jarmusch creates and somehow it never seems at all silly .
Hiddleston is brilliant . He pulls off a delicate balancing act , never tipping too far into sulky self-indulgence and Swinton is a reliable anchor with her no-nonsense approach to immortal life .
Haunting and idiosyncratic , Jarmusch 's vampire marriage preaches to the converted , but he 's in fine voice nonetheless .
Self-indulgent ? To a point . But Jarmusch makes seductive work of it : the deep , dusty images , the hypnotic pacing .
Hiddleston and Swinton are lovely to watch , but they need more to chew on than this .
The tenets of the director 's style -LRB- use of dead time , laconic and comic dialogue , deadpan performances -RRB- dovetail to satisfying effect here ; Swinton and Hiddleston both give sublime performances ...
Colored in a steel pastel and drifting around the ruins of Detroit , this is nevertheless Jarmusch 's most upbeat and tender film since Down By Law
Yet another reinvention of the vampire legend , this slowly-paced romance tries to show that love can last for an eternity , but the film itself will seem that way for those who are not Jarmusch fans .
Tilda Swinton and Tom Hiddleston may be decadent blood drinkers , but it is we mortals who are both mindless ` zombies ' and a plague upon the world , while they are the keepers , curators and even contributors of ... underground culture
The problem is that both lead characters are interminably dull , with the camera 's gaze repeatedly dwelling on their mundane private moments and imploring us to be intrigued .
As is so often the case in Jim Jarmusch 's films , simply spending time in the company of his creations proves engrossing .
Jim Jarmusch 's most lucid , satisfying , and flat-out gorgeous feature since Dead Man .
Only Lovers , despite a thin conceit , offers some modest pleasures .
Almost nothing happens in this minor-key drift through a desolate , imperiled modern world , and yet it is the perennial downtown filmmaker 's best work in many years , probably since 1995 's Dead Man .
What 's more , the vampire conceit , while superficially silly , has the salutary effect of throwing human mortality into stark relief , creating a carpe diem sensation without actually ... -LSB- END HERE -RSB- . . -LSB- END HERE -RSB- saying anything so bana
Less a drama than a miniature double portrait , Jarmusch 's film creates two people whose joy , not pain , is to be together forever . C'est l'amour .
If you can groove with Jarmusch 's patient , philosophical indulgences and the wooden exteriors of his characters ' lives , the movie rewards with a savvy emotional payoff about moving forward even when the motivation to do so has gone .
I ca n't even think where to start in trying to cut him some slack on `` Only Lovers Left Alive , '' which is a priggish film full of in-group references that will provide a-ha moments for those in the know .
A smidge more commercial than Jarmusch 's meandering previous effort , `` The Limits of Control . '' But it still feels like an in-joke intended only for select acolytes , who will probably love it with an undying passion .
Back on track after the misfiring über-cool of The Limits Of Control , Jarmusch delivers a passionate and consummately chic essay on science , music , time and above all love .
Made with droll suavity - though sometimes quirkiness is still occasionally an alibi for lack of ideas , comic or otherwise . As with all his films , you have to let it grow on you .
While some may find the lack of explanation frustrating , for others it will enhance the intriguing nature of the characters and their relationship .
While this feels different than anything Jarmusch has done before , there 's just enough that 's familiar that I think it fits beautifully into the body of work he 's been building .
Only Lovers Left Alive offers an intelligent twist on the vampire subgenre , even if it does become a bit too moody and mellow for its own good .
The stakes may not be particularly high in Only Lovers Left Alive , but that 's part of Jarmusch 's point .
The next great midnight classic .
It 's an offbeat , fun , and frequently very funny film , lifted out of disposability by some wonderfully rich production design , music cuts and photography , and by the cherishable performances of the leads .
Sent me out into the full-mooned night , all senses elated , on a glad-to-be-alive high .

@highlight

Worth watching for Tom Hiddleston and Tilda Swinton 's performances alone , Only Lovers Left Alive finds writer-director Jim Jarmusch adding a typically offbeat entry to the vampire genre .