excruciating for anyone over the age of five .
Forget Saw , I 'd argue this is the most freakishly disturbing outing of Cary Elwes career .
I am somewhat hesitant to attempt to describe this ... peculiar concoction for fear of being accused of base mendacity .
Some of the words used are too adult for kids and the length of the movie is much too long .
The whole thing runs about an hour too long : It should have been a TV show . The adventure 's too big for the kids who would love it the most .
If only there were something on screen to keep your adult brain from dissolving into strained peas .
Meant to tickle toddlers , Balloon is n't worth punishing multiplex pricing , delivering small-scale thrills on a limited budget . It 's definitely a rental , offering parents a chance to escape while wee ones bop around .
There 's potential to this picture , even if the initial box office reaction is , well , terrible
A prime contender for most peculiar wide release of the year .
The road to hell , they say , is paved with good intentions . Walking up that road are The Oogieloves , a trio of the most cloyingly unbearable characters a parent could ever introduce to their preschool child .
The tale of three multi-colored blobs hunting for lost magical balloons feels like a bad pilot , the kind that post-Barney PBS would reject out of hand .
One of the characters proclaims this will be `` the greatest movie ever '' , and you know it wo n't be . Even the 4-year old sitting behind me was dubious of that claim .
I kept hearing someone mutter , ` The horror ... The horror , ' as the nearly 90 minutes dragged on for what seemed like an eternity , and then realized those words were coming from me . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
Enthralling for preschoolers ; much less so for anyone else .
The Oogieloves play a lot like Teletubbies in Pee Wee 's Playhouse and it looks to become a staple in many a small child 's DVD collection and possibly a cult item in college dorm rooms .
There are no villains in this movie but there 's lots of suspense and problem solving involved in retrieving the balloons .
Enduring this brainless kid 's film is akin to witnessing the end of the world .
It 's like paying to watch a dumbed-down mash-up of the least creative parts of `` Teletubbies , '' `` Barney & Friends , '' and `` Pee-wee 's Playhouse . ''
If you have preschoolers or fond memories of tots smiling at friendly costumed characters , you may find a soft spot for this gentle film ...
Nobody is mean in this movie . They talk very loud .
Chazz Palminteri , Jaime Pressly , Cary Elwes , Christopher Lloyd and Cloris Leachman appear in brief roles , all looking slightly confused and vaguely embarrassed .
It 's the latest from Teletubbies distributor Kenn Viselman , described in the film 's promo material as a `` marketing maverick . '' Sure , why not ?

@highlight

Although it may serve as a passing diversion for very young viewers , The Oogieloves fails to offer much more than several brightly colored examples of the worst stereotypes of modern children 's entertainment .