Metallica : Through the Never - three-quarters-concert film , one-quarter-disaster epic-is the most fun I 've had at the movies this year .
For a loyal fan , this is something of a godsend .
Giddily preposterous .
Two films wrangling for dominance and neither finding the purchase necessary to succeed .
If Through the Never 's attempts at creating a story-and-performance hybrid are only partially successful ... its concert footage remains its prime selling point and strength .
If Through the Never was a straight ahead concert film it would be a masterpiece of heavy metal showmanship . Yet this is a two headed beast , with one side charging forward while the other is sitting lame in a state of morose confusion .
Metallica fans may find the concert footage of this worshipful semi-documentary worthwhile .
Incorporating props , visual effects , lasers and pyro in eye-popping fashion , it eventually starts to seem like an enormous 3D version of a backdrop from Guitar Hero .
Solely for hardcore Metallica fans , a 3D spectacular , immersive thrash metal music experience
Metallica Through the Never succeeds as an enthralling and visceral concert movie experience but fails to use the medium for a deeper level of artistic appreciation .
`` Metallica Through the Never '' is an experience best seen and heard in IMAX . It will blow you away .
Awesome .
A bold attempt to pimp a Metallica concert film falls short of initial promise .
An exhilarating and immersive Metallica concert film twinned with a dark , trippy narrative following a roadie named Trip who pops a pill and goes on a mission to find a mysterious package .
This is a lame shaggy-dog narrative , and there 's no one to blame but Metallica , who authorised Through the Never and take producing and writing credits .
Even as someone who finds Metallica 's music silly -LRB- ditto the movie 's incoherent apocalyptic fantasy sequences -RRB- , I was floored by much of the visual imagination .
Watch Some Kind Of Monster instead .
It 's all very appropriately overblown , and director Antal gives the fireworks as much attention as he does each performer .
A gigantic spectacle , a virtual-reality experience that is both ridiculous and sublime , sometimes in the same moment .
This is the Metallica that Metallica wants you to remember . Larger than life , over-the-top and supremely powerful ...
It 's one of the most unexpectedly enjoyable cinematic experiences of the year , even if you could n't pick a Metallica track out of some hypothetical never-ending playlist .
Metallica , those thrash virtuosos of doom , get the grand 3-D opera they deserve : a godless-apocalypse-meets-Vegas spectacle , full of fireballs and electric chairs .
The result is what every concert movie strives for -- the sense of being there , but with a far better view than you could ever actually afford . And the roadie 's tale , while not the most meaningful plot , makes an excellent counterpoint to the music .
This is a band who has done everything there is to do in the world of music ; they took a bold risk with this new style directed by Nimrod Antal .
`` Through the Never '' is a jaw-dropping , eye-popping , ear splitting reminder that the aristocracy that is heavy metal has only one true king : Metallica .
Why make an average concert movie when you can make something as weirdly mesmerizing as Through the Never ?
DeHaan 's possession of the spotlight might well best the band itself , since Metallica never completely catches fire live .
It 's genuinely unsettling , and Metallica 's intense , adrenaline-fueled music makes the horror sequences all that much more atmospheric and supercharged .
For Metallica fans only .
Metallica is as fierce and intense as ever , and the greatest hits set the band performs is a barrage of heavy riff-age that captures the band at its most vital .
Metallica : Through The Never is a fan experience like no other , but will only appeal to the die-hard demographic due to a minimalist storyline . Good thing I love my Metallica loud , full of pyrotechnics , and with a little Dane DeHaan ...
A rolling tank of a concert film , all audio-visual artillery , an exercise in bombast designed to tickle the denim-clad cockles of the hesher faithful .
Metallica are a lean , mean business machine , still ballsy enough to pull off something as silly as Through the Never but seasoned enough to never let the genre-bending concert film distract from their one true saving grace - their musicianship .
In the real world , concerts build to a climax , then return for two or three more ; on the screen , alas , `` Metallica : Through the Never '' just kind of peters out .
If you 're big into Metallica , you could very well eat this up . For the casual viewer who might have gotten a kick out of watching them in ` Some Kind of Monster , ' this comes off more like ` Some Kind of Nothing . ' -LRB- Full Parental Review also available -RRB-
Metallica : Through the Never may be the most fun I 've had in a movie theater all year ... As a movie , though ? That 's where things get complicated .
It 's all very handsomely arranged , but even with the concert footage , nothing ever feels live .
Despite swooping camera movements and elaborate stagecraft , the film produces detachment rather than immediacy .
The problem is that Antal and Metallica took two different movies - a fine live-band document and a supernatural end-of-days romp - and smashed them together to make both of them more boring .
An old-school music video stretched to feature length .
Through the Never succeeds as a concert film by serving up enough dazzling visual wizardry and good ol' thrash metal rock to make it a passably engaging experience .
Writer/director Nimród Antal and Metallica join forces to create one of the most eye-popping , ear-splitting rock shows ever put on the screen .
If half an hour of bizarro side-narrative fever dream is the price of admission for a gorgeously lensed , best-seat-in-the-house hour of chugging rock brutality , I 'll pay gladly .
Metallica 's music is not my thing , but the camerawork is so fluid and the musicianship on display is so impressive that they triumph over the dopey , Pink Floyd knock-off , death-and-destruction stagecraft that threatens to overwhelm the songs .
Its buzz saw execution is magnificent , making sure the audience exits the theater with melted brains and blood pouring out of their ears , but director Antal leaves the movie with more than a few question marks .
Lets viewers feel like they 're sliding up and down the fretboard of Kirk Hammett 's guitar , volleying between the cymbals of Lars Ulrich and swallowing spit spewed by singer James Hetfield .
This movie is basically `` Spinal Tap '' minus the jokes .
The 3-D concert footage is unassailably cool . Less assured is the occasional storyline threaded through the film .
Even at its goofiest , Through The Never brings back the communal appeal of those early concert films .
If you 're looking for an orgasmic trip to heavy-metal heaven , this is it .
Through The Never plays like The Black Album of concert films : It 's enormous , slick , and occasionally rousing , but largely fails to capture the sheer intensity of Metallica 's superior '80s work .
The 13-year-old me would have loved it , and I would n't be lying if I said that at times the movie turned me back into that 13-year-old kid .
Metallica shreds their way unto IMAX screens in a rousing spectacle .
A sweeping , ambitious take on concert films , `` Metallica : Through The Never '' works well enough visually , and certainly musically , to make up for its feeble attempt to fictionalize the lengths to which a fan would go for his favorite band .
The nonsensical subplot mainly serves as a surreal distraction from the kick-ass s *** going down on-stage , but the concert itself is so bulletproof that any overall damage is slight .
However , light the story itself may be , as a music fan - especially a Metallica fan - THROUGH THE NEVER is a rock and roll cinematic trip worth taking .
Decent , if deafening concert film ... the extraneous roadie 's fantasy does n't work
It 's a damn fine concert movie and a musical thrill ride . Period .
Arguably , the band has never been as tight as it is with lurking bassist Robert Trujillo ; director Nimród Antal knows exactly where to place his roving camera to sop up every double-pedal drum flurry and wailing solo .
The most immersive concert film ever ...
Those who dig what Metallica do will certainly appreciate what they and Antal have done to create a very different experience from other concert docs that have come out in recent years .
The songs still sound great here , but the instruments are n't amplified nearly as much as the nostalgia and vanity of the men who wield them .
The goal was for `` something different '' . This mesh of state of the art concert and narrative fantasy does make Metallica 's latest foray into film experimental , yet still gives the people what they want : classic hits , loud , pounding and really good .
However mindless and heartless it may be , Through the Never succeeds as pure sense-swamping spectacle .
A definitive document for anyone who 's ever hoisted the devil-horn fingers in metalhead solidarity .
I actually forgot I was watching a movie at some points and wanted to applaud in between songs .
... a better-than-the-best-seat-in-the-house experience , and this is where I think 3D and IMAX can offer something no other theater can .

@highlight

Imaginatively shot and edited , Metallica Through the Never is an electrifying , immersive concert film , though its fictional sequences are slightly less assured .