The filmmakers really have captured something quite spectacular with this one .
It is as much a lesson in musical appreciation as it is a thrilling concert .
Lightning in a Bottle is a feel-good film , ironically , for fans of the blues and a solid primer for newcomers to the sound .
This is music for which there are not enough superlatives .
Features performances by such masters of the form as Buddy Guy , Solomon Burke , B.B. King . But the movie does n't depend on your knowledge of them or their works .
-LSB- It -RSB- achieves the goal of every concert film , to make you feel like you were there - or at least wish you were there .
... we 'll save the arguments about the patronizing nature of blues fetishism for another time . If you wish you were there , you 'll want to see this film .
A thrilling experience for jazz fans , and if you 're not in that category , the film 's overpowering atmosphere could have you changing your tune within minutes .
The event 's musical director , Steve Jordan , marvels at one point : ` Looks like y' all hired the phone book ... just looked up `` Blues '' in the Yellow Pages . '
Features a who 's who of world-wise bluesmen -LRB- and women -RRB- and newbie practitioners .
Mostly , director Antoine Fuqua 's straightforward film gives the greats a chance to shine , and they deliver .
Every so often there comes a must-see movie . This one 's a must-hear .
Lightning in a Bottle is at once deliberate and agile .
A fast , sweet , cram course in the blues . And it does so in an extremely coherent , vital and entertaining fashion .
This ` blues ' film devotes more time to the music of Jimi Hendrix than to that of Robert Johnson or Muddy Waters ...
The musicians uncorked that bottle , sending lightning all over Radio City Music Hall . Thanks to Scorsese and Fuqua , we can all catch some bolts .
If you know the blues , you 've heard it all before . And if you do n't , the film , after a promising step-by-step primer opening , wo n't help you .
Some of the blues performances here are rousingly hot and could make believers out of the staunchest classical music snob .
For all the talk of the form 's indomitable spirit , the picture that emerges is of a cultural artifact in desperate need of preservation .
Gets its great groove from the humor and dignity of the true blues musicians it documents .
The lack of history in this sometimes musically breathtaking film is disappointing and perplexing .
Lightning in a Bottle 's magical concert performances make it a must-see movie for all who crave vibrant music , impassioned vocals and biting instrumental solos that jab and slice with surgical precision .
If the movie seems at times a little thin in its chronology and scholarship , it more than makes up for that in the quality of performances that ranges from the cool fire of Angelique Kidjo to the hot smoke of B.B. King .
Any movie with Ruth Brown , Bonnie Raitt , Mavis Staples and Aaron Neville -LRB- with his brothers -RRB- for openers ca n't be all bad .
There is some serious ` lightning ' during the performances and story telling by the blues elders , not to mention the new worthy crop .
Comes alive with the more relaxed performances from its senior set -- men and women in their late sixties through to their late eighties -- performing the music they 've lived and breathed their whole lives .
Though many of the performers are n't , or arguably are n't , blues artists -LRB- but rather soul , R and B , or even folk artists -RRB- ... a cheap seat for a fun-filled , big-ticket event .
The massive stage at Radio City Music Hall does n't lend itself easily to the intimate particulars of the blues .
This is the sort of concert film made for high-end home theatre experiences .
It 's hugely entertaining .
If you 're making a concert movie and Ruth Brown , Solomon Burke and Mavis Staples are on your stage , it 's hard to go wrong .
Often seems like an overproduced variety show -- albeit one that ca n't help but burst its show-bizzy bonds into roaring paroxysms of pure musical emotion .
With nearly every song being a classic , this would be a soundtrack for the ages . Blues aficionados wo n't want to miss this one .
If you ever loved this kind of music , Lightning will bring the reasons back . If you have n't , you 'll likely wonder where this has been all your life .
An aptly named blast from the past that manages to sizzle in the present .
Performances by Mavis Staples , Son House , Solomon Burke , Odetta , B.B. King , Keb Mo , Natalie Cole et al. sear right through the careful packaging to lay bare the core of the music .
Entertaining , exalting educational , uplifting -- and a total blast .
I admit that I 'm not a fan . But if you are a fan , this is the movie for you . It 's 106 minutes of Blues sung by just about every living great extant .
The best thing about this film of an all-star 2003 Radio City Music Hall concert is , perhaps predictably , the still-sizzling power of elder statesmen and stateswomen of the blues .
Despite some iffy moments , Lighting is the closest one to get to the music from which , as Hubert Sumlin notes , ` there is no retiring . You stay with it until the end . '
This concert , dressing up the blues in its funeral-home best for one last bash at Radio City , seems like a eulogy for this patrimonial art form . Why did it leave us so soon ?
A doc of interest principally to those who are already `` into '' the blues .
Action director Antoine Fuqua 's reverent but uninspired documentary preserves this once-in-a-lifetime combination of performances , many delivered by musicians whose age and infirmity are sadly evident .
Lightning is often great fun , and remains an important record .
Fuqua 's film captures a night when lightning struck more than twice in the same place .
Lightning in a Bottle is an unforgettable concert that celebrates the blues as the music of the heart .
Lightning is a joyous , toe-tapping celebration of a musical style born of sorrow .
This remarkable concert film documents the blues legends who gathered at Radio City Music Hall in 2003 for a historic and joyous musical summit .
What passes for music on contemporary radio is laughable compared to the raw heartache and guitar-playing acumen conveyed in every whiskey-inspired song captured during the film 's 106-minute running time .
The music 's sensational .
Lightning in a Bottle is most useful in spotlighting musicians like Clarence ` Gatemouth ' Brown who are still struggling to find recognition .
Performances both lighthearted and smokin ' , backstage interviews , and archival footage projected on the hall 's JumboTrons create an energetic gloss of blues history .
A compact , fast-paced and entirely joyful celebration .
See it with an open heart and a tapping toe .
... the film does feature a number of genuinely engaging performances .
Wobbly documentary with some memorable blues performances .
A superior documentary -- one that celebrates the joy of soulful musicians without resorting to distracting gimmicks .
The result is pure pleasure for fans of the blues .






@highlight

Lightning in a Bottle pays dazzling tribute to the blues by capturing its power and excitement through backstage interviews and performance footage .