This coming-of-age drama is more familiar than fresh , although there 's an earnest authenticity to the characters and the setting .
Hot Summer Nights is more interested in style over substance , character tropes over character . Without that , the audience is just as lost as the characters on screen .
It 's largely director Elijah Bynum 's casting that makes this movie .
Hot Summer Nights will appease fans of Chalamet by his presence alone , but this is a movie that plays like a CW-infused take on the nostalgic drug drama .
Hot Summer Nights is both groan-inducingly contrived and vapid , its talented young cast wasted on an incoherent script-less a web of betrayal , greed , and adolescent desire than a few dangling threads .
You 've seen it all before . But you have n't seen , and should , `` Hot Summer Nights . ''
There 's plenty to look at , but nothing really works here .
Pervasive drug culture , strong language in drama/thriller .
Hot Summer Nights stumbles , grasping for meaning and mood , relying heavily on one of the more insistent soundtracks in recent memory .
Although every cinematic experiment and story beat does n't always work , `` Hot Summer Nights '' is downright intoxicating , oozing with panache and sensuality from every pore .
Bynum has excellent taste , but his debut feature suffers from a crisis of identity that mirrors that of his hero , a confused teenager who ambles his way into serious trouble .
It 's all just a setup , really , for a great group of young actors-Chalamet , in particular-to flex their relatability muscles , filling in archetypes with nuance and color .
Of interest as a relatively early example of Chalamet 's undeniable talent -LSB- but -RSB- overall an ostentatiously stylized farrago of coming-of-age clichés and crime-movie tropes .
Hot Summer Nights is unconventionally amusing , spits in the face of its own flaws , and yet , still somehow manages to impress .
Not terribly original , with it playing like the director watched Risky Business , Boogie Nights and Blow a little too closely - but still entertaining .
I would n't call it the best movie of the summer , it is in fact the most ideal .
In `` Hot Summer Nights , '' Chalamet proves he 's learned Hollywood 's most important trick of all : consistency .
Falling into the same trap as many nostalgia pieces before it , it stops being about a lived time or place , and seems content to just be about other movies .
For me , it mostly proved a waste of time .
`` Hot Summer Nights '' does n't have that special hook to pull viewers in , presenting feeble sensuality and overcooked dramatics , which only seem to emphasize the picture 's substantial shortcomings .
Feels like a `` Miami Vice '' episode ripped out of some sensitive and nostalgic teen dude 's diary .
The film 's second half feels like it crawls at a snail 's pace , only watchable because of Chalamet 's offhanded charisma .
Chalamet and Monroe sparkle , but the movie around them is a dull and contrived coming-of-age/learning-to-deal - weed melodrama
A flashy coming-of-age story elevated by a few terrific performances .
Bynum 's messy debut film is only bearable thanks to Chalamet 's charisma .
A sizzle reel of romantic vice and nostalgia that wears out its welcome fairly fast , leaving a magazine spread of flash , color , and play-acted anguished youth that you can tap your toes to . But jukeboxes are n't movies .
Essentially a humid , fantastically soundtracked pile of screenwriting clichés about a disaffected teen discovering sex , drugs , and trouble one Cape Cod summer circa 1991 .
Like the teenagers at its center , Hot Summer Nights tries too hard to look cooler than it ever could be .
Bynum swerves this story into gangster territory without an exit strategy . It 's as if he felt the movie was always one ingredient shy of having a distinct taste of its own , and kept adding things to the mix until he ran out of time .
-LSB- Elijah Bynum -RSB- solicits strong performances from his young cast - especially Timothée Chalamet as the teenage fish out of water - and blends humor and increasingly dark sensibility to good effect .
Elijah Bynum 's directorial debut , Hot Summer Nights , is a brazen anti-coming-of-age thriller that oozes with all the right confidence , chutzpah , and passion .
Hot Summer Nights is a sneaky slice of dark Americana , a gorgeously shot , hard truth coming-of-age tale rendered through a lens of innocence and grandeur , a sexy 20th century fairy tale .
Like a teen New England Goodfellas . That 's not to discredit Bynum 's own style . He would n't earn the Goodfellas comparison unless the style was self-assured and expressing character , and it is .
Visually atmospheric but tonally all over the place , Hot Summer Nights , a first feature by Elijah Bynum , has much to appreciate but ultimately possesses the sampler-platter vibe of a director 's demo reel .

@highlight

Hot Summer Nights is easy on the eyes and clearly indebted to some great films , but its strengths -- including a charismatic young cast -- are often outweighed by its uninspired story .