Completely disposable ...
A film that fails to make the most of a good cast and a great premise .
A bland and baffling oddity ...
The stars play strangers on an odd road trip who are meant to be finding things out about each other : if you were put next to either of them on a plane , you would quickly regret your seating assignment .
Constantly screws up even its own mid-sized ambitions .
a far-fetched story , told in a rather unappealing way .
Despite some amusing lighthearted moments , the film stumbles when it attempts to be more profound .
Arthur Newman is overwhelmed with arty ambitions and a heavy-handed acting style . Ultimately , all the weight prevents the film from taking off and soaring .
Obviously the theme of `` Arthur Newman '' is the American dream of starting over , but Johnston 's screenplay hits it so obviously that it loses its resonance .
A strange film about dysfunctional people directed with good pace by Dante Ariola in his feature film debut highlighted by fine performances by Colin Firth and Emily Blunt .
Academy-award winner Colin Firth seems to be doing someone a favor by agreeing to play Walter Avery/Arthur Newman .
Ariola ca n't keep the proceedings moving forward , wallowing in the blue mood for far too long . It makes a decent movie with something to share about the exhaustion of defense mechanisms into a slog that leaves its actors high and dry .
An offbeat , sometimes self-congratulatory road movie romance .
Firth and Blunt give life -LRB- and flawless American accents -RRB- to this restrained , and occasionally bland , road trip flick .
Firth 's performance alone would have been enough to hail this film by director Dante Ariola . Toss in an equally powerful performance by Blunt , and the film turns to a masterwork of acting .
Often-somber drama has language , sex , drinking .
They embark on one of those maundering , life-lessony odysseys that filmmakers love but audiences rarely do .
This is a decidedly minor effort , directed by Dante Ariola with a bland , generic eye , missing the pathos of interesting drama and the charm of quality romantic cinema .
One of those many indies that exist to give actors a chance to go slumming .
Well-acted but ultimately unmemorable ...
A slow , lethargic journey to nowhere , full of pseudo-profound dialogue and generic indie-drama plotting .
If anything , Arthur Newman is a reminder that some lonely people are lonely for a good reason .
Without a satisfying finale , Arthur Newman might come across as just an acting exercise . If so , it 's still an impressive one .
The film equivalent of a dysfunctional computer sloppily assembled from discarded parts of other machines .
The promise it begins with does n't pay off . And while `` Arthur Newman '' is not a complete disaster , it does leave you wishing the romance and the ride had been a whole lot smoother .
How can two performers as charming as Colin Firth and Emily Blunt make a movie with so little charm ?
It 's almost its own genre in indie films : Boring middle-aged man tired of his existence meets up with free-spirited but troubled younger woman . Romance and newfound meaning ensue .
Arthur Newman fails to finesse an essential problem : how to make a boring man interesting .
Rent `` Something Wild '' instead . It tells a similar story with style , humor and pathos .
`` He was kind of boring , '' Kevin says to Mina about his dad . `` I mean , the lectures . '' And boring he remains .
When Firth first falls into his tattered seductress 's game , he changes so violently into the arduous lover , it feels false , an acting exercise , which is all this movie really adds up to .
OK , so hear me out . This movie is about Colin Firth having hot , dress-up sex with this drifter named Mike .
For the most part , the film is very basic , a simple drama about the dangers of avoiding responsibility , but there are occasional flairs of eccentricity .
An artificial exercise about people who are synthetic in more ways than one .
The script of `` Arthur Newman , '' written two decades ago by Becky Johnston , cries out for deadpan anonymity , not the charismatic likes of these two .
Director Dante Ariola and writer Becky Johnston have such a strong idea at the core of Arthur Newman that it 's all the more frustrating when they follow it down the most familiar path .
Has two excellent actors on board and not a singular character who feels real as written .
Arthur Newman an intentionally listless story about a boring everyman .
Ariola is genuinely into character , making sure you get enough glimpses into the lives of these people so you may glean a sense of what ails these damaged souls .
Throughout Dante Ariola 's film , the expressions of the false-identity theme are multitudinous , and about as subtle as Wallace 's choice for a new last name .
The resolution for both characters , in a finale that turns disappointingly conventional , is so sad that it left me depressed beyond hope .
A wistful , well-acted run-away-to-find-yourself dramedy
You 'll soon wish the film were about someone a bit more exciting ...
Fun for a bit , things soon turns silly ...
Road movie about two unhappy people who take on new identities only to find they still have to face their problems .
Fine work by Colin Firth and Emily Blunt provides the movie 's soul , but one ca n't help but wonder how much more resonant a bolder approach to the material might have been .
The film seemed to sputter along without truly lifting off .
The generic feel that 's been hard-wired into virtually everything that transpires within Arthur Newman grows more and more disheartening as time progresses ...
Ariola is trying maintain a tricky balance : we have to know Arthur 's green-grey world to understand what he 's trying to escape from . But unfortunately the man is the movie and movie is wearisome .

@highlight

Despite the natural charisma of its leads , Arthur Newman does little with its intriguing setup , and the result is bland and unconvincing .