Coherence resembles a postgrad science project masquerading as drama .
It turns , rather wonderfully , into a small , nasty little fable about feeling regret and wishing to have a different life .
Coherence is a smart , tense genre outing that thoroughly shows up big-budget tent-poles with its superior inventiveness .
Keep your ears open and your eyes peeled because Coherence is all about the details .
A no-budget , mind-bending exercise in the fragility of human relationships with a bit of quantum physics thrown in , Coherence is thoughtful and well-made thriller with a hint of mystery to it that simmers nicely below the surface .
It 's a great little movie , intelligent and creepy .
Coherence 's brilliance comes from forcing the question of whether we truly know what we 're capable of .
Coherence is , at times , somewhat incoherent , but always on the right side of farcicality .
Considering how much of the film consists of a single group of people becoming increasingly unhinged in a suburban living room , it 's impressive how effectively Byrkit manages to suggest multiple realities and ominous other worlds .
One of its strengths is the attention it pays to character . Scrape away the sci-fi trappings and this emerges as a caustic , closely observed drama about some narcissistic California types with obvious tensions in their lives .
An entertaining , if talky , slice of indie sci-fi that involves one freaky comet and eight good-looking Californians .
Coherence proves that you do n't need a big budget to make a big impression . A few bright ideas are much more valuable .
Clever and compelling , though never quite breaking through the sense of artifice .
An ambitious physics and time-bending , relationship drama with solid performances from the two main characters .
The characters are flat and indistinct , and the actors lack the ability to give impact to the supposedly shocking revelations about their relationships , let alone do justice to the big ideas at the film 's core .
There is still enough here to detain sci-fi conspiracy theorists and a low-key pay off is nicely handled .
It 's best not to know too much more going in , but suffice it to say Byrkit 's parable about choices and how they make us who we are has an eerie potency .
Cleverly blending an interpersonal drama with a sci-fi thriller , writer-director James Ward Byrkit creates a riveting little gem on a remarkably low budget .
By presenting its ideas in a well-structured , appealingly fleshed-out fashion it lives up to its name in more ways than one .
While the character motivations in this film are pretty strange , the acting is solid by a cast of relative unknowns . This is a thought-provoking , complex science fiction story .
At its unstable core , it 's about our inner fears of fracturing -- splitting into strange selves or unstable identities . Toys cleverly with its cast 's generic-ness . An inspired riff on stuck-here-together horror ; not a locked-room but unlocked-house mystery .
... an erratic yet watchable sci-fi mind-twister .
While Coherence takes the superficial form of a horror movie , it 's ultimately too talky to be scary .
The larger questions Coherence asks us to consider about parallel worlds are interesting , if not exactly original , while absurdist touches help elevate it from more traditional thrillers .
Plotted out with a dizzying attention to spot-the-difference detail , -LSB- it -RSB- remains a film concerned with questions of ethics no less than of physics , as it shows how we are all constructed , compromised and confined in the image of our moral choices .
The cast all play an integral part in us going along with the science of the story and there 's a real sense of disorientation as the group dynamic is put under stress and begins to fracture .
Great use of handheld photography and minimal light without falling into the found-footage trap . Coherence makes Byrkit a filmmaker to watch .
A ` Twilight Zone ' dinner party whose guests frankly wear out their welcome .
Weird and Weirder
At once a suspenseful mind game and a wily mash-up of surreal quantum physics theories , this low-cost thriller proves that something approaching brilliance is not just a function of budget .
James Ward Byrkit completes his journey from storyboard artist ... to writer-director with this overextended but mostly enjoyable trip into the Twilight Zone .
If Rod Serling had hired Robert Altman to direct a `` Twilight Zone '' episode , it might have turned out something like this .
... grounds a mounting sense of paranoia among a set of credibly flawed relationships before doling out its eerie revelations with care .
The questions Byrkit raises about the intermingling of previously separate realities may be more inspired than some of the answers that his out-of-their-depth characters stumble upon , but the implications are quietly terrifying nonetheless .
Coherence is the most convoluted shaggy dog story you 'll have heard in quite some time - a shaggy Schrodinger 's cat .
A well done , messed up little movie that screws with your head in a good way .
James Ward Byrkit rocks the metaphysical world with his mind-bending look at duality as told like a campfire horror story .
It has just about everything I like in a sci-fi movie , and it 's a tense , involving , brain-bending success .
The film generates fear and mistrust with very little in the way of effects , gore or outright scares .
Byrkit 's is an exactingly proportioned blueprint for well-paced cerebral freakouts , downplayed humor , and the humblest of special effects .
The film 's not perfect-the hand-held camerawork sometimes distracts from the unnerving mood-but it 's a good , spooky mind-bender .
Chilling , visceral , and yet cerebral in both execution and scope , it needs only its scathingly intelligent writing , incisive grasp of human nature , and a special effects budget that requires little more than glow sticks to make its points .
It ties your mind in so many knots you eventually give up trying to work out whether any of it makes a lick of sense . It 's part of the film 's genius , really .
-LSB- The -RSB- surprises , while cleverly doled out over the film 's brisk 88-minute running time , do n't entirely offset the general displeasure of spending time with this particular circle of friends , lovers and old flames ...
A mild form of Lynchian terror is unleashed . It 's also rather funny .
Flighty but fun romp in a gravitation field built for eight .
There 's more suspense in this low budget dialogue-driven sci-fi thriller than many effect-heavy , $ 100 million + blockbuster wannabes .
Coherence is a smart , spooky and supremely satisfying mind-bender that proves lo-fi does n't have to mean low ambition .
So invested in showing off how smart it is , in demonstrating the ways its narrative reflects some fundamentally complex ideas , that it fails to hit home emotionally .
Deploys twisty sci-fi concepts to warp the almost-clichéd dinner-party soap opera into a horror story of the human condition in the face of quantum philosophy .
`` Coherence '' is proof that inventive filmmakers can do a lot with a little .
Coherence is a gentle film , but you walk away from it with your brain on fire .
This less you know , the more you will enjoy this this nifty thriller , which craftily makes the most of its micro-budget to maximize a deliciously mind-bending story .
What began as a nifty puzzle feels more like a trap . It may be possible to unkink this story , but when characters and performances are as unengaging as these , it 's hard to feel motivated to try .
It 's not afraid to lose the audience because that puts them in the shoes of its characters , who fumble about trying to very badly solve a grad-level physics class puzzle together .
The conceit is alluringly mind-bending without ever seeming off-puttingly brainy .
Slightly too much like an unfolding mathematical puzzle , although an ingenious one that reaches a chilling conclusion .
Gets points for both effort and entertainment value - even if viewers will be hard-pressed to find much coherence in his convoluted plot .
An uncommonly clever genre movie , reliant not on special effects-of which there are basically none-but on heavy doses of paranoia .
Complex , suspenseful , unpredictable and increasingly profound . One of those rare sci-fi movies with a brain . You 'll want to see it again .
Writer/director James Ward Byrkit , in his feature debut , achieves effective chills with only eight actors and a living room ...
With a small cast , largely one-location setting and virtually no special effects , it 's a triumph of low-budget filmmaking that gets your heart racing -- and your brain , too .
Coherence 's characters are n't especially nice , but they do feel painfully normal , with a plausibility to their actions that extends to the half-smart way they react to their situation .
Although his film is in part about the bad choices individuals make under duress , Byrkit has more on his mind than self-involved people leaping into me-first mode the second that disaster strikes .
Strangely subtle , supernatural mindbender ...
-LSB- Byrkit 's -RSB- premise has Buñuelian potential , but too often he settles for the shocks of a Twilight Zone episode .
The Rod Serling tension Byrkit is angling for never quite arrives , nor does any real Borgesian frisson .
Coherence is no-budget filmmaking at its most delectably inventive .
The results are n't exactly compelling , but writer/director James Ward Byrkit does have a superb way of ratcheting up the suspense and mystery of the story , making it the rare movie that actually improves as it unfolds .
An ingenious micro-budget science-fiction nerve-jangler which takes place entirely at a suburban dinner party , Coherence is a testament to the power of smart ideas and strong ensemble acting over expensive visual pyrotechnics .
A low-budget sci-fi indie that doubles , and triples , and quadruples , as a truly original existential horror movie .
Theatre of the Absurd sci-fi with `` Twilight Zone '' touches , all it lacks is that tricky word that is its title -- `` Coherence ''
The film 's impression of personas is less traditionally sinister than representative of its inquiry into identity and what happens when social barriers begin to fall away .
You have to love a film that not only explains the concept of Schrödinger 's cat but also includes a joke about it .
The true strength of the film is its ability to keep you questioning and thinking ahead , working out what is happening and ultimately fuming over how frustratingly nuts it is .
The result is a low-key mind-bender that feels half-scripted , half improvised , and -- for the most part -- rather surprisingly compelling .
Taut , plausible , and metaphysically terrifying , it is an object lesson that there is no restriction in a great idea .
This is the kind of movie I 'm always hoping to discover at a film festival .
An unsatisfactory conclusion ruins an engaging and promising idea .
If you 're into indie sci-fi in the vein of `` Primer '' or `` Another Earth , '' where the thrills up the spine come from ideas rather than visual effects , get a ticket now to see James Byrkit 's mindbender `` Coherence . ''

@highlight

A case study in less-is-more filmmaking , Coherence serves as a compelling low-budget calling card for debuting writer-director James Ward Byrkit .