Your nan 's fave starring Judi Dench also just happens to be a putrid ode to colonialism . What fun !
The film is sharp in how it illustrates the palace games for power . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
An Indian Muslim in Queen Victoria 's Court
I 'm enjoying the chemistry here , but I do n't know if I love the movie as much .
This is a very warm story about an unusual relationship surrounded by palace intrigue , power struggles and jealousy . It is about the loneliness of a world-weary Queen who finds the emotional support she needs in a man from a very different culture .
Victoria & Abdul is easy , too , in the way that a well-constructed film should be . It 's a combination of Oscar-worthy acting , crisp writing , beautiful cinematography and gorgeous costume designs .
... light , pleasant in its development and enjoying a lack of force in its conclusion . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
For fans of Judi Dench , Victoria and Abdul will be utterly worth it-but as much as it pains me to say it , this film suffers from a lack of bravery .
It 's charming , whimsical , and at times even a joy to watch , just do n't think too hard about what it all means .
It 's not chapter-and-verse what happened during Victoria 's Golden Jubilee . But , as entertainment , it suffices quite nicely .
This is a film that is best enjoyed not thinking about actual British history ... Instead , it should be measured against similarly BBC-produced period pieces , resplendent with gorgeous costumes , exquisite sets and parlor-room drollery .
The story is a bit thin , and some elements are difficult to believe , but it 's thoroughly engaging .
Dench , who will likely earn another Oscar nomination for playing the same character , is flat-out terrific in conveying Victoria 's complex mix of sadness , loneliness and the glee she feels by simply doing as she pleases .
Judi Dench 's Oscar-worthy second turn as Queen Victoria is a poignant portrait of fading power and human connection .
... a flimsy and partial biopic . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Stephen Frears wraps the characters with his camera , lets them act and represent their own way . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Stephen Frears seems to feel more attracted by the nostalgic imprint of the situation than by a deeper approach to the context of this rare link . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
-LSB- Stephen Frears -RSB- shows ... how two beings that in appearance would not have much in common , end up being almost like soul mates . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
-LSB- Victoria & Abdul -RSB- falls into easy manipulation and cliched characters . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Victoria and Abdul is an amusing dramedy ... but it works better as a book .
Even if it feels like a missed opportunity at times , the film is handsomely mounted and spotlights an intriguing historical footnote with flair .
While Dench 's performance is convincing , there is a distinct lack of chemistry between the pair .
-LSB- STephen Frears -RSB- seems to have run out of ideas , despite Dench 's riveting turn as Queen Victoria , Empress of India .
... the sumptuous -LRB- or bombastic -RRB- melodrama is not lacking : Victoria & Abdul recreates in its own majesty ... falling into the sins of Orientalism . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Packaged tightly with endearing charm and soul-gratifying beauty , this British drama eschews all aristocratic stuffiness , favoring humor and earned poignancy .
Awareness is where Frears balances both humour and drama because it 's the core of the story , emotionally and politically . We can laugh at the politesse disguising denial , at the court 's love of the crusty status quo , but Abdul is the emissary of change .
Victoria 's story has been told pretty thoroughly , and this was probably Abdul 's only shot on the big screen . It 's such a shame they wasted it .
Writer Lee Hall and director Stephen Frears drop the ball with this royal escapade .
Close to being a straight-up parody of '90s - style Oscarbait .
Led gloriously by Dench ... the British point of view is portrayed vividly but the Indians ' too simplistically ... Fazal acts the naif ... The film is attractive yet sadly shallow .
The story is the biggest attraction here and it 's amazing to think that such an interesting tale has been kept hidden for so long .
Though this is a slight film Dench , as always , gives a good performance .
Victoria & Abdul is a pleasant enough time-passer . And it is a treat to see Dench on screen for great gobs of time .
Despite an uneven narrative and historical inaccuracies , Victoria and Abdul is a delightful film that deserves to be watched for Judi Dench .
Did we really need another period-dramedy about the British monarchy which , yet again , refuses to delve deeper and ask questions about the cultural and philosophical tensions that come in being royal ?
In spite of the film 's penchant to gloss over the evils of colonial times , a masterful , deeply inward-looking performance by Judi Dench ... makes it an enjoyable watch .
Victoria & Abdul may capture the ugly side of Britain 's colonial past , but its demeaning portrait of Abdul reinforces the Orientalism it purports to lampoon .
Obnoxiously , it slaps you on the back , barks some nonsense about the good old days , and laughs loudly at its own jokes . But behind those sparkling white teeth , there is a snake 's tongue . Beneath that immaculate exterior , there lies a bitter heart .
... as commercial as it is well intentioned and undoubtedly charming ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
For the most part Victoria and Abdul is an Anglophile 's delight .
Leave it to Stephen Frears -LRB- High Fidelity , The Queen -RRB- and screenwriter Lee Hall to take hold of this chickenhearted subgenre and give it a generous shot of real-world political sass .
A delightful dramedy about the Queen of England 's friendship with a 24-year-old Indian clerk .
Victoria & Abdul is a warming and twee example of film-making for a very particular demographic , but it is definitely one of the better examples of its genre .
Ravishing and sublimely subtle - aimed specifically at an older audience ... .
The film is quite enjoyable and entertaining as well , as long as you can get past some sticking points . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Profanity , etc. - also Available -RRB-
While Victoria and Abdul lacks a big punch , it does carry a hopeful message about tolerance and love across cultures .
Even if Victoria and Abdul is a lightweight next to bigger historical films , Frears ' effort is worth a look , even if only for the sake of a little charm and quality acting .
It 's too bad that the movie could n't have shown the same curiosity about Abdul 's life that Queen Victoria did .
Barely Fresh . Fun the first hour and deadly dull the second . Judi Dench 's Queen Victoria saves the film . However , she could play a lamp post and get award nominations .
It 's sort of like Driving Miss Daisy , only way more racist .
What anchors Victoria & Abdul is Dench 's performance , as she channels the many character traits -- dignity , whimsy , impertinence and crushing solitude -- that made Victoria the monarch she was .
Victoria and Abdul defines the biopic `` based on a true story . '' Not one single false step . No blurred foci .
Fans of Victoria , who are immersed in the early life of the Queen , will find this bookend fascinating .
It 's hard not to like Victoria & Abdul-but it 's all shiny surfaces . I ca n't help but to wonder how much deeper Frears might 've dug into this rich material had he directed it 20 years ago .
There 's not a whole lot to Victoria & Abdul , but fans of stories about the royals should find their thirsts satisfied .
Dench 's fearsome performance is n't worth much in a movie that so cheaply dismisses its own real-life subjects .
The kind of film that knows where its strengths reside , and how viewers are likely to react .
Though its breeziness mostly disappears after the first 30 minutes or so , thank goodness Dame Judi Dench , as the titled Queen , sticks around for the duration .
It 's funny and undemanding , and Dench is excellent . So while Victoria & Abdul does have its shortcomings , it 's also one of the films you 'll definitely want to see for yourself this autumn .
Remarkably satisfying , a piece of period entertainment that is old-fashioned in the best sense-elegant , refined , and beautifully executed .
`` Mrs. Brown , '' you 've got a lovely sequel .
What the film really needs to succeed is to make Abdul as three dimensional as Victoria , to give him as much screen time and development as she receives .
Long live the queen - Judi Dench .
Abdul 's views on British colonialism are practically a blank and that enigma is a flaw in the movie ... But it 's a beautiful looking costume drama with a dream cast , marked unsurprisingly by another lovely Dame Judi Dench performance .
Dench owns this from the minute she appears on screen .
Dench is , of course , magnificent .
The film 's attempt to portray the Queen as more politically enlightened than her courtiers is kindly but unconvincing , and many of the actors bark and behave as if participating in a spoof .
Victoria & Abdul is worth seeing for Dench 's magisterial performance and for Frears 's light but sure directorial touch . Just do n't mistake it for actual history .
This film - which is , we 're told , `` based on real events - mostly '' - tells of how the elderly queen got her groove back , so to speak .
Dench is comfortable in her role as the queen , and Fazal also seems to carry Abdul well , and the chemistry between the two actors is good .
Victoria & Abdul has more in mind than comedy . It also assays the cultural frictions created by the presence of a Muslim in this upper-class gaggle of bigots and stuffed shirts .
... a splendid period film with sharp acting performances that manages to criticize the British Empire while also accepting it as a fact of life ...
Handsomely mounted , with a fine Judi Dench performance , but fails to give much sense of other characters ' inner life
While the film is definitely amusing and touching , it , for whatever reason , never quite grows into hilarious or moving .
It 's content to allow the queen to be cute and cranky , and Abdul to be charming . We receive the film 's timely lesson about how a Muslim person of color might teach something to the lily-white British elites , and it 's all very tidy and self-satisfied .
It 's up to historians to assess how accurate this funny , charming film is to the details of Queen Victoria 's last years , but its use of poetic license is impeccable .
It 's a neatly executed lark but one that eventually becomes ensnared in the colonialism it seeks to expose .
Whether `` Victoria & Abdul '' holds up to historical scrutiny is up for debate - the prologue says the film is `` based on true events ... mostly '' - but Dench , as always , is the real deal .
Frears has n't just made an historical recreation ; he has made a movie containing a message with universal implications for all places and times when racism rears its head .
What to make of such a remarkable bit of history ? Alas , for director Stephen Frears , the answer is `` not much '' -LRB- though what is there is certainly splendid to look upon -RRB- .
There may yet come a more documentary account of Victoria 's late-life infatuation with one of her subjects . For now , enjoy this one with a grain of salt and a hearty chuckle .
`` Victoria and Abdul '' is hampered by the restrictions of a Hollywood period piece : It 's glossy and sentimental , with a feel-good message about racial prejudice .
-LSB- W -RSB- hile the film sympathizes with both of these characters , it does so in very different ways .
A film of solid craftsmanship led by another royally magnificent performance by Judi Dench .
Those who dismiss the film based on this reading are well within their rights , but the severe lack of characterization the film gives to Abdul , a byproduct of its imperialist tendencies , is what really damns it .
Victoria & Abdul feels like Downton Abbey Lite , a chamber drama of manners , minus the raw conflict necessary to elevate this material to any level of memorable .
The tale of Queen Victoria and Abdul Karim ... is one that 's good and true and worth telling . But the way that `` Victoria and Abdul '' slops it around is - mostly - hogwash .
Frears rightfully showcases Dench , and she is , simply , great . But he and writer Lee Hall shortchange Abdul , making him not a caricature , but more an outline of a character .
Is there a more monarchial actress alive than Dench ? She could play Victoria in her sleep .
Victoria and Abdul is bizarrely Imperial .
In Victoria & Abdul , the Empress of India comes off honest , loving and decent . That seems deaf as well as stupid .
Deftly directed by Stephen Frears , the film is funnier than you might expect . The opening sequence alone is a mini masterpiece of pacing . And Dench gets to show enormous range .
The movie ultimately all comes down to Dench , and the film becomes a frame of her performance . It 's a great performance .
Victoria & Abdul is Dench 's show .
-LSB- An -RSB- utterly enjoyable comedy-drama .
The whole jolly affair plays like a delicious sick burn aimed at patronizing Western colonialism .
Not content with a simple erasure of colonial violence under the veil of a feel-good prestige pic , Stephen Frears opts for full-on degradation in his latest film Victoria & Abdul .
The chief - though hardly the only - problem with Victoria & Abdul is that too much political correctness proves to be as bad for drama as too little .
While this is a well told , eye-opening story , it is can be slow in parts . The acting is very good , as is the ambience created by the production design .
Judi Dench can do no wrong , and playing Queen Victoria for the second time in the richly satisfying Victoria and Abdul is an acting lesson par excellence that proves how rapturous it is to watch this great artist do everything right .
Uneven but endearing , a tempest in a Mad Hatter teacup .
Dench is fabulous in fascinating but underdeveloped story .
Abdul does n't seem to fear the loss of his homes and station - he appears mainly to want to stay close to his special friend . Ignoring the rich complexity of these circumstances diminishes the history and its participants .
Anglophiles will find a lot to love in Victoria & Abdul , a pleasant time that stands out thanks to Judi Dench in a return as Queen Victoria and a screenplay that delves into royal parlor games with glee .
... ultimately , there 's just not enough in the tale or script for her to keep it fully buoyant .
Special emphasis is put on Abdul 's religious identity ; he 's a Muslim begging acceptance by the West . This over-obvious metaphor ruins the film 's momentarily fable-like vision .
Like a Bill Clinton-style Democrat , though , a film such as this one that would have been a huge success in the 1990s today simply reminds us that the species to which it belongs is vanishing .
If you crave a fix of Brit royalty while waiting for The Crown Season 2 - or are a Dench fan , and who is n't ? - this is your jam .
The pomp , circumstance and formality of the royal office are shown in detail , making my anti-royalist blood boil with its sheer decadence . The look of the film , though , outshines the uninspired story .
Watching Dame Judi is a sheer delight , indeed a privilege , and is surrounded by a cast befitting her presence . Let the nay-sayers carp as they will : I thoroughly enjoyed Victoria & Abdul .
Even taking acknowledged liberties with what 's billed as a `` mostly '' a true story , `` Victoria & Abdul '' is such a fascinating , relevant slice of history it 's a shame that the movie is n't a bit less superficial .
There are multiple pleasures to be had by witnessing a powerful , still-vital woman finding unexpected late-life joy of the platonic variety .
The two leads are superb . And the idea that two people -- separated by class , a creed , a continent and half a century - could still share such a perfect bond of innocent friendship seems like an awfully important one .
Judi Dench Is a royal pleasure , but the film-a shallow look at Queen Victoria 's friendship with an Indian Muslim clerk - fails to examine complicated cultural , historical questions .
Even in a movie that 's meant to explore Abdul 's role in the last days of Victoria 's reign , he is an abstraction , pleasant but unknowable .
The film is a comforting , middlebrow arthouse release in the old Miramax tradition . But it does have Dench , who is perfection as the stubborn , lonely queen and the production can not be faulted .
Karim does n't need to be a fierce anti-colonial advocate-that might be a bit of a historical jump-but to try and focus on their human connection absent of the conflicts of nation feels dishonest or irresponsible .
This is more a film about Victoria than Abdul , but their relationship has a timely message about acceptance and understanding between different cultures . Very pleasant indeed .
The stories do n't quite mesh , but somehow it all works .
Queen Victoria may well have been genuinely interested in Indian life in general , and the life of the Indian man she befriended in particular . But this genteel , self-satisfied movie does n't begin to share her curiosity , much less earn yours .
In the shift from comedy to drama the movie goes wobbly . The narrative of cross-cultural understanding by way of individual affinity is a comforting but ultimately dubious one .
There is nothing like this dame when she plays a queen . Judi Dench shines again in a surprising royally entertaining tale from the great Stephen Frears .
-LSB- Judi Dench 's -RSB- acting gravitas is strong enough to make even the lightest of stories automatically feel like they have more girth .
We are somewhat amused . Not a lot . But somewhat .
With no desire to explore the political dynamics , the film is prevented from achieving anything more than a slight comedy of manners . But how mannered they look in those impeccable costumes and with the occasional self-effacing wink .
Stephen Frears is a master at telling royal tales and apt at keeping this unrequited love story energized and compelling .
Victoria And Abdul fails to make much of a case for its characters ' friendship apart from the fact that it seems pretty nice .
Dench reigns supreme . Her Victoria -LSB- , -RSB- in marked contrast to the po-faced spinster of popular legend , she is bored by the elites who surround her , hungry for human contact , lit by gusts of girlish enthusiasm . The old girl is young at heart .
By privileging the white characters in its narrative , Victoria & Abdul exposes itself as insidiously hypocritical .
As this is such an interesting true story -LRB- or a `` mostly '' true story as an opening caption reveals -RRB- , this feels like a cop-out . At times , I was convinced I could see the ghost of a grittier early draft .
Dench is captivating as the cantankerous queen , but Fazal is n't able to flesh out Abdul , who is thinly sketched on the page .
Dench , predictably , is superb . A shame , then , that at times she appears to have been cast in Carry on Vic .
Lest we accept the court 's view of Abdul as an Oriental charlatan , the film goes all out in its efforts to portray him as a wide-eyed innocent abroad . Consequently , we never really get to the heart of Victoria 's attachment to him .
Victoria & Abdul is outwardly far more shameless - full of glib cross-cultural jokes , whether it 's Indians marvelling at English barbarity or the racist quips dished out by Abdul 's foes .
The charm quickly palls in Victoria and Abdul , a watery sequel of sorts to Mrs Brown that salvages what lustre it can from its octogenarian star , the indefatigable Judi Dench .
Victoria And Abdul offers a shamelessly saccharine version of British imperial history and seems to imply that the Raj was a bumbling , genial regime rather than a rapacious foreign occupation .
Ultimately , Victoria and Abdul may not have the Oscar-friendly weight of that film - but if you 're after an engaging , entertaining historical drama that teaches you something you never knew before , then this one will certainly fit the bill .
Dench and Fazal are tremendous and one is mostly amused .
... Victoria and Abdul turns out to be a far fuller , edgier film than the marketing ever really hinted at .
Charming based-on-fact British costume dramedy gently snarks about power and propriety but cuts a lot deeper when it comes to bigotry and bootlicking .
Judi Dench 's performance rules over the production just as surely as Victoria rules over her subjects .
There 's both pointed mischief and genuine emotion in abundance as this fascinating true story emerges from the shadows of history .
Victoria & Abdul feels awfully like Mrs Brown 2 but Dench is just as good and you are hugely invested in the emotional wellbeing of the elderly monarch . She is the film 's saviour .
The film is a pleasant valentine to the notion of nations getting along , however distant a dream that might seem at the moment .
You already know what it will be like - but that is a plus in this case .
Dench is fine , but the film is a chore and a bore .
A Sunday night-ish affair whose larky tone grows tiring fast .
A sorta-sequel to Mrs Brown deals effectively with another of Queen Victoria 's unconventional friendships and reprises Judi Dench 's powerful and unparalleled portrayal .
Feels like it could be the death knell of the middling monarch movie genre altogether .
This is a light , enjoyable account of an episode that once again reveals the silliness of the whole royal façade . And who knew that Queen Victoria set the trend for Britain 's love of curry ?
-LSB- Dame Judi Dench -RSB- is haughty and imperious when she needs to be but brings quiet humour and tenderness to the role too .
... Dench sets a cracking clip , forcing the rest of the movie to keep up with her impish , sly and open-hearted performance .
Dench 's imperious performance keeps the film afloat , but as a piece of storytelling , Victoria and Abdul is disturbingly glib .
It 's surprisingly effective .
For the most part ... Frears and co poke fun at the monarchy and do a decent job at presenting the complex relationship between India and England .
A real life story given the Stephen Frears treatment in this predictably congenial British drama .
A royal treat .
The royal performance by Judi Dench as Queen Victoria is the crowning glory of the film
Surprising , engaging , funny and poignant , this is a delightful film - and one to savour .
... a satisfyingly sweet confection which will find , and please , its audience .
Victoria & Abdul is a visually handsome and intermittently very entertaining film , but it 's -LSB- Judy -RSB- Dench who gives it a much-needed lift .
We have passed the stage where it was fair to say that Dame Judi Dench was born to play Queen Victoria . I think we might now venture that Queen Victoria was born to be played by Judi Dench .
Victoria & Abdul does not-and cannot-sustain the buoyant humor that begins Frears ' film . But no matter that it ends in tears , because for a while we 've had a wonderful glimpse of what it must have been like for a queen who had everything .
Stephen Frears knows how to keep the culture-clash comedy bright and sprightly , and Lee Hall has written a script which can be charming fun while having a few digs at racism and snobbery along the way .
An as effective as routinary walk by the majesty of Judi Dench . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It is difficult to work out what to dislike most about Victoria & Abdul : the literal foot-licking or the cliché-riven plot .
The film is called `` Victoria & Abdul '' but it only ever lives up to one half of its title .
God save Dame Judi Dench . The one-woman powerhouse has , at 82 years of age , given a career-high turn in Victoria and Abdul .
This is kid-gloves historical storytelling . It 's sometimes amusing , and occasionally touching , but there 's nothing here to scare the horses .
Frears ' film is all nostalgia and inertia - a tale ablaze with historical import and contemporary resonance , reduced to commemorative biscuit tin proportions .
Just do n't expect cutting-edge historical revisionism from this affably anachronistic production .
The sizable constituency that turns out for glossy period drama of this kind will embrace the sumptuously appointed Victoria & Abdul as a moving account of an isolated old woman finding joy and lightness in her final years .
What a peculiarly dodgy , conservative film this is - a lazy salute to a good queen and her faithful Indian servant .
`` Guess Who 's Coming to Dinner '' served with mango chutney .
Frears ' lightweight , charismatic movie is n't about to change cinema , but it 's the kind of easy , breezy crowd pleaser that wins festival audience awards and easily enchants audiences of all ages .
There 's not much to Victoria & Abdul , but as a delivery system for Judi Dench , it serves its purpose . Otherwise , it 's just Buckingham Palace fetishism cranked up to peak mumsy .

@highlight

Victoria & Abdul reunites Dame Judi Dench with the role of Queen Victoria -- which is all this period drama needs to overcome its imbalanced narrative .