There 's no beauty or inspiration in the film 's shooting style , and most importantly , no terror . If this is `` ingenious '' horror filmmaking , as the programme note suggests , get me off this planet .
Despite thinking you may know where the story is headed , it continually subverts expectations and in places it does n't , there 's at least quality entertainment .
This is n't the most exhilarating or groundbreaking endeavor of the horror genre , yet its cinematic and visual modus operandi works like a charm .
Rather than letting their budgetary constraints hold back their story , Prowse and Lee let their stunning visuals and compelling story do all the heavy lifting , creating a horror tale that 's as scary as it is endearing .
Afflicted may be slightly more entertaining than most others films of the same type , but it 's still unable to hide the fact that it 's just as empty as most of them as well .
When it comes to the ongoing cycle of handheld horror films at the local movie theater , there are far worse choices than a movie like Afflicted .
Lee and Prowse clearly have filmmaking abilities , but Afflicted does n't feel complete . It 's more of a cinematic sharpening stone than a deeply considered merging of genre and style .
A mix of `` Innocent Blood , '' and Cronenberg 's `` The Fly , '' with a hefty injection of `` Chronicle . ''
There 's life yet in the found-footage horror genre .
The best found-footage movie since CHRONICLE . Ambitious , and beautifully shot .
`` Afflicted '' is as emotionally involving as a really accomplished special-effects sizzle reel .
Runs smack into a number of generic clichés , from the back-and-forth bickering about how to deal with the situation to a lazy underlying misogyny .
`` Found footage '' has become a tired technique , but Lee and Prowse , who also wrote the screenplay , give it new life .
smart enough to fill the void with an intriguing idea , effectively executed
A nifty found-footage thriller that marks a promising debut for writing-directing duo Clif Prowse and Derek Lee .
Ambitious in scope and practically flawless in execution , Afflicted is good news for horror fans seeking something fresh and chilling from two impressively assured young filmmakers .
Multiple shots are thrillingly disorienting without straying into incoherence-a tricky line to walk-and it 's genuinely hard to tell whether certain effects -LSB- ... -RSB- are practical or computer-generated .
... illustrates the full cycle of evolution that the genre has endured since it first creeped us out .
-LSB- Afflicted -RSB- evokes the escalating panic of a nightmare far better than the usual cheap horror film .
Nonetheless , we all know this terrain pretty well by now , and as Derek begins to change , each phase of his transformation feels overly familiar to anyone with a working knowledge of popular horror tropes .
Afflicted is an unconventional horror movie with the guts to successfully reinvent not only one stale horror subgenre - but two .
Cool , creepy stuff that should please horror nuts and relative scaredy-cats in equal measure .
... the movie 's appealing , affable atmosphere -LSB- is -RSB- perpetuated by both the first-person presentation and the personable nature of the two central characters .
A step in the right direction for the burgeoning filmmaking style that still needs to figure out how to tell stories as inventive as its techniques , or at least find ways not to completely discombobulate viewers with the ones they 're telling now .
Puts enough of a new spin on old nightmares to stake a claim all its own .
An authentic approach to outrageous material does n't just sell the film as actual found footage , it also shows remarkable intuition by first-timers Lee and Prouse .
It 's exciting , expertly done and I do n't want to tell you any more because half the fun is in the surprise .
Afflicted is one of those small films that never feels small , and it serves as a real announcement for the talents of Derek Lee and Clif Prowse as well as all of their gifted collaborators .

@highlight

It is n't without its share of clichés , but Afflicted proves there 's still life in the found-footage horror genre .