The social reach of McFarland , USA is more than the story of a team of runners and a broken-down coach who show what they are made of . It 's about community and becoming people of character , getting an education , and coming back to give back .
Not a ` great ' film per se , but definitely a worthwhile telling of a heartwarmingly Disney , sports-themed tale .
McFarland still warms the cockles , Costner 's flawed character proves watchable and everyone , particularly the younger actors gives solid performances .
It could move a little faster and be a little less proud of its own progressiveness . But McFarland is a sports movie that knows what it 's doing for the most part and ends strong .
What makes McFarland USA so successful , and so bracing , is the way that its protagonist becomes aware of something that is rarely broached in these sorts of narratives - his own privilege .
Like the best sports movies , McFarland , USA makes sure the action on the field is only one part of the cinematic spectrum . And in this case , it 's a spectrum worth seeing .
There are no great surprises here but the cultural backdrop - almost everyone in the town is Mexican - adds interest and Costner is at his most relaxed and appealing .
Niki Caro uses every device at her disposal to make a rousing , feelgood movie but risks turning the film into a glorified fairytale in the process .
McFarland , USA is a modern anomaly -- a Kevin Costner sports movie that 's genuinely rousing .
Kiwi director Niki Caro , best known for the Maori fable Whale Rider , makes underdog stories you keep wanting to get behind , and Costner 's born-again-good-guy routine does n't disappoint .
You run with it , just .
The kids are a likeable bunch and Costner , as ever , imbues the hooey with enough gravitas to make you care .
Although it does n't strictly adhere to the facts , McFarland is a treasure trove of sporting goodness , while also being a warm , human tale about love , family and learning that a high pain threshold is part of the ticket to success .
` Put Kevin Costner in it and you 've got a sporty Stand and Deliver . The script writes itself . '
The film manages to transcend these clichés to create something that is original and innovative enough to warrant a watch even for veterans of the genre .
Well intended , modest sports movie separates itself from the pack
A rousing crowd pleaser about an underdog track team that can proudly takes its place among these other fine sports films .
It gives a big-screen face to an American culture generally relegated to the margins of mainstream movies . Too bad it belabors as many stereotypes as it challenges .
In a time when organized school , college and professional sports are tainted by corruption , this is a throwback to sports movies of old . It inspires us , and shows us we are stronger united than we are when we are divided .
McFarland , USA may not take us anywhere new but it gets us to the finish line with know-how and an aim to please .
The first great film of 2015 . Kevin Costner knows his way around this kind of story and is wonderful . Inspiring .
Kevin Costner has never been more endearing than in this outing as a devoted mentor and family man .
It will make you want to sign up for a 5K immediately after ... hopefully you have the endurance to finish . Or Bull Durham as your coach ...
It hits all the predictable moments one might expect , but the solid acting jobs and incredible true story make `` McFarland , USA '' a credible sports movie that will certainly brighten your spirits .
Scrappy and stirring , it 's a feel-good , underdog sports story .
Costner may be the star , but the high school athletes also shine . After all , this `` based-on-a-true-story '' movie is their story , too .
Yes , `` McFarland USA '' has the obligatory coda where we found out how everything played out for the coach and the key members of that 1987 team . You should stick around for that .
A fine family drama that 's as much about shattering racial stereotypes and presenting a positive image of immigrant life as it is about Kevin Costner 's coach .
Initially Costner 's coach is all about ego ; he may even be using the boys to land a cushy new job . And it 's this unsportsmanlike conduct that makes this one of the more memorable recent sports movies .
Kevin Costner is suddenly the go-to star for tackling the country 's thorniest problems on screen .
Kevin Costner never steals the spotlight from the characters who play his cross-country team in this heartwarming , character-driven film .
A `` Hispanic ` Hoosiers ' '' , and I mean that with all due respect , `` McFarland , USA '' is an uplifting film that hits the right notes
The latest in a long line of condescendingly inspirational sports movies about a catalog Caucasian who learns that people of other races are also capable of being decent .
What could be an inspirational teacher-student , coach-player story keeps playing the race card of simple non-whites not being able to see their own way to prosperity without a guiding white light , who in turn learns from their unsophisticated purity .
In ways large and small , McFarland USA recognizes the problems inherent in the `` white savior '' premise and does what it can to address them , to surprisingly affecting ends .
McFarland , USA is a refreshingly optimistic look at how Latino-American and classic WASP culture can come to a rapprochement ... it is also hamstrung by the great curse of the inspirational sports film , prioritizing its message above its story
McFarland , USA , its leading man Costner and the seven novice actors who play the story 's cross-country team run their feel-good story to the finish line in inspirational style .
Despite being too long and with a totally bogus Hollywood backstory that diminishes its credibility , this is a heartwarming tale that captures the hard life of Hispanic farmworkers in California 's San Joaquin Valley and Coach Jim White 's amazing success .
Here 's a movie that should be disposable at best , and racially condescending at worst , and yet it sticks with you . It comes by its emotions honestly and wins you over .
... gives a good effort but ultimately falls short at the finish line .
One of Kevin Costner 's finest performance ... A well-told story told that is full of heart
You fall for the kids playing the runners because Caro lets their souls come through in the bus rides and the race sequences and the shameless scenes of cabbage picking .
-LSB- Costner -RSB- could have sailed through this film but he gives his role an ingrained orneriness and melancholy that lifts the entire enterprise .
You 'll root for these underdogs , all right , but hopefully for deeper reasons than just winning races and leaving those jerk opponents in their dust .
McFarland still pleases on the strength of good supporting work -LRB- especially Pratts -RRB- and its vivid sense of place . Costner really does anchor the film , however , with quiet , dignified work .
McFarland USA wo n't win any awards for originality , but it 's a prime example of a proven formula done right .
Is n't always consistent , and shows strain in the editing department , but when it finds a cozy spot of empowerment and community generosity , it charms in a big way .
Inspiration is for sale in here . And though more than a spoonful of sugar is slathered over the fact-based script , the movie delivers as promised on the thrill of the race and the lump in the throat .
McFarland , USA is by-the-numbers underdogs sport fare , but good direction and performances make it a respectable addition to the genre .
From the onset , Costner plays his incorrigible character less like a modern Gary Cooper and more like a new Archie Bunker .
When McFarland , USA does the sports thing , it 's just doing laps . But as an intro-level family film about Mexican-American relations , it 's reasonably entertaining .
McFarland , USA is a sports movie that does n't know what to do with the sport that serves as its focus .
While there 's really not much new here -LRB- aside from playing in a sport that rarely gets the time of day in Hollywood -RRB- ` McFarland , USA ' hits enough of a decent stride -LRB- Full Content Review -- Sex , Profanity , Violence , etc. -- for Parents also available -RRB-
Like the runners depicted in this heartfelt sports drama , the movie itself stands out and races past other similar fare .
The quintessential Disney feel good formula picture , so just let your heart take you away
The movie can risk being patronizing , at times . And boy , is it manipulative . But all art is manipulative , in some way . And maybe being manipulated to have a little hope is n't such a bad thing after all .
It 's all a bit much .
Yes , it 's a bit corny and convenient at times , but there 's an admiration here for hard work , ambition and battling adversity that overrides cynicism . `` McFarland , USA '' is a good film about good people ; nothing wrong with that .
There are good things to say about the inspirational Disney sports film McFarland , USA , starting with its up-from-the-scrap-heap story , which happens to be true .
McFarland , USA quickly elevates above convention into a drama that will pull your heartstrings . It is a stunningly well crafted and inspirational film .
It 's a true and simple story unencumbered by side plots , and with every character -- major and minor -- fitting neatly into place .
The strong message that `` McFarland , USA '' conveys about strength of character and hard work should not be overlooked or ignored .
If you think cross country might make for a boring film , it does n't . In fact , the movie is genuinely moving .
It took a village of fine performers to depict this close-knit town . And the list is too long to give a shoutout to everyone .
The actors who play the young runners are a mixed bag of Hollywood unknowns and actual McFarland locals , all of whom are engaging .
As it is , it 's an underdog story that follows the obvious track , though it should get there just fine if you 're pulling for it .
McFarland USA has a distinction in that it 's the rare sports movie directed by a woman . Caro 's perspective is invaluable to the film 's trajectory .
If you 've seen the trailers , you know just how saccharine and sentimental it looks like it could be , but despite being made by Disney and being rated PG , this feel-good sports movie feels surprisingly good .
-LSB- It -RSB- aims to be rousing rather than revelatory , and it mostly succeeds .
Uplift does n't come much better than this .
It might cross the finish line a bit winded , but overall proves more sure-footed than most of its inspirational sports-movie cousins .
Warm , sensitive performances and telling details
This culture-clash drama delivers an honest , moving story about the power individuals and communities can gain when defying expectations .
A canny combination of elements unites with an unlikely true story to make this more effective than you might be expecting .
If they gave Oscars for overcoming mechanical plotting and perfunctory dialogue , Mr. Costner would be this year 's shoo-in .
While `` McFarland , USA '' does n't reinvent the wheel , it does deliver in all the ways you expect that a Disney sports movie should : it 's heartwarming , handsome , and features an exceptional Costner performance at its center .
Kevin Costner 's signature knack for sports movies does little to buoy a stilted culture-clash dynamic .
Yes , there 's a formula . Yes , it 's corny . But running is about the journey , not the destination , and Disney sports movies do n't know how to quit until everyone has crossed the finish line . Bless them for it .
The lovely McFarland , USA hits the expected mile markers on the inspirational-sports-movie path while slowing down enough to craft a rich portrait of a place and its inhabitants .
Based on the true story of a fledgling high school cross country team from an economically depressed Latino community , McFarland neatly delivers an uncomplicated , heartwarming message .
`` McFarland , USA '' invokes every underdog sports movie cliche in the book , and dammit if I did n't fall for every one .
McFarland , USA is the Million Dollar Arm of 2015 : a sweet , family-friendly film that briefly tackles some important topics of race and class in America without trying too messily to give up formula and cause too much commotion .
McFarland , USA may be chock-full of inspirational sports-film cliches , but through sheer force of will -LRB- and a fine turn from Costner -RRB- , it makes it to the finish line with wit and wisdom intact .
It never rises above the ordinary .
Even the best runners occasionally stumble . It 's the finish that truly matters . Overall , McFarland , USA finds the perfect pacing on the strength of family and the power of hope presented against a sports backdrop .
Manipulative ? Sure . Inspirational ? It 's all part of the formula .
actually tugs at your heartstrings - if only a bit
At this point the inspirational coach drama has become as ritualistic as the Catholic mass , but it 's also developed an admirable social agenda of breaking down racial divisions , which is exemplified by this heartwarming Disney release .
You 've seen feel-good football and baseball movies , plus great underdog stories of boxing , basketball , soccer and cycling . So what 's left ?
`` McFarland , USA '' invokes an old sports movie trope : the inspiring coach and his noble , suffering team . But the good intentions ca n't help it sprint past cliche .
It 's no classic , but it 's one of the better entries in the multicultural inspirational sports movie genre
It demonstrates that there 's a reason Hollywood keeps turning out these inspirational sports movies : Because they work .
Caro 's direction , Costner 's performance and the winning cast , along with the shining of a sliver of light on the plight of field workers , however thin that sliver may be , combine to make `` McFarland '' a much better movie than it has any right to be .
`` McFarland , USA '' could have been a sentimental film , but it 's not , because Caro and the screenwriters bothered to know what that they were talking about .
Based on the lives of several cross-country runners whose success story began in 1987 , the script is crowded with scenes that ring true and rarely stray into conventional exposition .
The premise may sound obvious and potentially forced , but it comes off as authentic .
A less talented and more shameless director might 've turned it into cornmeal mush , but Niki Caro -LRB- `` Whale Rider '' -RRB- has delivered unto the Disney corporation a Kevin Costner sports movie that works .
Costner nails his role as Coach in this inspiring family film .
Better than you might think , thanks to strong work from Costner and a cast of fresh faces .
Inspiring , authentic proof that a legacy and a family have to start somewhere .
Kevin Costner reaches a welcome career high in this new movie , a live-action based-on-a-true-story inspirational tale of school sports , produced by Disney .
The fact that it 's based on a true story makes the formula easy to swallow - and a mid-credits coda featuring the actual men at the heart of the story was one of many nice touches .
Caro keeps the material picturesque , respectful , and respectable-without crossing the line into real inspiration .
A well-made and unabashed feel-good film that has the advantage of being true . How often do you find that ?
McFarland , USA is well-intentioned and largely inoffensive , but as any coach knows , good intentions are n't enough to go the distance .
Given the film 's Disney stamp , you can see the feel-good coming a mile away , though the plot 's never fleshed out enough to really distinguish it within the underdog-team genre .
If there 's a general air of emotional authenticity woven throughout all this garden-variety , faith-in-family hokum , it 's in the racing scenes .
Any filmmaker sufficiently engaged would have noticed that Maria Bello , as his alternately nagging/supportive wife , was seizing upon every last inch of a nothing role and given her something , anything to do .
Feel-good sports movies are all manipulative , but damned if Costner does n't make this work .
Stirring even when it is manipulative , the movie hits all the expected points without finding much new to say .
McFarland , USA abides too closely to the paradigm of Disney sports dramas , becoming schmaltzy when it yearns to be inspiring .
The film 's well made , well acted , and sometimes beautiful .
The real underdog story is how this by-the-numbers film about cross-cultural friendship , tenacity and strong work managed to go the distance without my rolling my eyes too heavily . Coach Blanco did all right .
An exciting sports film that also stands as an emotionally rich depiction of community , sharing , and generosity .
While the beats of the story are often stock , the picture benefits from sensitive direction by New Zealander Niki Caro and from a most appealing performance by Kevin Costner .
Poignant story about Latino runners a winner for families .
McFarland , USA is basically the movie you expect it to be , with the caveat that it 's a pretty good variation of said movie .
A feel-good movie that earns all those good feelings , `` McFarland , USA '' might be running on a predetermined track , but the heart it shows along the journey is what makes it a winner .
McFarland , USA risks nothing and , therefore , ultimately achieves little .
Where the picture excels is as a straightforward sports drama , and Caro delivers the satisfactions of the genre with unfussy verve .


@highlight

Disney 's inspirational sports drama formula might be old hat , but McFarland , USA proves it still works -- especially with a talented director and eminently likable star in the mix .