We 've spent an hour and a half trying to figure out their secrets . Once all is revealed , they 're no longer very interesting .
The Invitation presents audiences with characters trying to move on from terrible experiences . It also presents two different ways of approaching the healing process , and the failing of a community to support those in pain .
The Invitation is an exceptionally unnerving thriller , a sharp study in the horrors of platonic indulgence and the over-extension of courtesy .
Kusama does an expert job of unspooling the suspense .
Director Karyn Kusama makes the most of the angular , impossibly expensive house in the Hollywood Hills where almost all of the claustrophobic action takes place .
A must-see psychological thriller .
Is this a film about grief masquerading as a horror film -- or vice versa ?
A must see picture .
An emotional rollercoaster . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
I 'm glad I knew almost nothing going in , so I wo n't say much more , except that the masterful slow burn is its own payoff
If you were at a creepy dinner party , and the hosts decided to show a video of their vacation in which they spent time with a crazy cult leader in Mexico , would you stick around for the main course ?
A chillingly crafted portrait of quiet menacing uncertainty . Balefully replicates the precariousness of not being able to trust one 's own instincts .
Like Will , the movie balances on a precipice between the everyday and the fantastic . It feels like it would make sense for almost anything to happen in the movie . And then it does .
A long night of the soul for America 's laid-back , liberal classes .
A horror-thriller whose payoff does n't match the build-up .
The Invitation is a disturbing psychological thriller that will whip you into a state of paranoia with calculating manipulation of perspective
A horror drama based on the thriller . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
There 's something off with the hosts , yes , but also with the whole movie .
It starts out tense ; then it gets entertaining ; and then it gets insane .
Dinner parties , good and bad , are a rite of adult life . The Invitation is that rare thing , a horror film for grown-ups .
A film about the Apocalypse , the biblical and the personal one , The Invitation is a frightening movie about the new religion . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Psychological thrillers just do n't get any better than this .
Beautifully paced , the movie traces a steady arc from amiability to apocalypse .
John Carroll Lynch shares credit with a superb ensemble , but it 's his halcyon turn as a pitiable demon that unifies the action .
All this foreboding produces no suspense : It 's evident from the bloody prologue where `` The Invitation '' is headed .
a thumb-screw chamber drama with a premise dripping in absolute menace
Will is the proxy through which we experience the increasingly confounding web of suspicion and surprises that are obfuscated by social niceties and facades of politesse .
-LSB- T -RSB- he film transcends its simple , straightforward mystery ...
Accept `` The Invitation '' and do n't ask any more questions .
An absolute masterwork mixing horror , mystery , and drama , in to one truly haunting piece of art ...
The problem with the film is that it 's too long , forcing the reveal and making it a little too repetitive . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Karyn Kusama 's taut The Invitation is smarter than your standard reunion dinner tale gone horribly awry .
It 's an unusually evocative achievement in suspense , and in a brand of cinematic paranoia unique to the hills , canyons and denizens of LA .
Deeply cinematic ... Hay and Manfredi 's plot is complicated and satisfying and pays off , big time ... even within the sub-genre of dinner-party horror , The Invitation is one of the classy affairs ... -LSB- and -RSB- drenched in casual , comfortable diversity .
Seething paranoia in the form of slow-burn tension marks Karyn Kusama 's scalpel-sharp Hollywood Hills dinner party-gone-wrong chamber drama where agendas overlap and bite .
A film that abandons all the conventions of the genre and makes an incisive critique of human relations , framed as a creepy horror story , -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Flirts with brilliance while it maintains its mysteries , but pretty average once they 're revealed .
The Invitation maintains a unique intrigue that constantly defies expectations .
Thanks to some remarkable performances all around from its stellar cast , a deft directorial hand from Karyn Kusama , and a dark script that needles its way into your brain , it 's a story and experience you 'll not soon forget .
A skillfully executed slow-burn thriller for a cynical age .
The Invitation closes with an absolutely jaw-dropping final few minutes that more than compensates for its minor deficiencies ...
The Invitation equires a bit of patience but it rewards the attentive viewer with a remarkably intense and disturbing series of scares .
With ` The Invitation , ' director Karyn Kusama and her crew have created a little gem of a thriller . The last scene left me aghast !
It 's ruthless , the degree to which ` The Invitation ' toys with you , overwhelming the narrative with a mood of slipperiness and unsteadiness .
It 's simple stuff , but it 's remarkably effective , working to a sinister climax that largely pays off after 90 minutes of build-up .
Director Karyn Kusama lets things get a little overripe at times , but for the most part this is an effectively creepy-crawly exercise in suspense .
Karyn Kusama 's quietly chilling direction enlivens a somewhat plodding housebound thriller .
The mysteries of grief form the emotional core of director Karyn Kusama 's unsettling thriller .
Despite a solid set it , The Invitation descends into boring schlock by the third act is all the more disappointing considering what 's come before .
Kusama ratchets the story 's tension masterfully , building to a final shot that 's as chilling as it is perfect .
Karyn Kusama delivers her most accomplished work yet , The Invitation , a thriller that revels in the inherent strangeness of the dinner party social contract .
An intimate , highly effective chiller in a confined space with an armrest-grabber of a payoff .
Undoubtedly gorgeous to look at . It 's just a shame that it does n't do nearly enough to hook , before laboriously meandering to its foreseeable conclusion .
Much of the movie 's success lies with the performance of Marshall-Green , who looks -- and acts -- very much like Tom Hardy .
If the movie works as well as it does , it 's because Ms. Kusama can coax scares from shadows , silences and ricocheting looks .
This shocker of a thriller is an intelligent , atmospheric slow burn that spends its early moments on interactions and emotions , avoiding obvious exposition or setups .
Kusama 's handling of point of view is diabolically shrewd . She maximizes the terror potential of the vapidly ostentatious modernist mansion without fetishizing it . She intensifies the monstrosity of some of the characters by making them all too human .
The less you know about Karyn Kusama 's The Invitation , the better . This is true of slow-burn cinema of any stripe , but ... she slow-burns to perfection .
The cast is uniformly great , and the film is elegantly shot . But when the third act reveals the film 's intentions , it feels less like a procession of startling revelations and more like plot points are being crossed off a checklist .
A delightfully demented mystery .
The endgame -LSB- feels -RSB- slightly over the top compared to the painstaking screw-tightening of the first hour , but the film remains purposeful and specific even when it finally lets loose .
Kusama ratchets up the tension expertly ; we , like Will , become increasingly uncomfortable , seeing evil omens everywhere .
Successfully reestablishing interest in Kusama 's career , `` The Invitation '' is worth the wait .
The Invitation is a must-see for fans that enjoy an enthralling psychological thriller , but like leaving the theater unnerved even more .
Filled with such fantastic , original concepts and solid performances it does leave a lasting impression .
With the wickedly sharp The Invitation , Kusama has demanded that Hollywood give her a seat at the table . I 'd give her one - or else .
... you may not breathe until it 's over
`` The Invitation '' , a title that alludes to a part of the story , it also seems to open the doors of the plot to the audience , positioning us before a set of characters that face loss and grief , looking for answers and a way to cope . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Extremely tense and elegantly shot ...
The buildup stretches longer than it should , but the payoff comes with a satisfying bang .
A charged , unnerving turn of the screw , The Invitation is consumed by the fear of forgetting -- and , in the end , of not being able to .
Karyn Kusama 's latest effort is a magnificently weird slice of modern Americana .
A tour de force of emotionally aching transcendence and nearly unbearable slow-boiling dread and tension .
If the pay-off 's not quite as satisfying as the lead-up , Kusama 's confident handling of this odd little huis clos makes the movie an enjoyable ride , for the most part .
Anxiety-inducing and beautifully constructed , we highly recommend this intelligent , sensitive and powerful film .
Will 's irking suspicions balloon into psychological thrills , neatly edited and dimly lit by director Karyn Kusama
As the tension effectively builds and pay-off is pulled off with aplomb , The Invitation is a mostly effective small-scale thriller , despite some missteps along the way .
Those patches eventually get unsmoothable in a climactic sequence that more than pays off on the sometimes iffy buildup .
A teasingly effective thriller that builds a remarkable level of tension over the course of its 99-minute running time .
The Invitation is supremely well-crafted .
The Invitation is full of thriller clichés but neatly and consistently builds the paranoia and has an intriguing premise as the catalyst for this , which the filmmakers put to good use .
The Invitation wants to be a slow burn thriller , but it greatly over estimates how much tension it creates .
The Invitation is a slow , SLOW burn that fails to find the winning ingredient that makes for a perfect dinner party thriller .
More than a story that explores just what draws people into cults , The Invitation takes that idea a bit further and fully examines the power of grief , guilt , death and how our society tends to self-medicate rather than deal with pain straight-on .
Kusama 's confronting take on faith and fanaticism nails the cult in America 's culture wars .
If you choose to accept The Invitation , you wo n't regret it .
I love how it never lets you off the hook until the final payoff . A proper skincrawler .
The Invitation is my nightmare .
Karyn Kusama takes the backdrop of hippie dippy feel-goodery on the outskirts of Los Angeles to some nerve-jangling extremes with `` The Invitation , '' a taut thriller that almost does n't waste a single step .
A dinner-party mystery so sweat-inducingly tense that I could only watch it through laced fingers .
Karyn Kusama 's overdue return is a serious slowburn walking a carefully constructed line between suspicion and paranoia that mesmerizes through its frenzied conclusion .

@highlight

The Invitation makes brilliant use of its tension-rich premise to deliver a uniquely effective -- and surprisingly clever -- slow-building thriller .