Imagine the television series Friends with a lobotomy , and you are near to comprehending the crassness of That Awkward Moment .
That Awkward Moment is a strange mix of old-school male characters you may have met in a 90s bar , and saucy and irreverent humour sometimes pushed so hard it falls flat .
Three of the best young actors working-Zac Efron , Michael B. Jordan and Miles Teller-star in this tonal misfire that ca n't decide whether it wants to be American Pie or early David Gordon Green . And so we all suffer .
Dull , narcissistic and disconnected from humanity , That Awkward Moment contains not an ounce of real humanity or organic character development .
`` That Awkward Moment '' is perfectly titled - as in that awkward moment when your romantic comedy is n't at all romantic and often blithely unfunny .
From the outside That Awkward Moment looks like a typical , throwaway comedy but it has heart and an indie spirit that turn it into something altogether different , something that deserves to be seen .
The refreshing thing about this otherwise formulaic romantic comedy is that writer-director Tom Gormican gives the verbal humor some rhythm , shooting many of the dialogue-driven scenes in long takes so they develop a pleasing ebb and flow .
Playing like an explicit , junior equivalent of Sex And The City combined with the emotional immaturity that Adam Sandler delivers with his own style of ensemble movies , the film 's plot lines are messy and unfocused .
An extremely attractive cast fails to overcome the clichés in writer/director Tim Gormican 's film .
Awkwardly changing gear between gross-out gags and romance , the script requires the men to behave so stupidly and shoddily that you will struggle to care whether or not they see the error of their ways in time .
-LSB- That Awkard Moment -RSB- has nothing particularly special about it , but it 's pleasant , it 's funny , and it features young and pretty people learning how to be sensible adults .
For those of you expecting another PG-13 romantic comedy , take note that ` That Awkward Moment ' is rated R . This means it may or may not be a good date movie , depending upon your sweetheart 's tolerance for f-bombs .
... the three stars manage to infuse their familiar characters with a congeniality that proves impossible to resist .
One dares suggest that had the film gone for a more formulaic approach - focusing on one character 's plight instead of all three - it might have been tighter and stronger .
The talents of the three leading men are wasted on a shallow , misguided story that lets them talk a lot about boners and pooping but gives them no opportunity to be funny or charming .
The boys ' expletive R-rated banter furthers the genuineness to decent comedic effect , though often undermined by some misplaced farcical gags that hit-or-miss .
Heavy-hitting support players Teller and Jordan steal every scene they can from the lightweight leading man .
Do n't be fooled , That Awkward Moment -LRB- retitled Are We Officially Dating for Australian audiences -RRB- takes a tired 90s feeling premise , promptly forgets it and meanders for an excruciating ninety minutes only to deliver its best material in the outtakes
A slick , smug film about three guys , who we slowly , slowly watch get their act together .
An awkward mash-up -LSB- that -RSB- in the end will represent nothing more than a momentary , wholly understandable blip on the respective filmographies of its talented young cast .
Predicable film about three guys with fears of commitment - we 've seen it all before .
The characters , their motivations , the plot machinations , the forced banter - it 's all contrived . Not only can you see the entire story coming from miles away , there 's a late-in-the-game plot twist that feels desperate and tonally wrong .
Smarter-than-average urban sex comedy .
The three leads ' distinct storylines are metered choppily , there 's an illogic to the scene sequence and plotting , and that initial pact , casually arrived at , is suddenly framed as a game-changing bet late in the film .
An amiable romcom endowed with romance , penis-humour and M-rated sex
Nope .
Efron fans will be happy to know that he gets his kit off . For the rest of us , this is one awkward moment best forgotten straightaway .
The movie 's predictability does n't derail its light charms , at least not until the plot makes a fatal tonal error .
Learning to grow out of your over-confident , sexually destructive , ignorant , sexist , loutish period may have made for a worthwhile story , but That Awkward Moment spends the bulk of its time with horrible young men you do n't want to spent time with .
Efron and Poots do n't quite work together , but Mackenzie Davis is very good as the privileged , but secretly passionate , Chelsea .
Efron says all his cocky-asshole lines diligently , but , try as he may , he does n't have a Tucker Max bone in his body .
This is fun for no one .
A moderately smart movie would have pushed back against the formula . That Awkward Moment simply mistakes being obnoxious for being clever .
Crude , stupid , shallow and infantile ; towards the end of That Awkward Moment , a taxi hits one of the characters , obviously for `` comic '' effect . I gave that cab a standing ovation and was bereft to discover it did n't finish the job .
With Valentine 's Day fast approaching , you may be tempted to give this film a shot , but do n't . You 'll be far better off going with stale chocolate and wilted flowers than treating any of your loved ones to this debacle .
The movie 's ideas about relationships would 've felt middle-of-the-road in the '80s , and its big epiphany moments -LRB- Guys can fall in love , too ! -RRB- are shallow enough to make you long for the comparatively profound rom-com oeuvre of Kate Hudson .
-LSB- A -RSB- witless , charmless , groin-gazing bromance about three smackable young men and their various interpersonal gropings .
It 's that awkward moment when you realize you could 've spent that $ 12 on anything else .
Bawdy , crude , immature male version of the dating experience , often substituting frenetic pace for intelligent insight on the issue of commitment .
It does n't break new ground in examining modern relationships but a few grains of truth will be insightful and funny to the film 's self-described ` selfish generation . '
Once you strip away the raunchy guyspeak and the crass commentary , there 's some real relationship drama going on in all three guys ' lives .
First-time writer-director Tom Gormican keeps the dialogue moving at a rapid pace , which does n't obscure the fact that most of what is said is dopey and witless .
Not since `` The Hangover : Part III '' has so many unlikeable male characters caused so much damage to themselves and to the innocent bystanders around them .
That Awkward Moment is neither romantic , nor comedic . Just idiotic .
The movie 's red-band trailer attempted to play up the vulgarity , promising a `` chick flick with dicks '' -LRB- not a `` chicks with dicks flick , '' which is something else entirely -RRB- .
That Awkward Moment feels awkward itself as it shouts out desperately for us to tell it how clever and funny it is .
It 's a total cinematic dead zone , deeply troubled from the get-go .
Only a sociopath would behave this carelessly , and as such , That Awkward Moment makes for an interesting study in abnormal criminal behavior .
There are some broad scattered laughs , but a little of the film 's aggressively low-brow approach goes a long way .
Teller has a good thing going that I hope does n't pigeon-hole him in the future , and Jordan , though underused , is also continuing his run as a young star to watch .
It 's not reinventing the wheel , but sometimes all we really need is to have promising young stars rattle off some funny dick jokes .
This tedious , originality-starved run through familiar rom-com tropes is basically one long awkward moment .
Underwhelming sex-themed comedy ; lots of strong language .
20-something relationship crisis rom-com 's are a predictable A to B to C . How they negotiate the alphabet determines the outcome . This one has too many awkward moments .
That Awkward Moment is mostly a scary study in misplaced gender equity - namely , that you can now try to sell young men clueless , bland , boring romantic-comedies , too .
Promising careers take a bumpy detour in That Awkward Moment , the kind of movie that can push an actor back from the cusp of stardom . Not for long . The young stars biding time in this listless rom-com are too gifted for one mediocre movie to bury .
It does n't just execute one cliché-ridden idea - it executes three .
Take three horny guys , all twentysomethings , mix with a plot that was old last century , and serve to an audience so desperate toilet gags they might forgive a movie wired only with clichés .
Efron turns out to be the weak link . He 's a fun guy but are audiences ready to commit to him as a dramatic lead ? Silence ? That 's what I thought .
They spend all their time obsessing and gabbing like giggly Babysitters Club girls about the opposite sex .
Offers cheery , lightweight fun without taking itself too seriously .
Might be more aptly titled Those Awkward 94 Minutes .
`` That Awkward Moment '' is a fun flirty film that couples and singles will enjoy .
Forced and unfunny in the extreme .
It 's relatively painless to null one 's relationship with such a pic and that 's what I imagine most critics and many a viewer will likely do after sitting through all 94-some minutes of this film . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
If comedy is in the details , that is where `` That Awkward Moment '' falls short , with its plethora of plot holes and lapses in logic .
Even a strongly likeable cast ca n't breathe life into this ill-conceived film , which poses as a sex comedy but is ultimately timid and sappy .
It 's useful that the first-time film-maker remembered to write some decent dialogue and characters for the female speaking parts .
The real awkward moment is when you realize you are n't laughing .
`` That Awkward Moment '' wants to be part `` American Pie '' and part `` Swingers . '' It does n't get there , but thanks to its cast , watching it try has its moments .
The guys have terrific chemistry , the acting is above average for the genre , and the women are surprisingly fleshed out and not just stereotypical girlfriend material .
... a lesson for the twenty-somethings who are presumably the target audience . Older viewers may wonder what the fuss is about ...
Sometimes comes off as uneven due to a semi-convoluted plot , but the cast brings their all to the material and eventually , it does win you over .
A post-modern romantic comedy Caligula : a celebration of unforgivable behavior with a cast that surely , SURELY must have had something better to do .
This is like the Mirror Universe , evil-goatee-wearing flip side of Don Jon , a pile of obnoxious , grossout junk .
That Awkward Moment may not tell you much about human relationships but it 's not a bad design guide for the privileged 20-something lifestyle of Manhattan , circa 2014 .
Sure , there are funny moments , even though they have the same staccato pacing as a fight between a woodpecker and a jackhammer .
A vile , witless sex comedy ...
There 's nothing new about the movie 's contrived misunderstandings and cringe-worthy comic set pieces .
Part of its problem is infantilism .
Though it ultimately leans too much on genre cliche , it reveals some of the tensions that today 's young adults experience in their romantic lives - the impersonality of hook-up culture in collision with the human desire and need for intimacy .
Even though `` Awkward '' has its moments , it winds up lagging behind more daring endeavors on TV right now . The film industry had better keep up .
What `` Awkward '' is actually about , albeit unintentionally , is how passing off misogyny for comedy has gotten so terribly passé , as insulting to the guys as to the young women .
Offers zero insight into dating and trades tangible honesty for achingly unfunny raunch and superficial sincerity .
There are times when the blend of romance and raunchiness threatens to curdle . In the end , however , the `` love conquers all '' mentality wins out .
A cast of exceptionally appealing performers and some very funny lines are not enough to make this raunchy comedy overcome its essential charmlessness .
That Awkward Moment 's ace ensemble of twenty-something actors has charm and strong chemistry to spare , enlivening Tom Gormican 's inconsistent directorial debut .
Writer/director Tom Gormican has certainly established a voice for his debut feature , but unfortunately , it is a grotesque , immature , and cheerfully misogynistic voice , one that I would not want to hear a second time .
The chief frustration of `` That Awkward Moment '' is that everyone in it is so much better than the material ...
That Awkward Moment has taken Sex & The City and made everyone younger , dumber , and hornier , while simultaneously making them hipper , sharper , and more sophisticated , like some insidious Hitler Youth infomercial for Manhattan .
Consider it a date movie guys can attend without wanting to scream bloody murder .
That Awkward Moment is pleasant enough , and it has some inspired moments , but they do n't add up to anything that pushes the boundaries of the genre .
`` That Awkward Moment '' does invert one of Hollywood 's more tiresome clichés - the one where the distraught woman consoles herself by eating a pint of Ben and Jerry 's ice cream . In this movie , it 's the guy who does that .
A bungled mass of relationship gab and frat-friendly gross-out gags , with the latter , and most of the laughs , front-loaded into the first few reels .
This sporadically successful movie proves that a relationship comedy from the male viewpoint is n't easy .
`` That Awkward Moment '' should have transpired when the producers read this script , but Efron , Teller , Jordan and Poots make it enjoyable nonetheless .
Too many awkward moments make for a bad film . All three leads deserve better .
Despite ripping off a classically female genre , and featuring some fine female work , ` That Awkward Moment ' has no real interest in women except as underwritten tokens of male entitlement .
A movie that checks absolutely every box and still utterly fails the test .
Awful rather than awkward is the operative adjective here ... you wince as the game cast strives to make the picture tolerable , and fails miserably .
Gormican operates under the assumption that we 're still fully invested in these commitment-phobes , waiting on tenterhooks to see if they can wrap their heads around the Monogamy for Dummies life lessons being imparted .
What a strange , disjointed movie . Ultimately the tone is just all over the place , and there are just about no stakes .
Drags the most ridiculous and clichéd elements of the worst of female-centred romcoms into a male arena and calls it entertainment .
A dude-bro Sex and the City
Excessive best-bud banter gives the movie an improv feel , not in a good way , and the film transitions from light comedy to dead-earnest drama with the subtlety of a malfunctioning gearshift clutch .
Moronic sex-pact shenanigans make up the flimsy back-bone of this mirth-neutral NYC farce .
It should be charmless but the cast sparkle and help writer-director Tom Gormican refresh - if not freshen up - the romantic comedy .
Who is the target audience for That Awkward Moment ... and how can we get them the help they need ?
A rom-com for dudes that seeks to outdo the ladies by being even more insipid , formulaic and contrived than anything Katherine Heigl has ever done .
Enjoyable romantic comedy with likeable performances , a snappy , sharply observed script and central relationships that feel a bit more real than the usual formulaic nonsense ...
Like its main character , That Awkward Moment ca n't commit to anything , and thinks it 's much smarter than it is
More sexist than sexy . And not nearly `` awkward '' enough .
When That Awkward Moment is n't funny , it 's painfully confused , attempting to celebrate louts as lovable , while female characters are disposable , treated as mere decoration in this allegedly romantic comedy .
This is one awkward moment that runs for 94 minutes .
More grating than peppy , the Manhattan-set romantic comedy `` That Awkward Moment '' proceeds as a series of awkward moments in search of a premise and a protagonist a little less stupid .
The title refers to that moment when you realize you accidentally purchased a ticket to it .
Whatever the jokes lack in originality , Efron makes up for with nicely timed , deadpan delivery .
The sort of movie couples will rent , sort of enjoy and stop caring about just before getting it on . In the dating world , that 's called a success .
Tom Gormican 's debut yearns to stand out as a benchmark for what dating is like at this moment in time , all the while working with the same basic toolkit as every other film in the genre .
We 've seen attempts to make this sort of stuff appeal to both sexes before in painful romantic action movies like This Means War . It seldom works and it does n't here .
Though `` Awkward Moment '' is predictable , it 's not a complete disappointment . It 's satisfying for a lover of formulaic rom-coms .
An oddly fake and emotionally empty bromantic-comedy .
Its obsession with male genitalia , or , more specifically , penis receptacles , is emblematic of its overall aura of male entitlement and its consideration of women as prizes to be lanced .
It 's a Valentine 's Day date movie that guys wo n't mind seeing , and women will find amusing enough and easy on the eyes .
Maybe in development this movie needed an awkward moment of its own - one where the filmmaker was taken aside by one or more older , preferably female studio executives , who 'd read him some of his script out loud .
Has a script like a basket of clichés , hauling out the hoariest insights about romance and relationships alongside gags so shopworn -LRB- I thought you said it was a costume party ! -RRB- you ca n't believe they still exist outside of family-hour sitcoms .
In smaller , sharper doses , the frenetic testosterone shtick of these baby-faced blusterers might have worked better .
Teens and twentysomethings who possess even less life experience and emotional maturity than these characters may find profundity in some of this . All others need not apply .
Though he tries to avoid romcom cliches , Gormican does n't find much to replace them with and the film ends up with only its three-stranded story distinguishing it from standard examples of the genre .
The actors seem to have been involved in a hideous industrial accident that 's left them with the superpower of repelling all comic timing .
A romantic comedy from the perspective of three male friends has the potential to offer something new to the genre but despite one or two comedy highlights That Awkward Moment largely makes a mess of things .
Just the right balance between the raunchier comedic moments .
A box-fresh comedy both real and romantic , That Awkward Moment rarely has any of its own . Date night sorted , then ...
Propagates attitudes that need changing ; not because we live in politically correct times , but because they massively underserve the audience the film wants to address .

@highlight

Formulaic and unfunny , That Awkward Moment wastes a charming cast on a contrived comedy that falls short of the date movies it seems to be trying to subvert .