A solid ensemble comedy thriller that inspired some genuine chuckles from me ...
A goofy ensemble comedy that also functions as a spoof of middle-class malaise .
Hollywood needs to be employing Rachel McAdams for more movies where she gets to show off such physical and verbal comedic timing and prowess .
A comedy can only work if the on-screen actors share a talented knack for comedic timing and chemistry . That happens here with McAdams and Bateman , an unlikely comedy dream team that carries `` Game Night '' into glory .
As cookie cutter as the trailers for Game Night seemed , the movie did a good job of bringing some enjoyable twists and unexpected turns .
What a journey . What a movie . What a Game Night . See it , and buy tickets in advance .
With so many different types of comedies , there is plenty of room for a slow boil riot like this one .
It is a likeable , funny , and fast-moving caper that delivers on pretty much all levels . It 'll make for fantastic couch-watching .
Game Night is hardly a game-changer but - with the help of a spirited cast and some inspired sequences - is elevated from pedestrian material into a perfect Friday night popcorn movie .
Game Night does n't amount to much , but it 'll make a decent rental for a Movie Night , with friends invited over for a breezy , occasionally gory spot of goofiness .
Full of hilarious dialog and set-pieces that keep us chortling .
This Game Night is a real joy . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's surprising how well it works , and how funny it is .
The directors care very little about story development . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
If you came here to laugh , -LSB- Game Night -RSB- is your option . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
If your game night sometimes turns into movie night , this one should fill the bill nicely - the less you know , the better .
Game Night is an unpretentious comedy - but a good one - that manages to surprise ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Is it a thriller ? A comedy ? A little bit of both , actually , and it mixes both genres in entertaining ways . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
... a light , deliciously black , and consistently funny experience . `` Game Night '' is one of 2018 's greatest surprises so far . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
McAdams , an eternally underrated performer , is the pic 's MVP .
Bateman and McAdams make `` Game Night '' fun .
Aside from the magical pairing of Bateman and McAdams , who should do a string of films together like a modern-day Spencer Tracy and Katherine Hepburn , the film 's MVP is Jesse Plemons .
The decision to mix in some brutal shootings with the expected sexual innuendos and flatulent humour results in an uneven mix which is only vaguely satisfying .
Even if the humor in the film is merely pleasant and conventional for the most part , the characters themselves are massively enjoyable .
While watching Game Night in a packed theater , I spent my time both laughing and applauding the cinematography . I hope Game Night helps McAdams and Plemons land more much-deserved comedic work .
`` Game Night '' is a hot mess , but there are those laughs , and they 're surely worth something , right ?
It 's an enjoyable snack , and the guests are good company and do n't overstay their welcome during a mostly fun evening .
McAdams and Bateman are the movie 's only real assets ; they 're slumming , but they 're having fun , and it 's contagious .
Overall , this is an enjoyable romp that 's worth a look - if only to find out whether being a pub quiz ace and having serious skills at Pictionary or Charades can really help you when your up against international criminals .
Filmmakers Daley and Goldstein have infused Game Night with a very slick , very fast-paced sensibility that is , at the outset , impossible to resist ...
The more you think about it , the less sense it makes ... . but that 's not to say that you ca n't have fun watching it .
For all its bluster , Game Night is n't really much of anything .
From beginning to end it is comedic gold .
A great mix between crime thriller and screwball comedy that actually ends up working . Includes a great turn by Rachel McAdams and some impressive direction . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
But some plot points are darker , less luminous , and that 's where Game Night fails . It immolates the spirit of comedy by pretending to be something that it is n't . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
The movie is a hollow throwback to classic comedy , and it shines only by contrast with dull studio competition .
Game Night -- a slick , inventive and surprisingly efficient action/comedy -- is as solid a studio chuckle-fest as you could hope to see . Flawed , for sure , but we 'll take it .
Studio comedies have been so bad for so long that when a halfway decent one comes along , we critics tend to get overexcited . But Game Night is a little better than decent , and handles its commendably silly premise with real skill and charm .
This is good , if slightly lightweight fun , albeit with Bateman and McAdams on sharp enough form to make you realise how long it 's been since a decent commercial comedy came along .
For mainstream laughs , this is better than most .
There 's some nice deadpanning and comic undercutting from Bateman - his stock in trade , and some visual flourish , but the story 's too contrived for its own good .
The spoofy action set-pieces are ho hum . What 's special is the minutiae-based , casually political banter .
This surprisingly zingy , throwback studio comedy is witty and observant on the dynamics between couples .
A mostly enjoyable , well-written romp wisely entrusted to the comedic chemistry of Jason Bateman and Rachel McAdams .
Game Night is so absurd it 's almost surreal , but ... it works and never gets dragged down by its own concept .
You would n't think `` Fincher 's The Game , except it 's a comedy '' would sustain an entire movie , but it actually does .
The closest thing we have seen in recent years to a successful exercise in high screwball .
But most of all , `` Game Night '' belongs to Bateman and McAdams . No one can chew on a squeaky toy more humorously than he can , and no one is better at combining comic timing and sex appeal than she .
The script by Mark Perez is sharp , and directors Jonathan Goldstein and John Francis Daley do a decent job , aided by some extremely engaging performances .
This slippery , cartoonish jape is constantly springing little surprises and knocking you off balance with its unexpected twists .
It 's clever , silly , slick and fun .
It 's properly laugh out loud and easily the best fun I 've had at a comedy in ages - mainly due to the fact it 's plot is sturdy and original , with more than enough to keep everyone happy .
The film not only manages to deliver the goods with its fantastically-crafted comedic narrative , but also succeeds in highlighting what we 've been missing these last few years , simple and effective gags delivered with gusto and great timing .
Bateman and McAdams have enormous chemistry in `` Game Night '' ... That energy propels them into two of their funniest performances in a surprisingly clever comedy-thriller .
This high-concept comedy could have been mediocrity embodied , but it excels in two ways . It sought out an R-rating , so the film noir-inspired action is surprisingly intense -- but the casting is also pitch-perfect , elevating the comedic punches .
If the results sometimes tip towards self-indulgence or self-parody , the movie is still far cleverer and more engaging than one had any right to expect .
Game Night turns out to be a cool , clever surprise . The cast crackles-Bateman and McAdams are fast , easy and terrifically enjoyable together-and there 's bright , sharp supporting work .
It is the combination of comedy and thriller ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Even as Game Night piles on the absurdity and really tries your patience with outlandish twists and turns , it never loses pace or fails to keep pranging your funny bone . Worth a roll of the dice .
Delivers all the undemanding laughs you could wish , and has such a plot of such baroque intricacy that it even manages a few genuine shocks .
Bateman and McAdams prove to be an effective comedy pairing . . . The two of them play off of each other perfectly .
Game Night takes a long time to get rolling . At least the first third is nothing but drab exposition and characterization ... but it has enough well-executed bits to make you hope that John Francis Daley and Jonathan Goldstein keep honing their craft .
Although the leads seem perfect on paper ... unusually for both of them , they 're trying too hard ... The film spins endless jokes and almost none are funny . It simply reminds you of better films , and in doing so , survives for one hundred minutes .
Despite McAdams and Bateman 's winning chemistry , the film slides down the longest ladder mid-way and never finds its way back up - no credit to the script 's numerous twists and attempts to outwit itself .
Game Night offers a well-trod set-up , but the crack cast make this silly comedy work .
If only every comedy was as capable of hitting as many marks as Game Night , sequel would n't be such a dirty word .
The raucous energy of the early scenes is n't sustained and the film becomes increasingly repetitious and silly . The comedy elements here work far better than the thriller ones .
... Game Night is a gloriously preposterous comedy/thriller hybrid that pays homage to the oeuvre of David Fincher - a delightfully preposterous thing for an absurdist comedy to do .
It 's a one-note black comedy . But one is better than none , and this note is high , passably sharp and could crack the odd martini glass .
At least they looked like they had some fun along the way .
Game Night succeeds where so many other films of this nature suffer : it 's funny .
Beats a game of Risk any day .
The flatness of their characters leaves no room for relatability .
Absolutely hilarious , full of smart snarksters , comedic suspense , and gleeful smashing of action-movie clichés . Part screwball comedy , part romantic adventure , all pure movie-movie joy .
Want some laughs ? Make ` Game Night ' your next move .
It 's very funny , with a script by Mark Perez , and all the pieces fit together like a perfect Rubix cube .
This is all bottom-feeder stuff , aimed at people who feel cool because they know what the Independent Spirit Awards are or who watch `` TMZ '' more than they 'd like to admit .
-LSB- Jesse -RSB- Plemons steals his scenes , if not the movie .
Sometimes it got a little too zany , but then it came back down and it was pretty funny .
Remarkably funny , great chemistry among everybody .
A tone-friendly dark comedy about suburban couples having weekly game nights at home with chosen friends .
Directors John Francis Daley and Jonathan Goldstein keep things peppy , benefitting hugely from a pumped , overqualified ensemble that mine a commendable amount of laughter from a so-so script .
Game Night pulls off more narrative twists than an Olympic freestyle skier . And like those gravity-defying champions , the filmmakers ' timing , preparation , and technical precision makes it all look deceptively easy .
With its clever , whip-smart script and enthusiastic ensemble cast firing on all cylinders , crime comedy filmmakers Jonathan Francis Daley and Jonathan Goldstein score big with Game Night .
Game Night is canny enough to go full-throttle with the absurd and not bother trying to do much with its meager dramatic and/or sentimental elements .
Game Night works best when it focuses on the personalities of its characters and meanders when it pays too much attention to the particulars of the plots-within-the-plot .
... once you open the box and take out the pieces , it 's just a matter of going from one contrived square to another . Not even the rolls of the dice add up to more than three-act narrative math .
... boasts an ambitious genre-bending premise and a sharp ensemble cast , only to lack the ability to solve its own convoluted narrative puzzle .
Absolutely nutty , buoyed by a wonderfully warped sense of humor and a more-than-game cast that 's equal to the film 's rapid-fire dialogue and pace , Game Night easily rates as a stunning surprise .
Riotously funny little farce that is a certifiable blast and guaranteed to be the best time you 've had at the movies this year .
Even though during the final act it 's difficult not to mentally check out , there 's fun to be found in its slightly demented zaniness , all fitted with a dark and electronic score from Cliff Martinez
But -LSB- Jason -RSB- Bateman and -LSB- Rachel -RSB- McAdams are a superb comedic pair , the two actors playing off of one another as if they 've been doing it their whole careers .
The back and forth between McAdams and Bateman is what makes Game Night sing -LRB- which is not to slight Horgan 's dry wit or Magnussen 's elegant idiocy or Morris ' magnificent Denzel Washington impression -RRB- .
Game Night suffers from wild tonal shifts , a half-dozen or more plot developments that defy not only logic but often physics , and a cast of characters who behave in ways no human should - or would .
Spot-on in terms of tone and performance , Game Night never goes off the rails , even in its most outrageous moments . The only goal here is to generate laughter , and boy , does it ever succeed .
Car chases , shootouts and film references abound . In other words , there 's scarcely anything original about the outlandish caper .
It 's like David Fincher 's The Game as an R-rated comedy , a film that 's playing games with its audience as much as its characters are playing games with each other . And , if you do n't mind being messed with a little , that can be a lot of fun .
Even though it has some really great funny moments , Game Night struggles to produce a successful whole .
The clever American comic thriller Game Night is a bit like a matryoshka doll . There are stories within stories and , just when it looks like the final doll has been revealed , there is another twist to keep the game going .
An amazing performance from Jesse Plemons , who never lets go of a Westie Terrier . And the ridiculously likable -LSB- Rachel -RSB- McAdams proves yet again she 's the Meryl Streep of her generation .
A bit like the game of Monopoly that often goes on too long . But while you 're playing it most of the time , it 's so much fun ! -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Profanity , Sexual Content , etc. - also Available -RRB-
All you can do is cringe and sigh , and huff , and try to remember the actor 's names , and happier times you have spent in their celluloid company .
You keep thinking the relentless array of funny jokes will dry up sooner or later , and then the end credits roll .
There 's a slapstick sequence made to look like a single take , where bravura filmmaking services hilarity and excitement
Game Night is a madcap adventure packed with laughs , twists , and good performances that will keep audiences thoroughly entertained .
With broad strokes of self-awareness -LSB- and -RSB- a screwy screenplay that sometimes crosses the line into parody ... Game Night is more gratifying than hearing an opponent say , `` You sunk my battleship ! ''
It 's not that I was hoping for a dramatic adult turn akin to what Jonathan Demme gave us in his marvelous 1986 adventure `` Something Wild , '' but `` Game Night '' is nothing less than a live-action cartoon .
Directors Daley , Goldstein and a game cast intermittently keep this film aloft , McAdams ' nutsy enthusiasm and Plemons ' creepy obsessiveness particularly on target , but Mark Perez 's labored script creates a drag that ultimately overtakes their efforts .
Thanks to winning performances from Bateman and McAdams , it is watchable , with a few clever twists and across the board strong support from the cast .
`` Game Night '' is a blast , a sharp adult comedy that earns genuine laughs without going lowbrow or diving into raunchy humor .
Game Night is a surprisingly solid and funny comedy that relies largely on the charisma and flair of its stars .
After a deliberately slow start directors John Francis Daley & Jonathan Goldstein -LRB- working from a screenplay by Mark Perez -RRB- hit the accelerator once the game 's first victim - or should that be `` victim '' ? - hits the floor . It 's all go from there .
The filmmakers have created a hilarious , highly-stylized , madcap caper that 's alarmingly clever in the meta ways they infuse pop cinema language .
A completely stupid film about a group of friends whose game night goes horribly wrong -LRB- but also , so right -RRB- ... Game Night somehow succeeds in telling a winning story .
This outing does n't go so well , with Game Night 's inconsistent laughs and a plot that 's too silly even for a comedy .
... One of the tightest and funniest Hollywood studio comedies of recent years .
While it mostly follows the rules , it also includes some deviations you wo n't see coming .
The cast is worth braving multiplex crowds to see . McAdams earns her comedienne wings , and Bateman 's subversive deadpan , which always works , works better than usual .
Thankfully , the hits outweigh the misses by a margin that ultimately works in the movie 's favour .
The Game Night co-directors deliver a stylish and good-looking movie .
Screenwriter Mark Perez knows the difference between simply making a reference and actually writing a joke - and while the jokes come ceaselessly , they are knowingly and -LRB- this turns out to be key -RRB- lightly offered .
It 's a dense , clever , good natured and occasionally truly funny film . Bravo .
The jokes are witty , the risk is real and there 's at least one thrilling plot twist .
Game Night is clever and appropriately demented when it needs to be .
In the end this is a wasted ` Night ' ... more likely to elicit a grimace than a grin .
It wo n't fix the studio comedy , but it 's a welcome , watchable outlier for now .
Game Night has the charm and definitely the players to be a real winner for those willing to roll the dice .
Jesse Plemons nearly steals the movie as Max and Annie 's freshly-divorced cop neighbor Gary , who 's all kinds of funny ... The co-directors might overdo the heartfelt interludes , but they add just the right amount of Gary to the insane mix .
Over-the-top comedy has strong language , bloody violence .
A four-hour documentary pitting Bateman against McAdams in an epic Settlers of Catan match-up would have been significantly more interesting ...
Bateman has a natural flair for comedy but it 's McAdams who 's a pleasant surprise here , a partner who 's equally engaging and does n't settle for playing second fiddle . Together , their on-screen chemistry is a huge bonus .
They inject this funny film with just enough realism to make us feel threatened , relieved and elated .
A genially sloppy farce with some good laughs and a cast to enjoy . Bateman 's `` Can you believe this crap ? '' gaze as , a response to modern life , should probably be enshrined as an emoji .
Game Night steadily gaslights the audience by making them think they 're watching a hardened dark comedy when what they 're actually watching is a very sweet , very believable relationship comedy .
It helps that -LSB- Jason -RSB- Bateman and -LSB- Rachel -RSB- McAdams are two of our most affable movie stars . They are both deft at delivering dry asides and getting caught up in the more manic moments .
Filled with knowing pop-culture references and deriving laughs from every key character , it 's the kind of smart , fast-paced entertainment that makes a pretty delicate juggling act look easy .
`` Game Night '' is something of a rarity - it 's a smart , consistently entertaining , and actually funny studio comedy .
`` Game Night '' gets it right .
Dark humor and an appealing cast keep this engaging game in motion .
It 's not the most sophisticated character-based comedy in town , but it is the silliest caper we 've seen in a long while .
This is high-grade adventure-comedy laughs , thanks to someone using their cranium to create something more than a trivial pursuit .
Mostly this is a dumb comedy filled with characters who do n't exist beyond the boundaries of this dumb story . The laughs are there , though , and if you keep your expectations low , you wo n't get too bored at this Game Night .
It takes real intelligence to make the best dumb jokes . Game Night has plenty of both , combining skilled filmmaking and ridiculous gags in equal measure , and letting the seriousness and silliness play off of each other for maximum effect .
The film establishes coherent characters and drops them into a twisty mystery plot that 's tightly crafted enough to generate some real narrative momentum while never getting too bogged down in its own plot that it forgets to be funny .
If you 're looking for a rapturously funny film with a crackerjack cast , Game Night 's a winner .
It feels a bit like someone wanted to make a Coen brothers movie for the Clue crowd : Let 's call it kitschy noir .
Like a real-life game night , the comedy may not leave a lasting impression , but it 's plenty of fun while it lasts .
Bateman 's sly way of staying one step to the left of the center of the action extracts an additional layer of humor . McAdams , meantime , does all she can to activate the screwball fizz amid the improbabilities .
Some , or even a lot , of the jokes are stupid . But thanks in part to a terrific cast , expert timing and an all-in aesthetic , it 's really funny .
Strangely free of imagination and timing , with only a handful of moments hinting at the possibilities of a production brave enough to embrace the madness in full .
Game Night is surprisingly fun , but the real standout is Jesse Plemmons ' delightfully creepy performance .
When it 's all over , everyone comes out a winner -- despite the bullet holes , knife wounds and slightly higher body count than you 'd find in a typical round of Never Have I Ever .
Should n't a movie called `` Game Night '' be entertaining ?
`` This will be a game night to remember , '' intones a character , early on in the film ; this is n't true , as I 've already forgotten most of this movie despite having taken notes .
Farce is a beast to get right in movies . The fact that Game Night hits the mark more often than it hits a wall is cause for cheering . Jason Bateman and Rachel McAdams make sure its always party time . Talk about fun company . They 're it .
Good movie comedies are in short supply these days , making Game Night more fun than it deserves to be .
Fast and funny , filled with memorable characters , and able to balance slapstick and violence without spilling too far in either direction , this frenetic R-rated farce is that rare comic gem that lands on all the spaces without ever going to jail .
Game Night succeeds at captivating its audience with a humorous twist on the detective genre .
A lively and exciting enough romp to watch unfold , even if it is completely frivolous .
Much better than you might expect .
A perfectly funny , sharply written movie that 's ultimately empty , where its only apparent goal was to remind you of other movies .
Game Night is a frantically funny , self aware caper that 's got no real agenda except to make you have a good time .
Game Night is like playing Monopoly where the only properties are the four railroads . The players can go through the motions , but without more elements the overall result is good but far from as great as it could have been .
This little movie will do just fine .
A charismatic ensemble cast , a sharp script and a few well-placed twists make Game Night one of the more enjoyable big studio comedies in recent memory .
An unexpectedly sharp , upbeat action comedy . The comedy gets dark , occasionally involving violence and pain , but it 's never nihilistic or mean-spirited .
It 's not about to become a cult hit , but it should please couples looking for a safe date movie .
It 's a good time , but it maybe could have been a great one .
Lumpy lowbrow humor and characters as thin as a Monopoly board mar Game Night , a comedy with an irresistible premise , but that only .
Game Night still delivers a requisite amount of worthy laughs .
A raucously funny film that has a knack for going right up to the edge of nastiness .
Game Night manages to be both surprising and well-executed in its comic and suspenseful moments .
Game Night throws darts at the board with unflinching consistency and lands maybe 75 percent of its punchlines .
Just manages to sustain its ` is it real or is it a game ? ' tension through to its climactic twists .
Snappily paced and cleverly plotted , Game Night is the rare farce that exceeds low-ish expectations .
`` Game Night '' is one of those movies that has a good premise and solid cast , but is n't as funny as it could have been .
You 'll find yourself laughing , then laughing at yourself and others for what you laughed at .
Ms. McAdams is one of cinema 's most accomplished and appealing comic actresses . It 's almost heartbreaking to contemplate how amazing she would be in a new comedy that was more than intermittently O.K.
Each of the three couples has a different approach to solving the mystery , so it 's funny to see them try to outsmart each other even though we know they 're all mistaken .
At the end of the day , it is uproariously funny - and that 's pretty much all we 're looking for ...
It 's hard to pin down the reasons as to why the film works so well , but it plays like a screwball comedy classic in the making .
Mark Perez has written one of the tightest comedy scripts to make it to be the big screen in ages .
McAdams , whose comedic skills have gone unsung for way too long , is dizzy fun . The whole movie is , actually , even if it pretty much evaporates on impact .
his tame but fitfully funny goof on suspense cinema at least assembles an agreeable guest list ... As with any real game night , the company is more important than the game .
With a packed lineup of players and a board that covers far more area than you 'd expect from a wide-release early spring lark , -LSB- Game Night -RSB- is a dark romp for all the players involved .
If Game Night were just a concoction , it might grow tiresome awfully fast . There 's a nagging speck of humanity , or at least reasonably quick and cutting marital satire , that keeps the movie afloat .
The Jason Bateman comedy model has n't quite been radically altered in Game Night but it 's one of his more entertaining outings . Just do n't count on remembering much of it once the night is over .
There are chuckles here and there , but a striking absence of belly laughs .
Rachel McAdams steals the movie ... at gunpoint .
As a comedy about some low-key friends who love low-stakes games , Game Night is distracting enough . But as an unlikely action spoof ? Yahtzee .
This zippy little thriller delivers laughs aplenty amidst a hyperactive plot that keeps you guessing until the very end . A dark and welcome surprise .
Succeeds on the back of entertaining turns by the ever-personable duo of Jason Bateman and Rachel McAdams , consistently funny scenarios , and a surprising dose of entertaining action filmmaking .
What you get here is a battlefield of comedy and action , one that 's self-aware enough to eek by despite trying to look so cool and snazzy . It 's a popcorn movie , a Friday night rental , a game night .
At a certain point , the film quits trying to make you laugh and gives in to its greater purpose : shocking you with real stakes and emotional soliloquies .
It 's about as funny as an above-average episode of an above-average sitcom episode .
A genre-hopper that 's far better than you might think .

@highlight

With a talented cast turned loose on a loaded premise -- and a sharp script loaded with dark comedy and unexpected twists -- Game Night might be more fun than the real thing .