The Place Beyond the Pines is a film about actions and consequences ; it 's also a film about fatherhood , fate and second chances .
Juddering shots with muted colours are set against Mike Patton 's haunting score , which makes for a dreamy , visually striking film .
Cianfrance is so eager to make a grand statement about the generations that he loses sight of the individuals he should be bringing to life in rich , exacting detail .
Its narrative riskiness and emotional avidity do n't always make for the smoothest viewing experience . But Cianfrance seems less interested in a tidy chronicle than in exploring some threads , in creating a feeling and seeing where it goes .
In the quietly decaying tragic-Americana setting of this fine film , the story is one of far-reaching repercussions , and how the loss of the father 's virtue lands upon the son .
Grand , plangent and innervating , Cianfrance 's latest is more than adequate proof that he 's as cut out for the big as for the small of cinema .
It 's rare to see a picture so bogged down by the breadth of its ambition , but Derek Cianfrance 's second feature nearly collapses under its own weight .
That said , there 's something about The Place Beyond the Pines that grows on you-something tragic , something that sits uncomfortably in the gut .
Derek Cianfrance could probably be a great filmmaker if he was n't trying so hard to be a Great Filmmaker
Utterly compelling with a magic wand of storytelling from writer/director Derek Cianfrance along with co-writers Ben Coccio and Darius Marber , The Place Beyond the Pines is one of the more natural and stylistic endeavors of 2013 .
The Place Beyond the Pines is n't a bad movie ; it 's three bad movies strung together by implausible logic .
A jumbled triptych that frequently meanders without finding its center .
A powerful , towering , yet intimately-told epic with excellent performances , a unique structure , and a story told with as much passion and angst as the myriad sons in the film .
By the third story , in a movie that is two hours and twenty minutes long , I had grown weary of the film 's heavy-handedness
What Cianfrance has written has scraps of surprise and a fine chase sequence , but it does n't reach for the stars or the emotional cosmos -- or , at least , it does n't know how to get there .
Cianfrance does n't always connect , but when he does , watch out
The Place Beyond the Pines is a heart-wrenching epic poem that quashes the delusion that sons wo n't be affected by the actions of their fathers .
Shot in melancholic , muted tones , The Place Beyond the Pines paints a gorgeous portrait of rural America , surrounded by expansive views of the countryside that hint at a deep history .
The movie is constructed like a three-act saga , with only the third part failing to satisfy .
Terrifically captivating , whether delivering breathless action , knuckle-whitening suspense or moments of quiet intimacy .
Derek Cianfrance 's The Place Beyond the Pines is an epic film that towers high above the rest as the very best film of 2013 .
Writer-director Derek Cianfrance gained considerable attention for his 2010 drama Blue Valentine , and he has created an even finer movie with The Place Beyond the Pines .
`` The Place Beyond the Pines '' is a great example of daring storytelling and easily qualifies as one of the year 's best .
Bites off a little more than it can chew in that respect , but it 's still a deeply affecting drama with a powerful impact .
With The Place Beyond the Pines , Derek Cianfrance definitively establishes himself as an up-and-coming filmmaker with serious potential ...
Stretches the scope of the film well beyond crime thriller .
An ambitious and thought-provoking film with a beautiful score and some of the biggest narrative twists of the year .
Motivation is the weak link here , with characters major and minor making choices that do n't compute and/or serve mainly to advance the narrative down the next twist of track toward the tragedy looming on the horizon .
While it feels frustratingly disjointed , The Place Beyond The Pines also possesses moments of real power .
By linking -LSB- three vignettes -RSB- , Cianfrance explores larger themes that enrich the otherwise patience-testing 140-minute experience .
A memorable , thoughtful tale ; a thriller with real meat on the bone .
Would Pines have worked better as a 13-episode cable drama ? Probably . Yet its atmosphere comes through beautifully on the big screen .
Cianfrance uses the film 's gritty visuals to enhance the character 's experiences , starting with a vibe reminiscent of a 90 's thrash metal video clip , then moving into police footage territory before ultimately setting a wistful tone for the third act .
The film is unfortunately front-loaded with more art movie cliches than you can count , but once they get out the way the trans-generational story does close its grip on you .
`` Place Beyond the Pines '' will not lift spirits . Yet there are hints of hope attached to the film 's view that change is possible -- if people can just get out of their own way .
A huge leap forward for Cianfrance , who is rapidly distinguishing himself as a true auteur .
Bleak , raw , epic and vibrating with energy , Pines is a film to haunt your dreams , and , so far , the best thing I 've seen in a cinema in 2013 .
While it is still a rewarding film on face value , The Place Beyond the Pines offers additional pleasures for viewers keen to delve further .
... the best kind of film : big enough to be bracing , but small enough to draw you right in , and then exercise a firm , vice-like grip .
It 's the interesting characters and their thought-provoking choices that make this film so compelling .
An ambitious and twisting crime drama about fathers , sons and responsibility .
Cianfrance creates a layered and moving portrait of working-class life , of people trying -- in many of the wrong ways -- to improve lives for themselves and the generations to come .
This ambitious tale of tragedy and redemption among fathers and sons is told in three parts and , despite a superb performance from Ryan Gosling , is less than the sum of its parts .
Gosling delivers his most assured performance yet , in an ambitious , near-operatic drama-thriller that boldly unfolds across two distinctly different hours .
With the final act , as we see the longer term impact of earlier actions , the film attains something akin to epic status , stirring notions of classic Greek tragedy before scaling back and completing itself as a contemporary morality tale
Mike Patton 's grumbling song The Weight of Consequences eloquently reflects the hard-hitting theme of this provocative and gripping film in which three troubled roads are travelled
Cianfrance handles these large leaps in time with grace ; he does n't seem to leave anything out . His camera lingers generously over small moments so that no character gets lost in time .
The Place Beyond the Pines is a deeply affecting family drama about paternal responsibility , a riveting crime story , a cop movie and a tragedy .
A film of two distinct halves and it works to provide a dual character study of paternity and legacy
The most satisfying cinematic experience we 've had at the multiplex thus far this year , and largely through its disinterest in playing along with movie trends .
Not since Steve McQueen has any man looked cooler on a motorbike . Men admire him , women adore him , Ryan Gosling proves again , he is the most dynamic film star working in cinema today .
Great cast but the script meanders and ends up nowhere .
It allows you to really observe its characters and to ponder the themes that fuel the plot . For that reason , it is a film that makes a deeply emotional impact .
The mythically tinged final scene brings events full circle in a way that is superficially satisfying while also conceding that the movie 's chief concern is men and the art of motorcycle maintenance .
`` It 's up to the actors to figure this out , and they try ... but The Place Beyond the Pines displays a strange paternalistic streak . ''
Dove into deep psychological turf but without coming up with significant insights .
By the time director and co-writer Derek Cianfrance gets to the third act , it 's a soap opera and not a very good one .
Gosling and Cooper in a movie ? Yeah , you should go .
Pines Intrigues then Pulls its Punches
Basically a two act play , `` The Place Beyond the Pines '' attempts to be a clever puzzle but by the time the pieces are put into place you just want to sweep the whole thing off the table
Somehow , perhaps to the credit of the disarming Gosling and even Cooper , who perfectly delivers the hero-cop-turned-pariah , Cianfrance keeps us absorbed through three very intimate and heart-rending character studies .
The actors lift the story above and beyond .
Like Cianfrance 's Blue Valentine , which also starred Gosling , this film deepens with a second viewing , the repeats , coincidences and echoes in scenes creating almost a genetic memory of a previous life .
Duck out at the 110 minute mark and do n't look back .
Roger Ebert once said , ` It 's not what a movie is about , it 's how it is about it , ' and that applies 100 percent to this movie , a haunting film that makes something new out of the tradition of sprawling epic tragedies told in linear fashion .
A great film that captures how every decision you make has its repercussions .
a film for sinners that ca n't even bother to see the fun and comfort in sinning .
The Place Beyond the Pines is an engrossing , extremely well designed and acted film .
The good parts are so good , and the bad parts are so bad , that there 's not even a way to calculate an average .
Somber and suspenseful , if self-indulgent , identity story about fathers and sins .
It 's a movie that makes you think -- if not outright say -- You 're a good guy . You do n't have to do something this stupid . Oh , now look what you 've gone and done .
This naturalistic drama is ambitious to the point of being unwieldy ... But once the story has advanced from one generation to the next and its thematic sweep has become apparent , these flaws seem much more tolerable .
All three parts come together to make `` The Place Beyond the Pines '' a beautifully shot film ... It 's the story that fades , and no amount of photography can create enough distraction to overlook those .
-LSB- Ryan -RSB- Gosling duly burns up the screen during every wonderful second he 's on it -LRB- ... -RRB- the film 's first half is truly mesmerising . You ca n't take your eyes off its leading man .
The film is so velvety textured and dreamy , I would 've stuck around for more . That is Cianfrance 's special talent .
The film dazzles , surprises and amazes if , ultimately , it turns into a moody , meandering thriller-drama that falls slightly short of the mark and its bold , epic ambitions .
... strives to be a moving , epic family drama spanning 17 years , two families , two generations and 140 minutes . Alas , it loses both momentum and impact the further it ventures into its broken narrative .
It 's easy to roll your eyes at the film 's overreach , but every movie should be so flawed
I absolutely loved `` The Place Beyond the Pines '' right up until I hated it .
Mainstream audiences may be disappointed that this is n't a gritty thriller pitting the acting talents of Gosling and Cooper against each other , as it 's instead a boldly artful , often moving drama .
The ... stories mesh uneasily , even though the film-making is smart throughout and the acting often more than that .
With wonderfully drawn -- and acted -- characters , it becomes an engrossing and compelling drama built on a powerful sense of emotion .
It sounds ungrateful to complain that The Place Beyond the Pines is ambitious to a fault . But Cianfrance is capable of shapelier cinema .
It 's a masterpiece , this thing , but it 's exhausting to take in .
`` Pines '' is hardy stuff , but it 's at its toughest when Gosling 's on screen .
The Place Beyond the Pines is hackneyed and dull : Not a single moment rings true .
An impressive piece of American filmmaking that 's every bit as compelling as it is annoyingly flawed .
140 minutes , but a safe bet if you 're in search of entertainment ...
This is a story about legacy , the sins of the father , the restlessness in our souls . It 's powerful , it 's bold , it hits you hard .
Cianfrance and his sterling cast keep it all together , vanquishing doubt and soap suds . There 's a palpable sense of teamwork that brings out the best in all of these players .
Fathers , sons , and motorbikes .
-LSB- Its -RSB- `` sins of the father '' theme is vaguely reminiscent of `` The Godfather . '' But it 's really about the way the safety of our family is always on our minds but usually out of our control .
Its three stories are so loosely connected , its themes so scattered -- morality , justice , fate , fatherhood -- that it never manages to make a point .
`` The Place Beyond the Pines '' is an ambitious drama about the ways in which one bad decision can reverberate across generations .
It 's an intriguing , long , imperfect film that loosens in the middle and then again towards the end - but those are the parts some will come out liking the most .
The Place Beyond the Pines has an unpretentious power that sneaks up on viewers ; it 's over before you realize it 's one of the year 's finer films so far .
This is great American cinema of the type we keep worrying we 've already lost . Behind its puppy-dog eyes burns a fierce intelligence .
Gosling gives his most open and engaging performance yet , his sleepy , woozy mannerisms developing into a complex interior world of hurt , resentment and disappointment .
A beautifully shot , emotionally engaging smalltown crime drama with a pair of terrific performances from Ryan Gosling and Bradley Cooper ...
`` The Place Beyond the Pines '' is a defining accomplishment for Cianfrance . Those 47 days filming in Schenectady really paid off .
Other than a somewhat vanilla ending , and a question or two that goes unanswered , `` The Place Beyond the Pines '' grabs hold and never lets up .
The Place Beyond The Pines is impeccably crafted and Mike Patton 's orchestrations beautifully underscore the inner turmoil .
Carefully observed and consistently compelling , it feels like an instant American classic , if a minor one .
With an extra hour 's runtime this could have been a masterpiece . As things stand , it 's an admirable curiosity .
Cianfrance places himself alongside Paul Thomas Anderson , Robert Altman and other masters of storytelling on a grand scale .
Go in knowing as little as possible and prepare to be blown away by Derek Cianfrance 's American crime drama masterpiece .
It feels like an act of subversion in the movie culture of the moment ... to create a film this satisfyingly meandering , as if it 's discovering how loose and confounding reality can be as it goes along ...
You ca n't say Cianfrance lacks ambition and reach , but you start to wonder if the writer-director lost interest in his own project , or someone told him to hustle his bustle and forced him to race to the finishing point during the script stage .
In trying to tell an enormous amount of story it can spread itself too thin and leave some strands feeling unfinished , but when it 's at its best , this is beautiful and bold filmmaking .
The Place Beyond the Pines is one of the most ambitious and accomplished films of the year , a sweeping , searing family drama that packs a devastating emotional punch .
The Place Beyond the Pines is both unique and satisfying in the way it comes full circle and is so engrossing thanks to how lugubrious it is in nature .
With the arrival of The Place Beyond the Pines , the American dramatic film has found a loyal , gifted advocate in director Derek Cianfrance .
In a bold follow-up to his controversially rated , critically lauded Blue Valentine , Derek Cianfrance continues his exploration of family ties with The Place Beyond the Pines .
As the sum of some admittedly imperfect parts , `` The Place Beyond the Pines '' still manages to cast its own haunting , sorrowful spell .
The cumulative result is a picture that explores interesting themes and features solid to strong performances , but takes a few missteps along the way . -LRB- Complete Content Details for Parents also available -RRB-
More thematically dense and ambitious than any crime film you 'll see this year and with an incredible ensemble , The Place Beyond the Pines is the kind of daring , adult drama that critics bemoan does n't get made nearly enough .
-LSB- T -RSB- he passage of time highlights the passing of our emotional connection .
A little too convenient at sorting out its plot threads , but nevertheless remains a tough , compelling , uncompromising experience .
It 's a good movie , no doubt , but it 's nowhere close to the achievement `` Blue Valentine '' was .
The reach of ` The Place Beyond the Pines ' exceeds its grasp , and the result is intermittently powerful but ultimately disappointing .
-LSB- A -RSB- thoughtful and often powerful film ...
With more than 50 speaking roles , the film easily could have sprawled out of control into a predictable epic . But `` The Place Beyond the Pines '' holds enough intimacy - and surprise - to satisfy .
Cianfrance has n't figured out what he wants to say , but he spends a lot of time and energy trying to say it .
Gosling is phenomenal , the direction is inspiring , and it 's incredibly ambitious . But it is a little too ambitious for its own good , and that 's what holds it back from being great . Still , I would say it 's definitely worth your time .
Fine , fine , it 's an epic . Now let us up for air , please .
Despite incomprehensible miscasting of Cohen as the son of Cooper and Byrne , this is an engrossing film . The acting of the entire cast is superb and Cianfrance directs with a deft touch .
Smart and challenging , it 's one of the best movies of the year .
Cianfrance traces a tale familiar in its outlines but fascinating in its particulars .
You watch what happens , often dreading the worst . Even when the worst comes , though , it comes with honor and a kind of grace .
`` The Place Beyond the Pines '' earns every second of its 140-minute running time .
Attempts to depict a vicious circle of anguish that 's as profound as a stacked deck eventually tipping over .
It 's ambitious and unusual , to say the least , but I think it works because it 's honest .
If there are better films this year , then we are in luck . If it opened in December it would seem a major event .
The quality of the filmmaking is irreproachable ; swathes of originality outweigh the odd recourse to cliché ; and the merit of the storytelling at times matches the film 's colossal ambition .
`` The Place in the Pines '' -LSB- is -RSB- a case of steadily diminishing returns .
An action thriller of alienation and broken dreams passed from generation to generation make this a thoroughly entertaining 140 minutes .
The Place Beyond the Pines is ten pounds of film stuffed into a five-pound movie .
While the cumulative effect is modest , the ideas are difficult to dismiss .
Like a four-hour miniseries crammed into a 90-minute time slot .
Place Beyond the Pines manages to illustrate the ravages of family and legacy almost as effectively as Blue Valentine did the ravages of romantic connection .
A technically brilliant film , but a bummer that 's more about inevitability than possibility . Sidenote : the baby actor 's name is `` Anthony Pizza Jr. ''
The crime and police genres used to give `` Pines '' its forward motion are rarely seen with such a remarkable degree of sensitivity .
A film this well-constructed , superbly acted , and thoughtfully humanistic is rare ; it 's the kind of movie many people say ca n't get made any more .
Melancholy , mature drama explores father-son themes .
With a dash of gritty crime drama , truly compelling characters and top-notch acting from Cooper and Gosling , Derek Cianfrance 's `` The Place Beyond the Pines '' is a must-see .
Try to imagine ` Crash ' as written and directed by James Gray and you might come close to conceptualizing this beguiling film .
... promising way more than it can ever hope to deliver in what suddenly seems like a too-short two-and-half-hours .
A brilliant , towering picture , The Place Beyond The Pines is a cinematic accomplishment of extraordinary grace and insight .
The movie is intimate in its telling , sweeping in its issues and stumbles only occasionally .
Its ambitions - even its unrealized ones - are a great part of its power .
Structured as a triptych , the movie is novelistic , earnest and somewhat exhausting - an ambitious effort that tries to be many things .
This entire saga climaxes in an a moment of catharsis that feels remarkably pat and simplistic .
The picture plays out almost as ritual -- a dark , hypnotic experience .
As schematic as a family tree .
This triptych about fathers , sons and the determinism of class is two-thirds of a terrific film . The last part is a letdown because the first are so powerfully believable .
The movie settles into conventional rhythms once the focus shifts to Bradley Cooper and completely loses its way after that .
Each chapter of The Place Beyond the Pines gets successively less interesting than the last ...
For the most part ... this is self-serious stuff , seething with ambition but almost devoid of spontaneity , and ultimately drained of genuine energy .
If , in the end , the film ca n't quite sustain its epic vision , it does , along the way , achieve the density and momentum of a good novel .
It 's one of the best and most ambitious films of the year .
An immensely thoughtful and well-constructed evolutionary analysis of the origins of crime , and how it subtly perpetuates throughout generations .
a three-part epic of fathers and sons , criminality and the law that is beautifully crafted . Unfortunately what could have been a great film becomes contrived when the filmmaker turns his focus to his first generation 's progeny ...
-LSB- The Place Beyond The Pines -RSB- a beast of a movie , an emotional roller coaster that threatens to go off the rails , and does .
This is a big movie with a lot on its mind . Slowly , it unfolds into a kind of epic .
The movie , which holds your attention from moment to moment , by the end leaves you grasping for the experience you have n't had .
This emotionally ambitious mess has faults to spare , but there 's also something fuzzily honest about it .
Although The Place Beyond the Pines is not an unqualified success , when Cianfrance stumbles , it 's because he 's reaching for greatness ...
To the film 's credit , it 's damn near impossible to imagine where The Place Beyond The Pines will end based on where it begins , even though its ever-widening scope causes it to lose some of the grubby intensity of its early scenes .
An over-stuffed , hyper-pulpy , and mostly trite trifurcated drama about family , crime , and moral ambiguity .
Derek Cianfrance leads us on a long , gritty , humanly flawed , densely emotional journey beyond the pines , but it 's hard not to recognize his brilliant vision and execution upon reaching the final destination .
Even when the story falters , Cianfrance has assembled a pretty great cast to give his ideas life . You may not always buy the movie , but you buy the people in it .
The Place Beyond the Pines wants to be a deep-dish meditation on fathers , sons , and the consequences of the decisions we make . But it 's a slow-burner that burns so slowly its wick completely fizzles out .
Mr. Cianfrance 's artistic vision catapults it above the limitations of contrivance and into a realm of constantly evolving shifts of tone and mood .
`` The Place Beyond the Pines '' aims admirably for an epic sense of Greek tragedy , and it does have some powerful individual moments , but the characters are all so underdeveloped that the whole effort feels like studied posturing .
The movie looks great throughout , blending action , urban drama and family melodrama with a dark , thrumming undertone that holds them together .
The opening chapter with a compelling Ryan Gosling as a motorcycle-daredevil bank robber is the strongest element of this three-part drama about fathers , sons and fate .
Sure to inspire indifference and cultish admiration in nearly equal measure , this extravagant mess may someday be re-evaluated as a misunderstood masterpiece .
There 's a distinct feeling that the movie is trapped in its own pop psychology .
There is an inevitability to the story , which builds tension like a snowball propelled by an avalanche . Cianfrance invests it with a sense of tragedy that 's Shakespearean .
An interesting movie , followed by a less interesting movie , followed by a third movie that 's even weaker
Long and can feel like it , but your time and attention is ultimately rewarded through thoughtful , tense and moving scenarios that culminate in a satisfying and well-earned conclusion .
A somber and striking drama that takes some wrong turns but features a charismatic performance from Ryan Gosling in the leanest and best of its three sections .
Cianfrance shows a continuing maturity in his filmmaking style , and once again shows a talent for narrative complexity .
The segments are essentially monodramas , so sketchily written that the big moments feel less like recognizable human behavior than recognizable screenwriter overreaching .
The Place Beyond The Pines is classic melodrama ... the kind Hollywood made in black and white
You 'll definitely feel the 2-plus hours run time , but I was more than happy to do so .
A worthy endeavor that is still good , however I bet that falls short of it 's lofty goals .
Not nearly as strong as Cianfrance 's previous movie , but it comes across as an interesting dramatic storytelling experiment that ultimately pays off .
` The Place Beyond the Pines ' comes readymade with a heft ... as if students have been banging out essays on -LSB- it -RSB- for years .
The film never reaches a climax because it 's always in one , distilling the lives of its characters to their tensest moments .
An epic soap opera obscured by high style and buoyed by Ryan Gosling 's 8-pack abs , The Place Beyond the Pines is really nothing more than delicious drivel masquerading as a serious drama .
Morality is flexible and self-interest is paramount . Another terrific collaboration between director and star .
The result is an oddly broken-backed narrative , with three distinct chapters and no central character to carry the narrative . The ambition , to tell a complex story over two generations , is laudable , but the result is n't entirely satisfying .
While Cianfrance 's overambitious narrative and Crash-y conclusion come perilously close to bringing the film to its knees , the electrifying first half more than compensates .
An unbalanced dual narrative plays out in Derek Cianfrance 's -LRB- `` Blue Valentine '' -RRB- unsteady attempt to extract universal truths about unintended legacies passed down from father to son .
Overlong and under-conceived .
Most every element of the film is impeccable .
A sweeping , bold and admirably ambitious crime movie triptych , which almost compensates for its occasional overreaching with sheer bravado and fully committed performances .
Honestly , they could just call it Bluer Valentine : Drive Faster ... See , in one movie he 's a stuntman who drives getaway . In this movie he robs banks with a motorcycle , so it 's totally different !
My admiration for Cianfrance is all the greater for the melodramatic risks he 's willing to take , whether or not every last one of them pays off .
lengthy and dense film packed with a handful of great performances , The Place Beyond the Pines has great ambition but not nearly enough accomplishment .
A film so thematically and dramatically rich , soulful and suspenseful , it carves itself into your consciousness and refuses to leave .
An epic crime sage that constantly subverts audience expectations.Incredible .
A superb drama that is focuses unflinchingly on the often anguished relationship between men and their boys , between men and other men , and between men and themselves .
There is true beauty in the despair that pervades `` The Place Beyond The Pines . ''
The Place Beyond the Pines is ambitious and epic , perhaps to a fault .

@highlight

Ambitious to a fault , The Place Beyond the Pines finds writer/director Derek Cianfrance reaching for -- and often grasping -- thorny themes of family , fatherhood , and fate .