In fits and starts it 's faintly cool , though the tone is all over the place .
A fun and often creepy little zombie entry into the genre ...
An amusingly outrageous Australian variation on the familiar zombie theme , played mostly for laughs .
Undead is n't a joke - it 's a punchline . Where 's the setup ?
Zombies galore , buckets of blood , and a non-stop action flick with quirky characters .
Unlikely to satisfy horror fans ... but the Spierigs might have a future in this genre if they put more effort and imagination into their scripts .
... we need more quality zombie films like this to show Hollywood how it should be done .
If the undead in this movie were n't so physically hideous , they 'd be perfect for next year 's season of `` The Apprentice . ''
Une comédie d'horreur faite de peu de moyens et sans prétention , mais de manière un peu fade vu le scénario grandiloquent que le duo tente de nous faire gober .
... it seems obvious that the Spierigs are destined to go on to bigger and better things .
A comedic horror sci-fi mixture that manages to be sly , stupid , obvious , and creative -- often all at the same time .
There 's barely a brainwave in Undead .
Aliens , zombies , meteors , viruses , flying saucers -- you truly have to appreciate how these guys mixed genres and kept up a level of humor and action ...
If only the Spierigs had put as much effort into their writing as they did into the special effects , Undead `` might not be such a recycled , redundant bore .
Undead is the sort of movie that people in other horror movies are watching .
Undead is sort of imaginative and considerably scattershot ... succeeded only in making me groggy .
This Australian zombie import is ... a thoroughly bad movie -- written , acted and shot at the very lowest levels of know-how .
Undead is struggling to exist in a world that does n't need it .
Does n't even have the idiotic charm one might expect of a ` Plan 10 from Outer Space ' ... a home movie that ought to have stayed there .
some sort of retarded uncle to Peter Jackson 's early features
No amount of Zombie Rules can explain a movie like this , or the recent filmmaker fascination with a creaky old genre .
I 'm definitely zombied out .
There are only so many ways to slice the walking dead .
Soon everyone 's run down to the basement , where they ponder the usual options .
A low-budget , mildly enjoyable oddity .
Rigor mortis has set in .
The film 's genre-merging cleverness works against it , and releasing it in the wake of George Romero 's zombie knockout Land of the Dead invites comparisons that may be unfair but inevitable .
There are about 2,000 hard-core Fangoria readers in the Bay Area who are going to absolutely love this film . But the 6,698,000 other residents will find it at best a little boring and at worst stomach-churningly offensive .
The plot 's standard-issue , owing much to zombie movies that have staggered before this one .
Seeing people die in funny ways loses interest after a bit .
-LSB- T -RSB- here 's ... an oddly poignant attempt to redeem a hackneyed genre from pointless insensitivity .
Directors Peter and Michael Spierig have a tendency to push the performances into camp , but that energy and slapstick mayhem helps keep the film racing along .
However visually striking , this Australian film is ultimately as tedious as it is derivative .
The storyline becomes pretty tedious , thanks to an incredibly slow beginning and a scenario based entirely on running around in circles to get away from the undead .
The film will frighten only those with phobias about boredom and amuse only viewers with expectations lower than the filmmaker 's miniscule budget .
Away from the killing field , the Spierigs ' actors prove themselves to be the most zombie-like , devolving into a din of screechy bickering that 'll leave you running for the exits .
The kind of movie that would be so bad it 's good , except it 's not bad enough to be good enough .
Undead is not as funny or clever , but its special effects are surprisingly professional , given how low the budget clearly was .
Despite its clever low-budget visual style and campy sensibility , Undead is just too derivative to go on as long as it does .
Blatantly designed to be an insta-cult classic from the word go , it commits the one cardinal , unpardonable sin of a genre film : being dull .
The plot keeps you guessing and is constantly throwing the characters off track ; only the camp factor prohibits you from caring quite as much as you should .
What the movie lacks in clarity it makes up for in gallons of campy gore . Undead sure ai n't art , but it sure is fun .
It 's more a tribute movie than an original .
... so amateurish and unimaginative , the big mystery is why anybody bothered to put it in theaters . It 's the first horror film that 's shot like a sitcom .
Offers both a broadly funny Australian spin and a unique attempt to make sense out of the senseless conventions of zombie films
Though it sometimes veers toward the ludicrous , at least it 's never uninteresting .
While the low-budget film serves up a remarkably cost-effective arsenal of wild visual effects , the over-the-top tone gets stale awfully quickly .
The surprize ending almost redeems the film ... almost .
A cheerful Frankenstein 's monster , cobbled together from bits of dozens of zombie gut-crunchers , plus aliens , acid rain and assorted X-Files weirdness .
Undead is numbingly inept on almost every level .
Homage with good intentions , no matter how many zombie fish you throw in , does not a good movie make .
Gore hounds might dig the gross-out effects , but this monster mishmash is far from a graveyard smash .
This overlong zombie splatter movie is ultimately undone by bad acting , plot holes bigger than the perforations in the victims ' torsos and an ending that raises more questions than it answers .
A campy , low-budget Romero homage that 's badly in need of editing .
It 's downright boring for an hour , then picks up , at least visually , when the zombified are hauled into space and hung there as if in a cosmic closet .
The title ` Undead ' is fine , but it might mislead audiences - something along the lines of ` Zombies Ate My Brain ! ' would have been more apropos ...
A stale , derivative mess that borrows heavily from every zombie and alien movie worthy of imitation , to only ho-hum effect .
A modestly budgeted but precociously inventive horror pic that combines brain-eating zombies with outer space aliens .
Flesh-eating fish notwithstanding , Peter and Michael Spierig 's low-budget schlock-horror parody brings precious little new to the undead genre .
Say what you will about the way Undead looks , sounds and feels : it tells a good story . Someone else might have told it better , but what the hell .
It 's about as much fun as watching blood dry .
... it is difficult to not give a little respect to a film with zombie fish that stars a guy named Mungo McKay
Watching it is a smidgen like listening to the same monkey-walks - into-a-bar joke for the 105th time , but for the Spierig brothers , it is clearly a demonstration of fast-cheap capabilities and a one-way ticket straight out of Queensland .
That said , it 's still a lot of fun and the film combines some impressively gory set-pieces with smartly-written characters and some hilarious lines
A no-budget oddity that boasts more enthusiasm than charm .
Absolutely unhinged in a way only Australian filmmakers can ever get right .
A CGI-laden Frankenstein built from spare pop cultural parts , existing only to pander to an ADD-afflicted demographic of teenage boys .
While the final act may leave you scratching your head , you should get enough laughs and good , campy gore along the way to have made it worth your trip .
Give the Spierigs credit for finding an interesting way to free themselves of the shackles of the zombie genre , if only for a little while .
Sadly terrible -- and not in a trashily fun way , rather in a boring sense .
The Spierig brothers ' horror comedy has some twists of its own and a fine pair of heroes in beauty-queen Rene -LRB- Felicity Mason -RRB- and stoic action-man Marion -LRB- Mungo McKay -RRB- .
A hilarious blend of slapstick comedy and imaginative horror gore .
Unendurably boring in its superfluousness , its ersatz feel accentuated by a plethora of digital effects , Undead is simply a stiff




@highlight

This low-budget homage to the zombie genre borrows heavily from superior predecessors and revels in a pile of its own campiness -- neither original nor watchable enough to entertain .