If vignettes merely support a thesis , the audience is disinclined to care about the people in them . Instead of being entertained , we 're lectured to . Who wants that ?
Reefer Madness with smartphones .
Disconnect succeeds most when it 's pulling at the heartstrings .
Stern 's screenplay touches a nerve-the audience is nodding their heads at the outset of each of the stories and Rubin 's excellent cast perfectly embody these familiar , everyday characters whose lives are suddenly upended .
Disconnect turns out to have a complicated view of life in the digital age . Rising to scenes of real intimacy and insight , the movie is stimulating , and , at times , touching .
Disconnect is to social networking what Requiem For A Dream was to drug addiction .
Disconnect is disturbing and haunting , but most of all , it 's an immensely compelling and taut thriller .
While `` Disconnect '' may not offer anything new to the argument against the overuse of technology , it remains a well-made film with strong performances from the entire cast .
... long after Rubin 's absorbing menu of issues intersect in a sparkling and unpredictable climax , his film likely will leave you thinking about much of what you 've witnessed .
A powerful tale about the dangers of spending a lifetime online or losing one 's self to online fantasies or ideals .
There are some powerful moments , and the film remains edgy and compelling for about an hour before its interlocking structure becomes more constricting and heavy-handed .
Tries to plug in to real emotions , but the parts are more powerful than the whole
If a movie could have facial features , ` Disconnect ' would wear a furrowed brow and earnest , worried eyes .
A dark but powerful cautionary tale that benefits from strong performances from a talented cast .
It does n't all work -- and it sometimes feels like a much smarter take on Paul Haggis ' Crash -- but enough of it works to make it a worthwhile film .
There 's no way to see this film and not be concerned each time an electronic device is used . That kind of visceral reaction is what makes the film so disturbingly brilliant .
By constantly weaving these tales together , Rubin takes humanity out of the equation , almost as if all these human intersections were engineered by technology , not an increasingly interrelated world .
This movie does n't need a reviewer , it needs a family mediator .
Come on , guys : There 's nothing cinematic about Googling .
`` Disconnect '' would have been wiser to focus more on the everyday ways technology alienates us from each other , rather than descend to this sort of fear-mongering melodrama .
There are no revelations or surprises , just newspaper editorial-style lamentations disguised as cautionary tales . I 'd rather watch racism push Sandra Bullock down the stairs in Crash .
Sensitive performances from the entire cast are absorbing , especially Jason Bateman in his first full-on dramatic role .
A dramatic triptych of loosely connected stories that mostly avoids the pitfalls of an easy target with solid work from all involved .
Handsomely shot and judiciously edited , the film benefits from a superlative cast ...
It 's left to the actors to make up for the gaffes , and they 're definitely up to the task .
Even in the heightened awareness of a post - age -LRB- and its -RRB- , Disconnect is naturally gripping .
Journalists lie , spouses stray and thieves steal , but `` Disconnect '' keeps trying , unsuccessfully , to pin the blame on technology rather than its users .
I preferred `` Disconnect '' 10 years ago when it was called `` Crash . ''
As cautionary tales go , `` Disconnect '' is a pretty good one , but it 's not really a whole lot more than that .
In the sobering drama Disconnect , technology is one of the culprits that separate people from each other - but not the only one .
It thinks it 's smarter than it is .
A penetrating examination of who we are as a people and culture living in the advanced electronic age of the here and now -- a place as potentially dangerous and harmful as it is radically convenient .
Rubin overcooks his vulnerability , rendering the viewing experience frustratingly short-sheeted in the significance department , making online angst a perfect fit for a Lifetime Movie night .
... a movie with mounting tension , not an easy one to watch , that ends with a thud ... up until the last five minutes , though , this is thoroughly engrossing .
`` There was n't a moment during this movie when I was thinking about anything other than this movie ''
By the end of Disconnect , the destination may not be as satisfying as it could 've been -LRB- or initially seemed to be -RRB- , but the journey often is .
One of the rare films that directly responds to and expresses modern anxieties .
Three compelling dramas about lives shattered by thieves using the tools of technology to steal things of great value to their victims .
Despite some fairly decent performances , Disconnect is a film that feels both old fashioned and like old news , revealing nothing that has n't already been suggested by some half-assed op-ed half a decade ago .
Working with a strong cast and a well-crafted Andrew Stern script , director Henry Alex Rubin has woven an effective tapestry of modern alienation .
Some of the rawest and most energetic filmmaking I 've seen in some time .
The director of the acclaimed 2005 documentary ` Murderball ' takes on a ` Crash ' - like feature film involving several storylines on a collision course , and the results are entirely meh .
With impeccable transitions , well-calculated story overlap , and a congealing tone , it does n't feel like a sampling of stories , rather a look inside a well-developed world .
Intense , powerful film explores joys and dangers of the Web .
A deeply flawed motion picture containing moments of brilliance that illustrate its strong thematic content .
Disconnect is tough to watch at times because it cuts so close to the bone . That 's also why it 's so effective .
Andrew Stern 's script nearly convinces us it has something to say beyond , `` Internet , scary ; people , alienated . ''
Gripping -- filled with rich performances by a top ensemble cast and powered by a script that punches home its points with memorable detail .
There 's a movie to be made , perhaps , about the way that electronic devices have created distance between us . But it 'd be better if not every story revolved around a crime .
Soulful though the film is , melodrama gradually sneaks in , and then it takes over .
This is a film about characters reconnecting -- to others , themselves , and the world -- and how unprepared they are for it .
Disconnect is an inspired parable of this age .
Not as bad as ` Crash , ' but it sure as heck ai n't good
What works is the uncomfortable intimacy of peering over the shoulders of , say , Patton when she watches YouTube videos of her dead son , and the shudder of recognition that our hard drives are our external consciences .
A bleak vision of life in the Internet age as an asocial network where faceless predators abound , heedless kids live secret lives , everything is phishy until proven otherwise and quests for love or intimacy lead to loneliness or grief .
Rubin , the award-winning documentary filmmaker of Murderball , working with a script by Andrew Stern , is good with the details , and he gets strong performances from his cast in this , his debut feature .
Worst-case scenarios for our forays into chat rooms and social network sites are laid bare , as are the illegal and immoral contours of the digital landscape in this well-acted dramatic thriller .
The film ominously conveys a world of too much information but too little communication , where people have become slaves to glowing hand-held devices that were designed to make life easier but have made it busier and more complicated .
Built around several seemingly separate but ultimately interconnected stories , Disconnect will earn comparisons to Crash . Yet unlike Crash ... Disconnect tempers its more over-the-top moments with a real sense of tension and emotion .
Ironically , by linking things up so snugly it damages its ability to connect with us .
`` Disconnect '' is far from a bad movie . It 's just better at melodrama than drama .
As is often the case with multiple , crossing story lines , results are uneven , the film 's theme organic to one , cliched in another , forced in a third . Call this one ` Cyber-Crash . '
This dour would-be art movie posits that social media might be alienating people from each other rather than bringing them together . -LRB- Spoiler alert : the title is a metaphor . -RRB-
-LSB- An -RSB- unsubtle but unsettling assessment of contemporary technology .
I 'd say I 'm of two minds about Disconnect , but I think it 's more like my mind and my heart do n't agree on this one .
I believed the lives of these people . I believed they 'd do the drastic things they do in the face of crisis . I ached for them when things went terribly wrong and rooted for them when there were glimmers of hope .
How a new director works with actors is telling , and the performances in Disconnect are first-rate all the way .
The thematic points are made clearly , with well-sustained tension and no shortage of dramatic impact . It 's just that it 's all a bit obvious ...
Responsible , riveting and intense , it 's a film about cybercrime that left me shaking-the movie equivalent of sticking a wet finger into a hot socket .
All the hand-wringing tech paranoia is merely an excuse for a microversion of Babel-like melodrama , one in which the loosely interwoven stories , regrettably , never add up to the sum of their parts .
While well-crafted and at times moving , screenwriter Andrew Stern 's cautionary tales ca n't help but feel behind the curve , the news they 're so urgently sharing already fully absorbed by the culture .
A blunt instrument of a movie ... melodramatic . But it sometimes moves and often hits its target square on the nose .
Upsetting , exhilarating and frightening in equal measures . It 's got the ability to pierce your complacency with its cautionary tale .
Fails not so much because of its occasional self-seriousness or didacticism than it does from a scattered plot that makes the story 's overriding theme or message difficult to grasp .
-LSB- VIDEO ESSAY -RSB- Identity theft , online bullying , and interactive porn sites each play a part in a problematic digital social landscape that `` Disconnect '' examines in a razor-sharp triptych narrative .
... a consistently compelling and surprisingly moving drama that remains a cut above similarly themed fare ...
Andrew Stern 's overworked but oddly nonspecific script needs to be a lot savvier about contempo media culture to bear the didactic weight of its themes .

@highlight

It 's didactic in spots and melodramatic in others , but Disconnect 's strong cast helps make it a timely , effective exploration of modern society 's technological overload .