The villainous turns by Jon Voight -LRB- as a hard-hearted Mormon bishop -RRB- and Terence Stamp -LRB- as a bloodthirsty Brigham Young -RRB- would have been more fun if they were n't part of such a clumsy campaign to lay this tragedy at the church 's doorstep .
Predictable , obvious , often silly .
Drama may benefit from attention to history , but history does n't always make for good drama .
Contriving a faux Romeo and Juliet romance as a point of entry for the audience shows how unimaginative the filmmakers are , and how blandly and uninvolving it plays shows how fairly clueless they are in going about their game plan .
Muddled , sloppy , and obfuscating .
For all the guns fired in the film , -LSB- director -RSB- Cain aims the largest one at his foot-and pulls the trigger again and again .
An already thin veneer of historical truth wears off fairly quickly in this surprisingly dull and melodramatic low-budget western .
The workmanlike craftsmanship of Cain 's filmmaking almost -LRB- but never quite -RRB- smooths over the ham-fisted way he conceives the story .
There was another 9/11 horror . But it happened 150 years ago .
A plodding and highly questionable history lesson .
It 's a toss-up as to whether September Dawn is more offensive as history , as allegory or simply as lousy self-important filmmaking .
With its complete lack of empathy for early Mormons and simplistic rendering of historical figures , September Dawn is that rare movie that actually deserves whatever condemnation might come from religious groups .
The director 's overreaching attempts at social commentary with hackneyed devices weaken the veracity of the source material and leave the film open to interpretation as propaganda .
Often gripping and fascinating , it 's bound to create waves of controversy .
An asinine chunk of Mormonsploitation that mixes historical fact with fictional romance and bald-faced anti-Mormon prejudice .
For all its cinematic weaknesses , I left the theatre weeping . `` Now you know how I feel when I see holocaust films , '' my Jewish husband told me gently as he wiped away my tears .
Religious and thematic issues aside , September Dawn is well-crafted as a revisionist Western with a message .
The maudlin , grotesque western September Dawn apes Schindler 's List in hopes of creatinga Christian Holocaust picture .
What could have been a galvanizing and all-too timely account of religious fanaticism turning violent has instead been reduced to the banal level of an Romeo and Juliet-type love story .
While we should always be suspect of history served up with popcorn , this is a story worth telling
The film Mitt Romney does not want you to see . And it 's easy to see why .
Why does this film even exist ?
Disturbingly awful .
With September Dawn , filmmaker Christopher Cain has turned a national tragedy into a teen romance , and not in a grand , entertaining , Titanic way .
Even if Cain and co-screenwriter Carole Whang Schutter hold no animosity toward the LDS , the flat-footed fakiness of their story prevents September Dawn from feeling historically accurate .
-LSB- The film -RSB- too often feels like a very elaborate episode of Gunsmoke .
-LSB- Director Cain -RSB- stops short of calling Osama bin Laden a Mormon sympathizer , but maybe that 'll be on the DVD .
It turns a complicated story of religious bigotry and paranoia , with visitations from God , self-appointed prophets and ` divine ' instruction into a dry history lesson .
The filmmaking here is so incompetent and laughably awful that it recalls the work of schlockmeister Ed Wood .
What a strange , confused , unpleasant movie this is .
It 's waxy Classics Illustrated cinema .
Such ham-fisted earnestness does no one any good , least of all those who believe there 's a big difference between historical fact and emotional screed .
A stirring love story that dabbles uncomfortably close to hate .
Less verifiable than implied , ` September Dawn ' nevertheless does raise relevant questions of intolerance , fanaticism and individual responsibility .
Cain has co-written and directed a film that only the most bigoted of Mormom detractors could enjoy . Most viewers , if any are willing to part with their money or time , will simply laugh derisively .
If the Western genre is struggling , it 's because of terrible movies like this one .
Cain has turned the Mormons into baby-eatin ' Nazis to suit his argument , parading around these black-clad , chin-bearded , testicle-slicing gunslingers without any thoughtful consideration .
The cruel simplicity of the atrocity is made needlessly chaotic by artless camerawork that swishes rapidly back and forth across the action , to the accompaniment of a syrupy soundtrack .
If September Dawn is a kind of Western , it 's a Western utterly devoid of heroism or the usual archetypes . But the core message transcends time : Hatred laced with religious fanaticism is a toxic blend .
The film feels less like historical drama than a venomous religious tract printed on celluloid .
When watching the screen depiction of a historic event in which 120 people were murdered , giggling is not the appropriate response .
Even if one gets past the movie 's controversial depictions , there is the matter of its second-rate , made-for-television fare -- the poor battle choreography , the wooden editing and the cheesy writing .
It has the chilling certitude of the self-righteous .
Bombastic , slow-drying dramatization with lead-weight dialogue and a turgid romantic subplot .
Earnest but misguided attempt to generate political allegory from the horrific Mountain Meadows Massacre of 9/11/1857 would have benefited from a more straightforward retelling .
The jarring MTV-style filmmaking is so distracting and the ` messaging ' so unsubtle that after two long hours you find yourself leaving the theater with a massive headache , wondering when you started to hate Mormons .
When the movie is n't doling out ham-fisted history ... it gives us magnificent vistas of a pristine prairie ... and there 's a deep sweetness to the subplot of Jonathan and Emily falling in love .
This handsome indie Western damningly recounts the 1857 slayings of 120 settlers passing through Utah , but the didactic presentation , grim speechifying and tacked-on love story all signify a less-than-healthy regard for the audience 's intelligence .
September Dawn has the ham-fisted lyricism of political ads and pharmaceutical commercials .
Does n't even measure up to an episode of your typical , cowboy TV show from the Fifties like Roy Rogers or The Lone Ranger . Get my drift , Kimosabe ?
The real problem is that September Dawn is n't a very good movie . It moves too much like a public-school history pageant and gives us mono-dimensional characters who speak dialogue that fairly reeks of printer 's ink .
Has serious problems in historical terms . But in this case they 're exacerbated by the simple ineptitude of the filmmaking .
Forget Grindhouse . September Dawn is the year 's first honest-to-goodness exploitation flick .


@highlight

With its jarring editing , dull love story , and silly dialogue , September Dawn turns a horrific historical event into a banal movie .