Jeff Bridges is extraordinary as Ted Cole ... this hothouse tale of grief , sex and betrayal is told with a cool detachment that renders it commendably unsentimental -- and slightly remote .
Complex , candid , and satisfying `` The Door In The Floor '' beckons back to the socially provocative American films of the late '60s and early '70s . It is an adult drama with characters you sympathize with in spite of their immoral behavior .
Williams -LRB- ... -RRB- toma decisiones extrañas que no hacen crecer la película en términos dramáticos .
A direção de Tod Williams , além de abrir espaço importante para a força das atuações do elenco , destaca-se por não ter medo do silêncio .
-LSB- Jeff Bridges -RSB- struts around like a peacock trapped in a burning house ...
an alternately amusing and tragic portrait of post-traumatic eccentricity , focusing on two parents who are unable to get over the loss of their two sons after a car accident .
Jeff Bridges is perfect as the dissipated , amoral , wise , foolish writer .
Another entry in the fallout-from-grief genre , but it subscribes too readily to the theory that tragedy automatically equals importance .
Despite some powerful scenes and Jeff Bridges ' performance , as a whole , Door in the Floor is a flawed movie that lacks much shape or rhythm .
The audience may feel like taking a shower , just to wash this creepy movie away
A finely made drama about a seriously disturbed family .
Start engraving that Oscar for Jeff Bridges .
rich with rarely seen moral gray areas . The characters may not be likeable , but at least they have actual human depth .
The material is slim and becomes slimmer still by our advance grasp of it ; what 's meant to be novelistic in detail instead comes to seem belabored . Not a bad film . A misfire .
One of the best Irving adaptations , a movie with a sad soul and something to say about that state in us all .
It takes nerve to use dead children as apologists for adult misbehavior , but nerve is something novelist John Irving has never lacked .
-LSB- O -RSB- ne of the most subtly suspenseful movies of the year ...
The most interesting character in the book remains 4-years-old -LSB- in the film -RSB- , never growing up into the anguished heart of the novel .
`` The film , while telling a story dealing with tragedy and its after affects , essentially boils down to a study in humiliation ''
... a film both fluid and hermetically sealed , inviting multiple interpretations and yet ultimately reluctant to give up its secrets .
... an odd movie , but the kind of odd movie that some people will take to and even love in spite of its confusing and difficult nature .
A limited success .
This is a film to wrap around yourself like a blanket , huddling from life 's harshness and tasting its riches .
Bridges and Basinger craft deeply layered , complicated characters whose flaws are substantial yet compelling enough to be liked by audiences .
Leaves the viewer with lots to think about but not much hope for the human condition .
One of the more faithful adaptations of a John Irving novel to date .
Bridges ' performance is a marvel of hard acting made to look easy .
I failed to connect with any one of the film 's three main characters .
Awash in lame symbolism , proud to pimp its salt-air locations and comely actors , and equipped with exactly zero governing notions of human behavior .
I ca n't forgive a movie for boring me . I can be offended , upset , incensed or infuriated . Take everything I hold sacred ... and throw human waste on it ... . Just do n't bore me .
While the film is a pleasure to behold , it is Jeff Bridges as successful author Ted Cole who is worth more than the price of a ticket .
Since when are dullness and realism synonymous ?
Williams bravely blends moments of levity into what is inherently a serious subject and also lends the film a restrained but stylish aura appropriate for the story 's tony setting in the Hamptons .
The richly rewarding film is funny , sexy , tragic , touching and sometimes kind of sweetly bizarre
There is something almost too familiar about its themes of marital discord , familial breakdown , and taboo relationships
This is essentially an actor 's film and the principals are all solid , with both Basinger and Bridges turning in some of their best work .
A fundamentally depressing piece of work -- not because it deals with tragic events and memories but because the characters seem hapless and even stupid , and the writer-director ca n't , or wo n't , take control .
One of those movies that screws up the small details while tapping into the larger issues .
While the story trips over all the symbolism and takes a glib turn , it is rarely sentimental .
An excellent rendering of the first third of ` A Widow for One Year , ' and one of the best John Irving adaptations to date thanks to the Oscar -LRB- R -RRB- - worthy Bridges and Basinger .
Well-composed as it is , The Door in the Floor is far too precious to evoke much more than a distanced , aesthetic appreciation .
A careful study of grief and love , remaining incredibly true to parts of Irving 's novel while leaving most of it untouched .
In many ways , despite its adult sheen , it 's as foolish as any other disposable summer film .
Not one enigmatic person in The Door in the Floor asks to be liked , but you like them anyway .
I ca n't say I minded the movie too much , but I ca n't say it ever grabbed me , which is how I feel about every other movie adapted from an Irving novel .
Bridges is clearly having the time of his career .
You 've heard of straight-to-video , but how about straight to the trash can ?
More than once during the movie , you 'll find yourself thinking ` Who are these people , and why am I sitting here watching them ? '
If The Door in the Floor is good enough for Irving , who 's often distanced himself from films based on his books , it 's certainly good enough for the rest of us .
The film is sweet , and nice , and very sad , but also very refreshing and funny .
The movie appears to be made for an audience whose highest aspiration is to be WASPs -- and it feels long enough to produce enough generations of them to fill an Andover reunion .
A beautifully acted examination of the bedeviling and perversely inspiring legacy of family tragedy , it 's one of the most sophisticated American films of the year .
The Door in the Floor is rough , unfinished , bruising , emotional and bitingly funny . Sounds like real life to me , and who said that had to be perfect ?
Incomplete and dreary , despite some beautiful atmospherics and an exceptional performance by Jeff Bridges .
I wonder if -LSB- director -RSB- Williams will tackle the rest of A Widow for One Year and bring us the whole John Irving story . He certainly did a fine job with part one .
Strongly character-based ... -LSB- but -RSB- the balance among the characters is badly skewed and , as well , they are an unsympathetic lot
Williams ' adaptation is unflaggingly faithful while also illuminating the marvelous parallels and symbols of words and pictures that Irving uses to connect his characters
Little more than tony melodrama .
An alert , adult and intelligent film .
By turns absorbing , unsettling and , for lack of a better word , icky .
In an example of the film 's veneration of mature female sexuality , Mimi Rogers , approaching 50 , fearlessly bares all in a scene heartbreaking in its cruelty .
Basinger and Bridges embrace the challenge -- he comes off as a adulterous cad who 'll never work through the tragedy ; she is a cold woman who 's left without feeling .
Irving writes about the consequences of the choices we make with endless and honest empathy for the flawed and damaged , and Williams does that too , allowing us to feel deeply for Ted , Marion and the future of Ruth .
We 're asked to care about a self-absorbed children 's author , his depressive , self-absorbed wife and their self-absorbed 16-year-old assistant .
Feels more about a situation than actual people . It 's sensitively rendered , filled with those necessary evocative details , and it never rings true .
A compelling , beautifully acted drama .
Dark cinema , but also perceptive and revelatory in exploring how an ill-fated couple struggles to cope with tragedy .
Bitter and bracing ...
The Door in the Floor is unfocused beyond repair .
Compelling than satisfying .
Marion -LRB- Kim Basinger -RRB- is , in Irving 's universe , the perfect muse , the victim you can blame .
A likable drama within its limitations .
Filled with darkly off-kilter humor and uncomfortably funny moments that resonate both emotionally and intellectually .
The Door in the Floor is a film about child abuse . The filmmakers either do n't realize this or do n't have the courage to admit it .
Acute , introspective look at a dysfunctional family gets a boost from Jeff Bridges ' performance .
If ` storytelling is all in the details ' , then the little moments add up to a movie worth seeing .
It 's easily the most robust and compelling movie ever spun off from Irving 's work .
A carefully conceived , thoughtfully orchestrated effort in taste and restraint that ultimately is too restrained and tasteful .
After Garp , this is the best screen treatment of the bunch .
Works better as an actors ' showcase than as a wholly satisfying filmgoing experience .
An American tragedy , exquisitely shot in the muted tones of the New England painter 's scenes of desolation and disappointment .
As tenderly acted as Door is , it never finds its tone or purpose .
A languorous , fitfully compelling screen adaptation .
As directed by second-timer Tod Williams , The Door in the Floor tackles each sequence as if it were a separate movie ; the tones never match .
It works as a fascinating and often very funny character study/satire of a famous author , though it loses interest the harder it tries to be profound and falls apart completely toward the end .
-LSB- Bridges -RSB- bursts through The Door in the Floor like it was made of plywood and , in the process , delivers the year 's first full-bodied dramatic performance .
Showcasing three individuals whose spiritual and physical journeys are both repellent and mundane , the film is just a long and pointless slog .
Extraordinary in every way , from the pitch-perfect performances to the delicate handling of explosive subject matter , The Door in the Floor is also a model of page-to-screen adaptation .
One of the better adaptations of a John Irving novel .
Director Williams ' tale never quite finds its footing .
I hope that Bridges will be remembered at Oscar time , but he probably wo n't be , and that will be further proof that he has given another typically first-rate Jeff Bridges performance .
The transformation of what Irving wrote to what Williams filmed is a classic case of diminishment by movie convention .
If Ted Cole were writing this , he would have sailed it toward his wastepaper basket .
Jeff Bridges offers perhaps the wittiest and richest piece of screen acting by an American man so far this year in the best movie yet made from John Irving 's fiction .
Handsome but coldly uninvolving and pretentious .
That Williams occasionally comes close to the author 's layered spirit is a tribute to his passion . But the film fails on a number of levels .
Perversely gripping .
An unassuming pleasure .
-LSB- Williams -RSB- maintains a well-judged equilibrium between the characters ' agonies and forced exhilarations .
A sophisticated , intelligent , summer film for adults who yearn for something more than popcorn flicks .
Something feels missing here -- like a middle and an end , maybe .
Well-acted , well-shot , humorous , touching , thoughtful and sharp , it nonetheless is missing that certain spark that lifts solid work above itself .
A masterwork ? Not really , but Door in the Floor has been made with devotion to the spirit of the material that inspired it .
-LSB- Jeff Bridges -RSB- is absolutely riveting in The Door in the Floor .
As rich with comic moments as an Irving novel .
Williams handles the main line of the story , the war between Ted and Marion , clearly and strongly .
A stunningly well-acted drama for grown-ups .
A jarring cinematic experience , suggesting both an unusual respect for the audience and a frustrating unwillingness on the part of the filmmaker to get his hands dirty .
This is classic Jeff Bridges , an actor whom we should just retire the term ` underrated ' to describe him and give the man his due as one of the finest actors in any medium .
Subtly captivating , fact-of-life moment -LRB- s -RRB- define -LRB- the film 's -RRB- emotional timbre ...
Sleazy in that Irving incestuous fashion : highbrow and lowbrow -- Cheever doing beaver .
Lines soaked with irony in the novel are played utterly straight-faced in the film-making Irving 's tale seem less imaginative -LRB- and considerably more pretentious -RRB- than it is .
A strange , dark , complex , multi-layered and intricately constructed narrative examining how people deal with a devastating tragedy .
At times it plays like an affecting portrait of a marriage on life support intersecting with an earnest coming-of-age story , at times like a Lands ' End catalog in which all the models have been instructed to squint at the middle distance .
The Door in the Floor is one of the best films of the year with its mature treatment of loss , sexuality and the emotional education of a young man .
For the most part , The Door in the Floor is well-made , and it held my attention throughout , but this is one of those motion pictures where it 's easier to admire than like the final result .
Its curious combination of refined understatement and theatrical flamboyance proves oddly compelling .
-LSB- I -RSB- t 's so strong and the performance by Basinger and by Bridges and this young actor , there 's such good work and there are some quiet moments of grief that really hit you ...
It 's a pleasure to watch Bridges and Basinger expose their characters ' flaws and inner torment so powerfully .
Bridges , a consistently under-appreciated actor , does arguably the best work of his career ...
This goes on for almost two hours and soon we 're bored to tears .
Fascinating use of children as metaphor .
Jeff Bridges brilliantly juggles the comedic and tragic aspects of the material . Too bad the film as a whole is a mixed bag .
There are more than a couple of moments in this film ... that get Irving 's sense of grotesque tragedy and tragic grotesquerie just right .
A thoughtful , melancholy story of love , loss , pain , betrayal and the lingering after-effects of tragedy .
Graced by bold performances , lyrical visuals and , most notably , Irving 's own words , which have made the transition quite intact thanks to a faithful but still filmic adaptation by writer-director Tod Williams .
fails to even approximate reasonable human emotion or behavior
This movie 's heart is set on suggesting that the cure for what ails you emotionally is sex . And , if it 's a little on the forbidden side , all the better .
A smutty , bargain-basement version of In the Bedroom .
Bridges explores lusty hedonism while Mimi Rogers 's bold nudity galvanizes . But I 'm getting tired of the double standard .














@highlight

Though uneven in tone , this is one of the better adaptations of John Irving 's novels , with Jeff Bridges giving one of his best performances .