This is a considered film that lacks the immediacy of a blunt message like the more simplistic Super Size Me , or the punchy , smokescreen climax of a film like Syriana to send the audience out feeling enlightened .
Linklater is preaching to the converted .
It 's about empty calories and empty life - ridiculous insistences that all kids see playing time regardless of on-field performance , the absurdity of porn as background noise , that revolution can start in rec rooms and the woozy lure of neon strip malls .
Distills a non-fiction book about the influence of fast food on the global cultural landscape into a narrative film that touches on the many of the points and populaces of the book .
` Fast Food Nation ' might have translated into a compelling documentary . Instead , Schlosser 's research is used as a springboard into a sluggish fictional narrative that merely hints at the grim reality .
Alt-weekly defeatism
Avril Lavigne even pops up to rail against deforestation . Who knew she could pronounce it ?
preachy
This was never intended to be a conventional movie , but more like a personal industrial film illustrating the process that brings the corpse of a cow to your dinner table .
Fills us with too much stuffing to digest in one sitting .
The large cast is uniformly excellent and the film has been designed to stir the pot ... Unfortunately , audiences do n't seem to be responding . Global warming is the hot button issue but our food supply and its contamination is just as important .
Though it may well make you vow never to eat a burger again , the film never really holds itself together .
Certainly food for thought then , just a shame the characters are n't as fully-fleshed .
The stories lack shape , and the procession of famous faces detracts from the low-key , realist tone .
This is a must .
It 's a bit of a McMovie .
Intelligent and radical , this meaty exposé of corporate greed offers plenty to chew on .
Engaging and stimulating .
This movie has taken a firebrand book and turned it into a whingeing piece of defeatism .
Ultimately , Fast Food Nation is preaching to the converted .
Not as hard-hitting and incisive as it could have been but a relatively thoughtful and thought-provoking film nonetheless .
A gross and engrossing attempt to humanise a hot-button subject , using a star-sprinkled cast to reveal some unpalatable truths .
Rather like a fungus-based meat substitute , this film feels as though it 's good for you , but actually there are few lasting benefits .
If the word ` tasteless ' can be applied to a film in the most positive sense , that film is surely the pro-animal activist eco-drama , Fast Food Nation .
It 's the performances and Linklater 's devotion to them and not just the nation that make this a meal worth eating .
Linklater opted for his typical chatty , meandering , plotless moviemaking to present the non-story .
It 's a shame that film is as priggish , poorly constructed and plug earnest as it is .
It 's clear that FFN might be yet another hot issue drama . But it 's sure has n't been cooked all the way through .
You wish that Linklater had less of the slacker in his filmmaker soul and maybe more of the spirit of early Warner Bros. .
Fast Food Nation has its heart in the right place and , even though fictionalized , it will probably open a lot of eyes . It is not , however , as effortless and enjoyable as most of Linklater 's films .
`` Meanders when it should be on point , gets preachy instead of insightful , and presents cardboard characters at every level of the food chain .
Linklater has mostly missed a golden opportunity to not only create an enduring work of art but to shame an industry into changing their ways .
For slicing through the euphemisms and getting to the heart of the matter , Fast Food Nation is the most important American film of the year .
Carries neither satirical bite nor emotional punch , an indictment delivered in an oddly mellow tone . Do n't order a helping .
Fast Food Nation poses an interesting critical conundrum : at one point does a film 's ambition make up for its dramatic clumsiness ?
Though `` Fast Food Nation '' the movie is interesting and revelatory , it 's oddly emotionless and unappealing .
Akin to a socially conscious ensemble film by John Sayles , Fast Food Nation takes aim at corporate America moreso than the McDonald 's and Burger Kings of the world .
Fast Food Nation makes you really think . It 's also really sad and fairly disgusting . But if that 's the bitter pill we have to swallow in order to look at what we 're doing to ourselves , then it 's a bad taste I can live with .
Linklater tries to tell too much story . We do n't have time to savor each valid piece of what he intends as a conscience-raising cautionary tale .
Blame director Richard Linklater and author Eric Schlosser for cooking Schlosser 's best-selling book into an unhappy movie meal .
The fiction that Schlosser and the director Richard Linklater have extracted from the book is a mess , with narrative lines that go astray or simply wind up in the air .
To me at least , there were just too many ingredients .
Though the filmmakers do n't quite deliver on all they promise , neither do they pull any punches .
Characters in Linklater 's films may not have all the answers , but they 're never afraid to reveal their own dark curiosity , uncertainty or inquisitiveness .
Our advice - if you do feel compelled to hit the mall to see this movie , do n't go out to eat afterwards .
When Fast Food Nation is on target , especially showing the plight of the Mexican workers who keep the industry going , the movie gives us plenty to chew on .
This is by far Linklater 's worst film , which is sad because he 's usually so much better than this .
To a degree , Fast Food Nation gets the job done , not least because of a harrowing section , late in the film , made up of actual slaughterhouse footage .
Richard Linklater and Eric Schlosser 's noble and worthy film about meat processing and consumption smacks of good-guy agitprop and fails as a character-driven narrative .
The movie , unwieldy to begin with , completely loses its way after Kinnear exits .
Even if you swear off burgers forever , it wo n't make Fast Food Nation 's characters come to life .
... I could n't help but think as I was watching it how much greater the impact would have been , had we been following real immigrant workers in this situation through the lens of a documentary .
Fast Food Nation translates gracelessly to fiction .
They say you do n't want to see what goes on behind the scenes in the making of sausage or politics . Fast Food Nation blends the two , and the result may not be a very good movie , but it certainly is effectively disgusting .
Fast Food Nation is alternately funny and disturbing , and surprisingly informative , even as it sacrifices some of its strength by lecturing to an audience that might be snacking on fake cheese-covered corn chips and calorie-laden cola .
Fast Food Nation is a also bit of a queasy mess .
Too many story threads are consistently ignored or dropped altogether .
A frustratingly toothless film whose heart is in the right place even if its head is n't .
Linklater and Schlosser have plenty to say . They just fail to say it cohesively .
The results are mixed but still worth your time .
Richard Linklater 's latest is a humorless , glum multicharacter melodrama that plays like John Sayles Lite .
A study of contamination in the food chain and in the culture at large , whether the offending microbes spill forth from cattle intestines , the corridors of corporate power or the seat of government .
Though eye-opening , it 's as non-threatening as any film involving sexual coercion , grotesque factory accidents and conveyor belts loaded with cow kidneys could be .
Fast Food Nation would have benefited from a longer running time -- the movie often feels like it 's missing big chunks of plot -- but Linklater 's cautionary message gets through .
Fast Food Nation tastes like something everyone says is good for you , but has little flavor .
No question , these are alarming issues , but I would direct you to Schlosser 's book .
Where 's the beef ? There is no tasty nutritious plot to chew on , merely lots of cheap info McNuggets meant to be gulped down quickly without thinking too much .
Indigestible .
The film is finally an uneasy marriage of his diverting technique -- rich performances , great talk , breezy pace -- and a subject too big and -LRB- ahem -RRB- meaty for him to swallow .
A serious subject ; a director who loves to listen to people talk things out ; and the nightmare this must have been in the editing booth , play out in front of us in 100 of the longest minutes you might ever spend in a theater .
These vignettes pay inconsistent dividends .
A rambling but potent ensemble piece .
This perfectly paced , thoughtfully written , and impeccably acted masterpiece is a gourmet meal from one of American cinema 's master chefs .
By taking a fictional approach , and drastically easing out of the attack mode , Fast Food Nation offers about as much bite as a day-old french fry .
It 's a lot of food for thought -- even if sometimes , a bit too much is on the menu .
For all the filmmaker 's good intentions , Fast Food Nation is n't a particularly good movie .
Those astonished to learn that animals are slaughtered to make hamburgers may well find Richard Linklater 's clumsy Fast Food Nation educational ; the rest of us may be underwhelmed .
Unlike the book it 's based on , Fast Food Nation wo n't make you think twice about what you eat . But it may make you think second thoughts about whether it might have made a better documentary .
Richard Linklater 's Fast Food Nation is major . It 's an angry movie that could shame a Big Mac lover into having a salad .
Many of the film 's subtler points are likely to slip by viewers who have n't first read Schlosser 's book . Other salient points are shoehorned into the dialogue , rendering key scenes preachy , heavy-handed and dramatically inert .
Richard Linklater is channeling Robert Altman -- or at least it seems he 's trying to channel Altman -- with his meandering , intertwined plot lines .
If ` Texas Chain Saw , ' ` Prime Cut ' and a score of other features that graphically literalized the concept that Meat Is Murder did n't transform moviegoers into vegetarians , what impact will an artful polemic like this have on the national stomach ?
This unflinching expose into the dark underbelly of the All-American burger is a thought-provoking cinematic meal .
You know what they call a Royale with Cheese in Austin , Texas ? The Big One ... ambitious and a typically satisfying outing for one of America 's most consistent directors .
At heart , the film is a vegetarian manifesto % u2014 a worthy enterprise , perhaps , but , with its overabundance of characters designed to make predictable polemical points , not much of a movie .
This film does serve a valuable purpose in getting us to think and act more responsibly about the way we relate to the creation that God has entrusted to us .
There 's a lot going on , but it all proceeds at Linklater 's typical laid-back rhythm .
Helmer Linklater opens your eyes to what lengths corporate America will go to make a buck -LRB- or billions of bucks -RRB- to give our consumption-geared society what it wants .
As satisfying as a meal at Mickey 's .
All Linklater can do is play to the rafters , and for a film that 's intended to wean audiences off fast food , you might find yourself purchasing some after the show just to spite this disappointing film .
Rather than looking down on viewers as dumb , blank slates to be taught and converted , -LSB- Linklater -RSB- simply invites us to participate in the conversation .
Not the most naturally flowing film , but it does get its point across .
As weak and bland as a McDonald 's hamburger patty .
it 's the supporting cast that takes control of the movie and makes the audience pay attention as best we can as Fast Food Nation falls apart
Even when Linklater does hit the soapbox a little too hard , Fast Food Nation still becomes the feel-bad movie of the year . And not just in an intestinal sort of way .
Linklater 's inquisitive mini-epic bullies the American way of eating with harsh reality and delicate understanding
... has some powerful moments and strong performances ...
Consider this one done medium-well .
Linklater defines his characters by their relationships , hopes , choices and weaknesses -- not , as so many directors do , by their particular socioeconomic circumstances .
The animals ' deaths are more exploited -LRB- and rendered senseless -RRB- by the film itself than they are by the restaurants and meat packers the film does its best to condemn .
The film adaptation of Eric Schlossers best-selling book is far too rich and complicated to be understood as a simple , high-minded polemic .
Viewers expecting a blistering attack on the fast-food business , or an Altmanesque panorama , will be disappointed , but it 's a sensitive and humane piece of work .
-LSB- A -RSB- sloppy , overarching fiction that tries to do too many things at once . It 's like a three-ring circus in which none of the acts is terribly interesting .
Fast Food Nation works far better as journalism than as drama .
It begins to feel less like a movie than a position paper .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Linklater maintains his usual effortless , laid-back charm while railing against corrupt industry as a whole . -LRB- Even when you 're being hammered over the head with some point , it 's usually a quiet , polite sort of hammering . -RRB-
The unstoppable director Richard Linklater -LRB- A Scanner Darkly -RRB- and writer Eric Schlosser take the latter 's nonfiction bestseller and rig up a fictitious , sprawling narrative to take up the book 's scathing talking points .
Effectively balanced between the nonfiction muckraking of Eric Schlosser 's bestselling exposé and the loosely structured character drama of Richard Linklater 's adaptation , the film is fascinating food for thought .
Decidedly spineless and not exactly all that eye-opening .
Fast Food Nation works best when it 's just hanging out with its far-flung collection of likable , flawed people living off the fat and the lean of the land .
What 's most frustrating about Fast Food Nation is how much it promises and how little it delivers .
A bold muckraking movie that attacks the fast-food industry , corporate malfeasance , workplace safety , and the plight of Mexican immigrants and working class people .
About as timely as Fahrenheit 9/11 would have been if it were released in 2025 .
takes a documentary-like tone , with the melodrama coming from the system that keeps everyone down , and downing crap-filled meat . It 's all the melodrama that 's necessary .
You 'd have to be either half-crazy or the most talented director alive to make the book into a film . Luckily , the movie version of Fast Food Nation has a man who 's both : Richard Linklater .
Linklater and Schlosser 's script is uneven and , ultimately , too erratic in focus to make a lasting impact .
... a deeply unappetizing experience , sort of like downing three Big Macs at one sitting . At least it 's more nutritious .
Ultimately , Richard Linklater 's new film is as messy as the factory floors laced with cow guts .
To say that Fast Food Nation the movie is less horrifying than the book is accurate , but not fair to the movie , which is plenty horrifying enough ... . Linklater puts a human face on a situation that is so huge that it just about paralyzes you .
As bad an idea as it is to eat before seeing it , you probably wo n't be very hungry -LRB- at least not for fast food -RRB- afterwards either .
Naturally , a subject this right-on draws a right-on cast .
One leaves the theater certain what Linklater 's theme was but uncertain why it was presented so ineffectively .
Fast Food Nation is exotic for being a movie about work . Its characters struggle with some of the world 's dirtiest jobs -- morally as well as physically .
It 's less an expose of junk-food culture than a human drama , sprinkled with sly , provoking wit , about how that culture defines how we live .
Fast Food Nation gives you much to chew on and much to expel , but at least you 'll be sick for a healthy cause .
Timely and unappetizing , it illustrates the folly of unsavory consumption but laid-back Richard Linklater lacks the necessary caustic tone to make a lasting impact .
Where this year 's mushy tobacco satire `` Thank You For Smoking '' failed due to its filmmakers ' refusal to take enough of a stand , `` Fast Food Nation '' has no such pretense .
Turned into fiction from the non-fiction bestseller by Eric Schlosser , Fast Food Nation sets up a scenario but fails to satisfactorily complete it
There are plenty of blasé attitudes about the companies who provide our burgers and fries , and with Fast Food Nation , there 's one more diffident voice to join the chorus .
Engaging , thought-provoking and sharply written , this is an impressively directed drama with superb performances from its talented ensemble cast .
More entertaining than a documentary can be , this fictionalized , muckraking pic could dent the fast food industry if enough people see it .
While the original book assumed an adult level of intelligence , the film pitches itself squarely at the sort of American teenager who would be shocked to learn that a fast food chain was anything but a pillar of the local community .
I 've never eaten fast food in my life . After seeing this movie , you will join my egg-whites-only lifestyle . For you , it will take the on-screen gutting of a cow to do it .
The slow and didactic film instructs us obsessively that fast food restaurants are evil , meat packers are more evil still and machines are actually the root of all evil .
A dramatic movie that 's engaging and provocative in a way a documentary could n't be .
Put over with a good deal of humor , not to mention some gut-wrenchingly graphic scenes in the abattoir and heartbreak tales of the Mexican immigrant work force , Fast Food Nation does not let up its momentum for a second .
Failing to dramatize Schlosser 's non-fiction expose , this is a simplistic message film about the fast food industry in which all the characters -- white , Latino , and Mexican -- are stereotypical and one-dimensional .
In the end , viewers waiting for an emotional and/or dramatic payoff will be disappointed . As a call-to-arms , it 's highly sympathetic but surprisingly mild-mannered .
Fast Food Nation is punchless .
I was n't entertained by this film , I was n't engaged by this film and I definitely did not learn anything from this film ...









@highlight

Despite some fine performances and memorable scenes , Fast Food Nation is more effective as Eric Schlosser 's eye-opening non-fiction book than as Richard Linklater 's fictionalized , mostly punchless movie .