It 's skating along the edge of total disaster . And yet , it 's also an enthralling , uplifting movie in which six different stories propel you forward and keep you guessing and hoping .
-LSB- An -RSB- earnest but misbegotten adaptation , which reduces a moving tour de force to a dull and homiletic house of frenetically shuffled cards .
Cloud Atlas is some kind of meteoric event , risking catastrophe at every turn and obliterating the sanctions of good taste .
Take this as a confirmation that the destiny implied by Cloud Atlas is illusory . For the first time , I watched stories by the Wachowskis and Tykwer and felt free to enjoy them .
It 's a rewarding film experience , if not an entirely satisfactory one.It 's not for the faint of heart .
Balancing an emotional drama with an Avatar-meets-The Matrix glaze , Cloud Atlas is a film worth talking about and debating as much as it is one at which to smile .
And at its best , Cloud Atlas is sprawling , inventive , ambitious , naïve , and thrilling . The momentum never lets up and sometimes that alone is all that keeps you moving through the weave of stories , but it can be enough .
We normally ca n't see dead people , but that does n't mean they 're not like threads disappearing below a tapestry 's surface and resurfacing elsewhere . A clarification of sorts .
Despite its shortcomings , it 's worth seeing and worth trying to get your head around days after you have . Revolutionary or gimmicky ? Good news : Not quite either .
This is the Bermuda Triangle of sci-fi - where logic and clarity vanish without a trace .
Even at its most risible , this oddball picture has a groovy , inclusive spirit that feels downright revolutionary in our sterile , blockbuster age .
When the narratives are formally compared as an expression of karma and reincarnation , the juxtaposition is vacuous .
This is a film that will be enjoyed most by people who have n't seen many other films .
Personally , I felt ennobled by the inspiring ideas , and captivated by the impressive performances both in front of and behind the camera .
A movie that transcends all structure for a meaning much deeper than can ever be written in clarity .
A scattershot film that courageously tries to incorporate as much of the novel as possible , only to find it does n't translate well from the page .
Like a fitted coat worn by someone it was n't tailored for , parts of Cloud Atlas bulge out , overstretched , begging for more material , while other sections hang laughably loose .
It would be an excellent advertisement for you to read the book , if you had n't just ruined it by watching the movie .
Whatever your age , even if life is an ocean made up of many drops , you may resolve that life is too short for this errant nonsense .
With Hollywood in its current conservative mode , recycling tired franchises left and right , it 's tempting to applaud the sheer out-there-ness of Cloud Atlas .
It 's an exercise in monotony ...
Cloud Atlas is a mesmerizing piece of art that experimentally pushes the medium of film to daring new heights .
It 's kind of fascinating to watch a vaunted Oscar quartet embarrass itself under the delusion that it 's communicating something IMPORTANT !
A true gem .
Despite the fact that ot sometimes looks like $ 102 million celebrity dress up party where Tom Hanks got a really good bulk deal on latex noses Cloud Atlas sometimes strikes moments of sheer beauty .
A little too unfocused at times , there 's something deeply involving about this time-spanning romantic thesis .
An epic , genre-hopping , unique adventure that effectively shoe-horns six films into one ... Cloud Atlas achieves that rarest of all things for a film this big : it is engaging and consistently entertaining as well as providing brain food .
... few films have ever been this weird , this epic and this disjointed .
It 's not often we 're given something that looks so dazzling , features such an impressive , eclectic cast , and which will leave your noggin buzzing with ideas .
For a long , sprawling , high-concept , philosophical , stylistic mash-up of a film , Cloud Atlas is impressive and thought-provoking without ever being pretentious .
A think piece linking past , present and future that 's surprisingly haunting and moving in its delivery .
Cloud Atlas is like nothing I 've ever seen before . It 's a bold cinematic treasure from a brave collaborative filmmaking collective .
Editor Alexander Berner has interwoven these narratives and by cutting back-and-forth between them at a rapid pace , created something that will hold your attention for three hours .
A compelling , uncynical , often thrilling package , the likes of which we 've never seen before , and will perhaps never see replicated . I will watch Cloud Atlas more than once .
Tykwer and the Wachowskis are aiming for greatness here . They do n't make it , and that leaves the unorthodox film open to savagery , far more than it deserves .
The finished product is no Matrix , but it 's certainly worth a look - even if you do find yourself throwing popcorn at the screen from time to time .
Large-scale mainstream moviemaking of a type that could be just as easily be celebrated or castigated as a filmmaking folly .
It has a certain grandeur , if ultimately it 's an inspiritingly ambitious folly .
Tykwer and the Wachowskis take Mitchell 's complex narrative and give it breathtaking momentum on screen . Admittedly , they lose the novel 's element of dazzling pastiche , but they bring out its qualities of rollicking adventure and cliffhanging suspense .
Brilliant or pretentious - or both ? An avalanche of ideas cascade relentlessly in this full throttle and stimulating film that is often frustrating and overlong , as it puts forward its proposition that we are all connected .
In many respects , it 's exceptional - both in concept and execution .
Mad geniuses Tom Tykwer -LRB- Perfume -RRB- and the Wachowski siblings -LRB- The Matrix -RRB- boldly take on David Mitchell 's layered epic novel , which connects six generations through the power of storytelling .
This demands your attention for its entire running time , but rewards you with a truly moving climax .
Fantasy-fiction audiences might enjoy seeing Cloud Atlas repeatedly , I suspect , picking up more clues each time .
It staggers on for almost three hours and calls into question the sanity of some of the world 's best-known actors .
A wondrous bedtime story in which you always want to know what happens next .
A bafflingly bonkers grand folly , it 's weirdness on a grand but mostly unfathomable scale .
Unfortunately , these bold ambitions come to naught . They confuse the cosmos with the costume department and wind up lost in a world of wigs and bonnets .
Three hours to solve the problems of providence , history , human existence and the conundrums of space/time is pretty good going .
Tykwer and the Wachowskis have laboured long and hard to turn Mitchell 's very literary material into something cinematic .
The perfect film for all those people whose one , undying wish in life is to swim with dolphins .
You 'll love it , you 'll hate it , you 'll be dazzled and enraged and while the story is no more profound than any other blockbuster , glittering visions will linger in the mind .
Madly ambitious and powerfully emotional , this is an impressively directed , superbly written and brilliantly edited fantasy epic with fantastic -LRB- multiple -RRB- performances across the board .
It 's one of those films that really divides opinion , but I still reckon it 's a must-see - and especially on the big screen - just because it is unlike anything else you 'll have seen at the cinema .
A film which piles on the action , the romance , the philosophical inquiry and the silly accents until the viewer is left punch-drunk and reeling . Seriously , what 's not to love ?
If you are going to baffle an audience for nearly three hours , you 'd better make sure you have a damn good pay-off . But like the last two Matrix films , this peters out into embarrassing hippy drivel about reincarnation and cosmic interconnectedness .
Some will balk at its excesses , but breathtaking action , profound emotion and a dark sense of fun make this the most ambitious , original movie event in years .
This must have sounded great at some point , but it 's really terrible to watch .
Cloud Atlas is never boring . Tykwer and the Wachowskis make a virtue of everything that is unexplained , creating genuine awe and mystery .
It 's an adventure into the very concept of storytelling : magical , enthralling and thrilling as much as bewildering , pompous and potty . In other words , up in the clouds .
Cloud Atlas is prone to sappiness and threatens to disappear up its own tail like The Matrix trilogy , but it builds to an irresistible final act celebrating the human spirit .
A grand folly that makes the Wachowskis ' The Matrix trilogy look prosaic , Cloud Atlas is a fascinating if flawed work that will leave you gasping one minute and gagging the next .
While it does n't always succeed it comes close enough for a film this ambitious .
One of the ten best films of 2012 .
Analisadas individualmente , as historinhas contadas pelos três diretores soam muitas vezes tolas e descartáveis , mas a virtude de A Viagem reside justamente em encontrar a relevância necessária ao combiná-las em uma narrativa maior .
Cloud Atlas quite marvellously weaves a half-dozen storylines into an intriguing coat of many generational colours .
It delivers a mixed message : Like the Wachowskis ' previous films -LRB- yes , even ` Speed Racer ' -RRB- , it 's about people fighting to free themselves from conspiratorial systems of control ; yet the ` uplifting ' hooey about destiny suggests we 're just pawns , after all .
A genuine one of a kind film . Courageous filmmaking that proves cinema can still provoke wonderment and reflection .
Might as well embrace the timeline where , in fact , films of this ambition are still being made , still being presented to that audience quite desperate for respite from a slew of remakes , sequels , re-imaginings and the like .
Cloud Atlas is never boring ; I checked the time at one point , saw that we had about an hour to go , and settled back , relaxed and happy to get more .
With ` Cloud Atlas ' you 'll play connect the dots , and potentially feel like a kid , remembering what it is like to be amazed at what you are seeing on the big screen .
Like Babel stretched through time , though its character connections are merely assumed .
It is hard to think of another film in recent memory in which the accumulation of so much talent has rendered so little .
Cloud Atlas , for the most part , comes off as a tedious slog through six hopelessly uninvolving storylines ...
A sprawling , visionary film that , despite its behemoth length and choppy narrative , can be appreciated for its ambition and visual splendor even as it defies explanation .
Lacking in coherence , as it tries but fails to juggle six distinct stories through different time periods that cover five centuries .
Overall though , it is a hugely ambitious and impressive undertaking , the mere attempt of which should be applauded , let alone the lengths at which the Wachowskis et Tykwer actually achieve this vision .
It 's entirely possible to enjoy Cloud Atlas solely for its spectacular visuals and grandiose play-acting .
A stunning romantic-philosophical spectacle with a spectacular cast . Sadly , an undeserving box office flop in the U.S. .
The very size of the film and its narrative ambitions have a way of keeping us just at arm 's length , as if we are meant to appreciate its vastness without getting fully lost in it .
A rare example of cinematic art .
If this is moviemaking and not filmmaking , I say let 's have more movies and less films .
If there is a fault to be found with this film , it 's that it wants to be about everything . But if it was any less than that , it would n't be this film .
But for an unnecessary insistence on reinforcing its own themes and motifs , this might have been a great film . I 'm still pleased it exists at all .
Mash-up works best if you do n't take it too seriously
An epic in bite-sized chunks
At nearly three hours long , ` Cloud Atlas ' seldom slows its pace and remains entertaining the whole way through . That in itself is a remarkable feat .
A goofy yet somewhat enjoyable film .
... like a three-hour , constantly shifting contradiction . You want to give it credit for all its dazzling imagery , but almost every actual idea it presents it eventually contradicts or leaves incomplete .
A strong attempt at doing something special succeeds only as something a little above average .
... at almost three hours this convoluted film telling six separate tales is too long and , in the end , too preachy . I felt like I should get a T-shirt that said , `` I survived Cloud Atlas . ''
The one thing that can never be said against -LSB- it -RSB- is that it lacks conviction : even the things about it ... are all victims of proud ambition , not of weak half-measures .
If there was ever a movie that truly engaged the viewer , Cloud Atlas is it .
` Atlas ' shrugged
They key to successfully absorbing the movie may be in not trying to overthink what 's on screen .
Cloud Atlas is masterful in concept but mediocre in execution . Three of the stories worked while the other three lacked the emotional depth required for a 3-hour flick !
Many will come away from this movie feeling inspired and thinking this movie is `` deeper '' than it really is . Its a self-indulgent , ambitious mess . Sometimes you have to admire the effort to dare to be different .
This wo n't come across as a knock to some , but there are times when Cloud Atlas feels like a sci-fi Love , Actually .
While the pure ambition of telling a story in such bravura , non-linear fashion is surely to be applauded , Cloud Atlas is a model of form over function that never quite comes together or compels the viewer to care .
The uneven adaptation , however , is not without its moments of brilliance , even transcendence .
It 's a bold and challenging film that leaves itself open for interpretation , and that 's a good thing .
It does n't matter if Cloud Atlas ends up being more than the sum of its parts when the parts are this good .
If the six stories were disentangled and laid out separately , it would be clear that none of them has much depth or surprise .
Guaranteed to divide audiences into love-it-or-hate-it camps , stoke heated water-cooler or Internet-board discussions , and leave fans and foes alike circling each other with the same wariness as West Side Story 's Sharks and Jets right before they rumble .
So good that it can make you forgive Speed Racer , and that is really saying something .
Visually dazzling , superbly acted , and massively ambitious . I 'm going to be obsessed with this visionary saga for a while .
`` Cloud Atlas '' is much easier to watch than it is to describe . It really is an extraordinary cinematic achievement .
It 's certainly a movie that will not appeal to everyone , but methinks the Wachowskis do n't care .
a film that should be at least respected for the ambition behind it
`` Cloud Atlas '' is a film that is destined to be as polarizing as it is intriguing . The epic scope is indeed impressive , but parts of the stories are a little dull . What I marveled at here was mainly the storytelling method and the film 's construction .
This is the kind of film requiring vigilant attention . Do not leave to get snacks . You will be ` Cloud Atlas ' lost forever . ... A complex and must see film .
You start playing Spot the Star instead of absorbing the drama ... and in the process become painfully aware of everyone 's freakish overacting .
The movie 's startling vision opens up wondrous possibilities of connectedness , of one life 's choices influencing the next .
An eminently peculiar mismatch of substance and form , like a Hallmark card written by David Foster Wallace .
You have to admire the imagination , philosophy , and courage behind Cloud Atlas , boldly going where few films dare to tread .
The result is maddening , exasperating , occasionally exhilarating -- and mostly boring .
This is n't a movie that you rent and knit while you half-pay attention . This movie requires you to work . But the work will pay off and you will be rewarded with one of the most entertaining films of the year .
Men play women . Women play men . Blacks play whites . An Asian plays a freckled Victorian . Bad accents flourish . And Hugo Weaving , whether he 's a he , she , or ridiculous hoodoo leprechaun , is always the villain .
While Cloud Atlas is visually impressive in a massive way , the stories are expertly and flawlessly woven together , and it 's a sci-fi film that 's magnificently bold and breaks boundaries , its nearly three hour duration is daunting .
The most disappointing film of the year .
With all that Cloud Atlas throws at you over the course of three relatively swift hours , something is bound to stick .
Cloud Atlas walks a crooked line between the glorious and the ridiculous , its reach unencumbered by sensible decisions or restraint .
I appreciated the effort , found the themes intriguing , and enjoyed various aspects throughout . But as an overall experience , I was n't ever emotionally touched enough to be blown away . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
Ultimately the best I can say about Cloud Atlas is that it is a beautiful mess .
`` Cloud Atlas '' is a movie that takes patience and concentration to fully appreciate .
Cloud Atlas ... is most likely to suffer by its own technological hand , as today 's CGI effects become dated relics , and with a finale that does n't so much reward audiences as it does offer them relief that their trial of patience is over .
Cloud Atlas brilliantly explores the cloudy topic of reincarnation .
A gorgeously shot package that blends the past , present , and future into diverse , lushly imagined realities that at least manage the task of feeling like they 're from a single work . If only that work actually succeeded in fulfilling its lofty aspirations .
Do you remember The Matrix ? So does everyone who invested in any movie directed since by the Wachowskis . They have proven to be suckers through two lousy sequels , Speed Racer and now Cloud Atlas , the most incoherent waste of time and money this year .
Destined to divide critics and play to empty Cineplexes , Cloud Atlas is a marvel .
The Wachowski 's along with Tykwer paint with millions of colors on an ever-expanding canvas . It is remarkable that they are able to pull it all together as well as they do .
A gloriously entertaining mainstream cinematic mosaic in multiple genres . Parallel cross-cutting across time and amazing montage sequences allow the viewer to come to its own conclusion about the film 's ultimate meaning .
They adapted the story for the medium instead of the medium for the story , and it 's a beautiful thing to see .
For all the spectacular settings and visionary designs , Cloud Atlas left me feeling disconnected
Both the film 's greatest strength -- as well as , ultimately , one of its weaknesses -- is that it 's a true act of interpretation , not simply recitation .
For a movie so jammed full of stuff-nearly three hours ' worth of it-Cloud Atlas feels oddly empty .
A three-hour grind playing connect the dots . All the while , you 'll be waiting for the other shoe to drop , where everyone realizes that they are actually just beta testing various programs in the Matrix .
The filmmakers show amazing ability to keep you paying attention for three hours to absolutely nothing .
Felicitous moments ca n't break through the dark nebula of self-importance around Cloud Atlas ...
Sumptuous visuals and audacious acting , but the quasi-profound message of cosmic connectedness is n't worth all the trouble .
Exciting , exhausting and energizing , a brazen film that leaves somber cinema seeming too passive for its own good . This is a movie as big as life itself .
`` Cloud Atlas '' deserves praise if only for not being the baggy , pretentious disaster it could have been in other hands .
An endlessly frustrating effort from filmmakers trying too hard to make you see their vision as a masterpiece instead of simply making one .
In a sense , then , Cloud Atlas is n't just commenting on life , but perhaps even more so on cinema itself as a whole , much as Holy Motors did by having its central player embody multiple roles in different genres of real life .
Cloud Atlas is a staggering masterpiece , a positively inspired piece of filmmaking that blows the lid off cinematic convention and uses unparalleled artistry to tell a story that encompasses the whole of human experience
A staggering , symphonic watermark in cinema .
I applaud Andy and Lana Wachowski and Tom Tykwer not just for their ambition in adapting and directing David Mitchell 's sprawling novel , but for their realization , imperfect though it may be .
We should be able to come away from this film -- purporting to examine the meaning of our destinies -- with some sense of majesty , of message , of wonder . Yet with all the smoke and mirrors and prosthetics ... we do not .
Enormously ambitious in scope , bizarrely experimental in execution , and equal parts straightforward and confounding in its ideas .
Unlike anything you 've ever seen and probably ever will see again ... -LSB- but -RSB- it 's also bloated and incredibly self-indulgent .
Some will be enchanted by the grand scope of the story-telling and the intricate details . . Others will be distracted by the prosthetics , wigs , and make-up .
The Cloud Atlas is something of a glorious folly that is sometimes appealing , sometimes unfathomable but always handsomely mounted .
The result is a lot of sound and fury signifying a sentiment that could be printed on a fortune cookie .
This is not a movie , it is a manifesto . A gonzo , breathtaking , and deeply humane celebration of the underserved , the undervalued , and the oppressed .
he best thing about Cloud Atlas is that it could , and should , turn into a properly divisive film ... but one has to ask : does it allow for immersion ? Even as we applaud the dramatic machinery , are we being kept emotionally at bay ?
It will aid your experience of the swirling , sweeping dramatic adventure Cloud Atlas , if you embrace the idea of being a little bit lost .
Basically a three-hour montage , Cloud Atlas neutralizes involvement in its dovetailing dramas by treating every character as a point in some quasi-spiritual game of connect-the-dots .
Enormous in length and scope , a film whose purpose does n't even begin to come into focus until two hours in .
The cumulative effect is one of spectacle over substance .
Within an innovative structure that toys with genre , the individual plots are mere sketches , each worthy of its own full-length script .
It 's a polarizing , ambitious , sometimes beautiful and occasionally maddening epic .
Galumphing and heavy-handed , its rare flights of lyricism stranded between long stretches of outright risibility .
It 's funny , violent and prodigiously romantic ; it has immense heart and more gorgeous cinematic moments than I can describe .
Watching it feels like eating a whole bowl of fortune cookies . all bearing the same message . You wind up feeling overstuffed and undernourished .
Talk about your bad karma ! Oh , lord . `` Cloud Atlas '' is probably the worst big-budget film so far in 2012 .
It plays like a gargantuan trailer for a movie still to be made -LRB- one that , given the same ratio , would be 86 hours long -RRB- .
Finally , what sinks `` Cloud Atlas '' is not the largeness of its ambitions but the lack of skill it displays in terms of writing , directing and acting .
Did you hear the one about the Zen master who walks up to a hot dog cart , scans the menu , and asks the vendor to `` make me one with everything '' ?
`` Cloud Atlas '' offers more answers than it does questions , and by the end of its nearly three-hour running time - which flies by surprisingly fast , all things considered - it feels like the most feverishly expensive late-night college bull session ever .
Cloud Atlas is now a film , for better or worse . Mostly worse I 'd say , but give these folks credit ...
The filmmakers have essentially deconstructed the book to find its connective tissue , then reassembled it using flashforwards and flashbacks to bang us over the head with the novelist 's parallels and points ...
While it 's admirable in its ambition , it 's haphazard in its execution , resulting in a clouded Atlas that 's quite literally all over the map .
Too much of what unspools in this epic experience is technically remarkable and thematically engaging to dismiss the film entirely but it 's an undeniable disappointment in comparison to the work that inspired it .
Emotionally barren eye candy .
An impressive movie saluting the human propensity for telling stories as good medicine .
These are the right three directors . The novel 's intonations of mysticism and a sci-fi savior are exactly in step with the Wachowski 's `` Matrix '' themes ...
Cloud Atlas creates awe about worlds seen and unseen , frequently bypassing the brain on the way to the heart and soul .
Take a collection of stories , connect them through portentous themes and watch it all spin . We 've seen it before - Babel , anyone ? - but nothing is quite like the daft , brazenly ambitious cosmic fantasia ofCloud Atlas .
Three directors , plus six story lines , times five centuries equals one grandly conceived , impressively mounted megaflop .
It is n't as complicated as it thinks .
It has laser gun fights , forbidden love , and a rollicking group breakout from a fascistic old folks ' home . What more could anyone want ?
For all its strengths , the film is cursed by an ADD-style structure and a flashy but inevitably ineffective casting stunt .
`` Cloud Atlas '' is superior filmmaking . Yes , it runs almost three hours - but you 've probably seen 90-minute films that felt a lot longer .
Has a lot going for it - some amazing visuals , a handful of truly touching moments , and impressive versatility from the actors . But ultimately , just way too much of it does n't work .
The split narrative allows filmmakers to jump to another storyline if one starts to languish . It 's like a `` Monty Python '' episode : Do n't know how to finish a sketch ? Cut to something completely different .
Cloud Atlas is like seeing the unveiling of a spectacular modernist building which may not appeal esthetically , but which represents accomplishment on a magnitude that ca n't be denied .
The Wachowskis and Tykwer are determined to make you understand eternity , and in that and only that , they succeed : by the time you get to the film 's endless series of endings , you 'll feel as if you 've lived lifetimes .
A movie of big ideas , and only some of them are terrible .
It 's a brave directorial endeavor from Tykwer and the Wachowskis . That they could piece together a coherent picture is a testament to their skill , while the sheer scale of the effort celebrates their endearingly daredevil appetites .
One man 's ambitious , iconoclastic , like-nothing-ever-before-seen passion project is another man 's Battlefield Earth .
`` Cloud Atlas '' should not work . But it does . Lana Wachowski , Andy Wachowski and Tom Tykwer have wrangled David Mitchell 's beast of a story and delivered a haunting , full-bodied tour de force , and a completely unprecedented movie experience
Flashes of storytelling brilliance break through a philosophic murk with feeble irregularity .
This remarkable adaptation of the supposedly `` unfilmable '' novel by David Mitchell achieves near-perfection on virtually all levels .
A sprawling , non-sequential time poem , a vivid dream about the link between history and destiny , in which the past and future are now .
An incomprehensible mess , held together only by the elaborate stunt of having the same actors play wildly divergent roles in each story .
There are moments when it works wonderfully , but too many where it feels overlong and ponderous .
A complex mishmash of ` The Matrix ' meets ` Apocalypto ' meets ` Amistad ' - with a touch of ` Inception ' and ` Oprah 's Lifeclass . '
Even its detractors - and this is a movie that 's easy to take potshots at - will have to admit that Cloud Atlas is more fluid than it has any right to be .
... a movie that will reward repeated viewings , -LSB- with -RSB- connections and layers of meaning waiting to be discovered .
As a person who sees a lot of movies , I found much of `` Cloud Atlas '' thrilling .
If the talented Wachowskis are ever going to achieve true artistic nirvana , they 're going to have to be more disciplined with their grand ideas , more ruthless in their rewrites .
The brilliant way the trio of directors have pieced all these elements into a delightful whole is a cinematic magic trick that keeps on giving for 163 minutes .
The new age spiritualism behind the story is flogged for too long and ultimately is n't that rewarding . However , the audacity of Cloud Atlas makes it a must see for any real fan of cinema .
It 's kind of astonishing that for all its ambition and accomplishment , and for the ostensibly subversive philosophy it pushes , `` Cloud Atlas '' ends up being just another platitudinous overblown pummel-you-into-submission movie-machine .
As faithful to David Mitchell 's novel as any $ 100 million enterprise could be , it 's the most daring , thrilling , satisfying , swiftly churning engine of big screen adventure to come along in some time .
Hokum of monumental proportions is still hokum .
The movie does n't really work , but it 's fascinating in the ways it does n't .
It 's an imperfect film of great daring and tremendous humanity , a work of many stories , but a singular achievement .
This is by no means the best movie of the year , but it may be the most movie you can get for the price of a single ticket .
Surely this is one of the most ambitious films ever made .
If you 're interested in the sheer craft of filmmaking , Cloud Atlas is required viewing - a rare example of a movie getting by entirely on technique and creative bravado .
Ah so .
There 's so much flash and grandeur in Cloud Atlas that it 's difficult at first to see how little substance is behind it .
For true-true , we wo n't bother trying to explain the plot , but some of these stories are more musical , some religious , and others just about survival , but there 's threads that weave their way into all of them . The peformances are good ... I think .
I was confused because I did n't know which story linked to which . Maybe I 'm the dummy , but it felt like a mess . A sloppy soup that was good at first but became way too much to handle .
Cloud Atlas is a cornily enthralling sci-fi kaleidoscope .
It 's a puzzle I enjoyed piecing together , but when each tale came to a close and built up to what was intended to be a soaring , emotional climax , I felt no flutter in the chest or tingle up my spine .
For a movie about big ideas , this occasionally entertaining fantasy sure gets bogged down in the small stuff .
An achievement on a number of levels , but when the most exciting part is a post-movie montage revealing who played who , it 's tough not to label it an exhausting experimental gimmick .
A trash heap of rubber noses and implausible high school accents that give new meaning to the word `` pretentious . ''
`` Cloud Atlas '' is a film where the creators ' admirable reach exceeds their grasp . You may be getting six films for the cost of one , but it may not really be worth the price .
The Wachowskis ' monumentally ambitious sci-fi time-hopper demands a superhuman level of dedication and patience but the payoff is n't worth the labor required to endure its nearly three-hour runtime .
There is a great deal of humbug about art and love in Cloud Atlas , but it is decidedly unlovable , and if you want to learn something about feeling , you 're at the wrong movie .
A bloated , pseudo-intellectual , self-indulgent slog through some notions that are really rather facile .
These disparate tales have been listlessly smashed together in the hopes that something substantial will emerge .
Cloud Atlas is consistently entertaining and surprisingly effective , as well as the shortest three hours most moviegoers will ever spend in a theatre ... and that 's no small recommendation .
The magnificence of the imagery and palette of wonderment here should go undisputed . But excess in order to make the history books becomes a diminishing return . While I equivocate over my rating , I also commend it to be seen -- if you 've got the fortitude .
The film is elephantine and pretentious without being in the least bit significant .
The cast comes off like a third-rate stock company on the matinee after the night on which everyone got bombed on mescal -LRB- and possibly mescaline -RRB- .
Gorgeous and glorious , this unconventional , epic fantasy is a visceral and visual feast .
It blends strong storytelling with mind-tickling plots and characters who achieve a meteor shower of transcendent moments .
It 's bonkers how far across time and across the planet this insanely grand matrix of interconnected tales ranges ... I love this movie . It 's every movie . It 's the ultimate movie .
`` Cloud Atlas '' wants to be more than it is . For a movie pitched as a Meta-Meta exploration linking the ancient past to the recent past to the faraway future , it nosedives before getting out of the gate .
A cleverly-concealed , centuries-spanning headscratcher constructed with fans of the original sextet of stories in mind .
Lavish , ambitious , and pretentious , this sharply uneven mental-physical trip displays all the strengths and weaknesses of its filmmakers , the Wachowskis -LRB- Matrix -RRB- and Twyker -LRB- Run Lola Run , Heaven -RRB- .
Its ideas are paralleled , its themes twinned , sometimes breathlessly , sometimes fatuously , into what may be described as a 164-minute pop song of seemingly infinite verses , choruses , and bridges . Perhaps expectedly , it soars as often as it thuds .
What was ornate on the page becomes doggerel in translation .
A jaw-droppingly ambitious effort ; a lavish , mental , messy and moving event-film-cum-tone-poem that rewards patient , open-minded viewers .
Rapturously grand in scope and ambition , if not emotional effect .
Hopefully we will be able to outlive the debate of its existence between those who feel it to be a bloated mess and others like me who view it as potentially a very important and lasting piece of work .
Complaining that the denouement does n't live up to the enormity of Cloud Atlas scope is sort of like dismissing a gymnast 's entire balance beam routine because she did n't stick a particularly tricky dismount .
The picture is n't perfect , but its flaws come not only at the attempt to grandly succeed , but by breaking ground in rarely visited territories .
It is stained glass cinema : shards of disparate splendour made breathtakingly whole .
The grand spectacle that is Cloud Atlas is one of the most entertaining blockbusters that actually has meaning behind it .
The single most ambitious film since Avatar is stunningly beautiful to look at , but an absolute pain to analyze and admire .
The feeling persists that Tykwer and the Wachowskis made the picture to prove they could .
While it 's easy to admire the film 's massive scope - and the adroit method in which the film is presented - it 's hard not to notice that , for all its big ideas , the film 's more intimate and small than you might expect .
This big , ambitious , gorgeous , glorious film demands that its audience walk in as open-hearted as it is .
An intense three-hour mental workout rewarded with a big emotional payoff .
Ambitious and divisive , as art should be .
CLOUD ATLAS left me with an incredible sense of hope for the future of cinema . And the future of humanity . How many movies give you that ?
It is so full of passion and heart and empathy that it feels completely unlike any other modern film in its range either measured through scope of budget or sweep of action .
The stories and the scope are tremendous , and it takes an extremely talented cast , guided by extremely talented writer-directors , to pull off such a feat .
It really is good enough to warrant taking the risk , just so that it can exist for however few or many people end up appreciating it .
A dizzily generous ride , scored with real grandeur , and even its silliest elements are guilty pleasures .
As much a curiosity as it is a boldly brilliant adaptation that captures the best moments of Mitchell 's novel while improving upon the structure and enhancing the main themes .
... a unique and beautiful work of film art that dares to dream big in a way we rarely see from either studios or independent sources .
At 163 minutes Cloud Atlas carries all the marks of a giant folly , and those unfamiliar with the book will be baffled .
Everything gets homogenized into a blandish whole , the impact of each story softened by the constant need to connect the dots .
Tom Tykwer and Andy and Lana Wachowski wanted to make a movie unlike any other , and they certainly did : Cloud Atlas is a unique and totally unparalleled disaster .
` Cloud Atlas ' is like the entire ` Matrix ' trilogy in micro . It starts out absolutely brilliantly , then segues into a pretentious slog .
A stunner of an opus that is n't just admirable but thought-provoking and moving , Cloud Atlas is the Wachowskis ' most personal film to date .
Every story , character , and scene in Cloud Atlas commits to a style . That diversity keeps the swirling maelstrom of a movie in check .


@highlight

Its sprawling , ambitious blend of thought-provoking narrative and eye-catching visuals will prove too unwieldy for some , but the sheer size and scope of Cloud Atlas are all but impossible to ignore .