As an historical reenactment it suffers from a great deal of simplification in order to make complex events quickly and easily understandable , and as a drama it suffers from a great deal of build that never really pays on it 's promise .
While the performances keep the film afloat , Kapur 's over indulgent direction and his inadequate interpretation of history comes dangerously close to running it aground .
Calamitous
odaje sve nedostatke i ograni % u010Denja olovnih vremena u kojima je nastao
Every shot , every costume is decadent with color , and every single twitch of Blanchett 's face is imbued with meaning as she negotiates her way through her warring roles of being a woman and being a queen .
But saddled with this dopey script , -LSB- Blanchett -RSB- is stuck pulling a series of poses and wearing one ornate gown after another .
Blanchett is again director Shekhar Kapur 's greatest asset . His weakness is his tendency to fall back on silly , melodramatic contrivance better suited to popcorn fare than to a believable meditation on Elizabethan England .
Betrayal , war , love triangles and most importantly , Cate Blanchett proves to be able to capture strength , anger and sadness better ...
This is an epic , to be sure , but it is also a melodrama , a soap opera of titanic scale and bluster .
A pedigreed romance , an excuse for Blanchett to bind herself in satin and channel Kate Hepburn .
Figurinos , direção de arte e fotografia são exuberantes , mas fica até difícil apreciar a performance de Cate Blanchett em meio a um roteiro tão estúpido e à direção `` olhem-pra-mim-sou-Cecil-B . - DeMille ! '' de Shekhar Kapur .
A sequel , a costume fantasy , a romantic melodrama , a CGI war spectacular , a puzzling celebration of beauty over substance .
Menos interesante y más rutinaria que la primera Elizabeth -LRB- de 1998 -RRB- , esta segunda parte vale la pena más que nada por otra brillante composición de Cate Blanchett .
a muddle that subsumes -LSB- its -RSB- premise in a mighty attempt to be several things all at once , with an uneven delivery
... fearsome and passionate with its visual flair , but incredibly confused as to how it wants to address Elizabeth 's life beyond what has already been realized .
`` Elizabeth : The Golden Age '' is a worthy sequel to `` Elizabeth '' . Cate Blanchett delivers the same performance that earned her so much praise the first time around . The epic feel harkens back to Hollywood 's Golden Age .
Blanchett and the film powerfully embody the range of Elizabeth 's mind and the force of her intellect , along with the necessary balance between moral scruple and realpolitik .
The elaborate costumes and set decoration provide the only interest .
It may have been a gamble for director Shekhar Kapur to pick up the threads of his acclaimed film Elizabeth from nine years earlier but the result is overtly satisfying
Unreliable as history and misguided as a contemporary allegory , Golden Age finally fails because it is a half-hearted spectacle , not even filmed in a widescreen format .
Cate Blanchett 's workaholic Queen Liz too busy for boy toys , in this royal runway strut more about fashion statements than political statements .
Shekhar Kapur 's Elizabeth sequel is a beautifully shot , impeccably designed and largely entertaining drama , providing you 're not a stickler for historical accuracy .
If this is a film that irritates nearly as much as it pleases , we do get a sense of the times , and of the lady in question . The eyes , if not the brain , are certainly given a workout that they will remember .
See it anyway for Blanchett 's soulful modulation between queenly command and womanly anguish .
The pity of this botched follow-up is that it never once touches us .
For all the shortcomings of its clunky , stubbornly anachronistic dialogue , the first instalment of the Elizabeth saga packed a real punch .
Where Kapur 's first Elizabeth was cool , cerebral , fascinatingly concerned with complex plotting , the new movie is pitched at the level of a Jean Plaidy romantic novel .
Rich in colour , sumptuous costumes , political intrigues and the personal relationships which dominate Elizabeth once more .
Kapur 's film is visually arresting , each frame a work of art in miniature . But there is something rather breathless about the storytelling .
Despite all that 's going for it , you ca n't help thinking this movie could have been so much better .
A handsome but shallow sequel .
The film is just about worth seeing for the wigs and costumes . But Elizabeth : The Golden Age sank without trace in American cinemas , and I fear it will do the same here .
A lesser movie compared to its 1998 predecessor , this sequel nonetheless delivers the sort of stirring drama and sweeping spectacle its subject demands . Blanchett , meanwhile , shines brightly enough in the title role to make Elizabeth III a certainty .
Making soap of statecraft , the film has plenty of juicy moments , but offers an inconsistent rather than complex view of Elizabeth .
Sidelines Sir Francis Drake in favour of the dashing Raleigh , nicely summing up the film : all flash , very little bang .
Over-indulgent and melodramatic , as is the nature of artistic mythmaking , The Golden Age will beguile and repel in equal measure . The performances are supreme , although some viewers may struggle to reconcile the director 's epic intentions .
Even though the script plays fast and loose with historical facts , that indomitable bulldog spirit rings true and holds you captive for the duration .
It 's flawed and it does feel longer because the big finale is less like a battle and more like an on-screen version of battleship , but Cate and Clive are still worth a look .
Want to know what a gifted actress Cate Blanchett is ? Watch her keep a straight face throughout Elizabeth : The Golden Age .
The film is beautifully shot , filling the screen with brightly saturated hues that give it an almost fairy tale-like visual sense , rather like a series of Pre-Raphaelite paintings brought to life .
okay , but more silver than gold this time out .
F. Scott Fitzgerald once remarked that there are no second acts in American lives . If only the same could be said about Shekhar Kapur 's 1998 Elizabeth .
The script is the flowery prose of an overly earnest high school student .
An Elizabethan-era version of the madcap energy , penny-novel intrigue and intentional historical inaccuracies of Baz Luhrman 's Moulin Rouge ! .
The movie contains the usual palace intrigue and overblown dialogue . The only line missing is the one referring to Elizabeth as a `` king in petticoats . ''
Golden Age starts well , and with sharp wit and crisp dialogue . But as the story moves toward the tentative romance with Raleigh , the film drifts into melodrama ...
Bigger and more exciting than its intimate predecessor .
Breasts heave and the sea storms as historical music swells in Shekhar Kapur 's overwrought follow-up to Elizabeth .
There are movies that are so bad they 're good , and then there are movies that are so bad they 're completely awesome .
Cate the Great once again imbues the Queen with her captivating mix of steely strength , regal dignity , take-no-crap toughness , and intimate vulnerability .
Raleigh embodies England 's drive to explore , to conquer , to make commerce % u2014to `` build , '' as he puts it .
This is romantic fantasy , not history , and much of the time you fully expect Kapur , here making his third post-Bollywood feature , to turn his cast loose in song and dance .
This sequel to 1998 's Elizabeth ... shares the faults and virtues of its predecessor .
Spectacle , costumes , wigs and an inaccurate history lesson rules the day .
Makes court intrigue about as exciting as jury duty .
Sometimes , history does n't have to repeat itself .
Shekhar Kapur 's Elizabeth : The Golden Age , from a screenplay by William Nicholson and Michael Hirst , turned out to be more rousingly entertaining than many of its less-than-lukewarm reviews had led me to anticipate .
Fie on those who have trashed this entertainingly overheated historical conceit !
... gaudy , anachronistic cheese that 's hard to swallow even as camp fun , let alone as serious history gussied up as entertainment .
Elizabeth : Full Throttle . Elizabeth : The Heretic . Elizabeth : Book of Shadows . Despite all the peacock kerfluffery Kapur can conjure , this remains an inscrutable film , in intent as well as execution .
I can almost recommend this film as a great-looking , bombastic guilty pleasure . But the soundtrack is unbearable , the soap opera love triangle -- laughable .
If you like your history lessons loud and garish , bombastic and bloody , then Elizabeth : The Golden Age is for you .
Taken in the proper spirit ... pleasant enough
It 's hard to enjoy all that naval carnage when the people on the ships are just as wooden as the planks .
Elizabeth I : II : Liz Harder is an enjoyable sequel which does not this time require you to have done your homework .
Kapur also demonstrates he has no knack for shooting fight scenes , meaning the boffo climax looks less like epic warfare and more like Shark Attack 3 .
A failure on most any appreciable level : as compelling drama , as a history lesson , as a showcase for Blanchett 's unparalleled talents ... even as a sequel .
Sexual politics dominate The Golden Age , rendering the middle-aged Elizabeth more love sick adolescent than conquering warrior in this borderline bodice ripper .
An epic bio-pic has been turned into a Lifetime movie .
The main difference between the first film and its new sequel is this : In `` Elizabeth , '' Cate Blanchett emerged as one staunch , formidable queen . In `` Elizabeth : The Golden Age , '' she 's been reduced to a drag queen .
Blanchett -LSB- does -RSB- her level best to keep control of a movie going in 10 directions at once .
God save Cate Blanchett . Without her performance , this second history lesson on Elizabeth I 's reign would be a little dry .
Too long , too ponderous , too noisy .
More pageant drama than historical speculation .
Elizabeth is the coolest British monarch ever . She 's totally bad *** .
an overblown costumer drama that is desperately clutching at the Oscar statuett
It will most likely be admired by those who actually already reached their OWN ` golden age ' .
Despite its title , Shekhar Kapur 's new film resembles tarnished copper .
Bogus history can make a crackling good adventure yarn , and Kapur piles on the treachery and romance .
From its extravagant costumes to its pompous score , The Golden Age is packed with distractions . But the biggest of all is the story itself , which works so mightily to tarnish the queen at its core .
Expect a fast-paced , beautifully mounted and well-acted soap opera with overripe dialogue that plays fast and loose with history -- just like they did in the '30s , '40s and '50s -- and you wo n't come away disappointed .
Even the chance to see Cate Blanchett strut and fret upon the stage , shooting haughty glances left and right , is n't enough reason to tour this rambling Tudor mansion , full of overstuffed bedrooms and empty suits of armor .
The events beg for Shakespearean gravity , but the only tragedy here is that so little could be made of so much .
The sets and costumes are elaborate Oscar bait , though the excess of candles sometimes makes things resemble an old Police video .
For a narrative that 's positively overflowing with dramatic intrigue , Elizabeth : The Golden Age is only fitfully compelling .
The danger in making a costume drama is that all of it will be as lifeless as wax figures . Kapur escapes this fate by relying on sex and a luminous star capable of being at once regal and alluring .
Every time the camera finally settles on Blanchett 's regal cheekbones , it 's a relief .
What compelled Kapur to film half the movie through scrims , curtains , screens and arches ? How can you appreciate human drama when you 're constantly being distracted by the 16th-century equivalent of Architectural Digest ?
The only thing connecting one Golden Age scene to the next is a choir of sopranos so insistent and shrill that you 'll wish Elizabeth would behead them instead .
Elizabeth : The Golden Age places its gilded head upon the chopping block right from the opening salvo , replacing its predecessor 's cunning with bombast .
History gets short shrift from screenwriters William Nicholson and Michael Hirst -- starting with the not insignificant fact that in 1585 Elizabeth was 52 years old -- but Kapur is clearly more interested in spectacle and soap opera than dusty old facts .
The movie looks beautiful , enhanced by intriguing camerawork and sumptuous production design . But the music is overbearing , perhaps to compensate for the pedestrian script and dull history lesson .
When you see Cate Blanchett in one fantastical gown after another , you understand why Elizabeth 's reign was golden .
Elizabeth 's appeal is that she was womanly and feminine while deftly executing matters of state in a time when men ruled most of the world .
Elizabeth : The Golden Age is a Rolls-Royce , car-crash of a movie -- classy , beautifully made and ultimately crushed beneath its own pretentiousness .
What Elizabeth : The Golden Age finally lacks is something its subject never lacked : a sense of majesty .
The Golden Age feels like two movies : one a bodice-ripping romance , the other a study in statecraft and power . But these strands , one private , one public , come together in the title character and the balancing act she must master .
It dances through history , making us feel as though such spectacles as the defeat of the Spanish Armada took place in the course of an afternoon , and that what really mattered was what everyone was wearing at the time .
It is a silly film about serious matters , challenged by a multiple-personality disorder -- multiple multiple-personality disorders , in fact -- but more or less saved from pure nonsense by Blanchett .
There are scenes where the costumes are so sumptuous , the sets so vast , the music so insistent , that we lose sight of the humans behind the dazzle of the production .
Those of us who looked forward to this second installment of a planned trilogy may now dread the third .
Where 's the political sophistication that made the first movie slightly more interesting ? That was a decent game of chess . The Golden Age is checkers .
Nothing more than a splashy , eclectic pageant complete with barge rides , banquets , indoor forests of wigs , medieval dancers that look like modern mimes and dialogue that makes you wish everyone would shut up .
Despite good performances all around , particularly the ever-brilliant Blanchett , Elizabeth : The Golden Age is a gilded ornament , speculative and uninterested in much besides this queen 's matters of heart .
Elizabeth : The Golden Age is a kitsch extravaganza aquiver with trembling bosoms , booming guns and wild energy .
A sequel in which the Virgin Queen struggles to hold on to power in a time of great religious violence and personal challenges .
As insistent on its emotional grandiosity as it is completely meaningless .
Nobody has -LSB- Blanchett 's -RSB- back this time , as Kapur 's leaden pacing and the script 's soap-opera touches undercut Elizabeth 's glory .
To call this disappointing would be a massive understatement .
The Golden Age recycles much of the same basic material without offering any real insight into the woman or the times in which she lived
Imagine The Sopranos made by NBC . Imagine Braveheart brought to you by The History Channel . Imagine Disney 's South Park . That 's what a PG-13 Elizabeth is like .
... a feast for the eyes and a portrait of a leader who has to rely as much on herself as anyone else when her nation is under attack .
Through the miracle of modern technology , the film achieves alchemy in reverse , turning historical gold into contemporary lead .
A lurid sort of Christopher Hitchens vision of history pervades Elizabeth : The Golden Age ... How is it possible that this orgy of anti-Catholicism has been all but ignored by critics ?
Playing fast and loose with the facts , and generating little big picture meaning , Elizabeth : The Golden Age , stands as a series of individual court intrigues that fail to add up to any great epiphany .
Golden Age rides off the rails , taking the legend of Elizabeth to the next level of mythology . Frankly , the acceleration is bliss .
It is such a botch that it is difficult to believe that any of those involved with its production actually saw the original `` Elizabeth , '' let alone helped make it .
Reasonably entertaining show of flourishes , colors , strong emotions , some intrigue , and heightened moments of drama ... around a weak center .
Just f ******* retarded .
Every so often Kapur shoots from behind a huge stone column or pillar ; most of these pillars exhibit more personality than the movie .
Elizabeth : The Golden Age gives new meaning to `` costume drama '' in that it is a drama primarily about costumes . But the drama is about as subtle as a sledgehammer to the temple .
the most ornate episode of Saved by the Bell you 'll ever see .
The Golden Age is frustrating because Kapur does seem to have a taste for nutball pageantry -- he just wo n't let himself go all the way with it .
Through it all , whether in muslin nightie , damask gown or silvery armor , Blanchett commands the screen as she commands the royal navy . Her unforced majesty makes a so-so film worth watching .
Elizabeth : The Golden Age is less a chronicle of counter-Reformation hijinks than a 16th-century episode of The Hills .
... the intrigue that made the original Elizabeth so gripping is simply an awkward complication here , emphasis on the awkward .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Kapur is like an American Idol contestant who mistakes a song for its high and low extremes .
Simply takes a chunk out of Elizabeth 's life and says , ` Here 's what happened during these years , ' without bothering to shape it into a story .
Despite the ravishing Abbie Cornish , this is terminally melodramatic . The superficial treatment of the defeat of the Spanish Armada is deplorable .
Cate Blanchett returns to the role that made her a star , and though this sequel to Elizabeth -LRB- 1998 -RRB- is less defensible as history , as florid costume drama it 's just as entertaining .
Elizabeth achieved its power by focusing on the central idea of how a callow princess became a great queen . In trying to re-create the formula , the sequel merely grasps about for a reason to be , and that makes for dull watching , indeed .
Emphasises the costumes , hair and sets over historical accuracy and depth of character . But it 's still hugely entertaining .
as elaborate , silly and attention seeking as one of Elizabeth 's feathery headdresses .
A distinct letdown from the 1998 predecessor that helped make Blanchett a star .
-LSB- Blanchett 's -RSB- so perfect in the part that you almost do n't mind the abrupt ending .
Like a bad second season of a breakout TV show , the original was laudable but the sequel 's simply laughable .
We are left choking in the billows and folds of Queen Elizabeth I 's fabulous finery without a single insight into the woman among them , let alone the most celebrated period in English history .
Silence would be a blessing to Elizabeth : The Golden Age , which substitutes symphonic din in place of drama .
Torture ! Intrigue ! Sex ! Treachery ! Holy war ! Cate Blanchett in royal drag ! Clive Owen in pirate drag ! We are highly amused .
Stilted and juvenile , more Classics Illustrated than classic ... the dialogue is pocked with banalities and howlers .
With dark eyes peering from behind white face paint and headdresses swirling above her like forces of nature , Elizabeth is less a human monarch than a mythical goddess .
The work of a director who is intoxicated with the power of cinema .
With respect to costumes and set design , this is a sumptuous affair . The script is less even , as is the pacing .
Despite its lofty aspirations and late 16th century setting , this one belongs right up there with Showgirls in the high-camp section of your local video store .
Too bad Kapur 's new , glittering sequel shows up feeling prematurely old , square , and cautious .
A completely useless , over-enunciated film -- an instant antique .
The filmmakers must 've noticed what a hit that first film was among teenage girls , and thus for the sequel instructed Blanchett to play the 52-year-old monarch as if auditioning for High School Musical 3 .
Highbrow camp masquerading as a history lesson soapier than any bottle of detergent .
Cate Blanchett can do anything , even play Bob Dylan , but she ca n't save this creaky sequel to her star-making 1998 biopic of Elizabeth I.
Elizabeth : The Golden Age is an unholy mixture of the banal and the bombastic .
Here , the Golden Age is converted to pewter .
It 's a full-scale star performance in every sense ... and I would n't be surprised if , like Helen Mirren last year , Blanchett walks away with an Elizabethan Oscar .
The way Elizabeth : The Golden Age tells it , the Spanish Armada 's defeat by the British Empire was the orgasm The Virgin Queen never had .
A historical costume drama - with far more emphasis on the ` costume ' than the ` drama . ' And there 's no excuse for such a deafening score !
Bombastic music and lavish costumes can not disguise the film 's coming across as a ho-hum high-school lesson in historical fiction .
Elizabeth : The Golden Age squanders its chance to paint history in the fascinating strokes of gray that make for the best cinematic epics .
They wrote themselves into a corner from the git go by making the central relationship one that could n't be consummated .
All in all , it 's a grand package of hearty acting , design and action with the only caveat being that unlike the first film this Elizabeth can no longer surprise us with its modern twists .
Impeccably shot and acted , but essentially a great-looking cliche-filled period film that carries very little weight or emotional impact .
Kitsch and hysteria masquerading as art and drama : Dominated by bravura , Oscar-caliber turn from Cate Blanchett , this pageantry-fashion parade of a sequel about the queen 's middle years , is way below the first film .
Period films , even sequels , are limited by budget , and Kapur does a marvellous job with the money he has .
Overall , pic takes a small-minded view of history and , in its rush to proceed from one tumultuous event to the next , lacks any sense of occasion relative to the significant pageant it attempts to depict .
An extended game of 16th-century Barbie .




@highlight

This sequel is full of lavish costumes and elaborate sets , but lacks the heart and creativity of the original Elizabeth