Twee mockumentary bestills love-seeking hipster hearts .
Paper Heart does n't unearth the meaning of ` love ' -LRB- spoiler alert ? -RRB- but it at least shows us how real human beings deal with all those confusing emotions that might equal something close to it .
Ultimately , one doubts that even the parts that seemed real are real , and the entire house-of-cards comes tumbling down .
Determining the exact level of artifice never stops being distracting , and the emotional climax is far from earned .
There are so many things about the film that could have been annoying -LRB- ... -RRB- but the story is so refreshing and honest that it would be almost impossible to find anything annoying here .
Yi 's worldview is best represented by a song she writes for Cera , a Weezer-esque bit of nerd rock called You Smell Like Christmas . At first the song is irritating , but it sticks in your head and just like Paper Heart , the song is annoyingly hummable .
It 's not the worst cutesy , lo-fi love story you 'll ever see , but it 's shown up by all those genuine true-life tales . Alongside them , its falseness is too glaring .
An extremely irritating , narcissistic picture .
The segments featuring real people are genuinely affecting , but the realisation that everything else is probably being acted - that truth may be polluted by hoax - gives this otherwise lightweight film a sly , subversive edge .
Whimsical , solipsistic and self-indulgent , Paper Heart represents everything that is wrong with American independent cinema .
A world-beatingly annoying and pointless `` docu-romcom '' .
The movie 's winsome artificiality may drive you bananas .
Like Yi herself , the film may seem at times rather naïve in its outlook , but it 's also honest and entertaining .
Where Paper Heart does shine , however , is in the reflections of the general public and few will fail to be moved by their truly inspiring and heartwarming stories of true love .
Yi is a unique tour guide , her deadpan demeanour , embarrassed giggle and horn-rimmed specs generating non-starry appeal .
An over-arching smugness blights this comic investigation into true love .
Some viewers have found this film adorable but its quirky cuteness was lost on me .
Either you will find this cheaply made American independent docudrama charming or faintly irritating .
The film becomes more bewitching the more it loses direction . Yi stops questioning strangers and starts questioning herself . She also interrogates the ability , or inability , of cinema to follow love into its deepest mazes .
This indie squib wobbles briefly on a tightrope between sincerity and cuteness before plunging headlong to a death-by-whimsy .
This adventurous , postmodern exercise works best as an advert for the talents of Yi -LRB- who also provides music and animation -RRB- . Sneaker-clad indie kids should really lap it up .
A heart-warmer to make a cynic grin .
Yi and Cera are both excellent , though the film is considerably hampered by the lack of any real chemistry between them and their romance fails to convince as a result .
Sort of like a twee version of Curb Your Enthusiasm , it 's this blurring of fact and fiction that transforms Paper Heart into a rom-com for the cynical reality-TV age , one that smartly uses documentary elements to provide real heart .
Mildly amusing at best , the interviews are accompanied by twee animated segments featuring paper dolls , which should fill any right-thinking person with disgust .
The sweet sincerity that Yi portrays makes her an ideal documentary host and subject in this touching , low budget documentary .
A sweet , kooky doco-drama that has plenty of heart , albeit a paper one .
Compelling when you least expect it , this feature-documentary hybrid juggles fact and fiction in dizzying fashion when actress / comedienne Charlyne Yi embarks on a road trip whose destination is love
An uninvolving simulacrum of romance between a pair of mumbling , inarticulate boobs who have no discernible personalities apart from a shared taste in hoodies .
Paper Heart is a kooky , gentle movie that 's all about love , and well worth a look with an open heart .
Paper Heart is n't terribly deep , but it 's disarmingly sweet , and the various comic actors always work hard to keep things lively .
-LSB- An -RSB- unbearably twee mockumentary about the meaning of love .
Paper Heart gets by on easygoing charm , rather like Yi herself , whose low-fi comedy is built upon us rooting for her , perhaps hoping that surely there 's more magnetism to her than this .
The biggest problem is that Yi 's quest for love , and understanding of such , simply is n't all that interesting .
This is one of the best if not the best movie about love that has come out this year ! I would even say it 's one of the best movies of the year . And that 's largely because of this summer 's greatest special effect , Charlyne Yi !
The biggest drawback here is that Charlyne Yi has no screen presence .
` Paper Heart ' is a strange hybrid of documentary and fiction filmmaking that might have been more enjoyable had it stuck with strictly with the facts .
Imagine if Borat had been made by Miranda July , the whimsical beat-poet performance artist who gave us Me and You and Everyone We Know .
Watching Paper Heart is n't a painful process , but it is n't electrifying either .
Paper Heart is increasingly focused on the tension between Cera and Yi 's supposedly real romance and the camera 's imposition of structure and self-consciousness .
A confusing tale of love that will have you questioning your love of film making .
The pretend moments call into question the legitimacy of the genuine ones , until it becomes impossible for Paper Heart to make its own point .
Cute ? If you say so . Funny ? If I had a nickel for every time I laughed , I 'd have a dime .
This movie may be sickly sweet , but it 's harmless ; and as a handcrafted antidote to a toxic toy story like G.I.Joe , Paper Heart has healing properties .
Cute and touching , and more than a little romantic . It 's the kind of movie that will find its audience , and its audience will adore it .
It 's easy to see how this quirky , offbeat approach could seem refreshing within the rarefied , hermetic atmosphere of a festival . Elsewhere , however , it comes across as amateurish and considerably less charming .
It felt completely inauthentic .
There 's a lot to love here .
Charlyne Yi 's road trip in search of love is an easygoing investigation into the ultimate riddle without an answer .
Yi 's overgrown geek girl shines , but tellingly , none of her best scenes have anything to do with holding hands with Cera ,
Equally thought-provoking , funny , sweet and tender .
The picture has a light , winsome appeal .
While not earth-shattering or a film that 's going to change the world , it is one that made me laugh , chuckle , swoon and cry , and when it was over I walked out of the theater feeling as light as a feather and as happy as a clam .
This breach with the audience does matter , for it is one thing to seduce your viewers and quite another to trick them . Love is all about trust , after all .
Charlyne Yi is so darn cute and self-effacing , I can just about forgive a further battering of the line between what 's real and what 's scripted .
Funny , passionate and honest .
Paper Heart is like a really special five-minute YouTube clip that goes on for an hour and a half .
Paper Heart manages to work the meta mostly magically thanks to the sensibility brought by Yi , whose stand-up persona blends a childlike naiveté with an almost perpetual state of shy embarrassment .
Paper Heart is n't the most cloying instance of earnest indie quirk to emerge in the past few months , nor is it the most charming , but the mere fact that such a continuum exists is reason enough to worry .
Slight , silly , sweet and , yes , quirky , Paper Heart does n't really have a whole lot to say , but it says it in a unique and inventive way .
Paper Heart is a cute movie , a little too cute and a little too aware of its own cuteness .
When it comes down to it , Paper Heart worked for me because Yi is really good company .
A maddeningly meta blend of documentary and fiction that begs you to admire how precious it is .
Only intermittently engaging and too timid to be satisfactorily funny or insightful .
Even the most cynical are likely to be won over by the unassuming charms of Paper Heart .
Still , the stylistic games reflect Yi and her generation 's larger dilemma . Paper Heart is a movie that ca n't commit about people who do n't know how to .
Quirky semi-documentary about love is cute for teens .
It 's all kind of silly and amorphous , but the scenes between Yi and Cera , whether or not they were scripted , have a babes-in-the-wood loveliness .
Unlike the sublime -LRB- 500 -RRB- Days of Summer , which also had to do with young romance , ambivalence and rethinking the notion of happy endings , Paper Heart never transcends its twee , hyper-self-aware niche .
Your appreciation for this shaggy dog project will probably depend on your enjoyment of Yi as a screen presence .
A quirky , mostly endearing commentary on love in a postmodern age .
... an upbeat crowd pleaser that should break Yi out of the L.A. underground comedy circuit .
The quirk occasionally walks right up to the line of unbearable , but it 's Paper Heart 's unabashedly bared soul that saves it in the end .
One of the sweetest cinematic confections of the year . Charlyne Yi is a new star in the making .
The seamless blending of reality and fiction makes Paper Heart such an intriguing addition to the mockumentary genre , especially in light of all the TV reality dating shows .
Fact and fiction intermingle in Paper Heart , but discovering where the line is drawn is the tricky part .
Enjoying this wondrous wisp of a something is easy , describing it is hard . Luckily , Charlyne Yi is an enchantress .
Part documentary , part fictional romcom , and all twee .
One thing Charlyne 's title card fails to mention is that she 's a talented artist .
The crockumentary crashes and burns in Paper Heart , built around comedian Charlyne Yi 's purported search for true love .
naggingly juvenile
Every beat of Yi 's manufactured crisis of faith feels as pre-programmed in its own way as a Michael Bay movie .
Takes an optimistic , undeniably sweet approach to issues of the heart , and does n't lose its head in the process .
A quasi-documentary about love that is sweet , true and perhaps a little deceptive .
Paper Heart wallows in that irritating hipster preciousness known as `` twee '' for nearly its entire running time .
This diverting riff is as much a spoof of film-school self-seriousness as it is a sincere art project , enhanced by Yi 's great , homemade puppets .
A `` hybrid documentary '' that bemusedly blurs the line between fact and fiction .
These people are touchingly , often humorously frank about their most profound interpersonal connections , offering a range of definitions of love -- although the pic stacks the deck by keeping Yi the only real skeptic on hand .
Paper Heart is way more innovative than the formulaic romantic comedie s that all too often trek through the multiplex , and a much-needed refreshing change .
In this comic tug of war , Yi and Cera both pull in the same direction -- and barely pull , at that . It 's the acting equivalent of its boneless music . No friction = no laughs .
Cera begins ingratiating himself into Yi 's quest , but that part of the story is doomed from jump : It 's entertaining for a moment , but hardly as enlightening or endearing as the from-the-heart moments surrounding it .
The questioning yields but modest insights , more along the line of `` love is a hard thing to find -- when you have it , keep it '' than any heretofore undiscovered secret formulas .
Miraculously effective if kooky cross-country dissertations on the anatomy of love , including Vegas matrimony ; biker bar romance deconstructed as ` thirty minutes in the back seat , ' and unrequited animal attraction at a local zoo .
... the first time feature filmmakers , quite professionally , crossed the continent and collected a myriad of interviews and anecdotes about love .
Worms its way under our skin from the start , keeping us laughing as it explores love and relationships from a strikingly original angle
Amateurish -LRB- in the positive and negative sense -RRB- and meandering , Paper Heart is an intermittently charming , offbeat comedy about the nature of true love , combining with varying degrees of success docu , mocku , fiction and graphic elements .
Paper Heart charmed the jaded pants off of me .
A beguiling mixture of documentary and fiction , Paper Heart is one of the most refreshing and funny love stories in recent memory .
I do n't think they ever get around to answering the question about true love , but it 's fun to watch the process .
Charlyne Yi , while an odd choice as a leading lady , is just cute enough to root for .
If it flukes a wide release and finds an audience it could mark the beginnings of a sensibility revolution in American humor .









@highlight

Equal parts charming and refreshing , Paper Heart is a quirky mockumentary led by the endearing Charlyne Yi .