It looks like screenwriter David Keopp 's -LRB- Jurassic Park , Mission : Impossible -RRB- writing takes a hit when he 's also taking on the role of director .
The pace of the movie is really fantastic , but once you get past that and realize you 've been watching a 90-minute bike chase , which is n't nearly as thrilling as the trailer lets on , you begin to deflate .
It 's weightless and graceless , complete with a stock love story , a cloying human interest angle , and no shortage of poor acting .
It 's a tight little thriller , briskly told . And I 'm already having a hard time remembering anything else about It .
Satisfying on a basic , fun level , but also stylishly produced and not insulting to the viewer 's intelligence .
The movie , idiotic as it is , has its charms , thanks in large part to its two main actors .
Gordon-Levitt proves he 's the best actor on two wheels , pedaling furiously to save a grueling ride from becoming more tiresome .
Joseph Gordon-Levitt ' fixed-wheel bike has a single gear and no brakes , and you could say the same of director David Koepp 's film , which is light on character and plot . But , even on two wheels , the action is fast and furious .
Want more from a late-summer joyride than slides , wheelies and bunny hops ? Get a load of Shannon , dementedly inspired , trying out an oddball accent and Richard Widmark giggle .
Gordon-Levitt is , as usual , a likeable hero , though he 's underused in a film that 's plainly more interested in kinetics than drama .
Just a few spokes short of a wheel , guys .
An unpretentious throwback to the kind of action movie that had no need of superheroes , Premium Rush is hardly a classic but fun up to a point .
A fun chase film starring the likable Joseph Gordon-Levitt , with a deliciously over-the-top performance by Michael Shannon as a villainous crooked cop , and some X Games-worthy bike stunts .
Premium Rush is that rare bird : a chase picture that 's just a chase picture - and a dandy one .
The kind of low-expectation late-summer film that can all too often fall under the radar but delivers more honestly and forcefully than most of its warm-weather predecessors .
I expected `` Premium Rush '' would be an exciting film , but I did n't think it would be so much fun to watch . It has plenty of thrills , laughs and a plot that is more complicated and interesting than I thought it would be .
Maybe the plot 's a little thin , but this is end of summer escapism at its best and it guarantees you 'll never look at a biker in NYC the same way again .
Eye-popping practical bike work should provide interested viewers with a middle-of-the-road rush that 's a bit short of ` premium . '
... a lightning-paced , hyper-adrenalized entertainment .
There is also a romance and scenes of what may or may not be human trafficking but unless the action is happening on the back of a Schwinn it pretty much is only hinted at on screen .
Even though we see more of New York at street level than you 'd ever expect in one thriller , this film is hit by one puncture after another .
Joseph Gordon-Levitt is an immensely likable hero and the stunt work is astonishing .
This is about the bike , the road and the compulsion to go , go , go .
The film is one snappy , fast-paced chase through the streets of Manhattan . Never mind the logic , feel the breeze .
A least one reviewer cycled home from the screening in a state of uncharacteristic nervousness .
-LSB- A -RSB- slyly structured , pseudo-real-time carnival ride ripples with undercurrents of moral complexity ... Joseph Gordon-Levitt ... is effortlessly cool and engaging onscreen , always .
The chases are well done and Gordon-Levitt is a solid lead but the film gives him little to do other than ride .
A VHS classic from another age , but times have changed .
Simple but fun .
Fast , furious and infuriating .
For all its attempts at originality , Premium Rush is , at its heart , generic
A few twiddly Google Maps inserts aside , David Koepp 's film is low on kinetic energy .
Enjoyable , fast-paced thriller that makes up for its plot deficiencies with sheer adrenaline and a pair of superb performances from Joseph Gordon-Levitt and Michael Shannon .
We just laugh at every ridiculous twist and turn . But it 's shot with real energy , putting us right on bicycles speeding dangerously through the New York traffic
Mount up ... and get on it .
A blast .
A satisfying piece of head-rush cinema that should leave viewers feeling exhilarated .
A movie that while thin and silly , moves with such joyous speed that you almost want to throw your arms in the air and scream .
Michael Shannon gives his run-of-the-mill dialogue an unusually campy kick and singlehandedly keeps Premium Rush entertaining when it could have been routine .
Try to picture a combo of Run Lola Run and The Bicycle Thief that plays out in Chinatown and is more exciting than the car chase in The French Connection .
The better-than-average feel is perpetuated by Gordon-Levitt 's remarkably -LRB- yet expectedly -RRB- charismatic performance ...
The whole film sizzles with urban aggression .
JGL 's enjoyment in his job adds welcome levels of Levitt-y .
Wafer-thin characters aside , Premium Rush delivers thanks to Michael Shannon 's unhinged villain .
Rush Peddles to Satisfying Thrills
It is pretty exciting to see the race scenes happen through a camera on a bike speeding through the streets of New York . Plus Shannon gives a distinct portrayal of a bad guy .
The latest from Koepp & Co. is one of the summer 's wildest , most inventive rides ; a lovably loopy adrenaline fest that definitely delivers .
Someone should have heeded the `` brakes are death '' creed of Gordon-Levitt 's messenger and slammed them on while this was still a script .
... the kamikaze cyclist 's wet dream and the best action movie of the summer , a fun fusion of humor , suspense and pure adrenaline ... Hitchcock meets ` Breaking Away , ' anyone ?
Initially diverting and thrilling , but with diminishing returns . It 's excessively inane and cartoonish . Not enough pleasure to call it a guilty pleasure .
Premium Rush is n't mindless mayhem , a thriller for teenage boys bursting with hormonal bloodlust . Koepp 's film has a brain ...
New York bicycle couriers lead such dangerous lives that it seems it would be possible to make a thrilling movie about them without having conventional villains or plots .
The movie speeds along crisply , providing just enough exposition to lend a few pounds of emotional weight without bogging down the breakneck pace .
I do have an abiding fondness for compact and coherent action movies , and this is surely one .
It moves like a bullet , has some effective chase sequences , and gives you Michael Shannon as one of the year 's most memorable bad guys .
Pure cinema .
It 's the kinetic energy Koepp injects into the premise that overshadows the predictable plotting and pushes your pulse into the danger zone .
It never gels and one of the biggest problems is the lack of a consistent tone .
the powers that be perfectly understand that they are making an evening 's diversion , not an artistic statement , which in itself may be a perfectly valid artistic statement
Techs , especially for the fast-paced chases , are pretty slick and hold your eye . After a while though , it all gets repetitive .
director David Koepp -LRB- `` Stir of Echoes '' -RRB- has orchestrated many thrilling sequences of bicyclists dodging and weaving through the real life traffic of Manhattan
Gordon-Levitt , fresh off his pivotal role in `` The Dark Knight Rises , '' is an engaging leading man - tough and plucky , but also charming and accessible .
There is virtually nothing original about the premise of Premium Rush , but its execution is immensely entertaining .
A Tour de Gridlock unfolding at a breakneck pace that does n't give you a chance to pause to consider whether what you 're watching is even credible .
Shannon should have made Roscoe P. Coltrane noises the whole time .
A silly , race-against-time thriller , filled with impressive chase scenes and stunt work on a bike without brakes .
A movie built around a bicycle messenger is a risky venture -- as an adrenaline-pumper , it sounds about as promising as Driving Miss Daisy -- but writer-director David Koepp invests in our need for speed right from the first frame .
As a tribute to an unheralded profession , the movie has some potential . As a thriller , it hits the skids pretty quickly .
What we 're left with are bicycles scooting around Manhattan and some mildly diverting stunt work ...
It earns its hour-and-a-half of thrills honestly , with good solid storytelling and filmmaking . It 's amazing how rare that is these days .
Joseph Gordon-Levitt and Michael Shannon face off in a 90-minute chase layered with flashbacks that cleverly fill in the details with Pulp Fiction-esque precision .
While Michael Shannon 's performance is hilarious for every reason it should n't be , Joseph Gordon-Levitt disappoints for one of the first -LRB- and hopefully last -RRB- moments of his career . `` Premium Rush '' just feels sloppy and unsatisfying .
It finds joy in the little details : the sharp dialogue , the crackerjack chases , the constant yellow CG lines covering Wilee 's routes away from -LRB- or all too often straight into -RRB- danger .
Throwing `` premium '' into the title may be overselling such a trifling entertainment . But for the cinematically discounted days of late summer , it 's a perfectly diverting little ride .
While the premise is a bit idiotic , and at a brisk 90 minutes , ` Premium Rush ' delivers the best ride due to Gordon-Levitt and Shannon 's hilarious and appealing performances .
The whole thing is nearly brought to its knees by David Sardy 's abominable score . It 's amongst the most generic electronica-ish tripe ever splattered across a film and it 's incessant .
It 's a good thing that adrenaline tends to short-circuit logical thinking ; the plot is mostly nonsensical , but you 'll be too thrilled by the literal twists and turns to care much .
Premium Rush earns its place as end-of-the-summer escapism , but I ca n't say that it 's more than a well-done formula flick .
I do n't know how a film this entertaining and expertly-made can show up the last week of summer , but I 'm not complaining .
Popcorn gets stuck in the bubblegum of director/co-writer David Koepp 's teenybopper crowd-pleaser .
The simple , utterly satisfying Premium Rush delivers just what the title promises .
In many ways a live-action Road Runner cartoon ... The other influence is Howard Hawks , in particular ` Only Angels Have Wings ' ...
Feel this ` Rush . '
... lacking characters to care about and with only the whisper of a story , 91 minutes of people riding bicycles at high speed through traffic-laden New York City is n't enough .
The ` premium ' of Koepp 's film is the frenetic pace while the ` rush ' stems largely from ignoring the transpiring events and savouring the ride .
Sometimes , what makes a movie a good one is not the story so much as how that story is told .
-LRB- I -RRB- n the capable hands of David Koepp , we see how a simple premise can be parlayed into entertaining , escapist late Summer fun .
It 's the purest adrenaline rush you could have from the comfort of a movie theater .
A near-miss . Joseph Gordon-Levitt , and especially Michael Shannon give it their all , but they ca n't overcome the patch-work script .
Rarely delivers on its title 's promise of high-class excitement .
Koepp the director considers speed and economy , choosing the shortest and cleverest routes to take his story to the finish line .
Overall it will make a fun evening out , but do n't expect greatness out of this race to the finish .
This is simply a chase flick and the filmmakers do a decent job staging and executing those scenes , even if not all of them are as thrilling as they should be to carry a pic like this . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
Premium Rush looks and feels like a lightweight movie , because it is . But it 's an unusually well-made one .
`` Premium Rush '' is a rather routine thriller that 's got two things going for it : the ticking of a clock and the clickety-click of bicycle wheels .
Premium Rush is little more than a 90-minute chase scene , but it 's an often exhilarating ride thanks to adrenalin-triggering visuals .
Undeniably , the word `` action '' does apply , but only as it falls between `` class '' and `` suit . ''
`` Premium Rush '' is both the title of this movie and its clever if less than subtle promise to summer audiences -- which it mostly delivers ...
No brakes indeed .
This is supposed to be a life-and-death chase movie , not two friends messing around .
Breezy and entertaining , if imperfect ...
If it did n't star the universally beloved Gordon-Levitt , `` Premium Rush '' would quietly fall in the category of late-summer time killer for teenagers .
Bike messengers - and moviegoers - deserve better .
May be my favorite New York movie since Raimi 's ` Spider-Man ' .
Premium Rush is like Kim Kardashian , it looks pretty , but you would n't want to marry it .
Director and co-writer David Koepp , like his hero , pares everything down to the essentials , and that means removing the brakes .
Premium Rush simply can not recover from the pace-deflating expository flashbacks .
The cinematic equivalent of a theme park ride -- fun in the moment , inconsequential in the long run , and over in a blink .
Sit back and enjoy it as a summer jolt of pure adrenaline .
Like the lithe and maligned carriers weaving their way through Big Apple traffic , `` Premium Rush '' is a thin , brash , sinewy thing built entirely for speed .
Not so much a movie as an exercise in cinematic adrenaline , but so long as it sticks to the pavement and avoids trying to humanize its clockwork characters , -LSB- it 's -RSB- dumb fun .
The script is terrible and the greatMichael Shannon is forced to sound like a 1930 's gangster : `` Hey what 's the big idea ! '' and he 's so over the top and it sucks you out of it .
This will take you over when you 're watching it , there 's some cool tricks that suck you in , but after you start thinking about it , you realize that it 's nowhere near as good as you thought it was while you were watching it .
The contrived tale is filled with plot holes , but the story takes a back seat to the chase-filled , daredevil action .
Koepp does n't trust the basics of the hunt , bending over backwards to paste a soul on a simplistic machine of suspense .
Premium Rush is just a fun ride .
A surprising jolt to the system , driven by a great villainous turn by Michael Shannon .
-LSB- It -RSB- actually does n't sound like it would work at all as a tightly wound slice of street action , but it does , and in radically fresh ways .
A chase is an inherently exciting event that movies can capture better than any other medium . David Koepp 's Premium Rush is an exhilarating chase .
Premium Rush quickly kicks off its extended action set piece and never lets up .
A refreshingly simple stunt-packed , low-budget action movie .
Premium Rush ca n't decide if it 's a serious , ticking-clock thriller or an antic , stunt-driven cartoon .
`` Premium Rush '' may be one of the coolest dumb movie ever .
Cruising the streets of Manhattan , clocking in at a tight 90 minutes and set on a bike without brakes , this loose-limbed action-drama is a swift , sweaty ode to the city 's subcultures and a punky descendant of '70s B-movies .
`` Premium Rush '' has a lot of energy - too much , it 's kind of exhausting . It also has a lot of trickiness .
Stuffed with zingers and zippy stunts , it comes with pretty young things of all hues and hair types - few prettier than its lead , Joseph Gordon-Levitt - and start-to-finish clever special effects , none more clever or special than Michael Shannon .
Experience a bike messenger 's view of Manhattan with Premium Rush , where racing through an intersection becomes a death-defying puzzle . Realistic stunts help compensate for plot holes and weak characterization .
The story appears formulaic at first but gets increasingly twisty as the movie progresses - though not always in a good way .
There 's a lot of footage of people riding bikes with determined looks on their faces . Sorry , it 's just not that exciting .
The plot is as layered and complex as a TV ad for detergent .
The skeleton of `` Premium Rush '' is as old as the movies : a chase . It 's how the skeleton is fleshed out that makes the movie such loopy , crazed , dangerous fun .
For those who found `` Speed '' too thoughtful , there 's `` Premium Rush , '' the new king of brainless chase flicks -LRB- at least until Razor scooters finances its first feature film -RRB- .
Think of it as a motocross event blended with `` Bullitt . ''
It continually spins its wheels or even goes in reverse , backtracking to previous points to load new information .
Hollywood has been trying to pull off the bike messenger as action hero since 1986 's Quicksilver with Kevin Bacon . You have to hand it to Premium Rush , which has the kinetic whoosh to keep you spinning .
This is empty-calorie stuff , but sometimes empty calories are the most enjoyable calories -- and Premium Rush , like Gordon-Levitt 's bike-messenger character , delivers .
High-octane action sustains thin plot in teen-friendly film .
A snappy , fast-paced thriller that provides a genuine rush to close out the summer . Even if you prefer four wheels over two , you 're in for a pulse-pounding time .
The cycling action is fun , and there 's a lot of pop mythology about the tao of bike messengers , though the latter sounds as if it were written by someone who pays for rush service , not someone who provides it .
The nonstop action and physicality is like watching a two-wheel parkour workout video .
The action is neither cathartic nor supremely exhilarating . Bullitt on a bike this film is not .
An action lover 's wet dream , with enough character and self-aware intelligence to forgive the rampant silliness at play .
Premium Rush supplies just enough dramatic rationale to set a series of Manhattan bike chases in motion and then follows without pretending it cares much about anything beyond the adrenaline .
The lovably ridiculous bike-messenger thriller Premium Rush is a welcome throwback .
Add neon and spandex and you might think of ` Tron '
Silly stuff , but for an end-of-summer matinee you could do a whole lot worse - and , by this point of the summer , probably have .
It has a few marvelous tricks up its sleeve with extra doses of zoom-zoom .
Like a bike wheel , the film reflects an ever-spinning cycle of scenes that race forward and then , just as quickly , pedal back in time . A riveting action , um , spiller , with Shannon as a bad cop who could n't be better .
It 's Shannon who does n't just steal the film , he towers over it .
Premium Rush is a half-entertaining , half-exasperating movie - one that sells you on the notion of New York bike messengers as great fodder for cinema but then does n't know how to build a feature around them .
Suitable to the medium of film -LRB- and last days of summer -RRB- , this unabashedly simplistic but ultra-dynamic and kinetic flick , set on bikes in the mean streets of Manhattan , offers pleasure ; the late Tony Scott would have loved to make it .
`` Premium Rush '' is great fun - nimble , quick , the thinking person 's mindless entertainment .
So appealing is Gordon-Levitt that , for great stretches of his new movie , I suspended my disapproval of his character and just went with the nonstop flow .
Rarely has a movie been so well served by its superficiality ; Premium Rush proves how invigorating genre filmmaking can be in the hands of a savvy , perpetually inventive director .
Entertaining enough but some of its inherent silliness might guarantee its place as a cult hit that finds more fans once it hits cable .
Could have cast Bow Wow and Ray Liotta and delivered its package , generically and according to protocol . Thankfully , this snappy little action flick prefers to zig and zag .
Koepp wants to capture the immediacy of bike messengers zipping through hostile territory , but Premium Rush has an arcade elasticity that 's a few stops removed from reality .
I 'm very weary of routine chase movies . There 's nothing routine about `` Premium Rush . ''

@highlight

It 's built out of familiar parts , but no matter how formulaic Premium Rush 's storyline might seem , it 's elevated by high-octane action and enjoyable performances .