Semi-Pro is , to put it charitably , semi-good . And I 'm sure it will make a load of money .
Semi-Pro has a lot of problems , not the least of which is that it is simply bone lazy in terms of plot development , story and pretty much everything else .
Semi-Pro will likely leave its star with a sore throat and bruised pride but a bulging wallet nonetheless : it 's possibly the first movie ever to be less funny than the products it advertises .
Semi-Pro is n't the most well-designed of comedies , it 's far too disjointed without enough thought given to making it work as a whole , but there are enough genuinely funny moments , especially from upstart Daly , to make it worth a look .
Root-canal territory all the way
Will Ferrell 's Semi-Pro is a dreadful comedy . It 's lazy and slipshod .
No amount or combination of shame , absurdity and unflattering outfits seem to dint Ferrell 's fierce commitment to character .
It is n't a good enough sports movie to please sports fans and it 's not an outright funny enough movie to please Ferrell 's fans .
In the end it 's too simply all too familiar .
Semi-Pro offers nothing new .
You end up with a movie that is way too simple-minded for adults on an ABA nostalgia trip , and way too dirty for kids .
A lot of it is funny , but the problem is that it does n't amount to much .
Unfortunately , the outrageousness lessens in the second half of the film , becoming your straight forward underdog movie .
Coming from someone that did n't like Ferrell 's last few comedies , I can say that this is an improvement .
we do n't really need any more of these movies
Qualifies as a sort of cinematic comfort food : it 's the mac and cheese of the cineplex .
... a film that is bipolar in its intentions , at once trying to make us laugh at Jackie and care about the rest of the characters , but it 's a losing battle on both sides .
Aside from the ` fro and his sport of choice , Jackie Moon is really no different whatsoever from Ricky Bobby , or whatever Ferrell 's character 's name was in `` Blades of Glory .
I have to admit that not much about this movie made me laugh much at all .
Semi-Pro stays true to the formula , and it 's a pretty funny , good-looking comedy .
Affectionate if foul-mouthed locker room method acting , with defensive moves on behalf of the mostly flabby-abs homeboy team concept . And counting all sorts of eccentric , nutty and deeply lovable players , before sports went commercial and big time .
... pretty much mines the bottom of the barrel for laughs , going with improvisation and cheap shots .
There was trailer before the film for Harold and Kumar : Escape from Guantonamo Bay , which actually made me laugh more than the entire film of Semi-Pro .
No more can filmmakers get instant laughs with Pong , ascots , eight-tracks and lava lamps . It 's just no longer funny . And for 95 percent of its running time , neither is Semi-Pro .
Jackie Moon is every other Will Ferrell character in John Stockton shorts .
A comedy air ball .
Will Ferrell can be very funny . This is not one of those times . Tired and tawdry , this tedious misfire is a misjudgement on Ferrell 's part , namely in terms of material .
The semifunny Semi-Pro is amiable enough , but you never feel there 's much at stake .
Will Ferrell has been copying his own parody formula so much after Talladega Nights and Blades of Glory , he has become his own joke-eating virus .
Jackie 's vast neediness and ego overwhelm not only Coffee Black , but also the rest of Semi-Pro .
-LSB- Reaches -RSB- a point of such creative bankruptcy that Ferrell stands poised to become as tiresome a screen jester as Robin Williams .
The cast does , though , rise above the top -LRB- or bottom -RRB- of some situations and keeps the film on the positive side of funny .
When a screenwriter and cast , to the extent they ad-libbed , resort to so much gratuitous profanity , it 's a sure sign of desperation .
Well , it scores about half the time . `` Semi-Pro '' does indeed have a few laughs . But it also has few surprises . This most likely is the winding-down of the Will-Ferrell-as-sports-buffoon franchise .
Even with mile-a-minute gags and appearances by several of Ferrell 's pals , a lot of the jokes clang off the rim .
A not-ready-for-primetime tale that should have stayed on the bench .
Semi-Pro is n't painful , but it 's a very minor credit for everyone involved .
Judging from this low-scoring sports comedy about the mystique of men with balls , Will Ferrell needs to call a time-out from belly baring to refocus his fan-favorite game of playing clueless male doofuses .
Very probably the worst of Ferrell 's starring vehicles .
I do n't think Semi-Pro is a bad movie by any stretch of the imagination . It just does n't rank as one of Will Ferrell 's best .
Semi-Pro is a bad film , even by traditional Will Ferrell standards . The jokes constantly misfire , last too long , or try too hard to disgust .
The problem is that you sit down waiting to laugh , so every time you are n't , it 's really noticeable .
You take the Will Ferrell formula and you plug it in , but somehow it just feels kind of uninspired and flat .
If all this sounds similar to another sports underdog movie about a certain endangered hockey franchise , rest assured that Slap Shot 's legacy is safe .
True to the Will Ferrell formula , going for the joke trumps plot and character development at every turn , with the trademark humor coming via nonsensical slapstick and such Seventies-era fashion statements as cotton-candy afros and loathsome leisure suit
Foul .
For the first time ever , Will Ferrell 's performance failed to make me laugh even once .
No one will argue that Semi-Pro is n't crude and lewd . Thanks to Ferrell and his cast of crazies , however , it plays the lowbrow genre like an all-pro .
Will Ferrell puts up enough bricks to build a hotel .
So far , this is the worst movie of the year .
I think this is a case of alternately trying too hard and not trying hard enough .
It 's not a very good movie , but you ca n't have Ferrell without getting a few good laughs here and there .
-LSB- S -RSB- wing -LSB- s -RSB- with thoughtless abandon from one posture to another . Bam ! Here 's a vomit joke ! Bam ! Here 's a tenderly romantic moment !
With all the vertical leap of a pygmy in a pick-up game , `` Semi-Pro '' is like a movie in the mind of a 10-year-old who 's discovered profanity , pornography and a shoebox of blank Mad-Libs - funny only to the person coming up with it .
Will Ferrell in short shorts . Is n't that enough to inspire you to see the movie Semi-Pro ?
This '70s - period sports comedy is only funny about half of the time and seems like an uneasy film hybrid . Half the time it 's trying to be a Will Ferrell vehicle , and half the time it 's trying to rip off of earlier , better movies .
There are some ludicrous sight gags and uniquely silly , if foul-mouthed , laughs . The movie falters when it tries to be serious . Fortunately , those moments are few .
The humor is mostly visual while too many of the scenes that are actually written whimper out without a punch line .
You ca n't help but marvel , and laugh at , Ferrell 's indefatigable enthusiasm and willingness to make a complete ass of himself .
If you 're a Ferrell fan , this is probably the kind of movie you want to see him in .
I laughed from start to finish at its relentlessly , energetically profane absurdity and a cast crammed with funny actors in even the smallest roles .
Ferrell is capable of a great deal more than he 's been delivering . It might surprise him to learn that white men can jump . But first they have to try .
The real problem lies in the character Ferrell is playing . Aside from the unimportant detail that there really were no former disco stars in 1976 , the character is vague -- and specificity of character is what makes Ferrell funny .
There is n't enough going on in Semi-Pro , comically or otherwise , to sustain the movie even through its first half-hour . This may be one of the most sluggish sports comedies ever made -- even the supposedly rousing final sequence feels belabored .
The Will Ferrell man-boy persona , a combination of obstinacy , idiocy and innocence that Ferrell has ushered through several successful comedies , finally gets called for traveling in Semi-Pro .
Semi-Pro goes up for the dunk and misses the hoop , the backboard and the point . Instead , it manages to both strike out and get sacked . Whose idea was it to remake Slap Shot a la Jerry Lewis ?
For die-hard Ferrell fans , this could be the ultimate test . He has been playing variations of Elf for five years , and his antics have grown as stale as Jackie 's socks .
The conceptually canny but narratively disappointing Semi-Pro finds -LSB- Ferrell -RSB- taking one step forward and two steps back .
Like many of Will Ferrell 's recent films , `` Semi-Pro '' finds the sweet spot between sports melodrama and parody , and hammers it for 90 diverting minutes .
An orgy of disco-era excess , it 's also an interminable exercise in beating a dead horse .
Semi-Pro is all fancy dribbling and passing , with nobody actually scoring .
After four jock-themed comedies in three years , Semi-Pro -- his latest reiteration of growth-stunted masculinity -- ca n't help but make you feel it 's time he benched the routine .
It 's long on shorts but short on punchlines .
Ferrell is to the sports comedy what the Toronto Maple Leafs are to the hockey biz : Hard-core fans are sure to show up and find reasons to be amused . The rest of us can only hope for better days .
Semi-Pro is precisely that : a movie that is sort of professionally made and sort of professionally acted with no serious expectations beyond earning money and offering audience members some passing entertainment .
A film with funny moments but just as many wasted opportunities .
Not even Ferrell , spinning his comic wheels here , can save this vapid flick .
Technically , it 's not a foul to shoot a stupid sports comedy . In fact , it 's becoming something of a routine maneuver for Will Ferrell .
Ferrell is pretty much the whole show .
Aside from Kicking & Screaming , this is probably Ferrell 's weakest comedy to date .
Semi-Pro is just Will Ferrell doing the same man-boy shtick he usually does .
The formula for a Will Ferrell comedy , say critics , is becoming painfully obvious : Pick an offbeat occupation , usually in sports , add a funny hairstyle and silly name and unleash Ferrell . Comedy ensues . Or not .
It does get the funk out ya face for 86 minutes .
Semi-Pro is short and sweet . In his own way , Ferrell is doing today what Martin did 30 years ago : creating a kind of put-on comedy that invites everybody in .
It 's certainly funny enough for a late-night out , but it 's just not nearly as good as die-hard Ferrell fans will think it is .
Disappointing , poorly written and essentially laugh free comedy that wastes a strong comic cast .
Ferrell mugs his way through with enthusiasm , but Harrelson looks a bit dumbstruck by it all .
Shouting ? Big hair ? Vague sense of disappointment ? Congrats ! You 're watching a Will Ferrell sports comedy .
Despite a riotous cast and a battery of what should be hilarious cameos , Semi-Pro shoots and misses the mark by a wide margin .
Ferrell seems to be running on empty , despite a luxuriant McEnroe afro-with-headband and a past as a one-hit wonder -LRB- `` Love Me Sexy '' -RRB- .
Basically `` The Will Ferrell Show , '' with the second-stringers relegated to the sidelines , fighting for scraps .
Ferrell 's character comedies spoof NASCAR , figure-skating and so on ; but these films also reveal a sincere , envious love and fascination for the cultures and skills they mimic . These are wish-fulfillment movies ...
All in all Semi-Pro dribbles along but never really delivers a comedy slam-dunk .
Chillingly devoid of laughs , and looks like some deconstructionist experiment , deliberately draining the comedy genre of jokes to show the parched , pointless story-skeleton beneath .
The movie 's absurdist humour and muted ambitions have paved a path for slipshod anarchy , and hinted at greater things to come from future Ferrell movies .
Will Ferrell fans probably could n't care less that Semi-Pro fails to take full advantage of an extraordinarily rich premise .
It puts too big a burden on Ferrell to make comedy gold out of rough outlines .
Ferrell ca n't jump in the tepid Semi-Pro
Semi-Pro is semi-amusing and semi-entertaining . It 's a step up from the real turkeys , but like the Tropics , it 's never going to be ready for the big leagues .
Well worth a look but this is n't trying hard enough to be as dumb as it needs to be . Next time , Ferrell , less ambition please .
Semi-Pro is the directorial debut of executive producer Kent Alterman and he exhibits a talent for pacing and gag placement . The production looks a little muddy , but that 's in keeping with its low rent 70 's feel .
Semi-Pro is beyond resuscitation thanks to about three decent gags throughout . On the rollercoaster track that is now Ferrell 's career , this is close to a new low . And after turkeys like Bewitched , that 's saying quite something .
What is most extraordinary about Semi-Pro is that someone actually provided money to produce it . The funding probably came from someone who did not - or could not - read the script .
Semi-Pro may look like recycled Will Ferrell , outrageous personality and all , but there is an attention to detail and a surreal '70s splash that makes it all work .
Classic Will Ferrell
Let 's be honest . Will Ferrell has made a career making the exact same movie over and over and over again .
accomplishes a rare feat even for the truly terrible movies in that it does n't manage a consistent level of mediocrity but surpasses it seemingly with each and every scene proving that oh yes , it can and will get worse .
Ferrell is still able to wring some real chuckles out of a very familiar blueprint . I guess the guy 's just that funny .
So clichéd it becomes the movie it is supposed to mock
... there does reach a point at which one ca n't help but shake their head at the relentless needlessness of it all .
Step on up and see Ferrell shoot an air ball !
`` Semi-Pro '' is not even semi-funny .
it 's time Ferrell gives these sports comedies a little time on the bench before his big-screen career fouls out .
Will Ferrell 's most cluttered film to date ... a few more movies like this , and Ferrell could find himself trapped in a creative black hole that might lead to a future of miserable boat show appearances .
The film is not up to par with some of Ferrell 's previous efforts , but there are many very funny moments and scenes here .
Semi-Pro is the perfect name for this movie , because it feels like a half-baked comedy made by semi-professionals .
Had a script been written , I 'm confident that we could have had a great comedy on our hands .
Even when the script , by Scot Armstrong , shoots airballs , Ferrell is a slam-dunk .
Ferrell still brings the funny like few superstars in his salary range , but there 's a distinct decline in quality between the hilarious Anchorman , the sloppy but funny Blades Of Glory , and this affable , moderately amusing trifle .
Erratic , overlong and repetitive , Semi-Pro seems not to have been written but sketched out in chalkboard diagrams before the actors took their marks in front of the cameras .
Add it all up , and this movie 's nothing more or less than that huge fake-lookin ' ` fro on Will Ferrell 's head : untidy , familiar and kinda fun .
Semi-Pro is a mess , but it 's a likable one .
I loved Ferrell in Stranger Than Fiction ; liked him in Old School and Talladega Nights . Yet , except for a skyhook or two , his work in Semi-Pro is strictly amateur .
Stay home and watch any of Ferrell 's past films , all of which are more worthwhile than this monotonously unfunny tripe .
I am sick to death of the clueless , arrogant buffoon that Will Ferrell has made his stock-in-trade , and desperate to see the talented comic do something -- anything -- else .
Perhaps the feeblest entry in the Will Ferrell Sports Comedy canon .
Like so much in this life , Will Ferrell 's comedies tread the razor-thin line separating smart/stupid from stupid/stupid .
Very much in the tradition of Slap Shot , Semi-Pro scores big laughs with the rowdy play-by-play of hard-luck hoopsters struggling for professional survival .
Everything about it is semi : semi-funny , semi-idiotic and semi-conceived after a long night of Bud Lights and viewings of Talladega Nights .
Our hesitation to identify -LSB- Ferrell -RSB- as the genuinely funny star of comedies such as Old School and Anchorman comes after seeing this actor 's halfhearted , disconcertingly crude and only occasionally amusing performance .
No huge laughs in Ferrell 's foul-mouthed comedy .
There 's an honest-to-goodness sports movie trying to emerge in this typically goofy Will Ferrell comedy . Too bad it did n't try a little harder .
You keep watching Semi-Pro and waiting for its potentially hilarious setup to deliver the goods . And after a while , you realize that the laughter comes only in anticipation of a payoff that never quite arrives .
` Wrestling the bear ' is n't quite as colorful as ` jumping the shark . ' But Ferrell 's fight with a not-so-gentle Ben suggests the glory days of his dumb-guy shtick are over .
If -LSB- basketball -RSB- must be mocked it deserves to be mocked well , and Semi-Pro , unfortunately , is n't up to the challenge .
Will Ferrell 's latest comedy splits time between being a goofy basketball movie and ... a whole bunch of other stuff , none of it particularly interesting .
Semi-Pro is no disaster , but debut director Kent Alterman proves that Ferrell is better off working with the pros .
According to the Ferrell method , the art of comedy characterisation is to put on a straight face -LRB- daft hairstyle optional -RRB- , bellow the first thing that comes to mind -LRB- rude words optional -RRB- , race around like a child on a sugar rush ... and repeat .
` Semi-Pro ' resorts to the bombast of brash ` infotainment ' news and sports programming to mine its humour .
This is a movie about a guy who ca n't throw-up . Trust me , you 'll have no problem with your vomit reflex while watching this cinematic dreg .
You know when a basketball team that 's trailing at the end of the game obnoxiously extends the pain by calling a billion timeouts ? That 's exactly how Semi-Pro goes out .
Is there a point at which excessive public self-humiliation becomes its own form of warped narcissism ?
If you 're on the prowl for a Ferrell yuk-fest , you 'd do better renting one of his more successful comedies than spending money on this faux sports dud . Only die-hard fans of the SNL alumn will find anything worthwhile here .
At best Semi-Pro only manages to be semi-funny .
Goes up for the dunk but misses the rim , the backboard and the point . Instead it manages to strike out and get sacked at the same time .
the sports section simply is n't very stirring , and without a supporting cast dedicated to the humor , the film is n't consistently funny either .
Only sporadically funny , ineffectual when it goes serious or sentimental , and , in the last analysis , is mostly mediocre .
Semi-Pro tries for semi-sweet when bittersweet would have been better , semi-silly when full-bore absurd was called for . And the final score ? Semi-funny .
Cheap , lazy production . The directing is terrible and , more important , it 's not funny . Who edited out the funny stuff ?
In the end , it 's comedy comfort food , something powdered poured from a box .
Most of the jokes are only half-written and it 's rare that any of the visual gags have a real payoff .
Semi-Pro joins Anchorman and Elf as one of Ferrell 's funnier efforts .
It misses the point entirely of what a spoof is , offering sporadic chuckles and a whole lot of disappointment for what should have been a slam dunk
Will Farrell loiters in the comfort of his signature punch-drunk delivery of outrageous lines and sight gags in a '70s era parody that extends the funk vibe of Judd Apatow 's summer comedy `` Superbad . ''
If you liked Will Ferrell 's previous comedies , you may like his new vehicle , which is poorly directed but recycles elements of the formula , now set in the swinging 1970s , conveyed through tacky fashion and especially bad hair .






@highlight

Semi-Pro is an intermittently funny , half-hearted attempt at sports satire , and one of Will Ferrell 's weaker cinematic efforts .