The movie succeeds as a savage and incoherent hallucination . As a story , not so much .
The closure Day of Reckoning offers Adkins ' character is as bleak and challenging a worldview as you 'll find in a contemporary American film .
It 's as if David Lynch collided with a truckload of martial artists and brawlers , and the resulting explosion created this strange , moody universe , full of odd sound cues ; shocking , dreamlike imagery ; and less flashy , more vivid fight scenes .
Hyams has created a truly unique object , a horror-action-flicker film about uniquely expressive bodies haunted by the minds and memories they are forced to house .
Day Of Reckoning is one of the most ambitious , experimental , and downright fascinating B-movie genre pieces I have seen in years .
It 's a far cry from what Van Damme and Lundgren were doing twenty years ago , but in the end this film comes off like a band that claims all of the ` right ' influences in interviews but ca n't synthesize good taste into work of merit .
Hyams ' film is steeped in the myopic lust for vengeance that fuels many B-actioners , but he brings a great deal more to the proceedings .
When it sticks to the fights , the thugs , and the attitude , it 's a pretty good time .
Aside from perhaps Jean-Claude Van Damme and Dolph Lundgren 's accountants , it 's difficult to say for sure who exactly has been calling for another entry in this francise .
Earns its stripes as one of those bad movies that 's so bad it 's good , in its bad way .
Several sequences of this gorefest , which is posed between hyperkinetic martial-arts mayhem and near-static moments of confusion and terror , have a gleeful virtuosity that nearly redeems its lumbering longueurs and generic splatter .
Day of Reckoning is an action movie that 's as much about each frame as it is about each punch and thwack and gunshot , not to mention that devastating black and white makeup job on Jean-Claude Van Damme 's bald head .
If Day of Reckoning shows off some of the freedom that comes with working in the DTV market , it also highlights its limitations .
I found the level of violence in the film repugnant and most of the characters irredeemable , disposable and forgettable . They are n't particularly bright , either . It has the artistic sensibilities of a slaughterhouse .
An actual great piece of brainy action cinema .
It 's a bad trip LSD-like movie you either love or hate , no in-between .
If you want a few well-done fights and you like Adkins , I ca n't completely recommend against it .
An entertaining Universal Soldier movie that dares to try something different .
Day of Reckoning , for lack of a better expression , ` goes there . ' But like the flight plan of a hijacked plane , it 's not necessarily my destination of choice .
As with all the films in the Universal Soldier series , this is mostly a catalog of increasingly brutal fights , which are the main attraction in and of themselves .
An arty action flick that 's almost worth watching . The odds of director John Hyams pulling off such a feat were only slightly worse than winning Powerball .
Day of Reckoning is somehow not just the best film in the series , but a damn fine piece of action filmmaking by any measure .
I 'd say this film hates women , but that 's too limiting . It hates everyone .
`` There ... is ... no ... end '' Van Damme announces in between blows . As a comment on the current film , I 'll agree . As a prediction - all I can do is shudder .
An intensity of purpose and a patient , suspenseful directing style make the B-movie `` Universal Soldier : Day of Reckoning '' superior to most of the big-budget action films I 've seen lately .
This bloody wallow in sweat , guns and fisticuffs - for those who swing that way - delivers .
The movie creates something of the sensation of huffing industrial solvents - in a good way ! - a waking-sleep zombification that ca n't exactly be described as pleasurable but definitely has an odd , distinct power .
Universal soldiers , it seems , never die , even if they deserve a slow and deliberate farewell .
Anyone who stumbles into `` Universal Soldier : Day of Reckoning '' unprepared is bound to leave shellshocked . Not just because of the movie 's brutal violence , but from the stunning realization that this grim franchise will never stop regenerating itself .
After five previous movies in the franchise , it may be time to lay down the weapons .
Superbly choreographed and filmed action sequences enliven this ultra-violent B-movie .
Universal Soldier : Day of Reckoning comes off feeling like the Alien 3 of the franchise , as it becomes , at times , far too nihilistic to be enjoyed .
So gruelingly violent you half wonder if director John Hyams ' goal is to make the audience get up and leave the theater rather than be party to the brutality .
Against the prevailing cheerlessness , these intensively choreographed fights , many shot in audacious , roving single takes , are like glimpses into a dream world .
It 's almost worth wading through the wearisome setup to get to the fun stuff . But there is a reason fast-forward buttons were invented .
A bloody free-for-all so gruesome , it makes Peckinpah look like Winnie the Pooh .
A mash-up of bad vid-game effects and giggle-inducing splatter-movie gore .
A throwback to a time when gratuitous nudity was the only kind of nudity , and when being a man meant dismembering another man
The grand finale is a series of what appear to be single-take sequences of bone-breaking , bullet-blasting violence , almost all of it presented with a practical-effects , minimal-CGI approach bound to impress genre devotees .
Incomprehensible .
Like a stiff Schwarzeneggerian conqueror making good on an `` I 'll be back , '' John Hyams returns to one-up the franchise again .
Hyams aims to bring a Heart of Darkness overlay to the proceedings , which is an inspired choice , especially for a movie series that once offered itself as summertime popcorn escapism .
Co-writer/director John Hyams has fearlessly taken the franchise in a whole new direction and pulls it off admirably .
Muscular , atmospheric and surprisingly scary .
A B-movie that 's often bloody , sometimes bizarre , but rarely boring .
High Van Dammage and premium Lundrenergy -LRB- -LRB- TM -RRB- Fred Topel -RRB-
Adkins , Van Damme , and Lundgren turn in far more compelling work than they did in their last film together , Expendables 2 , though maybe that 's not saying much .
The full-speed ahead testosterone of this thing would classify it as an illegal steroid if it were distilled into injectable form .
One of the best action movies of the year simply because it keeps hitting the right beats .

@highlight

The mooted final installment in the long-running series is a hyper-violent , often grim throwback to action movies of yore -- which will appeal to some audiences just as emphatically as it deters others .