Cory Finley uses the clipped dialogue of film noir to heighten the sense of menace .
Thorouhbreads is a story centered on the interaction of two characters that start as antagonistic to end up being viciously complementary .
Comparisons to Heathers and American Psycho going around are n't too apt ... It 's more like Heavenly Creatures meets Less Than Zero .
Taylor-Joy and Cooke are top-notch .
A Heavenly Creatures riff , though with much less imagination and far thinner psychology ...
`` The reason that Thoroughbreds works to the extent that it does - and the reason why it 's a ca n't miss movie even when it does n't fully succeed - lies in the interplay between actresses Anya Taylor-Joy and Olivia Cooke . ''
Brittle and very bleak , this black comedy -LSB- is -RSB- strikingly written and directed by newcomer Corey Finley .
It 's sharp . It 's clever . It features a delightful final performance from Anton Yelchin ...
Where 's this unlikely hybrid of Heathers and Equus all heading ? Somewhere improbable , melodramatic and not worth the effort , sadly .
Bored-little-rich-kid satire is frequently as shallow as its subject , but Thoroughbreds is as sharp as a paper cut . It draws blood .
Thank goodness , the film stays on track and Cooke 's character , especially , keeps on confounding us .
Elegant , cruel and precise in its commentary on the turmoil inherent in being a teenage girl , the film works brilliantly up until the final act , its mordant , manicured savagery heightened by a primal score .
Rare is the teen movie that works on its own terms while , at the same time , channelling a sophisticated adult classic .
Dripping with malice and deadpan wit , Thoroughbreds is overly mannered but often devilishly entertaining .
What a calling card for Cory Finley , and this could be the last outing for its leads before superstardom beckons .
No question , writer-director Cory Finley achieves his one clear goal , which is marking himself out as a name to watch .
A psychological thriller heavier on psychology than thrills , yet gripping from enigmatic start to chilling finish , Thoroughbreds is a remarkably accomplished debut from writer-director , Cory Finley .
A deliciously icy noir ...
It is Bret Easton Ellis out of Patricia Highsmith , and there 's also an interesting touch of Lady Macbeth 's murderous MO. .
This is a morbid and stylised comedy-drama which takes us to places where few other films about the growing pains of young Americans go near .
It 's a killing movie in all senses . It sways like a cobra preparing to strike ; and it is creepily , creepingly funny .
Remember the name Corey Finley . This fellow will go far .
Represents a surprisingly fresh take on the subject matter , in a film that is elegantly handled and extremely suspenseful .
Composer Erik Friedlander 's sumptuous , percussion-and-cello score ... either tumbles through the slick interior walls like fog or crackles through the air like static on a cold day .
I loved 90 percent of this film ... I loved every second but hated the ending .
A thought-provoking class fable dressed up like a high school horror movie with blackly comic tones .
Thoroughbreds is delivered generally in a prim , flat style that recalls the films of Hal Hartley and Whit Stillman ... Finley is interested in the dark corners of psychology where malice and desire converge , and he generates a surprising amount of tension .
Audacious . Shows remarkable confidence walking the tightrope between grim humor and provocation . First funny , then chilling , then sad .
Watching Thoroughbreds , one is fully aware of the debt it owes to the similar films that came before it . But that does n't make it any less enjoyable to watch . Female friendship has never looked so deliciously dangerous .
Finley gets terrific performances from Yelchin , Cooke , and Taylor-Joy all .
Do yourself a favor and see Thoroughbreds , especially if you like to see something new . Like the best candy in the world , the story is darkly sweet .
A rather unremarkable debut ...
First-time writer-director Cory Finley has produced the kind of picture that film festival audiences and high-tone critics love to gush over , but which is in fact an artsy-fartsy crock .
Finley might have flipped the typical narrative arc of violence against women , but he fails to make the effects of that choice resonate .
I would argue there 's some humanity creeping around the edges of Thoroughbreds-and even a screwed up love story of sorts . You just have to remind yourself that all narrators are n't reliable .
Like Amanda , Thoroughbreds has a disturbingly self-aware quality ; it feigns normalcy , tricking us into thinking we know what to expect , only to withhold it .
It 's perfectly balanced , and a blast for those of us who prefer our teen angst with a body count .
These two hugging each other is the most unnatural screen act since that kid had sex with a peach in `` Call Me By Your Name . ''
Well-acted amorality tale explores youth , privilege , murder .
THOROUGHBREDS is bold , funny , tense and perhaps one of the most fascinating films of the year .
Cory Finley adds so many artistic flourishes in his impressive big-screen debut that you simply ca n't take your eyes off the proceedings or his stars -LRB- who are terrific -RRB- . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Profanity , etc. - also Available -RRB-
Thoroughbreds is dark , violent , twisty , sometimes funny and filled with scathing subtext on wealth , class and privilege .
Thoroughbreds is not for the faint of heart . It 's a psychological thriller that explores what human nature is capable of when drained of all empathy and remorse , surviving instead on practised smiles , crocodile tears and self-serving impulses .
This movie is truly messed up and I thoroughly enjoyed it .
Thoroughbreds testifies to just how easily the auspices of its rich environment can curdle into deceit and cruelty .
Features an intriguing premise and a pair of strong lead performance from up-and-coming actresses , but fails to capitalize on that premise .
For those seeking a wickedly dark little confection , Thoroughbreds should prove a diverting watch ; but those looking for anything deeper will find a lot left to be desired .
It works , but it 's cold . All the while I was watching Thoroughbreds , I felt removed from it .
The performances sing .
Beyond being terribly funny , it 's wild as hell and aggressively grotesque . What makes it feel so sinister , however , is the way Finley employs Aristotle 's unities .
`` Thoroughbreds '' is technically well made , with a camera occasionally moving almost imperceptibly in on characters and tableaus or striking an effective low angle perspective . However , style is not substance , and it suffers from its origins as a play .
Thoroughbreds is a terrific thriller that marries the mutually destructive tendencies teen girls can bring out in each other , with the claustrophobia of a chamber piece .
Any way you slice it , Thoroughbreds makes for a fine movie .
Finley does a lot with very little apart from the raw talent of his leads . If this is what he 's capable of as a first-timer , we should rightfully dread his follow-up .
A very well-performed film with fiercely funny moments , well worth the time on the big screen .
Cory Finley is as calculated and smart as his central characters , an exciting new talent that has made one of 2018 's finest debuts .
If you do n't mind your movies nasty , brutish , and slight , you could n't ask for a more delectable chocolate-covered razor blade .
It 's a testament to the twisted brilliance of Finley 's film that a scumbag drug dealer becomes its moral center .
Finley remains true to his vision , and it 's a thrilling spectacle to behold .
-LSB- Olivia -RSB- Cooke is the rare bird who can make even a young woman without a discernible conscience come across as oddly sympathetic .
Set in the opulent , WASP-y world of teen divas with killer instincts , Cory Finley 's deliciously depraved satire skewers an empathy drain that he sees as sadly emblematic of modern life .
Evaluated as a straight procedural , Thoroughbreds is neither especially inventive nor plausible . But it excels in characterization and performances .
`` Thoroughbreds '' is a delightfully nasty piece of work , a sharp , biting , dark teen comic-drama with an attitude to rival `` Heathers . ''
It 's mostly a joke that runs its course pretty quickly .
Remember the name Cory Finley .
Thoroughbreds was written and directed by first-time filmmaker Cory Finley , and for other amateurs it 's a masterclass in squeezing everything you can out of a small budget .
Spending 90 minutes with a pair of teenage sociopaths may not sound like your idea of entertainment , but these two are a peculiarly nasty pleasure to be around , in part because they seem utterly indifferent to either your presence or your approval .
An entirely artificial construct designed to please through a satisfying puzzle-like maze of words and incident ... its synthetic character and mannered style are more likely to frustrate than captivate .
Although there are a few missteps , the movie boasts a deliciously dark tone that makes for compelling viewing .
Thoroughbreds plunges you into an ice-cold bath of amorality , but debuting writer-director Cory Finley has such a command of details that you 'll laugh your way through the shivers .
The film is n't just good . It 's excellent , en route to a rabid cult following if not more .
Although the film is a bit too schematic in its updating of film noir , it also signals a talent to watch . And Finley elicits fine work from his cast .
For all the chatter and intrigue , Mr. Finley never settles on a point or theme .
First time writer/director Cory Finley wows with his technical prowess , cinematographer Lyle Vincent 's striking compositions and a provocative sound design , the film 's greatest asset , giving Finley 's work psychological edge .
A film full of twisted , despicable characters and savage wit ...
Despite some issues with widescreen urgency , the feature certainly is n't short on commitment , with stars Taylor-Joy , Cooke , and Yelchin doing a fantastic job getting into Finley 's writing .
Thoroughbreds feels undeniably slight at times , even unfinished . But it 's also a fun , sharp shock of a movie ; a poison dart with its own black little heart .
A fidget . An averted glance . An exasperated , darting look . These are the building blocks of noir , and `` Thoroughbreds '' is confident enough to establish Finley as a talent to watch .
Playwright-turned-filmmaker Cory Finley makes an impressive debut with `` Thoroughbreds , '' in which he makes us feel something for a character who ca n't feel anything at all .
Thoroughbreds is a film of exquisite style and deceptive substance .
More than a pure actors ' director , Finley shows himself to be a theater product with a strikingly clear cinematic vision .
It does grab and hold your attention , thanks to the frighteningly good rapport between Taylor-Joy and Cooke .
Thoroughbreds often feels like a very , very expensive B-movie , but it 's all reasonably watchable , thanks to the elegant cinematography and Cooke 's amusing way of playing teenage amorality .
Individually , these two young women are insufferable . Bored and suffering from rich white female priveleg-itis , they have distinctly first-world problems . But together , they 're perversely charming .
First-time director Cory Finley orchestrates the cloistered black comedy with veteran aplomb , and while that 's a testament to the filmmaker 's skill , the success of Thoroughbreds hangs entirely on the deft performances by Anya Taylor-Joy and Olivia Cooke .
You may surprise yourself ... when , in the final scenes , you realize just how much horror this writer-director and his excellent cast have convinced you to roll with , maybe even to accept as justified .
Newcomer Cory Finlay crafts a YA tale that will appeal to younger audiences - tweenies - who will appreciate the rebellious spirit of its lead characters .
The problem with Thoroughbreds is that a feature-length dialogue between two sociopaths does not make for very compelling drama , or comedy , for that matter .
Girls go bad in this intelligent black comedy .
It plays at times like a new take on Strangers on a Train in which both parties commit to unspeakable acts without any reservations .
It starts out strong but ends up basic , lacking the complexity of `` Heavenly Creatures '' or even `` Wild Things . ''
A vicious satire of the upper class and its discontents , `` Thoroughbreds '' paints a dark picture of a generation that , because it has been denied nothing , has come to value nothing .
While late actor Anton Yelchin serves as the third lead of Thoroughbreds , his performance is a reminder of how much was lost when his life came to a tragic ending .
Cory Finley 's screenplay is full of sharp , exactingly timed exchanges whose rat-a-tat rhythms exert a spellbinding pull , even if the dialogue at times comes off as artificial and mannered .
Thoroughbreds consistently defies expectations thanks to a sharply written script that balances reprehensible characters with poignant themes to observe ; Anya Taylor-Joy and Olivia Cooke pull off this tricky and bizarre dynamic
Snappy dialogue of the kind favored by David Mamet is its strong product .
Bet the farm on `` Thoroughbreds . ''
It 's a well-told version of an oft-told tale .
Thoroughbreds is stealth noir where both of its heroines are the femme fatale .
'' -LSB- An -RSB- effed up tale of friendship for the ages . ''
It 's like the beautiful sociopath child of American Psycho and Heavenly Creatures .
Both of these girls are so endearing . Amanda is a provocateur . Lily is repressed and suppressed so wants to come out of her shell . Lily is inquisitive to Amanda 's exploits .
The movie constructs an attractive gun , but hesitates on pulling the trigger . As a result , it often lapses into listlessness .
This one should be sent to the glue factory .
Perhaps a little too cold and calculated , Thoroughbreds is dark , but lacking in real bite . A fairly impressive beast then , but not a race winner .
If `` Heathers '' was more artsy and minimalist , you 'd get Cory Finley 's finely attuned Thoroughbred
A unique , resourceful thriller that seems compelled to never quite go the way you expect it to .
One of the most assured and impressive American debut movies of the year .
-LRB- Thoroughbreds -RRB- makes Heathers look like The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants .
-LSB- Thoroughbred -RSB- manages to pull off the tricky feat of keeping the audience engaged with very disengaged characters
As a portrait of teenage sociopathy - whether real or affected - it 's a worthwhile and delightfully misanthropic watch .
After all of the pre-festival furor this year , it was a wonderful surprise to have such a powerful , female-centric story as my first film out of the gate .
For all its clear theatre-bound roots , Thoroughbreds never once feels stagey . -LSB- Cory -RSB- Finley makes audacious cinematic decisions .
Thoroughbreds is handsome , occasionally intriguing , but mostly empty -- the kind of movie where people are too busy falling over themselves applauding its polish and performances to notice that their prize winner never gets out of the starting gate .
Thoroughbred is light on story , and could probably use a little padding out ... but it nonetheless impresses with its mordant humor and grim , gliding style .
Corey Finley 's Thoroughbred is an espresso shot of the sort of the pitch-black comedy that Hollywood has become afraid to touch .
Tense and tightly coiled .
A razor-sharp horror/satire that plays like an update of Heavenly Creatures for the era of the Kardashians .
Thoroughbreds , in other words , has been made with diabolical craft and intelligence , the kind that marks director -LSB- Cory -RSB- Finley as a major new American talent .
Cory Finley came in hot with his first film . With THOROUGHBRED , the writer and director has delivered a stylish , eerie psychodrama about that most vexing of subjects : teenage girls .
It 's Cory Finley 's sleek and stylish visual language that makes Thoroughbred a must-see , and one of the best surprises out of Sundance .
A wickedly sharp , funny , and suspenseful look at the thin divide between our emotions and our actions .
Finley ... combines a gift for tart and taut dialogue with a natural cinematic flair that heightens the drama .
First-time director Cory Finley makes a bold arrival with the pulpy , twisty psycho-thriller Thoroughbred .

@highlight

Thoroughbreds juggles genres with panache , delivering a well-written and refreshingly unpredictable entry in the teen thriller genre .