Although depicting the founding of National Lampoon as well as the making of ` Animal House ' and ` Caddyshack , ' two movie comedies now beloved by fans throughout the world , this film seems jumbled and hard to follow .
Comedy writer 's success and sorrow ; drugs , sex , cursing .
A Futile And Stupid Gesture is , ultimately , anything but pointless , exploring an important moment in pop culture through the life of a man who captured its essence as well as the people who made him an institution .
For those unfamiliar with the details , there 's a neat narrative curve ball in the final act . Stupid : For sure . But futile ? Hardly .
An irreverent , entertaining biopic ...
An alternately funny and poignant rampage through National Lampoon history
The sad-clown image may be a cliché , but there 's nothing trite about this movie 's handling of Kenney 's story .
In the hands of another director , this film might have felt procedural , but Wain adds in the asides and inside jokes and fourth-wall-breaking that made WHAS so unique .
While he fails to unearth anything new , Wain gets by on enthusiasm , creating a valentine to the magazine and its love of anarchy .
A move that , if nothing else , shockingly abandons the traditional rags-to-riches-to-rags-to-redemption four-part trajectory to which nearly every biopic slavishly adheres .
The result is a colorful , crazy , and occasionally tasteless movie . One suspects that Doug Kenney would have approved .
A subtle reminder that the Left would destroy National Lampoon if it came of age today .
It 's genuinely shocking how un-funny this movie is .
Most biopics are not good , and guess what .
There 's a sense that the filmmakers have bitten off more than they can chew by trying to cram both the biography and the panoramic overview into one feature .
Three food fights and a funeral .
However fitting that a film about a man at existential odds with himself is itself at odds with its essential components , `` A Futile and Stupid Gesture '' could still have benefited from a bit more punch-up .
The movie premises chronic insecurity on an older brother 's childhood death . But it fails to connect such simplified psychology with his ticklish funny bone . It 's lax on contextualizing the anti-establishment National Lampoon 's very establishment roots .
A Futile and Stupid Gesture feels like a quick tour of a man 's greatest hits that relies on his accomplishments , rather than any storytelling artistry , to impress the audience .
It 's way too reverent a portrait of the irreverent men of the National Lampoon .
A thoughtful yet playful biography about an unsung comedy genius .
-LSB- Will -RSB- Forte is very good at conveying Kenney 's talent and his sadness , but I wonder how many viewers who are n't old Lampoon fans are going to sit all the way through this wiseguy reproduction of a time gone by .
While there 's a bit of hero worship going on that deflates the piece , and Wain 's direction is surprisingly uninspired , the biggest problem is the script that tries to cover too much ground .
A Futile and Stupid Gesture does right by the late genius of Doug Kenney .
Kenney and Beard are friends and business partners who experience the ups and downs of their creative partnership , but like many things in `` A Futile and Stupid Gesture , '' their relationship feels like a glossy version of the truth .
While Wain has developed an immunity to the biopic 's blustery pretension , he 's not so wary of the form 's more superficial shortcomings .
The only aspect of it that I found I could focus on with even a modicum of interest was Will Forte 's sideburns .
It 's to A Futile and Stupid Gesture 's credit that it manages to have a widespread appeal , and will likely be an enjoyable viewing experience for both those already interested in the history of comedy and those who may know next-to-nothing about Lampoon .
`` Futile '' lies haphazardly between funny and not , as comedies about comedy tend to do .
An impishly meta cartoon that manages to squeeze in some serious themes - although I 'm not sure it leaves you with more than a desire to read -LRB- or reread -RRB- Kenney 's most famous Lampoon works .
Forte captures Kenney 's deadpan comedic insanity and his wry humor , but also conveys the sense of melancholy and emotional restlessness plaguing Doug .
Maybe this is exactly the biopic that Kenney would want , silly and bittersweet and laced with regret . Unfortunately , the film is just good enough to convince us that he deserved better .
It serves as a useful explainer to viewers who are n't comedy nerds as to why the most sought after job by Harvard grads , after doctor or lawyer , is a writing gig on `` The Simpsons . ''
David Wain has made the hilarious and irreverent movie that National Lampoon deserves .
A conventionally raucous biopic that knows it 's conventional and hopes to get away with said convention by occasionally breaking the fourth wall to goof on its deployment of these hoary tropes .
There 's a musicality to Wain 's direction that 's addicting , and the emotional punch in the final five minutes proves there 's a future for the filmmaker that goes way beyond the yucks . In that respect , A Futile and Stupid Gesture is anything but that .

@highlight

A Futile and Stupid Gesture entertainingly recreates the birth of an influential comedic movement , even if it struggles to cover its creative ground .