If there was more vision on the front end , with more thought put into shot composition and less adherence to trendy , attention-deficit filmmaking , Weirdsville might have been an innovative indie gem
Neither as funny nor as serious as it ought to be .
Chainmailed flail-wielding midgets chasing Satanists chasing druggies - Allan Moyle has gone for the grown-up panto approach .
It 's wacky , it 's zany , it 's loopy , it 's freaky , it 's daffy - but alas , not the most important one , which is `` funny '' .
Only a trio of bungling Satanists prevent it ending up in routineville .
Anarchic and low budget , make sure you take along your bong .
Allan Moyle 's stoner heist movie is a meandering dud .
It 's pretty amusing stuff - though it could have been a lot funnier if they had resisted the temptation to shoehorn in quite so many plot twists .
A pleasingly gonzo black comedy pitched somewhere between Rosencrantz And Guildenstern Are Dead Stoned and Dude , Where 's My Crack ?
A quirky , amusing caper that should n't work , but somehow does .
Weirdsville is an enjoyable screwball crime thriller with a witty script , inventive direction and superb comic performances .
Director Allan Moyle travels a quirky road too often trod by aspirant indie pics .
The script has the substance and the slacker leads have the chemistry , but the execution fumbles the tourniquet , failing to find any rich vein of wackiness .
The paper-thin characters make it feel less like a rounded feature and more like a TV pilot with the promise of more adventures to come .
Funny , well-acted nonsense . The best kind of quirkiness .
... it 's piffle , but reasonably entertaining piffle , which ai n't nothin ' to sneeze at nowadays .
One of the most unlikable films of the year .
I was laughing well into the film 's third act , when most films stop being funny .
I kept wishing for a rewrite that sent the Satanists packing and pulled the love story hiding within Wennekers ' script to the fore .
Half-funny and half-obvious , Weirdsville gets a little tiresomely silly , but Bentley still has a glare that burns through metal , and his rapport with Speedman is agreeable .
At the very least , one would hope that enough of the talent agents , managers and producers currently using heroin properly tap the vein of Bentley 's terrific performance .
Like a joint that waits to kick in until after Dumbo 's pink elephant dream sequence has already unraveled .
Yes , parts of it are actually funny , and there are plenty of giggles throughout , but everything seems like it was done paint-by-numbers .
Director Moyle -LRB- Pump Up the Volume , Empire Records -RRB- keeps a sure hand on the proceedings as the film blends comic events with surreal visions and adrenaline-fueled action -LRB- and editing -RRB- .
A second-rate Trainspotting .
You do n't have to be stoned to watch Allan Moyle 's latest small-town escapade , but it might help .
Dark and devilishly clever , director Allan Moyle 's Weirdsville is a twisted caper comedy .
Moyle is as deft a craftsman as ever , utilizing the widescreen frame to create a number of elegant , vibrantly colorful images that give the film a bright , bubbly energy in spite of the violence at its core .
Moyle shows great control over most of Weirdsville , taking joy in Willem Wennekers 's screenplay by submerging the action in accelerated colors and embracing the slapstick nature of it all .
The film jumps around following the misadventures of the characters , and the whole enterprise comes to be frenetic and convoluted rather than pleasingly impudent .
This absurd crime odyssey has so much gonzo enthusiasm that it 's impossible not to enjoy .
A cleverly constructed , capably crafted and often uproarious shaggy-dog black comedy .

@highlight

Though it can be confusing at times , Weirdsville is funny and quirky in equal measure .