A cringe-worthy crude comedy that has more bark than bite .
Heartless , brainless and unable to do anything with what it does have to offer , Old Dogs does n't know who it 's for or what it 's offering . It just needs to get made because people have to have something to do . Spare yourself and your kids .
John Travolta and Robin Williams are no strangers to shamelessness . But not even they can walk away from `` Old Dogs '' with a shred of dignity - a mean-spirited , insulting `` family '' film that essentially pees down its leg and calls it comedy .
Featuring a mixed-up-medication gag , a guy-in-a-gorilla-suit gag and a suntan-gone-wrong gag ... well , you begin to understand the level of inspiration that went into the execution of the film .
Um embaraço para todos os envolvidos - inclusive o público .
It 's aggressively awful , and manages to push its worst gags so numbingly off the scale that we 're left slack-jawed in disbelief
A trip to the vets is needed , to have this dog of a movie , quietly put down .
The jokes are played painfully safe and not even the fleeting presence of a few a name faces detracts from the sheer inanity of the plot and outright creepiness of the film 's central pairing .
Both Williams and Travolta mug furiously and the kids need locking up .
-LSB- Travolta and Williams -RSB- engage in a torrent of slapstick set-ups that are neither witty nor funny .
You 've never experienced horror until you 've seen Robin Williams in a Speedo getting a spray tan .
A slapdash embarrassment of feeble age gags and cultural stereotypes , Old Dogs is at once crass , corny , amateurish , insulting , uninspired , deeply phoney and extraordinarily unfunny .
It 's perhaps wise to avoid this movie at all costs .
Old Dogs is a milestone in the -LSB- Travolta 's -RSB- career , the moment when he trumped Battlefield Earth to make the worst film of his life .
At the screening I attended I did n't hear one person laugh , though I did hear plenty of involuntary sighs and groans , some of them emanating from myself .
Dumb and painfully unfunny .
The pickings are slim going on invisible .
Most repellent is the undercurrent of homophobia , the brutal cultural stereotyping and the fact that Travolta looks like a man wearing a slightly melted rubber John Travolta Hallowe'en mask .
This is easily the worst film of the year so far , and frankly last year too . It is embarrassingly , painfully unfunny .
This is imbecilic hooey of the rarest breed .
Which is better , a soulless life of work and striving for money , or a joyous embrace of family and kids in all their gorgeous life-affirming messiness ?
Being a film critic is a wonderful job , but there are weeks when the bad film delirium strikes and we 'd all be better off in straitjackets .
Utterly abysmal , entirely laugh-free and hideously embarrassing .
Despite showing some potential as commentary on ageism , the light-hearted comedy often flounders in the formulaic and a premise that is more complicated than it needed to be .
It 's a two-ton nuclear warhead of aggressive lameness , a hard , pounding rain of flop sweat and triteness and depression .
A Travolta family effort for laughs through blatant illogic and human behavior that has no link to the real thing .
Old Dogs ' astonishing lack of laughs remains its biggest deficiency ...
The old dogs of the title may refer to the not quite senior citizen leads , but it 's a more apt description of the shopworn and laughless jokes occupying this woofer of a comedy .
Those expecting new tricks or even vaguely inventive laughs from Old Dogs or its two waning stars should heed the obvious cliche .
The movie is never remotely funny , but it excels at being creepy .
Scat happens , man , ' John Travolta and Robin Williams tell each other , when they realise the ` scat ' they have smeared over their faces at an outdoor adventure camp is , in fact bear poop ... Bear poop looks good , by comparison .
Getting your uvula pierced would be less painful than watching Old Dogs .
A weary hound of a movie .
Old Dogs is -- quite simply -- the nadir of filmmaking .
It ai n't as bad as you heard . I laughed a few times . Travolta and Williams are amusing .
Nobody taught these `` Old Dogs '' any new tricks for this seen it all before film
Add scary music , and some scenes could come straight from a horror movie , with no need for re-editing , as when Williams is trapped in a tanning booth , or when Williams slams a car trunk 's lid onto a woman 's arms , like Terry O'Quinn did in ` Stepfather 2 . '
It 's kind of a funny story . Actually it is n't . And not much in this movie is , unless you like to watch elderly dogs urinate , middle-aged movie stars overact wildly , and Seth Green get hit in the groin by a golf ball .
Why do once great actors attach themselves to a dog of a picture like this ? Surely they still have standards ? Alas , their judgment seems to be fading ...
The dearth of laughs in this unspeakably awful comedy borders on embarrassing at times .
Here 's a Thanksgiving turkey that was rancid as soon as the idea was cooked up .
Really , what it affirms is that studio executives are already making movies for the future-audience from Idiocracy .
With John Travolta and Robin Williams mugging as best buds who care for two 7-year-olds , this stinky mutt of a movie pees on your leg and tells you it 's comedy .
`` Old Dogs '' also wants to entertain the adults in the audience . Frankly , any adult who finds this film humorous may be at the same level of intelligence as their child and someone should call child services immediately .
Let 's hope that kills any chance for another film of this ilk , probably called Cool Frogs or something horrid like that .
Travolta and Williams have been around long enough to know that when doing comedy , sometimes ` less is more . '
Based on the quality of its script , ` Old Dogs ' should have been put to sleep before the cameras started rolling .
A painfully unfunny attempt at comedy filled with lazy , juvenile , forced humor that 's an insult to everyone 's intelligence .
a strong cast fighting a script that is labored , stale , and obvious
Might be best just to let these sleeping Old Dogs lie . This incredibly loony comedy sort of demeans everyone involved .
Like rancid leftovers , this bland , contrived comedy is a toxic turkey , a buddy/family film gone wrong .
Old Dogs is beyond saving . The only humane thing to do is to put it down .
This imbecilic , mean-spirited farce , which sneers at adults , leaves you wondering : where are the Three Stooges when we really need them ?
This excruciating comedy tests the limits of how many shots to the crotch a movie can show , or an audience can absorb .
Incredibly dull and generic .
Clueless-dad comedy is forgettable family fluff .
An often riotously funny slapstick farce that ought to appeal to moviegoers of all ages .
A slack , sagging 88 minutes still feels rushed , with what must have been scenes trimmed down to micro-blip montages , and a final scene playing out over the credits ; it feels like even the people making Old Dogs wanted to be done with it .
Exactly as funny as you 'd expect a movie to be that stars John Travolta and Robin Williams as two bachelors who must suddenly take care of precocious 7-year-old twins , and that was directed by the man who made Wild Hogs .
We have reached a point in our moviegoing life where the two most horrifying words a studio can mutter are `` Robin '' and `` Williams . ''
Old Dogs does n't just roll over and play dead , it is in fact lifeless .
Old Dogs does to the screen what old dogs do to the carpet . It 's unfortunate that only the latter can be taken out and shot .
The great thing about comedy these days is that few people are making movies like Old Dogs .
Unfunny and uninspired , this dog deserves to be put down .
Kids who suffer from progeria may be able to relate to Old Dogs , but it 's hard to imagine anyone else fully appreciating it .
Director Walt Becker ca n't even pull off hits to the groin -LRB- you know they 're coming in a movie like this -RRB- with as much panache as an episode of America 's Funniest Home Videos .
The ploy of pairing John Travolta and Robin Williams , whose salaries probably represented most of the budget , is the only pedigree Old Dogs has going for it .
As if to compensate , `` Old Dogs '' continually cuts away from Williams ' antics to `` cute '' reaction shots from an actual old dog . That 's a really bad sign for a movie .
The timing of the comic set-ups is consistently amateurish , as if scenes were edited with hedge clippers , with the actors mugging frantically , waiting for the take to end .
Only the irrepressible Luis Guzmán , stuck in a walk-on bit as the stereotypical mooching Hispanic , is able to milk this cash cow and exit with his dignity intact .
Painful .
A total train wreck .
Old Dogs is no fun whatsoever , just a collection of stale kibble .
Director Becker treats the comedy in Old Dogs the same as if he were treating a case of mange : Apply two gags , rub in liberally , and call in the morning with the box-office totals . Aarf .
Old Dogs seems to have lingered in post-production while editors struggled desperately to inject laugh cues . It obviously knows no one will find it funny without being ordered to .
So wretched that it should be unceremoniously put down .
Parental Content Review
Though no animals were harmed in the making of Old Dogs , the lead actors were defanged . But like a pair of Labradors , they have a playful rapport .
At least Luis Guzman and Dax Shepard were smart enough to avoid being credited for their roles in it .
... the family comedy of the season .
endlessly , excruciatingly un-funny non-comedy
Racist , juvenile and nonsensical .
There 's something in the way that Old Dogs is brazenly , proudly lazy that makes it truly reprehensible
-LSB- A -RSB- sorry mess , a mangy , flea-bitten comedy of Daddy Day Care caliber .
It is an irredeemable affair .
... a morass of cliche , crotch shots and utter disregard for both logic and the audience . Walt Disney and poor Bernie Mac must be turning over in their graves .
A flawed but likable piece of fluff with zany antics and earnest sentiment to spare . Its infectious energy and naively big heart gradually win you over .
A spastic , noxious comedy , Old Dogs is scattershot and out of control , bludgeoning the audience with all sorts of eye-bulging mugging and dire cliché . It 's insufferable and lazily directed .
If Old Dogs is n't the absolute worst movie either star has appeared in , it 's close enough to count .
Largely forgetting the kids as it subjects its stars to one humiliation after another , Old Dogs does n't even have the courage to commit to its familiar but serviceable premise .
A cheesy chew-toy of a comedy about reluctant fatherhood .
Predictable as the premise is , Travolta 's and Williams ' unpredictability makes for some chortle-worthy slapstick , less of Laurel & Hardy vintage than of Abbott & Costello swill .
Williams is encouraged to supercharge his silliness , Travolta plays straight man and the kids are relegated to background noise .
There are some experiences no one should be subjected to even in the name of science . It may be that forced viewing of this film has been outlawed by the Geneva Convention .
Insipid , predictable , broad comedy mixed with Disney Family Values makes for one exasperating sit .
The movie includes an interminable scene of the men taking the wrong medications for their various boomer ailments , with weirdly horrible comedic side effects .
There are no new tricks in Old Dogs , a broad and frenetic family comedy which puts John Travolta and Robin Williams together with two cute kids in a cozily predictable family-comes-first scenario .
In the first scene , we find out that Williams-Bot does not feel comfortable around children , because he kicks a soccer ball at a child and breaks the child 's nose ! This is very funny .
Does no one know how to film physical comedy anymore ?
Too bad this shrilly tuned comedy does n't demand more than clock-punching effort from everyone involved .
Director Walt Becker 's film goes for humor and heart , achieving neither .
Disposable but inoffensive .
A great opportunity to gather family members you clearly think are stupid .
If Old Dogs were a person , I would stab it in the face .
Trashing Old Dogs is a bit like kicking a puppy . But here goes .




@highlight

Its cast tries hard , but Old Dogs is a predictable , nearly witless attempt at physical comedy and moral uplift that misses the mark on both counts .