What saves Ratchet & Clank , and keeps it entertaining for us jaded adults , is its fast pace : the movie keeps serving up its goofy space-opera action at a decent clip and there 's never a chance to tune out .
It 's super loyal to the video game ... but it was almost to the point where it always only for the people who like that franchise . It does n't really do a lot to explain the world that it 's in .
A subduedly mediocre animated film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Ratchet & Clank fulfills everything you might expect from one of the games in the franchise , but I was fascinated seeing how unsatisfied that left me when I did n't have a controller in my hand .
The humour has n't translated well and the cheapo music seems to have been ripped straight from a pS2 disc .
Does n't re-invent the wheel , but it does allow for an entertaining science fiction adventure with neat character designs and memorable bits of action .
Ratchet and Clank tries for snarky self-awareness , but the animated film offers very little in terms of story or characters .
A light but well executed comedy with decent animations and good message for kids . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
One of the most horrible animated films of the last decade . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A faithful video game adaptation , but a heavily generic film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Not wretched and clunky , at least , Ratchet & Clank adapts the Playstation game but feels more like a candy-coloured circus act , full of clowning-around and furry things but signifying , well , not much .
In addition to the generic science-fiction backgrounds , the characters all look to have been sculpted from the same brightly coloured dough . They have bounce but not much personality ; it 's the Megan Fox of animation .
The film 's self-awareness does n't extend to the plot , which is a cliched mess .
How did this junk ever escape from the Cartoon Network ?
Young children might be transported to this galaxy , but parents will be wishing they were back in Zootopia .
You 're better off picking up a controller and directing your own story .
Young gamers might not mind all the competing colours and sounds , but their parents might need a stiff drink in a dark room afterwards .
Ratchet & Clank has built decades of goodwill , but even that ca n't change the blatant fact that this is a belated cash-in on a series that passed its expiration date years ago .
The Ratchet & Clank video game series goes for easy brand extension on the big screen , repurposing old parts and plots in a space adventure that shows few signs of creative life .
Ratchet & Clank has moments of humor , but is undercut by a generic story and thin characters that fail to leave a meaningful impact .
Derivative , stale and tacky - do n't bother ...
Everything about this computer animation appears cheap and tacky .
Those who are curious about what Ratchet & Clank has to offer are better off picking up a controller and experiencing the adventure for themselves . It 's certainly going to yield a better time than this forgettable misfire .
... strains to be hip and clever as it crams every frame with visual and aural chaos at the expense of compelling characters or narrative coherence .
Ratchet And Clank lives up to its name , as those are the sounds your mind will make when trying to wrap your head around how this movie got made in the first place .
It 's tough to understand why this adaptation is happening now , but parents looking for a matinee outing for their young ones could do a lot worse than this .
It jostles along an action-packed 94 minutes that look and feel no different from the titles upon which it 's based .
The repetition did n't bother me . I just was hoping we 'd get some new twists and more original storytelling this time around .
It 's a setup for an underdog buddy comedy with potential , but Ratchet and his robo-pal get lost in the shuffle of the film 's plot .
There 's a fair amount to appreciate about `` Ratchet & Clank , '' especially its desire to send up the genre conventions at play here . It 's a shame , then , that the movie ultimately finds itself becoming so conventional .
The sort of movie where characters are n't so much developed as merely designed and then plainly labeled , defined solely by physical appearance and descriptive monikers .
Feels like watching four episodes of a Saturday morning cartoon mashed into a feature-length film .
Keeps the basic charm of the source material , fitting snugly in the tier of movies for kids located somewhere just below Pixar .
Video game-based sci-fi adventure is fun but forgettable .
Even kids may get testy watching what amounts to 90 minutes of product placement .
The whole thing becomes equivalent to watching a video game , only without the fun of actually getting to play it .
... this uninspired and sadly dated animated adventure is out-classed by most of the family films released over the last few years .
What made for great dialog in a videogame in 2002 makes for cliche in the midst of an animation renaissance in 2016 .
Everything about the story and its characters feels derivative of things good and bad that I 've seen over the decades in other films . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Scary Stuff , etc. - Also Available -RRB-
The ensuing adventure lacks the storytelling smarts of Pixar and the computer animation is n't exactly cutting edge , but the action is lively and colourful enough to keep young kids engaged .
Children will be entertained , and parents wo n't regret tagging along .
Core fans used to the duo 's style and humor will be pleased , others need not press start .
My 8-year-old loved it . But he would eat dinosaur-shaped chicken nuggets for every meal if I let him , so let 's not consider his opinion .
Ratchet & Clank is similar to Kung Fu Panda or Megamind if they took place in a run of the mill sci-fi universe . The animation is bland , the writing is flat , and the entire experience will be forgotten as soon as you leave the theater
Hollywood 's spectacularly awful track record with video games remains intact with Ratchet & Clank , a computer-animated space adventure that constantly elbows the audience in the ribs with its forced humor .
Small fry will learn an important lesson taking in the recycled storylines of `` Ratchet & Clank '' : Like nearly all recycling , it 's garbage .
Overall , I ca n't help but feel disappointed that the movie does n't reach the heights of its video game companion .
It gets off to a strong start , with some odd humour and meta charm but as that dissipates it turns into a formulaic snooze fest .
It 's a story set in space . Where all you can hear is the screaming . And screeching .
If a joke 's worth flogging - or even if it is n't - it 's flogged to death .
Snappy dialogue and fast pacing keep things lively , but essentially , this is a video game you ca n't play , and a film that all but rabid Ratchet & Clank fans will find tough to watch .
Without the interactive element of a game to make up for the thin characterization and repetitive plotline , it 's all too generic and under-imagined .
It 'll fill a screen and kill 90 minutes if the kids have seen everything else - surely its biggest hope - but the ratio of hardware to heart badly needed another tune-up .
Far too derivative and frenetic to be a particularly good family movie , but kids under the age of ten or so should enjoy its nonstop pacing and silly gags-and as video game adaptations go , it 's less offensive than most .
It has little story to tell and few ideas to offer . Just a great deal of product to sell .
Probably less cinematic than the games from which it was cynically born .
So profoundly bad that it represents the worst of two entirely different mediums , Ratchet & Clank does n't blur the line between movies and videogames so much as it flushes them both in a toilet and watches as they swirl together down the drain .
Generic animated cash-grab .
Feels thoroughly mechanical , as if it should come with the type of amusement-park announcement that departing moviegoers should exit to the right , so the next group can take their seats from the left .
The film crams in jokes long past the point of relevance and often to outright distraction , if not annoyance .
It 's kind of sad that even at this level this is probably one of the best videogame film adaptations ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
More clunk than Clank .
In a golden period for both animation and children 's filmmaking , here is a head-splitting reminder of just how bad those two things can get .
Ratchet & Clank is an energetic , animated and colorful trip down memory lane aimed at the blurry-eyed fans who have carpal tunnel syndrome from all those hours playing the game .
A few jokes try to be clever -LRB- for example , there 's a Wilhelm Scream joke that your kids are n't going to appreciate -RRB- , but more often than not they keep it simple -- and sometimes stupid .
There 's just enough blaring sound and color to this knowingly silly tale of interplanetary derring-do to adequately offset its impersonal corporate sheen .
`` Ratchet & Clank '' will , in all likelihood , make the younger-than-10 crowd laugh - and everyone else cringe .
It 's cute and entertaining , in a Saturday morning cartoon kind of way , but this one is just for the kiddies , because anyone who has seen more than a 10-year-old 's worth of movies already knows the `` Ratchet & Clank '' playbook .
The charm of the game has mostly disappeared , the inspired wit replaced with goofy gags .
Could have been assembled entirely from clips from other movies - mostly the Star Wars prequels - and would have been better if it had been .
Like a lot of entertainment pitched at the family matinee audience , it sits at the zero point of watchability .
Stuffed with that snarky , sarky adolescent humour that so many modern screenwriters seem to mistake for wit .
The lack of scope for emotional engagement and unoriginal feel means it 'll likely be a distant memory by bedtime but , in the moment at least , this reasonably well-oiled enterprise has just enough spark .

@highlight

Ratchet & Clank may satisfy very young viewers , but compared to the many superior options available to families and animation enthusiasts , it offers little to truly recommend .