To get a franchise going , you need your own style , and this movie has n't an original thought on anything .
Anyone with even the slightest awareness of global politics will cringe at dialogue like `` No one cares about Africa '' and the notion that good old fashioned American cunning will always triumph , no matter how dire the circumstances .
For an adventure movie based on chase scenes in exotic locations `` Sahara '' never takes hold because director Breck Eisner and his team of screenwriters ca n't agree on what the story 's about or what tone should resonate against it .
The whole movie is a kick , actually .
A pretty offensive comedy about Africans who range from primitive to demonic that , sorry , is just not funny .
Vapid , lengthy , and mostly lifeless -- kind of like the desert it 's named for .
Sahara rather resembles National Treasure , another film with a strained story line and deadening lack of visual richness .
For `` Sahara , '' the problem is that we have the Indiana Jones movies to compare it to , and I 'm afraid there 's no comparison . It 's never more than a likable poseur .
It tried to be National Treasure and it failed .
The plotting is too complex for a generally stupid picture , but that did n't stop me from getting sucked in by director Breck Eisner 's nicely paced action sequences .
Like the African desert that lends the film its name , this so-called adventure is coarse , dry , and overheated .
Sahara 's biggest problem is twofold : the film 's subtle ideological bent is alarming , and , in the lead , McConaughey is only just barely tolerable .
With this strong of a cast this film should have been much better .
I ca n't figure out just what I did n't like about this film , but I know I did n't really enjoy it .
... like having a swimsuit full of sand .
... nobody could 've expected the unbelievable sense of dullness that 's permeating every aspect of the film .
Pity , because McConaughey is born to play Pitt . Whether his shirt is on or off -LRB- personally I prefer the later -RRB- the actor cuts a dashing figure .
A really , really dumb film , but it 's lots and lots of fun and entirely lacking in malice .
Just do n't go expecting complex moral and ethical quandaries and you 'll likely never think of Ishtar even once .
A hot-buttered popcorn flick that 's deserted by its writers in the last act .
Sahara is a movie with Indiana Jones aspirations that plays more like a low-rent 007 clone .
In one spit-take-inducing moment , our heroes convert a wrecked prop plane into a desert sailboat , which they race across the sand to the strains of ` Magic Carpet Ride . '
Cussler 's attempt to make his concept of an ironclad ship making its way from Richmond to the African desert is no more credible on film than on the written page .
jumps from plotline to plotline , stringing them together with a series of action setpieces that fulfill their obligations , but little more
Easy to look at and even easier to forget .
' ... best described as Tom Clancy meets Indiana Jones . '
On the occasional moment when McConaughey actually works himself up to being heroic , Sahara positively soars .
Despite the vast beauty of location settings in Morocco and Spain , the vast lack of chemistry between the two stars is appalling .
Sahara has lots of sound and fury trying to cover up for a hopelessly meandering story and a dull hero .
McConaughney plays the role of dashing adventurer Dirk Pitt as if he were a party-hardy frat boy who ventured out into the real world after all campus kegs were tapped dry .
Good-natured junk that amuses while it 's onscreen , and evaporates almost immediately afterward .
... an action adventure film , complete with implausible situations , and perfectly timed rescues and escapes . Who cares ? It 's still fun , exciting and thoroughly entertaining
. . a rollicking , wild adventure in which a very buff Matthew McConaughey , and his able sidekick , Steve Zahn , have more fun than any movie pair since Mel Gibson and Danny Glover
... will leave a parched sensation in one 's dry throat ... a recycled buddy-buddy vehicle that 's about as welcoming as hugging a cactus tree
While it does n't rewrite the genre , it finds a way to deliver with style and humor everything adventure fans want .
Sahara is many things , but it is not a movie . It is the skull-splitting cacophony of 21 producers and four screenwriters -LRB- that we know about , anyway -RRB- standing in the same room shouting into their cell phones .
Otherwise dismissive reviews of Sahara have been forgiving it on the grounds that it 's entertaining . Allow me to counter that opinion : No , it is n't .
It ai n't art , and it 's dumber than I 'd like , but I do n't imagine you were expecting Kieslowski .
Pitt seems to get by entirely on dumb ideas and reckless luck . In the end , he 's an action hero in name only .
It drove me crazy . It made National Treasure look like a documentary .
It would have worked better with a funnier and more believable script .
... the overriding lesson here is that if we do n't go looking to Matthew McConaughey for gravitas , we 'll probably have a good time .
The adventures are non-stop but reality gets buried in the sand .
-LSB- A -RSB- s delightful a bit of ... hokum as we 've seen in some time . You do n't take it seriously for a minute ... -LSB- Y -RSB- ou get a big bag of popcorn , sit back , and enjoy .
Has enough humor and adventure that I 'm almost willing to overlook the preposterous plot
Someone had the brilliant idea to treat Sahara as a Hope and Crosby `` Road '' picture pasted onto a James Bond/Indiana Jones plot .
Mindless , but fun and entertaining . It 's sort of James Bondish without the ridiculous special effects . I enjoyed it , mainly because of McConaughey and Zahn .
The mindless Sahara is smart enough to keep the action and wisecracks at a fevered clip .
Arid as the sand-covered dunes , `` Sahara '' is a made-for-TV flick disguised as the return of Indiana Jones .
While I 'd be happy to see another cinematic adventure for Dirk Pitt , I do n't ever want to see another Breck Eisner film in my life .
Like a lightweight novel suitable for beach reading , Sahara is mildly entertaining , but I ca n't recommend it .
From the opening civil war naval battle to the closing credits , I was glued to this film with non-stop action . Do n't miss it !
It 's a pleasure to see a potential franchise develop from such an unlikely source .
As popcorn goes , this one 's a value-size box .
A marginal adventure story from Clive Cussler 's freewheeling novel .
The key questions is : Can Matthew McConaughey make Dirk Pitt into another Indiana Jones ?
Boat chases , gunfights , and stunts galore
One of those action films that require the bad guys to be utterly inept marksmen and feature action sequences that are both implausible and difficult to follow .
In short , Sahara is a hugely enjoyable , old fashioned adventure movie of the sort that they really do n't make anymore . It 's worth seeing just for the chemistry between its three leads .
A stunning piece of work -- stunningly inept , stunningly incoherent , stunningly awful in every single way imaginable .
100 percent of its character development takes place in the opening credit montage .
McConaughey 's no Harrison Ford . And no one cracks the whip of originality .
A mediocrity wrapped inside a banality , toasted in a nice , fresh cliche .
You have to question the wisdom of optioning a Cussler book and hiring a pack of writers to transform it into generic drivel -- surely it would have been cheaper to commission original claptrap .
Unlike Raiders of the Lost Ark , which this movie wants so desperately to be , there 's nothing here to engage the brain along with the eyeballs .
Entertaining but flawed popcorn fare .
This one has everything : stereotyped characters , shaky camera work , absurdly inappropriate pop songs on the soundtrack , a confused tone , misplaced zaniness and a nonsensical story .
A silly and morally vacant movie .
Offers action-adventure as enjoyable as it is preposterous .
Just when the silliness seems too much , viewers get distracted by the amusing antics of a first-rate supporting cast .
Mostly , the movie seems to exist as an excuse to blow things up and rig massive stunts .
The movie is based on a novel by Cussler , who 's reportedly sued the movie on the grounds that he was promised and denied ultimate script approval . More 's the pity . He 'd surely have given us an ironclad ending .
Let 's hope today 's 10-year-old boys are n't too jaded by Matrix reruns to enjoy this for the good clean fun that it is .
McConaughey and Zahn 's casual interplay makes the film .
Productions this guiltlessly corny need real personalities to sell them , and unlike the dull National Treasure , Sahara has a few .
The one-liners , mostly bland , are used so liberally that they water down the action .
Eisner is not remotely up to the challenge . Spending millions on action scenes does not mean you get them right .
A mediocre action-adventure flick that 's compelling only for its strange mixture of B-movie elements and a completely hollow social consciousness .
The final product is more like a collection of genre clichés than a compelling story .
With Matthew McConaughey in the lead role , there is plenty of dash , lots of adventure and just enough sex appeal .
It 's about good ol' boys on a rip-snorting adventure , and to that end , it succeeds .
A couple of action scenes are a little less thrilling than promised , but McConaughey 's cowboy strut can sell the snake oil he 's peddling .
What little humor Sahara has is forced , and of the goofy , ` buddy-film ' shenanigans variety .
Stands as one more bit of throwback entertainment that 's better than I expected -- and not much more .
Dirk is less the `` adventurer '' of the novels than a very tanned , very bland former Navy SEAL/current treasure hunter/archaeologist , the average capitalist yahoo .
McConaughey and his co-stars make the case that fun , however fleeting , is still fun .
As action-adventures go , Sahara may not be as close to the tradition of Indiana Jones as it wants to be , but it is still slightly better than average .
Whatever it lacks in substance it makes up for in gloss , humor and thrills , and a good time should be had by all .
The filmmakers move between their two lesser plots with a motley assortment of plot holes , contrivances and fantastically preposterous leaps which grow more and more incredulous as the film progresses .
Good-natured enough to entertain here and there , but that otherwise loses its way long before the characters complete their implausible quest .
Then again , women still swoon with lust whenever McConaughey steps in front of the camera , no matter how rancid is the project he deems fit to appear in right now .
As barren as the actual Sahara , but without the grand lure , this movie is plain old stoo-pid ...
For a popcorn movie , it 's a bit stale .
Not quite as fun as `` National Treasure , '' but far better than Dennis Quaid 's doomed `` Flight of the Phoenix . ''
I enjoyed this movie on its own dumb level , which must mean -LRB- I am forced to conclude -RRB- in my own dumb way .
Is it cheesy fun or just cheesy ? Just cheesy .
With a running time of a few minutes over two hours , Sahara sputters along as slowly as a trek across the desert .
-LSB- M -RSB- ight actually be worthy of licking the boots of Raiders of the Lost Ark. . .
Sahara falls into quicksand and quickly disappears into the abyss that can only be described as Movie Hell . Only one word can describe this thing , baby : Craptacular .
Sahara is pretty to look at but lacks the adrenaline charge of the movies it 's so obviously trying to emulate .
Matthew McConaughey ... makes a bid to become the next swashbuckling matinee idol . Not that there 's much swash to buckle in the middle of the world 's largest desert .
For all its flaws , Sahara still works as a C + discount-matinee time-waster .
` National Treasure Lite ' ... a movie that would probably be perfect in-flight entertainment , or maybe even a decent video rental on a night when you 're in an undemanding mood .
Sahara is an Indiana Jones rip-off so dull that it gives me newfound respect for Cannon Films ' 1985 version of King Solomon 's Mines .
Sahara is one of those rare film that is sunk completely as a fault of the cast ... . It just goes to show that sometimes Hollywood gets its own formula wrong .
No one seems to know what they 're doing , or worse , much care .
This is what action movie should be ... Dirk Pitt is a hero who would make James Bond buy him a drink and make XXX wet his pants .
A little Indiana Jones , a little James Bond , a little Tom Clancy -- it all adds up to an action-adventure flick with little to distinguish it .
It 's nothing more than a mirage of fleeting potential and topless Matthew McConaughey shots .
Second-rate adventure .
A little inventiveness is one thing , but this movie strains credibility at every turn .
We get it , guys ... there 's a treasure in the desert ... just get to it already !!
Sahara wo n't be competing for any Oscars , but it is goofy , light-hearted fun .
The most exciting adventure based on a third-rate paperback and directed by the son of a movie mogul ever produced ! Which is to say , not actually exciting at all .
Sahara is n't exactly a prestigious Merchant-Ivory production , and it does n't pretend to be . Meet it on its level of entertainment , and a good time is sure to be had .
Sahara is such an enigmatic piece of filmmaking that it never settles on a tone and whose downtime in-between the action is going to ease audiences into a gentle slumber .
It 's no wonder the highly mechanized finished product feels so unfulfilling
Eisner shows himself to be a solid helmer of complex and beautifully staged action sequences with a sure ear for character interplay and an exact eye for glorious widescreen framing with nods to images from Lawrence of Arabia .
A testosterone-drenched escapade that misses because it lacks the tension to make it a thrill ride .
It 's a little hard to have silly fun when you are constantly being reminded that Hotel Rwanda and similar stories have been playing out down the road .
The casting is so strong and the overall filmmaking flair of the movie is so captivating that it basically works , perhaps even well enough to join its producer Mace Neufeld 's Tom Clancy adaptations as a major new movie franchise .
Getting the girl , finding the gold and saving the world from a plague are just afterthoughts here . The main objective is to have fun , and in that regard , Sahara accomplishes its mission handily .
Believable ? Nah . But when a movie is this fun , who cares ?
A largely entertaining version of Clive Cussler 's novel , with Matthew McConaughey delivering the goods as the adventurous Dirk Pitt .
Even the brain-dead National Treasure tried harder than this .
The movie , first preposterously entertaining and then just preposterous , makes James Bond films look as logical as Euclidean geometry .
We flip through the usual catalog of close-call explosions , firefights and chases in which the weaponry is as lovingly photographed as the bronzed McConaughey and gorgeous Cruz .
Feels like a carbon copy of the real thing .
If you like movies that are big , dumb fun , they do n't come much bigger -- and they certainly do n't come any dumber -LRB- or funner ! -RRB- -- than Sahara .
For people thirsty for the kind of sub-Indiana Jones adventure that used to pop up on your local UHF stations all weekend long , Sahara fills a real niche .
As dry and lifeless as its sun-burnt locale .
The plot flies in too many directions , and the derring-do stunts are ho-hum .
Spectacularly silly and perversely entertaining .
It may not be Raiders of the Lost Ark , but Sahara , the screen adaptation of Clive Cussler 's sprawling African adventure yarn , is a movie that keeps half a brain in its head while adopting the amused , cocky smirk of the Indiana Jones romps .
The secret ingredient that makes this handsome thriller so enjoyable is the chemistry between Alpha-male McConaughey and zany Zahn .
The film is passably entertaining , in no small part because of Steve Zahn .
The characters are too thin , the violence too careless , the suspension of disbelief required too strenuous , the treatment of non-whites too stereotyped .
Was Matthew McConaughey invited to the congressional hearings on steroids ?
Brainless ... but it 's also breathless . If the content is negligible and even puerile , the packaging is choice .
Mightily agreeable foolishness ... one of the few cases where the phrase , `` the book was better , '' actually does n't apply .
Travels down been-there-done-that territory , afraid to take chances and unaware of its own tedious mediocrity .
How seriously can you take a movie in which Penelope Cruz , wearing a bucket of eye make-up , plays a World Health Organization physician who investigates plagues ?
Although the movie is n't great , it is kinda fun .
When Sahara stops being about Dirk and Al 's misadventures and starts being about viruses and mass murder , it loses its way .
There 's no disguising the fact that Sahara has all the heft of marshmallow .
This is a Mystery Science Theater 3000 special .
Feels as plodding and fruitless as trekking the length of a desert on a pogo stick with a busted spring .
What it is is a big summer action movie that would have been hot stuff about 30 years ago but looks tired and worn today despite a perky , attractive cast that refuses to wilt in the desert sun .
A big , goofy , entirely disposable , tons-o-fun Hollywood Action Flick .
How many leaps of logic do you allow an action movie before that thin strand of suspended disbelief snaps ?
Clive Cussler needs to calm down and quit complaining . As silly , mindless pieces of entertainment go , Sahara is fine , and the perfect adaptation of a Cussler book .
The film 's greatest secret weapon is its hip , young cast .
A surprisingly fun action comedy with a cast that connects .
This perfectly distracting , ultimately unsatisfying film feels like a James Bond flick in which the stand-in got the lead .
If Sahara were n't quite so dumb , it might have been a lot of fun .
The whole concept is just too stupid to go along with , and would make the movie bad enough on its own if it was n't a contender for the most racist film ever made .
Steve Zahn rocks ! Though at times the film certainly stretches the believability factor , it is always engaging , always fun .
Insanely busy , exceedingly long , and sometimes endearingly preposterous .
This is a big , lively romp , filmed in a lushly expansive epic style even though it 's basically low-rent James Bond .
Highly entertaining romp from the pen of airport pulp king Clive Cussler .
A blockbuster played by action figures and written by children .
As Hollywood actioners go these days , this one 's quite tolerable in its guilty-pleasure way . Feel free to saddle up .
Breck Eisner 's youthful , fresh grasp of the high-adventure genre . This should have been his audition reel for helming 007/21 .













@highlight

A mindless adventure flick with a preposterous plot .