A truly funny animated bundle of joy , -LRB- pardon the pun -RRB- treat co-written and directed by Nicholas Stoller .
From Toady 's silly schemes to the movie 's hilarious silent-penguin battle , Storks is filled with a refreshing weirdness that makes it a demented delight .
A really cute movie about family and the importance of family ... and it 's really funny .
While the birds in the film take flight , the film itself never really gets too high off the ground ... .
What do you do if you 're a young parent and need about an hour and a half to entertain your little one with a cute animated flick that 's neither too long nor too short in duration ? Storks comes to the rescue !
It 's a film that never really flies , hampered by that complex premise , an annoying street-talking pigeon , and a voice cast that can never quite bring the thing to convincing life .
Parents will have to re-educate kids about where babies come from after they watch Storks , but facts aside , there is much cuteness that will make both young and old coo with delight .
At times , the pace is a bit too frantic for comfort , and the endlessly yammering Tulip is a tad exhausting , too , but the film 's surreal silliness will leave you smiling all the same .
Livelier and with a more pronounced streak of poignancy than the standard animation fare , Storks puts a clever spin on the myth of long-legged birds bringing babies into the world .
Awkward more than endearing .
Despite a good deal of chaotic action and visual overkill -LRB- nothing is small in this movie -RRB- , the story feels oddly thin and the running time feels padded .
It 's all very cutesy and the visual gags will keep the children happy , but there are no surprises .
Pre-schoolers may find it diverting but it 's all rather strange and unfunny .
Genuinely funny for all ages .
Fun , forgettable school-holiday fodder ... An enjoyable , disposable animated diversion .
Even though is a conventional animated film , is very charming . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This unexpectedly charming animation bursts out of the screen with an aesthetic that is a sugar rush of cuteness .
We expected better from the studio that gave us The Lego Movie .
Serves up a nonsensical plot , lots of bright colours and a raft of celebrity voices , but not much else .
Kids will enjoy the frenetic pace of the film , but grown-ups are left with a film depicting an even more over-populated Earth . . . without the fun of making babies the old-fashioned way .
Overall it 's bright and breezy enough to divert little ones - even if they do n't know what 's going on .
A popsicle-coloured , 3D cartoon with a pertinent , if somewhat hard to explain conceit .
An animated film that might fill a rainy afternoon , although its rather complex story and gag-a-minute zaniness seem to be aimed more at adults than kids .
There are some random funny moments but most of the time it feels manic , mirthless and lacking in charm .
It has the standard fast-paced snarky tone and too-frantic imagery , but the script is smarter than average , dropping deranged lines of hilarious dialogue into every scene .
The visual ingenuity is breathtaking .
A surprisingly enjoyable and inoffensive offering that ought to fit the family-viewing bill .
Even storks must move with the times .
Some wacky Tex Avery fun .
If The Secret Life of Pets was Toy Story with fur , then Storks is Monsters , Inc. with feathers and fewer laughs .
Perhaps it 's fitting that this story about babies has the attention span and grasp of logic of a newborn .
After softening you up with whatever the comedic equivalent of a triple somersault with a half pike and double twist is , it lands on its emotional target - we 're talking freely trickling tears - with a persuasive and satisfying thud .
It may not ever scale the heights of the brilliant Lego Movie , but Storks is a better-than-average family comedy that has enough to keep kids and adults entertained .
-LSB- Storks -RSB- has good intentions and is colourful and zany enough to score big with kids , but holds little for adult audiences .
What Storks has in comedic value it lacks in pathos , not quite carrying the emotional punch to correspond with the humour .
Small children might just find the film 's energy enough to please , but the plot-holes stop Storks from taking flight .
Stoller gets into the Warner Bros. spirit and goes for Looney Tunes-style comedy ... It 's occasional fun , but that 's about all , folks .
You 'll be smiling regardless of your age .
Obsessively , this movie returns us to babies as creatures of perfect cuteness . And so the story goes , milking bottle after bottle of sappy , nappy-happy baby sentiment . Storks just ca n't wean itself off its cheap-and-easy , fallback formula .
Storks is a film that , deep inside , talks about the need to feel part of something like friendship and family . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An animated movie that only relies on delivering one abrupt moment to another in order to keep the viewer awake . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The result is harmlessly exhausting .
Though there 's nothing actively offensive about the execution of Storks , there 's simply nothing compelling about it , either .
It 's all so colourful and action-packed , it 's easy to lose yourself in the empty distraction of it all . But that 's just Storkholm Syndrome : when you regain your wits on your way out of the theatre , you 'll realize Storks did n't fly at all .
Though its heart is certainly in the right place , Storks does n't hold much for anybody - and even its intended audience of youngish children might find it a bore .
` Storks ' answers the age-old question : Where do babies come from ?
An animated movie that slides between comedy , action and the intention of delivering a good message about friendship , parenthood , family and the possibility of facing your own fears to know your limits . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The myth of storks and babies , updated in a comedy that has touches of genuine emotion . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A family film this charming is always a treat .
If you 're a fan of Chuck Jones , you 're going to enjoy this movie . -LSB- Full review in Portuguese . -RSB-
If your child is old enough to know where babies come from , he or she is too old for Storks .
Funny and frantically-paced , a perceptive commentary on the changing aspects of family , wryly emphasizing the comedic aspects of parenting , stressing nurturing and compassion .
Storks will win you over -LRB- as -RRB- it 's absurdities pile on , one after the other .
This film takes as pretext the idea of storks delivering babies to talk about something more basic , simple but not that much : the family . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Storks is charming , if often nonsensical in its plot line and frenetic in its pacing .
Not every joke lands , nor is every heartstring tugged , but enough do to make ` Storks ' a success .
Junior and Tulip are a likable and funny duo with great comic chemistry , and like all contemporary cartoons , Storks ends with a nice lesson about the true meaning of family , which might even make you teary -- though probably not Pixar levels of teary .
Storks is an entertaining family film fueled by a series of powerful messages for everyone in the audience .
This baby buddy comedy offers a flock of high-flying fun . But filmmakers may want to issue a blanket apology to parents ... how are they going to explain where babies come from now ?
Harmlessly enjoyable ...
A quirky and subversive concept loses any meaningful substance amid all the 3D spectacle .
It 's nice to see an original spin on a classic yarn that does exactly what you want it to do : `` Storks '' never needed to be great , it just had to be a satisfying trip .
A broad comedy seemingly assembled by the Ani-Mated 9000 family film screenplay machine .
It has a fun and original idea , strong , familiar voice-over performances and some clever writing and execution .
An entertaining enough ride , and one I think my daughter will definitely enjoy soon .
Perhaps I 'm a bit out of touch , but does anyone really tell their kids anymore that the stork brings babies ?
The fact the new animated comedy Storks is anything other than absurd is hardly shocking ; that it 's as supremely entertaining , as messy and as nonsensical as it ultimately might be , certainly is .
It will likely leave a smile on your face , a possible tear in your eye , and a warm and fuzzy feeling all over . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Scary stuff , etc. - also Available -RRB-
Family comedy mixes moments of peril , sweet messages .
Most of the movie doubles down on the mania and lacing the sugar-rush sensation with an almost lysergic sense of silliness .
Storks is n't terrible ... it 's just too generic for a marketplace that 's often a site of genius .
`` Storks '' does n't talk down to its younger audience , but more importantly it does n't `` joke down '' either - the film is packed with rapid-fire dialogue , well-developed goofy comic ideas and terrific voice casting .
Good news , parents : Storks is bound to entertain you and your little ones . Bad news : Get ready to answer a lot more awkward questions about where babies come from .
Moving too rapidly and with too many twists , Storks places a convoluted adventure in a world where anthropomorphic storks deliver packages instead of babies .
Stoller has made the most amusing film of his career with this subtextual look at how modern corporate culture penalizes anyone wanting to become a parent .
Storks is a beautifully hilarious film that glides through comedy , action , and heartfelt emotion to deliver an immensely satisfying package .
For good-enough family fun , `` Storks '' delivers .
I think I 'd recommend Storks more highly for parents than children , because the mums and dads will definitely get the biggest laughs out of the film .
Storks delivers .
What it lacks in quality it more than makes up for in enthusiastic lunacy .
It elicited applause from adults and kids alike at a recent screening . I guess I must be allergic .
So full of graphic and narrative ideas that filmmakers forced in a supersonic velocity so all the footage could fit in a hundred minutes . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Directed by Nicholas Stoller and Pixar vet Doug Sweetland , Storks has lofty storytelling ambitions -- about staying true to yourself and the importance of family -- and it gets its message off the ground .
A far cry from the best the medium has to offer , but there are more proper laughs than usual here ...
The whole movie seems to be on fast-forward , with crushingly brainless dialogue , hollow imagery and no way of slowing down the febrile action or making sense of the chaotic plot .
`` Storks '' is basically what `` The Angry Birds Movie '' should have been . Likable , heartfelt and sweet in all the right places , Stoller has put together a charming surprise that 's as joyful and friendly as it is funny and well-meaning .
A harmless enough way to occupy a youngster for an hour and a half . It 's just not especially rich in extraordinary characters or moments .
The animated Storks delivers a happy surprise : a cartoon that starts with a clever premise and plays it through with well-executed humor .
A minor product in the increasingly expanded universe of children 's animated cinema . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Less enjoyable than making a baby but more enjoyable than raising one , the animated feature `` Storks '' delivers a bouncing bundle of blah .
Maybe it 's not the worst thing in the world that Storks does n't take many cues from Pixar 's tear-jerking playbook .
When it comes to laughs , warm family bonding , and the power of cute babies , Storks delivers .
Clever jokes and cute moments mostly make up for the contrived story .
`` Storks '' delivers its package , but it 's a bundle of just-okay , not joy .
Storks flutters like a bird with a broken wing -- it never quite gets off the ground .
My goodness , Storks is a strange movie . It 's also a bad one , and a reminder that not all children 's films are created equally .
Storks is at times cacophonous and overly busy , and the animation tends toward the goofy rather than the spectacular . However , Stoller manages to pull off a third act and emotional resolution that 's genuinely moving .
This is a kid 's film for hire , with none of the creativity , emotion and design that elevate the genre to art , or even simply a fun time at the movies .
Zippy and zany , cute and cuddly , Storks manages to balance wild humor with winning heart-for the most part .
Storks are known for delivering bundles that are irresistible , exhaustingly active at times , and frequently pretty darn messy . How completely appropriate , then , that Warner Bros. ' 3-D animated feature `` Storks '' delivers the same .
Everyone involved with this film has something better than this on their resume .
Like so many big-studio cartoons , Storks does n't seem to understand that its strengths lie not in the speed or volume of its dialogue , but the energy of its animation .
In between all the noisy set-pieces , and up until the big-bang action climax , it 's refreshing to see a movie whose niftiest ideas are not just clumsily tossed off , but handled with care .
All of the weird , unsettling edges get smoothed out into something cute and bland .
Storks ends up being a charming and hilarious adventure for all the family . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
the movie does n't have enough to hang itself on ; the premise is too flimsy and that old question of `` Where babies come from ? '' remains oddly avoided , in even a child-friendly way .
It often is good , though , hilariously so , its too-familiar misfits-become-a-family storyline enlivened by flights of lavish comic invention .
It may be a rather perplexing premise , but somehow the chaotic and unpredictable slapstick , sight gags , and sharp script translate into a fun , sweet story about family and belonging .
Though blessed with a strong voice cast and a generous production budget , the pre-eminently perky new animated comedy Storks hardly makes the most of the many resources at its disposal .
It has been such a strong year for animation that it would take a movie with nearly flawless voice casting , story and animation to stand out in the crowd . Storks is a definite standout .
It 's like writer and co-director Nicholas Stoller did n't get the memo . He refuses to let Storks settle for the lazy cash grab it was clearly designed to be .
Storks is short on charm , but it certainly has ideas , more than it can hope to keep track of .
... a noisy , manic adventure bereft of wit . Cute babies in every color of the rainbow and a couple of funny wolves -LRB- voiced by Key and Peele -RRB- whose primal instincts are overcome by maternal ones are about all `` Storks '' has going for it .
Whoever is running Warner Animation Group appears to be allowing the lunatics to run the asylum . And that is a wonderful thing .
The jokes in Warner Bros. 's new animated flick mostly fall flat , the characters are largely unlovable and the simplistic plot expects more from its audience than it gives .
Uneven , but laugh-out-loud Looney Tunes wacky when it works .
There 's a nice , snappy playfulness in the rapport between Samberg and engaging newcomer Crown . That lively , back-and-forth vibe also extends to the Aniston/Burrell and Key/Peele dynamic .
The jokes in this high-concept , star-packed animated family film land about as often as its storks manage to avoid flying into windows .
The film 's lesson about finding your family never comes off as saccharine , and although there 's nothing particularly innovative about its message , Storks is a little bundle of joy .
A strenuously unfunny animated comedy .
Storks is uncomfortably unfunny and tonally confused , primed to leave children with so many questions for parents to awkwardly stumble over during any post-screening car rides home .
Jabs at your funny bone and at your gooey sentimental center with equal agility , both by following the screenwriting rules and knowing when to throw them out the window .
A mostly enjoyable animated romp with some a few winning digressions along the way .
Samberg 's jittery-nerdy energy comes through , and Stoller applies a level of taste and restraint to the film 's use of source music and amusingly awkward pauses .

@highlight

Colorful animation and a charming cast help Storks achieve a limited liftoff , but scattershot gags and a confused , hyperactively unspooled plot keep it from truly soaring .