Heartache , teen angst and mordant comedy are well tuned . Very funny , with wonderful performances , it 's an unexpected delight .
While it openly evokes the spirit of pictures like `` Stand By Me '' and `` Moonrise Kingdom , '' it scores originality points in the shading of its characters .
A slick piece of work that juts out at just enough odd angles to be idiosyncratic , but never alienating .
A sweet yet fleeting trifle .
If you were lucky enough to grow up near the woods , you 'll see how true the movie is to the tenor of adolescent exploration . This is a kid 's film in the best sense of the word , not a movie for kids , but a great story about being a kid .
Mashes a heightened sense of the absurd rather awkwardly up against arty pastoral , and the mock-seriousness of the endeavor comes across as unpleasantly snide .
With a good helping of humor and engaging performances , The Kings of Summer makes for a delightfully entertaining coming of age tale .
Like lazy summer days , it will be forgotten almost as soon as it 's over .
Rich in suburban subtext , The Kings Of Summer is a coming-of-age indie movie full of poignancy , charm and strong performances .
Thanks in no small part to its trio of hugely likeable teenage leads , the film breezes along , mixing comedy with drama to often seamless effect , while exploring the kind of issues that viewers can all find relatable .
Quirky , funny , occasionally too whimsical and at times implausible , it 's rather like Tom Sawyer and Huck Finn meeting the cast of Rebel Without a Cause .
This is the kind of American independent comedy-drama that restores our faith in the cinema , combining a talented cast , witty direction and a razor-sharp script to reboot the coming-of-age genre .
The Kings of Summer ca n't quite decide between dysfunctional family drama , the aesthetics of floaty Americana , Goonies-brand adventurism and outbursts of rip-roaring comedy .
The reasons for raves at the Sundance Film Festival ? The film 's charm , freshness , wit and skewiness of vision .
Like a summer fling , forgotten as soon as you re-enter the real world .
It lollops along to its own lazy drumbeat , perfectly evoking that too-brief time of life when you could pass the evenings drunk on stolen beer and all the spare time you could dream of .
A sunny and reasonably funny coming-of-ager from Sundance-ratified debutant Jordan Vogt-Roberts .
Coming on like Stand by Me meets Son of Rambow , the boys ' adventure is essentially dreamy indie-teen wish-fulfilment .
The spirit of Stand By Me lives on in The Kings of Summer , a poignant and frequently hilarious coming-of-age film about three teenage friends yearning for freedom and independence .
First love , a friend 's powerless deception and a perfectly timeless score , credited to Ryan Miller , keep things moving along in a feel-good kind of way .
The first two-thirds of the movie felt rather special , while the last third less so . Still , it has its charms , the kids are appealing and it 's worth catching .
The kids are superb - the ups and downs of the Joe/Patrick friendship ring true , while oddball Moises Arias steals scenes left , right and off-centre .
A hugely enjoyable , acutely observed and frequently hilarious coming-of-age drama with a delightful script , likeable characters and terrific performances from a note-perfect cast .
A supremely entertaining adventure that might threaten to fall over a couple of times but always regains its balance .
It 's impeccably stylized , but that only makes it seem more like hand-me-down Wes Anderson , a vaporous amassment of quirk .
Deserves recognition for its light , often hilarious depiction of summertime boyhood and the impatience to become an adult .
Coming-of-age tales are generally a dime a dozen , but here 's one pretty much guaranteed to make viewers feel like a million bucks .
There will be movies with bigger casts , louder explosions and more zombies -- but few will boast the sheer spirit of The Kings of Summer .
A warm and affectionate comedy about that last great summer when you 're 13 or 14 and you do n't realize just how much your life is about to change and things will never be the same .
The filmmakers ... opt for a mostly witty Sundance-branded coming-of-age sitcom featuring lucky good looks , accelerated maturity , sexual ease , quick wits , cooperative facial hair and a distinct lack of teenage awkwardness .
Likable and humane , with telltale hints of a grand scheme .
This willfully eccentric tale about teenage boys in suburban Ohio fleeing their families to live in the deep woods plays like an erratic comic revue slapped together at theater camp .
A summer pleasure .
... refreshing and surprising , charming and poignant , with just enough plausibility in its exaggerated concept to keep moviegoers rooting for its trio of teenage heroes .
The Kings Of Summer is a brilliant , endearing and engaging coming of age comedy , not only the funniest film of the year , but also the best film of the year to date .
There is much here to admire , but the overall impression is of a film that does not have the courage of its convictions .
Between a host of memorable performances by a cast of relative newcomers , and a haunting , grungy score , this coming-of-age comedy is a bona fide sleeper not to be missed .
Refreshingly touching and genuinely funny coming-of-age story , cleverly capturing a poignant , formative interlude .
Once they go into the woods , the movie becomes as interesting as watching kids hang around and play with sticks .
Why not go out on a limb and call it the next summer classic ?
The tone of The Kings of Summer is unique : Stand by Me by way of Napoleon Dynamite .
It 's basically ` Stand by Me ' for dummies . And I 'm betting even the ` dummies ' will get wise fast to the fact that the only throne ` Kings ' is worthy of sitting upon is constructed of porcelain .
In its small , independent way , `` The Kings of Summer '' rules .
The Kings of Summer is the cinematic equivalent of an Arctic-cold popsicle on a Sahara-hot day . Refreshing and satisfying but not overly sentimental , the film taps into the frustrations of adolescence with warmth and wit .
This just could have been so much more . In fact , it SHOULD have been so much more . -LRB- Complete Content Details for Parents are also available -RRB-
Director Jordan Vogt-Roberts and writer Chris Galletta bring a fresh and sympathetic eye to the story , evoking the pleasure of what feels - for a little while - like endless possibilities .
The foundation of a much better movie is buried somewhere beneath the debris that 's too quickly piled on to The Kings of Summer ...
There 's something to be said for restraint , even when dealing with impulsive characters in a carefree scenario .
The first feature film from `` Funny or Die ... '' director Jordan Vogt-Roberts , `` The Kings of Summer '' is n't very funny and dies slowly but surely as a coming-of-age film that bludgeons the viewer with its own quirkiness .
... an excellent alternative to the usual summer barrage of big budget actioners . I hope the tweenies that should see do see it .
Witty direction and an exceptionally sharp script give this coming-of-age film a blast of originality that completely wins us over .
The ideas of independence , young love and pushing the boundaries of friendship are so familiar , but in `` The Kings of Summer '' it 's as if you 're dealing with them for the first time .
Director Jordan Vogt-Roberts cut his teeth on network cable series and Internet comedy shorts , and it shows . Instead of developing a genuine perspective he simply repeats the same few stylistic gestures ad infinitum .
It loses its way , but the first half is fresh and funny enough to make it worthwhile .
Starts out as a raunchy teen comedy , slips into nature-epic mode , then adds a romantic triangle and finally finds a comfort zone in family-sitcom land .
The sharp wit , soft-focus cinematography and slow-motion lyricism lift it into the realm of this summer 's nicest surprises .
Vogt-Roberts makes the scenery look great , but does n't call the plays that could make the movie score . Scenes do n't develop , characters do n't evolve except in indie-movie-cute ways .
A stylish and very funny teenage coming-of-age story graced with surreal fringes and a mysteriously hushed core .
Nick Offerman provides laughs as the cranky , clumsily emotional dad in this coming-of-age , teens-gone-not-so-wild comedy .
While things occasionally get a bit too quirky , the young leads - Nick Robinson , Gabriel Basso and Moises Arias - make it work .
Sometimes , a movie just has a magic about it , something that makes you look past implausibility and plot holes and whatever other shortcomings it may have and leaves you feeling good just for having seen it .
A quirky , genial crowd-pleaser that probably cost less than the catering bill for one of the franchise mega-productions but delivers a lot more fun than most of them .
Kings of Summer is mostly very funny , which makes the bits where it gets serious hit all that much harder .
An unconventional coming-of-age story that 's likely to appeal to the rebellious teen in all of us .
The movie 's just such a pain in the ass .
Irksome in its randomness , finding a few profound windows to the soul before it lurches back into shtick coma mode .
A fresh take on a familiar genre which instantly takes a place among the best big-screen coming-of-age tales .
One senses the filmmakers were going for something more profound and transformative than what ended up on screen .
Knows how to be funny , but it can also be a bit too studiedly random , e.g. in generating Biaggio 's vaguely creepy non sequiturs and in indulging long digressions about giant wontons and avocado meat .
A coming-of-age tale that touches a lot of bases and explores a variety of tones in ways that most films are too timid to do .
The Kings of Summer may not be a great movie but it 's definitely an original .
Loved Stand By Me ? This is for you . The Kings Of Summer is absolutely wonderful , a welcome gift for moviegoers and a true gem in a season of non-stop mayhem . Do n't Miss it .
For all its humor and fleeting moments of beauty , The Kings of Summer feels like a cluster of cheap narrative devices posing as a finished film .
`` The Kings of Summer '' boasts some of the deadpan melancholy one associates with Wes Anderson 's best work , but it does n't have quite the same bite or insight .
-LSB- The Kings of Summer -RSB- has some vitality , but it sinks into cliché just the same .
So what if The Kings of Summer backs away from greatness and builds itself a little fort in indie comedy central instead ? That 's not so bad . It 's still a pretty neat fort .
The father/son tension between Frank and Joe is also effectively handled , with Offerman in particular striking notes that skirt around the typical coming-of-age , daddy-just-doesn ` t-get-me clichés .
`` The Kings of Summer '' invokes -LSB- John Hughes movies -RSB- without Xeroxing them , creating its own little oddball suburbia .
Less a movie than a checklist of indiecinema clichés . Youth on a journey of self-discovery ? Got it . Dead mom ? Uh-huh . Wounded and entitled when it 's trying to be soulful , plotless , laden with indie rock and entirely overhyped at Sundance ? Checkarooney .
It 's easy enough to drift along with this slight , quirky charmer and when the puffed-up dramatic stuff gives way to the central theme of a father and son reconnecting , the film really works .
While the premise of the film is outlandish , the feelings are all real ... Director Vogt-Roberts and screenwriter Chris Galletta are in perfect unison on this film , harmonizing to create what feels like a fresh comic voice .
The film starts unraveling fast as fable and reality collide in messy ways . But for a brief moment the kings have their day in the sun .
The Kings Of Summer sets the bar on `` coming of age '' movies a little bit higher than most , utilizing feel-good filmmaking and childhood nostalgia to carry us through an enchanting story of transformation .
Like the fading of day into twilight , the ephemeral nature of youth is deftly captured in The Kings of Summer .
So what if much of it does n't add up ? It 's still kind of fun and is embellished with clever cinematic flourishes .
In form and sensibility , the movie is closer to a sitcom . First-time feature director Vogt-Roberts is a veteran of TV , and he retains its preference for the quick payoff and its over-eager pursuit of yuks .
A rebellious and creative Ohio teenager tries to forge his own passage from adolescence into manhood in the woods with two buddies .
Writer Chris Galletta and director Jordan Vogt-Roberts make an auspicious feature debut with this charmer that plays like `` The Lord of the Flies '' meets `` Moonrise Kingdom '' as sponsored by Boston Market -LRB- a running gag in the film -RRB- .
If the structure establishes a calculated distance , the movie 's raw materials feel just rough-hewn enough to draw us in .
Jordan Vogt-Roberts ' The Kings of Summer features an economic script , likable characters , a fun style and plenty of sharp humor -- although its plot is a bit on the slim side .
Uneven , haphazardly constructed , and over-reliant on hackneyed symbols of yearning for independence and self-sufficiency .
A marvelous coming-of-age comedy that should not be missed .
The perfect hot-weather diversion for audiences who want summer movie escapism without summer blockbuster gigantism .
Staggers down that fine line between sentimental and snarky
Eager to please and easy on the eyes , The Kings of Summer sails right down the middle , safely tacking between sitcom setups and grandiose MGMT-scored montages without forming its own distinctive feel .
As nostalgic projections of boyish freedom by a couple of thirtysomething dudes , the so-called kings are good-enough jesters , but I could n't help wishing they would shut up more and let the grown-ups talk .
A slim and wistful independent picture .
The film 's aesthetic is marked by off-tempo editing and a tone that vacillates between grim and coy , and though it 's occasionally visually evocative , it 's also unmistakably over-calculated .
Strikes a unique balance between coming-of-age charm , comedy , and honest drama , and it 's the constant give and take between all three that makes the film as a whole both pleasantly enchanting and quite poignant , too .
`` The Kings of Summer '' is a poor man 's `` Moonrise Kingdom '' - with none of that film 's editorial sense of kitsch , dry wit , or style .
A trio of kids enjoy a rollicking adventure
Working with Chris Galletta 's disarming , quirky and often very funny script , Jordan Vogt-Roberts creates a coming-of-age tale which , while occasionally whimsically veering off into the land of twee , nevertheless mostly feels bracingly fresh .
A sweet -LRB- but still funny -RRB- coming-of-age tale with its heart firmly in the right place .
This tonally buoyant coming-of-age film works as both an off-kilter comedy and a potent drama .
The Kings of Summer features some snazzy effects and an alt-rock soundtrack including some not overused slow-motion photography to illustrate Joe 's murderous dream and several neat montages .
A light-stepping kids comedy for grown-ups .
Toy 's House is what Moonrise Kingdom might have been like if the director 's played-out style and monotone quirkiness had not interfered with its similar tale .
An unforgettable coming-of-age comedy that 's sweet , witty , and brings back the joys of being young and full of life .
It 's an original , and a real gem .
A hilarious , over-the-top coming-of-age comedy .
The MVP here is Chris Galletta 's script , which is as knowing of teen emotions as it is acidly funny .
Toy 's House , Jordan Vogt-Roberts ' debut feature , is a full-on fairy tale , and one that could win plenty of friends with its absurdist , caustically funny take on adolescent agitation .
While plot-wise it 's a little slender , not to mention heavy on studied eccentricities , Jordan Vogt-Roberts ' debut feature also has a generous share of rewards .

@highlight

Thanks to charming performances and endearingly off-kilter spirit , The Kings of Summer proves to be a slight , sweet entry in the crowded coming-of-age genre .