Sound City is filled with the kind of stories that make music nerds weak in the knees .
While there 's an abundance of information and stories to be told , Sound City at times becomes almost as idle as its aging idols .
-LSB- Grohl -RSB- has great fun sweeping through the historic parade of latter-day rock royalty whose hit records came out of the place .
Sound City is a fun ride for diehard fans of most any brand of rock and roll .
In Sound City , a raucous yet sweetly romantic documentary , dinosaurs do indeed rock the Earth again .
A sincere tribute to the tape-based dumpy Sound City .
When getting into the nitty-gritty of tapes and tracks , Grohl makes a strong case for music docs directed by musicians .
Dave Grohl 's terrific new doc , Sound City , profiles the studio where some of the greatest music of the past four decades was born .
Dave Grohl shares a lot of stories in Sound City , and what 's most impressive is that for a first-time filmmaker he tells these tales remarkably well .
It 's -LRB- a -RRB- part documentary homage to the defunct Los Angeles rock-and-roll studio where Grohl 's earlier band , Nirvana , cut its breakout album , ` Nevermind ' ; and -LRB- b -RRB- part self-promotion for the DVD release of this very film and its companion CD soundtrack .
It cheapens itself by hitting some self-congratulatory notes , but until it does it covers some fascinating rock 'n' roll ground .
For those about to rock , we salute you . A fond acknowledgement of a special time when a studio produced several albums that signaled key moments in music history .
An infectious appreciation for rock and roll lingers past the somewhat self-satisfied finale .
There 's something rock about the film 's messy , nostalgic imperfection .
Fascinating , as rock history , thrilling as rock entertainment .
A joyous ode to a lost era of music making that will delight music buffs and those who appreciate a well-done documentary .
Grohl has ... created both a fascinating account of the process of analogue recording and a tender tribute to the rock bands of yesteryear .
A rich , kaleidoscopic , rock music documentary .
A cocky , affectionate and very musical documentary that may make its central point a few times too often .
A total blast to watch , sustaining momentum with a sharp admiration for the thrilling highs and lows of the complex and its rich history with some of the biggest artists around .
It 's a sprawling documentary that laments what 's been lost in analog recording without ignoring the benefits of technology .
Loving doc about a legendary recording studio is one of the very best-and quite essential-movies about rock music ever made .
... offers a behind-the-scenes glimpse into the studio , but in the process chronicles a recent history of rock music that both fans and non-fans can appreciate .
An authoritative , beautifully assembled , personal , even romantic account of one of rock music 's most important waypoints , a film which aficionados absolutely should not miss .
In his directing debut , Dave Grohl shows the instincts of a real filmmaker . Sound City hits you like a shot in the heart .
Even if you do n't know what -LSB- Grohl 's -RSB- talking about when he says a room gives `` great decay , '' or when somebody else extols `` 24-track sensibility , '' the passion of this project really pops right out of the groove .
If it does n't break any ground as a documentary , it 's a heartfelt testament to a place he considers among the most hallowed halls of rock .
An electrifying and enthralling labor of love that acts as a defibrillator for your creative juices .
High-spirited , emotional and funny , `` Sound City '' is , of all things , a mash note to a machine . Not just any machine , however , but one that helped change the face of rock 'n' roll .
A celebration of just how unbelievably awesome it is to make rock music for a living - not to mention being so successful at it that you can get your childhood heroes to come over and jam .
Grohl 's aim is to explore the aura of a place , but what he winds up proving is that people make the magic .
I did n't jump out of my chair and pump my fist till 24 minutes in .
Dave Grohl remains unflappable as a first-time director in his entertaining and informative documentary Sound City , a loving tribute to a defunct Van Nuys recording studio .
Mr. Grohl has put a lot of affection into this film , and it shows .
Given Dave Grohl 's reputation for versatility and good taste , the film 's sturdy sense of forward motion may come as no surprise .
Grohl treats us to just more than an hour celebrating the history of Sound City , the Van Nuys dump where a clutch of rock 's great records were bashed out-but the movie 's 107 minutes long .
The first-time director smartly sees Sound City as a surrogate for the overall industry at any given point in the past four decades , and he varies the tone of the interviews from fondly-regarded serendipity to deep-seated regret .
The beautiful thing here is the way Sound City enlivens some fairly snobby ideas about the glories of analog tape without resorting to mere mansplaining .
Grohl 's heart is always in the right place , and with his directorial debut , he has effectively translated his passion and knowledge into a delightful and engaging documentary .
It 's a mismanaged balancing act -LRB- hey , sort of like having a band ! -RRB- , but it 's an entertaining flick and rocking rock history nonetheless .
A comprehensive look into the recording process and how it has changed over the years -LRB- and continues to change -RRB- while taking audiences on a journey from where music was in the '70s to where it is today .
An exhilarating history of the studio that spawned countless rock classics , not to mention a welcome reminder to aspiring musicians to step away from the laptop once in a while .
The film is an exhilarating exploration of the creative process .
We know Dave Grohl is a great drummer and an incredible frontman ; now we know he 's a great documentary filmmaker too ...

@highlight

Smart , affectionate , and unabashedly sincere , Sound City pairs a great soundtrack with a well-argued ode to one of rock 'n' roll 's most fondly remembered bygone eras .