Wright understands how to perfectly balance action , comedy , drama , and suspense , and it pays off .
It 's a perfect spoof of the once popular action genre , that 's highlighted by the chemistry of Pegg and Frost .
Manages to find humor not just in the mundane existence of a small town but also in the overblown nature of action films . And , it works as an action movie on its own .
Hot Fuzz , Edgar Wright 's follow-up to his extremely popular zombie satire Shaun of the Dead -LRB- 2004 -RRB- , improves on the latter 's strong points in every conceivable way while drastically tightening up its weakest elements .
Works because they set out to make a faithful genre picture just as equally as a comedy . The film is even funnier because they never sacrifice plot or character for a laugh .
From paying homage to Michael Bay 's camera motions to kicking an old lady square in the kisser , this film holds nothing back and fires away with tons of laughs .
There 's real fondness not just for the crash-a-tons being referenced , but also for a homey , practically imaginary England
The opening premise of Hot Fuzz is like the recipe for a simple concept comedy : overachieving cop in underachieving village , and it works to set the all important tone in this funnily ridiculous film .
The makers of Shaun of the Dead have done it again . This time they have combined a classic cop-buddy movie with a quaint town in England , and yes , laughs definitely ensue .
It 's overlong and not always precisely on target but neither self-congratulating nor condescending -- and a fine , funny contribution to English-American mutual amusement besides .
... as if a cop movie spoof had been awkwardly rammed into a seriously splatter film , with a big , violent blowout finale to blur the lines between the two .
.
Bad Boys meets Shaun of the Dead .
... lives up to expectations even if it ca n't exceed the hype .
Yet another excellent mélange of movie genres from Britain 's team of Edgar Wright , Simon Pegg and Nick Frost .
It 's a movie that is literally , painfully funny , insofar as I occasionally laughed so hard that I thought my chest was about to collapse .
It 's such a vibrant goof , so full of love both for the movies and for its cast of ridiculous characters that you forgive it the odd soggy stretch .
Past a certain point , one requires more from smart and enthusiastic fans than a reiteration of their fanhood .
With a fine image and sound transfer and a worthwhile collection of hearty extras , Hot Fuzz is now in the running for the title of DVD of the Year .
Mr. Wright is a talented filmmaker who has clearly studied the masters of the genre he 's roasting .
Edgar Wright and co. aim their blazing automatics directly at the insularity , small-mindedness and tacit bigotry of little Britain .
Hilarious and intelligent in every frame , the brilliance of `` Hot Fuzz '' is simply arresting .
Pegg in a stellar comic performance lifts the film from being a mere applaudable satire to a first-class entertainment . Imagine Jimmy Stewart in `` Animal House '' or Steve McQueen in `` Road Trip . ''
Hot Fuzz n ` a donc rien à envier aux productions dont il soutire ses grandes lignes , lesquelles servent généralement un récit qui a le culot de se prendre au sérieux
The dialogue is packed with jokes and the script is packed with subtle sight gags and references to other cop movies .
Not quite as inspired as `` Shaun of the Dead '' but near as damn it .
The soaring , rocking climax more than justifies any pacing issues mid-movie and pays off perfectly with the same winking deftness that Arrested Development episodes exhibited when tying multiple lines together .
Wright and Pegg have clearly done their homework ; their familiarity with action movie cliches is deep enough that they do n't always have to go for the easy or obvious joke .
The characters are more fully rounded than the heroes of the Bruckheimer films being aped .
After seeing Hot Fuzz I doubt it 'll be possible to keep a straight face during a Michael Bay movie again -- assuming one could ever do such a thing in the first place .
Hot Fuzz feels like the work of a bunch of friends who sat around overdosing on action movies before deciding that they should go and make their own . With some films , what I 've just written would be an insult ; with this one , it 's a compliment .
So many filmmakers try to fuse action and comedy , it 's easy to forget just how difficult it is to accomplish . Hot Fuzz succeeds magnificently , and we 'll be hard pressed this summer to find a popcorn picture half as enjoyable as this one .
Starts looking exactly like the films it 's parodying .
When a true comic masterpiece comes around that 's truly a cause for celebration . Start celebrating it 's here .
This film does n't rely on cheap gags or fart jokes for its humor . Hot Fuzz is what you expect from a good satire , a lot of laughs , smart writing , and a cast talented enough to deliver the goods .
Any movie that so tightly and sincerely loves `` Point Break '' ca n't be bad . Riotously funny and righteously explosive on its own terms , `` Hot Fuzz '' is the sharpest , cheekiest , most rollicking action-comedy since `` Kiss Kiss Bang Bang . ''
Outrageously funny ... The movies Pegg and Wright are parodying are mindless , yet the movie they 've made is marvelously witty .
` Hot Fuzz ' pokes fun at buddy cop movie clichés , but Wright also delivers action scenes worthy of the films he 's satirizing .
Fans of both British humor and American action flicks will be well pleased by this charming comedy .
Like a more carefree Tarantino , obviously the product of guys intoxicated by the strange wine of B-cinema .
It 's so effortlessly formed , so wholly its own entity that you consistently find yourself giddy with satisfaction at how good the film makes you feel . In a domain that 's forgotten how to satisfy , Hot Fuzz is the very definition of a crowd pleaser .
I had to ask myself : am I really watching what is , in essence , Michael Bay 's Midsomer Murders ? I realized yes . Yes I am .
Hot Fuzz is more comfortable as a play on action films than it is as social satire .
More fun than a firkin full of simians -- make that two firkins full of simians -- Edgar Wright 's Hot Fuzz is everything you could hope for in a parody .
Wright and Pegg have topped Shaun of the Dead by trans -LRB- atlantic -RRB- planting a whole gaggle of genres .
The sensibility is Jerry Bruckheimer at Ealing Studios , and it does n't work ; the British whimsy and deadpan observational humor is overwhelmed by the tiresome bloat , blood and noise lifted from the spoofed source material .
Cleverly skewers three completely disparate genres and does so with a wry smile and a lot of bombast
If Frank Drebin Investigated The Wicker Man , `` Do n't ! '' miss this fun , violent tribute to the absurdity of Michael Bay .
The movie duly quickens into pursuits of every speed , and the homage to action thrillers is there in the smallest detail ; the clicking of a ballpoint pen , say , is amplified to sound as menacing as the cocking of a gun .
It ai n't Shakespeare but its HOT FUN . Nothing more , nothing less .
Dispassionate dispatching of humans as cinematic road kill . Bloody funny bloodletting , if that 's your thing .
Deliciously over-the-top in its comical calculations , this frantic farce cuts to the chase as it rapidly delivers the pithy punches .
A high octane , sweetly appealing , absolutely hilarious cop actioner . I never thought all those elements could be rolled together so brilliantly ...
Desperation undercuts potential comedy .
Funnier than `` Shaun , '' and with a more prestigous cast .
Hot Fuzz is everything an action-comedy should be . It achieves through parody what most films in the genre ca n't accomplish straight .
Goofy ? You bet . Funny ? Yes , indeed .
Simply put , Hot Fuzz is like an Agatha Christie novel directed by Michael Bay , with some graphic death scenes thrown in for good measure
Because this culture-clash comedy has real characters , a real story and a real big payoff , the two-hour length is a light sentence .
When playing upon the clichés of the gruff , melting-heart mentor and the newly hardened pupil , Hot Fuzz crackles .
Though it 's no Monty Python , Hot Fuzz is a clever , over-the-top marriage of mayhem and merriment .
It 's as laceratingly entertaining as its predecessor .
What prevents Hot Fuzz from crossing over into already well-travelled Naked Gun territory is the constant bouncing of high-Hollywood style and the timid , teatime setting .
What will Wright and Pegg set their targets for next ? I do n't know , but I 'll be watching .
Only people who have an equal fondness for strolls through English cottage gardens and Dirty Harry movies are going to fall madly in love with the film , but just about everybody is going to like it .
Director Edgar Wright , scripting with star Simon Pegg , winds it up and lets it fly . The result , even hitting its target , tends to splat .
Director Wright and his co-writer , Pegg , tap their inner Jerry Bruckheimers in this highly amusing action comedy .
One is tempted to label this a British Police Academy film , but it 's a far smarter , more visceral , and energetic kin , and even has an honest-to-goodness mystery plot to propel it along .
This perfectly executed piece of movie-making brilliance sets the bar awfully high for every other comedy destined to come out this year .
Although Hot Fuzz is a good 30 minutes too long -LRB- the ending -- or endings -- are endless -RRB- , it is also good for long stretches of laughs .
A fitfully funny movie , but one that lacks the extra layers that nudged Shaun of the Dead toward B-movie greatness .
This rude , bodily fluid-spattered romp is like the Red Bull version of every bad buddy police picture a little Lethal Weapon , a lot of Bad Boys , and waaaaay too much Point Break .
Made with razor wit and continual invention and far , far fresher than not only Hollywood buddy-cop movies but also Hollywood 's own spoofs of them .
I think they go a little gun crazy in the final reel . Bullets shot from the imagination of these guys are fun . Zombies were merely funnier .
At the end of the year , Hot Fuzz may be both your favorite comedy and your favorite action movie of 2007 , and that 's no joke .
A perfect example of a crisp script that is hilarious to boot !
The collection of oddball characters is as zany as any ensemble cast you 're likely to see .
Summer has n't arrived , but the funniest riff on a summer movie genre has already landed .
Hot Fuzz runs a bit long for a cop spoof , but it is also one of the funniest law enforcement comedies this side of The Naked Gun .
The U.S. audience may be stung to find beloved action clichés desecrated , but these Britheimers are on to something .
Pegg and Wright are armed with an endlessly impressive arsenal of attention grabbers , from witty editing tricks to a wry soundtrack and a joke-packed script that demands multiple viewings .
Like a creaky roller coaster rattling to its precarious summit , Hot Fuzz is often thrilling because it does n't feel quite safe . Beneath the surface of this British action-comedy lurks the beating heart of a slasher film that might have been .
Overall Hot Fuzz could use a bit more speed to outrun its demons .
Fuzz does for overpumped cop action what Shaun did for flesh-eating brainlessness : sends up the genre 's plentiful absurdities in a movie that 's put together better than most serious films of the same type .
Pacing problems aside , Hot Fuzz is a lot of fun . If only filmmakers would remember that with comedy , less is more .
Hot Fuzz is every bit the free-wheeling , anarchic and deadpan-funny follow-up to Shaun Of The Dead you could ask for .
Hot Fuzz may not be quite at its predecessor 's mark , but the cast sure is -- they 're all , every last one of them , Shauns of the Deadpan .
The evil geniuses behind Shaun of the Dead take dead-on aim at overblown buddy-cop movies . It 's hard to imagine having more fun in a theater without being arrested .
Hot Fuzz is warm at the beginning , too cool in the middle and boiling at the end -- which makes it too close to lukewarm .
These bad boys are obviously having fun , and so will you .
Rarely have we seen a British comedy in which the protagonists are armed to the teeth with both wit and automatic weapons .
For a movie based on the stunted mental development and perfect action timing of American crime-fighting pics , Hot Fuzz has surprisingly little idea of how to get to its point , or when .
Hot Fuzz is the funniest send-up of slam-bang action mayhem since Team America : World Police .
It 's hard to imagine much need to spoof the likes of Bad Boys II . But the ludicrously charming British import Hot Fuzz is a reminder that there 's always a call to dispatch the self-important with humor .
The straight-faced spoof is really quite funny , if you can get beyond the graphic gore and mind-numbing final 30 minutes .
The transplanted action cliches mix easily with the eccentric English characters , and as a director Wright is adept at framing and cutting for excitement as well as laughs .
Think of Hot Fuzz , a British parody of Hollywood-style action flicks , as The Full Monty blown to smithereens .
It 's to the Lethal Weapon movies what left-hand driving on a country lane is to a freeway chase : pokey , more than a little daft , but with a bloody surprise around every hedge .
This send-up of buddy-cop movies is a thoroughly entertaining blend of wry British humor and climactic , over-the-top action-film heroics .
What those hilarious Shaun of the Dead guys did for zombie flicks , they do for buddy-cop movies in Hot Fuzz . Be careful not to call it a spoof , though .
The jokes fly past like bullets , propelled by Wright 's rapid-fire editing style and a few funny excesses in gore .
Hot Fuzz does for buddy cop flicks what Shaun of the Dead did for zombie films .
A refreshing change of pace , Hot Fuzz is more than a spoof flick . It parodies and honors it source material at the same time , and reminds us that dumb action movies are always more fun when sprinkled with a bright -LRB- if not self-aware -RRB- sense of humor
As far as comedies go , I think -LSB- Wright 's -RSB- movies are the best things out there .
Like `` Shaun of the Dead , '' `` Hot Fuzz '' is distinguished by the sweetness of its parody . This is not the work of hyper-referencing wiseass geeks , and there may be no more purely enjoyable movie now playing .
... almost as much fun to watch as it was to make .
... possesses an uneven vibe that 's generally easy enough to overlook , thanks mostly to Wright and star Simon Pegg 's thoroughly irreverent screenplay and the inclusion of several enormously entertaining performances .
If there were people who worried that Shaun of the Dead was a fluke , Hot Fuzz should put their minds to rest .
All the action is staged with energy , but it gets relentless without anything really funny going on .
This is n't the kind of comedy that you need to see more than once . It is one that you will want to see again and again just for the sheer pleasure .
Destroys the line between parody and homage .
Less than a week after I called Grindhouse the best movie ever made , I saw a movie I may like even more ... The best made movie since Lord of the Rings .
Hot Fuzz is rare in that it builds character development just as much as it aims for a punchline , and this is one aspect that is most appreciated .
This is as brilliant a deconstruction of any genre I 've seen since Clint Eastwood 's Unforgiven .
Rather than buckling under all those old cop movies , Hot Fuzz is more like the result of them .
Looks comparable to Shaun , but underneath , it 's an inferior film
the characters are brilliantly drawn to be comical , but lovable at the same time ... the dialogue is hilarious ... the actors are perfect with each deadpan delivery and reaction .
Hot Fuzz may not quite hit the same level of raucous mayhem -LSB- as Shaun of the Dead -RSB- . But I think it 's even sharper and funnier , and Wright and Pegg never run out of ideas .
Equal parts action , buddy movie , and police spoof , Hot Fuzz fights to stretch genre lines and manages to worship through homage while creating a new story that 's truly entertaining .
It 's a ridiculous plot , but one that 's absolutely in the spirit of the films they 're satirizing .
Go , laugh and try to figure out the mystery . But be warned : You 'll be checking your watch before it 's over .
... something all too rare in movie comedies : a story rather than a string of disjointed skits , with hearty characters behind its caricatures .
Sitting through this 2 hour , four minute gawdawful mess was literally painful .
Does for British cops what Shaun of the Dead did for the undead -- and that 's a good thing .
The jokes can be broad one minute , subtle the next . The main thing is , they 're funny .
It is almost funny that the best action film of the year so far would also be the one that lovingly mocks that very same genre with impudent glee .
Hot Fuzz could easily have lost 20 minutes or so in jittery montages and stylized set pieces . But for viewers in the mood for smart-stupid slapstick , it 's a diverting jape .
Hot Fuzz plays like a funny movie you wish were even funnier -LRB- Fuzz That 's Actually Quite Warm might be a more accurate title -RRB- .
When it comes to a movie as consistently hilarious as Hot Fuzz , it 's better to have too much of a good thing than too little .
A breakneck action-comedy that could put the final digit on Lethal Weapon and its kind , if there is any mercy .
Deflates the pomp of the action genre 's posturing with hilarious precision .
An exuberant , ultraviolent and uproarious satire .
Sure to appeal to fans of action thrillers , as well as devotees of Shaun of the Dead .
On the strength of Shaun of the Dead , his droll zombie bash , the spot-on Do n't Scream trailer in Grindhouse and now this , director Edgar Wright is one of the four or five contemporary directors of comedy worth watching .
If you see Hot Fuzz , you 'll never again watch a Michael Bay film without howling with disrespectful laughter .
Edgar Wright and Simon Pegg 's follow-up effort to their smash success Shaun of the Dead skillfully eludes the dread sophomore slump .
Just who do these sneaky Brits think they are , coming over here and mocking our national treasures ?
If you do n't laugh , you 're likely a straight-faced fan of Bad Boys II , and there 's your first problem .
For most of its running time , it 's an enjoyably unpretentious celebration of the guilty pleasure we can take from a stupid-as-all-get-out car chase or from watching things blow up real good .
Blessed with an airtight script , a sterling cast of comedic actors , and a director in peak form , Hot Fuzz is an arresting farce sure to keep audiences locked up with laughter .
This combination parody of Agatha Christie and Michael Bay turns out to be pretty funny stuff ... a Police Academy with brains .
Actor/co-screenwriter Simon Pegg and his fellow star Nick Frost were responsible for the laughs in Wright 's `` Shaun of the Dead , '' and this time the team reunites for a more ambitious and pumped-up project that is equally as funny .
Edgar Wright and Simon Pegg , the makers of Spaced -LRB- one of the greatest sitcoms of all time -RRB- and Shaun of the Dead -LRB- certainly the funniest horror movie ever made -RRB- , have done it again with Hot Fuzz .
It 's its own unique creature ... -LSB- but -RSB- just as visually lively , just as crammed full of clever and literate wordplay , just as screamingly hilarious as Shaun of the Dead .
... such a dead-on parody of the Michael Bay school of loud , senseless and bombastic action cinema that it gave me an authentic Bad Boys headache .
There is n't a scene in Edgar Wright 's Hot Fuzz that 's as deliriously funny as his minute-long contribution to Grindhouse .
Hot Fuzz appears to be England 's attempt to prove to Hollywood that it can make brawny , blustery blockbusters every bit as noisy as those churned out by Tinseltown on a weekly basis .
Since Hot Fuzz is from the guys who brought us Shaun of the Dead , you can expect more of the same attention to detail , heartfelt homages to the genre , elaborate set pieces , flawless comedic timing , and ace acting augmented by top-notch writing .
The funniest film of 2007 .
You never quite grasp just how bad most comedies are until you see one as good as Hot Fuzz .
A bit of a disappointment ... if only in the sense that it should have been even better . Chop out 20 minutes or so , and this thing would be blinding .
-LSB- A -RSB- very funny cop comedy .
Serpico meets the zombies at high noon as Pegg and Frost take a stab at the mock buddy cop movie with some funny lines but overall mixed results .
It 's a triumph of complicated tone that solidifies Wright as a top shelf director and Pegg and Frost as this generation 's answer to Abbott and Costello .
David Lynch with a funny bone . Roman Polanksi with whimsy . Jerry Bruckheimer with a sense of irony .
Deeply nuts and exhaustingly hilarious .
It 's a little gloomier , a little coarser , and a lot more cerebral -- oh , and funnier than all the Reno 911 ! boxed sets combined .
This movie wants to tickle the funny bone while telling a story that 's worth telling . For the most part , -LSB- director -RSB- Wright achieves this aim .
What you get from Hot Fuzz is what you rarely see from Hollywood : Something genuinely smart and silly at the same time , a film and filmmakers that respect their characters , their audience and the genre at which they lovingly poke fun .
It has more laughs per scene than any film of its kind since the Naked Gun movies .
Hot Fuzz is fun , and it 's nice to see all the English character actors who are n't busy in Harry Potter films , but it lacks its predecessor 's freshness .
`` Hot Fuzz '' a joyous grab bag thrill .
Wright and Pegg know the genre and its codes too well to only be derisive of it . They 're having fun with it , sure , but they 're never mocking it .
A pace and a premise that defies gravity , sending some of the laughs over some heads .
Hysterical - a laugh riot . A high caliber mix of silly , smart , and odd humor propels this quirky story along with fervor . Great Editing .
There 's no denying that the filmmakers know how to set up and deliver a gag and that their handiwork is consistently hilarious .
A hilarious send-up to police action films like Super Cop and Bad Boys 2 , fuelled by British black humour and a few cartoonish but great gore gags .
Wright brings you close to the characters as well as to the action . It makes all the difference , as the dream team of Pegg and Frost lace the mayhem with mirth . It 's a blast .
The humor is dry and the satire raw .
A beautiful action film that 's over the top without being ridiculous and unique without being absurd .
Hot Fuzz supplies jokes while also striving to provide overblown shoot - 'em - up kicks , a fine line straddled with aplomb thanks to a nicely modulated -LRB- if overly long -RRB- script .
My patented scientific method for objectively judging comedy reveals a favorable chuckle-to-groan ratio , one dozen solid out-and-out laughs , and four roll-out-of-your-seat moments of uncontrollable hilarity .
So brilliantly clever that it 's guaranteed a place as one of the funniest movies ever made .
In director Edgar Wright and Pegg 's tight script , the humor works on several levels .
Another middle of the road movie in which most of the best bits were already blown in the trailers .
Endearingly overstuffed ... curiously high-strung ... -LSB- but has -RSB- a pleasing sense of the absurd ...
If you 'd like to see exploding heads among the hedgerows , this is your movie .
Two hours of some of Britain 's finest contemporary comedy writing .
Almost without cracking a smile , it 's thoroughly hilarious .
It is funny , inventive , furiously paced and the audience is expected to be as knowledgeable about Hollywood cop films as is the local policeman assisting Angel .
A straight-faced British spoof of everything from Yank crimers and slasher pics to Agatha Christie whodunits and homoerotic U.S. buddy movies .
A direct-to-video film in the best possible way . Sat cold with popcorn , the 1-D scatter-gags are three-star cinema . But as post-pub fodder for the chuckle-happy ? It 's a five-star masterpiece . My advice ? Go drunk .
It 's overlong , and finally falls apart , stuttering towards a number of indecisive endings . But mostly it 's a smart , funny , affectionate love letter to all things uncool - and far more skilful than its self-effacing humour suggests .
Wright and Pegg 's second film is n't as good as their first . That 's a common enough problem and Shaun of the Dead raised ridiculously high expectations .
The same impish -LSB- Spaced -RSB- spirit is uncorked here , but it has been fatally indulged .
Plenty of irrepressible fun ... and big , regular laughs .
The eye-popping action is worthy of the blockbusters it lampoons and a razor-sharp script packed with top one-liners make this easily the most arresting Brit-com of 2007 .
It has one thing its predecessors never had : a nice cup of tea and some biscuits once the dust has settled .
The film that Hot Fuzz reminded me of most was The Boys In Blue , in which Cannon and Ball played rural bobbies suddenly confronted with a real crime to solve . As you can probably guess , it was n't much cop . And neither is this .
It 's the lack of any serious intent that means too much of it is desperately unamusing , and unamusingly desperate .
Hilarious from start to finish , thanks to a terrific cast , inventive direction and a brilliantly written script .
It 's not a perfect template - running motifs are glaringly flagged up and there are at least two too many climaxes - but for both gags and thrills , few current British filmmakers come close .
The first half 's a blast , but as the comedy / action / horror / parody piles up , Hot Fuzz cools down . Needs more of a short , sharp schlock .
Who 'd have thought PC comedy could be so much fun ?
Even without the inspired idea of Shaun Of The Dead it 's an easy match for laughs , and marks Nick Frost as a vital part of this team 's appeal . The boys -LRB- now in blue -RRB- have done it again .
The movie , in many ways , is Agatha Christie getting triumphantly butt **** ed by Michael Bay . With jokes . And more than a dash of genius .
A movie you 'll still want to see again , if only to get all the mini-jokes .
Surely the funniest film you 'll see this year .





@highlight

The brilliant minds behind Shaun of the Dead successfully take a shot at the buddy cop genre with Hot Fuzz . The result is a bitingly satiric and hugely entertaining parody .