But there 's originality here , plus several fine performances -LRB- especially Buy -RRB- . And the places she visits are to die for . An armchair traveler could do a lot worse .
Maria Sole Tognazzi manages to keep her story true without falling into the romantic comedy territory . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A movie that explores masterfully things like being single or if life away from family can actually work . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
For this beautiful film , Maria Sole Tognazzi chooses subtlety and suggests more than shows . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Light but with a real heart ... See this film , if only to live vicariously through her job .
Essentially a character study that lacks much character itself ... elegant but ultimately slight .
A collection of carefully rendered details does not a movie make .
Tognazzi 's slow-to-warm A Five Star Life is plush with swank , following a high-minded `` mystery guest '' around the world , a wandering critic of luxury hotels and resorts on what appears to be a well-furnished yet aimless voyage through life ,
Flatly told and highly familiar .
Manville delivers a fascinating , feminist monologue on sexuality and self-empowerment that transforms the film from a pretty but superficial look at the lifestyles of the rich and fatuous to something much more thought-provoking .
Maria Sole Tognazzi has directed a short , piquant movie about the difference between loneliness and being alone .
So slow-moving , the narrative takes forever to gain momentum , and when it finally does , it deliberately undercuts it .
Well-acted and shot , the picture is n't likely to knock anyone 's socks off , but on a scale of measured , intimate storytelling , it manages to articulate a sense of regret critical to the overall effort .
Its refreshing conclusion is more suited to ambiguous European sensibilities than the all-American desire for happy endings or at least concrete resolutions ...
There is a warm naturalness to the dialogue , and Buy is wonderfully evocative .
It 's not for everyone . Do n't let that dissuade you .
A frothy romantic comedy tinged with melancholy and yearning .
One of those rambling European films with little plot but lots of atmosphere ...
This Italian romantic dramedy needs a little room service , because the romance , comedy and drama are sometimes in short supply .
In a word , A Five Star Life is rich . See it and you 'll understand what I mean .
Margherita Buy very much deserved the -LSB- Italian Oscar -LRB- R -RRB- -RSB- she won for her role ... And although -LSB- it -RSB- can be slow at moments , in its own way , it 's an important film about women , and should be seen .
The final destination of `` A Five Star Life '' is well worth the wait , but the service is so slow that some viewers may check out early .
Putting her seemingly content protagonist through very low-key emotional crises , director Maria Sole Tognazzi gently explores what it means to be unmarried , middle-aged and female .
Maria Sole Tognazzi 's romantic comedy proves more effective as a resort showcase than as an emotionally involving narrative .
You wo n't find much heft in Maria Sole Tognazzi 's Italian dramedy , but it 'll make for a decent mini-vacation if you could use a brief escape .
`` A Five Star Life '' shows something not often seen in American cinema , at least in films that are n't police procedurals : It shows an ordinary citizen doing her job .
Narratively and emotionally , this weirdly becalmed trifle by Maria Sole Tognazzi ends up almost exactly where it started .
With a lot of travelogue-type footage and some introspection , director Maria Sole Tognazzi 's A Five Star Life finds a new angle to the women 's issues we thought we already settled , or at least had enough of for now .
A frequently sumptuous pleasure to watch .
Tognazzi shoots her material with stately grace but a distinct lack of energy , which is also true of Buy 's composed but inert lead performance .
The director diligently keeps her heroine 's ego in check , and that 's awfully principled of her , but her audience may feel as if they 've inadvertently booked a trip with no destination .
A delightful comedy about a woman with a profession to die for but who would almost gladly give up the endless plush hotels if the right man came along .

@highlight

Modest to a fault , A Five Star Life is worth seeing chiefly for Margherita Buy 's marvelous work in the central role .