The actors are left grasping for laughs as the script tries to figure out just what it wants to be .
... this Animal House of private girls schools is a motley misfit of a misfit comedy that offers outrageous antics in place of actual humor .
The result is too competent to be a travesty and too ordinary to be interesting .
Firth looks like he 's changing his mind about being in this movie WHILE the cameras are running .
Every scene is so frantic and desperate to make you laugh , to be clever , to be naughty and none of it worked .
St. Trinian 's is a painless onslaught of dumb gags , gratuitous cheesecake , random movie allusions , and general nonsense , but the classy cast -LRB- which includes Gemma Arterton , Toby Jones , and Stephen Fry -RRB- helps earn it a passing grade .
I suspect this boorish , crude , often vulgar British comedy lost a great deal of its jolly credence whilst crossing the Atlantic .
A tame , glittery spoof without a brain in its head or a character worth caring about .
Anyone with a fondness for the midcentury cartoons and films that inspired this scrappy comedy will appreciate the latest trip to the titular British boarding school .
A stunningly witless revival of the infamous British film series about a girls ' boarding school .
St. Trinian 's is a hoot , but it 's thrown-together , haphazard feel will only grate on the sensibilities of cineastes or aesthetic and moral prudes bent on decrying `` yoof '' culture -- although it 's only moderately rude by contemporary standards .
Sadly , the level of deviance hovers around iCarly levels , as does the sophistication of the humor .
Bad in ways that are almost endearing ...
Quirky British boarding-school comedy has iffy messages .
It 's an impressive bit of slumming by some name actors revisiting a childhood favorite -- a bit as if Hollywood had somehow convinced William Hurt to help restart Lost in Space , or Robert De Niro to do a Bullwinkle movie . Oh , wait .
Sadly , the movie is a zoo .
indifferent to storytelling , craft and , dare I mention , fresh ideas
With the right attitude this cheerfully calculated effort to update the old girl for a tween market can be enjoyed in all its endearing awfulness , as a loony High School Musical with posher accents and a lot more going on upstairs .
Rupert Everett also expertly mangles the plum role once inhabited by Alastair Sim .
Rowdy 12-year-old British girls might get some modicum of narcissistic pleasure from `` St. Trinian 's '' -LRB- loosely based on Ronald Searle 's WWII era cartoons -RRB- , but no one else will .
St.Trinian 's represents a travesty of the British comic tradition .
... the relentless emphasis on off-the-wall shenanigans proves instrumental in cultivating an unexpected -LRB- yet palpable -RRB- atmosphere of oppressiveness .
It is smart-arse rather than witty and the predictable sight gags -LRB- the fart cushion gets a trot -RRB- seem to have been dreamt up by a committee .
Everett 's Camilla Fritton , sporting a blonde wig reminiscent of another Camilla , spits out lines through prominent teeth and indulges in ` me time ' at the easel , brush in hand % u2026 There are some good ideas and a few laughs , but it 's all a bit Camilla-on
Lacking any really sharp dialogue , the film just about goes the distance by juggling its characters in short , sketch-like scenes and inserting occasional musical montages .
Everett almost single-handedly sustains the film , thanks to a nicely pitched turn as the headmistress with a heart .
Surprisingly enjoyable comedy with strong comic performances , lively direction and several decent gags .
When you look at it again , the old film was not only superior but rather more radical . This St Trinian 's looks as if it is aiming at the lowest common denominator , and finding it too often .
The old St Trinian 's movies with Alistair Sim were n't exactly comedy classics , but they look like gold next to this feeble , sloppily written caper .
no girl or boy over the age of 12 would be attracted by anything so puerile , while its UK certificate and occasionally risqué subject matter rule out under-12s .
Talulah Riley is simply sensational and newcomer Gemma Arterton pulls off a brilliant debut as sexy head girl Kelly .
While unlikely to have anyone cheering in the stalls , St Trinian 's is nowhere near the calamity it should have been , even if it comes within striking distance more than once .
Ofsted inspectors can expect nightmares ; everyone else will be mildly amused .
Innocence is entirely absent from this extremely dubious addition to the big-screen adventures of Ronald Searle 's cartoon creations .
Camp fun , and catnip for a demographic that British cinema does n't often bother to please .
A monumentally naff film .
Colin Firth 's humiliation is a thing of wonder . His entire career on screen and stage is beautifully sent up before our eyes .
Heavy-handed at times and poorly plotted , but energetic and funny . A suitably undignified return to the screen for the notorious school and its out-of-control pupils .
that ` jolly hockey sticks ' vibe feels outmoded with the only efforts to update the concept being shorter skirts and push-up bras .
The target audience - pre-teen girls - are n't going to notice the many shortfalls behind the camera . What they 'll enjoy , regardless of quality , is some naughtiness true to the spirit of the series , Russell Brand and Girls Aloud .



@highlight

Both naughtier and campier than Ronald Searle 's original post war series , this St. Trinian 's leans on high jinks instead of performances or witty dialogue .