-LSB- Brenda -RSB- Blethyn as the beleaguered Elizabeth , who is both transforming and transformative .
Though the arc of the story is fairly predictable , Brenda Blethyn and Sotigui Kouyate bring humanity to their roles .
The film is a matter of Brenda Blethyn 's performance vs. Sotigui Kouyate 's presence .
There is n't a whole lot of nuance in writer-director Rachid Bouchareb 's unapologetically political story . But Blethyn 's performance ultimately draws viewers in .
It would be nice to say that Bouchareb , who also wrote and directed `` Days of Glory '' and `` Outside the Law , '' succeeds . He does not entirely . But he does n't fail , either .
Powerful . Director Rachid Bouchareb draws excellent , haunting performances from Blethyn and Kouyate . Ultimately moving and cautionary , `` London River '' should n't be missed .
Not surprisingly , the choice of the actress who played lead female character in Mike Leigh 's `` Secrets and Lies '' betrays an affinity for Leigh in more than just the casting -- and there 's nothing wrong with that .
-LSB- T -RSB- wo strangers surprisingly find that horror makes the globalization of terror very personal -LSB- with -RSB- Blethyn 's convincing performance -LSB- as -RSB- a desperate mother .
An engaging morality play about the quest of an English woman and an African Muslim to find their children after the 2005 terrorist attack in London .
Blethyn and Kouyaté inhabit and expand the film 's earnestly instructive intentions , leaving us with a deeply-felt experience rather than a naively-sketched lesson .
`` London River '' features on-target acting by its two leads , but they receive scant support from the wobbly plot .
Bouchareb 's greatest accomplishment is successfully tackling class , grief and Islamophobia .
Demonstrates how great acting can infuse a banal , politically correct drama with dollops of emotional truth .
There 's such a graceful sense of restraint in how this real-life tragedy is treated , one that filters any potential for ripped-from-yesterday 's - headlines sensationalism through a respectful requiem of loss and grief .
Bouchareb brings a measured hand to this intimate , occasionally overdetermined sketch of the aloneness at the center of our global confluence .
Although the film occasionally cuts away to contextualized clips from news reports , it keeps its focus small-scale , filtering the world historical through the intimately personal .
The film 's message about these worried individuals and the larger family of all humanity is a bit obvious at times , but the performances keep you watching .
The emotion feels credible , the connections seem real and , if only briefly , the title truly earns its metaphor -- the same river does run through us all .
Un retrato humano , sobrio y sensible , que reflexiona sobre los prejuicios y la tolerancia racial , cultural y religiosa en el contexto de los atentados terroristas de Londres . Estupenda labor de sus dos protagonistas .
This gentle melodrama uses the July 2005 terrorist bombings in London as a jumping off point for a tender tale of clashing cultures united in grief .
A low key drama about parental instincts crossing international/cultural/religious boundaries as well as a haunting reminder about how little we know our children once they 've fled the nest , London River feels unexpectedly one-dimensional .
This is a noble tribute to a day we all witnessed five years ago , and pray we will never see again .
London River effectively sidesteps direct comment and full-blown tragedy in favour of mild melodrama and a heartening dose of diversity-studies sermonising .
Quiet and contained , this film feels like a TV movie due to its somewhat gentle look at a serious issue . But there 's real strength in its performances
Old fashioned and low key , London River feels like a dour kitchen sink chamber piece from the Sixties .
It 's taken a very long time to get released here . But London River is a thoughtful , resonant meditation on 7/7 .
An insight-filled take on prejudice in post-11 / 7 London that packs a hefty punch .
In the film 's latter stages , Blethyn 's heart-on-the-sleeve acting style finally combines with the marvellous Kouyaté 's watchful intelligence and frail dignity to moving effect .
There 's only been one 7/7 film before this -- the shrill nonsense-fest that was Incendiary . Thankfully , this is much better .
An engrossing and engaging drama with two fine performances by two veteran actors .
Blethyn brings tremendous empathy to the introspective , determined Elisabeth , while the tall , gaunt and dreadlocked Ousmane fleshes out his less-dimensional role with a haunting sadness that speaks volumes .


@highlight

London River is a showcase of dynamite acting that more than overcomes its politically blunt story .