Tribulations of a Jewish fellow in a mostly Christian college . For Philip Roth fans especially .
What ensues is slow and wordy but beautifully acted and turns out to be about fate , choices and why a boy should always listen to his mother .
The surprising ending recasts the story in a different , darker light than you may otherwise have seen it . Roth 's work has n't generally translated well to film , but this adaptation raises hope that more filmmakers will tackle him .
Indignation resolutely remains a solitary character study , and it challenges viewers to look inward for a glimpse of their own quiet redemption .
We never connect to him as an individual to care about ; he 's a stick figure created to bear the brunt of all the angst directed at the outsider in an unforgiving social order .
First-time director James Schamus , who also wrote the screenplay , makes solid explicit and implicit statements about this oppressive , enervating environment , but the dramatic arc often lacks energy as the story bogs down .
James Schamus , the longtime maverick film producer who co-wrote many of Ang Lee 's films , adapts the 2008 Philip Roth novel and directs this measured , serious , heavily introspective coming-of-age drama .
The philosophical debate at the heart of the film works better than the sensitive romance around it .
Despite occasional -LRB- brief -RRB- flashes of resistance , when a personality threatens to surface , Marcus is so passive , he 's practically inert .
The period detail is reverent , every sweater and side-parting just-so . Yet the stifling design makes a good fit for the airless world in which Marcus is marooned , and the reminders of darkness and death at the edge of the film relieve the prettiness .
A compelling drama .
As a 1950s private school boy Logan Lerman -LRB- Percy Jackson -RRB- does a splendid job in this dialogue-driven rites-of-passage drama that canvasses the secret euphoria of major league sexual awakening and the challenge of facing down authority .
Indignation rolls along with its own momentum , which , given how well the protagonist is drawn by Schamus and Lerman , is a good thing .
The film overall is atmospheric , involving , well acted and beautifully written , and Tracy Letts is wonderful as the infuriatingly reasonable Dean .
I 'm glad Indignation exists . In its own , quietly explosive way , it leaves a very human stain .
A superbly acted and rather poignant coming-of-age drama set in 1951 which ... portrays a promising `` American '' life undone by the fates .
An elegantly muted , unashamedly talky period drama .
All this is tribute to how Schamus both respects the text , its narrative thrust and its thematic undercurrents , while allowing it to breathe and open up before us .
Indignation , I 'm pleased to report , pretty much nails it on all counts .
Indignation is undoubtedly old-fashioned but realised with admirable craft and intelligence .
Marcus is constantly reminded of the fact that even small mistakes can have serious consequences and the film uses this to subtly explore whether an emphasis on conformity cultivates a fatalistic psyche by forcing us to deny our most basic yearnings .
Finally , a Philip Roth adaptation that works .
Think Dead Poets Society ... without the grandstanding .
An unassuming , low-key film that tells it story with an elegant and steady hand .
Schamus shows just how easily a life can unravel . That 's what makes Indignation such grim but poignant viewing .
The pace plods , and this heavily furnished , inadequately ventilated movie never entirely comes to life .
Indignation is an adaptation of Philip Roth 's 2008 novel and amazingly , for an adaptation of a Philip Roth novel -- see the recent dog 's dinner that was American Pastoral , for example -- it may even be worth two hours of your time .
Indignation is exquisitely crafted and beautifully acted .
It 's considerably too polite to do Philip Roth justice .
It 's very solid and admirable , if hardly a fun time at the flicks .
Writer-producer James Schamus ' elegant directorial debut .
A film that succeeds in infecting the viewer with its message , thanks to a determinant and precise distribution of the characters . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The refinement of Schamus 's storytelling is up to the task of evoking the novel 's honest , yet complex notions , making this the best Roth adaptation in decades .
A mildly interesting coming-of-age tale , nothing more .
Near the top of the heap of this year 's deep-dish character studies , with special praise to Roth , Schamus , Lerman , Gadon , and Letts .
Schamus uses minimal narration and a spare directorial style to make the inner lives of his characters intelligible , without losing their complexity .
This film is deeply , admirably unsentimental , with direction so seamless that only in the fine work of the actors is an agenda laid bare .
All the elements of the movie -- the acting , production design , music and cinematography -- are beautifully and meticulously done .
Based on Philip Roth 's 2008 novel , this fine period drama feels both simple and intimate while at the same time effectively covering complex moral , spiritual , intellectual , and romantic themes .
A triumph of elegant writing , exquisite acting , and a vibrant spiritual treatment of righteous indignation .
Indignation may indeed be the best of the Roth adaptations , but it also illustrates just how difficult adapting Roth can be .
Indignation attempts to tackle too many subjects that it ca n't find a balance for .
`` Indignation '' starts off quiet and staid . But there are forces gathering under the surface , ready to capsize Marcus ' carefully-laid plans , and the film ends with the weight of classical tragedy .
Indignation is a literate film for adults to appreciate . The period costuming and production design is gorgeous . James Schamus ' directing debut is a promise of things to come .
The performances hold it together , including a scene-stealing turn from Linda Emond as Marcus ' mother .
Lerman 's stirring reading of Marcus turns out to be the prime calling card of Indignation : a detailed portrayal of a young man so intent when it comes to matters of the mind , yet unsure of everything else .
While some elements feel dated , Marcus ' frustration as he rails against older authority figures is easy to identify with .
Goodbye , Columbus becomes Goodbye , Indignation .
A coming-of-age tale from another era , one whose rules , obligations and constraints prove to be wryly comic and ultimately tragic .
Lerman projects a unique sensitivity , even when playing someone as callous as Marcus can be . He does n't have that modern aura some actors bring to period pieces to make them less convincing .
A Proustian parody of 1950s potboilers that 's dry , dated , and not nearly as droll as Roth no doubt intended .
` Indignation ' is a very literate and compelling drama . Its major flaw is that writer-director James Shamus tries to cover too much ground .
James Schamus ' successful adaptation and remarkable directing debut of Indignation is a cinematic joy for grown ups who enjoy the challenge of complex , intelligent drama based on characters
The result is an engrossing coming of age film with a dark underbelly , propelled by logical argument and emotional turmoil
Admirable - but tedious - serving as a tragic reminder of the consequences of America 's once-prevalent , puritanical moral conformity ...
Mature , meticulous and faithful in its own fashion , this is the best of the Roth adaptations that have come out in the last 15 years .
There 's something glorious about a conversation that goes on , and on , and on , especially in an age where the conventional wisdom in movies is to keep it short and to the point .
I expected something more powerful from the screen Indignation than it managed to deliver .
Despite its pluses , `` Indignation '' often plays like a heavy handed after-school special . It 's not so much indignant as it is tedious .
Indignation is as finely calibrated a drama as one can find , and Schamus finds the exact spot where he can tap the glass to make the whole world shatter around us .
The production design , period wear and Jay Walden 's violin-propelled score all hit the right notes in this sad tune . Most of all , so do the charged and revealing performances of Lerman and Gadon .
Indignation is a film in a minor key , one that engages the intellect but not , quite , the emotions . Still , Schamus plays it beautifully .
-LSB- Schamus -RSB- shows a steady hand , yet the film nevertheless feels cautious and underplayed .
`` Indignation '' is an elegant debut for longtime producer Schamus ; a visit to the past , with both sunshine and darkness .
With its mature perspective on distant formative years , the film feels true to the spirit of Roth ; little from the deep wellsprings of the great novelist 's fiction is lost in translation .
Lerman and Letts create a dramatic dance full of theatrical flourishes and comic beats , igniting the fireworks for a grand finale . But for all the sweaty moments and resentful glares , Schamus never cooks up a crockpot of stewing outrage .
Though it could use more dramatic juice , Indignation succeeds as absorbing , intelligent , grown-up cinema .
It 's a shame that his try is ultimately too dismal to properly register .
Indignation is an engaging and often haunting drama that benefits substantially from the career-best work of its three central actors .
Writer and director James Schamus turns Indignation into a minor period piece , a precise but seemingly pointless evocation of the stultifying conventionalism of an American university campus in the 1950s .
The movie has a nice , exquisite feel to it , as though you 're watching something that is smart but delicate at the same time .
Schamus gets the suffocating look of 1951 American academia just right , with its sweaters and skirts , and with a rose motif worthy of Citizen Kane . What 's missing is any real drama or purpose .
The most striking moment is a quietly fierce monologue from the boy 's mother -LRB- veteran character actress Linda Emond -RRB- in which she talks him down from marrying the fragile young woman .
The directorial debut from James Schamus ... asks us to overlay the stifling conformity of the early 1950s onto our own relative freedoms and ask what they mean .
This is one helluva compelling film that presents us with several of the very best performances of the year .
Despite the material 's fit , the story 's relentlessly downbeat tone is challenging .
A beautifully realized adaptation of Philip Roth 's novel about minor decisions and major consequences .
Longtime screenwriter and producer James Schamus adapts longtime novelist Philip Roth 's novel of love and death and Midwestern collegiate life , and turns what might have been an exercise in mid-century nostalgia into something vital and resonant .
It 's a fascinating look at a brilliant young man coming into his own in a time that does n't seem prepared for him , and Schamus handles the material with the respect it deserves .
Thoughtful and reserved , perhaps even to a fault , `` Indignation '' winds up packing a wallop far greater than its modest parts might suggest .
It is a movie about ideas and living with them . Well , that and sex .
Indignation is one of those films that creates the impression of little happening , when in fact Schamus , and Roth , are pulling levers of life-and-death importance .
The movie respects Roth 's coming-of-age reverie while ever so gently questioning it , or at least tilting it sideways .
For a film that gathers this much talent , Indignation should be a little more moving . Or a little more anything , really .
Handles with exquisite patience and craftsmanship , locating all the Roth-ian ills of the world without sacrificing pure storytelling and a mesmerizing concentration on blistering confrontation .
James Schamus ' elegant , thoughtful adaptation of Philip Roth 's novella is easily one of 2016 's best films ... incredibly faithful to both the spirit and the letter of Roth 's work -LSB- and -RSB- showing a full appreciation of both its language and its style .
Like the best wines and the best films , there 's a complexity to the finish , so that it reverberates with meanings beyond the obvious . `` Indignation '' has the disconcerting quality of truth and is an altogether adult piece of work .
Schamus delivers Philip Roth to the screen with his claws intact . It 's riveting cinema . Lerman and Letts give performances that will knock the wind out of you .
Schamus ' directorial debut is remarkable , capturing the male moodiness of Roth 's work . The brilliant young leads only elevate the already rich material .
Schamus wants the heat to arise from the story , not the stylistics . Good thing he cast his film so well .
Some of what 's cut is missed - there 's less of Marcus ' father , and of Marcus ' gay roommate - but on the other hand , nothing here feels unnecessary .
Drawing superb performances from each and every one of his actors , Schamus meticulously makes every shot , and every gesture contained within that shot , count .
`` Indignation '' might be dismissed as a small , exquisite period piece , but it is so precisely rendered that it gets deeply under your skin .
`` Indignation '' tells a very particular story , one that 's bittersweet , heartbreaking and bleakly comic all at once , and it gets it right .
In its portrait of American youth as a high-stakes affair instead of the extended play-date it is today , `` Indignation '' is devastating , haunting and important .
Though Schamus is a seasoned , respectful adapter of Roth 's prose , it 's just plain hard , if not impossible , to do full justice to the novelist 's mercurial shifts between irony , knockabout farce , regret and outrage .
`` Indignation '' is very much the sort of venture Mr. Schamus has often championed as a producer-ambitious and provocative , a must-see for anyone who cares about independent film .
-LSB- Gadon and Lerman 's -RSB- sizzle together is enough to sell Schamus ' rather less interesting interpretation of Roth 's novel as a low-boil romantic tragedy .
One of Philip Roth 's lesser known novels becomes the best movie adaptation to date with a fine Logan Lerman and two Oscar worthy supporting turns from Tracy Letts and Linda Emond .
Finally , a Phillip Roth book has been properly adapted into a movie !
Surprisingly potent .
Handing the movie over to the protagonist does have its benefits . Notably , it allows Lerman to deliver an exciting , detailed performance .
It 's not the Roth movie that `` gets '' it - that transports his specific tone and charm -LRB- and , sometimes , epic lack of charm -RRB- into cinema . But it is the one that finds its own voice while piggybacking off of his .
Schamus 's style is deliberate but not cold , and the performances he has elicited are passionately deliberate .
Has an authentic exterior but too little beneath the surface .
A lovingly-shot , beautifully-acted adaptation that 's sporadically engrossing but lacks any forward momentum . It feels like a series of clever vignettes that all say basically the same thing .
It 's difficult to care about anybody .
You can keep your 3D and blue screen . For my money , the most exciting scene of the summer comes as Logan Lerman and Tracy Letts let it rip in this Philip Roth adaptation .
James Schamus 's screenplay is rich with culturally specific details that deepen these forking moral predicaments .
This is the first movie -LSB- Schamus -RSB- has directed , and the rhythm of the storytelling feels careful and courteous to a fault . Yet Marcus 's plight is genuinely grave , and Schamus sets up delicate visual rhymes that are not in Roth .
The finest performance yet from Logan Lerman .
Schamus richly captures the angst of his Jewish protagonist , who is the alter ego of the author as a college student on a campus of mostly gentiles .
It 's a great-looking movie , but it 's a museum piece , seeming too often to be posed rather than captured .
Anchored by an exquisitely crafted script and fine-tuned aesthetics , Indignation offers a compelling twist on the coming-of-age genre with intelligence and wit to spare .
Schamus wrings out the vigorous dialogue by letting a standard plot fall by the wayside and have the film luxuriate in a number of spectacularly heated conversations .
An endearingly straightforward , intimate character study and one that remains wholly relatable .
... the tragedy of this tiny story is that it is so tiny , so inconsequential in the grand scheme of things .
Indignation is a dedicated , unadorned drama of ideas , but Schamus has filled the picture with subtle artistry , from his exacting period detail to his judicious placement of Jay Wadley 's looping , foreboding score .
Indignation recalls a crueler time in history , in a manner that offers a strong reminder that melodrama , when executed so well and acted to the nines as this is , is n't always a profanity as it 's so often treated .
I felt Marcus ' disconnect ; his lonely alienation where social interactions are like business deals .
-LSB- Sundance 2016 -RSB- The stilted staginess of the proceedings and a lack of cathartic resonance leave each scene feeling labored .
Unfortunately , on the whole , Schamus ' debut feels too self-serious to fully engage .
Brilliantly captures the complexity of a human reaction to intimacy .
A warmly satisfying screen translation of a work by an author who has rarely been served well on film .
This may be Schamus ' directorial debut , but he 's no amateur , and his experience - both in cinema and in life - comes through onscreen , supplanting whatever puerile energy a younger helmer might have absorbed from its tightly-wound 19-year-old protagonist .

@highlight

Indignation proves it 's possible to put together an engaging Philip Roth adaptation -- and offers a compelling calling card for debuting writer-director James Schamus .