Sending a gang of adolescents off to a foreign holiday is practically the oldest trick in the book , but it 's still thoroughly entertaining .
The Inbetweeners Movie goes where plenty of sex comedies have gone before , but its rambunctious personality makes it worth the trip .
Plenty of funny bits , and apart from some fairly appalling underlying sexism -- guys , screw up all you like , the movie says , because the nice , pretty girls will forgive any transgression -- it actually attempts to have heart as well .
As predictably sophomoric as `` The Inbetweeners '' can be , it 's the ways you stay ahead of it that amplify the laughs . No romantic or sentimental moment is too tender to undercut .
The characters are mostly stupid and rather thinly drawn .
There really is n't enough material here for a feature , with some scattered big laughs and exotic scenery not enough to compensate for a thin and episodic script .
Spring break , Brit-style .
You 've seen all this teenage male awkwardness , sexual misadventures and body fluids in so damn many American movies that British accents do n't make them any fresher .
If you found the show hysterical , chances are good that you 'll be laughing like a loon throughout the movie as well .
You may not be proud of it , but you 'll probably find something to laugh at in `` The Inbetweeners Movie . ''
I 'm disappointed that they turned my horny-teen comedy into a gross-out comedy .
Basically just another bawdy spring break movie - with an accent .
A torturous motion picture experience that I do n't recommend to anybody more mature than the protagonists .
The movie is apparently the most popular British comedy in history . I guarantee that its success has nothing to do with the quality of the actual movie ...
The audience should be interested in the antics of these idiots ... why , exactly ?
A disposable but inventive and intelligent series follow-up which satisfies as a standalone experience .
Who knew that when the `` Porky 's '' movies -LRB- finally -RRB- died , they went to England ?
A British Crumpet parallel to American Pie , this feature-length dose of boyish sexual fumbling and fantastically dirty British slang is bound to expand an American viewer 's vocabulary .
It 's vulgar in the extreme and technically rough , but with enough endearing moments to redeem the raunch .
The snicks and giggles of adolescence grow wearying yet again , despite a few witty bits , none of which are in McKenzie 's intrusive narration .
While I 'm sure the effort has proven popular with the faithful , newcomers should n't have trouble catching up with the shenanigans , which are largely amusing and enjoyably obvious .
What primarily redeems the Inbetweeners movie is that it 's so surprisingly tender and sweet .
Oh , the hilarious awkwardness of placing privileged white kids in a place where they do n't belong .
Even the show 's disciples may feel like they 've been cheated .
To say it 's basically a British Superbad or American Pie does n't allow for the real and nearly surreal comic possibilities of poise and genteel wit applied to randy scatological high jinks .
The cast is fairly congenial , and this picture is kind of fun , if you do n't mind the exported recycling of American Pie and Judd Apatow .
-LSB- VIDEO ESSAY -RSB- `` The Inbetweeners '' does n't go far enough into its insinuated territory of sticky gross-out humor . `` The Inbetweeners '' keeps too much in the middle of the road .
A funny and worthy big screen end to a great sitcom .
It manages to spectacularly abandon all its small-screen smarts and charm .
One of the funniest films I 've seen all year . It 's faithful to the TV series and I can too easily relate to these four guys and their hilarious insecurities .
Crude slapstick and off-colour humour accompany four 18 year-old London lads as they head for Crete in search of girls . Based on the TV sit-com of the same name , everyone but fans will find this quickly tiresome .
As far as film adaptations of British television shows go , The Inbetweeners Movie is among the very best , which is probably faint praise considering the competition includes Kevin and Perry Go Large , Holiday on the Buses and Love Thy Neighbour .
The movie is rated MA15 + suggesting it 's suitable only for those over 15 , but the maturity level required is much less
Fans of E4 's cult sixth-form sitcom The Inbetweeners are laser-targeted by this feature-length excursion .
Brit sitcom The Inbetweeners , which tracked the travails of four male misfits in their last years at high school , makes a satisfying leap to the bigscreen .
Like any holiday , it is episodic and suffers from repetition but this is gag-for-gag the funniest film of the summer and a fitting end to a much-loved series . So long boys , it 's been great to know you .
It 's not big and it 's not clever , but boy will it have you laughing .
If you 're a fan of the show then you 're going to find a lot to enjoy on their overseas adventure .
Awkward , grotesque and heartwarming in equal measure .
With some sharp lines peppering the script , TV series director Ben Palmer knows he merely has to keep things moving to score in cinemas .
A painfully amusing watch .
One does n't require a Bergman or even a Fellini , it 's simply that this film takes every easy way out there is for its laughs .
The constant childish references to sex gets wearing , as do the ` eww ' gross moments , but if you 're an Inbetweeners fan , that 's what you 'll expect and no doubt enjoy .
It has two different gag ratios - the laughter one , and the urge-to-spew one . Both are high .
Updates the teen summer holiday formula surprisingly entertainingly , considering it does n't subvert it one iota .
Enjoyable , frequently hilarious teen comedy that sticks closely to the winning formula of the TV show and delivers crude sight gags , witty lines and strong , likeable characters , thanks to enjoyable comic performances from the four leads .
It 's a refreshing rebuke to the countless Brit period dramas and gangster pics we 're known for , but for the closure it seems to provide , it should be funnier and develop its characters more . Big fans will probably still enjoy it enough though .
Affection for the characters will bring fans in . But many will leave wishing the makers of one of the most enjoyable programmes of recent years had left well enough alone .


@highlight

It arguably plays most strongly to fans of the British series , but even viewers who have never seen The Inbetweeners on TV may find themselves won over by the film 's surprisingly tender ribaldry .