Though occasionally overwrought , peerless sequences , such as the sublime flight through a bamboo forest , ensure House Of Flying Daggers is a work of real beauty .
Gorgeous , but also very violent .
The studied , artistic affectations may prevent this Mandarin-language art house effort from being as kinetically potent as the films it emulates , but it more than compensates by offering up deeply felt emotions played out on a grand scale more than adequa
A gorgeous film in all respects , both accessible and artistically satisfying . Excellent .
Moments of astonishing greatness followed by yawn-inducing romance .
Though it 's full of action and suspense , House of Flying Daggers lacks the reverberations of Hero 's plot .
See it in a theater on the biggest screen you can find
Though it is by no means explicitly political , the film expresses a tragic exasperation with the tendency of politics to subsume the rights and lives of individuals .
Wonderfully conveys how the act of loving another can be a game , a sacrifice , a ruse , a weapon , a betrayal , and , most of all , a political act .
-LSB- Zhang -RSB- adopts a stylized but more naturalistic look for the visually sumptuous wuxia spectacle House of Flying Daggers .
Assim que a história parece prestes a se entregar a um clímax emocionante , o roteiro decide mergulhar no pior dos melodramas .
I 'd rather sit through a slide show of scenes from this movie than revisit 99 % of the fare churned out by Hollywood
Made me long for the days when director Zhang Yimou made intimate movies with emotional depth .
A soapy love story that gallops across a snowy Autumn Hallmark card .
Les fans du genre ne peuvent qu ` être ravis , les sceptiques le seront encore davantage . Un drame épique d'arts martiaux réussi n'en demeure pas moins .
It 's a gorgeous celebration of movement for movement 's sake , color for color 's sake , and athleticism for athleticism 's sake .
Zhang Yimou 's follow-up to Hero oddly feels more like a warm up .
Visually splendid , but anyone demanding more from a film than endless battles against overwhelming odds , fought by fellows who scamper through tree tops , is in for a letdown .
Another stunning martial arts masterpiece from Yimou Zhang .
If you loved `` Hero '' and `` Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon , '' then you 'll also enjoy the gorgeous `` House of Flying Daggers . ''
Scenes of such beauty they stun the senses
Yimou is a masterful director .
Basically the film is an excuse to show off the period 's silk tapestry and costumes , and a number of colorful and well choreographed battles .
While Hero offers a symphony of visual wonder and epic splendor , The House of Flying Daggers is a quieter chamber piece , but nearly Hero 's equal in grace and beauty .
A dazzler -- and almost as exciting as its title promises .
One of the most visually astonishing martial-arts fantasies ever made .
Lacks the narrative inventiveness of Hero or emotional payoff of Crouching Tiger . But , boy , does it ever dazzle the eye .
About as viscerally and visually exciting as film can get , and yet it is also fully , ripely romantic in a way that few modern films would dare .
As stunning as it is , it also serves notice that House of Flying Daggers will have none of the complexities of Hero .
Like Hero , this one is almost nonstop action , and fans of martial-arts films will surely love it just as much .
For all the action , it 's the human element that elevates House of Flying Daggers to lofty heights .
It 's not just escapism . ` Are you for real ? ' Mei asks Jin ; later , he asks her , ` Who are you , really ? ' These are questions with cultural as well as personal associations .
an enthralling picture that nearly overflows with the same kinds of breathtakingly beautiful action sequences that have now become Zhang 's calling card .
In the spirit of last year 's Hero , House of Flying Daggers elevates the martial arts flick into the realm of high art .
-LSB- N -RSB- ot quite as strong as Hero but several bravura sequences make it well worth seeing just the same .
Bountiful in human spirit ... and martial arts action , House of Flying Daggers is like no other film . Except for Hero , which was like no other before it .
Its main appeal , however , still rests with the beautiful images and haunting battles ; they 'll stick with you long after the particulars of the plot have faded .
It 's just about impossible to walk away disappointed from the thrills and beauties of Daggers .
A gorgeous , fluid , soulful and often astonishing bit of poetic fantasy .
Zhang proves that Hero was no accident with House of Flying Daggers , another Chinese period piece resplendent with a dazzling palette and soaring , ambitious fight sequences .
When one of China 's greatest directors dabbles in a genre of moviemaking he has n't before , and ends up offering two magnificent martial arts films in a row , it 's hard to complain .
Suffers by comparison with Hero 's entrancing superreality .
There are shots so beautiful in `` House of Flying Daggers '' that you want to yell at the projectionist to freeze the film .
An intoxicating cocktail of splendid visuals , spectacular action , state-of-the-art computer-generated imagery and some old-fashioned swashbuckling worthy of Hollywood 's Golden Age .
Appealing eye candy , but here 's hoping that Yimou goes back to making movies that can rattle a nation down to its core .
Flying Daggers is a martial arts love triangle ... a tale of love , betrayal and tragedy , with beautiful photography and solid performances .
The house of Flying Daggers '' is to a kung fu flick what grand opera is to karaoki .
The worst kung fu movie since Sammo Hung 's Heart of Dragon .
With a little more cutting and shaping , it might have been the best movie of 2004 ... The last 20 minutes of Daggers are almost pointlessly dull .
It is , at its heart , an emotional story about love and betrayal . In many ways , it is Yimou 's most accomplished and beautiful film .
Visually alluring in its exquisitely stylish execution , Yimou 's House of Flying Daggers is a riveting epic that soars beyond the boundless imagination .
It 's exuberant , exhilarating , poetic and -- intentionally and not -- rather silly .
Such a transcendent film -- not simply as an entry into its action-minded genre , but as a dramatic piece .
It is clear by now Chinese director Zhang Yimou is a master . How can I tell ? Well , like Hitchcock , Wilder , Hawks , Kurosawa , et al , he has an innate ability to make whatever genre he 's working in distinctly his own .
Martial arts have rarely been filmed with so much artistry .
This is the Wuxia masterpiece we 've been waiting for .
Zhang ... mixes old-school inventiveness with cutting-edge special effects .
It 's the ravishment of romance , adventure , nobility , betrayal , all those big , primary-colored old-fashioned movie emotions .
If pure action is your game , this House is your home .
This is the sort of film we 're intended to wallow in , barely coming up for air -- so dazzled , we barely need to breathe .
Like an extraordinary-looking but intellectually limited fashion model .
It 's a lovely , streaming , ceremonial movie , a little hard to totally accept if you have questions about the sort of love that requires testing by lethal blades .
Restores the lyricism of the movement , the poetry , and ultimately the meaning of the martial arts ballet .
It 's action opera , sword-and-sorcery song-and-dance , and it 's a heart-pumping , jaw-dropping thrill .
The film simply teems with eye-popping inspirations .
House Of Flying Daggers , veteran Chinese master Zhang Yimou 's followup to Hero , is not strictly a sequel but it is a glorious companion piece .
We get a movie that 's easy to look at but that leaves us emotionally cold .
Though less of a virtuoso work than Hero , House of Flying Daggers is much more emotionally immediate .
In a way , Flying Daggers might be compared to the great old MGM musicals that were driven in part by showy set pieces .
Delivers many of the absurd pleasures of opera .
The film is so good to look at and listen to that , as with some operas , the story is almost beside the point , serving primarily to get us from one spectacular scene to another .
It has sequences of balletic martial arts action that can knock you back , open-mouthed , in your comfy multiplex chair . Yet the movie amounts to frustratingly little by the time it 's over .
As exquisitely photographed as Hero , but with a genuine story .
Yet another dazzling display by Yimou .
Daggers is a jaw-dropping spectacle that outclasses ` Crouching Tiger '
Lyrically beautiful , with rich Oscar-winning sound - and a snoozer of a story .
House of Flying Daggers pierces the mind 's eye with its crazy beautiful images , then rends the heart .
House of Flying Daggers is loaded with the kinds of visual wonders that make adult moviegoers feel like giddy kids .
You could overdose on beauty at House of Flying Daggers .
The balletic battles are pure artistic magic ; yet the story exhausted me . How about a simple , straightforward story next time ?
Should set jaws steadily rebounding off of the theater floor . -LSB- Following -RSB- an honest-to-gosh masterpiece , it comes off as just the slightest example of diminishing returns .
The director has taken the martial-arts genre to its ultimate flowering : to ennoble women as full-fledged warriors capable of defending their own honor before deciding on the man they chose to love .
Offers more of -LSB- Zhang Yimou 's -RSB- beautiful photography , graceful staging , intricately choreographed fight scenes and metaphorical imagery .
It 's as thrilling and lushly beautiful a movie as has been released all year , matched only by Zhang 's epic Hero .
This is the most intoxicatingly beautiful martial arts picture I 've ever seen .
Here 's a film that oddly pleases two very different sides of my cinematic sensibility , the action-loving geek and the hopelessly romantic dreamer .
House of Flying Daggers is more like House of All My Children . With this many melodramatic twists and turns , Ziyi Zhang should have been replaced with Susan Lucci
An exercise in sheer joy . This is pure entertainment at its best , and one of the best pictures of the year .
An almost perfect expression of the genre ... may not warm the heart , but it will make it jump for sheer joy at the cinematic exuberance it displays .
For what `` Daggers '' is , a chop-socky epic , it is a stunning work worthy of inclusion with the best of the genre .
Martial arts saga mixes soap opera and sword-fighting action that will appeal to anyone who loved Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon .
An allegory for rape and the Chinese tradition of concubinage .
Zhang could not shoot an unbeautiful scene if he tried .
-LSB- An -RSB- even zippier , more cunning kung fu caper -LSB- than Hero -RSB- .
Techs are a marvel across the board .
If this is n't the most visually stunning film to be released in the U.S. this year , it 's second to Yimou 's Hero .
-LSB- M -RSB- ore beautiful and more romantic and more exciting and more spectacular and more everything -LSB- than Hero -RSB- ...
The action sequences are often joltingly spectacular -LRB- sure , you 've seen battles staged from the tops of bamboo trees , but never in quite-so-dense forests -RRB- but largely overbaked in the CGI department .
Gravity-defying and gorgeous .
An absolute must-see .
The movie is generous to a fault with its action , and the show-stopping set pieces are nothing short of incredible .
House of Flying Daggers is the rare film that inspires audiences to suspend a sense of reality and allow themselves to be transported , as if under a spell , to an alternate , fantastic world .
A feast for the eyes from beginning to end .
-LSB- It seems to deny -RSB- that love can be both spirited and faithful , enraptured and disciplined . -LSB- But -RSB- , the visual splendor outweighs the narrative 's missteps .
If you thought Hero was stunning to behold , House of Flying Daggers is even better .
The romantic adventure catches the eye but never penetrates the psyche .
The most gorgeous movie of the year .
An emotion-charged epic of style and sophistication that is exciting and at times humorous .
A visually kick-ass flick with elaborate costumes and design -- and not much else .
This may be House 's most oddly interventionist point , that the men 's desire is irrelevant .
The literal translation of Zhang Yimou 's latest is Ambush from Ten Sides , which pretty much sums up how the filmmaker has recently taken hold of the American imagination .
Even with contrived and exaggerated emotional moments and silly action , the movie has haunting images that will stay with you .
Symbolic martial arts romance ... sex and death offer a freedom but also a finality ... colorful , sumptuous , and often gorgeous .
-LSB- T -RSB- he sense of wonder Yimou strains for would be seriously hampered by his lack of humor even if he were one of the great stylists of movie history .
lush , poetic and soulful
Third art-house wuxia in a row with Zhang Ziyi the subject of violent sexual advances -- but the first that seems to take an unhealthy interest in the whole business .
Zhang -LSB- Yimou -RSB- has come out to play . Hero had action , you say ? Not compared to this .
It 's hard to take it as anything but unintended camp .
Eye candy at its thickest , richest and exotically spiciest .
The director is an audacious stylist , and the intricate , carefully constructed , special-effects-enhanced martial-arts sequences are riveting .
The most seamless piece of sensuous expressionism Zhang has created since Ju Dou .
An outrageously gorgeous spectacle of balletic aggression .
Great , fantastical fun .
a tedious ... excuse for this director to indulge his fetish for digitalized blood and daggers and ... immaculately composed nature shots
You 'll either think that Zhang 's new sumptuous , digitally Botoxed roustabout is simply doing what Hong Kong movies have been too fast , cheap , and out of control to do before or that it 's commodifying the tropes into a streamlined McSpectacle .
Beautiful to look at , Zhang Yimou 's most recent film from China has a cliched plot and a little too much overripe melodrama .
An outsized and endlessly pretentious romantic action-melodrama , in which the director has clearly lost any sense of moderation or self-discipline .
To broaden the commercial appeal of House of Flying Daggers , Zhang avoids political or other specifically Chinese issues and emphasizes the lavish spectacle .
` Closer to Kill Bill than Crouching Tiger , it 's a step backwards for the director ... but still a beautiful film '
Combined with Hero , this gives Zhang an amazing one-two stylistic action punch .
Beautiful to look at , but deficient in the plot department .
Prepare your eyes for popping .
The most unbelievable element in Zhang 's film is surprisingly enough the love story .
The next logical step for Yimou is to give up on plot altogether and simply film sword fights and death scenes set to haunting Chinese music .
Gorgeous cinematography , incredible landscapes , stunning fight sequences , and the seemingly ubiquitous Zhang Ziyi looking hot as ever
It has awesome cinematography and cleverly choreographed `` wuxia '' -LRB- chivalry and swordplay -RRB- but I preferred the visually dazzling `` Hero . ''
Each successive revealed secret is less believable and yet somehow more obligatory than the last , because , after all , this is an old-school Asian melodrama .
Its 2 hour length seems like 3 and the feeling of being cheated by an unending set of directorial switches becomes as inescapable as those boomeranging daggers .
One of the most beautifully moving wuxia films you 'll ever see .
Though it is in constant , breathtaking motion , Zhang Yimou 's gorgeous entertainment is not especially moving .
a grand adventure told with beauty , charm , and cinematic grace
Yimou 's explosive imagination threatens to burst the seams of the movie screen ... sublime , luscious filmmaking .
House of Flying Daggers is a bewitching work of art that succeeds as a sense-luscious drama , an amazing martial arts film and a romantic love story that touches the heart .
House of Flying Daggers has all the visual extravaganza of Hero but thrice its emotional heft , putting it on par with Ang Lee 's extraordinary CTHD .
Viewers looking for that perfect combination of art and entertainment will find it , in spades .
A visual , aural and emotional feast , storytelling as cinema can best do it .
... virtually every single scene is interesting on a purely visceral level .
My socks have officially been knocked off .
Yimou 's latest performance art is truly less concerned with the politics of a country than it is with the politics of the human heart .
This one is a feast for the eyeballs , a treat for the romantically-inclined , and a full-course feast for the action aficionados .
A wild riot of color , music , passion , action , mystery , pure old-fashioned thrills and even dancing . A new classic of its genre .
Yimou 's boldest move in his transcendent genre piece is to view the fate of civilization through the irrationality of the heart .
The action set pieces really are the core of Daggers , and these hit the mark with eye-popping accuracy and sonic elan .
With an engaging love story not on offer , we 're left with the action sequences , which are all terrific .
... a lot of the stuff started to feel a little too melodramatic and just did n't click for me .
Chinese master Zhang Yimou creates a gem in House of Flying Daggers .















@highlight

The visual splendor of the movie makes up for the weak story .