-LSB- Dawn of the Dead -RSB- manages to comment with wit and excitement on the same ideas that Time of the Wolf treats so seriously and glumly .
This quiet , contemplative look at a social apocalypse is intensely harrowing and stark .
Has a feral intensity .
Could n't be more boring and less entertaining , though it certainly was masterfully photographed .
It has the effect of a game in which the viewer needs to fill in the missing pieces .
When money , class , position , name , and education no longer mean anything , how do people relate to one another ?
Time of the Wolf is 28 Days Later without the zombies and Deep Impact without the meteor shower .
Does nuclear aftermath have to be this boring ?
A minimalist story about a minimalist future - it 's just not very entertaining .
Although the scenes are often dark and shrouded in mist , the film is replete with cinematic portraiture that sears itself into memory .
It 's a time travel film , in a sense -- not into the future , but into the undifferentiated past .
The questions the film raises are more interesting than the film itself .
When , after the fact , that missing fifth reel was shown , it made what was intriguingly vague now seem obvious , trite and drawn out .
A gravely realized and often chilling look at what might happen to ordinary people if all their support systems suddenly collapsed .
What it comes down to is this vital question : When the world ends , will there still be compassion , or will it have died much earlier ?
The French-language film traipses through such familiar territory , it 's hard to be as moved and devastated as we 're clearly supposed to be .
More than watchable , if less than compelling .
Subtlety is one of the tools utilized by the brilliant Haneke , who wisely learned from the masters instead of the hacks .
Unquestionably as bleak as it is thoughtful , insightful , and brilliantly realized
Chilly , tense corker .
While the first third of the film unfurls from Anna 's perspective , including the effect the societal breakdown has on her control over her children , the rest is more general and much less interesting .
Huppert , who did distinguished psychosexual duty in Piano Teacher , is note-perfect here .
One of the most harrowing and plausible visions of apocalypse since George A. Romero 's 1968 zombie shocker , Night of the Living Dead .
It 's unclear what lessons Haneke wants us to draw from this story .
A challenging , existential thriller .
One of the best Dogma films yet .
Haneke 's work is dark , visually and intellectually .
Haneke 's work is always unsettling , from Funny Games to The Piano Teacher . Here , he shakes up a familiar genre so that catastrophe feels imminent even after the screen goes dark .
Totally depressing , totally amazing .
As disaster movies go , this one needs soul .
One of the most depressing , if not agonizing , movies I 've ever seen .
Time of the Wolf induces a hunger for consolation , and forces you to scavenge for scraps .
This is one of Haneke 's least powerful films , although the excellent cast is interesting to watch .
In today 's digital bog of empty light and marketing deceptions , this is what early-millennium Euro art-film masterpieces feel like -- lean , qualmish , abstracted to the point of parable but as grounded as a gravedigging .
While Haneke 's storytelling is slow and his actors subdued , he draws the viewer in through strong imagery
A Blair-Witching of the apocalypse-themed movies , almost singularly undramatic .
It 's skilfully crafted and effectively depressing , but it feels pointlessly abstract . -LSB- blurb -RSB-
The film projects a sense of what a tiny window of time mankind has occupied in the history of the universe , and how quickly he could disappear again .
This is -LSB- Haneke 's -RSB- leanest , most brutal work since Funny Games .
Emotions are dulled , faces are deadpan , little is developed and hardly anything revealed about characters .
Where there is light there is life .
Haneke 's vision of society in ruins could be called 28 Days Later - but only because the pacing is so bad .
... much of the film is incredibly dull and banal .
Mantendo os personagens em uma escuridão quase permanente , o cineasta cria um sentimento sufocante no público , algo que se torna quase insuportável em alguns momentos .
By Haneke 's high standards ... it 's a minor disappointment , ultimately feeling more evasive than ambiguous .
An unspeakably timely exercise in despair ; an experience that leaves you feeling as exposed , as exhausted and as raw as its central characters .
Intensely involving and almost unbearably abrasive as Haneke tells the story without frills
The Time of the Wolf 's portrait of a civilization gone off the tracks tests us to consider exactly how much of the way we live is taken for granted .
The lack of any music , humor or dramatic urgency makes the film feel longer than its 113-minute running time .







@highlight

A lean and unsettlingly thriller .