As much as I resisted the Bob , I have to admit this is actually a pretty funny film .
The questions that the religious right needs to ask are how and why they ever confused homosexuality with pedophilia . Not only does blurring this issue do gays a disservice , it lets SpongeBob get away with murder .
Very similar to the edgy animated TV show .
It 's never afraid to break out of movie conventions and revert back to its series randomness and sheer Monty Python-esque humor that made it a hit with kids in the first place .
The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie takes on rather too much water during its extended feature-length submersion .
The Nickelodeon cartoon series about an oceanic sponge and his starfish sidekick washes onto the big screen with a tide of weak one-liners , exaggerated reactions , and vaguely nauseating gags .
Brilliantly funny , inventive and delirious .
There are a few laughs for adults in this film . There are a few clever cultural references . Mostly , however , I found it underwhelming .
The new feature film has some of the charm of the small-screen original , but it lacks the sustained goofiness of the series .
It 's back to the drawing board for the TV show 's creators , who have previously proven themselves capable of much better than this soggy and waterlogged miscalculation .
A film for kids , students , stoners , anyone who enjoys a break from reality .
Anyone expecting anything more risky will be sadly disappointed .
hile there is something a little familiar about the use of a journey narrative , and the hint of an uplifting message at the end of the film , the breezy insouciance , gleeful absurdity and wacky innocence of the series remains .
The story is so good-naturedly silly that while not exactly challenging , it should keep even the grown-ups at least smiling .
It has a freshness and energy that make a reassuring change from the typical hackneyed `` family '' films , both animated and live-action , that are ... foisted off on children .
... asks the audience to endure three times as much frenetic potty humor , repetitive jokes and screechy voice acting as they are used to . The result is exhausting .
SpongeBob 's resilient , Pollyana-like nature is hard to resist .
The film even manages to pull off a hilarious comic song -LRB- `` Now that we 're men ! '' -RRB- , as well as providing new additions to playground vocabulary such as `` Knuckleheaded McSpazatron '' .
Even when it misses the mark , SpongeBob drips with originality .
SpongeBob is still SpongeBob , and his unflagging innocence and lack of irony make for a much-needed and much-appreciated hero .
Normally , when I 'm watching it in my Scooby-Doo underwear eating my Cap'n Crunch cereal I do n't even think of it being a kid 's show but here I noticed it .
The writing is sharp and the characters cool , while at the film 's heart lies an innocence that resonates with us all .
Not too many films this year are truly `` sponge-worthy ! ''
Almost blissfully silly
Bright , funny and charming without being cloying .
Simply too much fun for anyone not to enjoy it .
Any resemblance between this big screen debacle and the sweet-and-funny Nickelodeon cable show on which it 's supposedly based is entirely coincidental .
Disappointingly damp .
SpongeBob is n't just a hit , he 's an institution . From a gang of pirates singing the theme song to countless variation of the Goofy Goober anthem , the audience of young and old sang along as if they were doing late-night karaoke .
Both kids and adults will want to soak this up .
SpongeBob SquarePants is one of those newer generation cartoons where obnoxiousness has replaced bitter sarcasm and gross-out humor has replaced violent slapstick .
-LSB- For -RSB- kids -LRB- and kids-at-heart -RRB- who can appreciate nerdy lunacy .
David Hasselhoff cameos are always funny .
Could SpongeBob , all gangly goodwill and ice cream appetite , be the anarchic savior for our stressed-out times ?
Viewing The Incredibles one night and SpongeBob the next is like spending a weekend in Paris before your visit to Fallujah .
The first half hour is unequivocally hysterical ... -LSB- but -RSB- there 's no doubt that for those of us over 12 , the appearance of the closing credits is not an unwelcome sight .
Should 've been better , glad it was n't worse .
As a movie , this is good TV .
If you are a non-parent and you 're entertained by this , wow , good for you .
It may be aimed at children , but my inner child was screaming , `` Get me out of here ! ''
This big-screen SpongeBob wo n't win over many new fans
The `` Baywatch '' veteran David Hasselhoff coming to the rescue of our animated friends livens the action .
There 's nothing you would n't expect -LRB- with the possible exception of live-action Hasselhoff -RRB- and everything you would .
Like the TV show it 's based on , it 's a daffy , enjoyable creation .
Sublimely ridiculous - and absolutely hilarious .
A cartoon sponge and starfish playing fisticuffs with a marauding biker on David Hasselhoff 's live-action backside is the most asinine image I 've ever seen at the movies .
Take the kids whether they want to go or not .
Watching 82 minutes of it in a theater made me as giddy and hyper as if I 'd eaten a pound of cotton candy and washed it down with crack .
The TV show delivers more laughs per half-hour than the movie , which also is directed by the show 's creators , Sherm Cohen and Stephen Hillenburg . But the perfect timing and the self-aware absurdity translate to the big screen .
The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie may be the most worthless thing I 've ever seen , but I enjoyed it .
Easily one of the best of the Nickelodeon big screen adaptations of their animated shows ...
An animated adventure that 's funnier than Shark Tale and more charming than The Polar Express .
Creator Stephen Hillenberg re-creates the TV show 's surrealist humor .
He 's the absorbent action hero , the porous pop cultural phenomenon , the hole-y of hole-y 's ... And as a movie star , he pretty much rocks , sometimes literally ...
We 're all goofy goobers deep down inside , and it 's great news that there 's finally a movie that invites us to embrace it .
These daffy sea creatures pale enormously next to the infinitely superior joys of The Incredibles and The Polar Express .
There are also some wild swings into surrealism .
What 's remarkable about The SpongeBob Squarepants Movie is how much care Hillenburg and his crew of writers , animators and actors have taken to make it undeniably movielike .
It is n't as consistently funny as some of the 11-minute TV episodes , but fans should be sufficiently absorbed that they 'll be able to ignore the fact that it 's a little waterlogged .
It 's silly , it 's sweet , and it 's full of all those adolescent jokes many find hard to resist .
For the most part , it 's an easy and happy stretch , big on slapstick and jokes that groan rather than gross out .
It 's all pretty goofy , occasionally perplexing -LRB- I dare not ask why Patrick sports fishnet stockings and heels in the final act -RRB- , and very cute , in an off-the-wall sort of way .
Retains the 2-D charm of the hugely popular Nickelodeon cartoon but adds a few tricks -- a little 3-D here , a little David Hasselhoff there .
Sherm Cohen , Stephen Hillenburg and their big team lay on lavishly flat but not old-hat animation , a color fiesta infiltrated by the spirt of fabled UPA -LRB- Mr. Magoo , etc. -RRB- cartoons and the enduringly cultish Pee-Wee 's Playhouse .
By the 60-minute mark this critic was becoming bored and wishing the ironic stuff gone .
It 's a tedious little time-killer that even a wacky , last-minute cameo by Baywatch 's David Hasselhoff ca n't rescue .
SpongeBob and Patrick make perfect heroes for a children 's adventure story . And , wonder of wonders , without apparent strain , just as on TV , they 'll please the grown-ups as well .
The ratio of hit to miss leans slightly on the plus side .
Hillenburg 's film actually has a sweet little message -- the importance of believing in yourself -- that is imparted in a way that does n't feel like the filmmakers are hitting you over the head with a 2-by-4 .
The movie chugs along beautifully with the same kind of off-the-wall verbal humour , physical slapstick and emotional pathos that fuels the TV show . There 's just more of it -- and a grand scheme behind it .
SpongeBob looks so slapped together and indulgently cruddy that its cheapness seems like a thumb in the eye of anyone who paid to see it .
The show , Pop-art colourful and simple in design , is delivered in 11-minute hits , two per episode . Truth be told , the full 99-minute movie does not entirely hold water ; it feels like three or four good episodes connected with plot padding .
The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie is an inventive-enough trifle that will make both parents and kids laugh . And that 's all it wants to be .
After seeing some super character development in , say , The Incredibles , SpongeBob is left looking all wet .
There are a couple of slow spots here and there , but there are also some laugh-out-loud and inspired moments .
Count SpongeBob SquarePants among those small-screen comic characters that ca n't quite make the leap to the big screen .
Put me squarely in the SquarePants corner : SpongeBob is an irresistibly amusing idea that deserves credit for the name alone .
That SpongeBob -- absorbent and porous and utterly hilarious is he .
Within this structure , the filmmakers have as much post-modern fun as possible , including live-action sequences , music videos and some stunningly rendered set pieces .
It 's not The Incredibles , or one of those animated features that spent zillions on character design , pedigree and verisimilitude . But SpongeBob is a sweet , silly thing with a child-friendly esthetic all its own .
The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie is full of action and silliness that will delight rug rats , but it 's still hip and absurd enough to entertain grown-ups , too .
A painfully extended version of a 30-minute TV episode .
Like the Nickelodeon show that inspired it , The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie understands that its animated hero is inherently weird , which makes him endearing and sort of chic .
All of this happens in jolly animation with bright colors and is ever so much more entertaining than you are probably imagining .
Sometimes you 'll be ashamed at yourself for laughing ... but other times you 'll be amazed at the sheer wit the writers squeeze into SpongeBob 's world .
You do n't have to be a knucklehead mc-spazzatron to enjoy this movie -LRB- but it probably helps -RRB- . SpongeBob fans are not going to be disappointed .
I would n't say SpongeBob SquarePants is particularly hilarious , though it does feature enough charming moments for three animated feature films .
Aquarium and seaside gift shops may never seem the same
SpongeBob 's other major strength , and the central theme of the movie , is the pure joy the cartoon takes in childishness
A brilliant work of comic art , just what children need to develop sophisticated senses of humor . It 's a South Park sensibility in a package that 's appropriate for kids .
It 's all innocuous , forgettable fun , but it 's firmly aimed at those who find underwear endlessly funny .
War is peace . Ignorance is strength . Freedom is slavery . SpongeBob is God .
To see the high-pitched sponge ... protest , `` I am 100 percent man ! '' is to laugh : do n't try to deny it ... Kids will have a ball ; parents will be forgiven a few cat-naps .
Harmlessly off-the-cuff -- but facing far more pedigreed multiplex competition -- SpongeBob barely rates as OK when compared with The Incredibles .
You got ta love SpongeBob .
Aims to be a whale of a tale but in the process dissipates some of the very clever hilarity usually squeezed into the brief small-screen episodes .
The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie is affable and laughable enough when it focuses on its ` stars ' but has been elongated and padded to the point of becoming boring .
The experience is such a breath of playful good humor that it 's difficult not to be happy it 's here .
If you have a seriously disturbed affinity for talking sink utensils , then SpongeBob will totally tickle your fancy .
Fans of the show may miss several recurring characters , including Bob 's pet snail Gary , which are mostly no-shows . And the college crowd may be disappointed in the relatively sparse number of pop-culture allusions .
Irreverent , goofy , irresistible .
Being so good is what led to making the movie , and it 's also the reason that many small-screen episodes are better than this big-screen venture .
The big-screen rendition of SpongeBob SquarePants is a marvel of unleashed childishness , like a birthday party on the edge of spinning out of control .
It bombards you with more dazzling colors , dreamlike shapes , and more out-of-the-blue sight gags than your inner child has seen in ages . Imagine a Jerry Lewis movie designed by Salvador Dali and you 'll have an inkling of what I mean .
I like my SpongeBob a little less lumbering , a little more free-associational , without that big , heavy anchor of a story structure to weigh him down .
It 's disappointing that Hillenberg did n't use his large-screen canvas to push the possibilities of the show .
SpongeBob amphibiously straddles the surreal and the real worlds as did Groucho , Pee-wee and Tinky-Winky before him .
Like a ` supersized ' episode of a half-hour sitcom or a cute kid stalling to avoid bedtime , it overstays its welcome .
Spongebob is as trippily goofy as ever , but it 's still just a television show on a big screen .
As the theme song goes : ` If nautical nonsense be something you wish ... Then drop on the deck and flop like a fish . ' The movie should have followed that mantra : too much message , not enough nonsense .
Alas , like so many TV personas who try to make the leap to the silver screen , SpongeBob and his pals are gasping for humor as well as air .
Like the TV show , the movie is a beguiling mix of '60s surrealism and the inane high spirits of very early Disney -LRB- think ` Steamboat Willie ' -RRB- . Yet , SpongeBob has a style all its own .
An object lesson in the pitfalls of extending a 10-minute cartoon to feature length .
I can hardly recount the many scenes of inspired madness , including the sight of David Hasselhoff shooting across the water like a human hydrofoil .
A fun , adventure-filled story rife with unexplored lands and clever , cute sea creatures .
' ... More then enough laughs to keep everyone , big and small , entertained . '
the essence of SpongeBob is the silliness of it all , which is on full display in this movie . Just be ready to see some SpongeBob booty .
No more than a stretched-out television episode -- which is quite good enough , if you 're a fan .
might be almost too clever
The best moments in his first movie outing are those that feel most TV-like , just another day in the eternally optimistic undersea society created with such contagious silliness by Stephen Hillenburg .
Works fine if you 're between the ages of 5 and 8 . I think .
Sprightly , colorful and fun ... Familiarity with the characters will doubtlessly increase the enjoyment , but even the uninitiated should have a pleasant time .
For fans only .
The film is not only true to the show 's zany spirit , but manages to sustain that zaniness for a whole 90 minutes .
smacks some surprisingly sophisticated wit into its take on the usual mass-produced , lifeless piffle that populates Saturday morning cartoons . Spongebob is hip




@highlight

Surreally goofy and entertaining for both children and their parents .