Once again the character representative of Christianity shows only selfish , shallow callousness while the character representative of Islam offers a well-spring of peace , rest , and reoriented perspective for the weary Western protagonist 's soul .
Thinking that a movie directed by Russell Crowe is good may be the film reviewer 's equivalent of crying : `` Look at the dog ! It walks ! '' But everything fits together , and it 's well shot and satisfyingly pacy .
There are some good scenes in Crowe 's directorial debut , but it mostly feels like a fumbled opportunity to make a much more significant film .
There 's no such elegance in The Water Diviner . Crowe 's performance is great but he 's basically a bull in a china shop , rampaging gracelessly through the emotionally reductive landscape of his film .
The film is filled with exotic locales , brilliant supporting actors and lots of drama and emotion . Well done , Crowe .
It 's the cinematic equivalent of switching between 40 open tabs on your computer for two hours .
There are fine things everywhere you look in this Australian historical drama . Yet , when it 's over , you 're still thirsty for a better movie .
This is a movie lacking in life or vibrancy , or any real emotions for us to actually connect to or relate to the characters ; it is enamoured by its subject matter and as such tries to make itself too respectful .
The preposterousness of -LSB- the story -RSB- is offset by Crowe 's powerful depiction of the horrors of war for both the Australians and Turks .
-LSB- This is -RSB- for the tiresome cynics who think that many films are n't about anything anymore , and would rather a film be definitively about something , than any good overall .
Crowe perfectly plays a dad going in search of the three sons believed to have been killed in action at Gallipoli in the First World War .
As expected , what an actor-turned-director like Crowe can do is pull strong performances out of his cast .
A well-meaning , worthy and , at times , moving ode to Gallipoli .
The Water Diviner feels almost too careful in its desire to hit all the right notes and do justice to all sides . Which makes it more of a war memorial than a living , breathing movie .
Russell Crowe 's well crafted if tonally uneven historical drama ... -LSB- is -RSB- sometimes stirring , sometimes sentimental and sometimes far-fetched .
The film is well-acted , beautifully photographed , and thematically rich . Russell Crowe may have a second whole career ahead of him .
Russell Crowe 's command as a debut director may not be as strong as Clooney 's was , but The Water Diviner is a very sincere , inspired-by-true-events effort filled with compassionate performances .
It 's an old-fashioned movie in the best sense , beautifully photographed by Andrew Lesnie .
Russell Crowe gives a nice try but gets no cigar in this maudlin rehash of a horrendous moment in history .
-LSB- Crowe 's -RSB- work was n't anything out of the ordinary , but his ability to be in front and behind the camera is something to respect . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
Good cinematography and acting but not a brilliant movie . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
Not the best execution , but not necessarily a bad movie . Russell Crowe is a better actor than director . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
Crowe loses his ground with a pretentious plot that slowly becomes a love odyssey that just ends up being cheesy . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
A simple story , but really well told . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
As he is director-actor , it would have been easy enough to pencil in a few lines turning Connor into a macho man . That Crowe resisted the temptation bodes well for the next movie he will direct .
`` The Water Diviner '' is a first rate classic that 's sure to be remembered come Oscar time .
Its journey of healing and self-discovery can be felt a century and a continent away .
I think Crowe wanted to make a film that brought to mind David Lean and John Huston . But , as we all know , they do n't make them like they used to . If he accomplishes anything with this movie , it 's to remind us that 's mainly because they ca n't .
A brawny historical melodrama with a twinge of magic realism amongst the oft-conflicting tones , what the movie lacks in discipline and polish it makes up for in sheer sincerity .
Russell Crowe makes his directing debut with this poignant , somber historical drama .
`` The Water Diviner '' is an uneven effort by first-time director Russell Crowe , and the occasionally preposterous screenplay by Andrew Knight and Andrew Anastasios does n't exactly help Crowe as director , either .
A notably ambitious endeavor that thrives when it 's focused on the main character and his family but falters when it focuses on an unnecessary romantic subplot .
Indeed , this is the 51-year-old Crowe 's first time as a movie director , but he 's hardly a novice actor stepping behind the camera for some sort of vanity project .
The Water Diviner qualifies as a valiant , even worthwhile , effort , even if in the long run it 's nothing to , err , crow about .
Russell Crowe 's towering performance makes up for his directorial shortcomings .
Crowe , who 's been having a rough time finding his footing again for a decade now , underplays his role so self-consciously that when he wants us to feel his pain , all we feel is his ego . He fails to move us . And so does The Water Diviner .
It 's clear that Russell Crowe has poured his heart and soul into the historical romance The Water Diviner , his first feature as a director . If only the film were better .
... tells a moving tale of a man 's love for his sons and the lengths he is willing to go to return his boys home .
A sloggy , heartfelt piece of quasi-magical realist storytelling .
Russell Crowe 's feature directorial debut is a triumph for him , an epic adventure and humane story that reminds me of the kind of movies I used to love before Hollywood found gold in them thar comic books .
` The Water Diviner ' may not be perfect , but for a guy dabbling in a different career , it 's a pretty good start .
Crowe lets his ego get the better of his judgement as director and star . It 's no `` Gallipoli . '' But it has moments of great power .
Crowe strives to strike a universal chord about the futility of war . Simplistic ? Maybe . But in crafting a film about the pain a parent feels after losing a child in battle , Crowe transcends borders and politics .
Violent WWI-era drama wastes story 's potential .
Russell Crowe moves behind the camera for the first time for this heartfelt , if inconsistently directed , story
Crowe needs , badly , a director to push back against his default mode : The script for The Water Diviner posits that Joshua Connor is the most interesting man in the frame at all times , but Crowe 's performance does n't earn that .
As in many of his previous roles , Crowe brings a credible & heartfelt gravitas to his character , & one can easily feel his pain and empathize with that and his quest . -LRB- Full Content Review - Sex , Profanity , Violence , etc. - for Parents also available -RRB-
A diviner is a person who can predict the future , but that does n't excuse why The Water Diviner was predictable and lacking fluidity .
Even slightly self-censored , its images of broken cities and the walking wounded is a strong restating of the film 's message : There is no such thing as a `` good '' war . There 's only war - sometimes necessary , sometimes not . And always inhuman .
To watch `` The Water Diviner '' it be warned constantly that we must break ourselves of our addiction to imagery that the film we 're watching ca n't seem to resist .
Before the script by Andrew Knight and Andrew Anastasios yields to a Hollywood-style ending that does n't fit , it makes poignant points about the futility of combat -LRB- especially World War I , the most meaningless war of the last century -RRB- .
Water seeks its own level and Crowe , while in over his head , will find his audience .
The Water Diviner almost succeeds by way of its unfaltering sincerity , but the movie is too unfocused ... for it to have much of an effect .
The film feels purposeful and true . Good job , mate .
Despite the incongruous romance and abrupt action beats , Crowe gives a likable , sympathetic performance . But it all starts to dry up before our eyes .
`` The Water Diviner '' takes some strange detours , and the storytelling demands of the sprawling epic get to be too much for Crowe .
`` The Water Diviner '' ca n't help itself with unnecessarily romantic pursuits , but fringe interests fail to implode this sturdily constructed film .
Before it detours into not one , not two , but at least three preposterous Hollywood twists , `` The Water Diviner '' is an absorbing drama .
The awfulness and futility of war are seared onto the screen , in images that are often hard to look at .
If you can keep in mind that the whole thing is an Australian tweak of the magic carpet story from The Arabian Nights , you can probably enjoy this improbable , episodic , and earnestly entertaining ... story .
The Water Diviner has some compelling moments , yet its magical realism jars against the grave historical subject matter .
You do n't have to be a historian to wonder about the timing of the opening or a critic to regret that Mr. Crowe has signed onto a preposterous , would-be sweeping historical romance that 's far too slight and silly to carry the weight of real history .
feels like an affront - and a waste of time
While the war story aims for epic turf , the love story settles for manipulation .
Assuming you buy that a noble man of the earth can use his divining skills to locate loved ones in the muddy remains of war , there 's plenty else that stretches credibility in Crowe 's film .
It suggests nothing so much as a movie version of a book-club novel that has yet to be written . That does n't have to be an insult , and it is n't .
After toiling for the likes of Ridley Scott , Ron Howard , and Peter Weir all these years , Crowe takes command of his own camera crews and castmates , mounting an ambitious and sentimental period drama .
There 's at least one better film on the topic - Gallipoli - but The Water Diviner has its moments , even if its grasp of reality is all wet .
The film requires a historical complexity that eludes Crowe , who flattens the landscape into bromides on family and country , and the hard-won glories of being Russell Crowe .
Crowe shows great skill in staging scenes . He finds the right pacing to get the most out of the scenes without letting them become contrived .
This is truly a story about the wounds that wars leave even on those who do n't fight in them -- and all the lengths to which Crowe will go to convince you that strong men also cry , sir . Strong men also cry .
The film leaves you feeling as though you 've watched a movie thrice its running time . Crowe , the director , knows what he wants ... and what he wants , apparently , is everything . It 's too much .
Some formulaic elements creep into the story but it 's anchored by the grim realities of the first modern war and a sweeping humanism reminiscent of Jean Renoir 's Grand Illusion .
The Water Diviner brims with ambition and gorgeous digital camera work .
A sentimental period tale ... schmaltzy but generally agreeable in a determinedly old-fashioned way .
It 's three , maybe four movies smashed gruesomely into each other , as though Crowe was afraid he 'd never direct again .
Crowe is effectively restrained in his acting , but in his debut as a director , he overdoes the manipulative music and the pretty images from cinematographer Andrew Lesnie .
While the film is not in masterpiece territory , Crowe 's aims are stirring , his point of view is confident , and his directing skill with his co-stars is firm .
`` The Water Diviner '' just wants to tell an old-fashioned war story , but it might have picked the wrong war .
Seen through Crowe 's beauty-seeking if exoticizing camera , the Turkey-set period epic asks difficult and urgent questions about war and masculinity
The movie is beautifully shot and Crowe is adept at filming war action and the camaraderie that forms even among former enemies .
Crowe is not messing around here , not trying to dream up opportunities to throw himself another close-up . He 's a genuine director .
Russell Crowe delivers -- as actor and director -- in sweeping WWI-era drama .
`` The Water Diviner '' begins to feel less organic than catered from an ordering menu of movie cliches .
The Water Diviner is a promising debut . Russell Crowe probably has many years left before he delivers his tour de force , but at least he 's given us a tour worth attending .
The feature directorial debut of Russell Crowe , who also stars , it tells a compelling tale of loss and reconciliation , and does so with evenhanded sympathy for the adversaries on both sides of the conflict .
While it 's exciting that my watch learned to talk and yelled `` Stop looking at me ! '' that does n't excuse the two-hour incompetence festival that is The Water Diviner .
Crowe is a commanding lead actor who could have made it into something special if he 'd stayed out of his own way . Maybe he should have stayed home . You should .
Its emotional thrust ... is made limp by indiscriminate direction and the kind of quantity-over-quality mindset that invites tacked-on romances and dream sequences that play like dream-sequence parodies .
The pseudo-mystical elements never quite connect with Crowe 's old-fashioned , melodramatic storytelling , especially the cheesy romance .
Crowe and his writing team milk the tragedy , lather the romance on with a spatula and even throw in some adventure , presumably because they got bored .
Crowe makes the most of his own quiet presence , and this ode to the world 's never-recovered soldiers and their families is a fitting meditation on the insanity of war .
Beautifully directed and entertaining , but the history is problematic .
As a director , Mr. Crowe 's camera meanders all over the place ; as an actor , he mumbles and growls his way through the carnage like it was nothing more important than a re-make of Gladiator , filmed on old sets from Gene Autry westerns .
Russell Crowe proves to be a proficient director in need of better material with The Water Diviner , an adaptation of Andrew Anastasios and Dr. Meaghan Wilson-Anastasios 's inspired-by-true-events novel .
Stately , old-fashioned and sentimental ... and historically revisionist .
Russell Crowe acquits himself nicely in this overly ambitious yet still slim historical romantic drama .
War is hell and love is difficult in this epic-style , old-fashioned Hollywood movie .
A surprising number of technical mistakes for a major film released by a studio .
Russell Crowe 's directing debut is an entertaining albeit flawed drama-adventure set in the aftermath of one of the most infamous battles of World War I .
The Water Diviner comes up dry .
In straining for the profound , the film ultimately loses its way in a veritable no-man 's land of ill-conceived stylistic choices and narrative switchbacks .
The curiously-titled film is both a realistic war drama and a mystical fairy tale , and the styles do n't always marry perfectly .
If -LSB- Crowe 's -RSB- performance was n't as strong as it is then The Water Diviner simply would n't work at all and it would be harder to forgive some of his less impressive directorial judgements .
Crowe 's undeniable screen presence adds gravity to the film and he manages to make you empathize with his grief and the doggedness of his search .
Russell Crowe makes an entertaining debut as director .
When director Crowe sticks to historical adventure , his film is tense and exciting . But it lacks a sense of magic that it needs to make it fully engaging .
Russell Crowe 's directorial debut proves an odd mix of war-is-hell realism and slushy romance . It does n't always work but is at least handled with sincerity .
The romance feels a bit tacked on but Crowe clearly knows how to direct a battle scene .
While the heartless Brit caricatures may be an accepted genre staple , the smouldering cultural exchanges between a fiftysomething Oz farmer and a winsome Turkish hotelier push this from old-fashioned melodrama into modern-day mush .
This handsome , earnest bit of piffle not only stars Russell Crowe but marks his directing debut .
Sometimes it works but more often it just feels corny and obvious .
Russell Crowe makes a sure-footed if unadventurous debut as director with this tale ...
Russell Crowe 's directorial debut is a solid , old-fashioned piece of film-making set in Australia and Turkey during the First World War and its aftermath that is guilty of some strange historical oversights .
Russell Crowe 's first effort as a director provides four movies for the price of one .
This is a sugary drama , in which Crowe 's big emotional moment looks as if some assistant director applied a trickling tear to his cheek with an eyedropper .
If you are in search of national mythologies on the grandest scale , nothing will beat the scene in which Russell takes on a small army with just a cricket bat .
Sadly , it 's only the ludicrous moments that really stay with you .
For his directing debut , Russell Crowe tells a story so compelling that it almost obscures the rather clunky filmmaking ...
-LSB- Crowe -RSB- has taken some easy shortcuts , but his future in directing looks bright as the Anatolian sunrise .
Crowe mounts the story in square , gruffly emotive fashion , but his best achievement is wrestling with a truculent , famously thin-skinned leading man , and extracting the most soulful performance he 's given in years .
The story is remarkable and profound , however the way the tale has been presented and told is too cliched , devaluing the poignancy attached to this narrative .
It has sincerity , sensitivity and is often ravishing to look at but is let down by a chocolate box love story . Still , Crowe still might have a Braveheart/Dances With Wolves in him yet .
Making his first shot at feature direction , Russell Crowe homes in on a key trauma in Aussie history and brings it vividly to life .
A sombre , intelligent tale of readjustment and personal healing .
Russell Crowe shows his squishy side as the director-star of this soft-hearted war melodrama .
The moving message of The Water Diviner is humane and , thankfully , not delivered with a hamfist . Given the formidable list of great directors Crowe had worked with , Ron Howard appears to be the one who has had the most influence on his emerging style .
Crowe 's directorial debut is a call for tolerance and understanding , pacifism and reason , and , above all else , compassion ... for everyone affected by every war .
If you have temporarily given up on Australian-made cinema , the engrossing family drama The Water Diviner might just change your mind for the better .
This is a beautifully shot , intelligently directed film that , as with former soldier Stephen Daisley 's award-winning 2010 novel Traitor , shows us another side of the Gallipoli story .
While The Water Diviner is well meaning to a fault and features moments of brilliance , star and director Russell Crowe just can not boost his passion project through the sludge of liberal guilt that consumes the film whole .
The strength of Russell Crowe 's directorial debut is its entirely inglorious depiction of the ANZAC experience .
Despite my interest , there are several elements to The Water Diviner that left me puzzled . Embedded throughout the film is a layer of `` spirituality '' that borders on science fiction .
`` The movie 's not without its problems , but it 's hard to fault its reverent determination to look beyond the jingoism of the Anzac Legend , to make salient points about reconciliation ''
The Water Diviner is an awkward beast , one that 's too large and unwieldy for intimate drama , yet too small for the enormous frame that it hopes to fill .
The romanticism and sentiment take hold ; repetitions and flashbacks crowd in , along with slow-motion camera effects that no-one really needs .
It 's all anchored , however , by the quiet strength of Crowe 's performance and there are plenty of moments which remind you of the power cinema can exert when emotion and spectacle are in sync .
The Water Diviner is not the masterpiece we were hoping for , or the one the Australian film industry needed , but Russell Crowe 's directorial debut shows promise .
The Water Diviner is one father 's crusade for peace as he wades through the devastation of war . Mr. Crowe has done an accomplished job of revisiting Gallipoli , with an open heart .
This quiet determination -LRB- of an important private objective -RRB- is well managed in the screenplay and in Crowe 's direction and performance , serving as the film 's emotional and moral backbone
The strength of the film is its personal nature and Crowe convincingly embodies a man whose decency and love of family , propels him on a soul-searching journey of discovery in search of redemption
Making his directorial debut with the brawny and big-hearted Australian war drama The Water Diviner , Russell Crowe taps a deep well of symbolism , cultural empathy and good old-fashioned storytelling .
An often capriciously mixed cocktail of war film and cross-cultural family melodrama , `` The Water Diviner '' marks an ambitious if emotionally manipulative directing debut for Russell Crowe .
It 's a solid and engrossing adventure with some humour and an unlikely love interest , a fast-moving quest with a touch of Indiana Jones and a pinch of Lawrence of Arabia .
A postcard war melodrama illuminated by beautiful colours and sunshine-through-leaves lighting .

@highlight

The Water Diviner finds Russell Crowe on somewhat uncertain footing as a director , but he 's rescued by a strong performance from himself in the leading role .