The documentary 's richness is so great that it does n't even end when the final credits run . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Unearthed fan footage and gorgeously restored concert clips make this a must-see for Beatles fans .
Howard assembles Eight Days a Week with an eye to appeasing those knowledgeable about Beatles history .
Howard avoids the sadness that descends on so many Beatles-related projects these days , and concentrates instead on what made them fab .
Its emphasis is on the few short years in 1964 and 1965 when the world loved the Beatles and they loved us right back .
It 's about a band ; but it 's also about western culture , fandom and an era that changed the way we experience music forever .
The achievement of -LSB- Ron -RSB- Howard 's documentary is to make the familiar feel new again , placing the viewer inside that moment - even if you never lived it - when to witness The Beatles was to watch the horizon of your world brighten before you like the dawn
Eight Days a Week is a well-drawn reminder that nothing gold-or platinum-can stay , not even the biggest band in the world .
A valuable entry in to what 's become a sub-genre .
The result is a treat .
It 's revelatory to see what devoted friends they were throughout this unimaginably challenging time .
A timely , important documentary , packed with unfamiliar footage and using a refreshingly new approach , just as concerned with recording a remarkable cultural flashpoint as a musical revolution .
The songs are still great . The foursome 's waggish chemistry is still a wonder . But there 's a lot of old ground , even old grind .
Given the subject matter , this still feels fresh thanks to rare/unseen footage .
As excitement is relived , flames of fondness re-fanned and toes kept tapping , so is an appreciation for the artistry behind the acclaim .
A sort of popular film for young people ; the richness of the documentary is in the music and the personalities of the members , as it offers little news for fans . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A documentary that fans of all ages will enjoy because it 's a nostalgic experience that you ca n't miss , and that will never be enjoyed in the living room as much as you could in a movie seat . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
New fans will be immersed in the full force of Beatlemania ; oldies will enjoy a nostalgic look at a pop culture maelstrom , the like of which we 've never seen before or since .
Watching the band play , with showman skills honed to perfection in clubs in Hamburg and Liverpool , is a treat ; to see them play in full colour and restored audio is a revelation .
Outstanding , engrossing documentary about The Beatles ' assault on the American market in the early 1960s and the change it wrought upon the volatile American landscape .
The material is uncontroversial to say the least , but hugely enjoyable with some remastered live performances that were previously drowned out by screaming girl fans .
Beatles fans are in for an enjoyable , if unenlightening , viewing experience , while those who do n't know much about them will find it a Fab Four 101 .
It 's also about something that most documentaries miss : the brotherhood of four Liverpool lads who pulled together because there was no one else to count on when after becoming international superstars .
Will the documentary play to those who did n't grow up with the Beatles ? My guess is that it does n't really matter . It 'll do just fine thanks just to a generation that will never let the Beatles go .
I would highly recommend this film for Beatles aficionados and rookies alike .
I tapped my toes throughout Ron Howard 's fabulous documentary that gives a real sense of the time , the Beatles ' talent and the Beatle-mania that sweeps the world in the 60s ... You do n't have to be a baby boomer to embrace this Fab Film of the Fab Four !
If you 're a Beatles fan - and that 's who a movie like this is for - you 've already seen most of this stuff , and diehards -LRB- and I speak as one myself -RRB- will probably find themselves focusing more on Howard 's stranger choices .
Not a whole lot new or illuminating , but on the other hand it 's nearly two hours of Beatles music and concert footage -LRB- Splice Today -RRB-
-LSB- Howard seems -RSB- as if he were intent on making a film for anyone who tuned in to The Ed Sullivan Show in 1964 , fell in love with the four adorable mop tops and regrets all the long-haired plonking about with sitars that came later .
A breezy , celebratory piece that recaptures the energy of the band in their prime .
For those of us who can remember , it 's a deliriously evocative nostalgia trip , as well as a timely reminder of more spontaneous times .
While it certainly does n't break any new ground , it 's a fun retelling of the band 's meteoric rise .
It might be short on revelations about the iconic band , but fans can expect a good laugh - and a good time - in a film that is , if nothing else , thoroughly entertaining .
Eight Days a Week captures John , Paul , George and Ringo at their youthful charismatic peak : brimming with wit in their encounters with the press ; bursting with energy on stage .
No new revelations , but a nice historic overview with a few wonderful , rarely-seen clips that make it worth your while .
There is little here that was not done better in The Beatles Anthology -LRB- 1995 -RRB- ... -LSB- but -RSB- it 's still two hours in the company of four of the most enjoyable people ever ... -LSB- and -RSB- this time , instead of the girls , we hear the band .
Howard 's film unearths startling footage of them performing , and fades out the awful screaming so you can actually hear them play . They were pretty good , it turns out .
The Beatles now belong to an honored past , stuck there like an obelisk , and yet here they are , alive-busting out all over , time and time again . Yeah , yeah , yeah .
A triumph of deft editing and extraordinary access , this is likely to be the most important music documentary of the year .
... one of the most enjoyable movies of the year ... filled with wonderful music and fascinating interviews with all The Beatles and others ... shows in detail how difficult touring became for the Fab Four .
Beatles fans will relish this musically rich trip down memory lane , while even the uninitiated will surely be impressed by the talent , humour and , yes , class on display .
Even if the story is well-known , the content is worth seeing on the big screen .
For Beatles fans and as a history lesson for kids , should you take this ticket to ride ? I say ` Yeah ! Yeah ! Yeah ! '
Whether you 're a fan or a curious newbie , Beatles : Eight Days a Week - The Touring Years offers a compelling insight into a foursome that arguably became the greatest cultural phenomenon of the 20th Century .
Do not miss this film gift from Ron Howard . A year 's ten best to be sure .
It does n't seem to know what to include or what to leave out , so it settles for a random sampling .
A wonderful reminder of all our yesterdays .
Simply one of the best historic musical docs you 're likely to see .
With its never-seen footage and lots of great music , it ca n't help but be hugely entertaining .
If you ever wondered if nostalgia for the Fab Four could reach saturation point , Ron Howard 's new documentary The Beatles : Eight Days A Week - The Touring Years provides the answer .
Those who are n't completely devoted to the -LSB- Beatles -RSB- will likely get a little more out of it than those who already know everything about them and that 's what makes it an absolute must-see .
What makes the film magical is the sheer richness of the archive material and the pace at which it has been edited . The documentary never feels like an exercise in nostalgia .
Ron Howard 's feature-length documentary , the first to be authorised by the band since its breakup in 1970 , offers audiences a well-paced and thoroughly engaging recap .
Howard 's film is a little less essential , all told -- but watching as a fan myself , I felt fine .
Howard ca n't help but overshoot the mark here , extending the story into a bit more of a biography than the subtitle calls for , but that 's also what makes this film a worthwhile gateway for the uninitiated .
Bolstered by news and home movie footage , you get a sense of how out-of-control the Beatles ' touring life was ...
90 percent familiar and a bit hagiographic as well , but just try watching it without smiling .
Ron Howard 's documentary rightly keeps coming back to the music and the band 's delight in making it . Good move . It truly is a joy forever .
Do n't expect trenchant analysis or deep insights into the group 's creative process . Do revel , however , in the gleeful tumult and the gorgeous music .
It all feels a little glossy , but who can complain when the vibes are so good and the tunes so catchy ?
The music is so strong , and such a demonstration of how potent the group was in action , that it alone makes the film worth seeing .
Howard is more interested in wowing audiences with exuberant , hysteria-ridden performances than he is in digging for explanations .
The familiar events presented here were covered more thoroughly in the band 's own 11-hour Beatles Anthology , though Howard has dug up some good ancillary concert footage that illustrates the chaos swirling around every show .
Do The Beatles need another documentary ? Maybe ! Someone forgot to tell millennials about the Fab Four , and so the greatest , most famous band in history might be finally on the verge of becoming as well known as ELO or Van Der Graaf Generator .
I frankly ca n't imagine why anyone would want to miss this film , whether you 're a Beatle lover or nostalgist or just younger newbie who wants to know what all the unparalleled screaming was about .
As someone who 's been a fan since 5 , twisting away in my living room to their Ed Sullivan appearance , there is n't much I have n't seen . Or thought I had n't . But Howard still digs up surprises ...
I 've heard `` Rubber Soul '' and `` Revolver '' and `` Sgt. Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band '' probably thousands of times , too , and I still like hearing them . So it is with Howard 's movie - the story is so incredibly good , it 's worth repeating .
Frantically rushing through the quartet 's prodigious output during these years , Eight Days a Week is best when it slows down ...
A wave of euphoria and happiness pours from the screen , and Howard 's movie surfs that wave .
The group 's fans today , of any age , are bound to welcome Eight Days a Week , in which Beatlemania 's mid - '60s comet of joy and astonishment is thrillingly captured .
There 's not a lot new here , but the vintage footage is fab , as is the much-needed reminder that the supposedly innocent past was hardly innocent at all .
A must for any fan .
It 's a testament to the buoyancy of the film that such exhausted , well-trod material can still feel fresh .
If you 're after new revelations about what it was like to be a Beatle back then , this is n't the place to look .
Take the kids and watch their little minds get blown .
By using home-movie footage in hotel rooms , fly-on-the-wall tape from the studio control room , Howard 's film often succeeds in making you feel it all from the four lads ' astonished point of view .
Ron Howard 's pitch-perfect documentary is a fabulous love letter to past , present and future fans of the Fab Four .
There 's a lot of joy to go around in Eight Days a Week , to such a degree that the film might have verged on feeling like a puff piece , were it not about perhaps the only rock band that 's ever wholly justified the endless time spent fixated upon it .
Think you 've seen all there is to see on the Beatles from that endearingly irreverent press conference after their U.S. arrival to the Ed Sullivan Show to the fans screaming so loudly during concerts one could n't hear the music ? Think again .
A sparky , moving and funny film about John , Paul , George and Ringo , whose own youthful words provide the film 's best moments .
The phenomenon of their live appearances - not just the concerts themselves , but the cheeky press-conference preludes , and the hysterical , garment-rending fallout - itself defines the era with a spiky precision .
We do n't learn anything new from The Beatles - Eight Days a Week -LRB- besides Whoopi Goldberg 's feelings on the Fab Four -RRB- , but its restored live footage might warrant a ticket to ride .
It 's at once an intimate look from the inside out about what it was like to be them , and a literate consideration from the outside in on their impact on the culture .
With its abundance of archive video and still footage , together with a host of new interviews , it 's an undeniably glorious watch .
If it 's about or based on The Beatles , the question is always the same : how on earth can anything new be said ? In the case of Ron Howard 's Eight Days a Week : The Touring Years , surprisingly quite a lot , is the answer .
Uses miles of rare and previously unseen footage to depict Beatlemania , in all of its mad passion , in a really electrifying way .
The mandate here is to guarantee a splendid time for all , and it 's achieved admirably , given that we already know the story a thousand times over .
With the Beatles ' company Apple Corps as one of the producing partners , Howard 's access to original material was presumably nonpareil . And with a subject as rich as the Beatles , `` you know that ca n't be bad . ''
You ca n't watch them in these days and not be caught up in Beatlemania .
A fresh , thoughtful look at the world 's favourite quartet .
Taken on -LSB- its own -RSB- limited terms , `` Eight Days a Week '' plays nicely enough : the mostly uptempo Side A of a well-stocked greatest hits album , as it were .
This infectious piece harks back to happier , sweeter times for the Beatles and for pop music in general .
It will make a fine entry point for younger auds who grew up with the songs but never had Beatlemania shoved down their throats .
With the help of some obvious talking heads , and some less predictable ones , -LSB- Howard -RSB- tells a familiar tale with a surprising and at times thrilling amount of originality .
Martin Scorsese 's George Harrison 's documentary is still the closest at capturing the full-tilt craziness of being in The Beatles , but Howard 's film provides a robust companion piece .

@highlight

We love them , yeah , yeah , yeah -- and with archival footage like that , you know The Beatles : Eight Days a Week -- The Touring Years ca n't be bad .