Dig beneath the surface and you 'll find a sweet and very powerful tale about the strength that can be found in partnerships and the resilience of love .
... while Take Shelter does n't shrink from taking up an audience and playing with it , it 's made with an exceptional eye and ear sympathetic to the anxieties that it dramatizes .
What makes Nichols ' film so satisfying , at least until the melodrama of the final act , is the deftness of the characterisations and the constant sense that things are probably considerably more complex than they 're perceived .
An intelligent bone chilling art-house film about dealing with our anxiety in the modern world .
There 's no suspense and little surprise . Just a long . slow grind to ruin .
Tight editing and pace make for a careful and thoughtful film that is a very strong piece of cinema .
In my estimate , this unique and frequently arresting film suffers from the monotony of the lead players ' affect , and from the film 's urge to have its gloomy cake and eat it .
Director Nichols walks a tightrope between giving us a dark , Gothic tale of misunderstood prophecy and a sobering lesson on the state of mental health care in rural America .
While Take Shelter is n't by any means perfect - writer/director Jeff Nichols could use a refresher course on editing - it 's a powerful film , displaying a devolvement into insanity that ultimately proves to be quite visionary .
I could watch Michael Shannon stare at a wall for 90 minutes and still be captivated .
Take Shelter writer-director Jeff Nichols takes great care in detailing Curtis 's journey and surrounding him with concerned loved ones .
The riveting performances turn what on paper is a fairly simple climax into quite the emotional wallop .
Quietly spellbinding until the film 's astonishing final 20 minutes which make it one of the year 's best .
A hallucinatory thriller anchored by a deeply resonant sense of unease .
The role of Curtis in this film is a perfect fit for Shannon 's intense and slightly unhinged screen persona .
As a director , Nichols creates such an intense aura of dread and impending apocalypse during the visions that when Curtis simply describes one that is not shown in the film , we shudder at the mental image it paints .
eksetazei to thema toy me to sebasmo , thn aisiodoksia , alla kai thn apeiria toy dhmioyrgika kai koinwnika anerxomenoy , oi rizes toy sth bathia Amerikh de toy epitrepoyne kan mia `` atheh '' proseggish
A film that 's easier to admire -LRB- at least in part -RRB- than actually like , but it 's also a difficult film to ignore .
The dread in this slow simmer of a film comes not from a clearly definable sense of danger , but more from a sense of simply not knowing .
A richly drawn , and at times disturbing , portrait of one man 's descent into madness .
Michael Shannon is at his best as a man plagued by apocalyptic dreams that start to bleed into his everyday life . It 's one of the best independent American films of the last decade , playing on current concerns about the future of the planet .
There 's something about Michael Shannon 's looming height and malleable features that makes him a natural fit for playing tortured souls .
Nichols has nothing positive to say , and spends more than two hours saying it . It 's a superficial movie pretending to be deep .
Parlays contemporary fears into the kind of relatable apocalyptic drama that relies less on big special effects and more on the ambiguous mental state of its protagonist .
An intriguing , painful film about the angst that 's currently in the air , about misreading the runes , about embarking on actions that might make us laughing stocks , about taking wagers with and against history .
A film for troubled times , Take Shelter taps into current anxieties about economic meltdown and climate change disaster with its scarily apt depiction of a man driven to the edge by apocalyptic fears .
An impressively sustained slow-burn parable from writer-director Jeff Nichols , shot with ominous beauty , guarding its mysteries with care .
Like a laissez-passer to our apocalypse sensors .
The film 's power should reside in this agonised human dilemma , but in the end it becomes a rather self-important shaggy dog story .
Fear is the American vice ... Take Shelter latches on to something deep and true within many of us .
As in Todd Haynes 's 1995 masterpiece , Safe , we are in a world that ca n't be pinned down .
The performances and themes of this psychological drama are all in five-star territory , it 's just a shame all the good work is let down by a seriously drawn-out plot .
A kind of inverted version of `` Close Encounters of the Third Kind '' with an end of the world obsession by a Joe Lunchpail type guy rather than UFO 's . My pick for best movie of 2011 .
The supernatural horror/suburban drama mash-up does n't always sit well , but there 's no need to take shelter from the Shannon/Nichols partnership .
An intense drama of mental meltdown and domestic apocalypse for an age of anxiety .
A sensitively constructed , if somewhat protracted metaphor for mental health and its frightening onset that remains with you long after viewing .
It 's also very moving , showing how paranoia pulls the man away from the people he loves and the people he thinks he needs to protect .
An intense drama of mental meltdown and domestic apocalypse for an age of anxiety .
Could also have lost half an hour yet still maintained the momentum towards a powerful climax ...
It 's the collision of Shannon 's reality and dementia that 's the driving force propelling a drama that is dark with foreboding .
When future film historians look back at the cultural fallout from America 's financial collapse , ` Take Shelter ' will be a key text . That is , if the storm does n't sweep us all away .
Michael Shannon gives the performance of the year
Terrific . Michael Shannon delivers a fractured everyman who 'll stay with you long after the final frame .
A movie born from the atmospheric pressure of the national mood , from the sense that danger is lurking around every corner . The star is Michael Shannon , the human storm front -- he 's a brooding , intense presence that occasionally thunders and explodes .
This is the movie M. Night Shyamalan wishes he could make , a thriller set in the twilight zone of a disturbed mind . Quite simply , it is one of 2011 's best .
Even though the film unravels , the performances by Michael Shannon and Jessica Chastain make this film worth it .
... an exercise in extended dread .
`` Take Shelter '' is one of the best movies of the year . In its own understated way , it also is one of the most frightening
Rod Serling would have been proud .
Nichols takes this 21st century fear of losing everything you have and makes it physical . It 's a portrait of destructive behavior that is motivated by the purest of intentions : wanting to protect your family .
Regardless of how things play out , you 'll leave the movie feeling Curtis ' twisted worldview eating away at you .
This unsettling , hypnotic drama boasts a quietly powerful performance by Michael Shannon as Curtis , a man succumbing to apocalyptic visions .
Nichols builds unease from small , repeated details , and he has a terrific asset in Shannon : No modern actor seems as likely to snap and explode .
As a portrait of a man on the verge of losing everything , Shannon is remarkable . His stoicism feels environmental , rendering his withdrawal naturalistic rather than manufactured .
Shannon wonderfully modulates Nichols ' portrait of a man whose mind and life seem to unravel before our eyes .
On rare occasions , a movie comes along that does genuine honor to Alfred Hitchcock . Take Shelter is such a movie . It could be subtitled `` Take Shelter with Hitch . ''
-LRB- Director -RRB- Nichols creates the kind of quiet malevolence that Roman Polanski used to excel at .
There 's a strong , unsettling sense of disease that runs through Take Shelter , the best drama of the year so far .
Take Shelter is a deeply unsettling movie .
Michael Shannon 's spectacular performance grounds Take Shelter with a haunting realism .
Are his dreams a sign of things to come or are they simply the creation of an individual who is teetering on the brink of insanity ?
In an era of empty entertainments , `` Take Shelter '' is built to last .
Life is a double-edged sword . Be careful how you hold it .
Shannon is astounding , playing a good man pushed to the brink of sanity , maybe beyond . He portrays a sense of quiet desperation -- a feeling recognizable to many .
Powerfully emotional and extremely tense , this is an impressively directed and superbly written drama with a riveting central performance from Michael Shannon .
Take Shelter is paced slowly and deliberately , which is necessary to make believable whatever is tormenting Curtis .
Those who 've never understood -LSB- anxiety -RSB- could do to see Take Shelter as a total immersion virtual reality experience .
With that frowning face - including a right eye that looks sleepy and a left one that looks crazed - Michael Shannon could play Jekyll and Hyde at the same exact time .
Michael Shannon gives his best onscreen performance ever ... and creates what might well be the finest male character of 2011 .
While Take Shelter is a marvellously composed film , it is also one that holds you at a distance
Out of his ` Tree of Life '
A work of hushed and persuasive emotional veracity .
The movies have long been mad about the onset of madness .
It 's creepy and enigmatic , but there 's an odd sense of enlightenment as well , making the effort valuable , even if Nichols gets lost in his own material at times .
An engrossing , quietly unnerving film that 's one of the year 's best ... with an astonishing performance by Michael Shannon .
It 's so stunningly effective at establishing a sense of dread that it 's almost impossible to recommend it without reservations .
The film has the form of a little domestic drama , but it 's intense enough to , perhaps , cause you to start watching the skies yourself .
Is Curtis a prophet or is he just crazy ? The script , by tyro director Jeff Nichols , does a good job keeping you guessing and still surprises you in the end .
Shannon 's talent can be hard to control - it can burst the containment of his character and destabilize a movie - but in `` Take Shelter '' it is expertly deployed by writer-director Jeff Nichols .
The chilling genius of `` Take Shelter '' is n't that the threat is never specified but that it does n't need to be .
A movie for this moment in time , this moment in our lives .
Relentlessly sinister , filled with an eerily ambiguous sense of unease .
Shannon reteams with Shotgun Stories writer-director Nichols for another exploration of one man 's wobbling mental state . But this time the story is much more introspective , and watching it is thoroughly unnerving .
A dread-inducing and sometimes downright creepy exercise in Hitchcockian paranoia .
A compelling character-driven piece that offers a beguiling , unsettling inside view of a troubled mind .
Wavers between the terrifying stasis of The Birds and the bogus theatrics of The Happening .
When its last , proudly ambiguous note is struck , one leaves convinced only that there exists a greater exploitation of this same concept yet to be made , one with sharper contrasts and more starkly defined stakes .
Nichols is interested in more here than one man 's sanity , and that coming storm -- real , dreamed , or hallucinated -- packs the metaphorical wallop of a category five hurricane .
The movie makes you uncomfortable , but in a good way . Nichols has turned the current moment of American unease into a powerful metaphor .
Shannon 's intense here , as he is in many of his roles , but it 's Jessica Chastain who really promotes the film 's anxiety ...
... a consistently watchable yet pervasively uneven drama .
The story of a man afflicted with fearful visions , Take Shelter is a film that 's hitting the right apocalyptic trumpet call at the right time .
A terrific thriller about a man who is increasingly plagued by apocalyptic visions
A raw , sympathetic tour de force , maybe Shannon 's best screen performance to date .
Taut , unsettling , haunting and powerful , `` Take Shelter '' stars Michael Shannon in a shattering performance as a man caught up in forces beyond his control .
Jessica Chastain has some fine moments as his confused wife , but Shannon 's wrenching performance is the film .
A Rod Serling-esque social allegory for these days of economic collapse , environmental sea change , and increasing talk of `` end times . ''
Relies on a mounting atmosphere of slow-burn intensity and an attention to people rather than plot points .
The really chilling thing is how believable it is .
When the movie stays with its strength - the family members and their doubts about how well they know the people they love - it is riveting .
Shannon 's performance is exceptional and the character is terribly moving .
It explores something deep in us which is our anxiety in the world today from so many different angles and I think it 's a very unsettling film for that reason .
There is so much empathy and understanding in the way Take Shelter creates an engaging story out of a widely misunderstood condition .
It 's compelling in many ways , but ultimately not 100 % satisfying .
The end is a head-scratcher , destined to provoke late-night pondering . But for anyone grappling with what it means to be a citizen of the 21st century , it 's required viewing .
It 's a film without suspense and with a slow-moving story that unfolds without surprise or embellishment .
A molar-grinding performance from Michael Shannon anchors this slow but ultimately haunting drama .
Here is a frightening thriller based not on special effects gimmicks but on a dread that seems quietly spreading in the land : that the good days are ending , and climate changes or other sinister forces will sweep away our safety .
This movie played me like a fiddle . A quivering , covering-my-eyes-because-the-movie 's - too-scary baby-shaped fiddle .
There 's a storm coming in Take Shelter , a gripping and moody thriller that marks the emergence of Michael Shannon as a leading man .
The film does n't work so well for me , although I recognise some of its strengths .
-LSB- Has -RSB- the power to make you tense up and freeze with dread .
After an hour and half of what feels a bit trying , we get a suitable finale although it 's clearly not as moving or satisfying as it could be .
A beautifully assured work of art that doubles as an up-to-the-minute portrait of the country 's mood .
Writer-director Jeff Nichols , whose previous film Shotgun Stories also starred Shannon , has the rare ability to think big and work small .
Take Shelter is a provocative original from writer-director Jeff Nichols , built on the foundation of a searing performance by Michael Shannon . It 's a film I respect ...
Frightening , moving and thought-provoking by turns . I think master of suspense Alfred Hitchcock would have approved , especially with its visual allusions to `` The Birds '' and its beautifully ironic finale . One of the ten best films of 2011 .
Nichols approaches his subject with thoughtful empathy , and while his themes are enormous - he 's addressing no less than the state of our nation - he wisely underplays even the most important moments .
All in all , this is a movie that confronts its own hard challenges - and feels utterly , uncomfortably relevant in this new Age of Anxiety .
It would be possible to appreciate Shannon 's fabulous work in `` Take Shelter '' far better if the filmmaker lost a quarter of the two-hour running time -- there are many overlong scenes that make this a needlessly tough sit .
Nichols ' formally assured direction exhibits dawning-dread restraint through slow zooms and tense framing .
Beautiful and insinuating , with a killer sound design and accomplished performances by Shannon and Jessica Chastain as his wife .
`` Take Shelter '' may be the most powerful American film I 've seen this year .
It 's ultimately a bleak vision , and a circumscribed one , but remarkable all the same , and proof that Mr. Nichols is ready for much bigger things .
Take Shelter is a dark mystery that remains dark and mysterious , and harrowing , right up to the end , when it knocks you sideways .
It is a quiet , relentless exploration of the latent -LRB- and not so latent -RRB- terrors that bedevil contemporary American life , a horror movie that will trouble your sleep not with visions of monsters but with a more familiar dread .
There 's a specificity to his film that roots it in the here and now , acknowledging not just free-floating unease but everyday fears over the price of gas and insurance co-pays .
highly satisfying and frustratingly open-ended
Michael Shannon gives himself over completely to a complex role and leaves you shattered . Director Jeff Nichols throws curveballs , but his film is unique and unforgettable .
Even the more peaceful sequences - like the one in which Samantha and her young daughter gaze out the window while a rainstorm rages outside - are draped with ominous portent .
Nichols is still concerned with family legacies , and the ways people in smaller communities relate to each other , but Take Shelter is slower and smoother , deliberately developing a mood of creeping dread .
In many ways a small film , but the stakes could n't feel bigger thanks to the deeply affecting family at its center .
Writer-director Jeff Nichols builds his elegantly shot , weather-sensitive horror story in waves of tension that crest as if pulled by tempests .
Daring thematically and striking aesthetically , even as it pierces at the heart of the most relatable , everyday anxieties we all experience .
-LSB- VIDEO -RSB- A carefully modulated study into the psychology of fear and premonition , `` Take Shelter '' captures a macro-micro snapshot of America 's post-911 zeitgeist at a moment when a decade of fatigue from fear-mongering has left the country numb .
Nicols and his regular collaborators are exciting filmmakers , and I ca n't wait for whatever else they have planned .
Alternately heavy-lidded and wide-eyed , Shannon has the coiled potential of a venomous snake ... he paints a portrait of paranoia and fear with great skill .
Despite a few missteps , Take Shelter powerfully lays bare our national anxiety disorder -- a pervasive dread that Curtis can define only as `` something that 's not right . ''
A trenchant portrait of America 's poverty-line-treading middle class .
Playing like the excruciatingly long first act of a better movie , Take Shelter long overstays its welcome while confusing narrative indolence for tension .
Michael Shannon and Jessica Chastain give compelling performances in this eerie drama about an Ohio father beset by premonitions of doom .
There 's absolutely nothing affected about the film 's perspective .
Nichols has a genius for making landscapes and everyday objects resonate like crazy , for nailing the texture of dread .
Michael Shannon 's haunting performance as a blue-collar Ohio man victimized by schizophrenia carries this dread-infused character study .
Jeff Nichols has arrived , proving he has what it takes to deliver on far bigger ideas than his indie roots have shown so far .
This indie is all about ambiguity and is anchored by Michael Shannon 's awards-worthy performance .
You have to have the capacity to deal with ever-increasing bleakness and quite a big dose of it in these two hours of running time . It 'll be worth it .
Shannon gives one of the best performances of the year , in a film that manages both white-knuckle intensity and tender drama . Watch it as a double feature with Roman Polanski 's Repulsion .
Shannon makes the man 's dilemma plain and moving , and that gives Take Shelter a resonance that last long after the final fade out .
The film 's greatest strength though is the way it combines hints that we 're watching a parable of the new US climate of anxiety with an unflinching dedication to the reality of its characters ' plights .
What you think may depend on your tolerance for movies that openly flaunt their metaphorical ambition .
A highlight of the Sundance and Cannes Film Fest , this is a powerful , eerie film , grounded by a great performance from Michael Shannon
With its uncertain resolution and lack of concrete answers , this may be the kind of movie that 's easier to admire than enjoy . Whatever you make of it , though , it 's gripping .
A riveting genre blend of thriller , domestic drama and supernatural horror propelled by a brilliant lead performance .
Take Shelter -LSB- is -RSB- successful as both a kitchen sink drama and supernatural thriller .
Michael Shannon is brilliant . One of the big discoveries of this year 's Sundance .


@highlight

Michael Shannon gives a powerhouse performance and the purposefully subtle filmmaking creates a perfect blend of drama , terror , and dread .