The sheer number of warm-hearted but irreverent winks to various iterations of Frankenstein both entertains and impresses .
Admittedly less eccentric and more classic in style than some of Burton 's acclaimed earlier works , Frankenweenie is still chock-full of the filmmaker 's old dark magic .
Why does Frankenweenie 2012 feel so incomplete and cobbled together with loose ideas ?
Burton , known for his dark and quirky movies , has created a fantastical tale of monsters and oddballs that is fun and funny .
-LSB- Frankenweenie -RSB- is a surprisingly heartwarming movie that is perhaps Burton 's most touching film since Edward Scissorhands .
It 's a corpse of an idea preserved in formaldehyde and brought back to life with a few stitches and bolts tacked on . Questions are raised about whether it 's kinder to let a loved one go , but we 're pretty glad this idea was n't left to die .
... Frankenweenie beautifully merges the old with the new as it also celebrates filmmaking both literally and fictionally with its relatable protagonist .
Frankenweenie might have been better off remaining a short .
As Tim Burton films go , `` Frankenweenie '' is as visually keyed-in as any .
A welcome return to form for the brilliant , inconsistent Tim Burton .
Very much the work of an older man revisiting the obsessions of his youth , struggling at times to reconnect with them .
Do n't be surprised if everyone you know under the age of 13 declares this their new favorite Halloween film .
It ranks among Burton 's most personal films , encompassing familiar themes of loneliness , isolation and an insatiable need for love and acceptance .
... a padded short story that did n't require embellishment ... looks very weak directly compared to the sheer brilliance of the similarly themed ParaNorman .
The real audience here is Burton fans -LRB- add an extra star to this review if you 're a Burton fan -RRB- .
A remake of not one Tim Burton movie , but all of them .
Actively frustrating and a tedious experience to endure .
`` Frankenweenie '' is not just cute , it 's weird . And , I love it .
A bittersweet and delightful bit of animated fare ...
Tim Burton 's most enjoyable movie in a long time .
Compared to the shorter and more to the point original , the expanded Frankenweenie is padded and less focused , meandering from a simple path of what was a clever parody/homage .
Tim Burton 's Frankenweenie embodies the excitement , innocence , awkwardness and imagination of childhood .
Extended to feature length , the premise does n't thin out but gains substance and momentum .
`` Frankenweenie '' is n't Burton 's best work , but it 's still a solid outing for the strange , death-obsessed director .
Disney should 've had more faith in this premise back in 1984 , when it mattered , instead of shocking it back to a bigger life now ...
Victor 's relationship with Sparky is lovely , even when the revivified dog corpse is stitched together with thick black thread and his tail or ear falls off .
While not a true original in its own right , and therefore not a classic , it is still classic Burton with his creepy , kooky trademarks , so we 'll take it .
Maintains the legitimately dark tone of the original short while expanding the narrative in a pleasingly Scissorhands-esque direction .
In the very best sense , the film is wall-to-wall eye candy .
` Frankenweenie ' is far from his best , but it is a timely reassurance that the old Tim Burton still exists and may be able to work his black magic again .
Beautiful , technically astonishing animation and the emotional whack of a lightning bolt can not quite hide the stitches holding together a paucity of ideas and humour .
The jokes are built almost entirely around references to old black and white horror movies .
Even though it 's not among his best films , I 'm just happy that Tim Burton has finally made a movie I can recommend to people again .
Frankenweenie is rammed with credible horror references , so this is a great movie for children to see if you want to them to develop a good perspective of film history in years to come .
Visually captivating and smartly written , Frankenweenie brings Tim Burton 's career back from the metaphorical dead .
I loved this . It is so beautiful and there 's almost an innocence to it that Burton achieves .
It was wise to make the film in black and white , and 3D adds to the charm of this sweetly retro experience . Sparky is hereby added to my list of the cinema 's most endearing woofers .
Burton is in lively , playful and sharp form here , deftly balancing blatant eeriness with a chipper cheeriness that excuses many a macabre event .
A loving homage to everything from Frankenstein to Godzilla by way of cosy American suburbia circa the analogue era , Frankenweenie makes superb use of black-and-white and shades of grey , thoughtful lighting and an equally thoughtful musical score .
Despite the gothic elements and macabre adult themes , Frankenweenie is more light than dark and more humorous than droll , with Burton cleverly tempering cold colouring with a warm soundtrack .
This is McDonalds moviemaking - plonk it down , fry it up , slap on a new label , drop fresh tears in the cauldron - and the special sauce rarely tasted so bland .
With its anti-intellectualism critique , classic horror film homages and beautiful production design , Frankenweenie is a great film for adventurous young audiences .
There is , unfortunately , never a point at which it 's not completely obvious that Frankenweenie has been adapted from a short film ...
Entertaining and with something to say , Frankenweenie is an ideal family film : it treats children with respect and its extraordinary attention to detail in the stop motion animation , painstakingly done , gives adults as much to enjoy
Uncluttered by the simplicity of the format , the attention to detail is extraordinary with concentration on the storytelling and the characters . That is why we are right there ... through all the emotional hills and valleys
A funny and touching monster mash-up , with wonderfully strong work from the entire cast ... this is essential viewing for animation fans .
An exceptionally appealing family comedy , a stunningly realised stop-motion celebration of cinema , and an audacious criticism of America 's anti-intelligentsia plague in one .
At the end , the movie briefly stumbles - dramatically and thematically - but that 's a minor detail in a true labour of love .
With a snappy sense of childish curiosity and lavishly skilled animation , Tim Burton makes one of his most endearing and enjoyably offbeat movies in years .
Dark , funny and moving , this is Burton at his best .
An entertainment that is at once old-fashioned and supremely modern , liable to satisfy nostagic parents as much as their children .
On the surface the story may appear like a cartoon but it is the heart and soul beneath that make it special .
An extremely touching tale of a boy and his dog makes `` Frankenweenie '' much more than just a dazzling exercise in pop-culture cleverness .
... feels like exactly what it is : a padded-out short .
Burton has made a highly affectionate bit of ghoulishness .
Clinching the film 's spell is its implied exhortation to the kid in each of us .
While the film may be a bit too intense for young children , it will certainly be enjoyed by older kids , teens and adults . It looks like this film might well get an academy award nomination for best animated film of 2012 .
Perhaps too scary for young kids and too cute for adults , Frankenweenie is nonetheless a hugely likable pet project .
Ultimately , any misgivings are far from grave ... and animation lovers will certainly rest in peace .
As close as you 're likely to get Burtonesque perfection .
Tim Burton 's stop-motion horror homage is a quirky-jerky joy .
An almost perfect balance of macabre humor , charming sincerity , and a love of all things cinematic , Frankenweenie is Tim Burton 's best film in years
Burton only occasionally improves on what was in the 1984 version .
Some of us had almost given up hope that this director might ever re-animate his gothic mad genius . But it is alive ... ALIVE . Bwahahaha !
Very sweet , very funny , really quite touching and exquisitely handmade , by a film lover with humour and a heart , for a like-minded audience .
Frankenweenie 's biggest crime is that it 's a comedy that is n't funny . There 's no zip to the script , few jokes that stick in the mind .
Frankenweenie is Burton harnessing the lightning of his early career ; stitching it to the films he loves and bringing it back to life
Tim Burton more than redeems himself by resurrecting something he made nearly 30 years ago .
Tim Burton is back on old-fashioned Stygian form with Frankenweenie . It 's an animated children 's film sufficiently dark and twisted to provide adult amusement too .
While drawing on influences from Universal horror movies such as Wolfman and Frankenstein , is a animal entirely borne of Burton - and it 's all the better for it .
Tim Burton loves paying homage to other movies . Here , just for a change , he does so to one of his own .
A return to form for Tim Burton and his most entertaining venture yet into stop-motion animation .
In digging up the familiar bones and giving them an uncompromised shake the tenderness of the emotions key to Burton 's best work suffuses the air . It is Burton 's best work in years , it is also his most familiar .
For Burton all animation is reanimation , and Frankenweenie 's magnificent puppets ... look eerily conscious : stop-motion really is the perfect medium for this story .
It 's a benign abomination .
it 's been a decade or more since Burton seems to have had a subject that engaged him on a personal level to nearly -LSB- this -RSB- degree .
The sense of fun is infectious and at its core this is a simple tale of friendship that warms your heart , even as it chills the spine .
Beautifully animated and brilliantly written , this is a joyous return to form for Tim Burton that 's a treat for both adults and children alike .
In many ways Frankenweenie is the apotheosis of Tim Burton 's style , as well as a reminder of his strengths and weaknesses ; it is emotionally neutered and keen to self-plagiarise , but beautifully formed and a lot of fun .
Burton 's best film since 1994 's Ed Wood or even 1990 's Edward Scissorhands .
A likable film , though not a sensational development in Tim Burton 's career .
This is a Tim Burton film with something to say . And that 's a rare and precious thing .
Presented in black and white and accented by a great Danny Elfman score , `` Frankenweenie '' is a heart-tugging classic featuring Burton at the top of his game .
By revisiting an idea from his past , Tim Burton feels emotionally connected to his material - and , by extension , his audience - for the first time in years .
Shines a welcome spotlight on science and knowledge , with a whip-smart , lonely hero who just wants his canine best friend to stick around a while longer .
Everything the perfect `` family horror '' movie should be .
Occasionally , the film feints in the direction of something deeper , and acknowledges the disturbing nature of its premise ; in one very poignant scene , Sparky returns to the pet cemetery to sleep on top of his grave ...
Frankenweenie gets back to basics with Burton 's trademark oddball style , absurdist charm and ghastly-but-sweet humor and shows the director recharged and remembering why he became a filmmaker . The result is joyous .
It 's like ` Old Yeller ' crossed with 'Re - Animator . '
To witness Burton 's talent , heart and spirit working in unison to create a fine movie is a special treat that should not be taken for granted .
... when Burton is deeply attuned to the emotional undercurrent of his stories - as he is here - his movies become much more than ghoulish gags .
After a string of disappointments , it 's nice to see Burton get back to his bread and butter : giving us a demented blend of laughs , drama , and scares .
While most studios and animators are gung-ho about CGI , it 's nice to have holdouts like Nick Park -LRB- the Wallace & Gromit canon -RRB- and Tim Burton offering something different .
A strikingly original and delightfully offbeat gem , and one that is , indeed , alive -- alive !
Revived are memories of lost pets , the realization of the reality of life and death , and the ability of kids to hang on to hope no matter how overwhelming the odds .
Its heart is still the relationship between a boy and his dog , and it still pulls at the heartstrings no matter how strongly you resist .
It 's not as innovative and clever as ParaNorman from a few months back , but it 's still a solid flick
It does defy mainstream conventions and its heartwarming story feels both classic and cutting-edge .
An entertaining and energetic summation of Burton 's iconic aesthetic .
Frankenweenie is a welcome return to form for Burton , and a bonafide good time at the movies for the old , young , and everybody in between .
Despite the ingenious animation and eerie character development , like a little boy who resembles Peter Lorre , a successful children 's film must rely more on truthfulness than myth .
One of Burton 's trademarks is the often bizarre rendering of his animated subjects , and he does n't disappoint here .
In a lot of ways you could look at Frankenweenie as Burton 's ` greatest hits ' album .
The overt familiarity ... drags down what should have been a triumphant return to form .
`` Frankenweenie '' is Burton boiled down to his wonderfully weird essence , coated with warm nostalgia for his early days as a filmmaker and his childhood as an artsy loner stuck in the suburbs .
A heartwarming , funny tale about a boy and his reanimated dog .
Burton 's stop-motion ` Frankenweenie ' is a lush , black-and-white monster-piece about children , pets , the allure of the neighborhood cemetery and unforgettable images created by the artist known as James Whale .
Burton 's cleverness hides a lack of purpose .
Though the subject matter and style may be a bit too frightening for some kids , the overall result is a clever , cheeky homage .
Frankenweenie is like catnip for old school horror fans , we get a whiff of homage and pick up the scent of all the horror references and we go crazy with delight .
It 's probably too early to peg Frankenweenie as Burton 's comeback vehicle , but it 's certainly the director 's best movie in twenty years .
Finally , a stop-motion , animated Halloween film that rivals Tim Burton and Henry Selick 's 1993 dark classic , The Nightmare Before Christmas . And of the two , Frankenweenie is the better film , though it might be heretical to say .
A sense of youthful joy and lightness , missing from many recent Burton works , engulfs `` Frankenweenie , '' despite its dark subject matter .
Burton 's creepy young Frankenstein is perfect for tweens .
Frankenweenie is stitched together with love and a bit raggedy , like Sparky the dog in question . It 's essentially spare parts from Burton 's filmography , which makes sense since the original established his darkly comical vision .
Burton applies his visual trademarks , with spindly characters and a moody black-and-white palette , while he and his regular screenwriter John August pepper the story with fond references to classic horror movies and past stop-motion gems .
Shows great difficulty proving its worth as a feature-length effort , working through elements of monster rampage and scientific debate that feel more like padding than a naturally dramatic extension of the original creation .
Having gone back to his original notes and sketches , -LSB- Burton -RSB- seems to have rediscovered his passion for filmmaking .
I got very emotional during certain scenes because of Victor and Sparky 's relationship . They have such a great relationship and dog lovers will definitely feel that connection the whole time . Burton 's best movie since Big Fish .
Kids will love it but adults will get the nods , great combo .
The stop-motion animation - a favorite tool of Burton 's - is given loving attention , and the character design is full of terrific touches , such as the hulking flat-topped schoolmate who looks a bit like a certain man-made monster .
A horror primer for kids that playfully dabbles in the past of creature features without overcomplicating itself .
Flipping the cautionary themes of Mary Shelley 's original source material , Frankenweenie plays out as a primarily pro-science parable ... goes out of its way to encourage free-thinking square pegs to avoid gaping round holes .
A movie full of laughs and some scares , but it works because it is full of true love and heart .
The best thing about an animated monster movie with this much heart is : It 's alive . In the best possible way .
This 3-D , black-and-white `` family '' comedy is the year 's most inventive , endearing animated feature .
Designed to appeal to both discriminating adults and older kids , the gorgeous , black-and-white stop-motion film is a fresh , clever and affectionate love letter to classic horror movies .
The most Tim Burton-y of the director 's films , and not just because it contains a vast catalog of references to his own movies - everything from `` Edward Scissorhands '' to the underrated 1989 `` Batman . ''
`` Frankenweenie '' may just be a wacky horror cartoon , but it 's an awfully good wacky horror cartoon . Frighteningly good , you might say .
It 's a quintessential Burton film , but also more Disney than a lot of Disney films .
A 3-D , black-and-white , stop-motion animated film , it 's a one-man blow for cinematic biodiversity .
-LSB- W -RSB- hile the results are underwhelming , it is one of the better directorial efforts from Burton in a while .
With its touching , personal storytelling and staggering technical accomplishments , Frankenweenie sees Burton back on the top of his game , rediscovering the voice that made him an icon .
... how can any film buff dismiss a brand-new animated feature where the science teacher looks like Vincent Price ?
28 years after the initial short , Frankenweenie finds itself ironically reanimated from the dead , morphed into a superb , 3D stop-motion feature . Young Frankenstein is alive !
Told without a trace of irony or of cynicism , -LSB- it -RSB- celebrates pluck , imagination , and the special bond between child and pet .
Filled with nice and imaginative touches for monster movie buffs , ` Frankenweenie ' might be stitched together from many sources , but it mostly holds together for its nearly 90 minutes up on the screen . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
Irresponsible and insulting in the way that it takes great pains to , quite correctly , rail against messing with the natural order of things before hypocritically contradicting itself in the end .
A deliciously ghoulish story .
The overall effect is great cinema , good fun , a visual feast for pie-eyed Burton fans - and a terrifically warped reminder of just how freaky a PG film can be .
Burton apparently worked on this at night while directing Dark Shadows during the day . Both movies would have benefited greatly from his undivided attention .
Some audiences might feel that `` Frankenweenie '' is creaky , but those on the same wavelength as Burton will gratefully declare it 's alive .
While `` Frankenweenie '' is fun , it is not nearly strange or original enough to join the undead , monstrous ranks of the classics it adores .
A glorious , visually sumptuous stop-motion , black-and-white animated film that kids will see on one level while adults will read it on a completely different level .
There are so many horror auteurs Burton wants to thank that the film is absolutely bursting at the seams with knowing nods .
If one kid who sees it goes home and demands to watch another movie featuring a giant turtle , it will have done its job .
Burton half succeeds in making this revamped Frankenweenie its own distinctive creature , pieced together from the essential bits of the 29-minute original . But he just does n't know when to stop , and his overgrown creation gets the better of him .
Even though the kid-friendly horror genre has become crowded with offerings such as `` ParaNorman , '' `` Monster House '' and `` Coraline , '' the new ` Weenie '' is distinctive .
Frankenweenie is the apotheosis of goth director Tim Burton 's oeuvre : artistic yet sterile , incredibly meticulous and totally misbegotten .
The story brims with self-parody , social satire , horror , nostalgia , wit and emotional insight , with Burton keeping all the plates spinning .
A droll , delightfully macabre little gem ... a boy-and-his-dead-dog fable that 's an irresistible mixture of sentiment and spookiness .
The original short ... is more economical story telling , purer . What this `` Frankenweenie '' does have in spades is heart , even as its boy and his dead dog story circumvents the morals of a monkey 's paw .
Only Tim Burton could envision this Frankenstein-inspired tale , and it 's a honey , a dark and dazzling spellbinder that scares up laughs and surprising emotion .
`` Frankenweenie '' is a mere 87 minutes long , which turns out to be just the right length ; there 's not enough time for Burton to go off the rails as he does in so many of his films .
Tim Burton 's black-and-white , stop-motion expansion of his 1984 short about another young Frankenstein and his reanimated canine has initial charm but suffers from overkill in the final act .
Burton 's extraordinary powers of imagination are in dazzling bloom , from the gorgeous stop-motion animation to the goofy , homemade horror movies the children direct .
Fun-filled and spooky - a weirdly wonderful animated comedy .
It 's simply the best and truest thing Burton 's done in many years .
Frankenweenie is an amalgam of previous stories and themes Tim Burton has been churning out for nearly three decades now . Even if , like Sparky , it 's not exactly fresh anymore , there 's still some juice in there .
Missing , however , are the authentic feelings of morbidity and alienation that once made Burton an interesting filmmaker .
Even as the narrative becomes progressively more ghoulish and a Godzilla wannabe shows up , Frankenweenie never loses its heart .
I was nagged by the feeling that the main motivating force behind the film is to convey that its makers really , really , really love old-school horror movies .
It may be the best animated movie this year , and it 's Burton 's best film since `` Edward Scissorhands . ''
Perhaps returning to his roots did the visionary director a great service since this `` Frankenweenie '' is the best Burton film in well over a decade .
A better , sweeter entry point for talking to youngsters about death than The Odd Life of Timothy Green .
I do n't know that I 've seen a better animated film this year than Frankenweenie . And I do n't know that I will .
High-concept and stylish , Frankenweenie is a playlist of films and characters from Burton 's movie-loving childhood .
The monster-movie component of `` Frankenweenie '' stomps all over the appeal of the original 30-minute version .
Older kids , horror-movie buffs and Burton fans will likely enjoy this oddly gentle tale of a boy and his dog .
While Frankenweenie is pleasant enough as a curated tour through horror 's past , it does n't add much to its present .
This is n't one of Burton 's best , but it has zealous energy .
Might not be quite the jolt that Burton 's work needs , but it 's at least a step in the right direction .
`` Frankenweenie '' is a chill-inducing delight .
Frankenweenie is n't terrible , but compared to other animation out there this year it does suggest Burton 's time may have come and gone .
A beautifully crafted homage to classic horror films , a study of grief and a commentary on the mysteries of science and those who narrow-mindedly fear its advances .
Fans of Tim Burton 1.0 , rejoice : Frankenweenie hearkens back to the director 's salad days and , in turn , to the old-school horror classics that inspired him in the first place .
It is a lovely reminder of why Tim Burton 's films can be wonderful , and should have a long life as a frequently-revisited Disney classic .
The resulting homage to Frankenstein in particular and horror movies in general is exquisite , macabre mayhem and a kind of reanimation all its own .
While not Burton 's greatest accomplishment , it 's his most definitive work in years .
A strange and appealing animated film that explores the unusual adventures of a lonely boy and his eternally frisky dog .
As energetic children 's entertainment with a twist it works fine , but Frankenweenie has the elements to go further before it settles for something that feels too familiar .
It 's all perfectly entertaining , but never really reaches the heights of hilarity , perhaps because everything about the plot is underdeveloped .
Revisiting the past - his own , and that of the masters who came before him - seems to have brought this filmmaker 's boyish enthusiasm back to life , as well .
If dark and twisted is how you like your Burton movies , you 're in luck .
What still eludes Burton is the ability to deepen the superficial allure of his visions .
Tight and brief , hitting all the marks you 'd expect from an animated kid 's film , and enlivened by Burton 's visual style . The man should make more small movies like this one .
Amusing from beginning to end , a heartwarming relationship at its core , and its love for classic horror worn on its sleeve , Frankenweenie is one of Tim Burton 's best .
-LSB- T -RSB- he Tim Burton-est movie ... in a long while , not merely because it embodies all those wonderfully weird and humanist Burton attitudes but also because only Burton would think to make a stop-motion film in glorious , creamy , black-and-white .
Perfectly poised for a Halloween release , I daresay Frankenweenie is an instant classic .
This magnificent stop-motion cartoon is alive -- `` it 's alive ! -- with laughs and heart
Boy , it 's nice to have Tim Burton back ... A beautiful movie ... it will be quite threatening to some grown-ups , but those are the best kinds of kids movies .
Tim Burton 's sense of playfulness feels forced throughout , and as the film progresses , any humor or inventiveness takes a backseat to tumultuous set pieces that reference Frankenstein .
-LSB- VIDEO ESSAY -RSB- There 's a lot to appreciate in Burton 's tastefully punchy animated horror comedy . `` Frankenweenie '' is poised to be the next best Halloween classic for kids .
I swear , the older I get , the more of a baby I become . ` Frankenweenie ' clocks in at 87 minutes ; I cried for 70 .
Burton brings genuine enthusiasm to Frankenweenie that helps it transcend its stylistic familiarity
Feels more like a `` real '' Tim Burton movie than most of his recent live-action ones .
Combining several of his favorite concepts , including a loving tribute to the 1931 classic , Tim Burton has made one of his most joyous works in years .
Nothing about Frankenweenie the feature is offensively stale like some of Burton 's recent work - it 's always fun to look at , and has its share of good lines . It 's just not that exciting a thing to recommend , either .
It 's the best thing with Burton 's name on it in the past five years .
The film is diverting fun in fits and starts but ca n't quite achieve a coherent whole .
Imaginative in a highly familiar and ultimately tedious way .
This beautifully designed canine-resurrection saga feels , somewhat fittingly , stitched together from stray narrative parts , but nonetheless evinces a level of discipline and artistic coherence missing from the director 's recent live-action efforts .
It works well enough as a left-of-center family movie .
The familiarity is agreeable , even comforting , but I must admit it does , at times , get tired .
I do n't think Burton has ever connected with his audience like this ... -LSB- ` Frankenweenie ' -RSB- is overflowing with passion , creativity and genuine heart .
The reimagining of one of his earliest works into a black-and-white stop-motion adventure marks a slight return to form only because its `` Burtonesque '' qualities are more charming than conventional .
Gorgeously animated and playful in its love of classic monsters , Burton 's very personal little dog movie has plenty of charm to overcome its faults .
Visually it 's so smart and inventive and downright beautiful that you want to stand up and cheer . Tim Burton 's imagination ? IT 'S ALIVE !
Burton 's finest , freshest film in ages is a welcome homecoming . You 'd call it patchwork pastiche , if it were n't so zapped with energy , feeling and imagination . It 's alive !

@highlight

Frankenweenie is an energetic stop-motion horror movie spoof with lovingly crafted visuals and a heartfelt , oddball story .