This is Rent for the It 's Complicated generation , a subtle , meandering movie about how one 's life can slowly slide away .
The premise is vast but merely swirls around topics peripherally .
Ultimately , nothing in the story adds up to much .
Love Is Strange is an extraordinary achievement in the purest sense of the word extraordinary , for it transcends the ordinary by luxuriating in it with wonderfully oddball rhythms .
Yes , love is strange , but thank the heavens for that . In a world where lives are increasingly swayed by mortgages and job security , the nonsensical weirdness of love may be our only salvation .
Pivoting on a loving couple growing older , not having finances in place , needing to rely on others to get by , Love Is Strange has universal poignancy .
True to Sachs ' style , the movie is n't designed as an actor 's showcase . We 're not supposed to notice the acting here -- just the people .
John Lithgow and Alfred Molina ... deliver wonderful performances as long-in-love older gents kept apart by the real estate market -LRB- a familiar story , and not just in New York , it seems -RRB- .
Pitch-perfect acting and a fine control of high emotion that never slips into treacly sentiment distinguish this small and lovely ensemble piece by writer-director Ira Sachs .
Sachs understands -LSB- Lithgow and Molina 's -RSB- consummate skills as actors ; putting them together , the result is wonderfully warm and wise .
A timely New York story for any orientation , Love is Strange is Ira Sachs ' most accessible film , until its frustrating ending .
Molina and Lithgow 's relationship is one of the most convincing in recent memory and it 's thanks to their tender performances that the film is such a success .
Its slice-of-life concerns may seem trivial , but `` Love Is Strange '' is genuinely funny , tender and moving in spots .
Love is Strange is one of the most haunting love stories we will get to see in theaters this year . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
Love is Strange is a powerful fable about love and relationships . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
`` Love is Strange '' is an unpretentious film , made for those times when you just want to relax . -LSB- full review Spanish -RSB-
In a few words , this is a great film . -LSB- Full Review In Spanish -RSB-
There is a hushed wisdom in this film . Find it .
The best thing about Love Is Strange is its title .
As a couple , Lithgow and Molina are flawless . It 's like watching your own grandparents , who are still madly in love after decades together .
Love is strange and so is this movie , but in a good way . It 's so low key that you barely notice when big things are happening .
John Lithgow and Alfred Molina shine in a sweet , heartfelt little New York drama playing Ben and George , two gay men who decide to marry after a 39-year live-in arrangement ... full of small , telling moments .
Endearingly performed by Alfred Molina -LRB- as George -RRB- and John Lithgow -LRB- as Ben -RRB- as two ageing New York lovers who finally marry , Love Is Strange might have been more aptly titled Love Is Mellow
Sometimes gently funny , sometimes piercingly sad , ultimately uplifting .
There 's lots of charm , from the looks Ben and George give one another , to the easiness of their shared company .
'' ... a film laden with dignity and restraint that never needs to resort to melodrama or contrivance . ''
-LSB- A -RSB- quietly beguiling tale of an ageing gay couple who have been together for decades ...
Most of all it 's a film about love -- love that 's a little frayed around the edges sometimes but straightforward , funny and true .
The emotion is in the writing and in the story . The actors realise that it 's the details which count here -- the looks and gestures -- not the showy speeches .
Written and directed by Ira Sachs , this is a non-action film of the kind that determinedly shuns any melodrama . All major events happen off screen while the focus is on the small everyday interactions that make up a life .
It starts with a marriage . A marriage which is also , unexpectedly , an ending of sorts , although you would n't know it from the hum of warmth and goodwill that surrounds Ben -LRB- John Lithgow -RRB- and George -LRB- Alfred Molina -RRB- .
Get ready to feel your heart skip .
Love Is Strange is a kind of gay Tokyo Story , every bit as life - affirming and heart-breaking .
Would love to see another movie about these two characters .
Heartening , heart-warming and heartbreaking , Love Is Strange is a road trip through a durable , fascinating romance .
Low-key yet dramatically confident , it 's genuinely convincing portrayal of two faithful -LRB- ish -RRB- old dogs whose relationship can weather anything that 's thrown at it .
Molina and Lithgow are both superb : two crusty romantics searching for crumbs in a world , however well-meaning , that is too busy for love unless it comes tidy , manageable and vexation-free .
This is a film of great gentleness and subtlety .
In this pointed and involving New York drama , the snap of realistic dialogue more than makes up for a fundamental flaw in the premise .
This is real love : there is old age , there is debt , there is misunderstanding . There are also terrific performances that will make this romance a modern classic .
Gentle and naturalistic , Love Is Strange is an intimate portrait of devotion that you will root for , without falling in love .
Lithgow , Molina and Tomei deliver some of their finest ever work in this quietly moving look into the finite nature of so much of life , not just love .
Elevated from nice to beautifully memorable by wonderful performances and thoughtful direction of perfect small moments .
One of the most beautifully and incisively observed family dramas in recent memory ...
` Love is Strange ' takes something so right and leaves it hanging all wrong .
A two-hankie weepie featuring an older male couple separated by a sad twist of fate and a soundtrack heavily laden with Chopin sonatas , Ira Sachs ' `` Love Is Strange '' is not really strange at all .
`` Love Is Strange '' is a testament to love , not in an overly sentimental way , but in a realistic way .
These two actors are right at home , even if their characters continue to live in a place that does n't feel that way .
It 's the tender performances of Lithgow and Molina that carry the film .
Gentle and almost overwhelmingly bittersweet , this drama is packed with such engaging characters that the weaknesses of the plot do n't seem too distracting .
Love is Strange is lovely , painful and universal .
Sachs is a profoundly visual artist with a musical soul . It 's the basic storytelling that gets in his way .
While Love Is Strange might not surprise-the film 's title , after all , is hardly a revelatory statement-this beautifully acted story is a wonder in itself .
An absolutely compelling piece about the commitment of longtime partners , who just happen to be gay .
It 's about the strangeness of love in all its forms , with Sachs ' quiet , observational style capturing tensions on a small scale between the ideal we hope for in our interactions-with friends , with family , with lovers-and reality ...
We 've seen our share of dramas and sitcoms about LGBT couples , but very few that have the wit and style of Ira Sachs ' Love Is Strange .
Elegiac , beautifully shot ...
I left the theater on Thursday morning feeling sad and happy and , maybe , a little wiser . That 's about all we can ask of a movie , I think .
It 's OK for a movie to leave an audience asking questions . In fact , it can be a sign that a movie has a lot to say . Except , that is , when the question is this one : `` So what ? ''
A smart and cozy watch , and very well-acted , especially by the leads .
Love Is Strange is a wonderfully assured romance , a collection of wonderful performances led through a handful of truly beautiful domestic scenes .
Love is Strange portrays intersecting assumptions and desires , revelations and resentments , with lovely work by cinematographer Christos Voudouris offering a range of perspectives .
`` Love is Strange '' boasts an abundance of patience and kindness - but not much of a pulse .
Sachs rarely overstates his themes . `` Love Is Strange '' is largely a restrained drama about the loss of comfort .
Love Is Strange is drab-looking and has its longueurs , but it 's emotionally very full .
If making the audience care about the made-up people and situations depicted onscreen is the ultimate measure of a film 's success , no 2014 film has succeeded so well ...
Most of the conversations are about the difficulties of finding affordable NYC housing , a niche concern if ever there was one .
It has plenty of conflict , but is virtually free from the demands of traditional plot-heavy films . It carries the ring of truth at least partially because its subtext is everything , and its scenes are rarely about what they 're really about .
Molina and Lithgow are a marvelous presence , establishing such potent chemistry that it remains tangible during their long stretches apart .
Sachs is more concerned with telling a universal tale of commitment and intimacy that 's neither defined nor constrained by preconceived notions .
If it was conceived as a ` message ' movie , the message is one of love and hope .
Initially , you suspect you 're in for a 90-minute sermon on gay rights . Instead , the traumas have a universal resonance
Sometimes a little movie comes along that 's so achingly authentic it feels real .
Driven by the tour de force performances of John Lithgow and Alfred Molina , Love Is Strange ... is artful and beautifully realized .
The pic becomes more about a gay couple 's NYC real estate difficulties than their gay rights struggle .
The shot outside the subway entrance -- one lengthy long-shot , perfectly composed and set to a Chopin nocturne -- is probably the most beautiful thing I 've seen in a movie all year .
Rewarding and interesting .
Sachs ' film is both gentle and sad , and while it can sometimes seem a little too downbeat , it ends on a note of hope as quiet and simple as the melancholy that preceded it .
`` Love is Strange '' captures scenes , such as a day Ben spends painting the city from his rooftop , of ordinary , perfect moments , ones that turned out to be the end of something . But you did n't realize it at the time .
I ca n't say enough about how smart and clear-eyed it is . And moving : I 'm wiping tears off my keyboard as I type this .
Unrealistic premise that drags on .
Writer-director Ira Sachs has made a film that 's messy and unfocused -- and , in this instance , that 's not a detriment .
The film may seem to be doing very little , but it evinces great sensitivity ... as it explores a universal theme of dealing with life 's unexpected derailments and trying to get back on track .
A slice-of-life glimpse at relationships , unwanted house guests and maintaining one 's humanity . Molina and Lithgow are as comfy as well-worn bathrobes .
This is not a strident film ; it 's about subtle performances .
By the end , when love is in the air again , we realize the title is meant ironically . Love is n't strange , after all . It 's something for which we all hope , to which we 're all entitled , and which almost all of us have the power to achieve .
The movie seems to teeter on the brink of tragedy with its earnest tone and somewhat fragile characters , but there is lightness in every breath of dialogue .
An unforgettable portrait , set to a dazzling soundtrack of Chopin piano pieces , of the sense of loss we all feel when we are obliged to move into unfamiliar and uncomfortable surroundings .
`` Love Is Strange '' is beautifully acted and bittersweet . It 's a gentle reminder that modern love , like a houseplant , needs sunlight , space and attention to grow .
Gentle and bittersweet , it 's about love in its many permutations .
A sweet , random little nothing of a comedy
Here 's a movie filled with the joy and sadness , the frustrations and pleasures , of real life .
The two leads are magnificent in this affecting look at what happens after a happy ending .
A film about learning , and changing , and learning to change .
Sachs tells the story with artful economy - one late , crucial plot point happens without our seeing it - and ends it with an achingly lovely image , caught in golden sunlight .
All this might have become downright tedious were it not for the fact that Lithgow and Molina remain exquisitely watchable actors ; their performances here are models of subtlety , especially when nothing all that dramatic is happening onscreen .
From the first scene , where the pair spoon in a crowded double bed and go about their morning ablutions , the actors convincingly communicate the familiarity of longtime companions .
What lends it spirit is the performances , both major and minor , and Sachs 's determination to dramatize same-sex love not as groundbreaking , but as securely rooted -- rent control and all -- in common ground .
Sometimes , love can feel like hate or annoyance - it is , as the title states , strange . But sometimes , more often than not , it can be a wonderful thing .
`` Love Is Strange '' is one of those lovely little movies that starts out being about a handful of people and ends up being about all of us .
The movie , which feels a bit like a mashup of Woody Allen and Mike Leigh , succeeds on its simple story and its lead actors .
A film of intricate emotions and small gestures that , taken together , express wonderment at the profundity of human relationships while resolutely eschewing melodramatic excess .
Does n't have much of an exit plan , but it does n't really matter when the leads are this magnificently understated and real , making plot secondary when offered a chance to watch two exceptional actors dig into a special script .
`` Love is Strange '' is a richly rewarding film . Hopefully it will be remembered come Oscar season .
Lithgow and especially Molina create a lived-in relationship shared by two very different people , both actors very moving in their separate journeys back into one another 's arms .
A heartbreaking and tender look at a gay couple whose lives are torn apart by a simple act of love .
This simple joy , and the ease these two actors have around each other - is perhaps what makes director Ira Sachs ' movie so heartbreaking .
Lithgow and Molina exquisitely capture the intimacy and interdependence that only those in very long-term relationships understand .
The strangest thing about `` Love Is Strange '' is how completely un-strange it is , from its familiar family dynamics to its exquisite honesty and compassion .
It falls to Lithgow and Molina to create empathy for the major characters , and the two of them fit so well together that it 's heartbreaking when their marriage suffers terrible strain .
Beautifully realized in Sachs 's sensitive characterization are the pain of separation and the despair of becoming a burden on the next generation .
See `` Love Is Strange '' for its sensitivity and understated jokes , but mainly for Lithgow and Molina 's expertly modulated work , which pulls the movie back when it threatens to stray into melodrama or heavy-handedness .
Ira Sachs ' semiautobiographical tale is like a small but determined beating heart hiding somewhere deep inside the big , ugly Hollywood machine .
The acting is effortless , with even small characters portrayed very clearly . There is feeling throughout the movie , however muted .
Many , I suspect , will be moved to tears by `` Love Is Strange , '' which Sachs earns the hard way : not by amping up the dramatic situations , but by grace notes and quiet spells cast by all the right actors .
And the bravura final 15 minutes : dear God in Manhattan ! ... one lyrical , cinematic wallop after another ... What was very , very good , with modest leaps beyond plausibility , reaches for authentic greatness .
Sachs does n't subvert his tearjerker enterprise so much as soften and parcel out emotion , empathizing no more with the distraught couple than with their hosts , whose lives are no less inconvenienced , or interesting .
Love Is Strange is beautiful in every way that a film can be beautiful , and unabashedly so .
Nothing showy or fussy from director Ira Sachs and cinematographer Christos Voudouris , the camera lingers on human details , the goodness and tenderness between these men , with a lot to say about the level of scrutiny gay lives are subjected to routinely .
Despite spending most of the screentime apart , the audience is invited to enjoy Ben and George 's company as much as they do .
So many films are made up of wonderful scenes with an end result that does n't really add up to a compelling whole . Love Is Strange pulls off this tricky task with aplomb . It is full of breath-taking beauty , both visual and thematic .
The living-apart scenario is contrived -- there was no way for these men to share a space somewhere ? -- but the two actors are so good that it does n't much matter .
Lithgow , with his modulated flamboyance , and Molina , with his sad-eyed realism , are perfect individually and as a team . But the movie tends to drift away from an audience , because it 's all sensibility , no sense .
Heartfelt drama about love , real estate has some swearing .
You need to give `` Love Is Strange '' your eyes and ears and attention , let it work its effects on you gradually , like the lovely Chopin piano music that forms the spine of its soundtrack .
A heartbreaking movie - the story of two people who love each other , who are devoted to each other , who only want to live together in quiet happiness .
Without Molina and Lithgow , the film might feel like little more than a light experiment in social dynamics . But nearly everything about `` Love Is Strange '' suits it ...
Tender , understated , deeply human and quietly powerful . John Lithgow and Alfred Molina give career-best performances .
It 's one of the best films of the year so far , a haunting portrayal of how easily things you took for granted can slip through your fingers and the way that dozens of loved ones can still make for only a tenuous safety net when you fall .
I did n't know that apartments still sell for pittances in the city 's superheated market , but it 's only one of many details that do n't ring true in a movie that gives you time to wonder about such things in between the plodding plot points .
Love may be weird , complicated and uncertain , but it is also wondrous . Love Is Strange makes that case with a remarkable blend of tenderness , wit and intelligence
Scripted by Sachs and Mauricio Zacharias , the movie is warm , unforced and believable . Much of that can be credited to Lithgow and Molina , who fully inhabit the roles of Ben and George .
` Love is Strange ' has more in common with bad houseguest movies - like the Turkish film ` Distant , ' if not ` Houseguest ' - than ` Philadelphia ' or ` Prick Up Your Ears . '
Director Ira Sachs ' drama is full of thoughtful , intelligent reserve .
Love Is Strange is a delight to watch unfold .
One of those quiet movies that , like a Michael Cunningham novel , sneaks up and punches you in the face , just as you were thinking `` What does any of this add up to ? ''
Acting does n't get better than this . Want to know what love is ? Watch Lithgow and Molina and learn .
The story of George and Ben seems to have been plucked from a meadow of narrative possibilities ; an interesting movie could have been made about everybody in this one .
`` Love is Strange '' is a patient film . The emotions it unleashes are enormous .
The filmmaker observes with great sensitivity , letting certain conflicts play just below the surface .
One of the most beautifully acted movies in recent times , this affecting love story earns our tears .
`` Love is Strange '' is very well worth seeing for its two stars , who acutely convey the pain their characters feel over their separation as well as displaying their considerable comic chops to keep things from getting too grim .
Mr. Sachs thankfully shirks the schtick , settling instead on a more mellow and meandering narrative , with pockets of humor and heartbreak , giving Love Is Strange its casual , welcoming feel .
Sachs conveys a sense of their entire long relationship and the history around it by depicting a difficult , late chapter whose uncertain outcome underscores what they mean to each other ...
Sachs goes for subdued subtlety and winds up with a beautiful and unforgettable film .
That 's the mercurial beauty of Love Is Strange : It 's about things that actually matter in life and in a partnership , including the debit column in the checkbook .
`` Love Is Strange '' is wise about the hold that intimate connections have on us and awed by love 's complexity and uncertainty .
Moving drama about an aging gay couple forced to improvise when their life together in love is put in jeopardy .
-LSB- VIDEO ESSAY -RSB- `` Society Is Mean '' might be a more applicable title , for it is not the palpable human connection of tenderness that seems `` strange , '' but rather our culture of intolerance that comes across as most bizarre .
Ira Sachs ' sublimely told and beautifully acted contemporary romantic drama about an aging gay Manhattan couple hitting some unexpected choppy waters is the flip side of his dark , raw and daring Keep the Lights on but every bit as engaging .
Ira Sachs 's push for heartrending poetry makes it clear that the film is putting too fine a gloss on the acute pains of one small tragedy .
John Lithgow and Alfred Molina create a genuinely tender chemistry that turns Love Is Strange into a sweet love story about how a strong relationship can bring out the brightest moments of life .
Even when it perplexes , ` Love is Strange ' is tonic in a summer of overhyped cinema .
Sachs takes an impeccably balanced approach to the film .
Encompassing a sensitive and beautiful soul , Sachs ' film allows for a deep connection , embodied by all the great things that make up a terrific love story .
Sachs does n't subvert his tearjerker enterprise so much as soften and parcel out emotion , empathizing no more with the distraught couple than with their hosts , whose lives are no less inconvenienced , or interesting .
An authentic look at an aging gay couple and the tensions created when , because of financial difficulties , they have to move in with friends and relatives .
Sachs finds drama in silence , and makes the mundane rich with humanity .
Nothing if not timely . Molina and Lithgow are both excellent . -LRB- Ira -RRB- Sachs ' no-nonsense , naturalistic style of directing also serves the film well . Should not be missed .
George and Ben , Molina and Lithgow ; between them , Love is Strange will give you something to write home about .
Love is Strange exudes a recognizable feeling of warmth and acceptance , touches upon common social injustices , and depicts familiar struggles and universally desired goals .
Extremely subtle and touching cinema .
Fully earns the tears and transcends any labels you 'd like to place on it .
Calling Love Is Strange a great gay love story is both precise and inaccurate ; I doubt I 'll see a more finely performed and beautifully crafted love story , with or without any mere modifiers , up on the big screen this year .
It 's a mature and subtle piece of storytelling , and as delicate and lovely as the classical compositions by Frėdėric Chopin that play on the film 's soundtrack .
It 's an essential-and essentially New York-story about limited room , limited time but incalculable attachment .
Ira Sachs ' film makes you understand the miracle and good fortune of finding love .
Set in the Big Apple , this is a sprawling yet intimate narrative , constructed almost entirely of in-between moments rather than the big turning points and tragedies .
This beautifully observed ensembler shines on the strength of its two leads , John Lithgow and Alfred Molina , who conjure four decades together as they enter the `` for better , for worse '' phase of their union .

@highlight

Held aloft by remarkable performances from John Lithgow and Alfred Molina , Love Is Strange serves as a graceful tribute to the beauty of commitment in the face of adversity .