Raw docu shows band at a low point ; frequent cursing .
A mostly terrific documentary about a mostly terrible album . Despite derisory poor-me whining , it captures fragility and fear in Metallica 's questioned relevancy , considered disbandment and the closest things to tears they can muster for each other .
An entertaining and penetrating look at the creative process
Metallica : Some Kind Of Monster is a masterpiece of rock 'n roll documentary filmmaking , and has set the bar high for those who attempt it in the future .
Overlong , but interesting documentary of heavy metal band Metallica .
Probing study of dysfunctional heavy metal band
A magnificent documentary ! I talked about it for seven days afterwards .
What the film lacks in music , it makes up for with emotional upheavals and conflict .
It 's hard for me to grok why Metallica is the most popular or the most hated heavy-metal band there ever was .
Who else would give documentary filmmakers this kind of access to their lives ? I 'll tell you who : Anna Nicole Smith , and any of the has-beens from The Surreal Life .
You do n't need to be a Metallica fan to appreciate this well-done documentary .
Easier to like and admire than the album that spawned it .
-LSB- Shows -RSB- less ` the majesty of rock ' ... than the banal yet ultimately far more inspirational reality of flawed human beings confronting their demons and getting down to -LRB- admittedly big money -RRB- business .
Perhaps the most dynamic and enthralling cinematic storytelling ever to emerge from the mystique-shrouded fog of rock 'n' roll relationships .
Too long ... For them to allow their petulant disagreements to be so widely seen indicates that they are either amazingly mature and self-confident , or amazingly masochistic .
The real beauty of `` Metallica '' is its understanding of a business , and a fan base , that provide no way to age gracefully while retaining musical credibility .
Whether you know everything or nothing about Metallica , it will rock you .
it 's truly laudable that the band let them keep filming , even after what was originally intended to be a `` making of '' puff piece turns into an intense psychodrama .
There 's something so right about seeing multimillionaire metal monsters reduced to crybabies , slamming doors , flinging passive-aggresive insults and pouting like 8-year-olds .
A cultural document of significance and insight about group dynamics , the creative process and the business of being Metallica .
It 's not the sort of film that will make you like its subjects , but you will understand them and appreciate their power .
Fans of the band will love the revealing footage , especially landmark moments such as bassist auditions -LRB- more famous names showed up than the one they picked -RRB- and encounters with the ex-Metallica members -LRB- Newsted and Megadeth frontman Dave Mustaine -RRB- .
Comparisons to `` This is Spinal Tap '' abound in this inside look at the heavy metal rock band Metallica , but `` This is Spinal Tap '' was a heck of a lot of fun also .
A compelling documentary that allows us exposure to musicians in a more personal manner than usual .
Berlinger and Sinofsky ... have created the most revelatory movie about musical creativity since Let It Be .
An intimate and expansive portrait of a band grappling with inner demons and external forces that have changed the music business .
If you 're a fan , you will almost certainly be touched by this effort to put an entire dysfunctional band on the couch . And if you 're not , well , you 're going to giggle .
While it does give us a more honest glimpse into the business of rock music , the film is also more than a little windy -LRB- after more than two hours , it becomes wearisome -RRB- .
Dude , where 's my therapist ?
An unflinching and often hilarious look at the humanity of these heavy-metal gods .
The band 's literal Dr. Phil even develops a ` Metallica Mission Statement ' that asks the musicians to become ` healers of ourselves ' -- a far cry from ` Kill 'Em All . '
On its own merits , the movie is an enthralling -LRB- if overlong -RRB- group portrait ; viewed in context , it 's even more fascinating , continually proving the opposite of every point it tries to make .
Absorbing , funny , exhilaratingly entertaining .
Serious , funny , frustrating and touching .
Some Kind of Monster is some weird kind of wonderful .
Like all worthwhile rock documentaries , Monster turns its viewers into voyeurs , taking them inside some intimate moments and making them squirm .
Fans will undoubtedly thrive on every second . For the rest of us , Monster is precisely that : a creature powerful but ungainly .
It 's great emotional fodder for old-school Metallica fans and smart , tugging drama for people unfamiliar with the band .
-LSB- An -RSB- overlong but startling heavy metal-therapy documentary .
By the time this fascinating two-hour - and-20-minute film ends , you 'll have seen the group rise from the ashes of its own massive discontent .
The movie permits us to hover from first riff to last encore , during which Metallica finds a new record and itself just as it all seems to be coming apart .
Mesmerizing , often funny , even poignant .
Overkill to anyone who never flashed the group 's devil horns salute .
Metallica : Some Kind of Monster does n't require you to know anything about the band Metallica or heavy metal music , but it supplies a lot of information about various kinds of monsters .
The filmmakers did n't do anything to make Metallica look like douchebags , the band did that very well on their own .
-LSB- P -RSB- rofoundly moving ... may well be the new yardstick against which the next 20 years of rock movies will be measured ...
Berlinger and Sinofsky , with their knack for penetrating the diabolical pretensions of weak and disaffected human beings , have brought Metallica to its knees .
No rock doc has burrowed so deeply into the bruised egos , arrested development and internal conflict that make up a superstar band .
A movie about narcissism that indulges that narcissism -- vindicated by our decision to pay a few bucks for the honour .
A counterintuitive , riveting documentary so honest that it will either become a rock movie classic or a severe embarrassment for the heavy metal band .
It works because there is something oddly compelling about watching legendary heavy metal , hard rock tough guys go to therapy and talk about their feelings .
Carefully structured from 1600 hours of film , yet still an impressive insight into Metallica 's world .
Berlinger and Sinofsky manipulate almost two years of raw footage into one coherent , riveting and educational piece .
... a riveting fly-on-the-wall look at a dysfunctional family behaving badly during its darkest hours . -LRB- And it only feels like a sequel to Spinal Tap 30 % of the time . -RRB-
has a pretty similar trajectory to Sam Jones 's wonderful `` I Am Trying to Break Your Heart , '' but Jones is to Berlinger & Sinofsky as Edward G. Ulmer is to Alfred Hitchcock
This extraordinary film deserves mention alongside such great rock movies as Gim me Shelter and Stop Making Sense .
A memorable tragic-comedy that produces its share of laughs in between the very real tears of rage and frustration .
The polar opposite of a puff piece . It 's raw and sometimes ugly , but strives for honesty and intensity -- kind of like Metallica 's own music .
By the time the film is over , you 'll have witnessed a curious creative process , seeing not just an album made but a group of people redefined .
Uncompromising but never hateful , Some Kind of Monster is a very good movie and , within its own surprising logic , ultimately a victorious one for Metallica .
Poignantly honest and brave , and fascinating even for those of us unfamiliar with Metallica 's music .
... a brilliant film .
Berlinger and Sinofsky manage something remarkable : They connect us to the actual people who comprise Metallica , the former working - and middle-class California kids who have now spent half their lives rich and famous .
Now that they 're past 40 with families of their own , Hetfield and Ulrich finally face their demons . Watching them do so is fascinating , funny and more than a little relatable to anyone finding himself unexpectedly -LRB- can it be ? -RRB- middle-aged .
It 's the fly-on-the-wall aspect of seeing these heavy-metal kingpins express intimate emotions that will have people -- or at the very least , metalheads -- flocking to movie theatres .
It 's less rockumentary and more exploration of , and meditation on long-term relationships , creativity and maturity , the value of the ` talking cure ' and the quest for personal authenticity in a matrix of family demands , peer pressure and corporate greed .
One of the most marvelous rock documentaries of all time .
It 's head-banging entertainment from start to finish .
I still think Metallica rocks , but I do n't know if you will .
Do n't let anyone spoil the surprises of this thrashing , thrilling chunk of cinematic gold . It 's one for the time capsule .
Puts you eye to human eye with struggling creatures neither fully god nor fully beast .
Less Therapeutica and more Alcoholica would have been welcome .
Keeping the docu from feeling like a whine-fest is Hetfield , whose sharp-humored , powerful presence is always magnetic .
To go through with this film took guts , honesty and even a kind of nobility -- and all of us who are fascinated by the unsolvable quandaries of pop culture owe the band for that .
This is an engrossing film for anyone interested in the ongoing saga of the human condition .
If you 're not a fan of Metallica , after this movie you will be .
A mesmerizing spectacle .
Transcends the rockumentary genre and becomes something uniquely its own .
Berlinger and Sinofsky are very good at both capturing the specifics of these men 's quarrels and making them universal .
Great theater .
The quartet appears to be mightily lacking in the brains and judgment departments .
An astonishingly intimate look at the disconnect between the hard-partying image that earned the band the nickname Alcohollica and the behind-the-scenes reality .
The worst kind of rockumentary : a boring , self-important , uninspired portrayal of a band more than a decade past its prime .
Funny , insightful , and brave - not exactly the first words that come to mind when I think of Metallica , but certainly true of their documentary .
The most raw and real portrayal of how a rock group works ... and how it sometimes does n't .
Raw , riveting rock doc goes inside a mega-band 's crisis -- and captures an unexpectedly human search for connection .
The filmmakers Joe Berlinger and Bruce Sinofsky turn what might have been a conventional behind-the-scenes rockumentary into a riveting , intricate psychodrama .
Joe Berlinger and Bruce Sinofsky could hardly have known what they were in for when they set out to make a movie about Metallica .
Even if you 're not a fan of their music , Metallica : Some Kind of Monster is a revelation : funny , fascinating and insightful .
It goes to places no other band has dared to explore in public : finances , fights , families , real feelings about one another and the things required to stay commercially successful .
There 's an almost soap-opera aspect to the story , about people with deep affection for each other , but also 20 years of hard history and a candidness one ca n't help but respect .
This silly juxtaposition of hardened , tattooed headbangers lamenting about abandonment issues is precisely what makes this documentary both touching and entertaining .
Like a hopelessly elongated episode of ` Behind the Music ' ... By the end many viewers might think the subtitle should really be ` Some Kind of Joke . '
There is no better time for this film to be , even if its appeal would be mostly limited to band fans and sociologists .
One need n't be a fan of Metallica or heavy metal to be engrossed throughout .
What ties each moment together is the fascinating and emotional tale of rock and its heroes growing up yet trying , against the odds , to stay genuine .
Overlong and repetitious .
A two-and-a-half-hour puff piece about how ` important ' Metallica are and , worse , how much ` integrity ' they have .
Head-bangers and novice metalheads alike should find this bare-bones , honest , often brutal rock movie an intriguing and compelling look into the lives of rock n ' roll legends .
Some Kind of Monster is a first : a film that 's intimate to a fault .
One of the most intriguing films of the year .
The film will engage a much broader audience than just Metallica fans .
has plenty of stuff to savor
... an intriguing study of an extremely popular heavy metal band and their personal issues .
The result will stand as one of the most intense , in-depth , warts-and-all rockumentaries ever made -- VH1 's Behind the Music cranked up to 11 and beyond .
These are rich , aging men in a young man 's game , and the discrepancy between image and reality , captured by the filmmakers , makes for engrossing material .
Although frequently funny , the movie ultimately works or not based on the music . And , even for non-fans , the music turns out to be quite inviting and invigorating .
... there 's more than enough here to hold the interest of those that are n't necessarily into this kind of music .
Berlinger and Sinofsky have raised the bar even higher with subjects who dare to risk exposing their raw psyches , warts and all .
The members of Metallica have become so successful and so insulated from the real world that they actually think that everyone else should care about their problems as much as they do .
Because of its unexpected level of intimacy , it will likely hold the interest of even those with no interest in heavy metal bands .













@highlight

Fascinating behind-the-scenes look at how Metallica survives one of their more turbulent periods .