It is a Scarlett Johansson movie , but not as we know it .
What was originally a bonkers and sententious parable about class , labour , and the horrors of the meat industry-run by a race of talking antelope-like beings from another planet-is now essentially an abstract coming-of-age picture .
There 's an under-explored sociological insight to be gleaned from the encounters that follow .
this mysterious masterpiece seduces you into a very different twilight zone of unforgettable sci-fi strangeness .
Under The Skin is as sloppy as it is bold and may quickly bore some with its evasive themes .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Jonathan Glazer 's Under the Skin is a film with the courage of its silences and ellipses .
Under the Skin is a movie that truly defies articulation . It 's visceral ; not violent or exploitative , but challenging and exotic .
Glazer judges the men who die as he leers at Johansson in the exact same manner . Then there 's a fire , and you wonder why you bothered .
I just hated , hated , hated every mind-numbingly pretentious minute of it .
Though Johansson barely speaks , she conveys her alien character 's unfamiliarity with her body and her surroundings , as well as her growing awareness of what it means to be human , in every look and subtle motion .
Repetitive but creepy sci-fi horror flick likely to get under your skin .
An exploration and subversion of the unstated theme of ` Species ' and its ilk : the fear of female sexuality , and the fantasy scenarios that are all tied up in those fears .
Like much of the imagery that follows , the opening segment is a sensory immersion into an experience beyond comprehension .
Like so many classics , it works singularly across multiple genres -LRB- horror , science fiction , drama , thriller -RRB- but its beauty comes from all those elements working in concert .
Minds will be blown to the four winds . And - fair warning - a percentage of American ticket buyers may find themselves exasperated and/or exiting early .
The premise is intriguing and it 's only the possibility that something might come of it that keeps your attention , but that attention is never rewarded .
A visionary , thought-provoking sci-fi masterpiece ...
There is a relentless quality about it that keeps you going . It 's the kind of `` art '' film that reminds one of Roman Polanski 's `` Repulsion . ''
Under the Skin is exactly where it gets .
Glacial in pace , skeletal in plot , and generally nasty , Jonathan Glazer 's Under the Skin is a repetitive nightmare of drear and dread punctuated by moments of queasy-making horror .
With a soundtrack of grinding frequencies and uneasy point-of-view camera shots , the everyday becomes otherworldly .
Under the Skin manages to fulfill the promise of its prologue , burrowing under the viewer 's skin without pretense , or the benefit of Laura 's bedside manner .
We do learn a little about ourselves by the conclusion , but when it came to holding my attention for the duration of a feature-length film , I found the experience far too alien .
There 's an eerie brilliance and a haunting beauty to `` Under the Skin , '' writer-director Jonathan Glazer 's beyond-strange exploration of what it means to be human - seen from an outside perspective .
The exquisitely odd `` Under the Skin '' feels like a really ambitious student film . That has nothing to do with its quality .
It 's admirable that Johansson should be so willing to go off the Hollywood grid , but the truth is , `` Under the Skin '' would have been a lot better if it was n't so excruciatingly arty .
Nearly wordless and devoid of comforting context , and driven by composer Mica Levi 's haunting and discordant score , Under the Skin will drill deep and lay eggs in your brain .
Like Johansson 's unearthly visitor , the film loses its way occasionally , but it 's an experience you 'll not forget in a hurry .
As the movie guesses at her , wants her , is repelled by her , and can not fathom her , you are left to figure out your own position , under your skin .
The good news is that Under The Skin does indeed break out of its own formula . The bad news is that it does so in a way that seems to delight in obfuscating its message , and is wilfully , gleefully impenetrable .
This one will haunt you .
Glazer continues to bat 1.000 , which is both good and bad . Good because he makes amazing films , bad because he 's only made three in 14 years .
Under the Skin is one of those unforgettable movies that promises to stay with you long after the end credits have rolled .
This is an intelligent and classy film , part sci-fi , part horror and part thriller that shows just how good an actress Johansson can be when given the chance .
Imagine for a moment that Marilyn Monroe - in a black wig and outfitted in tarty Primark - is dropped into the dreich streets of Glasgow , and drives round in a white van picking up eager young men .
By estranging us from supposed normality , Glazer forces us to identify with otherness : Johansson 's mystery woman is a predator , but also potentially a victim .
The oddest and most frustrating film I 've seen all year .
`` Under the Skin '' is perfectly fine . I 'm just not sure I 'll ever see it again unless I have to .
Offering a compelling , alien 's - eye view of our murky human world , Under The Skin is dark , edgy , mysterious and very strange , with the most distinctive score since There Will Be Blood chipping away at our nerves .
The lack of clarity is part of the film 's appeal . Under the Skin stubbornly refuses to explain itself , letting Johansson 's voluptuous body do the talking .
Under the Skin is a hollow film with a fascinating premise that could have been so much more .
Stunning to behold , often impossible-seeming , hypnotic and profoundly affecting , Under the Skin achieves what some sci-fi films could only ever dream of : actually taking us to another universe entirely .
Under the Skin is moody and strange and mysterious , but ultimately , it 's about the human race , about what a dispassionate observer might think of us , if she were seeing us for the first time .
Glazer has worked an extended thread of extremely earthbound vérité footage into a film that tells the most outré intergalactic story .
Glazer 's Sexy Beast and Birth were idiosyncratic but Under The Skin trumps them triumphantly , being compelling , weird , intensely disturbing and ultimately bizarrely moving . Many of its images are shockingly vivid for me two weeks after having seen it .
Being forced to engage with the material just to try and make sense of what we 're seeing is part of what makes this so compelling .
Johansson is brave and memorable and , though you may at times wonder what on earth 's going on , Under the Skin may just get under your skin .
A fantastic mind-game of a movie with an uneering sense of how to keep viewers off-balance , Under the Skin is an intriguing , subtle , sci-fi head-scratcher designed to have you guessing - in the best possible way - about just what the heck is going on .
A cold , disturbing , impenetrable piece of filmmaking , it 's a movie that will understandably alienate mainstream audiences , even as it carves a place for itself as a modern-day cult classic .
A nonsensical and impenetrable scenario that intrigues as a sensory experience with an alien seductress as our guide but frustrates in the final analysis .
I found it really interesting , really beautiful . I 'm giving it three stars because I did n't understand it .
As a sensory experience , Under the Skin often astounds .
Instigante ao criar imagens evocativas , sugerir subtextos complexos , investir em metáforas e alegorias .
Writer/director Jonathan Glazer 's art-house sci-fi allegory Under the Skin slips up on the viewer so surreptitiously that the pull of its final 30 minutes comes as a bit of a shock .
`` Under the Skin '' is so baffling and riveting that when a reel was skipped the first time I saw it I never batted an eye .
There are images in this film unlike any I 've seen before .
... one of the most aggressively arty -LRB- and often downright inaccessible -RRB- films to come around in ages ...
If you 're looking for a solid , mainstream movie that 's easily understood and appreciated ... you 'd better stop reading right now .
All this is initially fascinating , and then progressively less so .
You can feel the cold . That 's the simplest way to explain Jonathan Glazer 's success with Under the Skin .
Skin always is moving , but slowly , thoughtfully , positioning both Glazer 's camera and the alien as observers .
A film about perception , about how our eyes interpret images of light for our brains , and how we apply meaning to them , be they horrifying , or beautiful , or both .
The result is a freshly minted cult masterpiece , mixing the wonder -LRB- and , yes , the occasional slowness -RRB- of 2001 : A Space Odyssey with the terror of Alien .
A Thinking Person 's Horror Film .
Most of Under the Skin operates on an almost subconscious level . The truth is out there in Glazer 's screenplay , which he co-wrote with Walter Campbell , but it 's intuitive rather than didactic .
This is the most confident and bold kind of filmmaking .
Predatory brainy fantasy film .
Aptly named , it feels otherworldly . It explores the the difference between simply being sentient and actually becoming sympathetic . As a moviegoing experience , it is thrillingly alive , hearkening back to the heyday of '70s art cinema .
Aims to be mysterious but merely comes off as monotonous ... the sort of film that should have the word ` cult ' stamped onto the canisters containing the reels .
Under the Skin does n't just affirm the movies ' ability to draw us out of our worldview : it raises the bar . I ca n't wait to watch it five or six more times , at least .
Glazer struggles to add plot to his formula within the confines of his languid , almost underwater pacing , and some scenes fall flat as a result .
... I feel something like a man who has had a close encounter with something beautiful , dangerous and beyond my comprehension . It 's the sort of movie on which cult reputations are made .
Early in the film , the woman plucks an ant from a body , and the moviegoer at times may feel as uncomprehending as that insect , while the Johansson character might as well be an alien entomologist , observing the strange hive culture of humanity .
A uniquely surreal and understated film ... Unnverving , unforgettable .
Avoids the adrenalin-junkie tactics of most sci-fi ... -LSB- but it -RSB- could have taken us to more interesting places . Glazer 's too preoccupied with his bait-and-devour scenario .
Subtly strange and surreal , appealing to avant-garde art-house audiences searching for something different .
A claustrophobically seamless and unnerving drama of self-awakening .
It 's a cold bath of sight and sound , shrouded in a dense fog -LRB- literally/metaphorically -RRB- .
`` Yes , it 's the ` Scarlett Johansson naked alien movie , ' although its much deeper and smarter than that formulation makes it sound
One of the most polarizing movies in recent years .
For cinephiles that enjoy artistic debate more than concrete answers , Under the Skin provides an intriguing platform for discussion and reflection .
Serious , intriguing , but lacking a human core
A fascinating mystery that works emotionally and visually
Scarlett Johansson goes spare and bare .
This is a movie about alienation that drives home its point with real aliens .
A direct descendant of Nicolas Roeg 's classic `` The Man Who Fell to Earth , '' `` Under the Skin '' is the kind of movie people will be talking about , and dissecting and puzzling over , for years .
Visually stunning but virtually indecipherable ...
Under the Skin definitely gets under your skin .
A deeply atmospheric and thrillingly unconventional movie , one that is unlike any I can recall .
A cinematic happening near-guaranteed to get under your skin and into your head for far longer than is comfortable .
Johansson cuts a fascinatingly distant figure .
The story is at once simple and impenetrable . Visually it is arresting , when it is n't murky , and the droning , atonal soundtrack is as perfect for the film as it is annoying .
This arty sci-fi thriller , adapted from a 2000 novel by Michael Faber , raises far more questions than it answers , yet that enigmatic quality is central to its appeal .
You 'll be captivated or irritated , depending on your need for a clear , linear narrative .
... longs for a world where what we look like - whether we 're beautiful or ugly - no longer dominates who we are .
It 's a film that forces us to consider what the complicated surfaces of humanity really cover up . The answer is both beautiful and awful to behold .
Scarlett Johansson mesmerizes as an alien who becomes intrigued by her prey-us .
Both a naturalistic work of science fiction and a feminist masterpiece , this uncompromising and often brilliant work of cinema is occasionally hard to figure out but impossible to ignore .
I loved it . Dazzling , erotic and electrifying . Johansson is fantastic and the mood and music thrilling .
It does a very good job of what it sets out to do . The question is whether or not I really care about what it does . Therein lies the problem . I do n't think I really do .
A formalist masterwork : moody , meditative and mystifying .
For all its qualities , Under the Skin ultimately frustrates .
`` Under the Skin '' clearly does not intend to telegraph its meaning , but meaning may not be the movie 's strong suit .
An unnerving , disturbing , utterly disorienting encounter with something wholly other .
As avant garde in execution as any narrative film I can think of .
... as incomprehensible as ` Last Year at Marienbad ' but not nearly as good .
This haunting , provocative film is the essence of what it means to call a work of art `` adult , `` because of the way it presents and engages with the material .
`` Mr. Glazer is attempting something powerful and unusual in cinema , a visually-aurally told story . ''
It 's a slow burn with very little happening throughout . However , there 's a lot going on under the skin , if you will .
Those that are able to slip under its spell will enjoy one of the most striking theatrical experiences this year .
Sexy beast , indeed . Johansson lures men to gruesome death in moody art film , sci-fi/horror hybrid . Entrancing .
Glazer adopts a muddied , overly subdued tone , both visually and narratively , which drains `` Under the Skin '' of nearly all life .
The protagonist 's process repeats itself over and over again , and each time ... we 're simultaneously certain of and baffled by the whole thing .
Glazer 's unwillingness to spell out everything about this strange and mesmerizing film ; is part of what makes it so compelling and at times infuriating .
A discordant , off-putting , psychosexual science fiction piece that features a daring turn from Scarlett Johansson , but one that will leave many audience members scratching their heads .
Once `` Under the Skin '' reaches its surprisingly affecting conclusion , it feels less like a cinematic novel than a well-executed short story .
At the risk of classifying a work so thrillingly unclassifiable in its unrivaled vision , `` Under the Skin '' is an instantaneously quintessential 21st-century masterpiece in science-fiction and horror .
`` Under the Skin '' begins to take on the feel of tragedy ; of a creature trapped , like that baby , somewhere it can not survive .
The movie 's a cinematic Rubik 's Cube that snaps together surprisingly easily , yet whose larger meanings remain tantalizingly out of reach .
The haunting other worldliness of `` Under the Skin '' gets , well , under your skin .
`` Under the Skin '' is original to the highest degree . Is it a great film ? I 'm not convinced . Are there moments of greatness in it ? Quite a few .
This becomes quite dull , even sleep-inducing , especially considering the movie 's overall cast of slow-moving gloom .
Whatever you think the movie means , its most important element is clearly Johansson 's performance , which is simultaneously bold and subtle .
Plunges sci-fi into narrative limbo and visual liquidity .
It 's not a film for everyone , but Under the Skin has a unique aura about it that 's fascinating , even if the final cut seems engineered to be a merciless test of patience .
Scarlett Johansson is an alien serial killer who sexes men to death in a misogynist fanboy wet dream that also fails to satisfy as science fiction .
It stayed true to itself , and while `` Under the Skin '' is n't for everyone , it 's nevertheless an artistic achievement that is worth exploring below the surface .
It may turn some viewers off , but `` Under the Skin '' is a worthwhile new take on the classic horror premise of body-snatching .
It 's as existential as a sci-fi/horror film can possibly be . It requires that the viewer slip into a meditative mood and remain there for more than 90 minutes .
Pondering the questions , reveling in the mysteries - that 's what matters . And I have n't even said the words naked Scarlett Johansson yet .
Under the Skin , even through its more uneventful segments , is still a ripping and compelling intellectual provocation .
I was willing to watch more to discover what was underneath the surface . Once I found out , I was frozen in place , and then Scarlett Johansson and Jonathan Glazer had their way with me .
Visually sumptuous but inconsistently intriguing , Glazer 's science-fiction film skillfully boils down genre tropes to their visceral essence , but simultaneously reduces an emotionally resonant narrative to an obtuse series of vignettes .
If you 've seen an experimental film or three ... then there 's nothing here that 's going to drive you to reconsider what cinema can be . But Under the Skin still feels the work of a radical .
It 's bleak and difficult to watch at times - certainly not traditional escapist fare - yet also intellectually challenging and visually stimulating for those with patience .
At times the film is right on the border between mesmerizing and narcotizing , but it casts an otherworldly spell .
Johansson has to be at once achingly specific and so general that you can hang all manner of symbols on her . Somehow she pulls it off .
A beautiful and often hypnotic film .
This visionary science fiction film is haunting and the best new release I 've seen so far in 2014 .
Glazer 's made an icy thriller of ontological and existential proportions . What does it mean to be human , to be alive ? In Johansson he has a star who does n't fear being a repository of those questions .
a marriage of craft and content that is intensely affecting
Watching this film feels like a genesis moment - of sci-fi fable , of filmmaking , of performance - with all the ambiguity and excitement that implies .
One of the many startling things about `` Under the Skin '' is how complicated and distressing a story can be told with almost no dialogue and absolutely no explanation or back story .
The movie 's eerie , climactic image challenges our conventional notions of human identity and leaves us reflecting on the possibility that every being in the universe is an alien in disguise .
So unfathomable that it feels like a dully haunting nightmare whose details retreat and fade almost immediately upon waking .
` Under the Skin ' sometimes feels like it should be more elusive , but the moment you try and lock it down it slips away from you , going off into weirder territory .
Jonathan Glazer 's `` Under the Skin '' holds you in a state of suspense tinged with dread from the very first image on the screen .
Beautifully eerie , yet disappointingly dull ...
It 's a rare feat for a film to successfully convey the voice of the Other . Especially when that voice is an Other to everyone else here on Earth .
A siren from another planet appears in Glasgow , Scotland on a special mission that challenges her sexual allure and desires .
The lack of context - who she is , why she 's here - has the thrillingly uncomfortable effect of making us just as attuned to the strangeness of everyday minutiae as she is .
Johansson is phenomenal in every sense of the word . She joins Glazer in creating a brave experiment in cinema that richly rewards the demands it makes . The result is an amazement , a film of beauty and shocking gravity .
Glazer 's meticulously reality-cracking mannerisms and Johansson 's glassy watchfulness make for shivering visuals but nearly muffle the film completely . But those concluding stretches ... help this elegant mystery of existence regain a dark purpose .
Under the Skin falls in love with its bleak monotony . It is a melodrama with all the thrills surgically excised .
Under The Skin lets its nightmarish imagery do the talking , forgoing explanation in favor of total sensory immersion .
Dream girl Scarlett Johansson digs for oil and hits a dry hole in Under the Skin .
A rather shapeless film where what 's happening onscreen is often less interesting than trying to figure out whether the participants recognize they 're sharing the cab of a truck with a world-famous actress .
Johansson provides an extraordinary window into an alien being ; through her eyes , we see and hear the world as someone not from here would . Her performance is the payoff that makes Glazer 's enigmatic storytelling choices so effective .
Wholly original and awe inspiring . `` Under the Skin '' is a visually stunning comment on our obsession with a celebrity 's body .
There are dozens of mysteries in Under the Skin that do n't cohere in any logical way but work like gangbusters on the imaginative subconscious .
When you wake up from this odd dream , you may wonder what the point was . It 's probably there , but it 's lost in that dark fog .
Smart , cryptic sci-fi with lots of skin -- and the least sexy ScarJo nudity ever .
A quiet , moody sci-fi tale . . has an experimental feel and gives up few of its secrets without a struggle .
This is a movie that at its most sensitive is about loneliness , and at its bleakest and most searching is a look at the mechanics of sexual predation .
-LSB- VIDEO ESSAY -RSB- Scarlett Johansson makes for one attractive hot-and-cold alien ice queen , but seduction and murder is all she has on her mind .
Glazer is nothing if not ambitious ; the rough edge of naturalism , on the streets , slices into the more controlled and stylized look of science fiction , and the result seems both to drift and to gather to a point of almost painful intensity .
Throughout , what truly matters to director Jonathan Glazer is articulating through visual and aural enticement the unconscious power of our death drive .
From the disorienting opening frames , music video director Glazer 's first feature film in a decade is clearly more akin to the provocative Birth than his 2000 paeon to kinetic violence , Sexy Beast .
Even in a black wig and ratty fake-fur coat , Scarlett Johansson 's otherworldly allure is intact , confirming any suspicions you may have that Hollywood stars belong to another species .
Under the Skin gets under the skin . It is an experience that has as much to do with hypnosis as with cinema .
A striking attempt to tell an exotic story in a down-to-earth environment that deserves praise for its singularity of vision , even as it runs the risk of ridicule .
A masterclass in technique .
It 's perhaps best to consider Glazer 's film to be an avant garde midnight movie , using familiar genre conventions to explore conceptual philosophical ideas .
Scarlett Johansson is disturbingly good at playing an alien in human form , without any special effects .
What is captivating about this film is the convincing way it presents our own familiar , prosaic world .
Scarlett Johansson goes off the radar in this low-budget Scottish thriller , which is far more offbeat than anything she 's ever done before .
A rare example of filmmaking with unwavering vision , and one that will burrow its way under your skin for quite some time .
So rigorous and singular is Glazer 's technique that it is hard to believe the film will not register with future audiences as a classic of its era .
Although Under the Skin screams allegory , it 's hard to see for what .
For all its clinical detachment , Glazer 's film becomes its own oblique treatise on what it means to be and feel human .
You could find its entrancements stalking you for good , in every meaning of that phrase .
It sure as hell got under mine .
It did n't get under my skin , just on my nerves .
Few films will linger with you like this one does .
Jonathan Glazer 's loose adaptation of Michel Faber 's novel tightens its hellish grip thanks in no small measure to Mica Levi 's shuddering electronic score ...
Extraordinary sci-fi thriller , at once haunting , hypnotic and deeply disturbing , thanks to stunning cinematography , a chilling soundtrack and an instantly iconic performance from Scarlett Johansson that is nothing less than astonishing .
An utterly beguiling retracing of the word glamour back to its witchy origins .
With his first film in close to a decade , Glazer has created a captivating nightmare , a heady , haunting experience that demands multiple viewings .
Under The Skin finds grace even in moments of raw horror , composed by a filmmaker who can legitimately call himself a master of the art .
In refusing to spoon-feed the audience information , Glazer 's film instead burrows into the brain , the ambiguous nature of proceedings making it all-the-more beguiling . The result is a film that 's hard to shake after the credits have rolled .
Eventually I was too bored to care .
Odd and sexy , troubling and touching , frustrating and mesmerising , dull and haunting .
You may not be sure what you 've seen , but you 've sure seen something .
If you let it , Under the Skin will stay under yours for years to come .
What begins as an eerie psychosexual horror movie slowly shifts to a haunting study of loneliness and female subjugation .
A genuinely unique , full-on sensory experience that treads its own path between narrative clarity and pure visual expression . It is a film that will leave audiences dazed , disturbed and full of questions about what they have experienced .
Depicts a warped path of self-understanding in which people -LRB- especially women -RRB- realize sex has been externalized into something that can be wielded .
Disorientating , disturbing , weirdly funny in places , and confounding in others , it 's a true original .
The most striking passages deliver a heartily Kubrickian dose of science-fiction erotica but the movie 's menacing allure evaporates midway through , followed by the last vestiges of a comprehensible plotline .
The film undeniably deconstructs female sexuality in relation to masculine power , and the baffling nature of that relationship , which is unraveled via the perspective of an alien .
This is hardly the first film to observe an alien encountering strange customs , but it may be the first that seems conceived from that perspective formally as well as dramatically .
Under The Skin is an exercise in identifying with the unknowable , and its ultimate conclusion is that while some acclimation is attainable , it 's never a clean fit .
Glazer certainly has managed to make one of the most outlandish portraits of alienation in recent memory . `` Under the Skin , '' no matter its faults , certainly will get under yours .
Frustrating but occasionally brilliant . Some arresting visuals .
Viewers willing to embrace a purely visual experience without dramatic , emotional or psychological substance will comprise an ardent cheering section , but the film provides too little for even relatively adventurous specialized audiences to latch onto ...
... a creepy little sci-fi thinker that burrows itself underneath your skin and tests the way you perceive sexuality .
Under the Skin may be a challenge to make sense of and connect with , but thanks to many gorgeous and haunting sequences , it proves equally difficult to forget .
We do n't get totally in her head , but it is still rewarding to stay in your own and watch .
An undeniably ambitious but ultimately torpid and silly tale of an alien on the prowl .
There are echoes of the end of 2001 : A Space Odyssey in this and in the observational alien tale The Man Who Fell To Earth . The comparisons do Glazer no favours .
It 's hard to instantly come down on either side of the fence for this film . It 's so defiantly clinical and furtive that , even though it 's clearly a work of great substance and mystery , it lacks a basic sense of tenderness .
Glazer may be the visionary behind `` Under the Skin '' cinematic highs , but it must be noted that this film lives and dies on Johansson 's incredible turn .
There is latent , pregnant energy in this picture , a thrum of dread that underlays every frame .
This is a brave and fascinating film that is at once surreal yet depicts a world we know all too well .
A sometimes hypnotically beautiful , sometimes monotonous sci-fi experiment .
An intoxicating marvel , strange and sublime .
This is a mysterious , eerie , experience , whose resistance to easy interpretation -LRB- and freewheeling approach to source material -RRB- has something of Tarkovsky about it .
It works with very little in the way of a screenplay and even less obvious explanation - but with a sense of mystery and wonder that a good film-maker can manufacture through style and atmosphere .
A story that plays as a kind of malarial dream , bathed in cold sweat and seeing hallucinations in every corner .
Amid its scorching , fractured images , one certainty is brought into crisp focus . This is , very simply and straightforwardly , a masterpiece .
What we used to call a ` visionary achievement ' -- mesmerizing nightmare fuel in the vein of vintage Cronenberg , with the same sleek , disorienting gloss that Glazer put on his extraordinary ` Birth . '
Picture a sister film to `` The Man Who Fell to Earth . '' Glazer shares Nicolas Roeg 's taste in elliptical storytelling and interplanetary tragedy , arriving at something you could almost call horror with a heart .
A deliberately oblique work that prizes textures above answers .

@highlight

Its message may prove elusive for some , but with absorbing imagery and a mesmerizing performance from Scarlett Johansson , Under the Skin is a haunting viewing experience .