An adorable cast can not save this gimmicky , romantically lacking rom-com .
` Playing it Cool ' is disappointing not because it 's unlike any other romantic comedy , but because it tries not to be one and fails spectacularly . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
I have uncontrollable hatred for this movie . I hate it with the fire of a thousand suns . It 's the dumbest movie I 've seen in recent memory .
Worst of all , though , is its wholesale waste of an insanely talented cast - and not just Evans and Monaghan ... I enjoy every last one of them , but not like this . Dear god , not like this .
Far from playing it cool , the filmmakers are trying way too hard to look cool , and so they achieve the opposite .
The result is catastrophic . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
A Rom-Com that tries to hide the lack of originality in the genre by using innovative storytelling . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
Good chemistry between the leads but nothing else .
` Playing It Cool ' gave me a bad case of the rom-com blues . I was expecting ' 500 Days of Summer ' and got ` Fool 's Gold ' instead .
Despite a few amusing diversions , the film consists of endless relationship discussions without any meaningful insight to show for it .
Tookie director Justin Reardon strains to make -LSB- Playing it Cool -RSB- the very kind of anti-rom com Me might actually enjoy , but we 've seen it all before .
Only the really strong cast , including great chemistry between the leads , keeps `` Playing It Cool '' from totally derailing .
Screenwriters Chris Shafer and Paul Vicknair 's script feels like a first draft that was written in one night as they got pumped up on Red Bull and speed-watched Netflix .
You know you 're in trouble when almost every character is given a name except the two leads .
Proceeding with a strained quirkiness that infects much more than the names of its main characters , this first feature by Justin Reardon is a paean to the kind of narcissism that sucks the air out of every scene .
It 's not a great movie , but there are enough laughs and clever ideas to make it a passably entertaining comedy .
If `` Playing It Cool '' is meant to be an ironic interpretation of what happens to these characters , the film is n't sharp , smart or insightful enough about how actual humans interact to pull it off .
As characters endlessly digress on the differences between rom-coms and real life , the film evinces a schizophrenic relationship with its own inside-baseball cynicism .
There 's nothing clever or subversive about Playing It Cool , which makes the film 's overt self-satisfaction exponentially more infuriating .
It 's dreary , unfunny work , but as a catalyst for future career reinvention , Evans could n't have made a better professional choice .
A broad romantic comedy that submits the genre to such a rigorous self-examination it nearly tips over into parody - which would have been a good thing .
Evans has long lamented that his fans only seek out his Marvel work while his indie projects are largely ignored . Playing It Cool is n't likely to change that , unfortunately .
Proving that its chosen genre is best when its tropes are treated with a balance of sincere sweetness and wink-wink absurdity , Playing It Cool thrives through sheer liveliness , as well as the chemistry of its perfectly paired stars ...
Note to screenwriters : if you 've got a clichéd running-through-the-airport climax , having a character point out how clichéd it is does n't make it any less so . It just makes you seem smug .
Movies do n't get much more meta than this : a film about a screenwriter worried about writing a rom-com script because he 's never been in love ...
Playing It Cool is perfectly adequate date-night fare , but it would have benefited from stretching its legs and seeing more of the world .
Playing it Cool has appeal . But it is just not good enough to unsettle the rom-com genre and get people really talking , laughing and loving .
Relying too much on fantasy sequences and obvious from the first scenes in intent and conclusion , it 's puzzling why Evans misses so badly .

@highlight

Playing It Cool pits Chris Evans and Michelle Monaghan 's easy chemistry against a screenplay that tries too hard to be quirky and clever , and the results are disappointingly lukewarm .