In spite of narrative missteps that negate the possibility of an empathetic protagonist , `` In My Country '' does viably introduce the African principle of `` Ubuntu '' whereby evil transgressions are absolved rather than revenged .
A familiar , superficial lesson .
Points for trying and all , but this particular chapter of South Africa 's history deserves a movie a bit more sincere -- and a lot less corny .
It shows what can go wrong when a good-intentioned filmmaker mixes historical tragedy with Hollywood banality .
Intelligent piece that does its job as entertainment . More importantly , it should advance public knowledge about the apartheid government 's human rights violations .
Watching -LSB- apartheid victims ' -RSB- testimony become background noise for Jackson and Binoche 's tawdry melodrama is aggravating .
Its star , Juliette Binoche , may be a fine actress , but she 's also very French . And no matter how hard she tries to perfect the tricky Afrikaans accent , she 's simply not believable playing a South African poet .
I do not question the filmmaker 's sincerity , but he has made a flat , uninvolving movie . The road to boredom is paved with good intentions , after all .
... the foxhole relationship that develops between Anna and Langston is completely natural -- up until the point where they fall into bed together .
The gripping material is given short thrift in favor of routine melodrama and a love story that has nearly nothing to do with what should be the crux of the story .
There is great material here and ample food for thought , but the presentation is lacking .
Ostensibly about the aftermath of apartheid , but the pain of a people serves only as a backdrop for the most contrived of love stories .
You feel insulted you 're expected to care about the petty problems of the leads when other characters are dealing with child murder , political torture and genocide .
-LSB- E -RSB- xhaustingly heartbreaking ... An unforgettable film about justice ...
We want to know more about the stories of real-life South Africans , but the Oscar nominees keep standing right in front of them .
Is it a docudrama about South Africa 's post-apartheid Truth and Reconciliation Commission hearings ? Or is it love story ? The problem with In My Country is that it tries to be both .
Black , white and clunky .
Need -LSB- s -RSB- to be seen , as essential history and as demonstration of a form of social reckoning where compassion triumphs over passion , and the olive branch over the gun .
Failing to get beyond trite Hollywood romantic conventions , sermonizing caricatures and ` I was just following orders ' explanations does a great disservice to history .
A really bad movie about a really important subject is twice the artistic crime -- because , however well-intentioned , it trivializes human suffering while squandering a teaching opportunity .
Worth seeing for many reasons , including for the obvious educational aspects .
... a dull and surprisingly silly little drama ...
An atmosphere of stilted self-importance chokes just about every scene .
Important for what it teaches about revenge , justice and forgiveness . But you 'll have to ignore the goofiness .
An academic dis-cussion punctuated by shots of magnificent countryside harboring unspeakable grief .
A series of brief , appallingly simplistic vignettes that , rather than conveying the depth and complexity of South Africa 's history and culture , distill it to the point of distortion .
Watching it is like drinking a glass of Alka-Seltzer before the tablet is dissolved . Afterward , you 're glad you drank it -- it was n't that hard to swallow -- but you would 've preferred a nice chardonnay .
There is something not quite right about the film itself .
Unquestionably sincere , but it does n't do the subject justice in either the African or the western sense of the phrase .
Captivating while it lasts , and exceeds the majority of the year 's lackluster cinematic offerings in terms both of ambition and execution .
What do you say about a dramatically woeful movie whose heart and politics are in the right place ? Well , you sigh as you turn your thumb downward .
As an instrument for peace , let 's applaud Boorman 's effort . As a film that works on all levels ? Let 's not .
A stirring , large-souled movie about an event that was both an exposure of horror and a celebration of forgiveness .
High-minded and tin-eared , it finds one of our greatest blood-poets staggering around `` forgiveness , '' unable to suss out a visual vocabulary for this strange , new language .
Stories of Apartheid deserve to be heard , but that does n't automatically make this a good film
It 's always a bit sad when a good director takes aim at an important target and misses .
Jackson appears uncomfortable in his role , the scenes leading up to his romantic involvement are strangely unconvincing and the arc of both characters ' emotional and political growth is choppy and contrived .
-LSB- Seems -RSB- less interested in South Africa and more interested in whether the journalists ... will suffer nervous breakdowns or run into the desert for a torrid love affair .
... -LSB- a -RSB- well-meaning but uneven and sanctimonious melodrama ... the film can not withstand its manipulative and melancholy lapses
The film , an international co-production about the aftermath of South African apartheid , has won peace awards and comes with a thumbs up from Nelson Mandela himself , none of which make its contrivances easier to swallow .
While applauding Boorman 's efforts , it 's hard to applaud his movie .
Ugly secrets unfold in staccato succession with the intent to incite but inspiring only groans .
Very nearly destroying the picture is an affair between Jackson and Binoche 's characters . Any scene of intimacy evoked titters from the audience .
Noble intentions , some fantastic photography some good performances but I have to give it thumbs down because of all the melodrama .
Diminished by a contrived , uninvolving love story what could have been emotionally compelling instead is plodding , with a feel good Hollywood ending that degrades the premise
In My Country is a film with great ideas - and important ones . Frustratingly , they are undermined by Hollywood plot contrivances , generally poor writing and at least one case of woeful miscasting .
See In My Country anyway , because it 's doubtful we 'll get another movie too soon that raises the issue of vengeance versus forgiveness -- and endorses the latter in the name of a nation 's spiritual well-being .
The picture hums with a falsely optimistic Kumbaya vibe , such that its mildness is almost an affront .
The actors can handle the heavy lifting , but this does n't give you much more than a well-done cable documentary .
A disaster : well-meaning , but hopelessly trite , obvious , and condescending toward the very process it intends to celebrate .
Has enough raw , real content to successfully upset viewers .
The film is thoughtful entertainment , not medicine .
It 's essential viewing for anyone interested in the state of post-Apartheid South Africa .
Boorman 's politics and own truth-telling aims are admirable , as they were in his underrated 1995 film , Beyond Rangoon .
Earnest but soggy melodrama that preaches to the converted .
Rancid politically and artistically
Well-meaning but utterly -- and surprisingly -- pedestrian ...
Make love , not war .
A wasted opportunity to tell in filmic terms two important histories : the crimes of apartheid and the love with which they were answered .
Because Ann Peacock 's pedestrian script could n't make any movie come to life , our interest in these two characters is nil .
Unfortunately more didactic than dramatic , and although surprises emerge right up to the end , there 's precious little suspense , mystery or uncertainty .
The script ... intelligently explores ... the profound need to make sense out of madness and to find emotional peace in its aftermath ... Sustains a deep and moving involvement .
Peace , love , and understanding , apparently , are best served with a side order of .45-caliber satisfaction .
John Boorman 's high-minded but hopelessly wooden film makes the fatal mistake of turning characters into mouthpieces .
Stagy , declamatory and vulgarized by a need to hype inherently dramatic material , In My Country is , like so many movies about the Third World made for Western audiences .
Boorman treats this moving , important subject with restraint , tact , and candid views of horrors suffered by the nation .
There is no historical moment so epochal that it can not be reduced to schlock entertainment in the right hands .
Lets no cliché go unspoken in one of the worst scripts of the year .
In My Country accomplishes its goal -- but does so largely through obvious plot devices .
A convoluted plot that takes away from the film 's important central message
the kind of well-intentioned , but wholly unsuccessful , misfire that makes one desperately pine for a thorough documentary on its real-life subject
Just when you thought Hotel Rwanda had rendered obsolete the sort of neocolonial uplift that investigates black trauma through a white person 's eyes , along comes In My Country .
Boorman 's bathetic tourism is unconscionable for a subject of this magnitude .
The combo of cultural cringe and a schematic , didactic screenplay strangles the human emotion .
Offers a rounded and revealing story of the radical experiment in restorative justice in South Africa following the downfall of apartheid .
A sludgy quagmire of sanctimonious moralizing and overbearing melodrama .
Patly rounded out with a Hollywood love-and-renunciation conclusion .
An effective dramatization of the Truth and Reconciliation hearings in South Africa in 1996 .
A direção de Boorman e o roteiro deixam muito a desejar , muitas vezes apostando num maniqueísmo desnecessário . Porém , o filme tem coração e alma - e isto faz a diferença .
The charisma and hard work by his two leads allows Boorman to succeed beyond all expectations .


@highlight

A well-intentioned but melodramatic look at post-Apartheid South Africa .