What Unlocked has is a lot of fast-paced action . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Below par on every front , even for a potboiler , it merrily chugs along from one cliché to the next , piling unbelievable scenes on top of each other .
In the end , Unlocked does n't live up to its name , as it does n't unlock anything special or compelling in the plot worth keeping your attention .
Overall , it really is amazing to watch a film where the men are placed in secondary roles and the women in the film are the ones saving the day . Rapace really gives a stellar performance and I 'm looking forward to seeing what she does next .
Unlocked feels like a thriller that has spent its entire budget and used up all its creativity by the end of about the 25th minute . Which is something of a disaster as there are still 73 to go .
-LSB- Unlocked -RSB- is staid and formulaic , though well-executed .
... the execution fails to utilise its blessings and deliver the necessary tension , which is most expected from a star-studded London-based spy thriller such as this .
Great lead . Great premise . Utterly stupid .
... jettisons any gritty real-world grounding in favor of preposterous ticking-clock thriller clichés , stereotypical characters , wild conspiracy theories , and standard-issue action sequences .
It would be a welcome treat to watch the Alice Racine chronicles , as she travels around Europe taking out terrorist cells with her combination of interrogation and combat skills .
Unlocked is a weak film and one in a genre -LRB- or sub-genre -RRB- that is rapidly filling up with weak films .
This movie is nothing more than simplistic agitprop ... the motive for why the villain does what s/he does is one of the most idiotic in the history of intelligent thought .
When it mercifully ends after 98 excruciating minutes , you still do n't have a clue what it was all about .
... while far from the sharpest cerebral spy thriller I 've ever seen , it 's safe to say still I enjoyed watching things play themselves out to conclusion , this journey behind the espionage looking glass one I 'm glad I took .
Noomi Rapace 's CIA agent character is clearly being positioned as a distaff Jason Bourne . The movie demonstrates that 's easier said than done .
Competent , but not especially inspired .
Remarkable only because it casts a woman in a traditionally male role , this stagnant thriller is dull and convoluted , alternating between numbing exposition and stale , creaky action scenes .
Neither good enough to justify the talents on display nor bad enough to at least make it perversely memorable .
Putting a woman at the center of the action might 've sounded bold three years ago , but now it 's a little late-Atomic Blonde kicks this movie 's butt all over the lot .
Unlocked is competent throughout and pretty good until all of the pieces fall into place . At that point , the movie reveals itself to be a routine spy thriller ...
A straight-ahead political thriller that fails to ratchet up the requisite tension despite its timely subject matter and -LRB- largely -RRB- effective cast .
Faced with tough competition on screens big and little , but does n't pursue anything novel or ferocious enough to make a deep impression .
I suppose this went down easily enough for me because I grew up with this kind of stuff , and can surrender to it as a kind of cinematic comfort food . But still .
The movie becomes a relentless series of fake-outs and reversals , as if half a season of 24 had been compressed into under two hours .
Unlocked feels like a 1970s-style conspiracy thriller , which makes it a perfect fit for the 76-year-old Apted , whose wonderfully varied career includes the James Bond flick , The World Is Not Enough .
Unlocked has got all the cliches you need and want .
A routine BOURNE IDENTITY clone despite the starry cast .
With its dull mixture of indifferently staged exposition and action , it suggests a primitive side-scrolling video game .
With an action-fuelled trailer and an all-star cast , Unlocked showed a lot of early promise . However , the reality of the situation is quite the contrary .
The topical Europe-hopping plot includes a reasonable amount of action . But the film is unevenly paced , predictably plotted and the moments of broad humour dilute the under-powered tension .
John Malkovich enjoys hamming it up as her exasperated boss . Everybody else is taking this silly pot-boiler far too seriously .
Islamic State , MI5 , a deadly virus and a neck-tattooed Orlando Bloom : screenwriter Peter O'Brien throws everything at the wall in this derivative thriller . Nothing sticks .
Release schedule filler .
By injecting a steady sense of fun , this slick but mindless action thriller both holds the attention and keeps the audience entertained , even when things get very silly indeed .
Michael Apted 's efficient but unstylish film has only a prestigious cast of supporting slummers - Michael Douglas , Toni Collette , John Malkovich - to distinguish it from a `` Spooks '' - style TV outing .
Unlocked rattles along pacily enough , but at the advanced age of 76 the director ought to know by now that when you ca n't trust anyone in a film , you stop trusting the film itself .
There 's stuff in this spy thriller that 's fresh , and lots that 's familiar , but Noomi Rapace using her brains and brawn to fight bad guys is a genuine thrill .
It does n't break much in the way of new ground , but that is n't exactly the point - it rattles along and Apted tackles it with gusto .
The threat of a biological attack on London by Islamic terrorists has been transformed into a supremely duff movie by the combined talents of Noomi Rapace , Orlando Bloom and director Michael Apted .
Luckily for the producers they had John Malkovich up their sleeve who dials up the scenery-chewing dampness to a film-saving level .
-LSB- A -RSB- supremely silly British espionage yarn .
There 's nothing much to shout about in a pedestrian yarn that resembles a slightly above average episode of small-screen fare like Spooks .
Rapace cuts the mustard but the rest of the film is forgettable .
Apted ... brings nothing fresh to the formula besides the minor innovation of dropping an action heroine into a male-dominated field .
Spies , terrorists , remote-controlled bombs ... Unlocked 's components are all too familiar , and it does n't put nearly enough effort into making them feel fresh .
The film 's attempt to combine mainstream action and timely social realism results in the kind of sticky mess that should have been easily avoided .
It is , as usual , kinder not to mention the involvement of Orlando Bloom .
There is a good film to be made about the current socio-political climate , this just is n't it .
Fizzling at the first , and limping to the last , this misfire is obsessed with `` assets '' , yet squanders its own .
Unlocked rattles along at a very brisk pace and is full of action set-pieces .
Orlando Bloom plays a tattooed , man-bun sporting Cockney burglar . John Malkovich chews so much scenery you fear for the upholstery . At times , this is so bad it 's good .
A serviceable thriller , until Orlando Bloom shows up as a mysterious ex-military bruiser with a Cockney accent and things go sideways , fast .
Preposterous , nonsensical , but fun nonetheless , Unbroken frustrates as much as it entertains .

@highlight

Unlocked strands an all-star cast in a spy thriller whose embrace of old-school formula might be refreshing if it were n't bogged down in genre clichés and a predictable plot .