With harrowing realism , The Company Men captures the raw , personal impact of the economic meltdown .
It 's tough to feel torn up about Ben Affleck having to sell his Porsche when most of us are hustling to make rent at the end of every month .
The Company Men , aka `` The Supposed Problems of Unsympathetic Rich People '' or `` Good Actors Stuck in a Mediocre Movie , '' tries to be timely , but it 's as out of touch as Pat Buchanan .
Amazing acting backed up by an authentic and emotionally engaging story makes The Company Men one of the best films of the year .
Despite some of its one-dimensional characters , this drama captures the sacrifices that people make during periods of unemployment .
A bit heavy on the cliches , but this sermon will connect with anyone for whom `` the new reality '' of today 's economy hits close to home
It may not be the `` feel good movie of the year , '' but it is a fascinating look at a very prominent and ongoing situation .
There are some witty observations , but these , along with the use of natural light , have the effect of bringing a bad situation into starker perspective .
The points made are good ones , even if you wish they could work them in a more subtle way . At the very least , it 's a hopeful take on a troubling issue , with a genuine belief in old-fashioned Americana values as the key to survival .
has a stinging sense of immediacy and a strong sense of narrative momentum that keeps the multiple stories in balance , as well as judiciously managing sympathy for characters who are usually seen as villains during economic hard times
Excellent performances and a fine use of detail counterbalance a somewhat weak storyline .
... well-executed programmatic melodrama , and there are some scenes that evince real heart , probably because the actors seem naively committed to the project .
As an actor 's showcase , you 're definitely in good company .
... an engrossing , if uneven , ensemble drama featuring strong performances by Ben Affleck , Tommy Lee Jones and especially Chris Cooper as the most desperate of the trio .
The movie seemingly ca n't decide whose team it 's on , salt-of-the-earth blue-collars or the bourgeoisie .
Takes an unpopular group - upper management ! - and humanises their involvement in screwing the world . Quite the achievement , really .
A solid drama about the ill effects of downsizing .
Unemployment is not a naturally cinematic thing . A far-too-neat conclusion notwithstanding , This is a decent exploration of the psychology of what happens when you loose your job .
A serious , schematic , well-acted film about adjusting to new lifestyles in a changing world ...
Gets us on side with a thoughtful , if sentimental , examination of what it takes to find dignity in tough times .
This downsizing drama might be a bit downbeat , but it 's sharply observant and extremely well-played by an impressive cast
A chilling picture of corporate US , where loyalty to employees has been ousted by something called the bottom line .
Capitalism has never looked such a cruel mistress and it 's refreshing to see the recession 's fallout portrayed in such human terms .
Wells , whose first feature this is , knows how to shape a movie but it still seems a little like a superior piece of television , adorned by a posse of very watchable stars .
The film stubbornly sticks to its point : that losing your job hurts you and your sense of identity whether you are at the top or the bottom of the ladder .
A decent , earnest , well-intentioned picture about white-collar unemployment .
Deserves credit for being a well written and seriously conceived ensemble drama about white-collar America and the financial crash .
Like Inside Job , this earnest , well-acted drama is wearing its wallet on its sleeve for all to see .
The Company Men does a very fine job stressing the financial and personal abyss that can confront somebody whose year of devotion to a company can result in little more than hand shake .
For all of its many flaws , anyone who has ever struggled with unemployment will find this to be an incredibly sober work .
There will be plenty of good movies about the recession . This is n't one of them .
Effectively , it 's a history of the effects of deindustrialisation on working-class people , but in this case it 's those in the white-collar sector who are the victims .
Well-intentioned but ill-gauged ...
Engaging , well written drama with strong performances from a superb cast , but the absurdly privileged lifestyles of the characters do seem somewhat at odds with the point of the story .
Possibly it has a slightly rose-tinted ending , but it does once again skewer the greed factor in so much of corporate antics , to the detriment of many people 's lives .
The Company Men is full of thin slivers of irony that passes for deep thinking .
I do n't want Wells to invent a Darth Vader like villain to blame this crisis on - besides , those villains already exist in reality - but I certainly do n't want him to vindicate the guilty parties .
It 's hard to imagine many hearts -LRB- American or otherwise -RRB- bleeding on seeing how such over-paid corporate suits are going to cope with the tragedy of having to trade in their second Ferrari ...
A contemporary drama about the enduring financial implications of 2008 , the story plays out like a downbeat , old school version of The Social Network .
It entertains , it engages , it leaves the brain empty after use .
Ultimately , this is one film for which empathy - and thus interest - will be proportional to your salary .
It turns out that middle-ranking executives and even some corporate board members have feelings . Who knew ?
The Company Men could stand to express a little righteous fury .
It 's time once again for Hollywood 's favourite game : feel sorry for rich people .
A solid and intelligent debut feature , if one of dubious appeal to mainstream audiences .
Driven by terrific lead performances , moody cinematography and an insider 's feel for details , this is a bruising exploration of a timely subject .
Wells knows how to extract the goods from a great cast , but it 's in service of a somewhat mundane story .
The GFC has delivered its first KFC movie , an easy take away with little to nourish our cinematic wellbeing
A punchy film that looks at the strength of the human spirit
If Kevin Costner can still find good work , there 's hope for everybody .
Ben Affleck does a fine job of playing a man without one in a compulsive cautionary tale for would-be Trumps and Gekkos .
It feels like the pilot for a TV series that could be titled White Collar Blues .
This is a movie that actually tries to elicit sympathy for Ben Affleck by showing him get all misty-eyed when he has to sell his Porsche .
It 's the kind of movie that rich , disconnected Hollywood filmmakers make about the recession , thinking they 're committing some altruistic act of empathy for a nation struggling to pay the mortgage on its second home in Nantucket .
Luckily , Bobby 's brother-in-law Jack -LRB- Kevin Costner -RRB- , a salt-of-the-earth construction worker , is on hand to remind everyone that it 's better to dance with wolves than finagle with stockholders , or something like that .
Belongs more in the category of missed opportunity than the successful caustic social commentary it so desperately wants to be .
Ben Affleck is a temporarily inconvenienced salesman forced to part with his Patriots tickets and his Porsche when he loses his six-figure salary . In a show of solidarity , his teenage son sells his Xbox . ` Precious , ' this is n't .
Everything is pat , from the stereotyped characters -LRB- Kevin Costner plays the noble blue-collar worker -RRB- to the obvious plot turns .
`` The Company Men '' has its heart someplace worthy . But its head -- not so much .
The film 's real problem is a top-down narrative that turns rich people 's troubles into financial melodrama .
It 's not merely the premise of The Company Men that I object to , it 's that such acting talent is wasted in such a humorless , stereotypical , moralizing film .
The acting across the board is excellent and this group of four Oscar-winning actors substantially elevate the level of the material .
There 's also little sense of what these characters were like before reality came crashing down on them .
Yes , these former company men sigh a lot , occasionally raise their voices , get drunk and throw rocks at corporate HQ , but there 's nothing that feels like real rage , nothing that even remotely approximates the spiritual decimation of a termination .
A searing portrait of a corporate culture utterly lacking in human values and the people who are rolled over by it . It 's an effective drama , even if writer/director John Wells is occasionally a bit heavy-handed with his us-versus-them shtick .
This all-too-familiar gloom and doom tale is depressing and feels longer than the 104-minute running time . The acting is top drawer from the powerhouse cast of respected thespians .
Very rarely does a film so nail the zeitgeist as to qualify as a cultural touchstone . The Company Men comes very close .
In the wrong hands , `` The Company Men '' could have slipped into a slop of sentiment , but the movie does n't go there . This is , first and foremost , a movie about `` men , '' and what , in Wells ' eyes , it means to be a man in these difficult times .
This is a film without spark . The frustrations are real , but they are neither terribly entertaining nor enlightening .
If you 're looking for a film that puts a face to some of the least sympathetic victims of the financial crisis The Company Men will happily take your $ 10 . For the rest of us , there 's always whatever 's on cable . That is , if it has n't been disconnected .
Terribly miscalculated on all counts , especially not recognizing its true place as a tearjerker on the Bloomberg channel .
` Men ' is neither as gritty nor as unsentimental as David Mamet 's more uncompromising assessment of office politics , ` Glengarry Glen Ross , ' but that does n't mean there is no place for Wells ' vision , which has its own resonance .
Fine performances by the entire cast highlight this roman à clef about an avaricious corporate tyrant . Unfortunately , it glorifies cruel marital infidelity .
Wells ' basic directing style is sufficiently attuned to not only the characters , but also to the performers , to make it interesting .
The Company Men may well be the last of Hollywood 's Recession Specials , but let 's not get our hopes up unreasonably .
It 's so well acted and constructed in such a manner it allows viewers the opportunity to absorb the concept of job loss , and more closely sympathize with those affected .
Thoughtful , heavy drama about the downsized .
If the recession-era movie sounds depressing , you just do n't know what Hollywood is capable of .
The great ensemble cast delivers !
A fine companion piece to last year 's George Clooney film `` Up In the Air ''
As broad and unsurprising as The Company Men is , the filmmaker has put his finger on something frightening about the current state of the union , even if he ca n't quite diagnose it in the time allotted .
As broad and unsurprising as The Company Men is , the filmmaker has put his finger on something frightening about the current state of the union , even if he ca n't quite diagnose it in the time allotted .
Painful yet well cone depiction of pride going before the fall .
Rather than showing us an empathetic portrait of what it 's like to live through such a hard time in America , Company Men shows us a series of rich , white men suffering through problems of their own creation .
Wells ' messages on the dehumanizing effect of corporate greed seem more like prosthelytizing than storytelling . Are the points he 's making important ? Sure , but this movie is n't going to say anything to anyone not already in the choir .
The Company Men is an American film that had to get made and should be seen , especially now in the age of greed gone from bad to worse .
You do n't have to be a suit to find much of The Company Men wrenching .
`` The Company Men '' is a worthwhile outing that takes despair - but also resilience - seriously .
The venerated American export that The Company Men most recalls is n't seagoing vessels -- it 's hourlong dramatic television shows .
The TV-bred Wells ... has written and directed The Company Men without ever coloring outside the lines : it 's all a bit too neat and obvious and predictable .
The Company Men is n't THAT bad , but in a world with so many good movies , there 's really not much to recommend here .
Turns out three stories are two too many . The Company Men should have been downsized .
One of the most underrated films you will ever see .
Attempts to examine a social problem but is weirdly out of touch with it . The film feels simplistic , like a Nickelodeon movie with swearing and dislocated worker seminars .
As the man who becomes completely undone by his sudden fall from grace , Cooper is terrifying . Jones reminds us of his long-held position as chairman of the department of cinematic moral outrage .
This tale smacks viewers with a reality that 's hard to imagine paying money to see in a theater . And yet , here we are .
This is not a movie of our time so much as it is a movie for our time . It is quite good , but it is , to be entirely truthful , discouraging to the core .
Very cut and dry ... That does n't , though , make the film any less truthful in its observations .
It 's simple stuff , but the movie 's heart is in the right place .
eteran TV producer John Wells filters the economic disaster through the eyes of the laid-off , but not even Ben Affleck and Tommy Lee Jones can save this uneven movie .
`` Glengarry Glen Ross '' and `` Office Space '' made most of the same points vividly long ago . `` The Company Men '' is a lovingly prepared dish served cold and stale .
A serious , thoughtful and often devastating drama about something rarely explored in the movies : the world of work as a place where we go to find out who we are , and what happens when somebody defined by his job loses it .
Though not blessed with a cinematic eye , Wells is a gifted storyteller who gets nuanced performances from most of his actors .
Wells may strain one 's sympathy by giving his narrative over to wealthy , white-collar men , but he also acutely renders the shame and frustration of capable , hardworking people suddenly forced to reassess their earning potential and aspirations in life .
Anyone can relate to ideas at work in `` The Company Men . '' When you take a person 's job , you take more than an income , you take his identity , his self-respect .
Consistently silly , occasionally funny but mostly forced .
American movies rarely catch the American male so nakedly powerless and shattered .
As ham-fisted as Wells ' dialogue is through much of `` The Company Men , '' the phenomenon he describes is real .
The cast does the heavy lifting here and carries the movie over the predictable bits , exploring the rising panic of families who face the devastation of job loss with disturbing realism .
-LSB- It 's -RSB- not a pretty story , of course . But it 's a compelling one and , thanks to Wells and a cast that includes Ben Affleck , Tommy Lee Jones and Chris Cooper , an entertaining one .
You are always aware of where the story is heading . Still , the film remains relatively entertaining , simply because the scenario hits so close to home , no matter where you work .
Wells casts a wide but synthetic net . An aura of well-intentioned generica muffles the dramatic impact of `` The Company Men '' ...
It is ... a little on the predictable and rote side .
Skillfully shows that no one is safe in a floundering company -- and that life ultimately boils down to family , friends and what you have to do to support them .
A good and decent film in a world that rather heartlessly demands more .
Works best as an acting exercise for its top-notch cast , which includes the always fascinating Chris Cooper as the film 's most complex and ambiguous victim of hard times .
`` The Company Men '' offers no great elation or despair . Its world is what it is . We all live in it .
A harrowing portrait of contemporary corporate America that hits almost a little too close to home for comfort .
Despite being intensely topical , The Company Men is deadly dull .
Fulfills every stereotype about Hollywood movies ; A smarmy , condescending , moral lecture from rich guys with no clue about real poverty . Do I begrudge the characters their financial success ? No . But I 'm certainly not going to feel bad when it falls apart .
The ethics of big business and concept of men out of work haunt every frame of the morally in tune recession drama The Company Men .
Wells touches on so many problems of the modern workplace , as it 's affected by corporate greed and thoughtlessness , that it 's almost a wonder The Company Men is as entertaining as it is .
Yes , the film 's a little didactic as it lays out the issues . But when it comes to the emotional state of those being laid off , of their families and even of those doing the laying off , it gets things right enough to make audiences squirm .
In its solid construction and resistance to the winds of fashion , The Company Men is one edifice that could outlast many an action blockbuster or standard inspirational drama , and maybe the Great Recession itself .
A film that may mean well but does n't get down to depicting the real suffering that goes with recession .
As an examination of a floundering American economy The Company Men is shallow and one-sided but pretending to be otherwise ; as a character study of the individuals caught in the economies effects it is engrossing .
The Company Men could well be the poster movie of 2010 . Like so many movies this year , it has great possibilities , but ultimately falters and coasts into easy commerciality .
A solid , intelligent , emotionally satisfying work of Hollywood liberalism .
John Wells gives a notable tyro writing/directing debut with `` The Company Men '' and he shows a deft hand at marshaling his large cast and complex story .
Sharply uneven , this well-acted contemporary problem picture has a good beginning , detailing the impact of unemployment on lifestle , identity and masculinity , but the second half is fake and contrived in its message
Powerful , provocative and poignant , it shrewdly reflects the emotional savagery of the worldwide economic meltdown of the past three years .
Wells ' film gives a human face to the headlines and a class of people -- corporate executives -- for whom one 's not always inclined to feel bad .
This haunting movie hits you hard and right where you live .
Each of the main characters is a big symbol - the villain , the ethical moralist , the denier , the corporate ax , the victim - but the cast is first rate .
One ca n't imagine devastated workers at the bottom of the business food chain expending much sympathy on these guys , but thanks to some admirably understated performances , the picture makes us feel their pain , too .
A well acted bit of drama that showcases that the Hollywood system can still allow for mature work to make it through without compromise or bombast .
We have n't seen an end to the real-life drama after two years . Do n't insult us by trying to give us one in two hours .
Finding catharsis in bleak matters , the picture satisfies with its sincerity , allowing viewers to sympathize and reflect on the nature of job loss through this efficiently directed eulogy for American industry .
`` The Company Men '' recalls 1946 's great post-World War II drama `` The Best Years of Our Lives , '' and the reason is n't simply its trio of protagonists .
The extremely well-acted `` The Company Men '' ends on a hopeful note , but Wells examines the repercussions of a layoff-based economy with devastating precision .
It turns out that people who are fired go through the same Elizabeth Kubler-Ross stages that we experience in facing death , though not exactly in the same order .
Delivers a respectable presentation of hardship , but still manages to maintain a light enough tone making the film a viable source of entertainment and not just a pity party .
Carefully structured to balance the anguish with some hope .
Films have punctured The American Dream before , but rarely so devastatingly as The Company Men does.f
The subject of unemployment numbers caused by the `` Great Recession that was almost the Second Great Depression '' will likely continue to inspire dramatic feature film attention as well as documentary analysis for years
`` The Company Men '' takes on its big subject forthrightly , and , in an era of service industries and financial instruments , it celebrates the virtue of making useful things .
The cast does n't treat The Company Men like a slideshow . They take something overly schematic and imbue it with real anxiety , shame , and humility .
It 's not that being privileged makes them boring ; being two-dimensional does .
Layoffs devastate executives of a Boston-based conglomerate in a well-meaning but inert message drama from writer-director John Wells .
The Company Men does a piercing job of making you feel the dehumanizing effects that losing a job can have on grown men , but it 's more truthful and devastating than that .
A quintet of actors carve out a beautiful , ill-fated geometry in John Wells 's layoff drama , which might play like a retort to Up in the Air if it did n't have shortcomings of its own .
Critics who praise this politically false economic fairytale can only be part of the system -- and part of the problem .
Before its too-easy conclusion , the movie offers a multifaceted glimpse at what can happen when the connective tissue between a man and his source of income is cut , and rarely suggests that it could be anything less than excruciating to stop the bleeding .
We all know these are n't the best of times , but , with a sly intelligence , a refusal to wallow in sentimentality and some mighty fine actors , this is a movie that also makes us dig in and figure out an upside .
Strong and believable , though its subject may not be one that most moviegoers want to confront at this particular moment in history .
A cocooned , sub-generic drama of downsized executives which locates tragedy in the loss of suburban opulence and white-collar perks rather than self-annihilation .
This is not simply a pity party for these corporate suits mostly concerned about holding on to their McMansions , fleet of designer cars or country club memberships , while those in the audience may be more stressed about what , if anything , is for dinner .
A shrewd , timely , and terrifically engrossing drama of white-collar reckoning that marks the feature directorial debut of writer-producer John Wells .
`` The Company Men '' is a somber , glossy , and sound-bite-heavy drama made watchable by its ensemble performances . The story is a letdown , but the actors -- including an especially sassy Maria Bello -- are enjoyable to watch .
No matter how hard you 've had it during the economic crisis , it 's got to make you feel better that Ben Affleck , or at least a character he 's portraying , knows what you 're going through .
A hard-hitting and creative examination of the scourge of unemployment and how it destroys dreams , brings untold pain and loss , and destabilizes families .
Not ` fun ' like ` Up in the Air ' but a solid drama about the economic mess that we 're in
Are we supposed to think that only those people who `` work with their hands '' are safe in this economy ?


@highlight

It might be hard for most viewers to identify with The Company Men 's well-heeled protagonists , but writer/director John Wells uses their plight to make universally resonant points -- and gets the most out of his excellent cast .