Director and screenwriter Massy Tadjedin 's first feature ... arrives on the big screen with all the strength that a romantic drama can have and all of the disappointments of married life . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Slickly written and finely acted , Last Night is at its core a character study .
Last Night is n't for everyone . Like a troubled relationship , it 's filled with infuriatingly irrational arguments and sulky silences , and its emotional impact may well be dependent on the viewer 's own experiences .
The actors try their best to transcend the flimsy script and unappealing direction , but ultimately the movie offers a mostly hollow experience that delivers a night that you will struggle to remember .
A well-acted , intellectually ambitious and emotionally honest roundelay of enticement . The film stands out as a rare example of a work more interested in evoking universal thoughtfulness than telling its audience what to think .
Last Night develops into a provocative -LRB- if slightly anti-climactic -RRB- tryst .
The film is as shiny and thin as a coat of nail varnish , but beguilingly photographed ...
An hour and a half of pan-American todger-teasing .
The word sexy is horribly overused . When it comes to this pair , though , it 's the only word that will do .
It 's quite enjoyable , and the ending is very good -- I just did n't believe a moment of it .
While it 's initially hard to care much about characters this privileged , the emotions and situations are ones we can all relate to .
A glossy melodrama that turns a gossip column premise into an earnest , well-acted rumination on modern relationships .
All in all , this is a low-key affair , but its strength is in the keen observation of how relationships develop .
It 's a little slow and not a great deal happens , but it 's no real hardship watching beautiful people for 90 minutes .
A good-looking , tightly-scripted and ever-so-slightly superficial drama about a married couple on the brink of infidelity .
A small-scale , indulgent but worthwhile movie from writer-director Massy Tadjedin about infidelity , jealousy and the quarter-life crisis .
Leaves you to fill in the gaps , but you wo n't care enough to bother .
Whether you care about her characters or not -LRB- and you wo n't -RRB- , Tadjedin does at least keep you guessing as to who will take the moral high ground come the end .
Engaging , sharply observed relationship drama , enlivened by strong performances from all four leads , though the fact that it constantly feels stagey and contrived is something of a distraction .
Shallow without being fun or sexy , the picture is a well-meaning but ponderous bore . The characters are dull , their ruminations tedious and uninvolving and the relationship insights banal .
` Last Night ' is an empty exercise in sheer self-regard , a tedious , lifeless trawl through the secret lives of the rich and beautiful .
A glum , navel-gazing affair that asks us to invest in self-absorbed protagonists living absurdly narcissistic lives .
Sadly , the weakest link in this provocative tale is Worthington who never really ignites the screen in quite the same way as Knightley .
Tadjedin brings out the best of her strong cast but all the eyeball-melting beautyon display and the highly polished treatment of the story could have done with a touch of authentic grit .
Worthington is so wooden it 's a wonder rubbing up against Mendes does n't cause him to spontaneously combust .
Yet both mumblecore and Tadjedin share a certain narcissistic self-reflection that immediately assumes audiences are interested in the lives of their characters .
Forget about sex or adultery -- there is n't enough life in Last Night .
Last Night is quiet and it moves slowly . It 's also dense with conversation , so it wo n't appeal to everyone , but it 's a worthwhile -LRB- albeit depressing -RRB- relationship drama .
an exercise in suspenseful romance that does n't quite know where to go with its story
It 's very nicely shot , and everyone wears lovely clothes , but there 's not a lot going on .
Tadjedin banks on the power of telling , familiar moments , betting that viewers will recognize the heartache at the center of a fleeting expression or hurried action . For the most part , her gamble pays off .
It 's the sort of movie that thinks cutting between two different stories makes it art . Usually , it feels like an exercise in art . There 's a lot of calisthenics but very little beauty or truth or whatever it is the movie is going for .
Tadjedin bounces from one couple to the other with all the logic of a badminton game , but the only revelation is Knightley 's nuanced performance .
A tedious , two-hour crisis of conscience , presenting a myriad of choices - the best of which is to wait and see this on dvd , if at all .
It is far beyond the juvenile time-jumping in Blue Valentine or the old-fogey show tunes nostalgia of any random Nora Ephron movie .
The glossy Manhattan footage , as hermetic as Woody Allen 's rendition of New York , is engagingly expensive-looking at least , but the cast is barely given anything to work with .
The movie moves forward in a reductive will-they-or-won ` t-they-cheat fashion , without much depth or character-driven insight .
Will Michael succumb and prove Joanna correct in her suspicions ? Will Alex 's French accent conquer all ? Do you care ? I did n't .
Like certain people , this film is pretty and shallow , and a bit of a bore .
It 's nice to see an intelligent film about adult relationships and the ways that jealousy and insecurity can shred what is otherwise a solid connection between two people .
Massy Tadjedin 's intimate directorial debut takes a spare , thoughtful approach to relationships .
Tadjedin shows an intimate understanding of how couples communicate through ellipses and of all that remains unsaid even amid torrents of angry words .
Suspenseful though it is , the movie is quiet to the point of being sleepy , and Worthington is simply not working out as a screen star .
He 's withheld and she 's , frankly , grating . So we do n't really care if they weather the current storm , because sooner or later they 're bound to get divorced , anyway .
It 's hard to care about the fate of a marriage that never quite comes into focus .
If you choose this film for your date night , prepare for a most uncomfortable ride home .
A tedious marital morality play with superficial characters .
The will-they-or-won ` t-they structure is a bit facile , but Last Night is on to something fascinating .
It 's a quiet , contemplative film that reminded me of Mike Nichols ' Closer , with too many shots of lighting cigarettes and looking pensive in train windows , but I liked it .
A kinder , chicer Adrian Lyne movie .
Here , as in a cosmetics ad , the performers are assigned to telegraph desire as characters defined by visual stereotype , their empty chatter decorated with facile metaphors .
A virtually humorless tale of marital cheating .
Fails to be as exciting or as sensuous as it should be due to the fact that it 's populated by some of the most unlikable characters to grace a movie in years .
Tastefully provocative , ultimately haunting .
The real question , is who cares ?
An intelligent film made for adults with sophisticated , universal themes .
Small and slight , the kind of blithe little relationship film that feels more European than American . An enjoyable bauble .
Pretentious and not always successful , but it 's also funny and sexy enough to lure you in and keep you hooked .
The film 's characters are stick figures articulating and acting out rote issues of monogamy , loyalty and betrayal .
Last Night is an impressive first feature , knowing when to savor a moment and linger , and knowing when to retreat and tease curiosity .
Never a point at which one is able to work up any enthusiasm or interest in the central characters ' ongoing exploits .
Keira Knightley gives one of her most nuanced performances , showing extraordinary range without ever coming across as showy ... This is a well crafted , enjoyable ensemble piece with a captivating conclusion .





@highlight

Last Night does n't opt for easy answers , but the framework and characters overall are too slight and plain to be compelling .