The result is a documentary that once again highlights that , of all sports , boxing is the one that cinema has been most successful in recording ...
Toback 's `` documentary '' is a one-man show : Tyson is the only interview . But what prevents it from turning into hagiography is the subject 's talent for devastating self-exposure .
Compelling as Iron Mike is to listen to , it 's hard to fault the filmmaker for not wanting to interrupt him .
The greatest bout of Tyson 's life was no singular opponent but him being an experimental pawn in the battle of nature versus nurture .
Turns out Mike Tyson , lo and behold , is n't that interesting after all . He 's an unreliable narrator , sure , but mostly he 's just a grotesque cartoon of every athlete who never had to answer for anything as long as they were making other people money .
Toback presumably wants us to see Tyson as a product of his times , but we ca n't really buy that .
Boxing fans will be thrilled by Toback 's film , filled as it is with multi-camera angles and behind-the-scenes footage of some of the greatest fights in the sports history .
Whether or not the troubled Mike deserves our sympathy , is left up to the viewer .
Toback 's approach to Tyson pulls no punches . It is extraordinarily revealing .
Utterly absorbing and fascinating , Tyson captivates viewers for its 90 minutes .
Until I saw Tyson , I would n't have believed it possible to film a one-sided documentary that felt truthful and complete . ''
Tyson is indeed an intriguingly contradictory hulk , but he 's far from the troubling Caliban Toback 's own obsessions with athleticism and negritude make him out to be
Tyson 's dissection of his own struggles makes the film hard to turn away from . In that respect , Tyson is a lot like a train wreck . In fact , Tyson 's life is like a train wreck in a lot of ways .
You certainly hope that the humility Mike Tyson is showing these days is genuine and not just an act .
Just relentless lisping monotonous speech that makes the prospect of entering the ring with Mike seem attractive if only because it will be over sooner .
In the end this is an unflinching portrait of a man , honest and beguiling . It puts Tyson 's sins into context , but never excuses him . In a way , it 's also a very American story about success from nothing and the double-edged sword of money and fame .
There is something compelling about the way he presents his version of the stories and scandals that surround him .
In these interviews , there 's a strange poetry to the way he talks about his life . I actually found it really moving .
He 's amazingly frank about some of the people he does n't like , and he breaks down when he talks about his friends and the people he loved . A surprisingly fine documentary .
Tyson is presented via multiple split screen , with relentlessly frank and rhythmic sentences overlapping one another . The effect is mesmerising .
Brutally honest , Tyson offers one perspective on the life of the boxer - his own . This intimate look is enough to carry the film through its fascinating portrait of the fallen hero .
This doco goes a little way to portraying Tyson as more human than animal . Iron Mike even sheds a few tears .
... if Tyson never manages to charm us , there are other times when he comes off as touchingly naive . He 's uncommonly empathetic to those who might think him a monster . It seems he often sometimes thinks of himself the same way .
Half-appealing , half-pathetic .
Like the heavyweight prize-fighter in his prime , this is documentary stripped back to its leanest form .
It all adds up to a fascinating psychological study , a film that goes beyond both the public persona and the fighter 's own spin to get at the frightened , angry , explosive , yet utterly understandable boy who became a very troubled and very public man .
A one-sided account of Mike Tyson 's compelling rise and fall , told by the man who lived the tale .
The most remarkable revelation of the movie is its subject 's thoughtful , reflective eloquence and unflinching self-perception ... Tyson may or may not be entirely who he says he is , but he 's probably not who we thought he was , either .
Merely functions as a disingenuous attempt to make him palatable to the mainstream .
-LSB- Mike Tyson -RSB- could hardly have wished for a more sympathetic protrait .
Documentary as ghost-written autobiography .
Listening to Tyson tell his side of the story , you come to understand him with new depth and complexity .
Some documentaries grow in the shadows ; others demand to be made . The story of boxer Mike Tyson , powerfully recounted in a new film , is as rich as a Dickens novel .
Some parts are hilarious , some are heartbreaking and whether or not you think Mike is a rapist or saint -- you ca n't help but feel his truth .
-LSB- S -RSB- erves only to show us a reprehensible example of the worst of American manhood , and of American celebrity ... .
The movie tries hard to gain your sympathy for this troubled individual who admits that he never thought he would miraculously live to be 40 .
Until Mike Tyson writes an autobiography , this documentary will do .
No other sporting figure has ever been afforded so much screen time for self-revelation : just another instance of Iron Mike 's one-of-a-kind status .
Stage-managed acts of public apology are de rigueur for penitent celebrities and athletes , but few lay it on the line like Tyson does here .
With no sense that Toback is pressing Tyson behind the camera , it 's easy to see this as more of a puff piece propping up Tyson 's sense of importance rather than any work of documentary filmmaking .
I went into the movie ambivalent about him , but after hearing his hate-fuled , unself-aware rants , I shifted to the ` ca n't stand him ' camp .
Something of a cliché .
I ca n't say I 've ever wanted to be in Mike Tyson 's head , but this documentary by James Toback certainly took me there , and I wo n't soon forget it .
Tyson is a staggering movie .
When Tyson finally admits defeat and announces retirement , it 's those crinkly , hurting eyes you remember .
The closest most of us will ever come to an intimate chat with the champ .
A revealing portrait of the troubled Mike Tyson elicits horror and sympathy .
It may be discomfiting at times , but it 's always honest , and like all of Toback 's strongest work , it 's challenging from beginning to end .
It 's good filmmaking with no pretense of balance . These days some people are okay with that in a documentary .
More a testimony for the defense than a documentary , it 's a sympathetic portrait of a complex man driven by an anger that still bubbles beneath the surface .
Hypnotic and ultimately incomplete .
Toback , to his considerable credit , turns that view around by showing Tyson as a complicated person who has more thoughtful things to say .
With Tyson , -LSB- director James -RSB- Toback has found a documentary subject as tragic and ridiculous , as bizarre and driven , as the heroes of his other films .
Toback fashions a sharp doc out of a blunt object .
Director James Toback gives the audience a raw and realistic view into one of the biggest names in sports of all time .
Hardly anyone thinks of ... Tyson as articulate and sincere . But director James Toback does and captures these qualities in a fascinating , sympathetic portrait . Tyson is a film of vast surprises .
Unless you just ca n't stand the sight of the guy , Tyson is a fascinating film .
The movie is a useful portrait of a mentally tortured man , but I 'm not sure it documents anything definitively biographical about Tyson .
Deploying multiple split screens and a discreet but effective score , Tyson is hugely engrossing at the same time that it is not entirely credible .
Tyson is about the processes that make Mike Tyson .
It 's like a Spalding Gray monologue performed by a maniac .
Emotionally and psychologically raw , this is a revelatory experience . Tyson has a Second Act , he could mentor a troubled teen like his savior Cus D'Amato .
Those who were furious at Tyson will be made even angrier by Toback 's film , for here is a fresh provocation-an attempt to restore to Tyson the human dimensions that have been taken from him -LRB- by himself , of course , as well as by others -RRB- .
One of the best biographical documentaries in years , a captivating examination of a life lived in the public eye but by an audience that barely understands it .
... there ultimately reaches a point at which the former fighter 's relentless chattering simply becomes too much to take .
An oppressively fascinating look into individual -- and cultural -- pathology .
Some will view the boxer 's honesty as reason to forgive his numerous failings ; others will take his unapologetic nature as confirmation of his continued guilt .
This is an extraordinary portrait of a complicated and contradictory man and regardless of your previously held views towards him , it is complex and thoughtful enough to force you to reconsider and reshape them as a result .
Tyson is terrifically compelling and , more than that , unexpectedly moving .
James Toback 's Tyson is a documentary with no pretense of objectivity . Here is Mike Tyson 's story in his own words , and it is surprisingly persuasive .
Tyson does n't pretend to be a balanced picture , but it 's a fascinating peek into a teeming , demon-filled brain that is n't like anyone else 's .
Some of the best boxing action to be had in any film and an inside look at one of America 's toughest survivors .
It makes you look at him in a new light .
My hunch is this innovative documentary will make you look at Mike Tyson differently . Not necessarily in a better light , but in greater context .
Boosted by the combination of Toback 's willingness to let Tyson reclaim his public persona and the filmmaker 's refusal to shy away from the controversy that 's enveloped it .
There has been a lot of backlash by those accusing the boxer of lying , but that is not the point of this Tyson-Toback collaboration . It is Tyson 's story , truth or not , from his viewpoint and that is what we get .
Tyson simply does n't provoke you enough intellectually . It feels mildly compelling , occasionally moving and revealing , but it ultimately suffers from too much style over substance .
The stories are great , really demonstrative of how Tyson became the figure he is . It 's amazing how real life has a beginning , middle and end .
It is n't a profile ; it 's a conduit for Tyson to speak his mind . He 's the film 's only voice , but even when he 's the only one talking , the story is still two-sided .
It appears that Toback is out to protect and defend his friend as much as anything else , and so -- while Tyson is indeed fascinating -- it 's also a missed opportunity .
Whatever you thought of Mike Tyson , this exceptional , fascinating film presents his story with all his warts in his own words .
Mike Tyson is a damaged man but a man nonetheless . Dismissing him as an animal , a habit he sometimes falls into himself , is an error . His mind is far from empty , although it 's a lonely , haunted place , and Tyson is a howl of humanity .
Who is Mike Tyson ? Soft-spoken lost soul ? Vicious animal ? Not even he knows . But it 's eerily fascinating to watch him try to figure it out .
A grab bag of occasional split-screens and sometimes overlapping or echoing dialogue -- all of which does more to obscure than illuminate the self-deceiving subject .
Think you 've seen enough of Mike Tyson for a lifetime ? Think you know as much about him as you want to ? Think again , and see James Toback 's terrific documentary Tyson .
A brutally honest documentary gets Mike Tyson to put it all out on the record , and the results may surprise you .
It 's a movie that 's thought-provoking without being intelligent and candid without being truthful . The same aesthetic choices that -LSB- director -RSB- Toback seems convinced will set his documentary apart are also what diminishes its credibility .
After all the years of rage and calamity , Iron Mike appears to have found some kind of lonely peace .
Tyson is worth seeing even if you have no particular interest in the sport or the man .
It 's a character sketch , and as such , it 's an increasingly well-drawn one .
Stunningly candid , emotional and tremendously entertaining , this is Mike Tyson 's autobiography . Director Toback captures the controversial fighter at his most raw , and ironically , undefended
You wo n't know what hit you after watching Tyson . This power punch to the gut is one of the best movies of any kind this year .
The result is as gripping as a title fight and as mesmerizing as a conversation with a cobra . You may not be happy with everything said , but you will not be bored .
Toback keeps himself out of the picture and does n't follow every angle to the most satisfying conclusion ... but he sure gives us a Mike Tyson to reconsider .
May be more argument than even-handed report , but it 's likely to alter people 's opinions about its subject while reinforcing their amazement at his career in the ring .
Tyson can be brutal with himself , but Toback 's fawning documentary lets him off easy .
Tyson offers no point of view other that that of Mike Tyson himself . He 's impossible not to like and the gentle quality of his voice is entirely disarming .
Hey , if I were Toback , I would n't exactly be poking this guy with a stick either , but the ultimate purpose of Tyson is a budding mystery that 's never quite solved .
Although straightforward in format , the film capitalizes on an obviously intense connection between filmmaker and subject with psychological acuity and emotional power .
Ultimately , this may be the closest we 'll ever get to understanding how Mike feels about himself , and there 's value in viewing that assessment .
Tyson is a mirror portrait that gets under our skin . Through film , -LSB- Director James -RSB- Toback achieves what even his mentor Norman Mailer 's magnificent writing on boxing was never able to accomplish .
-LSB- Toback -RSB- gives us Iron Mike in all his monolithic multitudes and allows us , for a brief moment , to peer alongside him into the existential abyss .
It 's Tyson straight , no chaser ... It 's hard to imagine a movie getting closer to the bone than this one .
Tyson may be the case of a subject not quite ready for primetime , a man still smarting from his past wounds , too narcissistic , frankly , to be very interesting .
Ultimately proves too subjective to truly get at the heart and mind-frame of its iconic subject .
Though not probing enough , Toback 's sympathetic docu captures vividly Tyson the man , the celeb and the animal , but a more detached approach is required to make the film truly revelatory .
This raging bull ... is unaware how simultaneously untouchable and vulnerable he is .
Toback excises any counterbalancing voices from the project and leaves the final word in every case with Tyson , even as the boxer exhibits a marked tendency toward self-contradiction .
An 88-minute stream-of-consciousness monologue that has you by turns sympathetic , perplexed , appalled , and enthralled .
Despite some compelling moments , this one-sided portrait of former boxing superstar Mike Tyson feels like a missed opportunity .
An extraordinary documentary .
The term is n't generally applied to the subject of a nonfiction film , but ` starring ' is the right description for Mike Tyson 's participation in James Toback 's provocatively sympathetic , impressionistic documentary portrait , Tyson .
Forget the ear biting , forget the porn career , forget the wife abuse , at least he seems to have come to terms with these issues and might be closer to being at peace with himself .
Plainly , this is n't the only account you would need to consult to form a proper picture of the man , but it 's a compelling spectacle , to be sure .
A documentary that is as near to an honest apologia as we 're ever likely to get . It 's a fascinating story , though not a pretty one .
Whatever preconceptions you have about Tyson will be challenged in a modern story of self-destruction and renewal that is as much about one vulnerable man 's desperate need for guidance and security as it is a reflection on American society , the media , and
A highly divisive figure tells his side of the story in a revealing film that still leaves too many questions unanswered .
Mixed with clips and photos from his tumultuous career but no contributions from peers or ` experts ' , this is a genuinely incisive portrait of a fighter at war with himself .
The result is fascinating yet troubling .
Tyson wo n't shatter all your preconceptions , but if you do n't at least question them , you have n't been paying attention .
Not the full story - not even close - but this is ` Iron ' Mike Tyson as you 've never seen him before . One of the most devastatingly personal on-camera confessionals ever put on screen .
Toback steers Tyson through every triumph and disaster you want to hear about , never pretending that the platform belongs to anyone but the man they used to call Iron Mike .
Toback 's split-screen moments , in which the film dissolves from gripping memories into something far closer to stream of consciousness , is pure documentary poetry . Hold tight for a guided tour of Tyson 's surreal descent into hell .
It 's certainly an effectively tough , unsentimental look at boxing .
Up close with a mumbling criminal - sorry , boxing legend - whom James Toback probes for a conscience , finding crazy levels of self-delusion instead .
James Toback 's been close with Tyson since the 80s -LRB- he played in Toback 's Black And White -RRB- , and this stab at redemption is subjective and sympathetic .
Prepare to be floored yourself as the retired boxer delivers an emotionally devastating and nakedly honest confession about his life , times and crimes .
It is a fascinating interview which would have been more powerful if Tobak had n't pulled his punches .
Like Raging Bull , like On the Waterfront , even like Woyzeck -LRB- the granddaddy of lumpenprole tragic drama -RRB- , Toback 's portrait asks us to ransack the human animal to see if there is a soul inside - and if so , of precisely what kind ?
Very humane portrait of a potentially extremely unlikeable character .
For a documentary , this film is n't remotely balanced , telling the story only through the eyes of the boxer himself , along with historical footage . But it 's so expertly assembled that it 's absolutely riveting .
If you feel director James Toback , Tyson 's friend of 23 years , occasionally pussyfoots around his ear-chewing subject , frankly who could blame him ?
It makes for a fascinating film about a man who was drawn by fate into a level of fame and fortune he could n't deal with and has become a convincing ringside commentator on his own life .
Despite its apparent one-sidedness , this is a riveting and unexpectedly moving documentary that 's guaranteed to make you view its subject in a new light .
Toback 's rare close-up view of some of the inherent contradictions in American hero worship makes Tyson a worthwhile coda to the mirage of athletic greatness Tyson 's career represents .








@highlight

A fascinating , emotional , and frank confessional from Iron Mike that sheds a sympathetic light on one of boxing 's most controversial icons .