... absurd displays of cheap controversy . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Baron Cohen is , without doubt , the ballsiest comic of his generation-and one of the brightest . But it 's hard to imagine him taking the guerrilla shock tactics of Borat and Brüno any further .
What 's most consistently brilliant about the film is Baron Cohen 's acting . He never breaks character for a second .
Add to that a spectacular celebrity-studded finale and you have a very successful , if not quite as original , follow up to one of the funniest films of this century .
Sacha Baron Cohen 's latest shock comedy Bruno is a nasty , tired and pointless retread of the gifted comedian 's previous work .
if mixed martial arts fans who view the film are forever after afraid of fighters getting aroused during a ground-and-pound session on the mat , then Baron Cohen did the job right .
A plot synopsis does n't quite capture the visceral thrill of our hero 's bizarre and shocking adventure .
The only thing Cohen can do is to throw the character 's sexuality in people 's faces , but there are several brilliant sequences of baiting and utilizing American gay panic that really hit the satirical button .
there are very little or no examples of comedic genius in this film
Staged or not , Cohen still displays a fearlessness and commitment to character unparalleled in the comedy world today .
The first 45 minutes -LSB- ... -RSB- might be the most concentrated bit of cinematic hilarity since Aqua Teen Hunger Force Colon Movie Film for Theaters .
-LSB- Homophobia -RSB- deserves confrontation , but when done in the manner of the movie here , it is less enlightening than it is just plain squirmingly funny .
Merely a collection of supposedly shocking jokes about homosexuality and gay sex .
You can watch Bruno purely as outrageousness or you can view it while pondering where the line is - or should be - between incisive social commentary and misanthropy .
The only thing Cohen can do is to throw the character 's sexuality in people 's faces , but there are several brilliant sequences of baiting and utilizing American gay panic that really hit the satirical button .
For all of its button-pushing , the end result is almost as superficial as its egocentric hero .
There are more consequences of his situations than there are laughs derived from them . Not everyone around here is a Howard Stern .
What `` Bruno '' may lack in setup innovation , character conviction or `` Borat 's '' inherent sweetness , it makes up for by pushing things beyond points of comfort or , in some cases , personal safety . Successfully uproarious in slaying social stratification .
As outlandish as the central character is , he uncovers some biting truths that no comedy writer could invent any better .
In the end , Bruno simply is n't as funny as Borat . ... Mr. Baron Cohen is too often forcing the issue instead of letting the humor emerge organically .
Illustrates not the public 's gullibility but a comic 's waning sense of danger
Bruno has one crucial element Borat lacked , a satirical point of view .
Artificial e cruel quando deveria ser espontâneo e instigante , finalmente acaba cometendo um erro fatal para qualquer comédia : leva o espectador a sentir dó das `` vítimas '' de seu astro .
As with Borat , there are plenty of outrageous moments that will make you simultaneously laugh and squirm ...
I do n't know if there are any comedians working today as fully dedicated to a joke as Sacha Baron Cohen .
I thought it was hysterical . I 'm just not sure I 'll respect myself in the -LRB- metaphorical -RRB- morning .
Undeniably funny , but the targets are far too obvious .
Bruno 's quest to become the most famous Austrian star ` since Hitler ' is shocking , vulgar and shamelessly defamatory . It 's also downright hilarious .
Worth your time , but be prepared to be shocked and possibly disgusted in between the laughs -- or even during the laughs .
An expose of the sham values of celebrity worship and tinseltown ambition largely unaware that the producer/director/writer and lead actor exemplifies those very values to the hilt .
I do n't think Cohen 's targets are even being particularly homophobic , they 'd just prefer if this crazed , half-naked circus freak would just put his penis away and stop invading their personal space
The movie is laced with edgy , eyebrow-singeing ` shock ' moments , but Bruno himself belongs to a long tradition of English-mangling funny ` foreigners , ' as portrayed by Peter Sellers , Sid Caesar , Danny Kaye and armies of radio and vaudeville comedians .
The film 's weakness is obvious : it has exactly one trick up its sleeve , and merely repeats that trick over and over for its entire 87-minute running time
Sacha Baron Cohen 's smiling and gregarious Borat , as opposed to his haughty and selfish Bruno , scores much higher on the likeability scale .
To paraphrase Lloyd Bentsen 's smackdown of Dan Quayle during the 1988 Vice Presidential Debate : `` Bruno , I screened Borat ; I knew Borat ; Borat was a review of mine . Bruno , you 're no Borat . '' Perhaps not , but there 's still plenty of laughs to be found .
It 's a shallow and silly thing that has every right to exist but no profound purpose . It is just a $ 40 million practical joke , and like all practical jokes , it has at its core a hard kernel of cruelty .
The film 's one authentic moment has him stalking Harrison Ford , who tells him in no uncertain terms where to go ; frankly , I was with Ford .
The new Sacha Baron Cohen movie , `` Bruno , '' really is n't a movie at all . Calling it one is sort of like calling mutton the new white meat .
Brüno is wall-to-wall jokes , but it never loses sight of its targets , which are many and in the end all-encompassing .
This film is probably yet another bit of fallout from that blight on civilization known as reality television . God help us all .
Let 's just get this over with : This is the filthiest movie I 've ever seen on the big screen .
I 'm sure there are plenty of people who will find it offensive ... I was too busy laughing .
Mostly entertaining ; but it 's not very memorable , insightful , probing , or revolutionary .
While decidedly more secular -- and bordering on the X-rated -- Baron Cohen 's flamboyantly gay Austrian fashionista serves a Scripturally-prophetic function of sorts .
Even worse than I thought it would be
Brüno is hit or miss for its first half or so but picks up steam as it goes along .
For those willing to endure the shocks and actually think about them afterwards , the film 's jokes work on multiple levels , although it is hard not to feel that there is some diminishing return this time around
Cohen probably did not consciously echo The Magic Christian , but he would have done well to learn from it .
Wholly unsuitable for children , yet propelled by a nagging puerility that will appeal only to those in the vortex of puberty , or to adults who have failed to progress beyond it .
There are lots of moments in this movie that are genuinely funny .
It 's certainly not that there are n't a few funny moments in the film . There are , but overwhelmingly , Bruno 's stunts are demeaning , they are insulting and they are really cruel .
` Bruno ' is just as much filthier and certainly more bodacious than any comedy you 've seen .
Sacha Baron Cohen is the most fearless comedian around . Culturally , he is pushing people forward kicking and screaming .
Kudos to the amazing Sacha Baron Cohen who offers one of the best characters since 2006 , an actor who can remain in character even with a gun to his head .
The pic is all about Cohen goofing on others he feels superior to .
While Cohen 's taboo-breaking audacity remains in full force throughout Bruno , his ability to keep the big laughs on a roll has waned this time around .
Borat feels like a story , Brüno comes off more as sketches , very funny sketches . It 's like an R-rated Daily Show .
I felt bad for some of the folks , such as Ron Paul and the poor preacher he picks on . I wanted lightening to strike others , such as the parents of the babies he interviews for a casting session .
A Vapid , Empty and Relatively Hateful Flick . And this is From Someone Who Loved `` Borat '' .
A giddy mash-up of social , sophomoric and shocking humor .
A brilliantly rude , deliriously insane closeted sexual politics on steroids mockumentary . Boasting Bruno as the anointed White Obama , waxed rectums , defense moves against multi-hued dildos , and Ron Paul as peeved object of erotic desire .
Bruno is no Borat !
No stoop is too low for a Cohen gag .
Bruno has enough gay heat to toast a Pop Tart in the Pope 's ass .
Get ready for more shock waves . With Bruno , Sacha Baron Cohen again pushes the sociopolitical comedy envelope as far as he can .
Unless you are really , really , really , really difficult to offend , you will be upset by something in this film . Seriously , count the `` really `` s. Do the math . Prepare yourself . Sacha Baron Cohen does not pull punches . If you were disturbed by BORAT , you are
But by pointing out how low some people will sink to hit the heights of fame , Baron Cohen can raise as many valid discussions as he can squirms .
Sure , the shine is off as far as Cohen 's particular modus operandi , but this is a funny comedy with both the capacity to make you think and genuinely recoil .
Those who last beyond the first few minutes will be treated to a film that 's more focused than Borat , with more jokes , less fluff , and enough social awareness to step on some toes . And it saves the best stunt for last .
The way the film exposes , tries , convicts , and administers punishment to homophobes - through humor rather than preachiness - had me laughing for 82 straight minutes .
A sporadically funny comedy that often shocks and disgusts , but falls flat with tedious and lazy humor .
Jive-talking robots and Ben Stiller ` going full retard ' be damned . Brüno is easily one of the most offensive films in years , and that is what makes it awesome .
a hit-and-miss brand of humor , as likely to leave you squirming from embarrassment as howling with laughter .
There 's good bad taste and then there 's just plain bad bad , which is what describes most of Brüno .
Some of the scenes do beg the question of if they were staged or not , but after the first ten minutes or so you 're laughing too hard to really care .
Baron Cohen 's instincts for outrage are spot on . It 's not insight we need at all right now , but a very sharp bonk on the head .
Simultaneously funny , infuriating , daring , cruel and tasteless .
Even if this is the end , we must applaud his audacity , even if we ca n't always bear to watch it in action . Is this comedic genius ? As Brüno would say : Ich think so .
Most of it is inspired silliness .
It 's a thing , not a movie -- if , that is , you believe a movie should be more than an accumulation of prankish set-pieces flimsily strung over 80 skimpy minutes .
More gut-bustingly funny than anything else out there right now .
Outrageous , unnerving , brave , topical , revealing , appalling and consistently hilarious , Brüno manages to be both cutting-edge cultural commentary and post-modern comic genius .
All the cautions and qualifications in the world are blasted out of your head by some of the film 's astoundingly hilarious ideas and sequences .
A crude , cringe-worthy , and intermittently funny affair that triggers the gag reflex .
Not all of the jokes are complex , or smug . Some follow the pure , simple slapstick route to the belly laugh , and there are enough of those to please many Cohen fans .
For all his idiocy , Kazakh journalist Borat Sagdiyev was a more likable jester than Brüno , who is the sum of his nether parts . One is a naif in a strange land . One is a jerk no matter where he travels .
Cohen has come up with some marvelous satirical motifs ; elsewhere , he 's just showing how far he 'll go to get a laugh .
It 's an odd cop-out for so fiercely gifted a comedian ... . This is not a man who is doomed to be Allen Funt , or for that matter , Ashton Kutcher . He does n't need to rely on the easy titillations and voyeuristic pull of reality TV .
An enormous schwanstucker of a comedy - hilarious , raw , shocking . Sign me up girlfriend . Two snaps up . Way up !
The bad outweighs the good and the cringes outnumber the laughs in Brüno , a disappointment from Sacha Baron Cohen , whose Borat was one of the funniest movies of the decade .
There 's not much to Brüno beyond some very old limp-wristed clichés that are as hostile to gays as the people Baron Cohen mocks .
If you liked Borat , I 'd recommend it . And I 'd recommend you expect it to be only 2/3 as good .
When moments seem like setups with actors , they turn tame . But when things feel real -- as when Bruno conronts an Arkansas wrestling-match crowd -- they can get scary-real .
I do n't know how many more times Baron Cohen can go undercover , but it looks as if he 'll never run out of bigotry , idiocy and hypocrisy to spoof .
Even at 82 minutes , Brüno feels stretched-out with stitched-together filler .
Inevitably , this follow-up to Cohen 's guerrilla mockumentary hit is a substantial letdown , lacking the novelty of its predecessor .
Skeptics might not swallow it all , and thinner-skinned folks will surely be offended . But no one will deny that Baron Cohen is fearless in his pursuit of rowdy laughs .
In Brüno , most of the stunts feel staged , more like The Hills than Cultural Learnings .
Ribbing for your pleasure , Brüno is crafted to cause a flurry of varied reactions , even within a single viewer .
Brüno never comes close to the inspired comic/cultural lunacy of Borat , or even the dunderhead fearlessness of Ali G.
Brüno is no Borat .
Ich laughed , Ich cringed , Ich pitied Paula Abdul .
Starts off as a hilarious lampooning of fame and the pursuit of celebrity , but Cohen and the gang run out of material .
A patchy , hit-and-miss comedy with a few outrageous highs and a lot of just-okay padding , Brüno suggests that Sacha Baron Cohen 's in-your-face fool routine sadly is n't working any more .
Parental Content Review
What 's lacking in the presentation , Baron Cohen makes up for with sheer ballsy , outrageous bravado . He bulldozes you with shock tactics . Brüno is a mesmerising invention , by turns repulsive and compelling .
It 's funny stuff , but more in a `` look at how outrageous we 're being '' sort of way than one that comes close to engaging in meaningful social commentary .
Sacha Baron Cohen 's Bruno is shocking , outrageous and uncompromising in its willingness to get a laugh . It 's just not very funny .
Brüno is thrillingly funny , establishing Sacha Baron Cohen as a comedian willing to go further than any other to show us what needs to be shown .
Claims that the film is a social satire are as empty as Brüno 's pretty head , there 's no arguing with the fact that the film is staggeringly rude and very , very funny . The laughs build and build : it 's like surfing a tidal wave of hysterical bad taste .
Howlingly funny , staggeringly rude , brutally incorrect and very often just brilliant .
But oh my , puerile and ragged as it is , and to some extent because it 's so ragged and puerile , I doubt if a more screamadelically hilarious film will be released in 2009 .
Brüno is a brave and necessary comedy . The film will appear to be a succès de scandale , and will outrage many people , but it is actually just a success , a film with an instinct for naming and shaming a host of overprotected wrongs . Go and see it .
While the film may not be as consistently funny as Borat , Bruno takes the win for one of the most shocking and hilarious films in years .
He 's fearless , dedicated to his art and there really is n't anyone else out there who does this schtick half as well . A third helping of fake interviews might be pushing the gimmick too far , but Brüno is as hilarious as it is terrifying .
Brüno is guilty of being both unbelievably crude and side-splittingly funny . While it 's certainly very close to Borat at times , as well as the proverbial bone , with Sacha Baron Cohen in such fine form almost anything is forgivable .
Putting his hairless self in harm 's way , Sacha Baron Cohen sets the bar for guerilla comedy as high and as low as it can go .
With as many gasps as laughs , and arguably less pleasurable than Borat , Brüno succeeds by sheer dint of Cohen 's unrivalled ability to conceive , and then bravely enact , the most jawdropping stunts imaginable .
A mixed bag - obvious targets sitting alongside worthy demolition jobs - but it 's never less than amusing ... and often excruciatingly funny .
As phoney and frustrating as it is funny . Baron Cohen 's comedy-outsider schtick is slick but well and truly found out . The clothes may be new and more fabulous , but the emperor seriously needs to go shopping .
That 's not to say that there are n't funny moments here because there are some really choice moments but they are lost in the mix of purile and often uncomfortable moments that really are below what you 'd expect from the team behind this .
There is no braver satirist than Sacha Baron Cohen today , working in any medium , and I salute him . This movie is going to be as big as Borat , and deservedly so .
One of the funniest things you 'll ever see .
For the majority of its short running time Brüno is a masterpiece of comedy by embarrassment .
You could laugh so hard you wo n't be sure what will split first - your head , sides or `` kugelsack '' .
Cohen 's new one-star show is appalling and funny and sometimes both simultaneously .
Of course , there are laughs , and if audacity were the only principle by which film-making achievement were judged the movie would be a knockout . But having groaned and winced through most of its 83 minutes I could n't wait to get out of there .
There are a lot of big , cruel laughs in this but it was a lot easier to warm to the innocent Borat than the self-absorbed Brüno and the film begins to overstay its welcome even at a trim 80-odd minutes .
Excruciating , OTT , hilarious .
It 's properly ridiculous , mad entertaining and , dare we say it , laugh-out-loud silly .
Better than Borat ? No . But easily just as good , and twice as outrageous .
Sacha Baron Cohen 's latest outing is undeniably hilarious and you ca n't help but admire the sheer chutzpah involved in making the film .
Baron Cohen is an astonishingly focussed performer ; we have no idea how he does n't crack a smile .
Borat remains Sacha Baron Cohen 's masterpiece . But gag for gag , Brüno is every bit its equal . So is it the best comedy of the year ? Without a doubt .
Cohen does n't quite reach the same five-star genius as his Kazakhstan phenomenon . We kind of know what to expect now . Still , you 'll laugh out loud , an awful lot .
As funny as some of this is , though , even with a running time just shy of 90 minutes , Brüno often feels as if it 's straining for effect .
Bruno is not for the easily upset but if you roared with laughter at Borat the chances are that you will find the gay Austrian model even more outrageously funny .
As social satire , ` Brüno ' is boorish and scattershot ; as farce , it is obvious and erratic .
You have to give Baron Cohen 's publicists five stars , though the film itself falls short of that .
To paraphrase Heidi Klum , one day you 're in , the other you 're out . I 'll let you guess which one of those two categories I think Brüno belongs in .
Not since Lenny Bruce has a comedian pointed a spotlight on people with such observational precision .
Bruno is curiously ineffective , a sort of middling effort that fails to liberate itself from the stereotypes that provide the character 's foundations , even if it also does n't deliberately or harmfully reinforce them .
If you 're naïve , in high school , or a dedicated follower of scatology , you 'll think this is genius . Anyone with world experience , however , will feel left out of the loop .
There 's laughter but it 's empty , mean-spirited laughter . Bruno makes fun of people for no other reason than it can , not because it has something to say .
Sacha Baron Cohen has nearly succeeded in his quest to be the film equivalent to Howard Stern . Crude and crass rather than challenging , shocking rather than stimulating , Cohen does n't seem to care what he does so long as he gets people talking .
It is proof positive that this emperor of comedy has no clothes , a fact that he seems depressingly eager to demonstrate throughout .
While there are some big laughs to be had , Bruno ultimately fails at its more grandiose intentions as a sharp satire about our obsessions with celebrity and tendencies towards homophobia .
The reason Bruno does n't rise to the level of Cohen 's earlier work % u2014 besides the inevitable diminished returns of revisiting now familiar territory % u2014 is that this time around the film is more interested in making fun than in making a poin
A condescending picture that always takes aim at easy targets , fires away with a blunderbuss , and then pretends to be courageous for what it 's done .
Yes -- if you 're asking -- Brüno is quite possibly the most uproarious , groundbreaking , and shocking comedy of the past decade -- and that includes its sister film which showcased the Jew-phobic Borat .
Intolerance and outrage has never been funnier , and nobody incites it better than Brüno , Borat or Baron Cohen .
Brüno 's greatest outrages here will still elicit howls and shrieks , as well they should . But our fabulous Austrian friend is no comedy revolutionary , only a cruel and silly stereotype in leopard-print underwear .
It 's an exercise in offensiveness , an exploration of over-the-topness and a gleeful working of both sides of the street . What brings Brüno down , though , is sinful behavior . Mr. Baron Cohen commits the cardinal sin of unfunniness .
Whether you believe Brüno is the caustic comedy of a political prankster or the rude humor of a smart-aleck , it 's hard to deny that there is a subversive intelligence at work .
Sacha Baron Cohen uses his guerilla tactics to ` expose ' the vanity and vacuity of Hollywood and the American South . His high-wire humor can be very funny , but here the groans often drown out the giggles .
Funny , yes . Astute in its satire , not as much .
While Cohen has teamed up again with director Larry Charles , Brüno feels protracted . When the filmmakers ' luck dries up , they resort to staged fish-in-a-barrel events that make the movie a more desperate , less surprising exercise .
Borat got some pretty uncomfortable and surprising behavior from people . Brüno shoots fish in a barrel .
Producer/star Sacha Baron Cohen keeps trying to mine humor from the same type of jokes . And in terms of story structure , it 's pretty much the same movie as its predecessor .
Brüno is a smarter , savvier and all-around funnier movie than its predecessor .
A politically-incorrect savior , that rare comedy that revels in bad taste while also actually having something worthwhile to say about the world we live in and the senselessness of stereotypes .
The problem with Bruno comes in mistaking blatancy for comic gold .
The movie is a toxic dart aimed at the spangly new heart of American hypocrisy : our fake-tolerant , fake-charitable , fake-liberated-yet-still madly-closeted fame culture .
Controversial , uncomfortable , and hilarious
Brüno hinges on how uncomfortable we are watching a homosexual minstrel show ; our PC excruciation is as crucial to the formula as the good ol' boys ' irritation
While Cohen 's samurai satire has lost some of its edge , he can still leave audiences howling -- when they 're not gasping in disbelief .
Brüno offers both succor and sucker bait for liberal-minded viewers who may feel harassed by prevailing and ever-shifting cultural sensitivities .
Cohen no longer has freshness and novelty on his side , but he 's retained the power to shock , offend , provoke , unsettle , and most importantly , entertain a jaded , desensitized public .
With his previous work , Baron Cohen has already proven he 's a lot smarter than this
There are sequences of comic genius but you suspect that the huge dollop of cruelty in Cohen has got out of hand - and then the movie wilts .
Although Brüno is sometimes a wickedly funny flick , the dubious techniques and repellent protagonist produce fewer real laughs than its predecessor .
For those of a non-Puritanical mindset , it 's hard to deny that Brüno succeeds in being both outrageous and outrageously funny , and it 's hard to damn a comedy , regardless of its faults , for those qualities .
Like Swift 's Gulliver 's Travels , Brüno defies you not to see yourself in its funhouse mirror . And then dares you to laugh it off .
Bruno is a one-joke character in a one-joke movie , and it 's a joke Baron Cohen beats into the ground .
For a portrait of a monomaniac , it 's alarmingly random . For an expose of charlatans who range from a psychic to celebrity-charity consultants , it 's maddeningly shoddy .
The needle on my internal Laugh Meter went haywire , bouncing among hilarity , appreciation , shock , admiration , disgust , disbelief and appalled incredulity . Here is a film that is 82 minutes long and does n't contain 30 boring seconds .
It 's a bubbling potion of the staged and the real that supplies a suitable comfort zone for Cohen to manufacture his most outrageous character : a hulking gay fashionista with a tireless libido and a limited appreciation for personal space .
A movie that will make you laugh so hard you 'll gasp for breath ... The formula is familiar , but Baron Cohen still finds ways to shock you into guffaws , over and over .
A funny , fearlessly absurd comedy but a shaky satire .
Cohen holds up another mirror to American society , and if anything we 've only gotten uglier since Borat . Or maybe we 're just uglier when it comes to homosexuality .
There 's a love story at the heart of this and it 's not necessarily a feature film , but it is a film phenomenon and he is a master at self-promotion , you 've got to admit .
Call me a grouch , but I found myself on side with Harrison Ford who , when stalked by Bruno for an interview , tells him exactly where to go .
Bruno is not nearly as ambitious as Borat , where Cohen 's talent to outrage ranged far and wide . He 's no longer a saboteur . He 's become part of the machinery .
It can be entertaining , in a scattergun way . But its most extreme moments feel forced rather than revealed . Even its over-the-top finale , with echoes of Borat 's rodeo escapade , seems over-calculated this time around .
Shock and awesome . We are co-conspirators with Bruno when we know where he 's headed . Let 's keep Borat out of this .
Baron Cohen and director Larry Charles are maestros conducting a symphony of discomfort .
Those who go in with their jaws clenched are bound to find offense . Better to focus on the stuff that works outrageously .
The fallacy that Baron Cohen 's comedy is politically pertinent derives from its pandering to Lefty biases .
If Bruno is not quite up to the lofty standards of Borat , it is daring and sometimes insightful .
Outrage is entertainment !
Too often , Brüno feels like Borat 's weak-wristed brother , too much of it just a gay cliche aimed straight at the American bigot belt .
... it feels funny enough -- and that may be the unkindest thing of all you could say about a comedy
Certainly , the film is worth seeing if only for the fascinating range in reactions -LRB- give 'em something to talk about indeed ! -RRB- .
Sacha Baron Cohen might be a one trick pony , but he sure knows how to give the audience , ahem , a good ride .
... provokes half as many laughs in a seemingly less improvised comedy that goes twice again as far as Borat in goosing sexual sight gags designed to make even the most numb audience members blanch .
Baron Cohen 's daring and fearlessness as a cultural critic is in as grand a form here as it was in Borat , his last adventure in ... lampooning ... kneejerk ignorance and superficiality .
May be the funniest film of the year thus far , but it does n't come close to reaching the comedic heights of his previous effort , Borat .
Rated R for rude , raw , ribald , and repetitive , Brüno delivers Sacha Baron Cohen 's brand of commando comedy , but little else .
More envelope-pushing and funnier than Borat , Baron Cohen 's perilous brand of agit-comedy takes us from meetings with terrorists to acrobatic penises . How did this get away with an R rating ?
For sheer shock value - and that 's really why people go and see a film like this - Bruno delivers . It 's clear , however , that the formula is wearing thin , and Baron Cohen need dig deeper into his bag of tricks for his next outing .
You should know by now whether Bruno is your kind of movie . I had high hopes , but confess to leaving the cinema somewhat disappointed .
Bruno is well worth seeing for a good laugh , even if it is a hit-and-miss affair . After all , I doubt any negative reactions will stop Baron Cohen pulling the greatest prank of all -- pocketing millions from willing suckers like us .
Baron Cohen is a genuine comic guerrilla , charging right to the front lines of the war against prejudice and sanctimony .
Yes , Bruno is in ` gay face ' if you will , but when going beyond the surface , he is clearly turning the mirror on us and saying , ` Do you see how stupid these stereotypes are ? '
Where Borat was an innocent abroad , Brüno is just broad ; Sacha Baron Cohen makes Brüno the self centred and self obsessed centre of the film , which is not so much a story as a series of sketches designed to shock , disgust and outrage
I watched in superficial fascination , chuckled a couple of times , quickly became bored and found the 80 minute running time dragged like a one-note joke that outstays its welcome
't is the season for summer camp , and this one fits the bill as well as any other .
It 's essential - but hardly comfortable - viewing . You 'll watch most of it through splayed fingers , and at times you 'll need a spare hand to pick your jaw up off the cinema floor .
If Sasha Baron Cohen is an acquired taste , I 'm sipping the Kool-Aid .
Even more insane and hysterical than Borat , Sacha Baron Cohen 's hilarious follow-up is also far more coherent and effective at using shock factor to get you laughing .
The second hour of Bruno is a laugh out loud satire that will make the world a better place . That 's what we want from Sacha Baron Cohen ... Lots of people do funny . I 'm glad he still transcended and took the bad people of the world down a peg . ''
While the film is n't as consistently funny as Borat , Bruno should still pull in a sizeable audience .
There is also a pronounced nasty streak to the innumerable provocations staged by the title character that curdles the laughs and wears out the flamboyant Austrian fashionista 's welcome within the picture 's brief 82-minute running time .
We all knew Borat . Borat was a friend of ours . Bruno , you 're no Borat .
Bruno is outrageous , sick and offensive but pretty damn hilarious .
Whether it 's outrageously offensive or offensively outrageous , it 's laugh-out-loud funny .
It 's a funny , funny , funny movie . It 'd just not revolutionary anymore .
This is our cultural conversation right now , and Bruno minces in , ready to demolish preconceptions in every direction .
Brüno is like Milk , but with a talking penis .
Wilder and riskier but also more calculated than Borat , Bruno shows outre sexual images , and how can you not like a gay Austrian who decides to repent after realizing that our top stars , Cruise , Travolta and Spacey share one thing , they 're all straight
The crown of the reigning king of bad taste must pass from John Waters to Sacha Baron Cohen .

@highlight

Crude and offensive , but with ample cultural insights and gut-busting laughs , Bruno is another outlandish and entertaining mockumentary from Sacha Baron Cohen .