Essentially a far-better-than-average B-movie , slick in presentation and able to keep up a steady pace .
This landscape , although dressed in the trappings of genre , is a thinly veiled exaggeration of America 's current , divisive culture wars , with Mickle and Damici leaving little doubt as to where they themselves stand or what is at stake for humanity .
This is no gallows comedy , it 's a survival drama in the mode of The Walking Dead . It has more in common with The Road or George Romero 's late Dead films than most vampire films ...
Stake Land is intelligently rendered horror . It 's a cut above more recent efforts , being an accomplished and thoughtful piece of work and an overall , enjoyable watch .
Stake Land has strong characters , a lucid script , plenty of action , and something more substantial to make it better-than-average .
May be the best blunt-force-trauma , tear-your-throat-out vicious vampire film since Near Dark .
it 's as dark as Harry Potter 19 might have been , and keener on exploring deeper themes than having an all-slaying , all-spurting , all-squirting orgy of fangbanging fun .
Mickle 's observation of a devastated working-class America is so sharp that the horror elements , though effectively handled , come to feel like an afterthought .
More admirable than fulfilling , expelling more effort with atmosphere than story , wasting time with stares when legitimate tension is desperately needed .
What sets this movie apart , however , is the appearance of a bizarre religious cult that could be more dangerous than the monsters . If only it had gone farther ...
There 's a scruffy immediacy to the direction ... but also a grace to the imagery and a commitment to the performances .
The Road on supernatural steroids , the New York Times called it , and that 's a pretty good short handle for it .
Although admirable for a low budget horror thriller , this is let down by inept storytelling .
Like Romero , Mickle has a pragmatic attitude to genre convention : even the corniest stereotypes can be turned to new purposes .
In Stake Land , the latest post-apocalyptic vision to hit cinemas , it is not vampire or cannibals you have to watch out for , but those nutters in the Christian right and all of the offensive caricature that comes with them .
Like the film version of Cormac McCarthy 's The Road , it has quasi-religious overtones and one very good scene ...
A super - low-budget-yet-visually-evocative genre movie done with almost utter earnestness .
Somehow its posse of American travellers , attempting to reach the Eden of Canada while assailed by vampires , seems a little dull .
The postapocalyptic landscape has become so familiar of late -LRB- The Road , The Book of Eli -RRB- it puts pressure on low-budget indies like this to deliver something new .
Jim Mickle is a fine genre filmmaker and Stake Land is a satisfying entrant in the ` post-modern vampire film ' subset ; if a little undernourished , it 's still enough to whet fan appetite for his next project .
An angsty , bleak fantasy of America the lost .
Other undead movies needlessly foreground the action . `` Stake Land '' has its fight scenes , but here they 're secondary .
Even when it 's only got its vampire wings on , this film has a lot more bite than the Twilight series .
A film that shrugs off its small budget to present a meditation on survival and suffering .
As much a character-driven coming-of-age tale as a gritty horror fable , writer/director Jim Mickle 's socially relevant shocker is The Road with vampires .
The relationships between the characters are not allowed to fully develop , so that the audience can neither genuinely root for them , nor really despise them .
Forget what you think you know about horror . This one 's a game-changer .
It may try to cram too much incident into the narrative and loses its way from time to time , but this is a superior horror .
Enjoyable post-apocalyptic horror that plays like a non-comedy version of Zombieland , thanks to strong performances , an engaging script and some assured , pacey direction .
Jeff Grace 's melancholy music underscores the atmosphere of bleak dystopian despair , leavened by flashes of humour and hope .
Despite its issues Stake Land is a more-than-competent and often very entertaining vampire thriller .
It 's a good little genre piece , edgy rather than slick , and well worth a look .
Owes a few too many debts to truly impress , but Stake Land has style , vision and something to say about the world around us .
Stake Land is the movie The Road should have been .
May have been made on a tight budget , but one would never know it based on the striking production values director Jim Mickle manages in order to realize his harrowing vision .
The ultimate destination Stake Land heads to is n't exactly an upper , but unlike other films with such a dystopian viewpoint I 'm just not sure this one earns its downbeat nihilism .
A confident piece of genre filmmaking that not only deserves a wider audience but hints at truly great things to come for its talented director .
Shows that a savvy mixture of characterization , atmosphere and gore-eographed suspense can make even the most familiar fright tropes feel vaguely organic again .
`` Stake Land '' bursts with action , ideas and interesting characters .
Cowriter/editor/director Jim Mickle takes all the usual elements of vampire and zombie tales and makes them seem fresh with solid characterizations and a real sense of regional American filmmaking .
Mickle has talent , and the end credits include a character known as `` French Canadian Cannibal , '' which is worth a half-star right there .
One of the finer horror entries of the year ...
This is The Road meets Testament by way of The Devil 's Rejects , in the best possible way : a brutal , elegiac take on how a post-apocalyptic America might look and feel .
Director Jim Mickle , who co-wrote the film with his star Nick Damici , has crafted a good-looking , well-played and atmospheric apocalyptic vision .
You might be left cold at the end of Stake Land when the question of what this particular variant is going to do differently is answered with a half-hearted shrug .
This disposable vampire/zombie re-hash horror show from director Jim Mickle is cinematic dog food .
Pacey , confident and enjoyably grisly , this is a full-energy thriller with an emotional undercurrent . It 's a little simplistic , and never quite defines why the stalking undead are called `` vampires '' rather than `` zombies '' . But it 's still hugely entertaining .
Though it has plenty of shocks , the film creates a wasteland that would be compellingly deranged even without vampires pressing insistently at every border . Horror is just the half of it .
Grim , ferocious and full of cinematic life that puts Stephanie Meyer 's calculated soullessness to shame .
Some numbers are too large to contemplate . How many drops of water are there in the ocean ? How many grains of sand are there in the desert ? How many more apocalyptic zombie movies must I sit through ?
Ryan Samul 's cinematography and Jeff Grace 's score pick up the slack , smoothly maintaining an unstable atmosphere of lurking horror .
An easy recommendation for genre fans , especially those who like it bleak .
Does n't offer much beyond mood and style .
Even through all of the flaws , Mickle and Damici deliver a highly ambitious film that was probably too much to handle .
The whole movie aches from tired blood .
There is n't much dialogue , and most of the 98-minute running time is devoted to locking in one terrifyingly gothic encounter after another , but the characters are well defined , and director Mickle makes every dime of his micro-budget count .
It 's an ambitious hybrid , grafting the ethereal , landscape-driven , light-infused beauty and naïf narration associated with Terrence Malick onto a tale in which struggle against supernatural forces is just one challenge of coming of age .
Add vicious , voracious bloodsuckers to Cormac McCarthy 's The Road and you have Stake Land , a clever horror-action hybrid tailor-made for viewers who like their vampire movies bloody and mean , rather than awash in teen angst .
A gritty , low-key hybrid of horror film and road movie that aptly demonstrates the stylistic flexibility of this undying genre .
Fans of Cormac McCarthy 's `` The Road '' will find much to enjoy in this sombre and nerve-wracking postapocalyptic horror film , directed and co-written by Jim Mickle .
There are actually moments of fun and happiness . That 's an area that The Road Warrior , The Road and any other post-apocalyptic thriller never really explored . Then when that respite is destroyed it 's even more tragic .
Low-budget vampire apocalypse flick that makes up for in mood and ideas what it lacks in flash and pizazz .
Stake Land is , in the end , one of the most fiercely original -LRB- and thoroughly engrossing -RRB- horror films to come around in quite some time ...
A highly satisfying low-budget horror-thriller .

@highlight

Though the genre is well worn at this point , director Jim Mickle focuses on strong characterization and eerie atmosphere to craft an effective apocalyptic vampire chiller that also manages to pack a mean punch .