This film could earn eight Oscar nominations . It 's so much fun . Let 's go see a movie where you smile , and cheer ... and tap your feet a little , too .
The energy is so high in sequences like this -- and there are lots of them -- that it almost does n't matter that we 've seen this story before , in Ray and other film biographies about the `` heartbreak '' of musical stardom .
Condon 's adaptation is polished and enjoyable and yet something is missing from making it a truly great musical movie -- perhaps a more coherent vision or unity .
A musical for people who 've forgotten how to listen , and how to feel
It compares to that other `` legitimate '' musical smash of recent vintage , Chicago . It just does n't have the life or fun of Chicago .
A tight and entertaining musical with a show stealing performance by Jennifer Hudson .
Dreamgirls opened on Xmas day and it was every much of a brilliant holiday movie . I guess the only complaint I have is it is too slick .
There 's a joy on screen -- a love for the material that 's palpable and contagious -- but the material , in the end , lets them down .
... Hudson offers up a seriously underwhelming performance ...
Worse than a movie of the weak -LRB- pun intended -RRB-
You may not be expecting this from a musical , but Dreamgirls is one of the most fast-paced , frenetically-edited , roller-coaster rides of a movie that you 'll see all year .
Dreamgirls is a splashy film with a great cast , strong performances , terrific music and an engrossing , though ... familiar , story .
There 's no faint-praise here . It 's the best film of the year .
Una lujosa producción que , a nivel dramático , tiene la misma profundidad que una telenovela . Eso sí : hay -LRB- alguna -RRB- buena música y una inusual actuación de Eddie Murphy .
Newcomer Jennifer Hudson owns the movie with her magnetic presence and go-tell-it-on-the-mountain voice . * ** ** *
Jennifer Hudson makes her acting debut in Bill Condon 's Dreamgirls , and it 's safe to say the phrase `` star-making turn '' was invented for performances like hers .
Os realizadores exibem exatamente o mesmo preconceito que fingem condenar em seu longa , valorizando mais a estética do que o talento . Hipocrisia , Dreamgirls é seu nome .
I could have happily sat through the first half a second time , though I was barely able to sit through the second half once .
To say that Dreamgirls is the best musical so far this century is to make no great claim for it . To say that it 's the best film about the music business since 1996 's Grace of My Heart and fit to be spoken of in the same breath says more .
... less compelling than the actual history of the Supremes . Similarly , the music felt like faxed-over Motown , a couple of generations less crisp than the original .
A stellar cast , stunning sets and costumes and engaging music make this a modern musical for a new generation .
Few pictures can match the glamorous pull of Dreamgirls . Bill Condon 's first big musical since Chicago is a glossy , gleaming Cadillac of a film with a vintage rhythm and blues engine tuned to perfection . The cast is dressed to kill .
The opening rump-shaking immediately sets the tone : Dreamgirls pulses with sheer exuberance . When was the last time a musical , much less a huge Hollywood production , felt this alive ?
There is no single person or story to centre the drama around , and Murphy 's performance , though widely liked and indeed now Oscar-nominated , is for my money flatly written with very little of the high comedy octane of which we know he is capable .
a mildly engrossing lecture on the pitfalls of fame -- drug abuse , failed marriages and egos run rampant -- all set to the melismatic bellowing of semi-catchy show tunes .
Eddie Murphy is worth the price of admission alone . He is n't so much a masculine stage presence as a walking erection with a quiff .
Entertaining , impressively directed musical drama with a show-stopping , Oscar-nominated performance by Jennifer Hudson .
Any movie that inspires an audience to clap during and after with such incredible performances is definitely worth your money .
An old-school crowd-pleaser in the best Hollywood tradition , Dreamgirls is only let down by its piecemeal structure and nominal leading lady .
The songs themselves are n't memorable so it helps greatly that they 're delivered with gusto . Condon tries to pack too much in , however , and energy flags slightly towards the end . Ultimately it 's Hudson 's passion that keeps the dream alive .
Ardent , accomplished , overwhelmingly emotional , with something to say and a dream cast saying it in song . Bravo .
Marvellous musical entertainment packed with performances to relish and enjoy . Wonderful stuff .
Whatever boldness Condon brings to the project is ultimately sunk by its disappointing lack of human drama in favor of by-the-numbers rise-and-fall theatrics .
It reserves singing and dancing for the stage until Jamie Foxx just randomly bursts into verse while strolling down the street . Dreamgirls wants to be Effie but ends up as Deena : thin , smooth , unburdened by a personality .
A poorly written film with poorly written songs and almost no character development .
-LSB- Condon -RSB- is one of those rare directors who can make theatricality work on film . Rather than stifling it , he embraces it , and the result is sheer exhilaration .
Aside from Jennifer Hudson 's beefy performance , this black r & b musical never conveys much soul .
One can wish for a better , truer , more soulful version of the Motown saga . Or one can grab a seat and be dazzled .
Great performances , great singers , weak music . A mere shadow of Motown 's greatest hits .
Despite forgettable songs , I 'm much more impressed by Dreamgirls than I am by the darling of the new musicals , Rob Marshall 's Chicago .
Ambition , power , passion - plus Beyonce , Jamie Foxx and the extraordinary , Jennifer Hudson , who can belt out a song with so much soul , that it is likely to pierce your heart ...
DREAMGIRLS has its flaws and weaknesses , but it still is a worthy translation of the stage show to the big screen anddefinitely worth a look .
while the soul , rhythm and blues is belted out to perfection by Beyonce and scene stealer Jennifer Hudson , many of the singing scenes tragically feel more like improvised song-speak than choreographed numbers
Given the groundswell of hype surrounding the new Bill Condon musical `` Dreamgirls , '' there 's every reason to expect it to be on par with `` Chicago , '' which was based on Condon 's script . The reality , though , is somewhat different .
Conclusive evidence that the Broadway musical is back as a force on the big screen .
Although every review seems contractually obligated to mention Hudson 's big number , to me Beyoncé 's `` Listen '' is a stronger and more affecting summation of character .
Dreamgirls has the clout to make a Chicago-like run on Oscar night .
... the picture belongs lock-stock-and-barrel to newcomer Jennifer Hudson ...
Show Jimmy some love , Oscar !
Dreamgirls belongs to Hudson . When she sings , the movie transcends its celluloid confines , becoming an experience that is spiritual , impassioned , profound .
Watching Dreamgirls on the big screen feels like an event somehow . Maybe it 's the conviction and passion that the actors bring to their roles .
Dreamgirls is the entire musical package , a triumph of old school on-screen glamour , and we would n't want it any other way .
Elegiac , filthy-minded , unsparing , and as deeply moving as you 'd expect from any de facto story of Peter O'Toole 's life .
It looks and plays like every other glitzy star-bio of the past decade . It has no perspective on anything . Most detrimentally , Dreamgirls ' music has no soul .
An entertaining movie made an event by Murphy -- an actor some have deemed a has-been -- and Hudson -- a newcomer many in the industry misjudged as a never-will .
Unfortunately , nothing else in the film is even in the same galaxy as Hudson 's song -LSB- ` And I Am Telling You I 'm Not Going ' -RSB- .
Hudson goes over-the-top , then tops her over-the-topness , and it is entirely possible the Academy will reward her for her intensity -- but still , is this really acting ?
Dreamgirls '' is a better musical than Chicago or Rent , but then , that is n't really saying much .
A terrifically entertaining , ovation-worthy spectacle that results from the assembled efforts of a gifted , impassioned , invigorated creative crew .
-LSB- The director -RSB- combines solid storytelling , top-notch production design , and stylish camera/editing techniques to make you think of Dreamgirls as less a movie and more a performance .
Murphy delivers both musically and dramatically and I will be shocked if both he and Hudson are n't nominated for Academy Awards .
... while it may not hit the heights like `` Chicago , '' it 's the first musical since then with a shot at scoring with audiences .
Watching Dreamgirls is like being on cloud nine .
It 's a product that promises magic , and yet gives us nothing to live on .
I must toss a bouquet to the amazing American Idol reject Hudson , who sells a song like Garland , only louder , and to Murphy for his terrific interpretation of Early .
When Dreamgirls is behind the mic , it 's Oscar golden . But when it 's powered by anything other than its pipes , say story-telling , it falls flat and hard .
... An uneven success .
With a star turn like -LSB- Jennifer Hudson 's -RSB- at its center , a movie does n't need too much more , but Dreamgirls has plenty to go around .
... The result is a tentativeness that keeps Dreamgirls from becoming the great movie it almost is .
Dreamgirls wraps you up in its music , like a velvet coat of sound , and when it 's over you feel warmed , happy and thoroughly entertained .
... A Christmas Day present to the rest of us .
Sometimes a splashy movie musical can be just the thing .
All in all , Dreamgirls is a dream of a movie , the most we could have wanted after a 25-year wait .
The stuff that works in Dreamgirls works so beautifully that any qualms are swept off the table by moments that ca n't be denied .
Flaws and all , Dreamgirls is certainly a lot more watchable than other recent adaptations of Broadway musicals like Rent , The Producers and The Phantom of the Opera .
This glitzy , infectious and unusually heartfelt musical does n't always hang together as a satisfying narrative -- too many characters compete for too little screen time -- but its pleasures are numerous enough to override its flaws .
Any way you look at it , Dreamgirls works .
Joy is defined as Dreamgirls , an ecstatic dose of pure top-down Motown tight-harmony effervescence that takes a hit Broadway musical about a Chicago girl group and turns it , miraculously , into a Hollywood delight .
The real star here is former American Idol contestant Jennifer Hudson , who manages to steal the movie out from under Murphy , as well as some other big-star performers .
It 's fun . It 's candy . With colorful costumes , often effervescent tunes -LRB- the original production 's Henry Krieger wrote four new ones -RRB- , it 's a champagne cocktail .
Dreamgirls sizzles most of the time , giving us a slightly Broadway-ized look at an important part of the history of American pop music .
Soapy story line , campy dialogue-to-song transitions balanced by top notch production , hardy performances . Overall - good musical fun . Jennifer Hudson break-out rocks !
... The film soars in the right places , especially when powerful newcomer Jennifer Hudson sings , and the charismatic supporting cast keeps it chugging forward .
Any director hoping to capture racism , catfights , and urban decay with music this square , and filmmaking this haphazard , is a fool .
Dreamgirls is like a really fabulous party . The next morning , you do n't remember anything special that happened , but you know you had a blast .
An excellent performance by a relatively unknown soon-to-be-superstar forms the foundation of `` Dreamgirls , '' the cinematic cover of the stage hit .
A dream come true ? Not quite . But enough sass and brass -- plus a crucial touch of class -- to spark dreams of an at-long-last musical revival .
A film that in spite of its shiny veneer actually hits all the high notes through its underlying rawness .
A well-mounted , gloriously eye-filling and often exhilarating entertainment that brings back some of the delicious excitement of the great movie musicals .
What -LSB- director -RSB- Condon can not do is instill in Dreamgirls any beguiling qualities , any magic that would make even those resistant to musicals fall under its spell .
Bill Condon 's screen adaptation of the 1981 Broadway sensation is , if possible , as dazzling and energizing as its source .
If what you value in a movie musical is visual extravagance and a show-stopping performance or two , Dreamgirls will leave you with a feeling of absurd , unreasoning happiness .
The film is constantly moving , but Condon 's camera feels as if it 's anchored next to the energy and enthusiasm of Hudson and Murphy .
If only a few numbers were less screechy , the movie would be solid gold .
You can feel the music down to your soul .
This is a big , brassy , sometimes messy , often electric musical experience .
Condon ... propels Dreamgirls like a freight train , hard-charging and unstoppable .
Nightmare on 42nd Street ... Dreamgirls may have wowed Broadway with its ersatz Supremes hits , but it only made me want to yell , `` Stop , in the name of love ! '' in my Diana Ross wig .
While Dreamgirls does n't quite measure up to Chicago in terms of sheer , self-assured exhilaration , it 's strong and sure enough to be declared a resounding success .
How many of us have a chance to visit Broadway and see an A-quality show ? That 's the experience with Dreamgirls , and there 's something to be said for it .
-LRB- Hudson -RRB- is n't the only person in the movie , just the best ; and the lightweight story about the perils of fame grows significantly heavier -LRB- from a dramatic standpoint -RRB- every time this veritable force saunters across the screen .
Good story and acting . The music is mediocre at best and far too loud . Bring ear plugs .
Jennifer Hudson becomes the take-no-prisoners raison d'etre of this extraordinarily slight soap-opera dance run through a ` Motown for Dummies ' re-imagining of two crucial decades of American popular music .
It is big and showy and loud , but director Bill Condon 's attempts to make the movie more socially relevant than the theatrical production instead just highlight what little soul was there in the first place .
`` Dreamgirls '' is a nightmare .
For the first time in a long time , that familiar gleam in Murphy 's eye shines over something other than the easy money of a gaseous kiddie comedy .
The 1981 Broadway musical lumbers onto the screen saddled with clichés from every showbiz story ever made about the rags-to-riches saga along with songs that ca n't hold a candle to the Motown classics .
everyone walks out talking about how Jennifer Hudson is going to win that Oscar -LRB- and how Urkel looks all grown up ! -RRB- .
It 's Hudson who owns Dreamgirls ; her delivery of `` And I Am Telling You I 'm Not Going '' is worth a standing ovation -- or at least a recount on American Idol -- all by itself .
When I was a little girl , I saw a play that took my breath away and this film adaptation is more than I dreamed it could be .
Dreamgirls may come up short in terms of originality and killer songs , but it wears its big , drippy camp heart on its sleeve .
Good thing movie theaters serve their drinks in paper or plastic , or Jennifer Hudson would be shattering glass at multiplexes all over America . The gal has got some pipes .
Yes , Virginia , there is a holiday movie worth taking your parents to that wo n't bore you silly or give you sugar shock .
Jennifer Hudson 's coming out party !
This is the first important movie musical in decades about African-Americans and the first to deal with the revolution in civil rights and the mainstream success of black pop music .
Dreamgirls is a knockout , no two ways about it , a sizzling adaptation of the successful Broadway musical that is bound to leave audiences howling with pleasure .
Condon has gotten terrific performances from almost everyone here . Knowles lives up to the promise she 's shown in her earlier big-screen warm-ups . And Hudson proves to be as good in her dramatic scenes as she is in the musical ones .
Full of strong performances and outsize musical energy , Dreamgirls has all the makings of a big-time holiday hit , and it deserves to become one .
As much as I appreciated the performances from the terrifically talented cast -- as much as I liked Dreamgirls -- I did n't love it . Maybe it was just a little too slick and over the top for its own good .
Dynamic film with great performances , stunning sets , and gorgeous costumes . Now only if the songs were better .
However , most of the great musicals from the 1930s and '40s did too , and it was the music and dancing which saved them . This is the case here , as well .
It 's a laugh-out-loud moment when a hot R&B song is forever entombed as Pat Boone-style fluff . But that same sort of sanitization and sterilization has been applied to this film . Scrubbed clean for a shiny glow , most of the soul is gone from the story .
It feels superficial -- though I admit it 's a pretty rousing and toe-tapping kind of superficiality .
If my movie reviews had headlines , this one 's would be : `` A Star is Born . '' More like a Supernova .
I can say without reservation that Dreamgirls is a crowd-pleasing film and mean it only in the most positive of senses .
Here 's a movie that 's truly firing on all cylinders and never faltering .
An `` American Idol '' rejectee with no prior screen experience , -LSB- Jennifer Hudson 's -RSB- presence in this film is itself the stuff that musical dreams are made of .
Condon knew what he wanted , and got it : a smooth , shiny showbiz fable .
This story blazes through the Detroit sound , the '60s and '70s , discrimination , betrayal , greed , pride , loyalty and redemption and so much more . It does it with songs and it does it exactly right .
A movie musical that certainly knows how to carry a tune , but is missing a heart .
The movie 's barely good , but the music ? The voices ? The soul ?! Lord , have mercy .
Even beyond its clichéd story and familiar characters , Dreamgirls gets stuck at its most broadly representational level , exploiting even as it means to expose , repeating even as it might have offered something new , something that would give you a r
Who knew Diana Ross was a saint forced by a puppet master to be a star ? For the first time in his career , Eddie Murphy acts ! and Jennifer Hudson steals the movie .
Scream-a-thon .
This year 's Brokeback Mountain in a lot of ways , Dreamgirls is the movie over which it 's impolite not to fawn .
a highly enjoyable , frequently rousing musical soap opera ... undeniably entertaining and -- especially when Hudson takes center stage -- even electrifying .
A lot of razzle-dazzle with very little soul ... this largely novice cast lacks the necessary force of personality to breathe life into their underwritten stock figures . The lone exception is an electrifying Eddie Murphy .
Light , fizzy and bubbling with musical pizzazz .
Fulfills the ecstatic promise inherent in all musicals -- that life can be dissolved into song and dance -- but it does so without relinquishing the toughest estimate of how money and power work in the real world that song and dance leave behind .
As triumphant on the screen as it was on the boards , though like the original , it 's a triumph of style over substance .
-LSB- Condon 's -RSB- affection for the musical goes a long way toward smoothing over the bumpy spots in the narrative , though at times it creates new ones of its own .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Condon paints with such broad , familiar strokes that the film feels generic ; in setting out to tell everyone 's story , Condon ends up telling no one 's .
A production so good it reinvigorates the movie musical , gives it grit and substance and returns it to glory .
It 's not just the best musical of the year -LRB- there 's really no competition -RRB- ; it 's simply one of the best movies .
This year 's King Kong , a reminder of what lavish studio productions can be . It 's Motown meets Broadway in Hollywood , full of energy and moving emotions .
It 's possible to be a very good movie and still be overrated .
Murphy is a revelation as James , and what American Idol castoff Hudson lacks in technical acting craft she makes up for in raw energy and a voice that could melt the rhinestones off a beauty queen .
I 've been going to the movies a long time . This is the first time I ever saw people sit during the closing credits , just so they could cheer when a performer 's name came up .
Dreamgirls is undermined by its stop-start pacing and sketchily developed characters .
Film director Bill Condon keeps that story on track , while cramming the screen with wonderful visual touches .
Who needs catharsis when there 's so much eye-popping , foot-stomping enjoyment to absorb ? Dreamgirls leaves you giddy with sensory pleasure in a way that a serious Diana Ross biopic never , ever will .
Critics and fans could spend hours arguing over director and cast , but it 's hard to imagine many combinations achieving greater success than what Condon has accomplished .
If you can be satisfied skipping along its surface , Dreamgirls fulfills its splashy , superficial promise of glitter , glamour , and sass .
Without a doubt , Hudson delivers the tour-de-force performance of the year , and any and all mileage this film gets as a major awards contender is due pretty much entirely to her .
The production is top-flight all the way , with a detail-attentive lavishness rare these days .
... as Effie White , the Dreamgirl left behind , Jennifer Hudson may have lost American Idol only to have won an Oscar .
The big screen version is a deafening muddle , pulled apart by booming vocal power , melodramatic performances , and zips through time faster than Doc Brown 's De Lorean .
A cliché-riddled storyline populated by unsympathetic characters and songs that repetitively bleed into one another to the point where we curse Motown for the R&B movement altogether .
In terms of enjoying it on the basis of pure showmanship , it 's perhaps the most effective musical transition to the big screen since this current movie musical mini-revival began .
Compare the musical numbers from Dreamgirls with Annie Ross 's smoky , lived-in performances from Short Cuts and the charade of this film becomes especially apparent .
The movie would have us believe that Hudson 's multi-syllabic caterwauling is `` better '' than Beyoncé 's smooth pop , but in actuality , Beyoncé better knows how to sell a song .
Though it beeps and flashes in lots of different colors , it 's not actually that good , or thought through , or well-executed .
Invigorating , emotional , and visually spectacular , Dreamgirls is one of the finest motion pictures of the year .
The energetic songs come fast and quick , Condon and his brilliant cast snapping them out like there 's no shortage .
It 's all about the razzle-dazzle , baby , and this slick flick sizzles , thanks to glossy production values , spectacularly staged musical numbers and Bill Condon 's energetic direction .
Jennifer Hudson is the heart and soul of Dreamgirls . When she 's on the screen , the movie shines . When she 's not , the whole endeavor suffers .
When Jennifer Hudson sings , all 's right with the world .
Lively songs , flabby story .
Lacks the one quality that Marshall 's sub-par Best Picture winner Chicago had going for it - an invigorating , irresistible , knockout score .
It 's loud , with lots of pretty colors , but there 's nothing holding back the melodrama or making it emotionally relevant .
Audiences who go to Dreamgirls will have a good time , but theyll be going for old times sake rather than to encounter anything vital or new .
-LSB- Dreamgirls proves -RSB- again that transforming a hit Broadway musical into an equally spectacular movie is one of the most confounding tricks in show business .
Dazzling - one of the Best Pictures of 2006 . It could rival `` Chicago '' in the upcoming Oscar race . It 's that good !
The corn may be as high as Beyoncé Knowles ' gravity-defying wigs , but you 'll be so carried away by the penny-arcade clamor of light , rhythm and song , you really wo n't care .
With a star turn like that at its center , a movie does n't need too much more , but Dreamgirls has plenty to go around . Its sense of showmanship is overflowing .
Blandoncé Knowles .
-LSB- Hudson -RSB- is ferocious in a role that requires nothing less , reconciling the bombast and the vulnerability ... and making them two sides of the same coin
Dreamgirls is the rare movie musical with real rapture in it .
I have to admit that the film 's spectacular performances and production values will blow you away much of the time -- and for that , Mr. Condon and his many colleagues deserve to be commended .
Flashy , flamboyant and ferocious , Dreamgirls is just plain socko !
Transcends the musical genre with its moving portrayal of how the music business makes and breaks stars .
Dreamgirls is a wonderful entertainment : a musical that , while not skimping on the music , delivers a multi-layered storyline featuring complex characters .
This is Hudson 's movie all the way .
People who hold musicals as dear and inviolate as church doctrine will brook no criticism of this film , while more dispassionate eyes will see flaws stemming from story values sold out .
It 's great to see a movie musical with a smart sense of the genre .
There 's so much excitement around the opening of Dreamgirls ... that I know I 'm going to bring down the room by saying I think it 's just okay . Well , Jennifer Hudson is more than okay .
My guess is that fans of the musical will love it . But it 's a little short on heart and soul , and it is deeply conventional .
`` And I Am Telling You ... '' is going to go down in history as one of cinema 's great musical moments ... and it 's without doubt one of the most electric and amazing moments of 2006 .
Crisp direction by Bill Condon and a stand-up-and-cheer performance by Jennifer Hudson make this flick a dream .
A triumph of execution , of a marvelous narrative and iconic characters , of a dazzling score and a winning production design .
When she sings ` And I Am Telling You I 'm Not Going ' -- one of the most heartfelt cries of pain ever written for a musical -- Hudson inscribes her name on an Oscar .
Besides the high-energy music , the story grapples meaningfully with intense human drama , racial issues and the theme of art versus commerce .
As movie versions of hit Broadway musicals go , Bill Condon 's Dreamgirls is more Chicago than Rent .
The movie belongs to Hudson as the proud , self-destructive Effie . When she 's center stage , Dreamgirls transports you to movie musical heaven .
The thing that really sticks with you about the Dreamgirls experience is that there is a real joy of performance and show business and artistry .
A musical with energy and talent to burn but missing its heart .
Stays true to the source material while standing on its own as a fully reimagined movie .
This baby dazzles like nothing else anywhere .
A beautiful disaster .






@highlight

Dreamgirls ' simple characters and plot hardly detract from the movie 's real feats : the electrifying performances and the dazzling musical numbers .