One need n't be a splatter junkie to miss Romero 's marshalling of action across multiple theaters . But the maestro finds a way to slay intellectual and aesthetic antsiness with the same bullet .
Not the best but certainly far from the worst of Romero 's series of accounts of an epidemic of dead people coming to life to eat the living .
In Romero 's apocalypse , the brutish and soulless hold sway , and that 's just the humans .
Trenchantly implicates the media into the ongoing apocalypse that in previous Dead chapters already included family , capitalism , the military , class divides
A sly but low-level zombie movie for the YouTube crowd .
It 's rough around the edges , dirty in the middle , and stained through with a sort of nihilistic humanism that ultimately unsettles more than the lurching undead themselves .
For Romero , someone who still retains respect and admiration for previous work , Diary of the Dead points to the realization that it is time to close the door on zombie movies and move to other horror subjects .
Once again the master of the independent genre film manages to bring something fresh and worthy to the table .
I hate to say this -- partly because I do n't want it to be true and partly because it 's such a terrible pun -- but could the zombie movie finally be dead ?
Everything that CLOVERFIELD did right , this does wrong .
Diary of the Dead , even for zombie diehards like my little group -LRB- we watched Shadow : Dead Riot , for pete 's sake -RRB- , was not very good at all . I mourn .
We want to high-five Romero for finding new ways to off his lifeless marauders .
O pior dos `` filmes de zumbis '' comandados por Romero , expõe a falta de sintonia do cineaste com a linguagem moderna , empalidecendo especialmente ao ser comparado com esforços similares como Cloverfield e , particularmente , o espanhol -LSB- REC -RSB- .
Overall , a welcome addition to the living dead cycle .
If you did n't know that Romero himself directed this film , you would think it had been fashioned by some brilliant young wunderkind director , reared on Romero 's work and eager to stake out his own claim to the territory .
Probably the best zombie movie since 1978 's ` Dawn of the Dead . '
Not only the most satisfying motion picture Romero has made in a long while , but one of the best of his career .
Diary of the Dead Bites the Hand that Feeds Us
The fifth installment of Romero 's zombie series is dark , creepy and funny .
endiaferon ston bathmo poy epizita to simeio kampsis tis ikanotitas mas na ksehorizoyme ti bia piso ap ' tin othoni apo ti bia pantoy gyro mas , anti na prospathei na genikeysei tin dipsa gia ysterofimia poy empotizei stoys iroes toy
The combination of horror , humor , and mockumentary works well in this movie .
It 's clever , or at least clever enough to keep you going and interested from start to finish . It just is n't scary .
The results are about what you might expect from a student filmmaker operating without a budget or a script - crude and amateurish , with occasional -LRB- and possibly unintentional -RRB- flashes of brilliance . ` Diary ' is no different .
Romero 's film is ugly , but then reflections on society always are ...
The chilling and relevant film Land tried to be , but never quite was .
George A. Romero 's Diary of the Dead proves there 's still some life left in the veteran filmmaker 's long-running , zombie-movie series .
Fails to come up with anything fresh or particularly frightening .
What saves the film is Romero 's peerless command of the language of gore .
This is hardly a new idea by now , and Romero does it to death with ponderous musings about camcorder culture and the ethics of stopping to look , not to help . Intermittent fun , though .
The opening news-report sequence is very strong . But from there on in ... well , what more is there to say about the zombie genre and its metaphors for our undead society ?
The horror is toothily familiar .
Disappointing but also bracing , and it ends with the question that has motivated all Romero 's work : ` Are we worth saving ? '
The zombies may be dead but George Romero 's taste for social commentary certainly is n't in Diary of the Dead , the latest instalment in his long-running walking corpse series .
Like the recent ` Cloverfield ' , Romero uses the kinetic immediacy of digital video shot on-the-run , but in a more sophisticated and disturbing way .
An enthusiastic cast are partially up to the challenge , but some of the thesping belongs on a Straight-to-Video shelf .
A raw , vivid despatch from the frontline , this melds content with frights in classic Romero style . An outstanding exercise in showing the kids how to do it .
It 's a shame to speak ill of the dead , but Romero leaves us no alternative .
Disappointing zombie movie , let down by some appalling acting and a script that fails to do anything useful or interesting with its central set-up .
What undermines the movie is a streak of moralizing undercutting the humor that 's a vital ingredient to any good zombie flick .
Diary wields its `` criticism '' of bloggers and MySpace addicts as if it were the bludgeon and you the brain-feeder .
sees the writer/director well and truly back from the dead and returning to his independent roots , with a small , character-based production that is intelligent , bleak , and at times jarringly funny .
An inspired work , rich with clever satire and sly satiric references to our current political landscape .
Playful but more thoughtful -- too obviously so -- than most other stalker slashers , ` Diary of the Dead ' ratchets up its own punditry .
-LSB- Romero 's -RSB- zombies may still lumber about -- hallelujah -- but his ideas and filmmaking skills are as agile and smart as ever .
Even if it 's the least brainy of Romero 's zombie films , it might well be the scariest .
That 's right , folks -- at 68 , Romero has finally discovered this newfangled invention called the Internet and he thinks it 's pretty darn cool . And you know what ? So is the movie .
If Romero ever made use of a good script doctor , he 'd have a combination of satire , scares , and gore that would be hard to beat . As it is , we have to settle for a rough-around-the-edges B movie .
This is serious stuff that 's done with serious élan from a young cast . There is sensational exhibition in Romero 's filming technique , and in pushing the zombie envelope , the director makes a poignant statement on our selfish , fear-based society .
A fine concept executed with disappointing ends .
In just the opening minutes , Romero reveals more filmmaking smarts than most horror films display in two hours .
Hardly top-drawer Romero . In fact , it may be his worst zombie film yet . But even bad Romero is a far sight more interesting than the coolly sadistic guts-porn that currently passes for mainstream horror .
It plays like Cliff 's Notes of the political themes Romero has already explored more effectively with his other movies .
One might think that another zombie movie from writer/director George A. Romero would be superfluous , a rehash of the many he has made since 1968 's seminal Night of the Living Dead , but one would be wrong .
Never scary but frequently cartoonish in its sour humor , Diary of the Dead ca n't even figure out if it wants to be taken seriously or as a poor , unfunny spoof .
A polarizing meditation on life and death in the infinitely mediated world of blogs , file sharing and incessant virtual connection .
Romero turns his no-frills production into an asset .
It 's one of the least scary films that -LSB- Romero 's -RSB- made -- but still entertaining , and very , very gory .
Even a legend 's got to make a living , sure . But Diary , for all its core audience appeal , feels like a filmmaker lurching slowly down a path he 's already worn out .
Romero 's zombie films are notable for their embedded social commentary . Diary is no exception .
This time out , -LSB- Romero 's -RSB- heavy-handed intellectual concerns get in the way of a perfectly good fright flick .
A movie in which victims wander as aimlessly as their undead stalkers .
It seems sacrilegious to dismiss a zombie movie by Romero , who 's been blending horror and satire since 1968 's Night of the Living Dead . But his latest approach feels uncomfortably behind the curve .
Shot on a low budget with mostly unknown actors , Diary of the Dead is n't exactly involving on a dramatic level : You really never care who lives or dies , a fatal flaw for any horror film .
The movie suffers from the same malaise Romero diagnoses in society . It 's just too mediated to be scary , despite its zeal for gore . You ca n't feel the characters ' fear , and they do n't seem to feel it either .
Romero 's latest zombie movie ditches the subtext but retains the ability to frighten .
Few things are as intolerable as schlock that takes itself seriously . Diary of the Dead , the latest zombie epic from George Romero , falls into that trap .
Every new Romero film is an occasion for me . But he looks too much like a follower with Diary -- several years behind the pace at that .
There are zombie movies and then there are George Romero films .
Full zombie satisfaction .
The message is muddled , but the zombie master still knows how to make a gripping , graphic , grossly funny horror flick .
Even as a zombie film , it comes across not as something new , but as something warmed-over .
The way Diary of the Dead chooses to deliver its gore , you know you 're in the hands of a grown-up uninterested in the excesses of the Saw or Hostel pictures .
Romero may have something to say , but if he 's going to be saying it like this the only zombies he 's going to find are the ones past out in the theater from disappointed disgust .
We get that this is supposed to be from the perspective of a film major , but did Romero have to make it so painfully authentic ?
George A. Romero 's Diary of the Dead goes light on the fright but heavy on the polemics .
-LSB- Its -RSB- joys stand alone and isolated amid a well-intentioned film that never quite connects the dots .
Fortifying your horror film with an intellectual subtext is all well and good - Romero was one of the first to show how this could be done - but you might want to also make sure it 's frightening .
As formally dazzling , thematically resonant and darkly funny as anything that Romero has ever done before and yes , there are even plenty of satisfyingly icky moments to behold as well .
You may not believe in zombies , but the unnamed dread in the air of Diary of the Dead is recognizably believable , because we live with it now .
Moderately scary , moderately amusing , intermittently dull and obvious , Diary of the Dead is not groundbreaking , nor even ground-quaking .
Here , the zombies are less a threat than the information age itself .
Diary of the Dead works much better as a horror film than as social commentary . Which is no shortcoming - a good scare is a good scare , no matter what the medium in which it 's delivered .
The urgency of the -LSB- first-person -RSB- perspective plus the general sense of hopelessness for humanity add up to a sense of despair .
... if you 're doing to destroy the population of the Steel City you may as well do it with some style ! The true Death of Death here is apathy .
Romero has never been Welles , but to sign off on this script and these performances demonstrates a disturbing lack of competence from the filmmaker , resulting in ham-fisted scenes of conflict and distress , some bathed in a sickening self-referential glaze
Whether news crews or film students , these are people who know how to use a camera , so they frame things correctly and even edit their footage . Sometimes , they even use tripods !
a full-blooded satire
The motivations of the citizens are n't necessarily altruistic , but that fits nicely with Romero 's balance of pragmatism and ambiguity .
Romero proves that , blank slates as they may be , zombies do have a limit when it comes to serving as carriers for his increasingly heavy-handed messages .
The times have changed , but -LSB- Romero 's -RSB- unflinching portrait of humanityâ -LRB- TM -RRB- s innately self-destructive tendencies hasnâ -LRB- TM -RRB- t frayed a bit .
This one belongs with the leaders of the scare pack . Is n't it time that we give Romero his due ? It 's hardly an accident that Stephen King , Quentin Tarantino , Guillermo del Toro , Simon Pegg and Wes Craven recognize Romero as a master . He is .
Although the matters on Romero 's mind weigh heavy , the movie he 's made is anything but heavy-handed . Clocking in at a svelte 95 minutes , Diary of the Dead zips along .
Though the premise requires a fair amount of indulgence , it also allows Romero to recapture the indie spirit of his landmark debut .
Ultimately , the unanswered -- and possibly unconsidered -- question is if Romero is lambasting the exploitation of death , how does that reconcile with his entire career ?
I endured this redundant zombie movie and all I got was this lousy headache .
Romero still has plenty of his own ideas here , as well as some wonderful moments of humor .
It 's George Romero 's most bluntly pessimistic film since Night of the Living Dead , which is saying something .
-LSB- Drowns -RSB- its predecessors ' virtues in what feels like an endless Mad Lib of Wired magazine buzzwords ... If America 's defining doomcryer is right that today 's audiences need this much spoon-feeding , then his latest and least film is scarier than it seems .
As horror , Diary of the Dead delivers the gross-out goods , but only the gullible will confuse these ritualized shock-videogame tactics with something relevant .
Deserves a place in the horror movie canon . Right beside -LSB- Romero 's -RSB- legendary zombies-in-a-shopping-mall satire Dawn of the Dead .
You 'll scream , all right -- but not from fright .
George Romero 's zombie franchise has definitely run out of brains as well as steam .
The devil 's in the details , and Diary is diabolically resourceful within its circumscribed framework .
It may be matter of opinion whether Romero spins his wheels or finds fresh ideas in the fifth entry of the franchise , but he 's well-versed in the genre 's new conventions post-Blair Witch .
There 's enough social commentary -LRB- and innovative splatter -RRB- to acidulate the brew -- to remind you that Romero , even behind the curve , makes other genre filmmakers look like fraidy-cats .
Zombie-fetish Romero 's fiend-friendly , flesh famished , eating disorder undead hordes collide with camcorder and online blog holocaust analysts . Cloverfield meets No Country For Old Men .
Romero sticks to his theme in its simplest formulation , which is an endless stream of zombie enounters , escapes , losses , and bickering about what to do . What part have n't you seen before ?
-LSB- Succeeds -RSB- in large part thanks to Romero 's expert , guerilla-style HD craftsmanship and his knack for repeatedly generating and sustaining tension .
Some filmmakers do their best work when they do n't have much money and their back is against the wall .
Romero must stop making this crap . Rent Eli Roth 's `` Cabin Fever . '' George , see my advice for the next installment .
Romero , with an unerring sense of the puckish in the macabre , teases out the absurdity of people dealing with a twist to their lives for which there is no paradigm , and mines it for all it 's worth
Through its clever advancements of the zombie genre and its consistently surprising series of set pieces , -LSB- it -RSB- earns the right to stand alongside anything that Romero has made .
Given the uncritical eye of some of his fans , Diary of the Dead proves one thing : It 's the audience that 's becoming the zombies now .
This time out , the elements seem particularly impassioned and conscientiously formed .
The worst and most seriously disappointing of all the Dead movies.The whole premise is botched ... badly -LSB- and -RSB- the audience continuously and rudely gets yanked from the experience of the movie .
Romero has certainly peppered Diary of the Dead with a number of expectedly suspenseful and downright engrossing moments ...
HD seems to have reawakened in Romero a sense of mischief .
Gore 's godfather audaciously and successfully reboots his incalculably influential zombie franchise as a lean , mean teen-survival machine .
This Living Dead exercise delivers far less monstrosity and a great deal of pomposity , not to mention dull characters who are n't nearly as lively as those dead guys .
The writing is awful and the acting is atrocious , almost on a par with something we might see in the After Dark Horror Fest . I never thought I 'd see the day where I fault a zombie movie for being unrealistic .
While it would be great to see Romero finish off his Dead saga some day , we can only hope that the next installment will have more to offer than a just shaky camera .
The most labyrinthine and multifaceted of Romero 's Dead films .
So yeah , it 's a zombie flick crossed with the visual approach of The Blair Witch Project . But it 's also quite a bit more than that .







@highlight

As Diary of the Dead proves , time has n't subdued George A. Romero 's affection for mixing politics with gore , nor has it given him cinematic grace or subtlety .