There are moments around the halfway point where the gags lose steam , but the satisfying mishmash of broad and dry humor does the trick more often than not .
The most hilarious character in the film though is n't played by Will Ferrell or Mark Wahlberg , but Hannibal Buress ' repair-man that freeloads off the family , interrupting every conversation at the most inopportune time with the most random dialogue
The dadzillas put you to sleep with their cliched humour as they make desperate attempts to win over their children .
Genuine heart and sweet sentiments tend to get lost on more than a few occasions strictly so that chicanery can occur .
Ground-breaking , this is n't : it 's out-and-out commercial comedy . But it 's well acted , undemanding and delivers a decent supply of laughs in a refreshingly brief running time .
Daddy 's Home is not entertaining . It 's a lazily executed painful waste of talented performers .
Watching the kids take second place to a cage match featuring two immature gorillas grows more tiresome by the minute .
It 's Ferrell and Wahlberg who keep this engine revving like it does , a statement that should n't come as a shock for all of those who watched the pair 's 2010 hit The Other Guys .
Daddy 's Home is the white bread of family comedies , stuffed with everything you 've seen before .
A chocolates-out , phone-off binge of Ted , Old School and The Other Guys will give you more satisfaction .
All in all , when the kids are disappointed that `` Star Wars '' is sold out , you can have a little fun with them here
You wait for a hint of Ferrell wickedness or a sign of potent Wahlberg meanness to really zing us , but get a high-school comedy which has been neutered to a harmless , toothless PG13 rating .
Unfortunately , it 's a lot of family dysfunction to wade through for a meagre pay-off .
Begins with an interesting premise but does not pack in enough satire into its contrived and predictable screenplay .
The closest we 've come to a Will Ferrell Greatest Hits movie - not at all a bad thing .
Aside from a bit of mild toilet humour , Daddy 's Home is a traditional Hollywood seasonal comedy in the mould of National Lampoon 's Christmas Vacation , and Planes , Trains & Automobiles .
The Other Guys co-stars Will Ferrell and Mark Wahlberg return to the big screen together in a film that ends up offering very little comedic relief or originality in Sean Anders ' painfully formulaic comedy , Daddy 's Home .
It 's symptomatic of the production 's limpness that the movie was shot , for tax-credit reasons , in New Orleans , yet the locations have been scrubbed to a funk-free suburban anonymity .
This movie feel extremely long and repetitive despite its hour-and-a-half lenght , something deeply worrying given that comedies are supposed to make you laugh , which Daddy 's home fails at . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Somewhere hidden in this film there is a good comedy . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Daddy 's Home manages to succeed thanks to Will Ferrell , experienced comedian that once again stays in his comfort zone to do what he does best : amuse others with his characteristic jokes , comments and gestures . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
What 's the target audience ? It 's really innapropriate for a family film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Sadly , not even the great performances ca n't save its awful script . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Daddy 's Home insists on staying in common ground and to make matters worse , his argument is unable to build paths that culminate in moments of laughter . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The usual formula is used to make this a generic but fun comedy . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
There is no doubt that Will Ferrell and Mark Wahlberg connect on screen . See them interact together has its charm but not enough to make us burst into laughter . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Predictably stupid and hopelessly obnoxious ...
Slapstick comedy that really does n't do anything new for the genre . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
What keeps Daddy 's Home watchable is Wahlberg 's checkmate machismo , as the intimidating foil necessary for Ferrell 's namby-pambyism to register . It 's like watching Andy Samberg 's SNL impersonation of tough guy Mark Wahlberg , a self-parody of a spoof .
It has its share of laughs , even though they may not be memorable ones .
The second pairing of Will Ferrell and Mark Wahlberg is n't as funny as their first offering , The Other Guys , but it 's still funny enough to warrant a look .
An odd mix of sentimental family warmth and gross-out antics , this comedy does n't have the courage of its own convictions , which means that it 's not quite funny enough to keep the audience fully entertained .
That 's one problematic comedy .
Watch if you enjoy watching talented people waste their time , and also enjoy wasting yours .
The movie wo n't earn Ferrell any new fans , but it 's a safe bet if you like his type of humor . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
While the pair of them look like they might just perhaps be able to make this highly improbable and dubiously conservative nonsense vaguely amusing , they do n't .
a series of predictable and pedestrian scenarios , including a morbidly obvious comparison between the two gentlemen 's organs of generation that will color your thinking about Patrick Stewart forever .
There are a few good laughs scattered about , but with these stars it should have been a lot funnier .
While sweet and occasionally waggish , it 's too predictable to transcend mindless entertainment .
The takeout for parents ? Well , you 'll probably realise you are doing a lot better than either of these bozos .
Surprisingly sweet and sneakily hilarious , Daddy 's Home will pleasantly surprise you when it lets loose .
Daddy 's Home wo n't surprise anyone with its casting or with its simplistic plot of two dads fighting for the affections of their kids . Yet , the filmmakers keep the acutely comic curveballs coming , and curiosity convinces us to continue .
There 's just enough of that kind of oddness to keep Daddy 's Home recognizably , and acceptably , Ferrellesque .
Ferrell , though , has a genuinely subversive quality as a comedian . He looks and seems bland in the extreme but his behaviour is frequently outrageous .
`` Daddy 's Home '' delivers a fun setup and a handful of exclamation points but fails to deliver on its potential .
Wahlberg and Ferrell comprised a fun odd couple pairing in their last shared screen outing , 2010 ′ s The Other Guys , but here , forced into such restrictive parts and appearing rather bored as a result , they ca n't repeat the same feat twice .
Disposable , dopey humor designed to make you laugh out loud in the theater but to leave no lasting effect once the closing credits have rolled .
The jokes are n't really good enough and the outcome is far too predictable to cover for the lack of laughs .
Ferrell and Wahlberg extract every laugh in their gladiatorial dad-combat and there are some laugh-out-loud set-pieces , including Brad 's disastrous attempt to impress his children during a national basketball game .
It 's predictable and often drearily formulaic fare , stretching what is essentially a single sketch joke to feature film length , with the spectre of inevitable emotional resolution always lurking in the background .
Even though the cast does make the film fun , make no mistake , this is about as contrived a film as they come .
Fitfully entertaining , and even more rarely actually funny , `` Daddy 's Home , '' tellingly , only really comes alive in the very last portion of the third act , when Brad and Dusty put aside their differences and start working together .
Aside from the moments in which Ferrell 's naïve step-dad foolishly takes on a half-pipe or a powerful motorbike , there 's little in Daddy 's Home that will linger a week or so after viewing .
If it all ends in cornball reconciliation , the dumb , fuzzy smile it leaves suggests it 's well earned .
This is the type of comedy Steve Martin would have made in his heydey . Strongly recommended .
Will Ferrell and Mark Wahlberg go together like candy and whiskey .
Daddy 's Home is a formulaic Will Ferrell comedy , but enough jokes hit their mark to make it a passable one , when all is said and done .
It has enough laughs , big and small , to earn a slight recommendation . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Sex , Profanity , Violence , etc. - Also Available -RRB-
... emphasizes broad slapstick and low-brow gags at the expense of genuine emotion .
A generic comedy as lazy and aggravating as its title .
Ferrell is a master at playing well intentioned but bumbling bozos , and he gives `` Daddy 's Home '' a warm heart it would n't otherwise possess .
It is best avoided unless a movie that has the attitude and mind-set of a schoolyard bully happens to be your thing .
It 's step-dad vs. bio-dad in this saggy , draggy comedy , too raunchy for kids and not funny enough for grown-ups .
One spends most of Daddy 's Home wondering if mom would n't be better off if she just dropped both men from her life and found someone new .
`` Daddy 's Home '' is a movie just smart enough about being dumb .
If you 're looking for a film that 's just about guaranteed to make you feel good , you 'd be well advised to drop by `` Daddy 's Home . ''
There are a few laughs here and there .
Predictable and cheesy , but ... funny and heartfelt enough for you to forgive its foibles .
Veers drunkenly in quality , unable to be pinned down as a time-waster or occasional winner .
Thoroughly pedestrian in both conception and execution when it 's not downright offensive .
Such a hit-and-miss mess that it makes the wild-and-crazy-to-the-point-of-sometimes-flailing tenor of `` Anchorman '' and other such Ferrell vehicles feel like finely-tuned Logitech vehicles .
The problem with `` Daddy 's Home '' is that it takes a nasty premise , best suited to a farce or a harsh satire , and tries to make a heartwarming comedy out of it . This not only does n't work , it ca n't work . It 's not possible .
Like other comedies co-written and/or directed by Sean Anders , it 's fitfully amusing and , given that quality , a little too sure of itself .
The denouement ... is actually quite charming and relatively hilarious , but the 90 minutes of buildup is a bit of a slog .
`` Daddy 's Home '' is a movie with a one-joke premise : Will Ferrell , he 's a pincushion of punishment . Make him screech . Watch him squirm .
Had the lead roles been reversed , this might have worked as a comedy , but that would have required a certain level of imagination and engagement .
A twist on Ferrell 's much funnier Step Brothers , it 's content to be a pale reminder of the actor 's more inspired work .
-LSB- Daddy 's Home , -RSB- while never really transcending its TV-night premise , does deliver its share of decent laughs .
It 's hard to root for either of these pathetic , occasionally obnoxious characters .
Consider it a predictable movie with flashes of unpredictability .
It just feels like the writers are waiting for Ferrell and Wahlberg to spin straw into gold -- which sometimes they do , but not nearly enough to make the movie good .
Daddy 's Home is one of those comedies that is not terribly good , but not nearly as terrible as it might have been .
Everybody in the movie is basically decent at heart , so rather than a kind of parental Cold War , we get a bipartisan patriarchy . The trailers promised America v. Russia . The film delivers Belgium .
First and foremost a humiliation comedy of the most cringe-inducing variety . But in its vulgar , antic way , it also raises questions about modern manhood ...
Anders had many opportunities to pit the dads against each other directly , but trades in the cheesy , expected route for devious mind games ...
`` Daddy 's Home '' is a colossal misfire , and one with potential , but someone , somewhere decided to keep it safe with Ferrell and Wahlberg , which does n't play to their strengths .
There are some laugh-out-loud moments in Daddy 's Home , but there are more scenes that will have you rolling your eyes so much , you might give yourself a headache .
This is a flat , forced unnecessarily crass , not-so-family-friendly comedy .
The result is a film that has a good heart but no strong humor .
Daddy 's Home is the uncool stepfather who just never fits in - except he does n't try very hard , and accepts being second-rate .
The odd-couple comedy duo of Ferrell & Wahlberg enlivens this mostly tedious comedy , which has hints of a darker , more interesting film lurking underneath .
There 's a soft , sweet spot in the middle of the yuks , about parents and kids and the realities of divorce -- about how families take teamwork , how parenting is hard and no two dads are the same .
Though Will Ferrell has made a career out of his own debasement , the film quickly becomes too cruel to generate laughter for anyone who would empathize with him .
The world needs great Will Ferrell comedies . Unfortunately , this is n't one of them .
An unappealing combination of disingenuous family-comedy lessons and vulgar adult humor , neither of which succeeds .
Sometimes we all need a dose of nonsense , and this zany comedy fits the bill perfectly with its continual stream of hilarious jousting between Will Ferrell and Mark Wahlberg
An oddly limited film .
The fact that Dusty is actually a bit of a sad sack is something a smarter movie could have developed . But director Sean Anders 's film tells a basic story in which strutting males repeatedly lock horns to varying degrees of comic effect .
Ferrell and Wahlberg make a perfect double act .
To be fair , Ferrell is almost always at least mildly funny , even when doing something as lame as skateboarding into a power line , but Wahlberg 's cowboy shtick just seems half-hearted .
Daddy 's Home is a one-trick pony , and that trick - an effortlessly cool Wahlberg emasculating a beleaguered Ferrell - just is n't fresh or funny enough to sustain a 95-minute movie .
The first PG-13 comedy from R-rated laffer auteur Sean Anders -LRB- `` Horrible Bosses 2 , '' `` That 's My Boy '' -RRB- winds up an unpalatable mix with little to satisfy families or anyone who likes to laugh .
Not a movie that mommies , daddies or their charges should bother to leave the house to see .
A few laughs ca n't save crass Ferrell/Wahlberg comedy .
Not top tier Ferrell but good for a few laughs . Inoffensive family fun .
It 's tired in concept , flimsy in structure , and it only on occasion suggests that anything is being satirized .
Mixing a message with mirth can be a recipe for trouble , but Daddy 's Home manages to make some subtle points about the qualities of a good father , while also providing a deeply funny reunion between two of Hollywood 's biggest stars .
An irresistible pairing in a hollow display case of a movie .
The broad comedy is sporadically funny , although watching the humiliations being heaped on nice-guy Brad does get a bit exhausting .
So good together in 2010 's action-spoof The Other Guys , Mark Wahlberg and Will Ferrell 's second comedic marriage never truly gels .
Generally amusing but deeply predictable ... It lacks the loopy excess of Ferrell and Wahlberg 's previous collaboration , 2010 's cop comedy The Other Guys .
There 's no denying that this is Ferrell and Wahlberg 's film though and despite its somewhat formulaic and completely predictable plot , they 're given plenty of moments to shine .
Clichés about good dads and bad boys go beyond the cheap and obvious and into the insulting . There 's nothing unexpected or even mildly amusing here .
Well , it 's not awful .
Daddy 's Home essentially takes one joke and spreads it very thinly over its 96-minute runtime . It may occasionally make you chuckle , but it is also entirely forgettable .
In all Daddy 's Home is a hollow construction .
Lame Ferrell , through some weird freak of his talent , tends to be the best Ferrell , and despite the film 's general mediocrity in most departments ... his floundering star turn delivers the goods .
-LSB- A -RSB- thoroughly daft but good-hearted comedy ...
It 's by-numbers filmmaking that rarely adds up to anything worth the price of admission .

@highlight

Will Ferrell and Mark Wahlberg have proven comedic chemistry , but Daddy 's Home suffers from a dearth of genuinely funny ideas - and lacks enough guts or imagination to explore the satirical possibilities of its premise .