That the latest in Allen 's record-breaking annual output of films manages not to send itself up but to engage pretty much throughout owes a lot to a terrific leading man in Joaquin Phoenix .
Admittedly , this does run out of steam in the second half but the film channels Dostoevsky amusingly , has echoes of both Michael Douglas 's Wonder Boys and Allen 's own Crimes And Misdemeanours -- and saves up a neat twist for the end .
Irrational Man , upon closer inspection , feels like a minor reinvention .
Coming out of Irrational Man , it 's hard to shake a sense of purposelessness .
A Woody Allen cynical meaning of life film about a burned out philosophy professor .
Irrational Man is the newest from our most erratic director and , alas , it 's almost all bits that do n't work .
This Rhode Island-shot film has its pleasures : interesting actors , philosophical chitchat , an appealing academic setting .
As is often the case with Allen 's narratives , the morality issues at work here reflect what seems to be the director 's own conviction -- that conventional standards of good and evil should not be imposed on brilliant people like Abe ... or himself .
It 's a picture so dire , its problems so base and elementary , that I 'm honestly not sure Allen still has good ones in him .
It wo n't surprise anyone looking for something new from Allen , but you can find some of the themes in his other work with a different focus . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's the Woodman 's worst since Melinda and Melinda .
It might not be Woody 's best film , but it 's a refreshing and reflexive comedy with Allens touch of acid dark humor . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A frequently funny crime movie that pairs one of Hollywood 's great storytellers with one of its great performers .
Allen 's suspenseful movie is so cynically narrated , it soon morphs into an existential comedy of an improbably high order .
Allen gives us another big profile of a read , successful and sinister man , one of his great strengths as an author . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An excellent comedy with the usual Woody Allen 's themes , but with a great mastery of suspense . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Woody Allen does what he does best and the result is effective and entertaining . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A blithe and chipper drawing-room comedy that , in a deliciously perverse way , plays with notions of chance and karma and very bitter irony .
Irrational Man is far from being Allen 's best film , but it has interesting drama to keep you entertained . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Irrational Man is one of Allen 's lesser film , however , it 's still better than anything else on theatres right now . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Defineately not the best work by Allen . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film lacking inspiration that feels like recycled ideas from previous Woody Allen films . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's not the best Woddy Allen film , but at least its entertaining enoguh by commercial cinema standards . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Poorly developed characters make it hard for us to take seriously their actions and believe the story . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Woody Allen has the hability to keep surprising with complex and smart movies . This is n't the case . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
If you have seen a couple films of the director , you will probably enjoy the film for its intelligent and nonsense story . However , the fans will know in advance what they 'll see . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A minor film about a straight , white and privileged guy that complains about life ... like many other Woody Allen characters . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Although far from perfect , Irrational Man shows that Woody Allen keeps looking for new ways to express the ideas that have been eating at him forever . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
As always , Allen is a master in portraying the hypocrisy of the middle class , but this time the synergy of the actors does n't live up to the effect of the ensemble casts of his other films .
The film is well made and there are good performances , and I did like the ending . However , I did feel a bit slimed by this film . The misogyny and the disregard for morality are troubling .
Irrational Man is a visually plain and simple film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Irrational Man is turgid to the point of ridiculousness and absurdly anachronistic ...
There are some funny one liners , the plot , although derivative , will have you engaged from start to finish and overall it 's an enjoyable ride .
At its most basic level -LSB- Irrational Man -RSB- is , like 2005 's Match Point , a murder drama . This time around , though , the satisfactions are relatively few .
Irrational Man plays like a page-turning short story that enraptures and then leaves you .
Allen is a first rate comedian but a second-hand philosopher and the insights of Irrational Man are hardly worth the trouble .
The first word spoken in ` Irrational Man ' is ` Kant . ' As in ` I Kant believe Woody Allen is name-dropping philosophers again . '
Incessantly to a Ramsey Lewis score that quickly goes from memorable to overused , the mystery is why Allen bothered to do this movie in the first place .
Woody Allen is back to referencing himself , his obsessions and questioning the ethics of his protagonist . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An engaging and darkly funny comedy-drama that feels like Crimes and Misdemeanors filtered through Match Point .
Clunky , contrived and embarrassingly overwritten - a philosophical exercise rather than an engaging motion picture .
Seems like Woody Allen is still off his game . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Its pseudo-intellectual musings are at least compellingly executed by a talented cast able to rise above the more rote machinations of Allen 's late-period work .
As the story progresses it is clear it does not amount to a great deal , lacking the resonance and drama of Allen 's recent classic Blue Jasmine . Still , Stone is terrific alongside Phoenix and it is never dull .
This is terribly pedestrian .
It 's a distinctly patchy affair , tightly sprung in places , limp in others ... yet all the same there is something weirdly compelling about the film .
Irrational Man is one of Woody Allen 's most disconcerting films of recent times -- a very dark story told in a breezy and playful way .
It could be worse .
Woody Allen 's films not only split into one of two genres these days - funny or not funny - they 've also begun to repeat the tropes and themes of earlier , more successful efforts .
Irrational Man is strictly one for Allen die-hards only .
A whip-smart dramedy about murder and moral purpose .
Allen aims for the deliciously dark pleasures of Crimes and Misdemeanours but winds up with the dull cloddishness of Match Point .
A thriller in the key of Woody . The `` same old , same old '' but still entertaining .
Tart as it is , the film ca n't entirely crack the nut of how to tell a story about ennui without the audience shrugging too .
Too much of the film feels one-note - like a cursory sketch rather than a developed idea .
It 's not Woody 's best work but it 's still a delightful black comedy with a few observations to make about fate and justice .
Woody Allen works through familiar themes of secrecy , murder , morality and personal responsibility , extracting those fluid , naturalistic performances from his cast that have become his signature .
Allen 's creative freedom is something to be celebrated , but its benefits are n't always passed along to the viewing public .
A mostly satisfying narrative that benefits from the gifted ensemble of players ...
A very contained , very -LSB- small -RSB- particle of Woody Allen 's huge cinematic universe ... Irrational Man is a minor work in a minor key , with just enough charm to make it a passable expenditure of your time .
Poderia ter sido muito bom caso soubesse que tipo de história gostaria de contar .
... Irrational Man comes off as the latest misguided endeavor from Allen ...
... a dramatic trifle that marks one of the venerable filmmaker 's more trivial efforts .
Irrational Man is involving , but it feels inadequate .
While this is surely not the worst of Allen , it is certainly not one of his best . Even so , to visit a Woody Allen movie at least once a year is a worthwhile thing to do .
Irrational Man -LRB- 2015 -RRB- , Stone plays a WASPy pawn in the perfect-murder plot of a college professor played by Joaquin Phoenix . It 's a story we 've seen from Allen before ... but yet again offers Stone no real showcase for her talents .
Though the dialogue is clunky and often emptily eloquent in the extreme , there is something quite unpredictable about Abe 's quest that keeps you wondering how it will all finish up .
A labored thought experiment masquerading as a motion picture entertainment .
I go to his movies ... expecting to be disappointed . I usually am , although there are flashes of insight that signal Allen is a probing artist , albeit one afflicted with a strange incuriousness about people much different from himself .
I know Allen feels compelled to work all the time , but I wish he 'd stop for a while and give himself time to think .
The storytelling may come wrapped in Allen 's biting wit , but the performances ensure that there 's more than satire and irony on display here .
After a late wobble or two , Irrational Man packs a final , farcical punch that feels just right .
A clammy summertime delight .
Sometimes the 79-year-old filmmaker 's practice of churning out a film every year results in a miss .
It 's not as clever and absorbing as ` Match Point ' or ` Crimes and Misdemeanors , ' but it 's still smart , sophisticated and entertaining . ` Irrational Man , ' the latest from Woody Allen , is n't a whodunit . It 's more of a whocangetawaywithit
Philosophy steps out of the classroom and into murder .
This is a sharp hook for a motion picture , provided the movie manages to rise above the level of merely coming across as a didactic rant .
`` Beautifully shot and more narratively disciplined than some of Allen 's later films , it shows there 's life in the old dog yet . ''
When Woody Allen is bad , he 's really bad .
We get the kind of expository nonsense that has crippled so many late-period Allen films , including double voice-over narration by Abe and Jill that further assumes the themes and plot points need additional repetition .
It takes half an hour for something to happen . I ca n't emphasize that point strongly enough .
The whole thing feels like much ado about a nothing .
More for Woody Allen completists than general audiences .
At the age of 79 , Woody Allen is still a formidable filmmaker -LRB- `` Blue Jasmine '' was just two years ago -RRB- . But he is also , inevitably , Woody Allen .
With its somewhat cynical view of life , love and sense of purpose , the film plays out beautifully on an intellectual level , while the compelling presence of Joaquin Phoenix and Emma Stone brings a formidable dynamic
Allen 's never before had trouble letting us know when he was kidding ; if this really is one of those times , the joke is n't funny , it 's pompous and banal .
Phoenix works harder than he needs to in trying to inject some life into Allen 's writing . Even when things heat up , as Abe attempts to plot the perfect murder , it 's less than memorable .
Woody Allen generates films with such rapidity and inconsistency that you can never be certain if this season 's offering will be a hit or a miss . I 'm happy to report that Irrational Man is a delight .
Even lesser Allen movies are better than a lot of what comes out of Hollywood . But make no mistake : This is n't Woody Allen at his best .
Dostoyevsky , Kant , Sartre and the standard Woody Allen May-December romance . Reaffirms Allen 's belief that intellect wins the ladies .
More Cassandra 's Dream than it is Midnight in Paris , it 's an attractively shot shrug that is n't perfect but which in its best moment is perfectly enjoyable .
Not at the level of Crimes and Misdemeanors or Match Point but interesting for Allen completists for the style tweaking late in his career .
Even Allen 's remarkable knack for picking appropriate music has deserted him .
Emma Stone and Joaquin Phoenix can not save Woody Allen 's clunky and contrived Irrational Man .
Just misses being one of Woody Allen 's great films , this is still a worthwhile addition to his filmography and a must-see for admirers of the filmmaker .
A pretty engaging drama with passable comedic moments and a redeeming ending .
An unconvincing work about a depressed philosophy professor
Woody skimps on logic .
What 's especially frustrating , compared to earlier , forgettable Allen misfires like `` Anything Else '' or `` Scoop '' is that `` Irrational Man '' is apparently meant to be taken seriously .
It almost works , but in the denouement , stumbles -LRB- irrationally -RRB- and falls down the shaft of the absurd . If you do n't see it coming , it 's not because you were n't paying attention , but because you were .
It works , more or less ; the three central actors are all terrific , particularly Posey , who finds something vulnerable and touching in Rita . But you watch it thinking of other , better Allen movies ...
Though Woody Allen has had plenty of late-career stumbles , there are still times when he astonishes you with a movie such as Blue Jasmine . This is not one of those times .
In the end , this feeble effort remains tainted , however unfairly , by the creator 's personal life . Maybe Allen should have titled it `` Rationalizing Man . ''
There are moments where Woody Allen 's Irrational Man is compelling and energetic , where the characters find their groove , and the clumsy philosophy fits , but that only makes the rest of the movie that much more frustrating to watch .
Clumsiness abounds in the bald way the women in this movie talk to Abe-they do n't converse with him , they stage interviews with him ... How out of it this once pace-setting director is today .
... -LSB- the film -RSB- had enough of a pull to hold my interest despite its uneven writing , plot and pace . ... the existential theme ... reveals as much about Allen as it does about his characters .
While it does n't quite succeed , it 's a mournful meditation too sharp and smart to dislike .
Spending time with `` Irrational Man '' would not be an irrational choice .
Two hours of care-free white people walking through verdant meadows talking about Kant , plus bloodless crime and an icky romance . This is Woody Allen at his most tone deaf .
Breezy though inconsequential , and ... intellectually shallow despite rather show-offish attempts to appear philosophically sophisticated in dealing with ethical issues .
It 's a compelling movie , but only in spurts , which leads to a frustrating sit , watching the filmmaker tease a return to form , only to reach the halfway mark before quitting .
Taken on its own , as a stand-alone dark comedy about existential angst , Irrational Man is a wobbly enterprise . But view it in context , as a Woody Allen film , and the plot thickens .
It 's well made and worthy of polite applause , but probably wo n't be watched too many more times .
Were it not for Stone 's chipperness as Jill , the film , smoothly directed as it is , would be a real slog .
Woody Allen collegiate/crime drama fun , if not innovative .
One of the director 's weaker and more easily forgettable efforts . -LRB- Full Content Review - Violence , Sexual Content , Profanity , etc. - for Parents also available -RRB-
Ostensibly about the theory and practice of ethics , if the existential dramedy Irrational Man were n't so clumsy it could almost be a self-parody .
A plodding , existential thriller with no thrills and a performance from its leading man that is far from the intriguing work he 's done in recent years .
Provided you do n't look too closely , Irrational Man is a film Woody Allen fans will love .
These scripts are skeletal in the extreme , like the draft a screenwriter would jot to nail the story down , put the plot in balance , then do a little more research to make sure what 's on the page is true and good .
Irrational Man should hit all the right buttons for Allen fans .
Woody Allen at his most exhausted and self-parodying .
In his 60s stand-up act , Allen joked that he once cheated on a metaphysics exam by looking within the soul of the student sitting next to him ; 50 years later he 's still at it .
Plainly , Woody Allen could n't make up his mind about Irrational Man . Is it a comedy ? A thriller ? A sharp philosophical treatise ? Turns out it 's none of the above -- which is the problem .
Allen not only lets monologues handle the heavy dramatic lifting , he employs one of the silliest pieces of misdirection ever conceived , a narrative cheat that ca n't be revealed without spoiling a major plot point .
Allen builds to a climax that is ridiculous and a comment on ... I do n't know . Fate ? Folly ? There are plenty of both in `` Irrational Man , '' but they 're not often a comfortable mix .
That `` Irrational Man '' is a sophomoric simulacrum of intellectual discourse reflects the self-deception at the movie 's core .
Allen is no dummy , but he is also not his own best editor or critic . The tone here is all over the place .
A tired exercise in existentialism that apes but does n't improve upon the writer/director 's better work .
The plotting is graceless and the dialogue ham-fisted .
More than once I recalled David Letterman 's crack : `` Sorry you could n't be here tonight , Joaquin . ''
This is another of Allen 's films in which characters advance positions rather than embody them . Very little is allowed to be lastingly funny or suspenseful , and the positions themselves do n't feel close to the truth .
Allen 's directing skills have not diminished in `` Irrational Man '' , but his writing suggests a less-thought-out philosophical pattern than some of his much better efforts such as `` Match Point '' .
I suspect many moviegoers , whether Woody Allen fans or not , will find the pacing frustrating , the philosophical meanderings unnecessary or incomprehensible , or both .
At what point do we just scream `` No ! '' and say we will not tolerate another Woody Allen movie about a relationship between an older man and a younger woman ?
It 's an experiment in contradictory tones , but it 's not a convincing one .
Woody Allen has always repeated the same handful of themes in his films , but now even his repetitions are getting repetitious .
... once more Allen seems to be of the mindset of his own protagonist . Only here , Allen comes across less like the reinvigorated Lucas and more like the dilapidated Lucas , bored and unconvinced by his own work , trade , and influences .
The energy levels are low , not helped in the early stages by the film being anchored by Phoenix 's mumbling , laconic mess .
There 's a much more interesting movie if it continues past the conclusion and examines the aftermath , but that 's not Irrational Man .
Allen 's sketch of the campus owes nothing to observations of real students or teachers ; the setting and the setup are living abstractions that the trio of lead actors invest with their own vital whimsy .
The case Abe makes for his actions , all of them , are so compelling that the larger questions become irksome details that we are tempted to swat aside like so many troublesome gnats .
This is one of Allen 's more complex scripts . The pace is perfect , the dialogue smart , the acting first rate with fine supporting performances . But I kept thinking that had Hitchcock directed instead of Woody , it would have been a tense thriller .
Not for everyone , but `` Irrational Man '' might just surprise viewers not expecting to care .
The performances are great , and Allen sits back and let 's the stars do the work this time around . Not for everyone , but `` Irrational Man '' might just surprise viewers not expecting to care .
Woody Allen 's writing is as sharp as his leading character 's morality is fuzzy . And if the director is revisiting territory from Crimes and Misdemeanors in spots , he 's working some decently amusing variations here .
-LSB- Allen 's -RSB- latest , repetitive in and of itself , finds the director spinning his wheels , rehashing themes in a stilted screenplay which the director fails to enliven via his actors .
Allen seems genuinely turned on by this crime-and-punishment fantasy and its erotic trappings , and his engagement carries you along .
Watching this irrational man follow through with his calling with so much rejuvenated conviction is the film 's greatest asset . .
Allen does Phoenix and Stone a disservice by giving Abe all the plot , and Jill all the fawning observations of Abe 's plot . It feels as though Allen cranked up the narration to finish this as fast as possible and move onto his 51st movie .
A film replete with nihilism and dark , immoral actions is fleshed out with a vibrant color palette and a screenplay with razor sharp irony .
Its obvious weakness , an overall sense of familiarity , is easy to overlook thanks to one of the better casts Allen has assembled in recent years .
It is not merely a bad film . It is a collection of notes for a film that never quite evolved to the rough draft stage , much less cohered into a finished movie .
A film that goes dark without going deep and keeps you wondering just how personal the title `` Irrational Man '' is or if it 's more of an existential shrug .
In its own strange , deliberate way the film does wind up feeling surprising , fresh even , as Allen finds new ways to explore some of his most longstanding preoccupations .
It 's a fantastic character shift that needs a lot of convincing - especially for what transpires - and Phoenix delivers . -LRB- But let 's face it ; we knew he would . -RRB-
Woody Allen 's stumbles usually happen when he abandons his sophisticated humor for a ` serious ' film .
Judged solely on a pain to pleasure ratio , Irrational Man is a delight bolstered by wonderful performances and an entertaining plot .
It 's a Woody Allen film that the next one will make us forget .
Though it is n't quite a homerun , it 's a solid double down the line that ranks as one of the director 's funnier and more engaging character studies .
Not exactly a write-off , but nothing memorable , either , Irrational Man is a sardonic exercise in cynicism that will most likely appeal to the same pretentious art-house eggheads it 's making fun of .
Though Irrational Man 's existentialist moral crisis is mostly hokum , the movie still has a whiff of charm , thanks to a handful of good one-liners , a little misdirection , and Phoenix 's off-kilter performance ...
`` Irrational Man '' ... just may be the nadir of the 79-year-old director 's career .
`` Irrational Man '' plays , like so much of Woody Allen 's work over the past 20 years , like a bad Woody Allen parody .
Allen has crafted a suspenseful mind-teaser that might feel too much like an intellectual exercise if Phoenix and Stone did n't infuse it with such raw humanity .
Finally , Allen is aware that his May-December romances are preposterous and naive .
Has Woody worn me down , getting me to -LRB- almost -RRB- shrug my shoulders at this latest spin on a romance between an older man and younger woman ?
Woody Allen as elder auteur shows he 's still a risk-taker with this formally fascinating deconstruction of the crime thriller , played with perfect tone by a crackerjack cast .
You have the feeling it was directed by a piece of software , programmed to make roughly the same choices as a human being who understood cinema , but without knowing why .
Flatly shot and dully told , it 's just this year 's film in what , for Allen , long ago became an unbreakable annual tradition , a way for our most famous amateur existentialist to somehow validate his own existence .
A gratingly off-key apologia for Allen 's peculiar peccadilloes .
It 's a lesser work by a master , albeit one who does n't think he 's a master and who , here , truly seems to be trying to convince himself of such .
Woody Allen and Joaquin Phoenix 's collaboration on Irrational Man 's antihero is the closest the film gets to a saving grace .
Some lines are appallingly awkward , but if there 's self-parodic intent , it does n't come across .
May be one of Woody Allen 's most ridiculous movies to date .
An exceptionally well-crafted crime story dropping names like Heidegger and Sartre .
An intriguing , mischievous morality tale that 's infused with dark humor .
Irrational Man is a sour thriller that 's played , jarringly , like a brisk comedy , up to a death and through it .
As pretentious as it is absurd , the new movie relies on that tired Allen trope : intellectual older man falls in love with beautiful woman half his age , and farce ensues .
Only Woody Allen can open a film with a quote from Immanuel Kant set to a peppy classic jazz tune and get away with it .
One of Allen 's most twisted and enjoyable films from the past few years .
Saying it 's better film than Allen 's last film , `` Magic in the Moonlight , '' may be a compliment , but we wo n't pretend it 's not a backhanded one .
It 's not irrational to have hoped for more from Irrational Man , perhaps , but it 's still disappointing to see that this is what we get from this fine group of talent .
If asked to rank it in the Allen oeuvre , I might find myself positioning it round about number 28 of 44 -LRB- about the same position as Manhattan Murder Mystery -RRB- .
It gives me no pleasure to ask the question that buzzed through my brain at the end of `` Irrational Man '' : how long are we going to continue to let Woody Allen get away with murder ?
Irrational Man can be seen as one of Allen 's cleverest films , but even the satisfying tidiness of its ending contributes to the sense that we 're watching a simulation rather than a story .
It 's a tongue-in-cheek mystery which is neither quite scary and serious enough to be suspenseful , nor witty or ironic enough to count as a comedy .
Woody Allen comes out with all guns blazing on his modestly appointed but fiercely intellectual thriller Irrational Man - though the one-liners mouthed by Joaquin Phoenix 's initially nihilistic philosophy professor are unusually grim .
Woody Allen contemplates the perfect murder -LRB- again -RRB- in a darkly funny , intellectually rigorous campus comedy .

@highlight

Irrational Man may prove rewarding for the most ardent Joaquin Phoenix fans or Woody Allen apologists , but all others most likely need not apply .