As someone who is susceptible to melodrama , I enjoyed much of Arbitrage .
Pleasing twists and moral dilemmas abound .
Arbitrage is not about greed or frustration or police corruption . It 's not about family bonds or loyalty or racial discrimination . But all those elements are incorporated into this multi-layered , suspense-laden film .
Gere , who appears in nearly every scene of Arbitrage , turns in the best performance of his career , conveying with supreme skill and remarkable restraint the exquisite agony of Miller 's desperation .
Does the privilege of powerful men always lead to lust and lies ? No . But the phrase ` Power corrupts , and absolute power corrupts absolutely , ' is well depicted in ` Arbitrage . '
Really , it could use some nip/tuck on the screenplay , but the players are decent and the movie looks opulent enough .
Aside from Gere 's performance , there 's really not much to see here .
As we follow the increasingly frantic Gere down his nightmarish rabbit hole , the picture takes a satisfyingly cold , amoral stance - less critique and more cynical observation .
Like something straight out of 1992 , Nicholas Jarecki 's debut feature Arbitrage ... is a small scale , high-gloss thriller that feels like Wall Street 's cousin .
A Wall Street-thriller blending elements of Chappaquiddick with a pinch of John Edwards and a whole lot of Bernie Madoff .
Richard Gere is terrific and the supporting cast do superb jobs in this fascinating exploration of greed , justice and the law .
An absorbing character study that teases some vicarious revenge on a perfidious member of the billionaire 's club .
It 's the way Gere and director Nicholas Jarecki create sympathy for the devil that makes this so gripping .
Arbitrage is the kind of classily put-together film that actors , filmmakers and grown-up audiences frequently complain no longer gets made .
This is a gleaming movie about a man with his back to the wall , facing disgrace on several fronts and the possibility of exchanging his Armani suit for prison garb .
Arbitrage is a rewarding , thought-provoking movie that deserves to find a wide audience .
Richard Gere delivers such a charming , layered performance that he overcomes a contrived plot that piles too many financial and personal crises on the central character .
We are persuaded to root for Miller , even when he is betraying the people he loves best . You 'll feel dirty , and well you should after a few hours in this company .
Arbitrage is a slick , intelligent psychological thriller that works to connect public and private immorality .
Writer-director Nicholas Jarecki , making his debut picture , has delivered a satisfying , grown-up drama , if not the definitive film about the financial crisis .
Golden Globe-nominated Gere gives a cool and charming performance and is ably supported by Susan Sarandon and Tim Roth .
An old-fashioned treat .
He 's been An Officer And A Gentleman , An American Gigolo and Mr Pretty Woman , now Richard Gere is back in a smart and stylish thriller , Arbitrage .
Gere is matchless in this kind of role . The lacquered crinkle of the smile ; the corrugated silk hair ; the eyes deep-pouched and glinting like coins in a rich man 's wallet .
What elegant pulp this is , and how inelegantly I gobbled it up .
Like Gere 's Machiavellian tycoon , Arbitrage 's flaws only start to appear under close scrutiny .
Financial crime can be difficult to follow and dull to relate ... But Nicholas Jarecki keeps the paper stuff straightforward and the action interesting by bolting it on to a more conventional thriller plot .
Not a huge amount happens , though suspense does eventually build .
This may be the role that Gere has been suited for since he first threw on the Armani for American Gigolo .
Gere 's charm offsets his character 's amorality in what 's both slick entertainment and cautionary fable .
Ethically driven storytelling at its best with an outstanding Richard Gere delivering one of his best performances .
It 's the kind of role that fits Gere perfectly these days , his somewhat blank face gradually hardening to the audience as we become increasingly aware of the moral void under the surface .
With his burrowed eyes , perfect hair and flawless wardrobe , Gere brims with a regal air and unsettling chilliness in his best role in more than a decade .
Gere does n't give Robert a remarkable amount of depth , but he certainly plays his damaged , agonized soul for all it 's worth , even as the movie views him from a coolly removed distance .
There are holes in the plot , to be sure , but somehow we do n't mind , because for all the unbearable tension of Jarecki 's script , the central attraction here is the man in the arena .
It 's appropriate that Arbitrage gets its American release while our country is knee-deep in the fight over the fiscal cliff and the future of our financial institutions .
Arbitrage avoids lazy , anti-corporate talking points to tell the thrilling story of a man drowning in his own greed .
Arbitrage is the story of one rich man 's downward spiral where both sides lie to try to get what they want but both walk away empty handed . It all results in a standstill that is about as thrilling as a staring contest .
For all the satisfying ironies that are dished up ... some of what we 're served is hopelessly naive .
A crisp , procedural-type throwback to 1980s-style financial world thrillers about rich men behaving badly and skirting danger .
The intricate , richly detailed screenplay is full of surprises , smart dialogue and intriguing minor characters , and manages to be smart and adult while still making all the financial stuff comprehensible .
Richard Gere turns in a fine , nuanced performance of a very complicated character , Robert Miller , head of a hedge fund who made a bad financial bet on a Russian copper mine .
Whether there is even the possibility of redemption at the end is part of what makes the film so gripping .
If there were a movie about Mitt Romney , no one other than Richard Gere could play him .
Inadvertently pandering on just about every level , except for the end credits , which are quite likely intended to rapidly vacate the theater for the next screening .
Not worth a trip to the theater , but it might be worth catching on TV some day you 've got nothing better to do .
Contains the kind of conventions that are fun to revisit with a skilled director and a game cast .
A walk down the seamy side of Wall Street is pulled out of the shredder by Gere 's performance , but only barely .
A tense , well-acted debut from Nicholas Jarecki
A well-cast Richard Gere is terrific as shady hedge-fund magnate Robert Miller .
He simply evades and bargains . It 's tough to say what audiences are supposed to do with that .
This terrific , character-driven New York story about big money , bigger liars , high finance and low , low morals is the best of the recent rush of fine films inspired by the GFC .
It 's a juicy narrative that will keep you interested but it does feel a little staged .
Jarecki 's feature debut is handsome and assured , with flashes of insight and the pleasures of a decent procedural . Given the brains and talent invested in it , however , Arbitrage should 've yielded greater dividends .
When it 's over , you feel the same chill as its characters , pondering the cold , thin line that slices like a razor between striking it rich and losing it all .
You will learn more about arbitrage from this review than you will from ARBITRAGE .
A tight thriller that shows -LSB- its -RSB- handsome star in fine form as a morally bankrupt financier playing fast and loose with ethics and the law .
Gere gets the role he has been suiting up for ever since he was first designer-dressed for a murder rap in American Gigolo .
A ripping tale of high finance and low ethics , Arbitrage keeps its stocks continually on the rise due to a genuinely brilliant lead performance from the much-maligned Gere .
Richard Gere is in top form in this smart , layered and thrilling financial drama .
All of the characters are pretty darn unlikable . But when they 're played by such a capable cast in such a tightly constructed story , you may not mind so much .
Writer/director Nicholas Jarecki makes his feature debut with this refreshing movie , a combination of intelligent , grown-up writing and entertaining , audience-pleasing filmmaking .
... a tightly written , sharply acted melodrama with a Tiffany gleam .
A muddled tale of a corporate high-flying huckster brought low .
Part thriller , part character study , and it moves swiftly and confidently , with many details that feel exactly right .
Aided by one of Gere 's better performances , rookie Nicholas Jarecki directs with an acute perception of pace which makes this film exceptional .
His moral guidelines are just as complicated and self contradictory as our own
The rich show they are different in this superb thriller in which honesty and dishonesty are bedfellows ... a sophisticated film that grapples with many issues ranging from the superficial to the nitty gritty
It boasts solid performances from Gere and Sarandon , yet feels overly familiar , even predictable , at times .
This is n't very effective as a thriller , though it 's a provocative fable about our ambivalent feelings toward financial elites .
Playing a character that 's almost entirely unsympathetic , Gere demonstrates the outward charm that 's allowed Miller to accumulate his wealth and status , as well as the abyss-staring soul his showmanship conceals .
These Wall Street magnates ... they 're taking their hits as the villains of the day in post-Enron , post-AIG , post-Lehman Brothers , post-Bernie Madoff America . The breed is getting its just condemnations , but ...
Savvy , slick and suspenseful financial thriller .
Arbitrage is the latest in a long line of movies with touches of Alfred Hitchcock 's DNA . The film reverberates with themes such as deception , ethical ambiguity , and the impact of fate .
`` Arbitrage '' is one of those films that does n't rely on flourish to succeed , and in the end , it 's probably better off without it .
The screenplay , written by first-time director Nicholas Jarecki , keeps us guessing , which is one of the best compliments one can pay to a movie of this sort .
The latest ` Richard Gere under pressure movie . '
Competent , glossy thriller gussies up the familiar and articulately updates to the new Gilded Age ... but with uncomfortable sympathy for the man at the pinnacle of the 1 % .
This is n't a film that invites you to identify with its leading character ...
The best part of Gere 's overall `` je ne sais quoi '' is the fact that the man can act .
Any cinema venture featuring Richard Gere and Susan Sarandon is sufficient reason to invest a couple of hours .
Gere 's performance never takes the obvious route , but instead parries with self-delusion , noble instincts , and the moxie that made Miller what he is in every sense
Gere makes Robert 's amorality appealing , which in itself conveys Jarecki 's message about the seductive nature of Wall Street corruption .
First-time writer and director Nicholas Jarecki has given Gere a juicy , complex character in billionaire financier Robert Miller , and he just runs with it .
Tense , taut , suspenseful , and Richard Gere is fabulous .
Gere 's very good at making Robert 's compromises seem more human than horrid . He portrays the philanthropic , philandering patriarch with his customary twinkle .
Juicy , smart , engrossing financial thriller boasts assets aplenty in its portfolio .
Straddling the line between celebration and vilification of its nasty protagonist , Arbitrage plunges into the world of corporate fraud with chilly detachment .
An elegantly crafted potboiler that fires on all cylinders , giving Gere his juiciest role yet .
The real standout is Tim Roth as a streetwise New York City detective who 's seen it all and can spot a liar a mile away .
It moves a little slow , but for me it had me from the get-go . I wanted to know what 's gon na happen next ; surprised when the film took it 's various turns and it made me realize that I never wan na be this rich , way too much responsibility .
Richard Gere is the only real reason to see ` Arbitrage '
With a story like this , you need strong , compelling performances and wow did we get them . Richard Gere , along with Michael Douglas , is my favorite rich guy . They 're 1 and 1A and in this Richard Gere is beyond watchable .
Nicholas Jarecki 's Arbitrage is at once a beautifully complex , effortlessly compelling legal thriller and a heated , passionate political allegory , working wonderfully on both levels .
But Arbitrage crackles back to life when Gere is on screen racing around New York City frantically trying to keep his house of cards from collapsing down around him .
For the first two acts , Jarecki paces out the story 's various twists and turns quite well .
Giving the tale an extra dose of reality is Richard Gere .
Primetime dramas share similar plot points , but Gere elevates the proceedings with a positively commanding performance - his finest in ages .
`` Arbitrage '' becomes far more complex than just dramatized anti-corporate polemic , or even a simple fall from grace .
I 'm not sure any five pages of this script by director Nicholas Jarecki hold together .
Mediocre at best .
A well-crafted dramatic thriller with a rare braininess and a deeply unsettling undercurrent .
If not for Gere , whose ever-wearying performance suggests a man who is as fed up with himself as we are of him , this could have a very different movie .
The director 's first stroke of genius is in convincing you to empathize ... with Robert , the puppetmaster who seduces everyone around him ...
Features an exceedingly dapper Richard Gere in a series of nice suits and handsome close-ups that serve no purpose other than to remind us how exceedingly dapper Richard Gere looks in nice suits and handsome close-ups .
Here 's an old-fashioned thriller-cum-morality play that trades in compelling characters and sharp storytelling .
Arbitrage overcomes some pulpy plot twists and a little anti-corporate sermonizing to become a brisk tale of a financial wizard whose sins have returned to collect a debt .
A tense and chilling horror story for financially fraught times .
It could readily be mistaken for the work of an experienced and justifiably self-confident filmmaker with a nose for newsy stories , a knack for telling them tersely , and a gift for directing actors
Rather than seeming pat , Jarecki 's straightforward cynicism is pointed and purposeful .
`` Arbitrage '' is a fine showcase for the silky talents of Richard Gere , who 's so smooth here you could spread him on toast .
The movie wants to be an instant Sidney Lumet classic along the lines of `` Serpico '' or `` Prince of the City , '' but it does n't have the roots . It 's new money .
Arbitrage as a title may confound audiences , but maybe that 's the point . An inner circle shop talk , insider trading manipulation of money , this Wall Street Noir intimates a secretive financial world from which most of us are excluded and manipulated .
Unfolding in somber tones and among hard surfaces , Arbitrage has the slickness of new bank notes and the confidence of expensive tailoring .
Mr. Gere is one of cinema 's great walkers , graced with a suggestively predatory physical suppleness , and he slips through the movie like a panther . He 's the film 's most deluxe item .
`` Arbitrage '' is a mirror on the audience , making us realize that we 're complicit , if only vicariously , in some crimes which we ought to deplore .
Slick and suspenseful ...
Richard Gere 's performance in the sinfully entertaining Arbitrage is too good to ignore . At 62 , he is at the peak of his powers .
A shrewd satisfying thriller with a magical twist in Gere 's performance . Instead of a demonized tycoon - Bernie Madoff as Satan - we see a fully-realized character .
There 's a touch of Hitchcockian flavor to the Arbitrage 's cat-and-mouse thrills , yet the film clearly announces that there 's now a third gifted Jarecki brother -LRB- in addition to Eugene and Andrew -RRB- to contend with in the moviemaking business .
The main reason to see Arbitrage is Gere , whose steady improvement with age -LRB- he just turned 63 -RRB- is not remarked upon enough .
`` Arbitrage '' gets away with a few crime-flick cliches because it 's also a thoughtful character study .
Its best attribute is Gere 's performance . He has n't been this good in ages .
Gere does his best to give Arbitrage an agitated energy , but Jarecki 's fatalism works against the film .
Even if you 're put off by their hot-and-cold-running-cashmere lifestyle , it 's ultimately impossible not to be moved by a daughter who is heartbroken when the father she worships betrays her .
Paced like a slick '80s thriller but themed for millennial relevance , `` Arbitrage '' splits the difference with a confidently cruising Gere .
Although it never ties together as securely as it should , Arbitrage carries itself with a confident sense of gloom and panic , keeping the mysteries at hand persuasive despite storytelling that flames out instead of building ominously .
Gere has always excelled at portraying smooth , elegant men who know a little more than everyone else in the room . But in Arbitrage he 's playing a different note : Desperation .
Basically a high-toned soap opera , the lick but shallow movie is entertaining enough on a lowbrow level .
An ethically revealing film about a New York billionaire who 's a member of the winning-class .
Gripping and provocative . . does n't go quite where you expect . It may not be as sharp-edged as Margin Call , but it comes close .
The depiction of money as the ultimate motivator should inspire most viewers to mutter , ` What else is new ? '
Gere 's best shot at an Oscar ?
I enjoyed it , even as I hustled here and there to keep up with its Wall Street argot . The writing 's juicy and effective , and the actors have fun with it .
Hitchcock called his most familiar subject `` The Innocent Man Wrongly Accused . '' Jarecki pumps up the pressure here by giving us a Guilty Man Accurately Accused , and that 's what makes the film so ingeniously involving .
For this story to work , writer/director Nicholas Jarecki had to include enough back doors to fill the scare floor at Monsters Inc. for a week .
In the end , the moralism of `` Arbitrage '' feels glued-on rather than earned .
Arbitrage is a classy soap opera with a charismatic louse at its center , without Margin Call didactics , or the misplaced empathy of The Company Men ... . It 's simply good trash . You get the feeling that J.R. Ewing would approve .
Richard Gere , always reliable but underestimated actor , gives one of his strongest , most dominant performances in Jarecki 's taut thriller , one that should finally garner him Oscar nomination .
Nicholas Jarecki 's screenplay may remind you of one of those paperback thrillers people devour , but his savvy direction and Richard Gere 's best performance in years make the movie as a whole wonderfully satisfying entertainment .
Gere is so charming , so irresistible when he 's on top of the world - when he 's got all those plates humming in unison - that he kind of makes you root for his character to get away with it all .
Sex , wealth , paternal swagger-all of the colors come out of Gere in a showstopping performance .
First time feature film director-writer Nicolas Jarecki gives us an assured debut and a film that is more than a calling card , it is a full-blown introduction to a career that can only get better and better .
Enough of all this whining about the millions of regular people ruined by the financial collapse of 2007 - how about a movie sympathizing with one of the unfortunate guys responsible ?
Jarecki 's film has a great performance at its center ...
If the film covers well-tread territory -LRB- a morally bankrupt player trying to prolong his own influence -RRB- , it does so with pinpoint control of mood and theme .
-LSB- VIDEO ESSAY -RSB- Republicans will love this movie . It will make everyone else want to hiss .
Tim Roth turns in a momentous performance as a detective in a movie showing that billionaires do not always have it made .
` Arbitrage ' switches genres mid-movie and pulls you every which way dramatically but never connects you to any emotions that matter .
Jarecki , it 's clear , has the talent to make shrewdly pleasurable Hollywood movies . Here 's hoping Arbitrage is the first of many .
Arbitrage is competing between the narrative form of the corporate thriller and the inherent corruption and irresponsibility of those embedded in the industry . Unfortunately it breaks even .
Two movies in one - only one of which is good . Despite it 's flaws , Gere is incredible in the performance of his life .
Contrivance does indeed flare up , but that 's part of the fun , all the more reason for a fat cat to squirm and sweat over the course of a week in his life and 100 minutes of running time .
Jarecki invests his film with a great sense of pacing and tension . It 's a well-crafted plot , effortlessly juggling financial and family drama , with a Colombo-esque complication nipping at its heels .
The stakes of Arbitrage never feel quite high enough , no matter how good it all looks .
Between this cast and the conviction Jarecki brings to the table , the film feels incredibly accomplished for a first feature .
Between Gere matching wits with a police detective played by Tim Roth and him having to explain himself to the steely Sarandon , Arbitrage is never dull .
Nothing about the plot is novel , but the film easily maintains a low simmer that picks up in the final act , as Miller has to fight to keep his sinking ship staffed .


@highlight

Arbitrage is both a tense thriller and a penetrating character study , elevated by the strength of a typically assured performance from Richard Gere .