Even non-fans will get a thrill or two , followed by a quick laugh and a feeling like someone is trying to insult their intelligence .
Sleek and fine-tuned , these movies do exactly what they say on the bodywork .
And while director Justin Lin 's eye for the flamboyant makes the film less credible , it 's never not fun to watch even as you shake your head at the absolutely bogus action scenes .
Contain your excitement : this is a London populated by monodimensional toffee noses or thick necks and , while it 's good to have the no-nonsense -LSB- Michelle -RSB- Rodriguez back , she 's soon crowded out by dreary ex-models and wisecracking dipsticks .
As long as ` let it go , bro ' is your mantra , you 'll have a fine time at Fast and Furious 6 .
There 's still some gas left in the tank here .
Nobody goes to these movies for dialogue . And maybe that 's true - but that does n't mean they have to be written like a bunch of third graders playing `` movie '' in the school yard .
Diesel 's mega-bass voice and the slo-mo charisma with which he delivers those bass lines have resulted in a series that got more popular in its fifth and sixth installments .
Unfortunately , in between bouts of high-speed action there 's a dud story about nasty mercenaries driving around Europe stealing military equipment .
If action is your cinematic elixir of choice , `` Fast & Furious 6 '' wo n't just sate your thirst - you 'll be blackout drunk by the end credits .
While -LSB- it -RSB- is n't a masterpiece , it 's a really damn good follow up ...
Over and over again , Vin Diesel spells it out : family this , family that , all that matters is family .
Fast Five was the best John Woo movie John Woo never made . Fast & Furious 6 aims to top it .
These Fast and Furious movies are different , they 've actually improved upon the mistakes of their predecessors .
... mostly this is another showcase for superior stunt work , including a highway chase involving a speeding tank .
Vin Diesel makes gravel audible-there 's one reason he did n't choose `` Vin Cashmere '' as his nom de zoom-with elongated , not quite drawled delivery of lines like `` L'es go for a li'l ride . ''
Jaggedly oscillates between action absurdity and familial drama .
A soap opera with a casual disregard for physics .
Adrenaline packed petrol-head entertainment .
A worthy , nitrous-blasting addition to a franchise that may not be so fresh any more but is as fast and furious as ever .
The biggest laugh , though , comes at the end , with a prim , do n't - try-this-at-home disclaimer .
No one 's going to pretend this is art , but it makes sense commercially . The fights and chases are superbly choreographed and genuinely spectacular .
a movie that delivers exactly what it promises
Shamelessly traffics in mind-numbing contrivance and formula and owns them with such stylish verve it does n't matter a damn .
This Formula 6 racing flick 's tire-spinning in a vacuum : the plausible 's passed early on , the ludicrous is smoked down the stretch , and any lingering basic law of action-film gravitas is shredded by the finish line .
... Furious 6 fares noticeably worse than its surprisingly entertaining -LRB- yet far-from-flawless -RRB- predecessor ...
There is a lot of hollow talk about codes of honor and some really corny dialogue and delivery , but the light tone and breakneck pace make these things easy to forgive . Lin has become a top-flight action director .
Souped-up action filmmaking at its most unabashedly entertaining .
At least a half-hour too long , `` Fast and Furious 6 ″ is not fast , which made my backside furious .
There is comfort in familiarity , which is why having original cast members back together ... is a definite asset ,
The target audience wo n't care as much about the characters with two arms and two legs as it will about the characters with four wheels .
A satisfying next step in a series which brings out the little boy and his Hot Wheels cars in all of us .
Director Justin Lin once again ups the ante as cars , motorbikes , tanks and even planes roar across the screen in dazzling displays of stunt choreography .
With an apparent brief to set a new franchise record for on-screen vehicular mayhem , the film 's signature sequence involves the car-crunching daylight pursuit of a tank as it powers down the wrong side of a Spanish freeway . It 's magnificently nuts .
Not every action film needs a prompt disclaimer in the credits , but Fast 6 is dim-witted enough to need one
I recently saw a guy on TV having his scrotum nailed to a table in front of a laughing studio audience ... and Fast & Furious 6 is still the dumbest thing I 've ever seen .
If you want to enjoy this movie , leave what you know about the laws of gravity in the lobby .
stretches into new genre territory while still maintaining the basic expectations of big muscles , fast cars , and loud guns
The plotting is ridiculous and the dialogue is melodramatic , but the stunts are as good as they get .
`` Having been so pleasantly surprised by how great Fast 5 was , Fast & Furious 6 is a massively bonkers disappointment .
Lin achieves numerous times throughout Furious 6 's - admittedly , overblown - running time the kind of logistical lunacy seen only in Fast Five 's cacophonous climax .
... Lin must actually listen to criticism and has been slowly rectifying the mistakes made in his previous films - hell , the way he is going , by the time they get to Sweet Fast 16 , it might be up for Best Picture .
This franchise puts it all on the screen . It 's completely ludicrous , totally bonkers , and that 's why you 're there .
The stunts are spectacular , the music pumps and the gears grind in this high-octane action thriller with a sprinkling of charm and humour .
Sure , these films are hardly of the blue ribbon variety -LRB- and they do n't pretend to be -RRB- , but you actually do care about what is going to happen to the characters , which makes you gladly go along for the ride .
It 's a forgettable premise with a forgettable bad guy .
If this film franchise is n't one of your guilty pleasures , why not ? Hot guys , cool gals , fast cars , fights , guns , explosions , and none of it taken too seriously .
Just as the plot threatens to run out of gas , Lin rescues the film with a spate of vastly ridiculous and therefore enjoyable set-pieces , most of which involve means of conveyance designed to make the cars look puny .
Bigger ! Dumber ! Louder !
If you want car crashes , ridiculous fights , car crashes , meager acting , car crashes , not much story , car crashes , nice scenery , and car crashes , this is a wild ride .
When the movie is n't burning rubber , it lags under the weight of a crummy script and a plot that 's overcomplicated for no reason . But that 's the Fast/Furious formula .
Not bad , with the action pitched at hysterically overblown levels .
If you 've seen the previews to this film you might be wondering if the action scenes in the film are as ridiculous as they seem to be in the trailers . In fact , they are , but strangely enough , they work pretty well .
if a coherent story with good dialogue could be constructed around the auto porn , well , then we 'd really have something .
Like its predecessors , it is big , it is loud and it is over-the-top in nearly every respect . It is also patently ridiculous and utterly illogical at every turn .
Whatever Sly Stallone and his Expendables team can destroy on screen , Dom Toretto -LRB- Vin Diesel -RRB- and his team can do it bigger , louder , faster ... and younger
True to its promise , this 6th in the franchise dishes up cars , speed , stunts , muscle and girls - all at 100 decibels .
A movie such as this is the great-grandchild of the old-time serial or B-Western where heroes and villains would pummel each other without losing their hats .
A lumbering 130 minutes of asinine overkill that will probably have crossed the trillion dollar mark at the box office by the time you read this .
The perfect summer/popcorn movie - fast cars , beautiful women , unending action and lots of explosions .
The fourth consecutive Fast and Furious picture helmed by Justin Lin finds the director more comfortable than ever in handling this car-porn mayhem .
The international ensemble might resemble a bad beer commercial if these people did n't work together so seamlessly and have actual conversations and laughs about their pasts , their futures , life , love and , of course , cars .
Another blur of a movie from the Fast & Furious pack
The epitome of a summer blockbuster . Just remember to check your brain at the box office , and you wo n't be disappointed .
An embarrassing parody of the first 5 films ...
Generally speaking , any series that has managed to make its way to a sixth installment is running solely on fumes , but that 's not the case with the F&F brand . This franchise seems to rise and fall on whenever the muse randomly hits its creators .
A bridge -LRB- with a tank -RRB- too far .
Lin has gone on to directing SAG members who ca n't act , delivering lines from screenplays that are full of inane excuses to drive souped-up Tin Lizzies , and who beat up or get beaten up by villains who have as much personality as washing machine lint .
The answer to the question of ` What if the people behind Top Gear did a Mission Impossible film ? '
Exists purely to showcase how idiotically over-the-top action sequences can become when annoyances like gravity are tossed to the side .
The only thing that matters in Fast & Furious 6 is that the gang takes on a tank !
Fast & Furious 6simultaneously represents the best and the worst of big-budget Hollywood movies .
Whatever burst of energy or bit of luck director Justin Lin had on the last movie in the series , Fast Five , it 's now past . With FAST & FURIOUS 6 , things have gone back to normal -- which is to say , awfully dumb .
What used to be unintentional goofiness now fully embraces its camp side , along with some impressive action sequences and a few welcome new cast members to keep us hopping .
Fast & Furious 6 is a little unwieldy , saddled with a lot of added baggage , but it 's still an extremely entertaining ride .
I enjoy a crazy car chase as much as the next person , but I prefer them to come wrapped in a context that makes me care about who 's chasing whom , and why .
This series keeps chugging away on a sly attitude . Although the cast plays every scene with straight faces , it becomes increasingly obvious the actors know these films are a load of malarkey .
Some of the action sequences are insane . No , really . Absurd , impossible , physics defying , triage-required stuff . No matter . That 's the foolish rush of a franchise that must go faster and faster and furiouser and furiouser .
Some of the crazed car chases and stunts really pop , but others , particularly in the film 's first half , struggle to distinguish themselves .
Fast & Furious 6 is a fun summer thrill ride as long as director Justin Lin keeps the pedal to the metal in the action scenes .
This film is about pushing driving stunts to new limits and further from what we 've seen in the other installments .
It 's got as much edge as two five year old children playing with Matchbox cars in a sandbox , which is possibly where the script came from .
If you see it , I highly recommend that you do what I did and sit in front of your local chapter of The Rock Fan Club . It , um , enhances the experience . One might even say it pumps it up . Puts the fun on steroids . -LRB- Too far ? -RRB-
How you feel about `` Fast & Furious 6 '' is a matter of perspective .
It 's like the ballet . Nobody goes for the story , really . It 's the choreography and the performance . Perhaps that 's why I did n't mind `` Fast & Furious 6 ″ so much .
Like an addled six-year-old , though , what the sixth film in the franchise has going for it is a playful imagination not even aware , much less bound , by anything resembling reality .
At some point it 's wiser to toss your hands in the air and let the dumbness wash over you.Don ' t ask how this or that could happen or wonder if anyone in the audience is gullible enough to believe it could . Just breathe . Through your mouth , of course .
A long , tedious , preposterous , incoherent video game made for shallow and indolent people . A lackluster blockbuster .
Ludicrous , but undeniably fun and surprisingly affectionate , this is really all you could ask of a car crash movie , and more .
The Fast and the Furious franchise 's gradual transformation from action movie serial to full-blown TV soap opera -LRB- with occasional car chases -RRB- is at last complete .
There is something particularly resilient about this franchise . The cool cars and even cooler gang of remarkably talented car jockeys manage to up the ante each time out .
Airheaded and awfully entertaining , Fast and Furious 6 is so over the top and outrageous that it does n't mind pushing the very boundaries of believability .
In Fast and Furious 6 , the gang - or ` family ' - is now capable of pulling off superhuman feats that defy logic -LRB- and gravity -RRB- .
Furious Six continues on in the same vein as its predecessor , and may just be my favorite of the lot .
The set-up here is so sparse it almost plays as a joke , a sneer at the notion that a film with this many car crashes could need something so snobbish as a story .
Forget real-world physics . The car chases and crashes of the sixth installment do n't adhere to the physics of my old Matchbox car races , when cars would do septuple-flips off the dining room table and into the litter box .
Five sequels may be a modern day record . In spite of a silly and unbelievable climax , this one is fun , and fast but not all that furious .
Good , or bad , the entire crew is back and looking buff and beautiful . And who cares if only a precious few of them can act when all anybody needs to do is grunt and grip a steering wheel as if their checkered careers depended on it .
For their own part , Vin Diesel and the `` F&F '' handlers seem eager to assert how they 've molded a series of installments into , yep , a saga , complete with expansive , twisty continuity .
That the movie is so indifferently written should n't really be a surprise . The dialogue is just there to mark time between the set pieces , and it 's nice to report that Lin has outdone himself in that department .
Fast & Furious 6 is much like the other Fast & Furious films . Which is to say it does its thing pretty well .
There 's a Road Runneresque sense of madness that 's undeniably infectious . If only it was played off characters who had some sense of reality , who were n't such obvious constructions , and who spoke fewer leaden lines .
Vin Diesel and friends are back behind the wheel , defying death , tossing off quips , flexing their muscles and revving their engines to warp speed .
It pretty much goes without saying that the script by Chris Morgan , who penned most of the previous installments , is achingly stupid and beyond ludicrous .
It 's probably an oxymoron giving these movies bad reviews at this point in the game . It 's a fun , stupid movie that wil have audiences hootin and hollerin . Good times .
-LSB- B -RSB- etter than almost every other entry in this series ... so maybe I 'm starting to warm up to its cartoon-like interpretation of the physical world .
With Fast & Furious 6 we 've got cars that sound damn cool , a bunch of slick action scenes , semi-coherent character development , all adding up to one of the smartest dumb movies of this or any summer .
Other movies this summer may be good or bad , but chances are they wo n't be nearly as unabashedly fun as `` Fast and Furious 6 ''
Bigger and dumber but still tons of fun , Fast & Furious 6 may have you rolling your eyes even more than usual , but that 's part of what make the series so great .
Justin Lin has upped the level of in-the-moment set pieces over the past two films to somewhat forgive a few of its many notable flaws . But enough crazy ideas does not exactly add up to a successful film if the execution remains inconsistent .
-LSB- The action is -RSB- glorious while it lasts , but then the film goes back to figuring out how to keep its oversized vessel from taking on water . And that 's more hard work than it 's worth .
A thoroughly brainless movie ... action without wit or even coherence .
A satisfying thrill ride , at least on a par with the earlier installments .
`` Furious 6 '' elevates the franchise into saga territory - an automotive `` Avengers '' as suffused with sincerity as it is bereft of pretenses . Its sweet , nostril-filling tang is unwise to inhale too often , but it 's worth a good whiff every couple years .
This is a franchise whose filmmakers know what their audience likes and delivers movies that they 'll love .
Contrary to the history of just about every other multi-sequel series and what I thought were the laws of nature , these keep getting better .
Sure , this is a ` check your brain at the door ' movie . If you like high speed chases , fight scenes , and explosions , Fast & Furious 6 delivers .
If Fast & Furious 6 were any dumber , the script would have been written in crayon ... -LSB- But -RSB- in terms of sheer action adrenaline , it may be the best film of the franchise .
The series has been a cash cow for Universal and most of its cast , who rarely make appearances elsewhere -LRB- someone get Tyrese Gibson more screen roles ! -RRB- . The latest is fine popcorn fare , but the series needs stronger stories before it becomes fusty fast .
The choreography in the centerpiece smash - 'em - ups is relentless , as if Lin has spent most of the two years since the last movie maniacally storyboarding the demolition derby of his dreams
Lin throws more vehicles into the mix - including a tank and a flaming cargo plane - but tosses plausibility and coherent editing out the window .
A comedown from the high of `` Fast Five , '' but the physics-be-damned stuntwork and girl-on-girl beatdowns keep this series the guiltiest of pleasures .
It 's a ripsnorting carmageddon that stylizes automotive annihilation the way John Woo used to choreograph death and destruction with guns and explosions .
-LSB- Lin -RSB- relies on a hyper-edited style that gives you the feeling of frantic action , but he does have the good sense to slow things down ever so slightly when something really insane is going to happen so that you can gawk , laugh , and marvel .
Sometimes Fast & Furious 6 is engrossing , sometimes absurd , and some of the action is so outlandish it makes the audience laugh . But whatever it is , it 's always some variety of fun .
Happily , amid all the noise , the races -- there 's a terrific one through the streets of downtown London -- the crashes and the outlandish stunts , there is some humor , and it 's very welcome .
-LSB- Director Justin Lin -RSB- manages to imbue the material with Hawksian notions of masculinity , group dynamics , and moral authority even as he preserves the franchise 's multicultural milieu and gleefully exaggerated action sequences .
Perhaps the most annoying thing about the movie : The final scene sets up yet another sequel .
We 've heard this song before -- catchy but banal , monotonous -- and it has n't gotten any better with time .
Lin understands this track inside and out , backwards and forwards - four directions out of countless others in which he spins us .
The plot and dialogue are still stilted and stupid , but that only proves that Justin Lin , who has directed the last four F & Fs , has his priorities straight .
These are movies about driving cars really fast and destroying them . And , yes , the thing with the tank is awesome .
The production insists the characters should verbalize their every thought . The production has made a horrible mistake .
Not only is the film more action-packed , but the comedy , fight scenes and death-defying stunts are beyond your imagination . It 's certainly a ride you do n't want to stop or get off .
` Fast and Furious 6 ' is the fastest , funniest and most outlandishly entertaining chapter yet . I 'm not kidding , I kinda loved this insanely stupid movie .
A damn fun ride that 's sure to please the audience out to see a sixth installment of vehicular man-sanity .
If you find fast cars exciting , you might find yourself entertained by the nonstop action , but if you 're looking for anything beyond that , then you 'll probably see this for the tedious time-waster that it is .
While most film franchises sink as the number of their entries rises , `` Fast and the Furious '' keeps cruising along with no finish line in sight .
Nothing classic here , except the vehicles . But if you 're looking for revved-up cars , trucks , tanks and tunnel racing , F&F 6 is King Kong on wheels .
The action is nonstop in `` 6 , '' and it 's also convincing .
True , the movie does n't know when or how to put the brakes on . It does , however , understand precisely what it is .
Whatever weird charisma lightning struck `` Five '' more or less strikes again here .
I enjoyed the flick about as much as its immediate predecessor , at least in terms of pedal to the metal , turn off your brain , action-based cinematic entertainment . -LRB- Complete Content Details for Parents are also available -RRB-
The climactic action sequence is so under-lit I was glad when a plane blew up so I could see what was happening .
What 's impressive is that it tops its predecessor , a film that already did big , ridiculous action perfectly .
The whole thing becomes no different than a six-year-old knocking his toys together and making noises .
It 's dumb fun -- nothing more , nothing less .
Sustains its joyful , unpretentious ridiculousness so perfectly that I secretly hoped the `` 6 '' meant `` hours long '' ...
Let 's just cut to another car chase , OK ? That 's what this franchise knows how to do , and if that 's the kind of popcorn fun you 're looking for , `` F&F 6 '' has the goods .
One must sit through 90 minutes of macho posturing and moronic dialogue before the first memorable action set-piece arrives . From there , things finally take off , but the diverting third act is not enough to make up for the endurance test of the first two .
This time around the hand-to-hand combat boasts better moves than the Mitsubishis , especially with Haywire 's Gina Carano enlisted to throw some bows .
The movie gets bogged down in bonding moments between its cardboard characters .
As wildly fun and accomplished a summer blockbuster as there is likely to be all year , Fast & Furious 6 masters the unmistakable speed and ferocity of an endlessly enjoyable action classic .
Justin Lin gives fans of this franchise what they want : greatcharacters being themselves and bouncing around in crazy , over the top action sequences .
A welcome fugue of explosions , soap opera storylines and heavy macho posturing .
Here 's a movie that could easily have been dialogue-free . And probably would have been better for it .
A borderline ridiculous , over-the-top demolition derby that also happens to be a perfectly constructed low-IQ blast .
For my money , `` Furious 6 '' is more fun than `` Skyfall '' ' and a lot more fun than the deadly dull `` Star Trek Into Darkness , '' both of which ask you to take their silly plots way too seriously .
How about a give-back program in which the studios donate one car to charity for each car they smash up in movies like this ?
Bad movies are rarely as much fun as this . But it is bad . And it is fun .
Furious 6 is even cooler and more aerodynamically delirious than its predecessor , if such a thing is even theoretically possible .
Most of the stunts are digital and the pleasures are video-game-stupid .
Lin and his team do an extraordinary job of staging the ever-escalating action sequences , up to a jaw-on-the-floor finale involving various four-wheel vehicles in and around a cargo plane that 's trying to take off .
If endless mumbled monologues from Vin Diesel are the price to pay for watching The Rock land a leaping punch to the face , it 's worth it .
Annoyingly entertaining .
The endless chases , stunts and fights are as spectacular and preposterous as the occasional verbal exchanges are sentimental and childish .
Everyone involved at last seems to understand that the mode here is comic . Previous entries suffered from self-important glumness that gummed up the fun whenever the cars were n't racing .
-LRB- ... -RRB- so fast it will make you gasp - nobody will be filing a complaint with Trade Descriptions after Hollywood lives up to the mantra : ` Give 'em what they want ! '
A series of exciting action sequences and Dwayne Johnson 's perma-cocked eyebrow are all there is to save the film from becoming slow and laborious .
The most impressive thing about the sixth entry into this noisy franchise is that it 's both more preposterous and more self-important than ever before . Which is no mean feat .
The elephant in the pop-culture room at the moment is the obvious fact that Fast and Furious 6 and The Great Gatsby are the same movie . So I invited Nick Carraway to guest-review Furious .
Irresponsible , daft-as-a-brush machismo is one thing , but Lin 's caper outstays its welcome ...
While it never quite reaches the dizzying heights of Fast 5 , Fast & Furious 6 is nevertheless a true joyride that ties the story back to the series ' beginning even as it sets up future adventures .
Good fun , if not as exciting as Fast Five ...
Despite being the sixth movie in the petrol-head franchise starring Paul Walker and Vin Diesel , this film 's got a fair bit in the tank ; it 's silly but enjoyable .
High-octane , outrageous and action-packed , introducing a long , low-slung ramp car designed to get underneath other vehicles and flip them over , causing massive vehicular carnage .
Justin Lin overruns his films with talky stand-offs , forced comedic repartee , and overtly sentimental familial drama , none of which makes use of the essential narrative freedom that the series has , for better or worse , earned at this point .
Diesel and Walker can play their roles in their sleep , and the lack of expression on the former 's face suggests he might be ...
Insane and repetitive , but fans will lap -LRB- ahem -RRB- up this brainless , nitrate-injected sequel .
Once you 're hooked to its towbar , it 's hard to let go .
These films embrace their silliness , and director Justin Lin moves the film along at such an exciting pace that your cerebral cortex never has time to tell you everything that 's impossibly stupid about the action you 've witnessed .
Justin Lin takes craziness to new heights and if the audience is willing to suspend disbelief , it 's another worthwhile joyride into action-adventure fantasyland .
Fast and Furious 6 is something of a mixed bag , but the likeable cast and ludicrous action moments ensure that it delivers the requisite amount of fun .
The saving grace of the scripting silliness is a good dollop of humour , proving that writer Chris Morgan is fully aware of its daftness .
Has something for everyone , so long as everyone wants their action supercharged .
Even by the paltry standard of previous scripts , it 's slow-witted and wo n't shut up .
It 's improbable , to say the least , but it is absolutely beautifully staged , and Lin milks every bit of tension possible out of every beat .
With its puerile dialogue , daft performances , flat comic repartee and ear-rupturingly loud sound levels , the experience of watching ` Fast & Furious 6 ' is like listening to death metal pour out of 500-watt speakers while being strapped to a pneumatic drill .
Adds some slightly dodgy new elements to the mix but still delivers what should be enough macho swagger and over-the-top auto action to keep fans of the franchise happy .
Turns the franchise up another notch , injects more nitrate and lets rip ... as events get more and more ridiculous and outrageous , but altogether , more satisfying .
Chances are that you already know if you 're seeing `` Fast & Furious 6 . '' And in part , that 's because there 's a certain solid reliability to the series : it does what it 's meant to do well , and does n't really pay much attention to the rest of it .
Gripes aside , F&F 6 delivers where it matters : exhilarating , non-stop , jump-out-your-seat action .
This new entry will only add mightily to the good fortunes of Universal 's biggest franchise ; no matter how silly and outlandish the action gets -- and it does become ridiculous -- it also delivers the goods its audience expects .
Faithful fans and passersby alike should be more than pleased by this superior piece of classical action craftsmanship .
This just might be the only instance in cinema franchise history where the heavy implication of a sixth sequel actually seems appealing .
The action sequences are uniformly excellent and immaculately choreographed , although Justin Lin does edit the chase scenes with a touch too much haste and fury .
A winning combination of audacious set pieces , outrageous stunts , brawny banter and plot twists .
Furious 6 , like its predecessors , is a big screen no-brainer that 's objectively terrible but undeniably pleasurable .

@highlight

With high-octane humor and terrific action scenes , Fast & Furious 6 builds upon the winning blockbuster formula that made Fast 5 a critical and commercial success .