A Lou Reed concert film that I connected with despite it being a downer .
Schnabel 's set design , onstage projections , and postproduction add a good deal of visual noise to Reed & company 's aural variety , which reproduces the album with a mixture of professional exactitude and unpredictable cacophony .
Those who admire Reed will find that Schnabel 's film allows the music to speak for itself against its rather messy background .
It 's Reed 's gruff and tuneless delivery that challenges one 's enjoyment .
Reed , who 's looking more and more like a Bond villain , comes close to smiling at one point , although the chances are you wo n't .
For devotees only , I 'm guessing .
Reed 's unmistakable lilting groan has real pain in it , hinting at a real but undisclosed personal story behind the music .
An entirely watchable concert movie , providing depressing songs are your thing .
If you do n't like the music , there 's nothing to see here .
If you love Lou Reed or even like Lou Reed a little , musically this film is worth your time and , unless you 've got an amazing audio system at home , it should be experienced in a theatrical setting .
Performed live , the haunting material finds new life ... Schnabel has created an incredibly artistic experience out of the concert with many moments that will give you goosebumps .
A well made concert film that will , nevertheless , fail to satisfy Reed 's many dedicated fans .
Once again a concert documentary allows those of us unable to have witnessed a monumental event to see it seemingly exactly as it took place .
It 's direly beautiful , sometimes spine-tingling and , yes , gloomy as purgatory .
Reed 's dour , bombastic song-suite about the lives of the drug-addicted and downtrodden steadily acquired cult cachet over the decades , peaking with its staging as a complete-album concert in 2006 , which Lou Reed 's Berlin documents .
Who could have guessed that nearly 35 years after its release , Lou Reed 's once-reviled concept album Berlin would inspire a sold-out concert , shot with loving awe by Julian Schnabel ?
Your enjoyment will hinge entirely on whether you think the album is a masterpiece or a bore .
For die-hard Reed fans , it 's an invaluable document .
In Julian Schnabel 's grimly majestic concert film Lou Reed 's Berlin , Mr. Reed wears the deadpan smirk of a Zen master who has endured punishing Buddhist training .
Schnabel and Kuras know their subject enough to know how to frame him : with space , darkness , and unyielding cool .
For Reed fans -- for rock fans -- the movie is an essential document of a noteworthy event .
This luminously shot concert movie reveals that Berlin is far from the lost masterpiece the movie wants it to be .
Schnabel is not exactly the ideal interpreter of Lou Reed 's Berlin-years anguish . And the Berlin songs themselves do n't transport one into that experience so much as convey a once-novel attitude .
A concert film by technicality , a cinematic trance in practicality .
One of the most fascinating performances of the year .
Reed tears into the material .
The movie experience gets in its own way .
The indulgent might term it `` introspective , '' but a baleful , empty narcissism is the major affect one feels .
An intimate venue coupled with incredibly energetic and heart-felt performances from Reed , the Brooklyn Youth Chorus and a string and brass section to die for make for a moving experience .
Excellent concert docu revisits a neglected chapter in Reed 's back catalog .
One of the nice things about Schnabel 's film is the way it transmits the energy of one of those concerts where everything comes together . Even impassive , stern Lou himself is wearing a huge smile on his face by the end .
As shot by the incomparable Ellen Kuras , the concert retains a rich organic feel , complementing the music without over-determining it .

@highlight

Julian Schnabel expertly captures the dark melancholy of Lou Reed 's misunderstood concept album in this moving concert documentary .