Despite uneven scripting , the whole thing works thanks to some astonishing set-piece sequences .
Even a lively electronic score by M83 , a bustling Imax presentation and Cruise at his most action-pic watchable ca n't make this inert film come to life .
Despite some problems with pacing and slightly flat characters , it has an interesting premise and a damn fine payoff . It 's not going to change your life , but it will definitely help you escape for a little while .
Learning from those who came before you is n't exactly a heinous crime . Oblivion is an enjoyable film that makes the most of its Imax format and is vastly superior to other recent sci-fi fare like The Host .
Oblivion is basically what it would look like if Wall-E ate Blade Runner and threw it up in HALO .
It 's a shame that its poor editing inhibits what could have been a memorable movie .
The bigger the screen this is watched on , the better .
In the end , was the movie 's title supposed to be the state of the characters , or the audience ? Were we supposed to passively sit through the film without questioning the plotholes ?
Complaints about plausibility , logic , or common sense aside , Oblivion looks great .
Here 's the trouble with mainstream science fiction filmmaking these days : there 's no expectation that an audience is capable of putting things together or waiting for a payoff .
Oh , it 'll command your attention alright ; it 's got Tom Cruise and Morgan Freeman after all-both can command attention . Cruise plays a commander , even .
Is it better to bore an audience or to annoy them ? `` Oblivion '' answers that question enthusiastically - `` Why choose one when you can have both !? ''
The story that eventually surfaces is no where near as interesting as the mesmerizing look of the film .
Oblivion delivers a blast of midsummer heat to the middle of April . And , unlike many a potential blockbuster , it 's full of ambition . Just try not to think about it too much .
`` Oblivion '' has the kind of magpie fecundity you 'd hope to find bursting from the pages of une bande dessinée freshly re-inked into English . But as a movie , it 's like a terabyte farm of all the films Kosinski has ever steeped in .
Although it looks spectacular and boasts some pungent ideas , the surprise-to-running-time ratio is out of whack .
In a film whose first frame is a memory , it uses its familiarity to us to its advantage . It 's like making a sandwich the way your mom used to make them , achieving sense memory of past pleasures .
A film whose beauty and emotional aspirations ultimately overpower the story problems it runs into along the way .
What makes it watchable is Kosinski 's -LRB- and cinematographer Claudio Miranda 's -RRB- gift for breathtaking pictorial images -- plus , of course , Cruise 's undiluted star power .
Joseph Kosinski 's only previous credit was the visually rich but intellectually bankrupt Tron Legacy ; and while this film is a bit more satisfying , it is driven only by its gorgeous visuals .
As a piece of narrative , though , it 's portentous , sluggish and fatally ungripping .
It takes more than an hour for Oblivion to become whatever it is the filmmakers think it 's supposed to be .
In space , Jack hopes , someone may hear you dream . But in a movie theater , no one will see you yawn .
Kosinski 's totality of vision may not look or feel entirely original but is striking and memorable all the same .
Are we really seeing a movie called `` Oblivion '' at all ? Or is it merely a collection of concepts pulled from the likes of `` Blade Runner , '' `` Planet of the Apes , '' `` Total Recall '' and even the director 's own `` Tron : Legacy ? ''
Joseph Kosinski 's Oblivion is far from original and instead acts as yet another genre rip-off that looks shiny and expensive , but is hollow and lifeless where it counts
Oblivion is a deliberate and beautifully crafted picture that embraces genre trappings without sacrificing the emotional heft of pure drama .
... beautifully designed but derivative science fiction that suffers more than it benefits from Tom Cruise 's turbo-charged energy .
Amazing computer-generated imagery and a few nifty action beats , but suffers from a lack of human connection .
This visually beautiful film falters with a meandering plot .
Paying lip service to sci-fi tropes , this hapless futuristic romp pilfers liberally without adding any depth .
In the third act , motives and loyalties get twisted around so frequently that it becomes difficult to keep track of what anyone is fighting for in the first place .
Oblivion is just a hot mess of a movie .
That it ca n't match the classics it takes as inspiration should n't be used to condemn it too harshly .
A derivative sci-fi drama that blends some nifty plot twists with its mysteriously serene futuristic adventure .
A classic case of concept being better than execution .
An intriguing look lacks a plot to match
Oblivion is too somber to cater in escapist thrills and too vacuous to offer emotional or intellectual engagement .
It 's exactly the sort of cheesy , awkward sci-fi junk Cruise 's savior L. Ron Hubbard used to crank out before he ventured into the lucrative field of cult religion .
The action sequences are well-constructed , but forced : They 're concessions to the marketplace , and they interfere with the movie 's true interest in the routine rather than the extremes of postapocalyptic survival .
Large-scale , original sci-fi is a hard thing to come by these days , and despite its familiar story Oblivion does dream up some great ideas
An admirable failure ; an overlong , awkwardly paced mishmash of cool but familiar ideas and all-too predictable plot-twists .
really no more derivative a science fiction thriller than most these days , it just has the unfortunate tendency of seeming to be more obvious about it
Unfortunately , when the story seems like an afterthought and the audience ca n't follow the plot progression , the movie ultimately fails
Feels ever more grounded and stuck ...
`` The dream is always the same . ''
People who need anything remotely resembling an emotional anchor in their movies had best look elsewhere .
This big budget , epic science fiction film is engaging enough most of the way , although it does wander in the final act until it finally ends up where you thought it would after some plot twists that are mildly annoying .
A giant IMAX screen makes a bad movie even worse .
OBLIVION is a film with the look being a lot more satisfying than the thought .
Tom Cruise is CAPTAIN EO !
Kosinki is no hack . He 's made a gorgeous-looking experience , the kind they invented IMAX to accommodate . He 's a pastiche artist , cribbing stylishness and building his own beautiful ice sculpture ...
The jam-packed storyline piles on themes and sci-fi clichés , pompously wraps them around an obscure Victorian era poem , then throws in an Andrew Wyeth painting for good cultural measure .
While the visuals in Oblivion are superb , the plot wanders into more than a few `` are you kidding me ? '' moments , in particular the timeline , which does n't make much sense .
First and foremost designed as a platform for Cruise 's physical skills . Which is not at all bad for us action fans and those of us who are suckers for concepts of advanced technology .
That I did n't mind seeing it -- apart from finding the opening stretch on the tedious side -- is n't enough in my mind to warrant its reported $ 120 million price tag .
Tom Cruise entertains in this intriguing sci-fi flick that is full of twists and turns .
It 's not like Tom Cruise has n't made a great sci-fi movie in his career ; `` Minority Report '' is a masterpiece . `` Oblivion , '' on the other hand , is just what the title portends .
You know a picture 's derivative when a list of titles in the same genre technically constitutes a spoiler . It 's not so much that these films provide the picture 's DNA as that Kosinski uses them as his personal cinematic ATM .
Plot holes and mismanagement of suspense aside , it fails because it establishes an interesting premise and then abandons its characters as soon as things get complicated in favor of a typical save the world-type action story .
Ultimately , Oblivion is aptly named - no other movie so far this year has been so instantly forgettable .
In Oblivion , Cruise has more chemistry with drones than with his two love interests .
It borrows at least half the plot from Duncan Jones 's amazing , underrated Moon -LRB- 2009 -RRB- . Worse , it takes all the elements that made Moon work and removes them .
The characters are n't quite deep enough and the story 's twists are too dependent on murky motivations and head-slapping coincidences to satisfy .
Was Cruise trying to beat out fellow Scientologist John Travolta for the honor of starring in the dumbest sci-fi epic ever ?
The filmmakers fail to answer a sizable number of questions , electing instead to let audience members fill in the blanks to such an extent that anyone who sees this film would have a justifiable reason to sue to get their names added as co-scenarists .
a slow-moving behemoth of a film that has been art-directed into a coma
If nothing else , `` Oblivion '' will go down in film history as the movie where Tom Cruise pilots a white , sperm-shaped craft into a giant space uterus .
Not all of Oblivion 's big ideas stick - in fact some of them threaten to send the film spiralling into its namesake - but at its best , the film achieves something that is highly elusive in modern film : it is completely and utterly engrossing .
40 years ago , the part of Jack would undoubtedly have gone to Charlton Heston .
An ostentatious steak dinner in the special effects department never makes up for a story that tastes more like cheap ramen noodles .
Digital effects abound , but they are in service to the story , to an idea , instead of being the point . Good , smart sci-fi like this is increasingly rare .
Extraordinary , if a little hard to follow at times . A jaw-dropping , exciting and the most visually stunning and innovative science-fiction thriller to hit the screen since ` Blade Runner ' . Cruise delivers one of the best performances of his career .
Only charismatic Tom Cruise could elevate this derivative , exposition-heavy sci-fi into a compelling adventure .
Love the effects and Oblivion does have some interesting moments . For fans it will satisfy the sci-fi thirst for a short time until they start thinking about its many flaws .
Is n't as challenging as it imagines itself to be , yet its sophistication and interest in vulnerability is welcome in a genre that often avoids the subtle to go big with the boom .
A boldly rendered film with faulty nuts , bolts and wiring is still , at its core , a movie that does n't work . Witness Oblivion .
This is the sci-fi movie equivalent of a pretty damn good cover band .
Which brings us to `` Oblivion 's '' biggest drawback ; its lack of originality . The movie borrows from so many sources that you can spend the entire 125 minutes playing `` Name That Movie . ''
The part of the film that works the best ? Morgan Freeman looks absolutely awesome in those sunglasses .
It 's a shame the story ca n't live up to the incredible visuals .
It 's a noble attempt to focus on a love story within a blockbuster sci-fi summer movie ; it 's too bad that love cost us the chance to have a fun ride into the future .
Think of Tom Cruise as a more intense and less charming Wall-E .
Call it homage or call it a rip-off . Either way , the script for Oblivion is needlessly derivative , which makes it much less of a movie than it should be .
Jack 's journey is allowed to feel natural -LRB- if increasingly obvious -RRB- as he moves closer to the unknown dangers hidden behind the truth , and the trip is ultimately a rewarding one .
Narrative Deja Vu Haunts Oblivion .
If only as much time was spent on the too-predictable story as was spent on the special effects .
I 'm not exactly a science fiction freak , nor do I play video games . But I still rather enjoyed this incredible ride .
For an IMAX movie with all the technical advances at its disposal , this movie was annoyingly dull .
It has its twists and turns but its ponderous length causes `` Oblivion '' to fall into ... .
Survivors battle for control of a post-nuclear Earth in a visually stunning adventure .
Of all of the qualities that Cruise brings to a film , an unfortunate one is inevitability . To alter that perception , and truly surprise us , would really be a Maverick move .
Oblivion would have been better titled Thelma & Louise because , like the characters in that 1991 drama , it drives itself over a cliff .
Even as so many once-bankable action stars ungracefully age out of the genre , Cruise reclaims it ... and returns to doing what he does best .
Unfortunately , they did n't get the story right . The first three-quarters of the film is very predictable . And , despite a couple of nice twists in the last act , it 's not enough to counterbalance that predictability .
The film stands on the shoulders of giants , but the view from there is still pretty damn good .
` Oblivion ' tells a captivating future story with rich visuals and an intriguing leading man .
As a director , Kosinski is a great production designer . But as a dramatist ? Not so much .
Even if Oblivion comes up short of being the insta-classic sci-fi masterpiece it so clearly aspires to be , it does n't miss by much . It may not `` wow '' a generation -- but it will certainly entertain many of them .
Glossy , derivative , ambitious and fatally underpowered .
The story eventually devolves into a grab bag of sci-fi tropes but , as with so many other Cruise productions , the sheer scale of everything is so mind-numbing that you may not notice .
Stylized sci-fi entertains ; expect deaths , sexy stuff .
The ending is overlong and disappointing , but for an impressive stretch of time ` Oblivion ' is a wonder to behold .
Some things borrowed , some things Cruise , some things old and nothing new ; ` Oblivion ' is pretty as a picture , but dumb and pointless as a bag of hammers made of meth .
The movie will earn solid numbers at the box office and probably disappear into celluloid oblivion in less than a month - but that does n't mean Cruise 's latest action effort is n't a fun ride .
If Kosinski wants to keep making these elaborate techno-dystopias , I 'm down . But he needs to find a better framework for his visual ideas .
A light sci-fi snack of gently pre-chewed elements from other , meatier futuristic movies .
The movie stars Tom Cruise , which is probably what will lead people to misguidedly expect many explosions and a great deal of running .
Here is a very fine-looking movie with a simple premise that continually gets bogged down by each new and underdeveloped detail of its plot .
An arresting mix of visuals and music -LRB- the M83 score is excellent -RRB- is boosted by a more ambitious and cerebral plot than you 'd expect . Cruise and Riseborough are excellent .
It looks good , particularly on an IMAX screen , but the flick is ultimately style over substance . Involving it is not .
The sly , surprising and visually magnificent Tom Cruise vehicle that has forced me - and many other people , I suspect - to revise my first opinion of director Joseph Kosinski .
A twisty-turny piece of sci-fi escapism that mostly stands on its own .
Oblivion is an okay blockbuster , a multimillion-dollar exercise in competence .
Kosinski offers plenty of action here , and he lets the plot reveals bleed out slowly -LRB- explanations keep coming right to the end -RRB- . Yes , a great deal is derivative , but it 's fast-moving derivative .
A movie that combines a lot of different films , yet somehow remains less than the sum of its parts ...
It 's a smart blockbuster that may have a hard time finding a large audience , but those that discover it will love it . Especially nerds .
it 's sort of like something L. Ron Hubbard would have written -- but that 's got ta be a coincidence , right ?
Absent of any sense of self-awareness , Oblivion seems only self-serious , a ponderous mess both misguided and unaware .
It 's nice to see a science fiction film that does n't patronize its audience .
Inspired film making and the kind of blockbuster that I can only hope will spark the next wave of visionary sci-fi films in the same way that Kosinski was influenced and so wonderfully honors here .
Oblivion is visual science fiction ecstasy yet is so structurally boring that you 'll be edging towards the door two thirds of the way through the film .
as Jack Harper , Cruise , at his wrinkle-free handsomest , fits perfectly into Kosinski 's worlds -- both the soulless universe of 2077 and the emotionally beige movie of 2013 .
Although shockingly similar to a 1950 Robert Henlein story , ` Universe , ' without credit , this is a well-paced , intriguing tale with terrific special effects .
The narrative 's heart races neither as rapidly nor poetically as it should , and it 's almost pathologically derivative . But ultimately , director Joseph Kosinski 's curious , compelling combination of analog patience and digital prowess saves the film .
Looks so striking and moves so smoothly that it effectively distracts you from the glaring holes in the plot .
I 'll forgive a lot for an IMAX film this pretty , and Oblivion is an artful mish-mash of older sci-fi that borrows from just enough sources that it does n't feel like a ripoff .
More adventurous than your typical Hollywood tent pole , `` Oblivion '' makes you remember why science fiction movies pulled you in way back when and did n't let you go .
The film comes from a comic book , looks like a video game and does n't bother us with complications .
If you 're able to forgive and forget , Oblivion is n't a bad place to start loving Tom Cruise all over again .
Things are not what they seem in the sleek sci-fi film Oblivion , a two-hour exercise in set design , empty calories and Tom Cruise . It would be better if you could figure out what they seem , so you could be properly shocked .
There is solid professionalism on display throughout Oblivion but just nothing to get very excited about .
Some may say it overreaches , but give me that over a simple safety net any day .
Oblivion may not qualify as `` great '' science-fiction cinema , but it 's still a big step up from your typical , big-budget Hollywood fare .
Director Joseph Kosinski focuses on cool visuals but stints on a compelling plot . It 's a dazzler , but the story lacks the impact of the futuristic look .
The mystery posed by `` Oblivion '' as a whole is why its mysteries are posed so clumsily , and worked out so murkily .
The agony of being a longtime Tom Cruise fan has always been a burden , but now it 's just , well , dispiriting .
-LSB- Cruise -RSB- oversees some pretty impressive stuff here , from the drones that ping-pong around in the air to the bubbleship that Jack uses to go to and fro to that awesome house with its panoramic views .
Kosinski 's personal commitment to gorgeous artifice above all other considerations only harms the film so much .
A derivative but elegant sci-fi yarn that boasts dazzling visuals , whiz-bang action sequences and occasional moments of humanity .
Great-looking but not very filling ... this stately , solemn film is yet another sci-fi epic that 's technically accomplished but narratively derivative .
Oblivion gives us stars in the cast , stars in our eyes and it even tweaks a brain cell or three .
... Kosinksi 's story is such a mishmash of those that have come before , everything from `` WALL * E '' to `` Star Wars '' to `` Total Recall '' to `` An Affair to Remember , '' that instead of becoming immersed in it , it becomes a game of spot the reference .
The film is rife with elements from its finest predecessors - Kubrick , Lucas , the Wachowskis and Pixar could be listed as creative consultants - but it has the spirit of a love letter to classic sci-fi , not an opportunistic mash-up .
Playing spot-the-influence is the most fun you 'll have during this expensive-looking , slow-moving plod through familiar territory .
This is one that we 'll basically have to write off as a missed opportunity . It looks great and is mildly interesting at times , but in the end , there 's just not much that 's particularly memorable here .
Nothing looks quite real , and in lieu of being any good or engaging you emotionally , the film pounds you into submission .
There 's no denying that director Joseph Kosinski has vastly matured as a storyteller following his debut with 2010 's ` Tron : Legacy . ' -LRB- Complete Content Details for Parents also available -RRB-
So `` Top Gun '' has become `` Wall-E . ''
The cool stuff in Oblivion is engaging for the first two acts and smooths over the slow parts .
`` Oblivion '' stitches together genre clichés into a surprisingly satisfying tale with enough twists to give you a surprise or two .
So much creativity went into the visual design that apparently little was left when crafting the plot .
From the get-go it 's easy to assume this film will become a sci-fi classic . But as `` Oblivion '' crosses the threshold from the unknown to the all-too-obvious , the Tom Cruise alien adventure falls into familiar territory .
Oblivion is not perfect . But in a genre typically earmarked by superficial sturm und drang , there 's an undercurrent of seriousness here that 's refreshing
Your mind though tends to wander - and wonder - during all the slow bits , which is much of the movie .
Stitched together from spare bits of other , often better films , -LSB- it -RSB- stumbles awkwardly in story and plot , shuffling toward the predictable explosions and fireballs of the third act . Yet ... Oblivion is so beautiful to look at .
Like Tron Legacy , Oblivion is a beautiful , tedious , stupid movie that is an actual chore to endure .
Instead of developing characters , Kosinski pours most of his imagination into the annihilated landscapes and futuristic gadgetry .
It ends quite a bit doofier than it starts , but it 's entertaining enough , and it is very , very pretty .
While a noble effort in terms of scale and ambition , Oblivion entertains only sporadically . There 's a great film somewhere in there , but this is n't it .
When you go to a futuristic , dystopian , post-apocalyptic barn dance starring Tom Cruise and his space guns , you expect a little zap with your thoughtful pauses .
Tom Cruise is the biggest star on the planet , yet his greatest strength is a willingness to take a back seat to a director 's vision .
For all the bells and whistles - an electronic score by M83 , a screen-busting Imax presentation and Cruise going full throttle - Oblivion feels arid and antiseptic , untouched by human hands .
I found it a powerful piece of sci-fi that 's exactly what I want to see more of . By which I do n't mean a specific sequel to this .
Sometimes Oblivion can be pretty oblivious .
Admirable in its look and style , the film is not unique or exceptional . Nevertheless , given the state of current science-fiction fare , the film does hold its own .
The filmmakers do n't even have the courage to see the story to its proper end , opting for a ridiculous finale that feels vaguely insulting .
Oblivion is imperfect but some of its imperfections result from being overly ambitious .
Starting with Cruise 's opening slab of narration , `` Oblivion '' pauses every 15 minutes or so for someone to speak a couple of paragraphs that tell us what 's going on without ever letting us discover anything for ourselves .
While it freely borrows themes and story elements from similar films , `` Oblivion '' creatively synthesizes them into an original picture that is intellectually and emotionally captivating .
Kosinski should have worn sleeves if he was going to try stuffing tricks in there-I rarely predict twists , and I called three of 'em .
A ravishing , eye-popping , even groundbreaking science-fiction epic . `` Oblivion '' impresses again and again on a scale as emotionally intimate as it is physically colossal .
You start wondering whether director Joseph Kosinski and screenwriters Karl Gajdusek and Michael DeBruyn have any original ideas of their own . And then you realize they do n't .
An unsettling sense of not-quite-right coats all of the film 's steely surfaces , and Kosinski and his co-writers give audiences plenty of time to absorb the unease and gear up for the action .
Oblivion is a sci-fi axiom colada .
`` Oblivion '' is not revelatory science-fiction , but that does not stop it from being top-notch science fiction . Originality matters little when the experience is this rich and rewarding .
` Oblivion ' is atmospheric and good-looking and nigh thrilling enough .
The mix of gee-whiz gadgetry and the day-to-day routineness of Jack and Victoria 's lives is interesting enough , but the film is too glacially paced for it to work .
As its palpable sense of dread -- well-sustained in a gently cascading first hour -- gives way to dead ends , this Omega Movie shoots itself in the foot .
A sci-fi action drama whose muddled and weak plot leaves us baffled
Cobbled from so many familiar sci-fi classics that every single plot point is clearly visible from a mile away .
`` Oblivion '' may not live up fully to its grand ambitions , but it is n't for lack of trying .
All the eye candy in the world ca n't mask the sensation that you 've seen this all before ... and done better . Too bad the movie 's script was n't given the same attention as its sleek , brave-new-world look .
Not bad for a movie released during the pre-summer wasteland , which is usually as bleak as the scorched earth of Oblivion .
Rendered with equal parts urgency and familiarity .
` Oblivion ' may not be a complete redemption , but it is loaded with promise .
Just the sort of sci-fi picture you 'd expect to see in April . Close , but not all that .
The only ones who will be really disappointed are those who wanted something engaging instead of what amounts to little more than entertaining eye candy .
For those who enjoy the simple thrill of handsomely stylized image-making , `` Oblivion '' is mostly mesmerizing .
Not that the film does n't want to make your pulse race . It 's just that it seldom does . You have far too much time in this bloated and underwhelming film to consider that fact .
Director Kosinski proves himself talented in ways his Tron : Legacy did n't suggest .
If the dialogue and the concepts of Oblivion had been as fresh and powerful as its art direction , we 'd really have something here . Instead , it 's something borrowed packaged inside something new .
There 's no `` whoa '' moment , no `` spinning top '' head-scratchers . Instead Oblivion feels a little too content to get by on spectacle and star-power alone .
For all its dystopian sweep and moody posturing , Oblivion is too underpowered and underwritten to linger for long in the memory .
Shot in eye-popping 4K , Oblivion immerses us in its dazzlingly created future world from the start ... Kosinski does n't quite manage to sustain the film 's opening promise ... But the spell is n't entirely dispelled .
Like a ` Best Of ' album for sci-fi movies , Oblivion 's gorgeous production value brings new life to old classics .
It makes one realise how little there is left to be said about the future .
We must hope that the women do n't get younger as Cruise gets older as the result could be illegal by the time he hits his seventies .
Joseph Kosinski 's ode to classic 1970s sci-fi lacks serious tension , but does offer visual flair and elegance , with a typically arresting performance from Andrea Riseborough .
Directed with pace-driven efficiency by Joseph Kosinski -LRB- who did Tron : Legacy , but do n't hold that against him -RRB- , the film does indulge some sci-fi movie standards but is lifted well above the pack by its `` what the ? '' plot turns .
It is n't by any means a game changer , but it has the performances , the story and especially the look to make a trip to the cinema worth it .
Earth may be a radioactive wasteland , all its cities erased from the planet , but it 's a bright , sunny kind of postapocalyptic hellscape ... -LSB- It 's -RSB- postcard-pretty -- greetings from afterscape Earth ! -- in a strikingly original sci-fi way .
Some eye-popping cinematography by Life of Pi 's Oscar-winning Claudio Miranda highlights the wondrous landscapes , with the frequent recourse to a shallow depth of field often resembling a new kind of extreme , indoor sport . Blink and be blurred !
With elements lifted from virtually every sci-fi classic in film history , this post-apocalyptic adventure feels eerily familiar but features just enough plot twists and emotional resonance to make it enjoyable .
Although the film is derivative and predictable , it nonetheless makes no sense whatsoever in the end .
As futurology it stinks . But as anaesthetised fantasy it works very nicely .
A great introduction to the sci-fi genre if you 've been living in a nuclear fallout shelter since the 1950s . For those more familiar with the genre , it 's an elaborate sci-fi theme park ride
Mildly enjoyable , Cruise is good , and it 's too middle-of-the-road to really dislike .
The film has not a vestige of wit , originality or human interest .
slow , heavy-handed and stiff-jointed , prone to admiring the scenery and populating it with bits and pieces plucked from a smorgasbord of post-apocalyptic interplanetary reality-bending cuisine .
Starts as a kind of Silent Running or Omega Man -LRB- bliss -RRB- but collapses into a noisy Matrix-y Independence Day .
A terrific-looking sci-fier that loses steam in the second half .
Oblivion 's leading man is as dependable as ever . A shame that the film , while pretty , is somewhat ponderous , and ultimately fails to cohere into a narratively satisfying whole .
The trouble with Oblivion is that it never gets past second gear , and most of the ideas feel cloned .
Rich with ideas , and driven by extraordinary visuals , the occasionally confusing but deeply rewarding ` Oblivion ' is a top-flight slice of sci-fi .
Oblivion succeeds , not for its originality , but by firing the pillars of modern sci-fi cinema through Kosinski 's sensory prism .
There 's plenty to enjoy if you can look past the unconvincing emotional connections .
Oblivion is one of the best-looking bad films ever made .
It is just as well director Joseph Kosinski renders his vision of a post-apocalyptic Earth with such crisp acuity , because his story plays a little fuzzy at times .
Overlong and familiar ... it 's never especially bad , but neither is it especially excellent , beyond the visual wow factor . But there 's still a lot to admire in the film , not least that it 's engaging from the first moment to the last .
Cast yourself into oblivion .
Never boring but only occasionally brilliant .
Much like his last film , Tron : Legacy , writer/director Joseph Kosinki has created a good-looking but unengaging experience .
Kosinski continues to lavish far more thought on how his elaborate fantasy worlds look than how they work , and neither the politics nor the human stakes here coalesce into rational or relatable drama .
The script 's philosophical musings about humanity and self-sacrifice are almost as flimsy as the central love triangle that fails to ignite the emotional afterburners for a slam-bang finale .
Kosinski has again built a fantasy world that feels real to its core , but once more put most effort into the scenery and too little into the people .
Oblivion is a visual feast with strong performances and an intriguing central mystery , but it 's slightly let down by a nakedly derivative script and a general lack of warmth .
Intelligent , innovative and intimate sci-fi is always welcome , but Oblivion is n't quite it .
A moderately clever dystopian mindbender with a gratifying human pulse , despite some questionable narrative developments along the way .
Sci-fi fans ... may feel like they 've seen much of this before , albeit rarely put together this stunningly .
Oblivion may impress with its scale . But rather like Kosinski 's depiction of Earth , it feels devoid of humanity - and that 's a major design flaw .
It 's a shame the lack of originality becomes a distraction forty minutes in and the spectacle is n't enough to stem the overriding sense of déjà vu .
While it tries hard to resurrect the spirit of '60s and '70s sci-fi , what it actually feels more like is The Matrix without the benefit of a bullet time-like gimmick .
There is a small , not-so-convincing emotional element to Oblivion but this is a film to be enjoyed more for its mystery and intrigue .
Writers who direct their own rather complex stories often are too familiar with the material to be able to really clarify it for the audience
Does its best to dazzle by its myriad of special effects but confuses itself . Visuals superb , though ... and best part is the contrasting dynamic between Cruise and his two striking female co-stars
The pace is far less frenetic than other recent actioners , and the tone more thoughtful . With a lovely score and particularly nice performances from its central trio , the final cut of Oblivion suggests greatness was not entirely out of reach .
Oblivion goes on for a long time , moving slowly and self-consciously , and it looks like a very expensive movie project that has been written and rewritten many times over .
Não oferece uma narrativa coesa o suficiente para criar o impacto dramático necessário , mas é ambicioso o bastante para não descartar as boas ideias que tem .
Kosinski piles up money shot after money shot -LRB- digitally enhancing desolate Iceland locations to good effect -RRB- , while harnessing a soaring score from M83 to power along the ride .
A sci-fi that 's always a little more inclined to have the heart racing instead of the grey matter working . As an upgrade from the cold , emotionless Tron : Legacy , however , it 's outstanding .
Stunning design , clever twists and turns , strong performances and one of the best soundtracks in recent memory marred by one of the most patronising unnecessary voice-over narrations of all time .

@highlight

Visually striking but thinly scripted , Oblivion benefits greatly from its strong production values and an excellent performance from Tom Cruise .