Shines .
One weird movie .
A compelling addition to the long tradition of artful French film adaptations of works of mystery and suspense literature .
It 's a gripping and powerful film that intrigues by the confluence of the mundane with the extraordinary .
Barely makes it into the passing lane . It 's stop-and-go all the way .
A peculiar and occasionally engaging thriller that unfortunately lacks thrills .
Everything that ensues is exactly what we expect to ensue , doled out with a fastidiousness that places too high a priority on verisimilitude and not enough on , y' know , entertainment .
Puts a tense , deteriorating marriage on a highway-bound collision course with a killer .
An exercise in intrigue and tension , and the slow , constant build-up of dread has a certain Hitchcock flair .
A film of pat psychology
Before it turns into a thriller , and goes badly awry , Red Lights paints a devastating little portrait of a marriage on the rocks .
Kahn 's amazing ability to sustain a mood of impending dread makes this film a boderline classic .
Contentious sparks fly off the screen , for Kahn has chosen the most vicious of battlefields for his dramatic grid - an unhappy marriage .
The power of suggestion is so strong in Red Lights that , when it ends , you may feel like the whole movie was in your mind .
Thriller/mystery buffs might find the narrative slow ; the thriller elements are n't introduced until the movie is nearly half over , and the mystery starts even later . But a dandy payoff will reward those who are patient .
Cedric Kahn is so adept at building Hitchcockian suspense out of the ordinary that the twist is truly chilling rather than silly .
It 's admirably streamlined and spare .
Not since Two for the Road -LRB- 1967 -RRB- has a married couple in French transit been slapped so sideways along the byways .
It 's a very sly piece of filmmaking .
Red Lights seethes with unexpected thrills around almost every corner . Antoine ... has no clue to what lies ahead . ... Neither do we . That elevates the intrigue .
A devastating dissection of middle-age male disaffection .
You get more than a few cheap scares or a rambling parable on domestic contentedness , but a movie with intellectual and psychological oomph
-LSB- The plot -RSB- is filled with ingenious deceptions and sleight-of-hand trickery .
Noirishly atmospheric , Red Lights proceeds with caution for much of its length , rarely getting up to cruising speed .
Kahn has taken the slight , character-driven piece and invested it with a delicious frisson of quiet , almost everyday menace ... stop and watch .
Brings with it everything a movie goer would want in a bracingly adult film .
A hair-raising French thriller .
The most ambiguously compelling romance around .
A chilling study of brink-of-divorce domesticity and wicked Hitchcockian sexual politics .
It has that French feel to it that 's hard to describe , but immediately recognizable . If Hollywood made it , you would have the action , but not the tension - Viva la différence .
Subtle and stylish , Red Lights will remind moviegoers not only of Ms. -LSB- Flannery -RSB- O'Connor but also of Alfred Hitchcock .
But there 's a line between suspense and mere annoyance , a line director Kahn is either flagrantly ignoring or just does n't understand .
Like Hitchcock , Kahn uses dry humor and keen observation of human character -LRB- and character flaws -RRB- to spin a compelling brand of menace .
This French ... opens so promisingly that it 's tres tragique when , two-thirds along , it makes a U-turn into the melodramatic and maudlin .
The film , like the cheap double-scotches quaffed down by the central character , leaves a distinctly sour aftertaste that 's hard to wash away the morning after .
As thrillers go , this one is domestic , mundane and hypnotic .
An eerily affecting domestic drama combining elements of The Lost Weekend with Lost Highway .
A weird road-trip spin on Sam Peckinpah 's Straw Dogs .
Psychologically dense and often unnerving , Red Lights takes you into the most dangerous territory of all -- the twisted mind of a man , whose facade crumbles over the course of an evening .
Red Lights blends the blind tension of Hitchcock with a French sense of inevitability , leading us back and forth between action and surrender before ending just where it should .
Is it a memorable cinematic experience ? Oddly , no .
Events never transpire as one would expect from a more conventional thriller .
Red Lights bristles with subcutaneous fear at signals which Hollywood thrillers routinely run .
One of the best thrillers I have seen this year : tight , taut , and unpredictable .
Unexpected in every way .
Its pace is altogether too measured , but ultimately pays off in broad Hitchcockian strokes
It evokes the spirit of Hitchcock and Highsmith , as Antoine undergoes an all-night odyssey that redeems his manhood , at the expense , naturally , of all good behavior .
Had Kahn got the finale right , Red Lights would be up there with the best of them . But do n't worry : you 'll be too drained leaving the cinema to complain too loudly .
An excellent performance from Jean-Pierre Darroussin is the driving force in what could be described as a psychological drama , a road movie and a thriller
Some viewers , such as this one , may find themselves thinking : ` None of this would be happening if the bartenders at French roadhouses refused to serve alcohol to the designated driver . '
A remarkably compelling marital nightmare .
Kahn has a marvelous command of the material , showing a fine facility for the elements of the genre .
The novel from which writer-director Cedric Kahn adapted Red Lights was , ironically , set in the United States over an arid Labor day weekend . Kahn 's update may be more air-conditioned , but it 's just as claustrophobic , creepy and allegorical .
Taut , atmospheric , impeccably made psychological thriller .
A splendid evocation of its literary inspiration .
The true mystery , Red Lights ' real thrill ride -- and what seems to interest Kahn most , despite his skill at arranging the trappings of suspense -- is marriage .
Take a bickering couple , put them in a car , get the driver drunk , add some terrible traffic and an escaped killer , and you 've got `` Red Lights , '' a movie I recommend to no one .
The endless line of glowing red brake lights ahead , the glaring headlights behind and the psychological tension within the capsule of the car combine to create a poisonous atmosphere that gradually seeps out and pervades the entire film .
Austere little thriller that works its way under your skin even before much of anything happens .
Emotion and aesthetics get equal play in this adaptation of a novel by Georges Simenon , creating high-tension entertainment of the highest order .
France has produced dozens of Hitchcock - style films since Cahiers du Cinema elevated Hitch to the pantheon nearly five decades ago , but few lately have been as suspenseful and psychologically insightful as Red Lights .
There is something thoroughly American about its theme of masculinity and rough justice . It 's as if Antoine wants to release his inner-Dirty Harry .
It is a chilly study of an uncomfortably common breed of male paranoia .
Strange , scary , and atmospheric , with a delicious Claude Debussy score .
A satisfyingly well-wrought , old-school thriller : Character drives the plot , literally .
Mr. Darroussin and Ms. Bouquet make Antoine and Helene such compelling characters that their lives seem to become precious by their very fragility .
Even normally radiant Bouquet ca n't save Red Lights from its flawed logic and uneven tone .
From Simenon 's taut , breath-catching tale , writer-director Cedric Kahn has made an engrossing film with a great central performance by Jean-Pierre Darroussin .
Red Lights is a gripping and convincing French psychodrama with a tour de force performance by Jean-Pierre Darroussin .
Kahn 's direction is aces ; he 's learned the tricks from the masters of suspense and noir and added a spaced out sensibility of his own .
Absorbing and suspenseful .
Admirable in its cinematographic conception , but too many minor characters introduce aspects that need explaining but are ignored .
A suspensful road movie that wholly transcends the vulgarity of typically American attempts at the genre .
Cédric Kahn 's latest finds an elaborate metaphor for a man 's frustrated existence in the highways of France .
Cédric Kahn has crafted a motion picture that is a mix of genres that succeeds in convincing the audience to care about the characters on screen .
Works as both a detailed examination of urban marriage and a creepy road movie .
... Kahn slowly , skillfully drags his audience into the abyss .
A sort of relationship thriller about the discomfort of living in one another 's company - and also about the terror of being alone in the night .
A classy and clever French thriller .









@highlight

Red Lights is a taut , character-driven thriller , set against the debris-strewn battleground of a failing marriage .