This is the grown up version of these films and given the history of the movies , its absolutely earned .
Mangold 's film is undoubtedly overlong and some stretches do drag , but Jackman and Stewart 's superb , nuanced performances ensure that it 's not just the fight scenes but also the emotionally charged ones that really pack a punch .
An harsh testament ... to an enduring icon . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Even if the dire tone gives off the whiff of calculation , its violence and profanity are liberating , a closing of the gap between comic book fantasy and life as we recognize it .
After some nine X-Men movies of various stripes and styles including a couple of previous stand-alone Wolverine films , I had little hope that the best was yet to come . But indeed it has come in the form of Logan ...
One has taken Jackman for granted in this role , but there 's something grandly Shakespearean too about the Wolverine 's rage against the dying of the light .
Whether or not you think Superhero Movies is a genre in itself , -LSB- Logan -RSB- proves that you can have other genres , other types of films that you 're familiar with , but add the element of superheroes , or in this case , mutants .
Logan does take worthwhile risks and breaks some good ground in superhero storytelling .
The best comic-book-inspired offering this year - and maybe ever - was the weighty , somber , ultra-violent final chapter in the X-Men 's Wolverine saga .
At over two hours , the movie drags a bit towards its finish , but still remains a strong tribute to Jackman as Logan , bidding him a fond farewell as he exits the series .
An amazing way to end Logan 's saga .
Mangold has crafted a movie that sends its hero off in great feeling and style . Logan has a great emotional depth and Jackman is terrific .
Logan would absolutely deserve a Best Picture Oscar nomination , even more than Christopher Nolan 's hailed yet arguably snubbed Batman masterpiece The Dark Knight .
You mean this is the Wolverine we could have always had ? Of course this would be the last one . Logan is a fantastically dark and satisfying story ending for this Hugh Jackman 's Wolverine .
If indoctrinating child audiences into accepting , and enjoying , brutal deadly violence was the intent of the filmmakers responsible for making `` Logan , '' then their mission is accomplished .
Logan is a melancholic paen to the Western with enough blood and gore to redefine what a comic book movie can and should be .
Inspired by Old Man Logan , this film is very grounded and it 's not the typical superhero action film .
... the despair is compensated with certain optimism by a new generation with retractable claws . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The film does have a generous amount of gore and splatter . But the whole blood soaked approach is what makes this movie such a dark and fascinating experience .
If this is some sort of a farewell , then , sad to say , it 's too nasty for me .
`` Logan '' is not only the most violent Marvel movie ever made , but also one of the very best
Logan is well made , though , with SUPERB acting across the board , including franchise-best performances from Jackman and Stewart .
Logan , Hugh Jackman 's ninth and final outing as the Wolverine , is really a profoundly hopeful film .
Heartbreaking yet touching , Logan is a fitting farewell to an icon .
-LSB- Hugh -RSB- Jackman is up to the task , as usual . But he , the character , and the fans might have wished for the saga to go out with a little less bang , and a lot more heart .
The superhero movie is a major American genre , and one that is malleable for the silly and the profound . And Logan is the most profound one yet .
And so the curtain comes down on the Wolverine series . Logan is n't so much a fitting finale for the series as a fitting finale for one of the most beloved superhero characters in the Marvel universe .
-LSB- Logan -RSB- puts a period at the end of a 17-year sentence .
One of the most gripping Marvel-inspired movies yet .
Logan is n't just a great superhero movie , it 's a great movie .
Logan ventures to all the places superhero movies have tended not to go .
I will not tell you about the final scene , but suffice to say there was not a dry eye in the theatre that day . I never thought I would cry in a Wolverine movie , but there it is .
In his final round as Wolverine , Jackman 's iconic portrayal ultimately shows the man coming around .
In Logan , Laura kicks the most ass , saves the most lives , and possesses the biggest heart . It 's all about the unbridled force of good old-fashioned girl power .
At its best , really does feel like it 's making a strong play for that title -LSB- of Best Comic Book Movie of the ' 10s -RSB- .
Logan may be a slower , more character-driven comic book movie , but it 's incredibly gritty and violent as well ,
How Marvel and Fox can ever top this I do n't know . But there 's going to be some great nights at the multiplex in the next couple of years watching them try .
`` Logan '' proves there 's nothing wrong with mindless entertainment - especially when the people making said entertainment have put their minds to making the best movie they can .
Absolutely bloody brilliant . Brutal , foul-mouthed and tragic .
True to the spirit of the Marvel comics the character was ripped from , this is a splatter fest of bone splitting , brain skewering violence . And it 's all the more fun for it .
These are things that I wish Logan had done better , but that in itself says something . I wish it had done these things better precisely because it is a very good movie , and a very , very good Wolverine story .
Tthe plotting is a bit too blockbuster-pulpy for the movie to be the cleansing back-to-basics art it seems to want to be . Still , I must be honest and say I got misty a couple of times .
Imagine a superhero film that feels more realistic than most war dramas .
Can a comic book superhero movie tell a human story ? Logan makes the case that the genre is not limited to spectacle , end of the world stakes , or world-building chapters in a massive franchise .
Jackman find the humanity in `` Logan . ''
A moving tribute to a beloved character .
Come for the adamantium claws but bring a box of tissues ; you knew this was going to happen sooner than later .
Logan is not just the latest but the greatest Wolverine movie .
While Mangold grants the gruesome , R-rated dreams of X-fans , Logan stands as one of the best comic book movies of all time by slicing through fatalistic philosophy
` Logan ' delivers a savage , powerful tale .
A vast improvement over The Wolverine ...
` Logan ' is definitely good news for those looking for more visceral stories in comics . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Hugh Jackman-allegedly-says goodbye to Wolverine with Logan in this gritty , bloody , nasty and awesome ride .
An ultra-violent drama about time and loss , an emotional final journey of a hero in conflict with himself . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Logan has bite that leaves a mark . Surprisingly , that biggest mark is left on the heart .
Logan when , in the aftermath , our heroes navigate a battleground littered with non-combatants . For all the wrestling in the Marvel Universe with collateral damage , this is the best , most devastating representation of it .
Logan is one of the best of the entire X-Men franchise .
Logan/i > is everything we complain comic book movies are n't : It 's contemplative and poignant , and there are depths to these characters only hinted at in earlier films .
A very good and often compelling action film , warts and all .
You do n't need to like superheroes to enjoy this film , you just need to know that it will leave you welling up with tears and clutching your loved ones , which is a momentous achievement for any blockbuster indeed .
a gritty , bloody , and ultimately heartfelt paean to both the sanctity and the temporality of life
It 's the film that many expected . If it were true that Jackman will not return to the role , we can say that he said goodbye in a dignified manner . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The movie is exhilaratingly vicious -LRB- those claws are made to order for R-rated bloodshed -RRB- but also elegiac , thanks to Stewart 's gravitas , Jackman 's weary charisma and the quixotic-quest storyline ...
Concerned with the here and now rather than with what will come , it 's the cinematic equivalent of a long life brought to its natural conclusion and given a meaty , meaningful send off .
Marvel fans that moonlight as undiscerning gorehounds just might find Valhalla in `` Logan , '' but the project goes out of its way to give everyone else the cold , dead shoulder .
Fans who come to see Wolverine in brutal , bloody , R-rated combat will get their fill . But Mangold alternates those battles with quieter scenes that establish even supporting characters as people whose deaths matter .
In its look at human frailty and death , James Mangold 's Logan is unlike any superhero film ever produced -- and it just may change the genre for good .
A compelling , overlong , grown-up , 21st-century Western with a tinge of sci-fi . It 's good , but it can be grueling .
Jackman gets to play the role the way it always should 've been played .
Logan is a deliberately scuffed up work of comic adaptation art , and Jackman and Stewart could not have chosen to end their X careers on a higher note .
A film that will leave you exhausted in your seat , with tachycardia and excited on the verge of tears . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Make no mistake , Logan earns its tears . If Jackman and Stewart are serious about this being their mutual X-Men swan song , they could not have crafted a more heartfelt valedictory .
Unlike any of its predecessors , Logan feels organic and , despite being loaded with plenty of references and Easter eggs , manages to work well as a standalone film .
Logan , and Jackman , know you ca n't secure a legacy by leaving a door open .
This is Death Wish Wolverine , with spring-loaded self-loathing action and retractable claws he can hide , but never discard . Comes complete with sadness , depression and existential darkness .
For Jackman , Logan is a triumph : a vulnerable portrayal of a tortured character coming to terms with his plight & humanity . As a gritty western about redemption , the film is also effective ...
The women do not suffer their deaths with any less violence . Three important men , named , with histories and layers , die too . The movie pauses and allows each of their passings a solemn grace , as dictated by its audience , single-minded and insatiable .
The film and the latest incarnation of Jackman as Wolverine is entertaining and meets expectations . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Logan 's virtue is that it distances itself completely from previous films . There are no superheroes , impressive costumes or big demonstrations of mutant power . Without a doubt , the best of the genre . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Offering a touch of Mad Max , some tense humour , a glimpse of the classic Western Shane for obvious reasons and Hugh 's most glowering performance in X-Men history , this is a fitting and surprisingly moving ... finale to the Wolverine saga .
This is a well-acted film with decent action scenes . It is n't really my cup of tea , but that does n't take away from the fact this movie is well made . I just wish they had made it less depressing .
Jackman and Stewart are why Logan works-why the film does n't feel like a cheap exercise in bloody violence , and its subversion of typical superhero-movie tropes feels organic .
Another expensive throwaway aimed at milking money out of people who still read comic books . Color it stupid .
Logan is a perfect bookend to Hugh Jackman 's years of playing the role . To see him go out on such an exuberant high is much more than anyone could have asked for .
An intimate story of few characters , without exaggerated digital effects , and focused on the mortality of its protagonists and the consequences of their violent acts . Logan definitely could n't have had a better goodbye . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Logan is a sign that it 's possible to make mature films with superheroes , with themes of real emotional resonance . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Strips away the spandex , the posse and the chaos , distilling the story down to the essence of the man , Logan . What 's left is the agony and the ecstasy of mutanthood .
A film with adult themes such as illness , death wish , contradictions between longings and reality , and confronts them in a cruel and visceral way with a tender , memorable and heartbreaking ending . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Maybe it has 20 minutes more , but the pieces are placed to , within its genre , have an anthology film for the character , the closing of this saga manages to leave a mark on the viewer . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A story with little action that lacks the epic brilliance of the character . Finally the worst happens : the film becomes long and boring . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A dark , tragic and hopeful story that leaves us with a bittersweet feeling because it 's best solo film of the character , and even within the X-Men universe . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Before it settles down as a cross between ` Mad Max Beyond Thunderdome ' and ` Shane ' it 's a pretty joyless slog , one CG-enhanced battle after another ... Dafne Keen as Wolvie 's ward goes full feral .
The tonal shift for Marvel , however , is welcome , and no character from its stable better suits the Western mould -LRB- the 1953 classic Shane is referenced heavily -RRB- . Conventional as it is , overall Mangold finds room for more strikingly inventive set pieces .
The super-violent Logan is just slashed brisket .
After the 140-minute running time I felt as exhausted as Wolverine .
Full of grainy light and bloody violence that is shadowed by sorrowful regret , James Mangold 's movie creates a sober and deeply satisfying finale for Hugh Jackman 's Wolverine , the snarling centrepiece of so many X-Men movies .
It 's as if Quentin Tarantino took the reigns of the X-Men franchise and offered his own perspective on Wolverine and Professor Xavier .
Jackman 's last and best turn as Wolverine shows us something new : a superhero , aging and past his prime . -LRB- Splice Today -RRB-
For fans of the `` X-Men , '' this is easily the best entry in the series in some time , a film that 's more interested in the characters than in the special effects .
Tightly plotted and ruthlessly bloodthirsty , this is an impressive return to form for the X-Men franchise .
It 's the heartfelt performance by Jackman that keeps this last Logan superhero film on the right track .
Elegiac conclusion to Wolverine 's solo trilogy ...
On this rich and emotionally satisfying evidence , lower budget , intimate and psychological takes on the incredible just might be the way forward .
`` Owing to its agitated hero 's misfortunes through the ages , this is a film that 's acutely aware of the dangers of emotional exploitation , and it spares its audience a similar fate . ''
The Dark Knight of the X-Men film universe .
Gives Hugh Jackman 's Wolfie a smoothly-executed but hard-R sendoff that arguably represents the high point of the actor 's nearly two-decade run in the role .
Drawing from the pages of comics written in 2008 and 2009 , Mangold and his team have created a script that more about human connection than silly , over-the-top fighting .
The morose nihilism and all-around joylessness come to stink of adolescent posturing . This `` comic book movie for adults '' feels like one of the genre 's most juvenile entries .
It 's Stan Lee by way of Cormac McCarthy , but the end result -- basically , No Country for Old X-Men -- suffers from its own sense of self-importance .
Stripped of their pen and ink testosterone , we can see them as human . It 's not as sexy as ripped muscles and lycra tights , but it 's as real as the genre can get without sacrificing our inner child on the cold altar of hard facts and undeniable mortality .
... eschews invincibility in favor of human frailty .
There 's much to like in Logan , despite the bumpy landing . It reminds us that comic book franchises can aspire to deeper emotions and more complex relationships .
The best adaptation ever made of the X-Men universe and the best Wolverine film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A great action film , hard but penetrable , rigid but anti-static , violent but entertaning . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Jackman 's solemn performance matches perfectly with the surprises Mangold has in store during the emotional and action-packed farewell to an iconic hero .
Jackman gives Logan a withering rage that seems heartfelt , not hammy ; Stewart is touching in his enraged befuddlement ; and Keen , who resembles here what Katie Holmes might look like if she were Carrie , has a feral intensity .
Whenever the filmmakers have a choice between cruelly slaughtering characters and letting them live , they almost always choose the cruel path .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Mangold drags -LSB- Wolverine -RSB- - much older , if not much wiser - into a Western , and ends up with the best superhero movie in recent memory .
With Logan , Fox has cornered the market on R-rated superhero movies , following Deadpool with another adults-only comic-book flick . -LRB- Your move , DC . -RRB-
Mangold gives us a lean , focused story that does n't involve any convoluted plots about evil global plans . Instead it 's an elegiac tale about a man coming to terms with his life .
Logan gets its strength from its heartpounding action scenes and its heart-breaking personal moments .
A down-to-earth title for a movie that holsters comic book camp and draws instead on classic Westerns .
If the previous films focussed on Wolverine 's superior healing abilities and fighting skills , Mangold has finally cracked the code with the third film -- it 's the humane side of Wolverine/Logan that was always the most interesting thing about him .
Logan does go defiantly against the grain by favouring melancholic mood and themes of mortality and deterioration over inflated , end-of-the-world stakes or grandiose action pyrotechnics .
Did I get closure ? No ! I do n't think I could ever say goodbye to Wolverine and Jackman -LRB- sorry , I ca n't separate the two -RRB- .
Logan 's superb depiction of sorrow , of deadening dejection , of the awareness of mortality on multiple planes , rises far above Mangold 's ready embrace of influence .
In the way it explores the inescapable nature of violence and its long-term effects , Logan is the Unforgiven of superhero cinema .
Dark , darkly funny farewell to the Wolverine . Stewart steals scenes left and right . Caliban and the kid are terrific . Come back , Wolvie .
This is one of the finest comics-to-screen adaptations ever .
This is n't just a great comic book movie , is n't just a superb X-Men adventure , it 's a fantastic motion picture , period , and Mangold , Jackman and everyone else involved with its creation should be more than proud of what it is they 've accomplished .
Fans of Marvel , X-Men , and the Wolverine character should be pleased with Logan-it 's a strong finale and arguably the best in this highly uneven spin-off series .
The result is easily the most varied , earnest and interesting take on a comic book character since The Dark Knight .
-LSB- Logan is -RSB- really just another exercise in violence featuring Logan 's adamantium claws - a trait shared with teenage Laura -LRB- Dafne Keen -RRB- in overblown action scenes that recall the sickeningly sadistic kiddie assassin movie Kick-Ass .
No doubt , a reboot is on the way for the X-Men franchise , and the Wolverine character in particular , but make no mistake , Jackman has left big boots to fill and an indelible impression where X marks the spot .
Jackman is , once more , superb , holding down the whole film : no matter how battered , gnarled and shrubby he looks , you always root for him . A bit of a beast - but our beast .
A film that , maybe more than anything else , showcases what a fine actor Jackman is . He gives a performance of genuine depth and poignancy .
Logan establishes a new beachhead in comic book cinema wars , somewhere between hectic Avengers spectacle and Deadpool irreverence , a somberness that Batman and Superman have n't mastered .
While Logan finds a mature tone to carry this final chapter of Wolverine 's story , it does n't come to a conclusion with any more meaning to it than this : People , in general , do n't change ; more violence will be necessary .
Well , they are sure sending Wolverine out in style . And a big , oozing blaze of glory .
Raising the stakes on superhero movies by a significant margin , `` Logan '' could be the cinematic equivalent to Frank Miller 's legendary comic book `` The Dark Knight Returns . ''
Logan elevates itself from a superb superhero film to a superb film , period , one that all superhero films to come should strive to emulate .
Hugh Jackman goes out in R-rated style with Logan.Just do n't buy into the ` Best Superhero Movie Ever ' hype . Not even close .
There will doubtlessly be other superhero movies to follow this sort of tragic trajectory , but they wo n't have the luxury of utilizing an actor we 've been watching for nearly two decades in the role , finally closing it out his way .
Simply put , `` Logan '' is arguably the best `` X-Men '' movie of the bunch . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Profanity , Nudity , etc. - also Available -RRB-
Logan is a fine example of the superhero film where fantasy is tame and reality is wild .
It 's the Wolverine movie some fans have been waiting for for nearly two decades .
Credit where it 's due : this is a grown-up movie that 's a drama first and superhero story second . Maybe you should n't give points for effort , but maybe you should when you 're talking about a subset of films as locked-in to their formulas as these .
For those who want to see their superheroes grow up , Logan is a satisfying vision of what that real-world mutant would be .
Hugh Jackman and Patrick Stewart take the opportunity to go into far more depth and weight to characters they have played umpteen times over the past two decades .
`` Logan '' is one heck of a movie , easily rating as the best X-Men-related movie to come along .
Jackman twists the pain at the centre of the hero 's struggle into remarkably uncomfortable places for a blockbuster .
While there are action sequences , the quiet moments work best . One gets a `` Shawshank '' vibe as the men longingly look into one another 's eyes expressing platonic love as only two original X-Men can . Yes , fanboy , this movie is for you , and count me in .
The picture sounds a deep human note that might be what you 'll remember most fondly when looking back on it .
Jackman 's performance is Clint Eastwood-esque , and the lines in Jackman 's face tell the story of his worn character ; he plays Wolverine as a man at the end of his line , adding at least a decade to his 48 years .
The film pulls out all the stops to deliver an emotionally and viscerally satisfying experience . It works so well it easily qualifies as the best movie of the entire X-Men franchise as well as one of the best in the increasingly tired superhero genre .
A fitting finale for Jackman that sometimes falters in its urge to please .
Combining these two blade runners , working side by side , is a recipe for stunts , special effects , and big box office .
Logan is not a superhero movie . It 's a neo-western with a tragic , reluctant anti-hero
It is uncompromising in its brutality and fearless in its reverence of these iconic characters . It 's a testament to the power of storytelling , and what creative freedom can produce . Goodbye bub . You 've changed superhero movies forever .
The best superhero movie ever is more about the curse of super powers than super powers . Maybe that 's why it 's the best superhero movie ever .
Nobody needs to call Logan a masterpiece . But it 's heartening to see a blockbuster-minded movie this well made , one that ticks all its genre boxes and delivers a potent emotional punch .
I ca n't think of another superhero film where the main subject is the heroes getting old and losing their powers , nor of one that opens with their world apparently coming to an end .
Logan is as understated a masterpiece as there 's ever been , delivering the Wolverine film we 've all been waiting for , and if this truly is Hugh Jackman 's final time playing him , he has definitely left the series on a high note .
Well-made and thoughtful , and it pays off so splendidly in the final fifteen minutes one wishes what preceded this climax could have been its equal . Where `` Logan '' leads is inevitable and necessary , but it does n't make it any easier .
A film of rare power and tension in this subgenre and a farewell to the measure of that iconic character called Wolverine . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's as if its director , in his effort to be profound , ends up being annoying . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The bloodiest Marvel movie ever . It 's by no means a despicable work , by far the best X-men film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Director James Mangold shoots and orchestrates action with an appreciable clarity , and when he synchs up with the pounding drums of Marco Beltrami 's score , the mayhem has a lively intensity .
Logan is a beautiful send-off for the proud , tormented warrior who was so recognizably human underneath his claws .
Slow and depressing , and not in a good way .
It strikes a sombre , gritty tone from the start to take the audience on a dark and rather brutal road trip . So while it feels rather long and repetitive , the movie also has a strong emotional kick .
Unlike any other comic book movie made so far , but for all that ambition and gratuitous violence , Logan is a taxing and overindulgent experience .
With dignity and grace , Jackman says sayonara to this signature role . It 's clear how much physicality and humor he passed on to this mashup of comic book action and political allegory , in his portrait of the ronin with six swords .
It 's not often that a film embedded in a franchise is allowed to break from its shackles to offer something genuinely different ... which makes Logan , the final outing for Hugh Jackman 's Wolverine , even more remarkable .
Logan is a superhero movie like no other .
With its mix of neo-Western and quasi-samurai tropes , Logan is n't just the best X-Men movie in forever ; it 's one of the best comic-book-sourced movies we 've seen in some time .
Jackman , who first starred as Logan/Wolverine 17 years ago , turns in a great performance . He 's clearly relishing the chance to play the character one last time in a project that 's not just a good superhero movie , but a good movie , period .
Finally , 17 years since it all began , we get the payoff .
Through one simple , emotionally satisfying revelation late in the movie , Logan argues that stories like this - like the Westerns before them - can be culturally crucial because they give us hope when we need it the most .
The darkest and arguably the best of the Wolverine adventures is an emotional journey that 's marked by bursts of bloody violence .
Logan was written by Scott Frank , Mr. Mangold and Michael Green . Their script is the crucial ingredient of this impressive production , a model of ambition , complexity and old-fashioned showmanship that 's matched by Mr. Mangold 's direction .
The fight scenes are entertainingly brutal , but the consequences are bloody and the emotional stakes high . It 's an elegiac superhero movie that understands there 's no living with killing .
Ultimately , it 's not just a movie for adults because of the death toll , it 's one for the grown-ups because it actually engages the emotions . No small feat for a superhero movie .
Logan , the third Wolverine spinoff from an X-Men movie empire that has grown terribly long in the tooth -LRB- or is that claw ? -RRB- , does a nice job of righting the ship with this elegiac closing chapter .
The only problem with calling it the boldest and most affecting superhero flick in many years is that it 's barely a superhero movie at all .
The film celebrates the medium by taking itself seriously , with an added hint of apology for the genre 's earlier sins . Best of all , there 's an element of risk .
The film is , above all else , a refreshing change of pace from the usual , comic-book superhero fodder . It 's melancholy and introspective ...
Provides the tough , adult version of Wolverine that fans have been wanting for a long time ...
Even as the formulaic plotline of government/corporations versus the disenfranchised that X-Men have used for seventeen years now begins to surface , it fails to diminish from the intensity and excitement rampant throughout every scene .
The startling trick here is to turn Wolverine into a self-destructive and fed-up old man ... And director Mangold , incredibly , makes you buy Wolverine 's `` where are the mutants of yesteryear '' melancholy .
Logan is a family drama , an action thriller and an epic superhero story . If this is indeed Jackman 's last Wolverine film , he 's going out in heartfelt , high-class style .
a remarkable , meaningful way to go out
Like Rogue One : A Star Wars Story , the flicker of hope Logan offers is so fragile , it 's hard to believe it wo n't be snuffed out ... Superhero movies , it seems , can no longer be counted upon as a cinematic escape .
Logan is kind of a special superhero movie , in a good way , and if Jackman holds to his stated intention to make it his Wolverine swan song , he 's going out not with a whimper but a bang .
On its own terms , Logan is a crackerjack piece of work : The dialogue is crisp , the staging snappy , and the action scenes really pop .
The gloomiest and grisliest of the X-Men franchise is expertly crafted in detail but overlong , dreary and dispiriting as a whole .
For what it is , Logan is strong stuff , and a classy sendoff to Wolverine . Let 's just hope that Marvel and Jackman let sleeping wolves lie .
A tale that is as psychically violent as it is physically so , it is a sharp descant to the earlier films in the franchise as it presents a brooding , aging Logan very near the end of his existential rope .
Jackman and Stewart are at the top of their game , and Dafne Keen as Laura makes the most of her watchful , silence-laden role .
Hugh Jackman sharpens his claws in every sense of the word and delivers killer work .
Entertaining as they are , Marvel movies are n't expected to be this mature , this dark or this human . This is a bold , coherent story inspired by a comic book , not slavishly based on it .
For once , a film derived from a Marvel source gives you something solid to hang on to .
This is the collapse of the sprawling X-Men family that Wolverine only begrudgingly joined in the first place .
... It boldly blazes its own trail , refusing to be reined in by what has come before .
Logan offers an element of completion , and an intriguingly different take on the material . It is also , along with the FX series Legion , a sign of the maturation of comics on screen , for better or worse .
Director James Mangold , returning after the second installment , The Wolverine , orchestrates several jaw-dropping action sequences , heightened by Jackman 's and Keen 's intense performances and by Marco Beltrami 's taut and plunky score .
If this is indeed Jackman 's final appearance as Logan , he 's going out in style .
It has , simultaneously , the exhilarating feel of a departure and the finality of a full stop .
In erratic , passionate bursts , I loved Logan , for the tenderness of Wolverine and Xavier 's long goodbye to each other , and to us .
`` Logan '' is good enough that you might forget it 's a comic-book movie .
Two and a quarter hours of lycanthropic hokum with fun moments .
Jackman and Stewart 's fond , easy dynamic helps to balance some very provocative brutality , as the movie pushes Wolverine 's berserk nature to graphic new extremes .
It runs long and has a bit more action than it really needs , but Logan will likely find a spot among the best comic book adaptations to grace a movie theater .
`` Logan '' is a serious take on the comic-book genre , the Marvel Cinematic Universe in particular , and it 's a good one .
It wants its stand-alone story of Wolverine and Professor Xavier to be taken seriously as authentic drama . And , to a surprising extent , it succeeds .
While the relationship among the central trio is strong , the lengthy plot heads off on too many detours , and the serious tone , while refreshing , gets a bit numbing over time .
A violent , gritty and soulful tribute to the character behind so much of this franchise 's enduring popularity .
With his glimpse into what superhero movies can be , James Mangold has given us something sadly lacking in recent genre entries : hope .
Logan provides a fitting finale to the Wolverine franchise . It is n't often a Marvel superhero gets to saddle up , tip his hat and ride off into the proverbial sunset .
The finest Marvel film so far since Stan Lee 's empire moved into the multiplexes , and it 's almost up there with Christopher Nolan 's Dark Knight trilogy
The last of Logan is also the best of Logan .
Mangold 's direction helps to take this particular genre to another level that is poignant and , at times , tragic .
Logan is not really asking us to consider the plight of vulnerable children , it 's encouraging us to get off on it .
Logan is the violent , brutal and gory R-rated Wolverine movie 40-something fanboys have always wanted . It 's most definitely for grown-ups . It 's also very , very good .
If this really is Jackman 's last big-screen adventure as Wolverine , it 's an excellent and fitting finale .
Jackman 's performance is likably physical , with Logan on the verge of dying throughout . He takes a ton of punishment .
You do n't have to be a comic superhero fan to enjoy this movie -- watch it for the outstanding performances by Jackman , Stewart and Keen . This one 's a gripping finale to Wolverine 's indomitable journey .
Logan is deadly serious , and while its gamer-style killing sprees are meant to be excitingly brutal , I found them numbing and , in the climax , borderline offensive .
This is the Wolverine movie that unlocks the explosive violence that was always inside the Marvel character but , frustratingly , never let out .
Of the three Wolverine movies , this is the best . I 'm glad I saw it and glad it 's over .
Logan makes for a better character study than superhero adventure .
Jackman , who 's always been remarkably human in this superhuman role , is as good as he 's ever been at finding the beating heart underneath all that adamantium . I will miss the hell out of him .
Despite tonal missteps , a major one serving as the film 's transition to the third act , Logan is a thinking man 's superhero flick : the best `` gritty '' offering we 've had since The Dark Knight Returns .
Here , at last , was a Wolverine story that felt like the comics I remembered . And not just that : it 's a comic-book superhero movie that genuinely pushes the form forward
I never thought I 'd say this about a superhero movie , but bring a hankie .
Jackman makes Wolverine seem acutely-sometimes sardonically ; sometimes tragically-aware of his capacity for pain , whether inflicted on himself or others .
Overall , this is a surprisingly strong entry in the X-Men canon , radically different where it counts , but always respectfully honouring Wolverine 's hard-earned heritage as a character .
It 's just as much an arthouse drama , or a prestige picture , as it is a big-budget , action-fantasy movie starring Wolverine . And how many other superhero movies can you say that about ?
It 's difficult to imagine how this could be improved upon . An unmissable treat for comic fans , but a thoroughly enjoyable thriller in its own right .
Easily the best entry in the sprawling X-Men franchise , and arguably the best superhero film since The Dark Knight offered a similar sense of refreshing thoughtfulness .
Logan makes sadism fun !
Discarding the spandex and playful camaraderie of the X-Men for a grizzled , dustball future where mutants are all but extinct , it is also the series ' most nihilistic chapter .
It 's Unforgiven , with claws .
The action scenes are visceral and raw , however those are few , far between and spoiled by the trailers . The movie is too small , insular and grim to be completely enjoyable . Worth a watch once , but wo n't hold up on repeat viewings .
Easily the best Wolverine film , Logan is violent , vicious and ruthless , but with heart and hope at its center , and probably the best X-Men film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Logan is the best argument in years for making movies out of comic books .
Do n't be put off by the slow beginning . Do n't be deterred by Logan 's incessant bitterness . At some point the film builds to a thoroughly satisfying ending .
Logan deserves praise for its action scenes , delivering R-rated violence with enough blood to feel weighty without being an egregious gore-fest .
The superhero category has gotten more boring as it 's gotten more popular , but `` Logan '' suggests an escape from escapism , a restoration of the human element in blockbusters , a stripped-down return to the feel of 1970s Clint Eastwood pictures .
What 's special about Logan is that it manages to deliver the visceral goods , all the hardcore Wolverine action its fans could desire , while still functioning as a surprisingly thoughtful , even poignant drama-a terrific movie ...
Just because a comic book flick takes the dirt road less traveled does n't mean it 's a cinematic work of art .
This is the X-Men movie - and the Wolverine - I 've been waiting for . Violent , thrilling , funny , heartbreaking ; everything 's up for grabs and it leaves us breathless . Logan inflicts emotional wounds on the audience , yet keeps us wildly entertained .
After a while , with all that relentless drudgery and all the maimings , it becomes a bit much .
Let 's cut straight to the chase and not mope around the point . `` Logan '' - the final chapter in the saga of the X-Men 's Wolverine - is the best superhero-related movie since `` The Dark Knight '' nearly a decade ago .
Instead of putting the emphasis on superhero superpowers , Mangold delves deeply into these characters ' human-scale vulnerabilities .
`` Logan '' synthesises comic book characters into the real world in a way that 's only been reached in what Roger Ebert called the `` engrossing tragedy '' of the `` The Dark Knight . ''
One of the best superhero movies , definitely the best from X-Men . More importantly , the first great film of the year . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The X-Men series - the entire superhero genre - has never seen a film like Logan before : raw , rageful , tormented , human . Best of the series yet .
Hugh Jackman has been Wolverine for over 17 years , and yet he found a way to deliver a -LSB- new -RSB- version of the character ... in quite possibly the best performance of his career .
Logan is the rare blockbuster that could be a game-changer . It will certainly change the way we look at other superhero movies and how history judges the entire MCU and DC Universe of films .
When Logan and Laura unleash their furious scythes nothing feels settled or satisfied . The world grinds on , fruitlessly weary and wild .
One of next year 's nominees for Best Actor must go to Jackman . His Logan is as moving and complex as dramatic characters demand . Boyd Holbrook is a charismatic villain .
Mangold and Jackman bring integrity and ability to an increasingly stale and pandering genre , closing out Jackman 's Wolverine with dignity and poise . That 's more that most of us can hope for when we 're 170-plus years old , right ?
This is NOT your father 's Wolverine ! ''
Logan is not just a great superhero film , it 's a great film , period .
A bruisingly good elegy
A truly affecting and gritty human story .
Jackman 's is a revelatory performance that paradoxically works as a worthy send-off yet leaves us wishing for more .
Legitimate character drama that happens to include bouts of gratuitous murder and mayhem .
Jackman taps into the darkest elements of the character but never loses the humanity , and if this is his last outing , he 's gone out with a perfect , heart-breaking portrayal full of rage and grief .
It 's not a film calculated to be a people-pleaser , but it is an appropriately intense end to a character defined by the tenacity and ferocity of a wolverine .
I feel the third act is not nearly as strong as the first two , but the climax is damned near perfect and a great send off for Jackman and the Wolverine character .
It does n't look like a superhero movie , but rather a good `` American '' film , where the important thing is the construction of the internal bonds that are tying the protagonists . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The poisonous political climate of 2017 and persecution of a 2029 comic book world collide with devastating force .
director James Mangold has wrapped the trilogy with R-rated violence and gore while also giving his protagonist that which has always eluded him ... what 's so refreshing about `` Logan '' is how divorced it is from the genre that spawned it .
Logan is a punch in the gut in all the right ways .
Hugh Jackman says goodbye to Wolverine in a more than dignified way and exceeding everyone 's expectations . Maybe even his own . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A sensational film worthy of having a special place next to titles as ` Unbreakable ' , ` The Incredibles ' and ` The Dark Knight ' . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An interesting meditation on life and death , periodically interrupted by excessive , skin-slashing , bone-snapping ultraviolence .
At the end of the day it 's still just a comic book movie bragging about how it 's no typical comic book movie . Yes , and ?
Logan is a dark and thrilling finale for Wolverine . Director James Mangold brings stark realism to the comic genre .
Mangold has open-heartedly embraced the use of violence , but this is light years away from the tongue-in-cheek gore-fest of Deadpool
Logan is the mercilessly barbaric Wolverine film you have always wanted chock full of blood , gore , and extreme vulgarity even South Park would be proud of . Beautifully bleak and faithful to the source material .
Not a great film , but a movie with a noble , weary and tragic performance at its center . There is but one Wolverine .
It 's hard to fathom that we will no longer see the buff Jackman preening with those shiny steel claws , but he is getting older , so I suppose we should let him retire this character from his repertoire .
There 's a good reason to see `` Logan '' , and also some good reasons not to see `` Logan '' .
Although it 's a `` super-hero movie '' , Logan is not about action , but about characters and their relationships . -LSB- Full review in Portuguese . -RSB-
It 's something no-one could have expected : a creatively risky superhero movie . And it deserves to pay off .
Logan is full of juicy surprises . But what impresses most is how , for once , this is a comic-book film that has the guts to wrap things up .
If you 're open to seeing a new , previously unknown Wolverine , Logan is going to stay with you for a long time .
Logan is a Marvel movie with a bit of soul and some true grit . Presumed to be the final outing for Wolverine , it plays more like a late period John Wayne western than it does like a conventional superhero film .
Jackman does his usual gruff protagonist as well as expected , but it 's other performances that really stand out ; mostly notably Stewart -- haggard , vulnerable but never skipping out on his humour .
The best X-Men movie since 2003 's X2 .
This is the Wolverine movie fans have always wanted to see ; period .
The grim side of human nature is all over James Mangold 's Logan . But that does n't necessarily make it a good movie .
The weight of graphic , grotesque violence hangs over the entire movie . But the daring emotional violence lingers longer , well after the lights go down on the final shot .
When it comes to playing a properly magnetic anti-hero with a gruff '70s - cinema exterior and a dark reservoir of inner depth , Jackman really is the best at what he does .
Star Hugh Jackman is n't just giving us the definitive X-Men movie ; it could just be the definitive comic book movie .
Operatic and also deeply personal , Logan is one of the true great films of the superhero genre , among the best films of 2017 to date , and a rousing send-off for the old guard while ushering in the future of the X-Men franchise .
From the very first shot to the very last , every frame feels perfectly rendered and absolutely necessary to the narrative trajectory .
There 's a resonant motif in Logan that times have changed for the worst , but this dystopian world revives the humanity in these characters , a development that 's all for the best .
If you remove the graphic violence , it 's not all that different from ` The Wolverine , ' with Logan again finding someone to protect after turning his back on life .
Logan is way bloodier than Deadpool , yet still artful in the way The Raid movies turn rhythmic stabbing into a brutal ballet .
Mangold confidently places the film in the context of a neo-Western , painting Logan and Professor X as two men who have been left behind by the world they once defined .
It 's an amazing swan song for the Wolverine character , and for Jackman , and perhaps the best X-Men movie yet .
Jackman clearly adores the character , and he embraces the chance to essentially reinvent the mutton-chopped slayer for one final hurrah . It 's strange to think that this might stand as one of his greatest performances , but so it goes .
Easily the best Wolverine outing , Logan is The Dark Knight of the mutant-filled X-franchise , a gripping film that transcends the comic-book genre by saying something important ...
Well done , Mr. Jackman , and Godspeed Wolverine . We 're sorry to say goodbye to our bare-knuckled friend - but you 've both earned the rest .
A rather brilliant mesh of dystopian and superhero tropes that proves to be as entertaining as it is timely .
I 'm not speaking hyperbolically when I say that Logan is the best , most exciting X-Men film to have made it to the big screen .
This is honestly one of the best comic book movies of all time .
`` Logan '' self-consciously aspires to retire the steel-clawed hero with epic grandeur , and the results are often rousingly bleak . And yet , the risks taken only make the formulaic redemption story and cliched emotional underpinnings increasingly frustrating .
Mangold gives our grumpy old friend quite a send-off , a blood-drenched stab-a-thon that frequently hits bone .
X-Men movie franchise connections aside , Logan is a grisly and somber character drama that sends off Hugh Jackman 's Wolverine on a high note .
Logan is a searing , claws-out action drama that hits hard , chews grit and leaves an everlasting impression .
What Deadpool awakened in audiences a year ago , this thirst for blood , can be credited as paving the way for Logan , which picks up the cause of violence and accelerates it considerably .
By grounding the film 's action , and painting on a relatively small-scale canvas , ` Logan ' raises the bar on the types of stories you can tell with superheroes -- thereby redefining what the term Superhero Movie even means in the year 2017 .
Seamlessly melding Marvel mythology with Western mythology , James Mangold has crafted an affectingly stripped-down standalone feature , one that draws its strength from Hugh Jackman 's nuanced turn as a reluctant , all but dissipated hero .
Logan is a forthright , muscular movie which preserves the X-Men 's strange , exotic idealism .
It 's both the most violent film in the series and the most sentimental one . When it 's not showering you in blood , it 's trying to make you spill tears .
The analog pace and elemental story work for it . Each time the violence explodes , it 's slashingly satisfying , because it 's earned , and also because Mangold knows just how to stage it .
The violence in `` Logan '' is n't played for kicks , like it was in `` Deadpool . '' It 's grave and serious and sometimes hard to watch , which fits in with the overall tone of this grim , surprisingly downbeat movie .
Logan is the movie that finally satisfies the wish fulfillment of those superhero movie conversations that that speculate on what a hard R-rated superhero movie would look like with a major established character .
Perhaps it 's just the novelty , but that explicit violence and salty language -LRB- Professor X turns out to be quite the potty-mouth as well -RRB- adds a bit of much-needed fizz to the Wolverine sub-franchise .
Logan is a great addition to the X-Men films and it should please adult fans of the series .
Hugh Jackman 's last Wolverine story ends on a grim , gritty and ultra-violent note that wins points both for being cinematic and for being so different .
James Mangold has re-teamed with Jackman for an intense Western that re-introduces the brutish X-Men as a cowboy , wracked with remorse and reckoning with redemption .
Logan is Hugh Jackman 's finest work as Wolverine , and a movie full of ambition , emotion , and drama .
Hugh Jackman is all growl and gristle , Logan 's lovable grouchiness turned to outright rage .
Better as an agitated Western than as a fading superhero movie -LRB- or a listless cross-country chase -RRB- , the most cantankerous X-Man 's final outing is a scaled-back affair that nevertheless knows how to swing for the fences .
It looks like a small production but really , it feels like the biggest X-Men movie . It has more to say than any other installment . It leads to meaningful conclusions . It is brutal and bold and it should n't be missed .
Easily the best Wolverine movie .
The movie fans have been asking for ever since Hugh Jackman first put on his claws .
`` Logan '' is the bleakest vision of Wolverine yet , but also hands down the best treatment the character has received on the big screen in the fifteen plus years Hugh Jackman has inhabited the role .
Logan is without question the best superhero movie in years , and certainly the most ambitious one since Christopher Nolan hung up the cape .
Logan is a mighty swan song for Hugh Jackman 's Wolverine , a tour de force for Patrick Stewart and an amazing debut from young Dafne Keen . Do n't bring your kids . Do bring your hankies .
Logan is a total anomaly . James Mangold turns the key on the tawdry , predictable superhero formula , delivering both his best film to date and one of the most game-changing comic book adaptations to ever leave the pages .
Brutal , raw & emotionally satisfying . Logan is up there with the best comic book movies ever made .
It recognizes that the thinly veiled secret of Wolverine 's loner act is that he 's always been a cog of some kind .

@highlight

Hugh Jackman makes the most of his final outing as Wolverine with a gritty , nuanced performance in a violent but surprisingly thoughtful superhero action film that defies genre conventions .