Kelly & Cal follows well-worn territory and manages to make things feel fresh .
This character-driven drama about a friendship between two lost souls has enough tender honesty to overcome some final-act contrivances .
A simple , honest , deeply satisfying tale of the complex mixed emotions and desires that make up a woman 's life and often exist in secret .
Although the subject matter could have been tricky and condescending , screenwriter Amy Lowe and director Jen McGowan tell the story with a great amount of sensitivity and thoughtfulness .
The movie turns a little soapy as it tries to locate a satisfying ending , and there are too many self-conscious statements of life 's little lessons , yet the passion remains .
manages to deal honestly with issues of superficiality and repression among the white-picket-fence set while also allowing for the complexities of human expression and feeling
The things that are good about Jen McGowan 's debut feature are so very good that it would be altogether too easy to overpraise the film -- and that would do no one any favors .
It 's difficult to be fully invested in the Big Emotional Developments of the final act .
There are complex situations , well-acted characters and a central relationship that feels authentic and mature - and yet it 's missing some element to bring it fully into focus .
Juliette Lewis and newcomer Jonny Weston bring terrific sensitivity to their roles .
A sly satire that 's sexy , touching , and funny , if seriously flawed .
An offbeat drama with a pervasive sense of unease . Compelling , if slightly inconclusive .
Mature story of unlikely friends explores serious topics .
This is essentially Juliette Lewis ' vehicle - a movie to remind you of how filmmakers have largely left untapped her subtle gifts .
The film is mostly proof that changing the gender and details in a premise does n't do much good if the presentation is conventional in nearly every other way .
Nothing too shocking happens , nor does the film end in some completely unpredictable way . It 's a modest pleasure .
The performances of Ms. Lewis and Mr. Weston crackle with authenticity . Like a good punk-rock song , this bracingly honest , tough-minded vignette stays true to itself .
Capably shot and beautifully acted , Kelly & Cal is a pleasure to watch . But maybe it should n't have been .
So dramatically and emotionally authentic that it makes you feel as though you 're using some special kind of magic to peer right into the lives of real people .
There 's an awful lot to like in this funny , sensitive and quirky little May-December romance .
This uneven directorial debut from Jen McGowan is notable mostly for a nicely understated turn from Juliette Lewis .
Lewis is a star in her prime , and more smart directors should put her to work .
The film drifts into boilerplate paces .
It 's strange to see Starbin get the emotional details of Kelly and Cal 's relationship so right , and those of every other relationship in the film so painfully wrong .
Assured ...
The chemistry between Lewis and Weston could n't be more appealing throughout , as their distinct energies perfectly complement the characters and each other .
It 's a film that takes its characters and their crises seriously , allowing them to fully explore their situation before providing them -LRB- and the audience -RRB- a genuine roadmap for finding their way through .
While anchored by the aforementioned strong performances , too many unsurprising or banal plot clichés are abused .
Kelly & Cal is an interesting take on an unconventional relationship , where flawed , yet likeable characters face real problems .
A romantic drama complicated by a stroller and a wheelchair , and its first mistake is in assuming some kind of equity between the two vehicles .
The presence of -LSB- Juliette -RSB- Lewis makes it feel like a bigger , more important movie than it would 've without her

@highlight

Kelly & Cal is a compellingly offbeat treat for fans of character-driven drama -- and a showcase for Juliette Lewis ' formidable gifts .