Surf frolic ! Group hug ! Bonding ! Brosnan was a low-on-the-totem-pole James Bond , but we 'll take that Bond over this bonding . Brosnan meanders insincerely through the material .
I enjoyed it , and I find myself hanging onto it , but mostly because of the interesting combination of its cast members , and the way they communally grapple with hopelessness .
The movie criminally wastes Sam Neill and Rosamund Pike in barely there supporting roles , and the picture has exactly two tones : grim and gooey . They do not coexist harmoniously .
`` A Long Way Down '' does n't bother to explore its characters on any substantial level and comes close to offending in how flippant the whole thing is to the subject of suicide .
A very long way down indeed .
It lunges along in predictable fashion through a series of quirky contrivances that might be tasteless if they were n't so trite .
Whatever the intent of the filmmakers , a story that hinges on existential despair requires at least a modicum of emotional credulity .
The film struggles with a meandering story and superficial characters who do little to elicit compassion from the audience .
As British comedy sometimes will , `` A Long Way Down '' has an occasional attack of the cutes , but the actors ' commitment keeps the movie on the plus side .
Tackles the topic of life-ending despair with all the delicacy and grace of a Hallmark greeting card .
Overall , the film 's flaws are outweighed by its charms . Though it 's not as deeply satisfying as About A Boy or High Fidelity , A Long Way Down is undeniably bubbly , heartwarming and funny .
Author Nick Hornby establishes a tone of sentimental black humor , and director Pascal Chaumeil orchestrates the encounter as the formation of rag-tag band where each player gets a stirring solo number .
There are moments of tenderness and honest human emotion buried in the frustrating `` A Long Way Down '' but one has to work far too hard and give far too much credit to the over-qualified cast to grab at them .
There 's not much meat here - just a slightly smart setup without any followthrough .
-LSB- An -RSB- inane , preposterous and stupefying film ...
The plot of A Long Way Down is as awkward and annoying as they come , but some really good acting by the film 's four major stars almost makes this one worth seeing . Almost .
Has no interest in understanding of any kind and completely misses the mark in both elements of seriocomedy .
Largely stripped of their inner monologues , the same characters merely seem like they 're stuck in a crass sitcom .
Awkward and atonal .
It presents four people who no longer care to exist , then fails to make a strong case for why their continued existence is necessary or desirable .
Everything that transpires onscreen feels wholly inauthentic and calculated for maximum treacle .
Does everything but bring in Bozo the Clown to make suicide no more serious than what to wear to the junior prom .
It 's partly a big goof and partly a study of hopelessness , keeping A Long Way Down stuck in neutral when it comes to truly exploring its dramatic potential .
`` A Long Way Down '' may prove uniquely inspirational : It 's bound to make audience members want to kill themselves .
A bit twee , but a good cast and Nick Hornby 's pithy dialogue lift this sentimental comedy out of the shallow and maudlin -- sometimes .
A horrible misfire of a movie which starts off badly and just keeps getting worse .
An inept trifle , A Long Way Down reduces Nick Hornby 's novel of the same name to a series of smug self-help gestures .
Evoking forced comic starts , this movie about a group of suicidal people who bond with one another strives for Hallmark sentimentality but fails even at that .
Though the film looks good and is filled with appealing actors doing their best to keep things animated , nobody seems to have noticed that A Long Way Down goes nowhere .
It 's all hard to dislike , but you 're more likely to find mordant gallows humour in The Lego Movie .
Hornby 's suicidal quartet vow to go on ; viewers lose the will to live .
The really unforgivable thing about the film is that it uses suicide as a MacGuffin .
With a darkly serious theme and a corny rom-com filmmaking approach , this film never quite comes together into something meaningful .
Chaumeil does n't seem quite sure whether to play the story for laughs or to squeeze every pip of poignancy from it .
A suicide-club meet-cute ? It should n't work , but it does , as wonderfully sardonic British humor and as a reminder that you 're not alone in being messed up in this insane world .
There are few films where the only reaction can be : `` What ? What ? I 'm sorry ... WHAT ? ''
Nothing adds up , including the characters , who are so poorly written , and such clichés , one feels no sympathy for them whatsoever .
It 's never dull and has some touching moments .
Even Pierce Brosnan comes off worse for wear in this painfully misguided suicide comedy .
A painfully unfunny comedy that should have been put out of its misery at the scripting stage , since neither the characters , the performances , the situations or the dialogue ring true .
You have to admire novelist Nick Hornby for his bad taste premise and there 's lots of comedy mileage to be extracted from a - surprise , surprise - gallows humour as one of life 's greatest taboos is made sport .
It 's hard to care about these characters . And the film lacks that slip-into-a-Slanket cosy feel you want from Hornby .
Emotionally manipulative and unbearably mawkish !
At best , this is a cringey stab at black comedy redeemed by charismatic stars ; at worst it 's a glib and manipulative punt on a subject that deserves more care .
Trivialising despair , it 's a depressing waste of a major cast , and an early bid for mess of the year .
After a prolonged spell of lifelessness the story unexpectedly develops a beating heart around the halfway point , and concludes as a touching depiction of unlikely friendship and mutual support .
Tempting though it might be to conclude with a comparing-this-movie-to-suicide gag , we 're not going to because ... A Long Way Down is simply not worth the time it would take to craft a pun .
Four characters meet while planning to commit suicide and decide to annoy one another instead in this tacky Nick Hornby adaptation .
The film is one long rictus of denial . It 's wholly doomed , but it puts on a brave face .
A charmingly played film about how life can offer up a second chance at the most unlikely of moments and how unexpected friendships can offer fresh perspectives .
What emerges , as orchestrated by French director Pascal Chaumeil , is a genial , lightweight farce , which largely approximates Hornby 's distinctively bittersweet tone .

@highlight

Tonally jumbled and conceptually ill-advised , A Long Way Down bungles its source material and wastes a talented cast .