I was so surprised by how funny the film was . It worked because you start to care more about these characters and their individual struggles .
Muschietti does not pull any punches , these kids are in the deepest trouble .
This is like an R-rated Goonies . With an evil clown in it .
Muschietti and Dauberman show us a Pennywise who represents the exhilharation/terror we feel as we leave our youth behind and move on into the murky waters of adulthood .
It follows a slower pace , which is fitting for a psychological horror .
In my younger days , I read every Stephen King novel and looked forward to the film adaptations . There 's one major exception and that was `` It . '' I 've always had a thing about clowns . Clowns are evil . Period .
Despite it 's problems , It is a lot of fun until it forgets to be interesting .
It was great . It has interesting characters , depth , development and run time .
Bill Skarsgard -LSB- is -RSB- terrifying as Pennywise . Absolutely horrifying .
To be honest , Muschietti 's movie is better at the tale 's teen-bonding bits than its scary ones -LRB- the young cast are fabulous -RRB- , and when it comes to doling out frights nothing tops the chilling opening sequence .
Viewers who notice such things will find it extra creepy or clever or both that It returns 27 years after that first 1990 TV adaptation ... .
It is n't a political film , and it is definitely a film that got made on the back of lucrative nostalgia , but the happy irony is that it 's a story that knows exactly what kind of rotted ground nostalgia stands upon .
It has to be said , to the surprise of many - Andy Muschietti 's IT was a stunning effort that stands as one of the best films that 2017 dished up .
Unpretentious and scary , with a crack ensemble of kids led by future Amy Adams , Sophia Lillis .
The result is a more streamlined tale than the novel .
Even with its flaws , It easily surpasses the 90 's television iteration ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The film 's greatest failing is one of tone . It wants to be horror , comedy , comedy-horror and coming-of-age dramedy in the vein of Stand by Me , but it never successfully becomes any of those .
The ingredients of a quality film are all here . It just could have done with being a bit shorter and a bit snappier .
Andy Muschietti 's film has an assortment of entertaining features , but it 's not likely to scare many viewers .
There 's nothing really new or unexpected .
The film depends - and succeeds - entirely on the strength of their performances , and for two hours that speed by all too quickly , it 's not too much of a stretch to feel like we 're on summer vacation with them .
Regardless of its flaws , the strong character work and their associated performances keep everything afloat . Skarsgard is also allowed to deliver a far more twisted take on Pennywise . Bring on the 27 years later chapter
... the decision to keep the creepy clown front and center throughout slowly-but-surely drains him of his effectiveness ...
It sticks with you to haunt and influence your nightmares !
... It is tremendous as a horror movie ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Perfectly capturing the frights of the novel whilst adding new fears -LRB- and causing some tears -RRB- , this bone-chilling masterwork is the horror book 's pages sprung to life .
Andy Muschietti 's adaptation of It gets that . Muschietti and screenwriters Chase Palmer , Cary Fukunaga and Gary Dauberman realize that the best way to make an audience afraid for a character 's well-being is to first make them care about that character .
It is the feel good fright film of 2017 , and I ca n't wait to see it again .
This wonderfully dark story offers a mix of solid laughs and great scares and really brings this Stephen King novel to life .
Based on the popular novel by the master of horror himself , Stephen King , `` IT '' is a terrifying journey through childhood , one that does n't let the occasional `` lost kid '' go by unnoticed !
The result is a glorious piece of fear and terror . A worthy adaptation to the works of the genius of horror .
It 'll scare the living ` It ' out of you .
-LSB- It -RSB- gives new nuances to a widely known character . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
I 'll have no trouble sleeping tonight ... and that 's actually a shame .
The young cast 's uniformly strong acting is a boon for `` It '' - they easily shift from comic to earnest , handling the raunchy bickering and heavy dramatic moments with equal conviction .
`` It '' just does n't cut it . Do yourself a favor and get a copy of Frank Darabont 's `` The Mist , '' based on Stephen King 's novel , and enjoy a genuinely creepy movie that will give you nightmares .
Rest assured - King 's nightmare is alive , freaky and endearing at the same time . If you 're a horror fan , do n't miss It !
Muschietti 's entertaining film might be a nostalgia-fest , but it earns extra points for the care in details that went into making such a watchable story about a killer clown .
It works remarkably well at different levels . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It is an entertaining film that will probably satisfy the less demanding . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
... an effective horror film that is enjoyed from start to finish ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
As a horror movie , It gives us some tense moments , a couple of forgetful scares and little else . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Will certainly please fans of the original and terrify a new generation .
Much more than a typical horror film ...
Though It does perhaps fall short with scares alone , the film delivers in nearly every other way .
I was more bored and fed up than frightened .
Although It fails to supercede the terrifying childhood memory of those who watched the television production ... this new version is pleasantly surprising with its own somber , disturbing touch and identity . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
With carefully-crafted chills , well-developed characters , and a strong storyline , `` It '' deserves a place in the canon of stellar Stephen King adaptations .
This new adaptation of Stephen King 's monumental novel of the same name is one of the best that has been done in recent years based on some of his books . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The protagonists achieve that perfect combination of vulnerability to evil and fascination for the unknown . One of the best horror tapes of 2017 . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
They are awesome actors who are afraid and heroic fearful and fearless at the same time , eventually willing to lay down their lives for one another to make up for the evil done by the clown and that is perpetrated by the adults and bullies in their lives
This is Beverly Marsh 's story ; she ties the group together in strength and danger .
It 's well-executed , marvelously acted , and has a few scary sequences . It also has just as many that are not , as well as a wobbly command of tone and trouble sustaining its own momentum .
Muschietti single-mindedly lurches from monotonous clown demon jump-scare sequence to monotonous clown demon jump-scare sequence , lazily relying on ear-splitting soundtrack spikes to provide most of the `` horror . ''
... `` It '' is terrifically entertaining .
Creepy and yet emotionally resonant , It is a disturbing reboot of a scary '80s film character .
It gets the `` Losers Club '' right , and this eclectic little group more than compensates for the movie 's shortcomings .
It 's a too-long -LRB- 130 min . -RRB- , too-rambling trek to the meta-horror face-off with Franklin D. Roosevelt 's idea that ` the only thing we have to fear is fear itself . '
It seems aimed at being a rite-of-passage horror movie , much like its predecessor ... and it 's the stuff bed-wetting nightmares are made of .
As a critic specializing in scary films , I can honestly say that in the last three years alone there 's been several that have impressed me more ... I do n't get what makes It so special .
Despite all the marketing focus on the homicidal circus freak , It was never about the clown . It 's about how trauma haunts a childhood and how the latent ennui of small-town America can fan the flames of our greatest fears .
-LSB- Skarsgård -RSB- brings such a delicious physicality to -LSB- Pennywise -RSB- that he ends up the most compelling clown this side of the late Heath Ledger 's Joker . He 's remarkable .
At its best It feels like an R-rated version of The Goonies , if The Goonies was n't one of the worst movies ever made .
Whether you 're acquainted with the King novel or 90s movie , or new to the It mythology , this new version will leave you breathless - and probably sleepless , too .
At times the film is didactic and emphatic , but it has the virtue of exploring the origin of fear and of remembering that the United States has made it a defining feature : it is the country of fear . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Much better than the TV thing they made out of the book ... actually , this is much better than the book , too .
Uneven but effective .
A spooky horror film and a stellar coming of age drama .
captures the unique qualities of King 's storytelling , which often melds abject horrors with a sense of real-life minutia , good humor , and a love of popular culture
A simple premise , yes , but a powerful one .
Mostly what makes It appealing is a cast of young , relatively unknown actors who unlike most horror flick stars leave a feeling we 'll see them again .
An outstanding adaptation of Stephen King 's novel , It is a creepy and unnerving coming-of-age-tale that brings a true monster to life .
In the end , Muschietti 's film is a big , fat , gorgeously produced love letter to King 's epic novel .
Directed by Andy Muschietti -LRB- Mamá -RRB- , It is less a remake than a recycling .
-LSB- It -RSB- is highly enjoyable and is a must watch for horror film fans .
In many ways IT is n't about a monster as such , but the monstrous ways children are treated when they are most vulnerable .
It is unfortunate that the film is as diagrammatic as an algebra equation . Actually , I believe that algebra is more terrifying than old Pennywise .
It only seems like `` fun '' if you fall for King 's obvious , contemptuous treatment of American innocence .
Somewhere in all of this we almost forget that we are even watching a movie and find ourselves living the experience right along with the characters - a rare and precious opportunity in times that have undermined our ability to be scared .
It is a fabulous , top-grade remake and , thankfully , it takes its time . Carefully directed by Andy Muschietti -LRB- who proved his chops with the 2013 spookfest Mama -RRB- the film is heavy with atmosphere ... If only all remakes were made with this kind of care .
It 's really that childhood bonding that gives It emotional resonance , as well as the scares it taps into . And , yes , it is perfectly great as an old-school scary movie .
The motor that drives It is the dread that there 's no safety net : that the world is chaos and the only bridge keeping us above it is the ties we use to bind us .
But while It is a good film that is skilled at recreating its milieu , it also made me a little sad . Boys get all the good nostalgia pieces .
The kids do n't need a clown to scare them - their parents are villainous enough .
IT nonetheless manages in a lot of ways to improve on its source material , combining horror and adventure in a way that will leave audiences both scared and exhilarated .
Pennywise remains a chilling figure , lurking beneath the streets of a small Maine town , but you feel his most poignant appearances are still to come .
The director 's touch is surprisingly playful , not only succumbing to the depravity of the darkest corners of the story , but transmitting the way in which the mentality of its characters works . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Skarsgard 's purring Pennywise is the stuff of indelible beddy-time nightmares , but this fusing of small-town Americana and childhood neuroses lags , feels cobbled together from other fright films
A true generational film , which not only pays tribute to a story that marked an era , but is also capable of creating its new mythology . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The script makes it easy to invest in the kids ; themes like loss of innocence are at the centre of the film , making this more than just a horror film .
It works phenomenally well , leaving you thoroughly engaged rather than shaking in your boots .
More than ever before , America needs Stephen King .
It has all the essential ingredients for a superior psychological thriller . Muschietti is the masterchef who knows just how to combine them .
This It feels a little too much like pastiche , with its window on to an 80s informed by King as much as any other creator but a little further along the path to cartoonishness than the novel or the TV miniseries .
It is -LSB- a -RSB- study in trauma to match the best of them .
Despite a second part seemingly on the horizon , the film stands on its own as one of the stronger King adaptations brought to screen .
This scary adaptation of Stephen King 's 1986 supernatural thriller , featuring adolescents , is particularly timely , given the success of Netflix 's ` Stranger Things . '
Only glances the skin but never gets under it .
The relentless grotesquerie and deeply unsettling tone are the closest match I think I 've ever seen on screen for Stephen King 's particular brand of horror .
A film about summertime friendships easily on par with fellow King adaptation Stand by Me .
I 'm writing this not so much as a critic but as an ordinary moviegoer , experiencing Proustian transport via an old-fashioned scary movie executed by a team of filmmakers and actors at the top of their game .
What we 're left with is a solid but relatively conventional horror movie , above average but overlong .
It 's partly a horror film , of course , but also a surprisingly funny and touching coming-of-age story that reminds one of 80s classics like Stand By Me -LRB- another King adaptation -RRB- and The Goonies .
Too long , but very good , director Andres Muschietti has done a really nice job and the kids are great .
A film with a terrifying beginning , faithful to Stephen King 's work . It 's impossible not to think about Stand by Me and the most recent -LRB- and influenced by It -RRB- , Stranger Things . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Muschietti 's movie feels proficient but purposeless -- an amiable enough mixture of 1980s nostalgia , adolescent empowerment and R-rated frights that , for all their crunch , never quite put the shiver into your bones .
Despite a pace that grows repetitive in the long run , there remain a few surprises that bode well for It 's second film chapter .
The new cinematic Pennywise is a villain for the ages , and while you 'll want more of him , it 's hard to fault the movie for rationing out his pleasures rather than over-selling them .
Pennywise was so deliciously creepy , I wanted to know more . Maybe Chapter 2 will flesh evil out . I want to know why .
A wonderful sense of place , perfect casting , especially of the young characters , and it 's really , really scary .
The movie is not terrifying but blandly edifying ; its scares , foreshadowed as if by telegram , are delivered less effectively than its life lessons .
It makes me nostalgic for when I used to get scared by movies because I do n't anymore ... But man oh man , It captures how it feels to be a scared child .
A respectable addition to the King cinematic canon .
It works well as a roll call of childhood fears .
`` IT 'S '' bark is worse than its bite .
Another Stephen King novel made into a film that looks good but fails to deliver the chills his readers must have felt .
Muschietti serves up yet another tale of a group of misfit BMX kids riding around a small town America trying to solve a mystery .
While it may not be as frightening as some hardened horror fans desire , the archetypal terrors and fundamental friendships of King 's source are slickly transferred to the screen with a ghoulish enthusiasm that proves hard to resist .
The film works more as a bittersweet coming-of-age story than the terrors for which we presumably paid to see .
A deathly serious , exhaustingly banal , cut-and-dried cash grab .
This stripped down adaptation of Stephen King 's novel of the same name may lack the nuance and , hence , the crescendos of a true horror classic , but when it comes to zeroing in on the terror of a child 's helplessness , it has few peers .
IT is replete with `` jump scares '' and visual/body horror . However , the film shines when focused on the children 's relationships with one another , their mutual distrust of authority , and their pact to fight back .
Does n't cut very deep and is n't very scary .
Its force resides in the universality of the horror it portrays . -LSB- Full review in Portuguese . -RSB-
It 's such a great performance that you wish Muschietti had eased up on the CGI and just let Skarsgård do the talking .
The Goonies , Stand by Me , and Poltergeist went into a blender with a pinch of E.T. and John Hughes to smush into a mess of retro 80s mush .
It is n't just one of the best Stephen King adaptations of recent years , but one of the best adaptations in his career .
Most of the time , director Andy Muschietti telegraphs his passes , settling for content that looks scary more than it is scary .
IT makes for a fun ride . But I still do n't know whether that means it 's a good movie or if I just really like Stand By Me and Stranger Things .
Stephen King 's scariest book earns a solid , if minor , adaptation
The best major studio horror movie in years . The film is certainly scary , but also funny , exciting , and even a little heartwarming .
It the movie is plenty scary , with imagery that 's the stuff of nightmares , though the thrills are less about the element of surprise than the dread of anticipation .
Even those unfamiliar with the book might wonder why this kids-only manifestation of IT feels strangely toothless on the horror front .
This new It has more on its mind , and gives more body and voice to King 's ideas of childhood anxieties and the corrosive power of fear .
IT is horror with heart and high jinks . If taking on a killer clown and all IT 's compadres leads to the adventure the Losers have , you 'll float , too .
It may be less familiar to fans of either of the original works : something new may come from the old , and that 's exciting ; in the meantime It stands as a solid half-an-adaptation of a genre classic and a legitimate horror film .
It stares down creepy clowns , but turns away from the ultimate evil .
The real protagonism is exercised by repetition , a flat screenplay , cheap and continuous scares , the crushing and unbearable music underlining each plane and a superficial and forced vision of the cornered universe of children . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Horror 's power here does not come from monstrous imagery , but from the encounter with evil ... Muschietti seems to miss that , going for teeth over terror from the get-go .
The complexity and intensity of the dramatic texture of Stephen King 's film positions it as one of the best films of this genre in 2017 . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It ... is worth watching for its crackerjack opening and the strength of its young cast , but mainly because of its inherent promise of -LRB- possibly -RRB- better things to come .
This is an entertaining horror show that knowingly reflects its '80s influences .
It 's actually quite refreshing when the thrills and chills provide the much-needed break from all the pleasantness . How 's that for something new ?
I liked It a lot . Its aftermath is so busy in my mind , that I 'm tempted to award it four stars just for that . But based on what is on the screen I 'll stick with 3 1/2 .
The key actors here , all hovering around the age of 15 , are uniformly good , and director Andy Muschietti , whose last film was the shivery Mama , handles them with rare assurance .
The climactic confrontation is long-drawn-out and merely serves to set the tone for the proposed Chapter Two . Here 's hoping it takes another 27 years for It and the gang to creep back into cinemas .
Director Andy Muschietti , cinematographer Chung-hoon Chung , Bill Skarsgard -LRB- Pennywise -RRB- and young cast make King 's tale a real scream .
Put together , the focus on the kids both redeems It through charm and robs the movie of a greater power .
It may not be as terrifying as the novel I read when I was 12 . But the film transported some part of me to that liminal space between childhood and adolescence , a space of freedom and powerlessness and fear .
I ca n't say the first half of It scared me senseless , but it built up enough goodwill toward its young heroes to make me curious about what they 'll be like in their grown-up incarnations .
Argentinean director Andy Muschietti is more concerned about sustaining dread than making sense .
Sometimes a picture on a wall can give someone the creeps . `` It '' gets its power to produce actual spine-tingles from these images , not necessarily from the fear of a machete-wielding killer , but things that are coming to get you .
Even though `` It '' has all the jumps and splatter horror fans crave , it 's the movie 's heart that leaves the longest impression .
-LSB- Bill Skarsgard 's -RSB- Pennywise the Dancing Clown will haunt your nightmares .
One of the more successfully spooky cinematic translations from the writer 's horror collection . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Profanity , Sexual Content , Scary Scenes , etc. - also Available -RRB-
The bottom line is that It is one of the better Stephen King film adaptations , but falls short of the pantheon ...
`` It '' is scary , but the film also makes magical use of foul language . Wolfhard -LRB- `` Stranger Things '' -RRB- introduces an almost supernatural use of the f-bomb . He delivers the word with such rapidity and , frankly , innocence , that even George Carlin would blush .
It has n't quite got that it factor .
The It films have the potential to be the horror equivalent of the Kill Bill movies , where Volume I has all of the splatter , but Volume II has the depth and winds up being even better .
A horror movie that grabs you right out of the gate . By the throat .
You 'll scream bloody murder !
Here 's how the new It finishes what the TV version started .
A brilliant adaptation - faithful yet fresh , at once funny and frightening .
Bill Skarsgård puts the cool into coulrophobia , bringing an arch , languid evil to Pennywise along with a faint Scandinavian brogue .
I actually looked in a shop window to check my hair had n't turned white .
While the killer clown Pennywise is the center of the film 's marketing campaign , the image on the film 's poster , it 's the kids in this surprisingly robust adaptation of Stephen King 's novel who give `` It '' its center .
Even if it 's not especially scary , It is highly entertaining with excellent performances from its teen cast .
Wordplay from all kinds of irresistible angles comes to mind . It is n't all that scary and It is a little too long but considering horror fare these days , It is pretty good .
As a coming of age parable , IT succeeds at being both horrifying and emotionally-resonant , even while adapting only half of King 's original story .
It is funny and warm and touching and frightening and profane and profound . It 's one of the best horror movies of the year . You 'll float alright .
` It ' succeeds because the kids are relatable and director Andy Muschietti ... spends as much time in letting us get to know the kids as he does on the terrifying events that propel them to band together and take action .
It has been a long time since a Stephen King adaptation could be called fun .
` IT ' is the ` Stand By Me ' of Stephen King 's cinematic horror canon .
Even if this new It 's ambitions to be Stand By Me with horror are n't ever quite properly fulfilled , it stands as a valiant pursuit of that ideal .
Proving just what can be done with a now familiar concept if lavished with care , attention and craft , It really is one of the most gripping and glowing Stephen King movie adaptations .
While at some points the movie 's effects get in its own way and some of the main characters feel slightly underdeveloped , it 's a thrilling entry in the genre and one of the better King adaptations .
An overly CGI-ed killer clown who looks like a drag queen in need of a solid lace front just is n't scary in 2017 . Many critics are praising ` It , ' but I doubt audiences will feel the same punch . ` It ' is one of the biggest disappointments of the year .
It works best exploring the comedic , playful and tightly knit dynamic between the boys ... proving that King 's strength really lies in depicting boys ' clubs .
`` It '' fills its 135-minute run time with enough impressive visuals to keep its audience rapt , if not as emotionally invested as the source material deserves .
To its genuine credit , Muschietti 's movie adds up to something decisively more than just archetypes and scares , though how much more is up to you .
While It contains a number of effective set-pieces and scares -LRB- although not nearly as many as last month 's Annabelle : Creation managed in a shorter running time -RRB- , it really does n't hang together as a narrative .
Watching this is like listening to a perfect pop hit on the car radio - one can clearly sense the intense finessing and production that has gone into the work and just how cleverly manipulative and formulaic it is .
-LSB- It 's -RSB- themes survive the mayhem that pops up with metronomic regularity , but just barely .
What is it about clowns , anyway ?
Muschietti 's It strikes a nice balance between sleepover-ready gross-outs -LRB- tiptoeing through raw sewage , for example -RRB- and tender coming-of-age storytelling .
The story of the kids is good enough that the film works as a twisted variation on a coming-of-age tale ...
I liked the kids but this one 's mostly for King fans and horror film lovers .
... like walking through the world 's creepiest haunted house-15 times in a row .
An entertaining adaptation where the interpretations and the period recreation truly shines . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A joyful cinematographic experience , a recognizable comfort food , pleasant and frightening . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Horror and a dash of humor keep this Goonies-style chiller afloat .
A solid , well-made picture , one of the better King adaptations if not of the very top rank among them , even if its over-reliance on CGI effects grows tiresome by the close .
The movie earns its R-rating less by bloodletting than by long , slow buildups , creepy shadows and half-glimpsed things that go bump in the night in sewers and derelict old houses . That 's a good thing .
This adaptation , rather than inspiring deep-seated terror , tends to be frightening in the carnival funhouse sort of way .
It occasionally reminds you of how awful it can be a kid , and it also occasionally makes you jump out of your chair . But it never figures out how to do both at the same time .
It , on the page or the screen , is a complex mix of coming-of-age elements with ideas about childhood fears , memory and human nature - good and bad .
This is a worthy entry into the King cinematic universe and one that I hope to see more of with the promised second half if this one does well enough . Despite minor flaws IT is still effective where it counts .
If a blood-gushing horror film were to mate with a whacking good screwball farce , this would be the gripping , R-rated result .
Director Andy Muschietti delivers that kids-on-a-mission vibe well enough to recommend the first chapter of It .
If you 're looking for a film that 's guaranteed to have you gripping your seat , this is `` It . ''
What makes this film so distinctive and so evocative is youthful innocence of the protagonists in the face of grinning evil .
It 's an unfocused hodgepodge of ineffective scenes and conflicting tones that disintegrates into an unsatisfying pile of ... blah .
This is a handsome , diligently respectful adaptation .
-LSB- It -RSB- is genuinely eerie and touches on a kind of fear far more universal and upsetting that killer clowns and such .
The movie will undoubtedly successfully engage and entertain fans of the horror genre .
Call it a symphony of orchestral meta-horror , an elaborate waking nightmare in which you , as the dreamer , are constantly reminded of what the film is trying to do , and yet are powerless to stop it .
But for all its shocking imagery , IT is more successful as a coming-of-age story-aided by a talented cast of unknowns-with the monster serving as a stand-in for our collective loss of innocence .
I ca n't pass a sewer anymore without half-expecting Pennywise 's frightening face to appear !
It is a white-knuckle horror show blessed with an R rating , by which I mean it does n't have to rein in its gory , toothy terrors , like other , lesser , PG-13-rated King films must .
If The Dark Tower was the underwhelming studio-trimmed Cliff 's Notes YA version of that Stephen King story , -LRB- this -RRB- is the R-rated unabridged directors-cut vision of this one .
Despite the many terrifying moments they endure in their quest -- scenes that will leave you trembling and giggling at once -- It is even more powerful in the warm , easy camaraderie between its young stars .
The last hour collapses into junk .
Director Andy Muschietti goes back to the source , creating a movie that 's true to King 's novel while making changes that create lighter , humorous breaks before you 're scared witless .
A vintage throwback feel recalls several other touchstone movies of its 1980s era , while the reset hews true to the dark , twisted soul of King 's source material .
An entertaining , and genuinely quite terrifying horror ; a difficult balance to get right .
The premiere King joint of the year , but it 's also one of his finest translations overall , with the production getting the author 's macabre imagination just right .
The kids ' gradual discovery of the clown 's lethal doings is tense enough , but again , all the red-nose-and-fangs stuff is n't as absorbing as the ode-to-pubescence dynamic .
Muschietti understands the Spielberg-ian rule , that creating a recognizable and convincing backdrop makes the supernatural thing in the foreground feel tangible and believable .
The literal ghouls here take a back seat to the subtler ones , which are really where `` It '' shines darkly .
The more Muschietti piles on the CG terrors - heavy on the red stuff - and the more he shows of the demonic doings of the clown Pennywise , the less terrifying Pennywise becomes .
When it comes to watching kids get spooked by not only a shape-shifting monster , but by a spate of dramatic and everyday childhood traumas , the film delivers .
Much more successful as a coming-of-age movie than as a horror film .
The film is frequently scary -LRB- especially for coulrophobics -RRB- and always absorbing , with a measured yet affectionate nostalgia for the period .
It falls short of being a great movie , but it 's easily the best big-screen King adaptation in a very long time .
Contrary to the brilliant trailer-cutting department at Warner Bros. , It is not a scary movie ... we get an awful lot of Pennywise-as-special effect , being churned through the digital funhouse mirror . And , well ... obvious digital effects just are n't scary .
Fear is given a face in It , a hugely entertaining half-adaptation of Stephen King 's doorstopper of a novel .
It cashes in on trendy retroism -- the remedial , brash distant second cousin to nostalgia -- instead of utilizing the perspective of , to borrow from Joni Mitchell , seeing clowns from both sides now .
IT is Stephen King done right - full of respect for the source material , and full of winning performances and legitimate scream-out-loud scares .
` It ' quickly proves unafraid of inflicting gore on innocent kids and boasts a freaking terrifying Pennywise thanks to Bill Skarsgård ...
... a big , ballsy , crowd-pleasing monster movie with wonderful characters , creative scares and a sense of style ...
It is a horror movie that should delight fans of the genre and general audiences equally .
It does n't work as a horror movie , but that 's not where it finds its strength . It is fun - like Steven Spielberg , Stranger Things-level fun .
A new modern classic for the horror and suspense genre . Pennywise now joins the ranks of Freddy , Jason and Michael Myers . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
So while the movie is n't necessarily buoyant , as assembled , it floats just fine .
... Muschietti 's eye for striking images is one of the film 's core assets ...
You almost wish the movie had jettisoned the horror elements entirely , and converted It into what it feels like it wants to be - something more like King 's Stand By Me , with a teen girl in the mix .
In Stranger Things ' wake , It feels like the driftwood shoring up on the Stephen King nostalgia .
For a movie with so much blood , It feels disappointingly bloodless .
Yet for all its dark social relevance , It is also moving , emotional , and even optimistic .
The hype machine has been working overtime to promote Muschietti 's adaptation ... as ` terrifying . ' It 's not . What it is is boring , predictable and too safe , its scare set pieces so competently over stylized they lose any sense of the frightening unknown .
As a child of the '80s , this reviewer had high expectations for this classic horror fable and director Andy Muschietti mostly manages to live up to them .
Derry is the true monster of IT , and Muschietti gets Derry very , very right .
Andy Muschietti 's It is a wholesome adaption that never sacrifices story for cheap scares , which makes for a brilliantly chilling tale rooted in heart and fluent in screams .
But like King 's best work , the movie wants to be greater than the sum of some cheap scares . Often , thanks to its strong cast and quieter moments , It succeeds in this goal ...
It 's scary and funny but by the time all is said and done , It falls short of being a classic .
Creepy , killer clowns have been around for a long time , and -LSB- Bill -RSB- Skarsgard 's Pennywise is one of the nastier incarnations , expressing joyous schadenfreude in the fear of the children he takes .
It , unfortunately , is loaded with superfluous screams . The effect is akin to having someone poking you in the ribs , relentlessly , and shouting : `` Scary , is n't it ? Scary ! Right !? ''
While It is a classic horror at its heart , the film is also a coming-of-age story in equal measure as friendships forge and promises are made , sliding the door open for a sequel that is sure to follow .
These young performers manage to play their characters as heroes , while never relinquishing the elements that make them seem like the kids next door .
Two things that are true : ` It ' is a fun movie , and unexamined nostalgia is poison .
What makes this `` It '' work so well is the way it pulls us back into our own childhoods with a cast of young characters and the shared experiences - some horrifying , some hilarious - that bind them together .
There is more to It than scares though . It , at heart , is a coming of age tale .
IT is pure popcorn horror : crowdpleasing , gruesome and guaranteed to make you jump . It just may not crawl under your skin like you want it to .
The costume and effects departments play an absolute blinder , but it 's -LSB- Bill -RSB- Skarsgard 's manic energy and presence that brings a level of unease and intensity to proceedings that is just incredible .
We understand these characters , we understand so painfully their fears . That 's the kind of horror that nestles deep inside your brain . It 's the kind that follows you home .
The fraught , yet immersive It experience delivers a complete and lasting rush , not unlike an entire season of the Netflix classic Stranger Things administered in a single , powerful two-hour dose .
Strong performances and production carry the day . This pop culture psychodrama still works , and linked up to its pending sequel should add up to a bit more than the sum of its parts .
Predictably , Andrés Muschietti 's lush-looking adaptation , while a marked improvement on the tedious 1990 TV miniseries , has the same shortcomings as King 's original material .
The film spends enough time shading in the backstories and drumming up emotional investment in the gang 's quest to make the prospect of Part Two thoroughly appealing .
A genuinely bloody , creepy and terrifying piece of classic horror mixed with brilliant teen humour , romance and a classic coming of age story .
Instead of building tension and suspense , It just jumps from scene to scares with no connection or coherence to thread them together other than the mere fact that they 've been placed on top of one-another , like toys mixed up from different sets .
This is less an adaptation of the book and more a Cliff Notes version of the TV mini-series .
Andres Muschietti 's IT , based on portions of King 's enormous 1986 horror novel , comes close to capturing the essence of what this author is all about .
What we have here is a new rendition of a classic book -LRB- or rather half of it -RRB- that vastly improves upon the original adaptation by giving us something that has a little heart , a few good scares , and a great cast .
Andy Muschietti 's It is Stephen King distilled in its purest form - namely , terrifying .
What do we have here , really ? We have a story that feels not so much freshly imagined as dutifully recounted .
It could have been one of the greatest Stephen King adaptations ever . As it stands , it 's simply a very , very good one
They 've finally stopped clowning around with a Stephen King adaptation .
The filmmakers honor both the pastoral and the infernal dimensions of Mr. King 's distinctive literary vision .
IT is beyond a shadow of a doubt the most blood-curdling film of the year and possibly the best King adaptation yet .
` IT ' Achieves Horror Greatness as Pennywise Becomes a Horror Icon for the Ages !
The great comeback of Pennywise the killer clown is scary and surprisingly fun .
An extremely entertaining studio horror movie that will make you laugh as much as jump in fear .
There are so many jump-out-of-your-seat moments , that I have no idea how I managed to maintain a steady heart rate throughout most of IT .
Nosferatu-like incisors punctuating his grimace grin , Bill Skarsgård brings a new level of unpredictable malice to the childkiller entity that haunts King 's benighted Derry , Maine . And he does it within a trimmer narrative that maximizes the horror .
The film compellingly articulates the universal anxieties associated with adolescence . Consistently , persuasively unnerving , `` It '' turns the coming-of-age drama into a nightmare .
Functions more as a roller coaster ride of frights and humor than a dread-inducing exercise in terror .
It 's a riveting coming-of-age yarn that centers on the horrors of being an adolescent . Irrational fears are shining bright . But loyal friends that stand by you can make all that the misery more tolerable .
It -LRB- the movie -RRB- is suffused with a sense of suffocating dread and contains some particularly nasty violence , but also captures the heart and soul of the story .
The final impression is of middle-ranking Kingiana sold and displayed by the yard .
Really good . Scary good , even .
Hits the ground running as a deliciously entertaining , legitimately shuddersome horror feature , but it excels as something altogether more profound , a cathartic fable constellating the twilight of childhood innocence .
Certain aspects of It remain burned on your brain like a flashbulb on exposed film .
`` It '' fashions and establishes itself as one of the new age horror classics for audiences to relish for decades .
More successful as a coming-of-age movie than a horror , It still ranks among the better Stephen King adaptations - no small praise indeed .
Not the most original tale , and it drags through the middle acts , but the most hellish depiction of childhood this side of `` Schindler 's List '' is something to behold .
The terror that crept up your spine as a kid hiding from the closet monster is here in bloody spades .
Fresh , frightening , inventive , with exceptional performances from the young cast , we ca n't imagine a movie more viscerally and emotionally true to King 's text .
For all the warm familiarity and unexpected sweetness conjured by the production 's adherence to nostalgia , ` horror ' it most certainly is .
Once the characters have been set up , Muschietti is free to linger as much as he wants over certain set pieces , and the results are as scary as they should be .
The infamous clown is plenty freaky , though it 's the youngsters , bursting with hormones and one-liners , who make It one of the better Stephen King adaptations .
The real reason IT works is because it takes time with the kids , revelling in their colourful lingo and comradeship as much as their fears .
The whole movie is so affecting that Pennywise does n't even matter . In a way , he 's more of a McGuffin to the real horrors at hand , from parental abuse to violent bullying to the unnerving revelation that life has only just begun .
This is very much a ring-the-changes update , with the ramped-up set pieces and state-of-the-art grisliness to match .
The film works beautifully as a straight-arrow genre piece , and a portrait of young people taking command of their own destiny .
It is scary , yes -- but it 's heartbreaking , too . And that , even more than the clown 's nasty tricks , might be what lingers with you .
Everything about the film hits all the perfect notes-the cast , the score , the aesthetic , the unflinching horror , and an astute attention to the details-making IT one of the very best horror movies to come out during 2017 .
The new version of King 's classic demonic clown story delivers two of the author 's signature pleasures -- an emotional re-creation of those beleaguered years of childhood , when it was us-against-the-adults , and a truly visceral sense of horror .
While the idea of a `` creepy clown ' is pretty much an oxymoron - just put a regular clown out there and the creeps will flow naturally - Skarsgård 's performance gives Pennywise some much-needed shading between the jump scares .
Since the adult characters are nearly as inconsequential as the grown-ups in Peanuts , the movie rises and falls on the strength of its young ensemble . The seven are consistently good , with solid chemistry and a natural way with sarcastic banter .
This is a really fun movie . Good , too . Not great , but old-school in its approach to scares and , even better , in its approach to the relationships between kids , outsiders who band together to try to take down a monstrous evil .
It is essentially two movies . The better by far -LRB- and it 's very good -RRB- is the one that feels like a darker Stand by Me .
When a film of this magnitude has so many young characters front and center in the lead roles , so much depends on the casting -- and in this case , there 's not a single misstep .
Yes , I crawled out of my skin and yes , Pennywise is still scary as all get-out , but the real strength of this film lies in The Losers Club and that incredible cast .
This is an ensemble smorgasbord of scariness , or maybe a portmanteau of petrification , throwing everything but the haunted kitchen-sink at the audience in the cause of freaking us out .
It is a solid thriller that works best when it is most involved in its adolescent heroes ' non-monster-related concerns .
It 's not only exciting to see a movie that can elicit such an impressive visceral reaction , but also create a rich , cinematic world that somehow manages to be both terrifying and inviting .
The resulting two-and-a-half hour horror-adventure saga winds up a serviceable adaptation and nothing more .
It may not be the best Stephen King movie -LRB- even though it comes impressively close -RRB- , but it 's probably the MOST Stephen King movie .
King fans will surely appreciate the clear effort and affection that went into this adaptation , even as it struggles to become more than the sum of its parts .
There 's never a scene in IT that wants you to pause and appreciate how creepy it is ; instead , those scenes serve to build tension and illuminate what the characters fear . The pacing , visuals , and score are all exquisite .
As a well-crafted scarefest , It is satisfying and exhausting in equal measure .
This unflinching , bloody , and visually stunning adaptation is sure to fill cinemas world over with screams aplenty .

@highlight

Well-acted and fiendishly frightening with an emotionally affecting story at its core , It amplifies the horror in Stephen King 's classic story without losing touch with its heart .