Our Idiot Brother is an okay movie , a pretty good comedy , and a stellar vehicle for star Paul Rudd .
Memo to Hollywood : there 's absolutely no way that hideous glasses could manage to make Rashida Jones look anything less than stunning !
If plot-wise there is n't all that much new being cooked up here , the invaluable , endlessly creative Rudd 's interactions with a gallery of terrific actors carry the day .
... a film that largely earns its laughs honestly .
This inane comedy lives down to its title .
Makes you want to go home and turn on your television .
Our Idiot Brother is an enjoyable comedy thanks to its strong supporting cast and a terrific central performance from Paul Rudd .
Rudd can play the innocent as well as the snarky cynic , and that serves him wonderfully here .
` Cute ' is probably not the word one would expect to attach to a film with this title , but there is no more apropos term for its gentle comic charm .
`` Our Idiot Brother '' goes down in a good way , with an infectious positivity .
Another fish-out-of-water story , ` Our Idiot Brother ' never really makes a huge impact . It contains a few laughs certainly , but it 's not one of the outstanding entries in this year 's adult comedy genre .
The sometimes mediocre and rote script never falls too far in quality because of the charm of the cast .
A sweet and at times raunchy comedy , Our Idiot Brother features Paul Rudd at his likeable best in his portrayal of a liberal Jesus figure stuck in a rut .
It has its moments but , for the most part , I found it to be flat and disappointing .
Lugubrious , bumbling and sit-com predictable , Our Idiot Brother has a couple of good ideas , no style , an episodic structure and some charming incidental pleasures , not the least of which are the performances , which are good .
What I liked about the film is that there is a very good cast . I think all the women in the film are terrific actors .
Charming and at times very funny .
While no one would hail Our Idiot Brother as the most accessible movie comedy of 2011 , it is definitely the one most comfortable in its skin .
Surrounded by caricatures and a bit of schmaltz , this comedy is bolstered by a charismatic lead performance from Paul Rudd .
Light and funny , Our Idiot Brother is an easy watch thanks to well-shaped , realistic characters and an entertaining story with moral fibre .
There is nothing mean about the humour nor does it rely on creating embarrassment to elicit the uncomfortable laughs .
The film has a two-tone sensibility , mixing rumpus fun with attempts at meaningful observational drama , and it 's a bit simplistic , but has enough entertainment value to pass muster . Just .
Our Idiot Brother is not a gross-out comedy . Rather , it 's a sensitive , soulful movie more focused on moments of human fallibility than on farting .
A pleasant-enough trifle that ensnares itself in the uneasy middle ground between indie drama and dumb-guy comedy .
The absolutely most enthusiastic thing I can say about Our Idiot Brother is that I did n't mind sitting through it .
The film never gives any sense of clarity regarding how its pieces fit together , leaving us to wonder who the true idiots are .
While the movie coulda/shoulda been longer than its scant 90 minutes , it 's actually surprising just how much memorable material is packed into the piece .
Rudd brings color and dimension to a borderline-simpleton schlub who could have easily become a one-note cliché .
It provides a pleasant buzz while it unfolds but vanishes quickly in a puff of smoke .
The title sibling almost makes up for the shortcomings of the story , but Our Idiot Brother falls short of brilliant .
His actions and everyone else 's reactions create a path of insufferably trite destruction/resurrection .
Somehow the script manages to eke out enough new jokes and sweet moments to help me hang in there with Ned , and Elizabeth Banks makes a deliciously despicable Miranda .
This has none of the hard edges of a movie like Little Miss Sunshine , but it does have a delightful quirkiness to it , with Rudd 's performance holding it all together .
A rather conventional comedy , Our Idiot Brother ... -LSB- is -RSB- totally pleasant , warm , and occasionally very funny . Sometimes that 's the kind of film we really need .
Just enough wrinkles that it does n't seem completely familiar .
Paul Rudd screams Portland in a good way , but the annoying sisters take their toll and nearly ruin my Rudd buzz .
Paul Rudd 's hippie character Ned could shame Willie Nelson fans into disowning their musical hero .
Paul Rudd is terrific as the loveable , good-hearted , naive Ned . His warmth makes this a feel good film .
Mature comedy mixes edgy content , sweet substance .
More clever than laugh-out-loud funny , the comedy is mostly driven by our observations of Ned , who ca n't help screwing up the lives of his sisters one-by-one , despite his good intentions .
Two things help keep Our Idiot Brother interesting , a superb cast and a well-written rework of familiar ideas that have been done to death .
A genial sitcom-lite comedy that stumbles when it tries to make the clueless idiot brother into a wise man bringing life lessons and salvation to a dysfunctional family .
A well-intentioned idealist clueless enough to make Forest Gump look streetwise .
It 's the enormous likability of Paul Rudd as the title Idiot that really makes this movie work .
Unmistakably Little Miss Sunshine-y ... a sunny sitcom of family dysfunction ...
liltingly transcendent
Any film with a dog named Willie Nelson is a `` See It Now '' in my book .
The emphasis is not so much on laughs , but on exploring familial relationships . It achieves some degree of success on both those counts , but the degree was n't quite high enough for my taste .
A surprisingly sweet comedy that utilizes the family dynamic a lot better than other films in the genre .
Promising but lifeless .
Strange , then , how Our Idiot Brother wastes its lone asset -- there 's not enough idiot , and far too many boring savants .
It 's slow , vaguely preachy and filled with characters who are impossible to like .
Not everyone has an idiot brother . Likewise , not every movie about one is engaging - or entertaining .
It 's rare that summer ends on as sweet a note as Our Idiot Brother .
A bearded , long-haired , Crocs-clad Paul Rudd just owns the part and makes it all worthwhile .
The cast members , beginning with Rudd , have an improvisatory ease , and the director , Jesse Peretz , working from a script by Evgenia Peretz and David Schisgall , does n't indulge in the sort of nail-on-the-head comedy that currently reigns .
With the way the world is going right now , maybe it would be a better place if we were all idiots like Ned .
Wastes a cast of very talented comedic performers by giving them just about nothing funny to do , and sticking them in a plot in which every character is a moron , a moral monster or both .
It 's hard to play a character who 's both humanely decent and laugh-out-loud funny , and Rudd delivers in spades .
Like its protagonist , the film is n't sharp either . -LRB- Full Content Parental Review also available -RRB-
` Idiot ' Less Than Inspired
Even the usually likable Rudd ca n't do much with the enigmatic Ned , who often behaves exactly in the idiotic manner he 's accused of .
Hey , man , if you 've got Paul Rudd spreading sunshine in every scene , what 's there to complain about ?
Dude , where 's the movie ?
The film goes far on its good nature , though it is never more than gently funny .
A film that offers dumb fun , but in reality may be crazy like a fox .
Rudd has created a genuinely engaging character in the Candide-like Ned , but `` Our Idiot Brother '' gives him very little garden to cultivate .
It gives many talented people the kinds of comic opportunities you often wish they had in other , lesser films .
Despite a pleasantly laid-back demeanor , you wish it would just get focused .
Never captivating the audience to hang on every moment . It 's just OK
... a feel-good film that 's engaging , smartly paced , and entirely likable .
It 's a shame to see Rudd given a role that lets him hit it out of the park in a movie that never comes close to matching him .
The script takes its time establishing the three -LSB- sisters -RSB- on an equally sympathetic level as Ned , as they fall into the same traps he does .
The actors have a lot of fun creating their characters but there is not one believable relationship between any of them , except Ned 's with the hippie who replaced him .
A film that , simply put , is difficult to care for or get excited about .
Our Idiot Brother is heavy on situational ephemera but light on narrative thrust .
It 's a warm , intelligent and highly contemporary comedy with just the right amount of edge , a terrific ensemble cast and a big , fuzzy golden retriever ready to knock you down and lick you like a giant lollipop .
Ned turns out to be a strangely moving figure , a comic foil worthy of affection , perhaps even respect .
The laughs are consistent and occasionally outlandish , but more often , they arise out of recognizable family situations .
The hippie jokes are as obvious as Ned 's shaggy beard , but that 's OK since this story about a painfully nice guy mostly works .
A thin , unconvincing movie made likable by the charm and skill of its cast and by a script peppered with wit and insight .
Easily could have been mildly funny and phony but instead is really funny and true to life .
Welcome to the world of Ned , an eternally sunny realm where everyone is greeted as an old friend and everything will always work out fine , even when it does n't .
A movie that has a few laughs , but despite its laid-back hero has a forced , oddly strident feel .
The comedic targets , such as ultracompetitive elementary schools and terrible stand-up comics , are overly familiar .
Our Idiot Brother comes off as a blueprint for a smart script no one really made .
Paul Rudd gives this small-scaled film a distinctive , genial glow .
It 's mediocre in a passive , energy-sapping way midway between humdrum and ho-hum .
The comedy is n't always as crisp as it should be , but Peretz has the perfect partner in crime in Rudd .
The rhythms are gentle , the smiles plentiful , the chuckles frequent , with the overall effect about as pleasantly innocuous as the film 's hero .
Paul Rudd and a strong ensemble enliven this comic tale of a homeless hippie who disrupts the more conventional lives of his three New York City sisters .
Peretz has figured out how to make a happy commercial contraption with eccentric flavoring .
The comedy 's relaxed , moony rhythms imbue it with a certain charm , but can result in a certain stop-and-start awkwardness , too .
In the right role -LRB- `` I Love You , Man '' -RRB- Rudd 's unique style works very well . `` Idiot Brother '' is ... almost right .
Given the thinness of the script , I 'm surprised so many name actors signed on .
Our Idiot Brother is a feel-good movie for people who resist feel-good movies , a flawed vessel that nonetheless stays afloat by clinging to its buoyant star , Paul Rudd .
a happy underachiever of a comedy
Our Idiot Brother has a refreshingly easy-going pace for a comedy , and Paul Rudd , Elizabeth Banks and Zooey Deschanel lead a charming cast .
While the film does offer its share of zingy one-liners and entertaining character moments , the final result is a movie that ca n't decide if it wants to be snarkily sweet or mean and misanthropic .
`` Our Idiot Brother '' pleasantly bounces along , never quite as funny as you 'd like it to be , but almost as likable as Ned himself .
A delightfully funny film about a modern-day holy fool who brings chaos into the lives of his three sisters while opening their hearts at the same time .
The movie crafted around Ned is a bit of a shaggy-dog story , struggling with the climax and coda , but the company is so pleasant and the cast so endearing that other flaws are easy to forgive .
I ca n't quite account for why the whole of Our Idiot Brother seemed to me greater than the sum of its admittedly modest parts . Maybe it 's just nice to see a comedy that 's about something other than `` Will these guys get laid ? '' or `` Which one will she marry ? ''
In a world of aggravating `` Little Fockers '' - level shrillness , or `` Hangover '' - style nastiness , `` Our Idiot Brother '' - small , but satisfying - is a pretty smart cookie .
`` Our Idiot Brother '' is made gently comic thanks to Rudd 's fool-on-the-hill vibe and a quirky and effervescent supporting cast .
Rudd is at his best , imbuing Ned with a deep humanity and a surprisingly persuasive edge . And as the sisters , Banks , Deschanel and Mortimer never hit a wrong note .
Rudd makes Ned such a comic force of calamitous geniality that you do n't mind the familiar narrative .
Funny , sweet , and a little soft ... An endearing ensemble piece that goes down like the diet version of Mike Leigh 's spectacular Happy-Go-Lucky .
Rudd is a master at understated goofiness and brilliant at conveying optimistic vacancy . Cluelessness is one of his best comic modes .
Paul Rudd 's charm has seldom been taxed as relentlessly as in Our Idiot Brother , which might as well be called Paul Rudd Is Charming : The Movie .
It 's refreshing , this late in the summer , to find a hot weather comedy that does n't hate its characters and embed them in scatology and sexual impossibilities .
It 's a whisper-thin conceit , stocked with characters and hipster situations just this side of stereotype , but there are enough knowing laughs , heart , and quirky performances to make this a no-brainer for film audiences .
` Our Idiot Brother ' -LSB- is -RSB- something more than has been advertised , something with more ambition , and it is obvious that director Jesse Peretz is interested in more than cheap laughs .
While too overtly modest to be a comedy game-changer , -LSB- it -RSB- is almost sufficiently feisty and entertaining to render the term ` a Sundance movie ' something less than dread-inspiring .
Our Idiot Brother kept me laughing throughout .
Undoubtedly flawed , but Peretz turns up the charm , bringing the best out of his cast and impressively honest , humorous and heartwarming dialogue to overshadow nearly every fault .
Director Jesse Peretz commits the unpardonable sin of wasting the considerable comedic talent of Paul Rudd .
Far out . Right on . Peace .
. Our Idiot Brother is an assortment of screwball characters in search of something to do before attaining enlightenment . It 's whimsy without substance , in a paper-thin comedy of smiles and nothing more .
Usually movies this slick and contrived have a shiny , Hollywood look , but Our Idiot Brother 's unslick look is dreadful . It lacks the professionalism of mumblecore .
The reason to watch `` Our Idiot Brother '' is to see Rudd , whose presence is always welcome .
A wannabe-feel-good comedy that turns out to be as cruel as its title .
The name and the premise of `` Our Idiot Brother '' would work better for a sitcom , or maybe several of them .
Our Idiot Brother may not be perfect , but , Crocs and all , Paul Rudd 's performance is idiot-proof .
A welcome feeling of familial reality , pulling laughs from a source of frustration viewers might be able to relate to . It 's a dumb comedy but never stupid , always good-natured and sharply performed .
Dostoevsky 's version was better , if not as funny .
Instead of a Magic Negro à la The Help , these women get a Magic Moron .
The film gives permission for a genre already prone to solipsism to finally close in on itself entirely .
There 's a gap of logic and emotion that 's hard to overcome .
If Our Idiot Brother clearly courts Gump-ian territory , its pattern finally bears a stronger resemblance to Pier Paolo Pasolini 's Teorema .
An airy , light-hearted and consistently fun dramedy .
Paul Rudd makes this ordinary comedy something special .
A well-written , delightful throwback to the Frank Capra/Preston Sturges sensibility , in which the one who owns the least usually has the most .
Many other actors would have hammed it up too much , gone for the cheap laugh . -LSB- Paul -RSB- Rudd and -LSB- Jesse -RSB- Peretz took the harder path and their work has definitely paid off .
Works perfectly as a situational comedy vehicle for Paul Rudd with all the warmth of an indie yet also the type of easy-to-digest premise that should appeal to a wide range of audiences .
There were a few inspired moments but mostly embarrassing misfires . It kind of feels like the whole movie is Kunu from Forgetting Sarah Marshall and that gets old as the main character .
A fine addition to the dysfunctional family comedy genre .
This movie really does n't think much of its hero .
Heavy on both the laughs and the heart .

@highlight

It 's decidedly uneven , but like Paul Rudd 's performance in the title role , Our Idiot Brother is too charming to resist .