Shrinks the world situation to fit the mood of America and gets away with it . Candy-coated reality ? Yankee vanity ? Maybe so . But the sunniness is welcome .
Makes Michael Moore look like Marcel Ophüls
There is room for a tough , journalistic documentary presented by someone who really did want to know the answer . But this is n't it .
Complicated global problems require something a bit more challenging than this .
Morgan Spurlock is a living , breathing cautionary tale . Take a good , long look , kids : This is what happens when society validates really annoying people .
Spurlock 's disarming , slightly goofy demeanor gets him out of situations that might mean trouble for anyone else . His films are always fun and even illuminating to watch .
This film finds him becoming more sentimental , perhaps because of his new domesticity , but the film is still consistently entertaining .
What makes it all work is how honest and grounded Spurlock is .
Woefully small-scale , often misguided .
Morgan goes out into the big bad , wide world as the naive and innocent everyman , asking the question of the title , but actually posing more complex issues - which address the human condition .
At its best , Where in the World is Osama Bin Laden ? offers a simplistic look at a complicated problem . At its worst , it provides the same .
A superficial primer for people who are n't likely to go see it in the first place .
Morgan Spurlock has crafted an entertaining , lighthearted look at the middle east .
The film does offer a glimmer of hope that behind all the bellowing by politicians and thugs , there are millions of people in the Middle East who simply yearn for peace .
Spurlock approaches the state of the Middle East -- and therefore our world -- with an asinine every-dude-ness that is n't just simple-minded but wincingly self-absorbed .
Where in the world is Morgan Spurlock 's head ? Occasionally , during this exasperating and goofy documentary , it seems squarely on his shoulders . Most of the time , however , it 's firmly lodged up another part of his anatomy .
A frustratingly soft documentary that would sooner teach the world to sing than get to the bottom of the Bin Laden enigma .
Entertaining documentary that subtly delivers an important message , while making some astute observations about American foreign policy .
Spurlock goes home in time for his son 's birth , but if there 's an end of violence and distrust possible in the Middle East , it is not yet visible .
Spurlock draws some weird paternal parallels , subconscious or not , between Osama as the fugitive founding father of Al Qaeda , and his own possibly wayward , pre-partum depression , stressed situation as an imminently expectant , first time fugitive dad-to-be
So shallow and silly that it makes reading The Nation seem like the deepest kind of bliss .
In his first film since Super Size Me , Spurlock tells you virtually nothing you did n't already know -- and , what 's more , he does it with catchy videogame graphics and faux-naive man-on-the-street interviews that make Michael Moore look like Chet Huntley .
Extremely entertaining .
The physical dimensions of Morgan Spurlock , whose funny , edgy documentary Super Size Me drew an Oscar nomination in 2004 , have returned to normal size . His ego , on the other hand , remains a tad inflated .
It 's a little insulting to all the real reporters who 've died in the field looking for hard information , not weak indie comedy .
Spurlock has some fun with video-game techniques and he 's certainly a likable guy , but this film is just too simplistic and repetitive .
Intermittently funny , fitfully engaging and occasionally enlightening .
Spurlock is good company : a more likable , less abrasive , less manipulative Michael Moore .
An uneven attempt to find Bin Laden AND laughs in a subjectnot exactly suited for jokes .
A Middle East primer for Americans who 've been living in caves like Osama , delightfully juvenile entertainment for everyone else .
It 's an odd mix that feels dumbed-down , but makes its point .
No -LSB- kidding -RSB- , Spurlock .
Not just childish , smug and unfunny but a hideous affront to the 9/11 families , to whom Spurlock owes an abject apology .
Obviously , we would have heard if he 'd found the guy , and obviously , no film was really going to get to that point . So it makes its point a different way and ends up explaining what it 's really about , and that 's fine .
Insofar as Spurlock draws any political conclusions at all , they do n't go much further than the title of the Elvis Costello song that plays under the final credits , -LRB- What 's So Funny ` Bout -RRB- Peace , Love , and Understanding ?
Given the fraught nature of U.S.-Middle East relations and the war on terrorism , Spurlock is understandably in over his head . Still , he is a genial host whose message urges cultural understanding .
The message is wrapped in facile video-game imagery , snarky commentary and simplistic sequences in which Spurlock enjoys the hospitality of Muslim families who decry terrorism and remind him that the Koran preaches hospitality and confidence .
` I need to try to understand what drives an Osama bin Laden , ' filmmaker Morgan Spurlock tells us at the beginning of Where in the World Is Osama bin Laden ? And then , for the film 's entire 90 minutes , he fails to address that issue .
Uh , Pakistan . Roll credits .
-LSB- Spurlock 's -RSB- work here leans closer to Tyra Banks wearing her fat suit than anything directed by Errol Morris or even Michael Moore .
A documentary just as childish as the title suggests .
The director of Super Size Me shows something else -- guts -- in his sober-minded but comical , skeptical but never cynical documentary , Where in the World is Osama Bin Laden ?
He 's a decent fellow on a worthy quest , but despite the willingness to make a fool or , indeed , a target of himself , he never seems truly serious .
While some of the interviews are interesting , and the scenery beautiful , eventually the juvenile jokes overwhelm any real point that Spurlock is trying to make .
Armed with little more than a great title and limitless confidence , documentarian Morgan Spurlock sets off in search of the world 's biggest bad guy . He comes up empty in more ways than one .
Just by asking questions , Spurlock creates the opportunity for dialogue , and the responses are heartening in their diversity .
a film that preaches to the choir . It tries to say too many things at times , but ultimately has a good message .
Spurlock 's deliberately facile method might make his movie palatable to moviegoers resistant to serious documentaries that include actual information .
The aim of Spurlock 's mission is less a matter of actually finding the man than exploring the everyday beliefs and attitudes of Muslims around the globe .
Although Osama wraps up a bit too quickly , and ends a bit too obviously , the thing Spurlock finds is , for the most part , these people resemble us .
At its most illuminating , Morgan Spurlock 's compelling if self-indulgent travelogue investigation Where in the World Is Osama bin Laden ? reminds us that a livelihood is n't just ` America 's No. 1 issue ' as CNN reminds us .
Spurlock clearly had a bug up his you-know-what to out the fast food industry with Super Size Me , but Osama feels far less passionate .
Morgan Spurlock is a jokester politico in the Michael Moore vein , and his latest documentary is a low concept posing as a high concept .
Spurlock and his team of collaborators never find the movie amid all their material . If he 's a questionable journalist and a poor detective , he 's an even more woeful filmmaker .
A come-on in search of a movie , Where in the World is Osama bin Laden ? is a failure even as a celluloid pamphlet .
Kudos to Spurlock for going into enemy territory and coming back with the message that there really is no enemy territory .
A nearly note-perfect anthem for virtually everything about American policy it seeks to critique .
It 's impossible to disagree with much of what he -LSB- Spurlock -RSB- says ... but it 's also impossible to learn anything about war , terrorism , religion , oil , democracy or any of the other topics a less glib , less self-absorbed filmmaker might want to tackle .
Spurlock applies his brand of humorous social activism to the War on Terror , and the results are funny and humanist .
A near-miss , a wasted opportunity to really dig deep into a major section of the world that is usually viewed on purely a surface level .
Remember the wise old saying about the journey being more important than the destination ? Spurlock no doubt prays you do , because from the outset of his search-and-destroy gimmick , the journey is the only authentic part .
You 're being short-changed .
... makes Spurlock look like the Junior Whopper of Michael Moore-style documentarians .
Genial Spurlock is the Ryan Seacrest of reality filmmaking , vamping for the camera while ducking the crossfire .
Spurlock 's second non-fiction effort -LRB- it rankles to label it documentary -RRB- is nothing but a boondoggle throughout the Middle East with high production values and no fresh insight .
It relies too much on Spurlock 's own personality to make simple and fairly obvious points in a manner which never offends , but certainly fails to linger .
I can only hope that when the DVD comes out , it includes some hidden camera footage of Harvey Weinstein 's immediate reaction when he saw the finished film for the first time and discovered exactly what he wound up paying so much money for .
The middle hour is magnificent , as fascinating a portrait of the beleaguered region as you 're likely to see outside the Travel Channel .
It is troubling to watch this uncomfortable balancing act between heartfelt sentiment and a need for entertainment , especially when it just does n't work on either account very well .
It 's impossible to take Morgan Spurlock seriously as a big-screen documentarian . Clearly he comes from the Michael Moore school of `` infotainment , '' only without the sharp wit or , frankly , compelling subject matters .
Documentary humorist Morgan Spurlock explores the lighter side of international terrorism in Where in the World Is Osama bin Laden ?
Where In The World is a conversation-starter for ADD-stricken adolescents who ca n't bear to think about one thing for too long , or too deeply .
It 's all too much to explore with any depth .
Where in the World Is Osama Bin Laden ? is so infantile you expect the answer to be , ` Not at my house ! '
The Osama his film captures is similar to the one foisted upon us by the media : a 2-D villain straight from a kill 'em all video game .
Spurlock spends so much time on himself he forgets to find anything actually worth making a movie about .
And what happened to Morgan Spurlock 's inquisitive nature ?
It wo n't spoil anything to reveal that Spurlock does n't find his man , but his failure to do so -- even though it 's played for laughs -- is a cowardly cop-out that unintentionally mocks the very real dangers of life in the Middle East .
Where in the World Is Osama bin Laden ? jokes about Spurlock capturing the bounty on Osama 's head , or making the world safe for his child-to-be , but it 's really about the narcissistic filmmaker and his enablers the Weinsteins making a few bucks .
Wherever in the world Osama bin Laden might be , there 's very little of him -- or much that 's serious or insightful -- in this movie .
Spurlock gooses things up with every kind of crowd-pleasing trick he can -- songs , animations , videogame representations of him fighting Osama -- and a lot of not-bad jokes .
Eventually , Where in the World ... ? seems to tire of its own shtick -- almost , but not quite , earning real empathy on those grounds alone .
As he jets from place to place , he provides glib , oversimplified tidbits about Mideast history along the way .
As the Iraq War enters its fifth year , the mugging , Borat-baiting approach to Bush-era incompetence has become a less reliable source of hilarity .
A cynic might view Spurlock 's seven-month exploration of civilization 's cradle as a form of conjugal competition .
Sadly , the subject matter might not make this the kind of movie that anyone would rush out to see , but it 's a successful effort at informing while entertaining .
The trademark in Spurlock 's method is humor . He establishes this early through an animated prologue that describes his impending fatherhood and then morphs into a video-game style that pits him against the evil image of Osama Bin Laden .
The film is a hodgepodge , and it closes with a whimper . But along the way some lucid voices slip through .
Spurlock gives currency to the stereotype of the self-absorbed , globetrotting Ugly American .
Whatever you think of Morgan Spurlock 's incisiveness when it comes to issues , there 's no denying that the man has style .
a lot of fun to watch , but I seriously doubt if anybody is going to leave the theater having learned anything about the Middle East that they did n't already know .
A solid sophomore effort , and proof enough that Spurlock is not just a one-hit wonder .
... While Spurlock may not actually answer the question of where , he actually tackles , with humor , probing wit and a certain grace , the much more important question of why .
A supersized problem gets the superficial treatment .
With about as much documentary credibility as Borat , Where in the World Is Osama bin Laden ? combines low comedy , high production values and the Middle East for what will surely be a hit , even as it delivers nothing new .
After sitting down with lots of friendly people everywhere he goes , and a few nasty extremists , Spurlock is optimistic . He finds friendship and some real laughs , but the mastermind of the 9/11 attacks eludes him .
Dependent on a gimmick which is feels like a death sentence Spurlock spends the entire movie trying to dodge .








@highlight

Morgan Sprulock 's doc offers occasional insights but gets bogged down by the director/subject 's gimmicky schtick .