Low on drama , but funny , with interesting characters , good performances and is uplifting without being too sweet .
It 's just too bad that the pious treatment given the deserving Pimentel never translated into a more engaging film .
With period songs galore to tell you exactly what 's going on inside protagonist Richard Pimentel -LRB- Ron Livingston -RRB- , you hardly need plot or dialogue .
The real world needs more dogged folks willing to tilt at windmills . But movies often do n't do their stories justice , and that has happened again here .
Pimentel 's persistence and eventual triumph over prejudice and discrimination is a story worth telling , if only on a shoestring .
It gives me no pleasure to report that the -LSB- Richard -RSB- Pimentel biopic Music Within plays like a well-intentioned TV movie .
Salawich 's film is entertaining and leaves you with warm feelings from learning about this man who turned adversity into good for so many others .
If you 're looking for one-dimensional , uplifting pap , Music Within fits the bill . It 's watchable . Pimentel is obviously a really interesting guy , and it 's a shame his tale was n't told with a bit more flair .
... an agreeable though entirely uneven piece of work ...
When the subject is not well-known , and the film about his life is unremarkable , the whole thing starts to feel like an exercise in futility .
Both Pimental and the audience would have been better served if his life were told as a PBS documentary .
This offbeat biopic is driven by Ron Livingston 's engaging performance as Richard Pimentel , a gifted public speaker who lost his hearing in the Vietnam war and then spearheaded the disability rights movement in the U.S. .
The low-budget Music Within may not entirely work on the outside , but at its core beats a very funny , very smart and very moving heart of gold .
This is a nice little well-meaning idea for a movie , but even with three writers on the payroll , it never really catches fire .
I wanted to like this film
This is a heroic tale in many respects , but it 's handled here with the heavy hand of television-quality hagiography .
It hits some of the right notes , but at the wrong time and the overall effect is a song out of tune .
Second-time director Steven Sawalich 's `` music '' presumably still resides inside him because it does n't resound in his Music Within message movie .
Leaves no cliche unturned and has no point of view .
All inspiring stuff , but Music Within is strictly by the numbers , even down to the predictable mood-setting period soundtrack numbers
Music Within never establishes a consistent tone , going from achingly sincere to borderline farcical , often in the same scene .
A fascinating story of compassion , grit and determination .
-LSB- The filmmakers -RSB- make the common error of attempting to cover every seemingly significant moment in the man 's life rather than focusing on the greatest conflicts .
Story of disabled rights activist Richard Pimentel is too much about Pimentel , too little about what he accomplished .
What bothers me is that Music Within takes an individual story , an inspiring one , yes , and then thinks that 's all there is to be told .
It 's everything it ought to be : right-minded , well-intentioned , compassionate . But it does n't rise above made-for-cable public service announcement , either .
Sheen is absolutely remarkable , and you hope the film gets enough attention to render him a much-deserved Oscar nomination .
It would be nice if such an important issue got a better screen treatment , but hey , it 's better than Blood Diamond . At least it 's not wasting vast resources trying to show how important it is .
Its near impossible to even faint praise a film for having its heart in the right place when it opens with a whimsical montage about miscarriages .
Unfortunately , the cast and crew of Music Within do n't get much of their own music out here -- at best , they hum a few bars of an off-key tune .
Steven Sawalich 's directorial debut , Music Within , works marginally well when it stays small . Unfortunately , the life story of disabled-rights activist Richard Pimentel begs for a larger-than-life treatment .
Music Within , which tries to use a lighthearted tone and ironic narration to belie its deeper implications , never gives Livingston strong enough material to make more affecting use of his presence .
A well-intentioned biopic about disability crusader Richard Pimentel that starts strong but eventually collapses under its weighty sense of responsibility .
There may be an interesting movie in all of this , but too much is filtered through the hero 's voice-over narration , always a recipe for squashing the life out of a film .
We 're all better off thanks to the ADA , and Music Within is a welcome addition as well .
Sheen , like the movie itself , is trying too hard to inspire when the story does n't need the help .
Music Within convincingly delivers the message that disabilities are everyone 's concern .
Like a quirky poor man 's version of The World According to Garp or Forrest Gump , it 's hard to believe that it 's actually based on the true story of a real person .
Sawalich 's TV movie-grade direction is n't up to the task of enlivening material that eventually settles into a predictable , torpid narrative structure .




@highlight

Music Within is a well-intentioned but pedestrian production of a story that deserves better treatment .