Urban ills are pretty much the same worldwide . But it 's the very Frenchness of the film that makes it amusant . Unlike a typical American actioner , the villain is not a megalomaniacal genius , nor a corporate overlord ; it 's the civil servants ...
The straight-faced outrageousness is part of the film 's charm , while the stripped down aesthetic , driving pace , and impressive action sequences are the film 's charge .
When Belle is in motion , the movie excels .
This action film from Luc Besson 's B-movie factory is one of his best .
Comes off more like a theme park show than an actual film , it 's there to deliver stunts and never an actual story .
the most memorable parts of District 13 actually precede the unfolding of its main plot , which , much like the thermonuclear device on which it is premised , is never allowed to fulfill its explosive promise .
Both smart and direct , District B13 is the kind of lean , mean action film most of America 's working directors only wish they could pull off .
A message-based actioner that 's fast , dumb fun .
I was delighted by the balletic and acrobatic stunts , some of which evoke Tarzan .
Nifty action flick influenced by Hong Kong cinema that includes a critique of French racism against immigrant community .
O roteiro quase inexistente é uma mera desculpa para que o filme apresente ao espectador diversas seqüências de ação absolutamente sensacionais criadas a partir do parkour .
There 's something refreshing about an action film that actually gives a damn about more than explosions .
Genre fans will get a kick from the martial-arts action , and that 's all District B13 needs to do .
In his feature directing debut , cinematographer Pierre Morel has delivered an adrenaline-packed picture that sold its brains to the devil in exchange for spectacular fight and chase scenes .
District B13 is an apocalyptic action message movie with a distinct French flare .
The highly stylized result feels barren of both texture and imagination .
For a film that 's so light on its feet , `` B13 '' seems rooted in what 's really happening on the ground .
District 13 features several plot twists that can only be described as silly , but it 's still a hugely entertaining film . Turn off your brain and enjoy .
If there 's a sequel ... I 'm there !
A 90-minute feature simply showing -LSB- David -RSB- Belle 's stunts with no frills would be great ; unfortunately , they only account for about 10 minutes - the rest of the time , Belle is called upon to act .
The cast hurls itself into the comic-book violence , while the stunt choreography and razor-sharp editing are exhilarating .
There are plenty of impressive gunfights and some wicked martial arts sequences here , but the film is most likely to be remembered for its emphasis on free running , a dizzying physical technique in which the cast sprint , leap and roll through the city .
As 85-minute testosterone binges go , you could do a whole lot worse .
Instantly forgettable , but hugely entertaining for 85 minutes .
From top to bottom , District B13 is a beautifully styled film that delivers a surge of adrenaline at the start and then coasts gently for 90 minutes . There are worse ways to kill an afternoon .
It 's not exactly brain fodder . But it is fun .
An unlikely but effective cross between John Carpenter 's Escape from L.A. and La Haine .
The hyperkinetic melodrama only matters as an excuse to watch Raffaelli and Belle , and assorted bad guys , display some of the most adrenaline-pumping movement you 'll see this season .
If you can ignore the plot holes and the usual Besson misogyny , the action is a real kick .
Like a fortune cookie , District B13 has a social message tucked inside . But lovers of violence-drenched action and action-drenched violence wo n't mind having their consciences tweaked while their mouths drop open .
District is too fixated on earnest lessons against right-wing measures to ghettoize crime-ridden districts -- a message pertinent to modern-day Paris but which rings a tad hollow in a film that gleefully serves up gangland shootouts .
Forget about MI-3 or X-Men 3 or any other film franchises . If you only see one film this summer , you need to get out more , but District B13 is the flick you better not miss .
The typically moronic plot simply gets in the way of what might have been a super-ambitious sneaker commercial .
Numbness starts to set in . Frenetic action wrapped around a razor wire-thin script will do that to you .
What District B13 lacks in story development it compensates for with stunningly realistic action .
District B13 does n't waste time with fake personality clashes . Both lead actors are amazingly fluid athletes , and during the many getaway and shoot - 'em - up sequences , there is a minimum of special effects or wire choreography .
The purest adrenaline rush of the summer .
Real-life events have overtaken District B13 , and they give this feverish , yet oddly flat French action adventure a whiff of substance to go along with its spectacular stunts .
By the time the heroes start breaking necks at breakneck speed , Morel has employed so many ` cool ' digital editing tricks and effects that we no longer trust our eyes . We ca n't be sure of the integrity of the stars ' athleticism ...
... this film starts at roadrunner speed and rarely slows down ...
Morel lathers up a thunderous tornado of exhilarating destruction . There 's hardly a moment to pause for breath , blink or wipe the sweat off your brow .
It just goes to show you that , mais oui , the French can kick it with the Asians and Americans when it comes to junky kung fu flicks .
The sheer ridiculousness of the story is part of the fun of this French import , which was produced by Luc Besson and stars two stuntmen turned ... um ... stuntmen with dialogue .
Whew ! I ca n't remember the last time I got such an adrenaline rush watching a movie .
The year 's best martial-arts action .
A snazzy , sensational action ride from big-bang guru Luc Besson .
The plot is only serviceable , but it perfectly serves its main function ... an excuse to string together a series of ultracool fight and chase sequences .
Okay . This is a really stupid film , but who the heck cares ? It 's Chopsocky !
... the kind of movie I generally despise ... -LRB- b -RRB- ut when the end arrived , I discovered that I had been thoroughly entertained .
District 13 proves that Hollywood does n't have the final word in the big , brainless actioner stakes , and at least it does it with a lot of style and some very cool fights .
As a brief introduction to Belle and his amazing gifts , District B 13 is a treat . But as a movie its feet are dully planted on the ground .
The problem with front loading a film with such spectacular stunts is director Pierre Morel has nowhere to go .
As impressive as the opening scenes are , the last act sees District 13 descend into a preachiness that would embarrass the cheesiest Hollywood producer .
District B-13 is bad sci-fi , but it succeeds as mindless action .
The creator of films such as The Transporter , The Fifth Element and La Femme Nikita can be counted on for movies that are big , stupid and often just skillfully demented enough to be fun . District B13 obliges on all accounts .
Who has n't wanted to leap down a stairwell , bounce from rooftop to rooftop , do a backflip over a bad guy , give him a few chop socky blows and then take away his gun ?
When a film is this entertaining , it does n't have to be all that original .
A French import that dishes out comic-book complexity with the simple purity of a kick to the gut .
Terse , taut and willing to pack on some philosophical weight , District B13 wastes no time in shouting ` Action ! '
A rip-roaring French-language thrill-ride that plays like a Parisian Escape From New York crossed with a Jackie Chan policier .
Like its stunt work , the movie is both ridiculously hyperactive and a muscular feat of absolute confidence . I do n't expect to have a more adrenalizing time at the movies this summer .
District B13 is as slickly edited , filmed and choreographed as it is empty of compelling characters or the meaningful ideas -LRB- institutional racism , the bleak future -RRB- it professes to be about . Ultimately , it walls itself in .
The French-made , futuristic adrenaline-pumper District 13 does n't really grab you by the short hairs until it shows you why David Belle is the movie 's star .
District B13 is so busy kicking glass -LRB- that 's a euphemism -RRB- that you want fragments to keep on flying .
It 's a high-voltage kick that 's never lets up , energized by sheer bravura stunt work .
Great fights , great chases , hot kick - *** hero dudes , ruthlessly evil bad guys , some laughs , and a story that actually would be interesting even without all the above .
Note to moviegoers : If you can still be entertained by a thriller that unabashedly borrows from others of its ilk and do n't mind reading subtitles , you could do worse than District B13 .
District B13 is one of those films where you appreciate the artistry of violence , then forget about it as soon as you get into the car and head home .
Right from the opening credit sequence , District B13 makes it loud and clear that you 're going to like this movie .
The film maintains a healthy tension , as Damien believes in `` the law '' and Leïto is never convinced of its efficacy or good intentions .
District B13 is a fine , snappy little picture that 's one-part Escape From New York , one-part martial-arts flick , and mostly silly fun .
District B13 looks great , but do n't let those subtitles fool you . At heart , it 's every bit as proudly dumb as its American counterparts .
A scrappy action flick that shifts into high gear immediately and never slows down , this rousing French import aspires to no higher goal than flashy entertainment . In that regard , it succeeds entirely .
It all plays out like a Jackie Chan cop comedy , crossed with 1,000 French comic books and minus the humor .
Mix in a whole lot of automatic gunfire , an overblown crime plot , a heavy dose of industrial-strength techno and a dystopian view of French social policy . Stir . Enjoy .
District B13 speaks the international language of brilliantly choreographed mayhem ... and could be the action movie to beat this year ; we 'll see if any other director comes close to equaling its delirious rush . The picture is 85 minutes long and
This is a film that will keep you on the edge of your seat . From the opening sequence until the very last frame , there is non-stop action .
It is more entertaining than any of the ` Spider-Man ' flicks , makes the X-Men series boring , by comparison , and is more credible than any of the fantasy-driven offerings from the Far East .
The story 's a bit overdramatic .
A ridiculously entertaining action flick that 's loaded with style , wit and jaw-dropping feats of physical prowess .
The single best action movie of 2006 .
Even the snobbiest cineaste will most likely wipe away the drool after seeing Belle , whose athletic ability suggests Jackie Chan after being bitten by an irradiated spider .
proudly states its vanity and hollow entertainment value
... lean , clean , adrenaline - and indignation-fueled B movie with a social commentary that is too blatant to be called subtext .
District B-13 is , in a word , a hoot .
A die-hard , kinetically charged action film with the kind of shocks and starts that feel truly earned : for once , here 's something you might not have seen before , and with no strings attached .
Delivers a cogent , well-told story , with a bit of social significance underpinning , plus a series of sequences that should satisfy the action fans .
Gorgeously choreographed gymnastics of pain elevate District B13 over the impossible missions and last stands of the season .
District B13 may have nothing new to say but , boy , does it say it fast .
Luc Besson may have brought us Jean Reno 's hauntingly conflicted Professional , and Anne Parillaud 's downtrodden yet deadly Nikita . But he did n't try very hard when coming up with District B13 .
At under 90 minutes , it leaves you breathless and ready for more . Even better , it leaves you - assuming you really like action - smiling a happy little 12-year-old 's smile .
The action is so relentless that even hard-core martial-arts fans might need to pause for breath . And much of it is so repetitive that the film occasionally plays like a rerun of itself .
The latest attack of excess from French action impresario Luc Besson .
District B-13 is a hoot , so assured of its own coolness that it 's hard not to go along .
It may be subtitled , and the faces may be unfamiliar , but District B13 is the best buddy action movie around .
The movie does n't make a lick of sense , but it 's done with such zest and skill -- and such incredible stunt work and action choreography by co-stars Cyril Raffaelli and David Belle -- that the absurdities do n't sabotage it .
B13 is watchable and , sometimes , quite invigorating . But only when it 's getting its adrenaline rush from its stampeding macho duo .
A Grand Theft Auto world of muscled goons who drive flashy cars and fire an insurgency 's worth of ammo as a neutron holocaust nears . Then we 're told : ` Violence is n't the only way to solve problems . '
Go for the dazzling , if repetitive , human stunt work . Endure the appallingly simplistic politics .
While women may certainly apply , it 's primarily the guys who will find District B13 irresistible .
What makes it unique are the truly amazing and kinetic action scenes featuring Parkour pioneer Belle and co-star Cyril Raffaelli .
A passable mismatched-buddy movie , goosed up by hard-hitting martial arts and flashy camera acrobatics .
starts at a fever pitch of rushing adrenalin and from there goes into the action stratosphere with some of the most inventive and just plain fun moves yet seen on the silver screen
Let 's put the matter simply : The French thriller District B13 makes everything Hollywood has lately done in the action genre look clumsy , dull and stale .
The big innovation here is that the two nimble leads , stuntmen-turned-stars , are devotees of parkour , a fancy French word for the fluid use of urban environments as jungle gyms .
Nothing more than high-octane junk but turns out to be junk that 's literally light on its feet and exuberantly silly ... enjoyable , adrenalin-pumping nonsense .
Almost nonstop action but seems like violence for its own sake .
The well-executed action scenes will be more than enough to sate even the most finicky of action fans .
Spread the word : This delirious import is the most -LRB- maybe the only -RRB- fun action movie of the summer .
Besson 's script may be formulaic crap , but he obviously still has an eye for fresh action talent , and an instinct for how to show it off .
Leito-Damien attempt to refurbish the veracity of the French motto `` Liberty , Equality , Fraternity '' in the same way Morel-Besson try to restore the integrity of the action film .
Whether the flick is focusing on its numerous action scenes or its breathless bouts of plot exposition , District 13 speeds by like an absolute blur .
The energy of the film is breathtaking , and the sheer momentum of the direction and talent make up for any artistic drought .
... larger-than-life ...
One of the best adrenaline rushes since we saw Lola running for 90 minutes .


@highlight

A nonstop thrill ride , District B13 's dizzying action sequences more than make up for any expository flaws .