Frances McDormand , as the lone female union rep , and Richard Jenkins , as Josie 's angry miner dad , cut through the predictability .
Yet Theron 's steady performance allows you to see something in Josey that baulks at her victim status .
North Country gives superb dramatic life to a fictionalized version of the first class-action sexual harassment lawsuit in the U.S.
issue movie that blatantly examines power and sexual harassment in the workplace
North Country is the unfortunately overly-dramatized Hollywood version of a story that has a chance at being truly important and even uplifting , but thanks to extreme heavy-handedness , ends up being mostly shrill instead .
So `` inspirational '' it should mate with Cinderella Man and give birth to a litter of baby Oscars
The road to cinematic hell is paved with this sort of banal effort borne of bland good expectations .
Would have you believe it 's no more complex than a playground quarrel between boys , girls , and cooties .
While the performances are flawless , Michael Seitzman 's screenplay is embarrassingly sophomoric , so much so that the film 's denouement completely obliterates its feminist message .
Works as both deep focus on a critical historical moment , and a more intimate and sorrowful tale about growing up female in America .
Though tough and heavy-handed at times , North Country is engaging -- not one of those films about an important subject matter that you feel you should watch .
... there 's little doubt that the movie would not come off even remotely as well as it ultimately does were it not for the effectiveness of the cast .
Os realizadores de Terra Fria se revelam bem mais repugnantes e perigosos do que os mineiros retratados em seu filme supostamente liberal .
The narrative may not be exact in its details ... , but it is undoubtedly true to the spirit of the real events .
Enjoyable drama that 's impressively shot and features a strong cast but is ultimately hampered by a fatal weakness for courtroom clichés .
The similarities to Erin Brockovich are obvious , yet North Country plays like a glossy soap opera , despite strong performances from a superb cast .
With `` North Country , '' Theron and Caro strongly suggest that `` Monster '' and `` Whale Rider '' were n't one-offs .
Elegantly filmed and intelligently written .
Despite Charlize Theron 's efforts to play more than a saintly martyr , the film 's director Niki Caro continually overstates the case .
So melodramatically one-sided and shamelessly in search of Oscar nominations that it accomplishes the colossal rarity of insulting both genders equally .
Victorian melodrama in feminist workduds .
The one-sided , formulaic storyline and laughable courtroom histrionics are eclipsed by peripheral material involving Theron 's brooding teenage son and penitent father .
North Country centers on Theron 's work , and she is truly wonderful start to finish .
Theron anchors the film with a complex performance that balances Josey 's strength and vulnerability , and successfully portrays her as a reluctant working-class hero .
-LSB- Theron -RSB- is the wounded heart of the film and helps carry some of the less successful material of the film on her shoulders .
Even if you side with Caro 's humane message , you 'd be within your rights to object to her methods ... You can almost hear Helen Reddy singing `` I am Woman '' in the background .
Sometimes a story is so timeless that it deserves to be told again . Such a story is `` North Country , '' a fictionalized account of events in the 1980s at a mine in the Midwest .
Instead of articulating injustice or honestly portraying the legal system , North Country seems content with exploiting humiliation for effect .
Theron digs into the character , unafraid to make her blemishes every bit as apparent as her virtues . It 's as good a performance as a person has given all year , ample proof the stunningly beautiful South African 's Academy Award was n't a fluke .
For all its issue-related fist pumping , the movie is suffused with the tender and heartwarming story of a man coming to terms with the love for his only daughter .
North Country wins its case with powerful moments and exceptional performances .
Could become the classic text for a filmmaking class called ` Crafting the Message Picture 101 . '
Hits like an emotional sledgehammer .
Caro sneakily joins the ranks of Academy-prestige with a politically-grounded horror film .
The performances enhance -LRB- Niki -RRB- Caro 's David-versus-Goliath material .
... my feminist soul is taking a beating since - damn it - it did n't work as a movie .
` North Country ' could be used in a sensitivity training course .
It weakens the film 's case to have the villains portrayed so one-dimensionally ... .
In spite of Theron 's excellent , impassioned performance , `` North Country '' nevertheless tends to go south .
while its message is undeniably important , it 's also so obvious that the film does n't have any real resonance .
You can not help being stirred by the reach and depth , the constant rebuffs to sloppiness , of a strong ensemble .
Contrived fantasy . Only in Hollywood could Harrelson get Theron 's nemesis to recant his inadmissably irrelevant tale on the stand with such meager questioning .
The film , revisiting social injustice , is not unpredictable . But , it is a worthy effort in its updated revival of `` Norma Rae . ''
... feels simplistically manufactured and manipulative ... Caro is never able to elevate North Country beyond the pedestrian confines of a melancholy Lifetime TV movie
North Country works as a portrayal of social injustice , yet it also works as a compelling character portrait . One of the best and most powerful pictures of the year .
... before anybody goes off on Theron uglifying herself again to win an Oscar , it should be pointed out that the rural trash look is not necessary unattractive to many of us .
As much as the movie means well , it does n't trust viewers to keep up .
Theron 's acting goes beyond cosmetics as she once again gets into the head of the unchaste heroine she portrays and gives a winning performance .
A realistic , emotionally resonant film made for grown-up audiences in a time when most theatrical releases are aimed at the teen demographic .
North Country is more than an award trolling piece - it 's a heartfelt gem steered by Threon and McDormand that takes sevral true tales to create a helluav drama !
-LRB- Charlize -RRB- Theron 's Josey does n't quite have the dramatic starch of Aileen , the man-hating hooker of Monster . It has more nuance , though .
North Country has a ton of powerful moments , so it is an odd choice that it falls back on the ` based in fact ' element .
Some of the dramatics are almost overkill , but it will stir you up and you ca n't deny the powerful performances of Charlize Theron and Richard Jenkins .
Though the dirt and grime in North Country are artfully applied , it 's purely cosmetic and skin-deep .
.
North Country does a good job in ratcheting up the tension and unfairness until the audience is brought to the breaking point .
Studded with wasted performances , what should have been an important addition to popular films about women 's rights winds up being the most insulting courtroom drama since Ally McBeal was put out of its misery .
If there was ever any thought that perhaps Whale Rider was a fluke , North Country should erase all doubt .
Director Niki Caro -LRB- Whale Rider -RRB- - - can make an intelligent , involving movie about sexism in the workplace without it feeling merely like a screeching , heavy-handed polemic .
North Country delivers an emotional wallop and a couple of performances worthy of recognition come award time .
Caro is both subtle and a deck-stacker .
Rewarding and sensitively rendered , the studio-produced North Country might revive a worthy subgenre last visited , in tarted-up fashion , by Erin Brockovich .
North Country , a potent -LRB- if didactic -RRB- drama , loosely based on a landmark court case involving workplace sexual harassment .
North Country ca n't help but be compared to such other women-against-the-system movies as Norma Rae , Silkwood , and Erin Brockovich , though it easily holds its own with all three .
She 's -LSB- Caro -RSB- got a good story to tell -LRB- based , loosely , on a real-life case -RRB- , and a marvelous cast to help her tell it .
What gives North Country urgency is that it 's about how a man comes to understand that it 's bad for him and for his community to deny his daughter privileges and prerogatives he 'd grant his son .
North Country is crisp , efficient , often familiar in form , but exceptional in some ways . It 's effective , for instance , in exploring how different women behave differently in the face of abuse .
Director Niki Caro was a critical darling for her first feature , Whale Rider , and her Hollywood debut confirms a legitimate talent .
Niki Caro , director of Whale Rider , has made a classic underdog-vs . - the-system story , rendered in the harsh blue-grays of a Minnesota winter .
Theron 's truly raw and impassioned performance as Josey - - ca n't save the film from its own gradually slowing pace and seriously compromised third act .
In the end , the no-nonsense direction by Caro -LRB- the New Zealander who directed Whale Rider -RRB- , the terrific actors and the pitiless visuals by the great Menges more than carry the day .
It 's a memorable and touching portrayal of a certain kind of woman who is vital and determined instead of neurotic and victimized .
North Country may be a simplistic account of a hard-won battle , but it will have audiences cheering .
An earnest yet powerful cautionary tale of scarred and strip-mined lives , and how they are restored .
Despite its serious subject matter , North Country is a crowd-pleaser at heart .
Director Niki Caro Whale Rider and screenwriter Michael Seitzman have crafted an old-fashioned story about sexual harassment that delivers the obvious message ... without a shred of nuance or subtlety .
Holding it all together is director Caro , who seems to have a knack for immersing herself in different cultures and finding the pressure points that release a story 's power .
It 's an interesting story , no question , but it 's good where it could have been great .
There 's nothing cool or dispassionate anywhere in this film . It radiates waves of heat .
For all North Country 's blockbuster elements , the film remains a curiously uninvolving affair .
In overdoing the theatrics and hammering the clichés North Country does artistic injustice to its own important argument .
North Country is in the tradition of workers-rights films like Norma Rae and Silkwood in that it sends its message through a convincing character whose temerity and courage are accompanied by less heroic baggage .
It 's disappointing to see a movie start off as subtly and restrained as North Country only to get progressively more heavy-handed in its second hour .
If you can take North Country as a movie , not a news report , you 'll find a moving work that explores sexual harassment with unusual candor .
North Country is a relentlessly discomforting movie . Nowhere does it let you settle into the lush cushions of a typical Hollywood entertainment
North Country is one of those movies that stir you up and make you mad , because it dramatizes practices you 've heard about but never really visualized .
Minimizes the scope of -LSB- the real plaintiff 's -RSB- legal battles by placing them in a neatly tied package that resolves the way most courtroom dramas do .
North Country is without question a riveting and powerful film .
If you want to see good performances and cinematography wasted in a mediocre movie , that would be North Country .
In retrospect , the movie seems weaker than it did in the theater .
It infuriated me . It broke my heart . It convinced me that Caro , who 's from New Zealand , is a strong , clear-voiced filmmaker , who can bend courtroom cliches to her will .
A strong film with much to recommend it , even if we 've seen the same movie before
A solid film that 's worth seeing in the theater , but the Oscar buzz is questionable .
Properly spare and earnest , which prevents it from becoming obnoxious Oscar bait .
Skillful filmmaking standing on a soapbox and pandering to the broadest audience possible .
Leave it to Theron and her impassioned , earthy performance to single-handedly carry the film from the realm of Lifetime network social propaganda to earnest drama .
... Full of dynamic performances .
Feature films about sexual harassment are hardly a dime a dozen , so Niki Caro 's North Country-gawky though it may be at times-comes as welcome .
Sexual harassment is generally a complex topic -LRB- see David Mamet 's ` Oleanna ' -RRB- , yet ` North Country ' presents much of its material in cut-and-dried , black-and-white simplicity .
North veers south with movie clichés during the courtroom climax , but otherwise it mines terrific dramatic territory in its quieter relationship scenes .
North Country shows us that it 's never easy , but that one person really can make a difference .
Watchable and engrossing , even when it does exactly what you expect it to do .
North Country is about as subtle as a sledgehammer . It has a MESSAGE ! And that message is simply this : men are pigs .
Niki Caro is one of the brightest and best directors working .
North Country has a sensational story , it 's just a crime the filmmakers elected to write the script with crayons .
A good-for-you movie that 's going through the motions .
There are stretches where it builds nicely , but eventually it comes as close as any movie ever has to simply exploding right there on the screen .
Depicted with minimal cliché-rattling , Niki Caro 's North Country is one-sided enough to make Clarence Thomas stand up and shout - ` Now THAT is some sexual harassment . '
North Country is one of those movies that has Oscar-bait written all over it , and it 's worthy of the praise .
paints some of the most shocking and loathsome landscapes of sexual harassment conceivable
Theron has once again deglamorized herself for a meaty dramatic role , and she gives a persuasive performance that surely will not be overlooked during the coming award season .
At its best , North Country conveys what it 's like to be a small-town social pariah and to fear for yourself in the workplace .
Often plays like a widescreen made-for-television movie , albeit a good one .
Studio filmmaking can make an event as fantastical as an alien invasion look like reality , and it can make something that actually took place feel as fake as crocodile tears . Which is what happens with North Country .
Charlize Theron gives an intelligent and honest performance as a woman miner in the emotionally powerful North Country .
Director Niki Caro , whose Whale Rider demonstrated a gift for capturing the essence of a unique place , does it again with North Country .
North Country is powerful and then some .
North Country is a `` message movie '' with a target so big that it 's impossible to miss , which is part of the trouble .
Quick , someone feed this movie some A.D.D. medication .
A wobbly fiction about a real pioneering sex-discrimination case , North Country is an unabashed vehicle for its modestly de-glammed star , Charlize Theron .
Director Niki Caro deftly intercuts Josey 's story with the Anita Hill-Clarence Thomas hearings , a smart , subtle move to tie in the things all women have had to go through .
Overall North Country is too self-consciously scaled as an anthem for the human spirit . We can spot where this movie is headed right from the beginning .
Instead of sticking to the undeniably moving facts , this movie veers off into distracting and soapy subplots .
People in the film biz have been calling this one Erin Brockovich Goes to Fargo all along , but that is n't quite fair . It 's Norma Rae Goes to Fargo .
Even when the film borders on melodrama in its final courtroom confrontations , Ms. Caro navigates the camera with skill .
While the film showcases moments of enormous power , there is something missing ; perhaps it 's subtlety , or perhaps it 's the emotional connection the movie so desperately wants to make , but in the end , ca n't quite achieve .
While Caro has a graceful touch and North Country never really missteps , neither does it try anything new or entertaining .
I 'm even willing to forgive this rousing drama its coy , flirty ending , if only because its heroine has the grace not to drive her pickup truck off a cliff .
This is nuance-free moviemaking , a drama about mine-workers with barely a glimpse of what the work entails .
Caro knows how to push viewers ' buttons , and she does so every chance she gets . The weather in the movie might be chilly , but she makes sure our blood is boiling .
North Country is the most riled-up movie of the year .
... succumbs to a number of Oscar Moments -- you know , the sort of grandstanding scenes that ... play beautifully as clips at an awards show .
Calls on men to stand up with women against attitudes they 've allowed for too long ... a well-crafted , often powerful film that usually refuses to follow Hollywood 's script .
Presents to you a beautifully-painted , one-dimensional piñata it knocks around for a couple of high-falutin ' hours until you 're showered in a welter of righteous candy .
How do you handle a movie that 's suppose to be realistic , but resorts to such hoary and oft-parodied devices as the Slow Clap and the `` I 'm Spartacus '' Group Solidarity Stand ?
Despite its flaws , ` North Country ' delivers a story worth hearing , a documentation of profound unfairness and the need to challenge abusive behaviors .
Makes Norma Rae 's travails look like a walk in the park .
North Country packs a solid familiar punch .
Too long , and too heavy-handed .
Despite its good intentions and some very strong acting , ` North Country ' proves a frustratingly unsatisfying destination .
An emotionally-charged drama that showcases another top-notch performance from Theron
There 's no polite way to say it : North Country goes bonkers -- inadvertently trivializing its own admirable agenda .
Single-mindedly and calculatedly devoted to conveying a relentless feeling of sexual terror , Caro 's crusade of righteous indignation misrepresents the hostility of the world .
Given the battle 's enormous toll on the women 's physical and psychological health , it 's a perplexing irony that the movie ` inspired by ' the case suffers such a bizarre failure of nerve .
North Country does what it sets out to do : inspire and uplift .
A really good soap opera . ... The ending is both predicable and satisfying . Expect many audiences to cheer .
Amazingly powerful .
Proving her remarkable versatility , it 's no light compliment to say Theron 's performance surpasses her Oscar-winning `` Monster . ''
There is not a scene where the words `` submitted for your consideration '' do n't seem to be scrolling across the action in a bid to soften up Academy voters
Even with some quibbles , North Country is a relevant and important account of a landmark class action suit that changed the face of the country 's workforce .
A compelling drama set in a 1989 Minnesota mining community where the misogyny and chauvinism in the workplace will make your blood boil .
Charlize Theron gives an excellently modulated performance as Josey Aimes .
Intriguing -LRB- true -RRB- story of a female iron miner who sues the company for ignoring sexual harassment .
An unusually taut film about misogyny that , for the most part , escapes the clichés that often bog down the battle of the sexes .
Essentially a shrewdly crafted soap opera .
Too bad Theron won an Oscar for a weak film like Monster , in which she was splashy , as her part in North Country is far more impressive and deserving of Oscar
If the whole of North Country had maintained the tensions and angst that were so well built up in part one , it could have been a pretty remarkable work .
Occasionally inspired but much more often didactic .
An emotionally potent story told with great dignity .
makes a convincing case for sexual harassment laws and the power of a united front , but its structure front-loads the evidence in flashforwards , weakening its climax
The film is at its best when putting viewers in the position of feeling the smart of the abuse as the women do -- moreover , its persistent and accumulative effect .












@highlight

Though sometimes melodramatic and formulaic , North Country is nonetheless a rousing , powerful story of courage and humanity .