Mostly a little shrewder about stereotypes than your typical slacker comedy , deriving its edge from Yu and Tsai 's mining of the cultural specificity of Asian-America for laughs
One way to break down cultural walls is assimilation , and that 's where Ping Pong Playa has its dubious triumph : it 's just about as generic as the next ` loser makes good by coaching kids ' comedy ... -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB-
An endless stream of near-misses .
Ace documentarian Jessica Yu 's fictional feature debut ... is mostly funny and often cute , but it suffers a bit in comparison to the very similar Foot Fist Way ...
Overall the movie was enjoyable but not amazing .
Gently pokes fun at model minority and athletic stereotypes , but gets repetitive and wears thin before the engaging plot finally kicks into gear .
Charming despite requisite training sequences and a cartoonishly evil opponent .
If you go into Ping Pong Playa ' expecting a light , predictable comedy , it would be hard to come out unsatisfied .
Ping Pong Playa falters on formula only occasionally , but otherwise remains a consistently agreeable romp that strikes just the right chord of ironic sentimentally .
There is nothing charming about this man , nothing that makes him loveable , and if he was even slightly worthy of my sympathies and my understanding I certainly did n't see it watching this .
Asian-American cinema breaks out of its identity crisis with a comedy that is competitive with the American standard while addressing social and cultural issues particular to minority audiences .
There 's no resisting the movie 's antic affability or its irreverence , even with Chris 's unavoidable progression toward the mature appreciation of his roots .
The movie does n't take its broad , jokey premise terribly far , but it manages to sustain a goofy-sweet comic energy and offers sly observations about assimilation , sibling rivalry and the art of competitive maternal bragging .
A decidedly lightweight amusement , the first comedy from documentary filmmaker Jessica Yu is the sort of movie that works best if you keep your expectations low .
A mostly amusing , appealing family comedy about going from pretender to contender , in life as well as pingpong .
The result is has a certain silly , kid-friendly charm , and Yu astutely chose to clean up C-Dog 's profane language by ` bleeping ' the harsher bits with the sound of a bouncing basketball .
Interest in Playa lies in the fact that director Jessica Yu is a documentarian with a daring taste in subjects . Yet in her first non-doc feature , she plays it safe ; even the championship showdown feels polite .
Very broad humor and sloppy storytelling pave the way to a requisite Rocky ending .
There 's a deeper , touching acknowledgment of braggadocio as persona , how the commodified dissent of hip-hop lends itself to masking insecurities .
Bright and hilarious , Ping Pong Playa is a so-silly-it 's - smart comedy starring Jimmy Tsai , whose uproarious cinematic id , C-dub , is a character I would be happy to watch for many sequels to come .
A fleet-footed , featherweight comedy riddled with cliches , but nonetheless charming and winning .
A transparent romance/sports flick whose predictability is easily trumped by the refreshingly appealing parade of well-developed , Asian-American characters who make the movie enjoyable by turning an array of common cinematic stereotypes on their heads .
Aside from the casting and the location shooting , there 's not much to distinguish Ping Pong Playa from Ladybugs or The Mighty Ducks .
To be perfectly blunt , Ping Pong Playa is third-rate crap . Unfunny crap . Unnecessary crap . This little entertainment is also unintentionally racist , misogynistic , homophobic , poorly acted , and shapeless .
The setup has been trotted out a million times before , and the movie 's novel SoCal Chinese-American milieu only partially excuses the familiarity .
A winning comedy that entertainingly elevates a low-profile sport .
A good , clean , fun comedy that uses a table tennis championship to crack inside jokes about Los Angeles ' Chinese-American community .
This thin premise ca n't sustain a feature , and the racial and gay jokes are jarring , but the child actors are cute .
-LSB- W -RSB- hen the characters are this charming and the dialogue is this smart , you wo n't mind watching a little white ball clonk its way from paddle to tabletop and back again .
Dull , predictable and unoriginal ... the main character is so annoyingly silly it 's hard to put up with him for an entire movie .
Jessica Yu 's film , a 180-degree tonal shift from her previous Protagonist , diligently retreads Adam Sandler and Napoleon Dynamite territory .
could be a big , watchable cable TV star , especially if you 're 12 years old .
This lighter-than-air comedy could n't be more different from director Jessica Yu 's previous entry , ` Protagonist . '

@highlight

A gentle , light , kid friendly comedy about a Chinese-American hoopster turned ping pong pro , Playa is a charming but considerable digression from director Jessica Yu 's previous works .