Themes of social inequality that whet our appetite eventually give way to unfulfilling contrivances .
This is a sad , talky , slow-paced movie that seems to drag on longer than its two hour running time . On top of that there is an ambiguous ending , which makes it seem even less worthwhile to sit through .
Some films you watch , thinking , `` This is seriously never going to end . '' The Dinner is more like , `` this is seriously never going to begin . ''
The Dinner manages to work thanks to the delivery of his actors ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
... a well-intentioned attempt at a thriller , but without a moral dilemma . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
`` The Dinner '' is an exercise in prolonged frustration . Check , please ?
Moverman 's adaptation of Herman Koch 's novel is loaded with lacerating dialogue delivered with conviction . Yet as the narrative widens the drama loses steam and we 're left recalling performance moments , Bobby Bukowski 's camera work and little else .
Despite the top-shelf cast , The Dinner fails to deliver , getting bogged down in moral ambiguities rather than the dark satire and cynical focus that the book intended .
... a challenge with so much to tell and with so little to waste . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
`` The Dinner '' sets up a long and winding road that , at times , twists unnecessarily back on itself , seeking to create complexity while forcing us to question our own moral compasses .
... I could n't help but enjoy Oren Moverman 's drama , though a more cold-eyed assessor might quibble about soapiness or its rather stagey nature .
Steve Coogan has seldom been better or sourer as the irascible Paul .
You ca n't help but feel that Coogan in particular will be hoping this one disappears quickly , without trace .
Richard Gere , Rebecca Hall , Steve Coogan and Laura Linney collectively fail to rescue this trying-too-hard drama .
An absolutely first-rate cast is cut adrift in a sea of laboured , overwritten dialogue in this disappointing drama .
Annoyingly it skirts around ... interesting subjects with a script that meanders and dithers too much , which is annoying as the cast are top drawer .
Even once you 've got used to the idea of Richard Gere and Steve Coogan playing brothers , The Dinner is a confused and confusing film .
It feels stagey , contrived and overcooked .
You can see where this is heading , but it just does n't work , and most of that , sadly , is down to Coogan .
Coogan 's character is intentionally exasperating for much of the movie , but there 's something intriguing about the way his character and Gere 's ... subvert the expected norms in a movie that 's also about class privilege and social responsibility .
You can see the points -LSB- director Oren -RSB- Moverman is trying to make , but it 's just a pity that the dialogue is n't sharper and that the protagonists are so thoroughly unsympathetic .
It 's unevenly mounted but kept watchable by the lively script and classy cast .
The first course will be family dysfunction with a sprig of bitter wit . The second course will be fraternal foreboding crushed in a mortar of historical resonance and symbolism . ... The third course - oh the hell with that . Let 's have the bill .
Brittle , stiff and frustratingly chopped about in a restless bid to break free from its claustrophobic setting , The Dinner is a far from satisfying feast , despite its appetising cast .
Not even a powerhouse cast can rescue this talky parable about how far parents will go to protect their kids .
The question of what the children did and how they should all respond seems to diminish as the night unfolds , adding to the air of redundancy around a film that seems to have lost its way .
De Matteo 's systematic examination of this theme is engrossing .
Collapses under its intense dramatic weight ... -LSB- Like each dish -RSB- , over-sauced , over-stuffed , too rich and heavy .
With a keen sense of how to keep so much verbiage watchable , director Oren Moverman builds tension to near-boiling point ... The latest in a string of strong films from Richard Gere -LSB- who -RSB- seems to be thriving in this chapter of his career .
The Dinner had the bones of a decent thriller . Instead , we 're saddled with something that 's tonally confusing and obtuse , that by the time the real action happens , it 's too late .
Even with a top-notch cast and fine performances , the film is a long , bleak dirge .
Not even the great cast can make these characters minimally palatable . -LSB- Full review in Portuguese . -RSB-
An odd drama that never quite finds the precise rhythm required , The Dinner is admirably uncompromising on some fronts , and annoyingly compromised on others .
At the heart of it all is a moral dilemma about the responsibilities attached to being a parent and the question of just how far you would go to protect your child . Nor does it stop there . It goes on to ask what such protection actually means .
A disappointingly mannered and over-thunk film interpretation of Koch 's bare-knuckled literary thriller .
What 's for dinner ? America , served with sauce de human nature , flavoured with prickly Paul -LRB- Steve Coogan -RRB- and a platter of guilt .
Primal instincts are pitted against the niceties of dinner etiquette in this savage relationship drama that dishes out morality on a platter .
The Dinner is a complex moral fable .
Slow-paced and thought-provoking , veering from boring , to overbearing , to fascinating and back again ...
This third cinematic adaptation of Dutch author Herman Koch 's cynical 2009 novel feels like it has had a little too much Hollywood gloss added to it .
The actions of all four adults in the film 's final moments , where they are literally ambling about in different directions after six tightly wound , tightly shot courses , is like a loom suddenly hit with a basketball , its threads torn and flung akimbo .
The Dinner could have been a better movie , but there is far too much going on .
The Dinner is a difficult film to watch , but it is worth seeing for Coogan 's revelatory performance alone .
Guaranteed to leave you hungry for good food and a better movie .
As focus lurches distractingly from the heated dinner-table debate to a zigzagging network of flashbacks , momentum fatally stalls , while the illustrious ensemble of actors at the film 's center never quite gets cooking .
You 're invited to ` The Dinner ' for a disturbing , thought-provoking two hours .
In this joyless context the professionalism feels like slow suffocation .
This adaptation is clouded by a menu with too many choices .
Despite the skill of the cast , you spend much of the film trying to decide which of its characters most deserves to choke on an appetizer .
Ominously undercooked and unbalanced , this epicurean feast culminates in an infuriatingly enigmatic conclusion .
One hopes those with a taste for smartly written , superbly acted movies about things that matter in the real world will sample The Dinner .
The Dinner is two hours of unrelenting nastiness , steeped in the trappings of extreme wealth and the toxic privilege it affords .
Although Moverman 's cinematic style can be physically uncomfortable to experience , it 's impossible to turn away from the quartet of incredible performances .
It is rare for a film so bereft of even vaguely-likeable characters to be so watchable .
Though a difficult film to find that appetizing , it 's still digestible even as it serves up madness .
Gere 's genial sleekness placed against Coogan 's consternation and growing agitation ... Coogan trembles with ... resentment , a barely-stemmed incendiary force . These are terrible people ; Moverman hopes to demonstrate why . Coogan and Gere deliver .
A bloated five-course course in discourse that yields little beyond indigestion .
For a fairly long film full of talk , the pace is outstanding ; despite an unsatisfying ending .
It 's only during the last 40 minutes that the gloves come off and the foursome gets down to the nitty-gritty , at which point Linney and Hall grab hold of the focus .
By the end of the evening , an array of food porn is presented , but all you 'll taste is bile .
The way that people are disposable becomes a key issue in a drama that begins with a veneer of civility and rapidly descends into accusations , recriminations , regrets and threats .
Though it 's admirably complex and intelligent , this talky drama quickly gives way to exasperation as its relentlessly irritating , chronically demoralizing parts pile up to form a bleak whole .
You may think you know how far you would go to protect your children . But you really have no idea .
The actors do n't have time to develop focused characterizations because they 're constantly being yanked around .
Potential game-changing touch : this time , it 's the politician and not his middle-class brother who is in favor of exposing the truth .
When the noblest person in a story turns out to be a congressman , you know you 're dealing with some truly horrible people .
Coogan 's dramatic performance is unmatched : raw , intense , satiric , self-immolating . There is not a moment when he is not being frighteningly honest , searching out the mortifying nooks and crannies of his often petty character and exposing them .
Whether or not you appreciate the film will largely depend on what you make of Coogan 's performance-some are likely to perceive it as grating and over the top , while others might see it as a natural reaction to the tailored smoothness of his big brother .
There are bumps along the way , but Moverman and his top-tier cast -LRB- Gere , Coogan , Hall and Linney -RRB- take a piece out of you . It 's a gripping psychological thriller with a sting in its tail .
Intriguing stuff , but the tangled storytelling works against itself .
As the story veers in unexpected directions and confronts its moral complexities head-on , the actors add depth amid the bickering and posturing .
A meal that just does n't leave you feeling full in any way .
... as the action leaves the noirish restaurant setting through a series of sometimes confusing flashbacks -LRB- or whatever -RRB- , the film loses its way .
A cinematic meal that 's tasty in parts , but the overall offering is n't as satisfying . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Profanity , Sexual Content , etc. - also Available -RRB-
Coogan 's pinched Paul is a magnificently detailed portrait of a man whose intelligence and hurt give way to neurosis and depression as the actor paints many shades between eccentricity and mental illness .
The film is much more interesting in its amuse-bouche diversions , including a surreal and emotional trip to the battlefield at Gettysburg .
Despite the presence of numerous seemingly foolproof ingredients , almost everything that can go wrong does go wrong in this Dinner from cinematic hell .
The tone and thrust of Oren Moverman 's adaptation of Howard Koch 's novel is damn near impossible to pin down , which can be a compliment , but is n't here .
The problem with The Dinner is that all those elements -- the morality story , the social commentary and the acting -- do n't pull together into a cohesive whole . The ingredients are there , but the final dish is something of a mess .
The way the information is revealed feels like a cheat - maybe it works better in the novel , or in the two recent adaptations , one in Dutch and one in Italian , that preceded this one .
What we 're left with is a morality play in which three deeply deplorable people - and one surprising white knight - wrestle with class privilege , mental illness and extremely silly food .
In a movie world filled with intergalactic explosions , it remains a welcome thing to experience the kind of fireworks that take place between three-dimensional , deeply flawed characters grappling with major issues in a civilized setting .
Even without all the dilly-dallying , The Dinner would have a hard enough uphill battle to get the audience to care about four people it plainly holds in contempt .
Strong , focused performances give The Dinner sufficient reason to be seen . But the finessed , sometimes chilling portraits of middle-class denizens in moral crisis do n't give much shape to Moverman 's blobby narrative .
-LSB- T -RSB- he tension here is in whether these characters will prove our assumptions about them wrong or simply confirm them .
`` The Dinner '' turns a high-end double date into a seething evisceration of the upper class and the moral rot lurking beneath its well-heeled facade .
The premise for this chamber drama is inherently suspenseful , but not enough to sustain a movie so languorous that its chapters are demarcated by the various dinner courses , from aperitif to dessert . -LRB- After an hour I felt like loosening my belt . -RRB-
This `` Dinner '' is spoiled before the appetizer even arrives .
To make a movie this completely bad is almost an accomplishment .
What gets lost in translation is Koch 's caustic humor , woven into the fabric of his first-person prose . Without it , The Dinner is a feast of leftover insights and ironies : decorum masks darkness , polite society rarely is , etc. .
Powerhouse performances and provocative table talk make this ` Dinner ' worth making a reservation for .
The Dinner has all the ingredients for what should be a four-star feast . But from the opening course , it 's clear that something has gone wrong in the kitchen .
An impressively ambitious film that only stumbles into moralizing as it hits the suitably black finish line , The Dinner is an engrossing and enjoyably uncomfortable meal .
The Dinner is perhaps the most overtly political film he 's done and makes for the perfect Trump era drama about the legacy of privilege .
Two full hours with the self-absorbed , miserable characters in The Dinner may be too much to ask .
Jumping about in time from the dinner to Paul 's perspective on the past and the evening in question with amateurish dissolves , `` The Dinner '' might keep you guessing but the road to the answer is arduous .
Moverman keeps the action moving smoothly , even when it just involves talking -- or bickering . Actors live for this kind of material , and the ensemble rallies , particularly Coogan .
When these four fine actors remain seated , arguing morality and family grievances , the tension commands attention .
All the actors are outstanding , and their characters evolve , even as the next course arrives . When you think you have them figured out , something will change , and you wonder if you really know them at all .
An overwrought , often laughably self-serious drama built around a terrible lead performance from Steve Coogan .
Though the screenplay is unsatisfying -LRB- the boys remain an enigma -RRB- , the film 's strength is its cast , and each of them finds moments of truth .
An interesting but frustrating mess .
The Dinner is a curiously bland adaptation of Herman Koch 's bestseller about two couples dining out at an outrageously expensive restaurant while discussing some nasty business done by their children .
An entirely unpleasant film about appalling people , The Dinner is excruciating to sit through .
Solid work and gripping drama are expected and again delivered with writer-director Oren Moverman 's latest .
Coogan , in a broad American accent , is perfect , and perfectly unlikable as the increasingly unhinged Paul . Linney is steely as his wife , while the usually excellent Hall recedes to the background with her smaller role . Gere steals the show , though .
Humanity is still the most satisfying film ingredient , and The Dinner serves up plenty , plus a side of morality and a palate cleanser of social commentary .
`` The Dinner '' is provocative , thought-provoking and many times difficult to watch . And yet , you ca n't turn away -- it 's that good .
Its ambiguous conclusion should lend itself to animated post-movie discussions .
`` Coogan is utterly exhausting as he grumbles one tirade after another about human nature , the value of history , and the importance of family loyalty . ''
The performances are first rate -- nuanced and lived in from the first moments of performative civility to the shattering barbs thrown by the end -- even if the women are given the comparatively short stick here .
Oren Moverman gives us a lot to chew on in this adaptation of the Herman Koch bestselling morality tale . At times , he serves up too much . Others , mystifyingly , not enough .
Moverman does n't know what to do with the page-turner source material .
The Dinner mostly works so long as it stays at the table , and the unresolvable source of anxiety in play suggests that on some level , the meal never ends .
The film is shrilly , luridly , dully , and unremittingly ugly , preaching to a choir that it also demonizes .
Fans of Edward Albee 's `` Who 's Afraid of Virginia Woolf '' will eat `` The Dinner '' up .
Outstanding performances , a smart expectations-defying script , a stand-out film in a dreary year , thus far .
An imperfect but fascinating film , The Dinner 's stellar cast delivers a deeply troubling and psychologically complex treatment of class and family .
Although it has interpreters with enough solvency , the excessive ethical discussion becomes tiring . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's the pace and panic of modernity Moverman grasps best as morally corrosive forces : the soft ping of iPhone email alerts never letting us be , and consciences wiped clean as quickly as the next news cycle whips around .
A film that feels badly assembled and unclear . Perhaps the first artistic failure of Oren Moverman . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Oren Moverman is purposely evoking current racial tensions in the U.S. in adapting Dutch novelist Herman Koch 's The Dinner .
A seven-layer dip overflowing with compelling individual ingredients , that , when mixed together , make the finished dish awfully difficult to digest .
It ca n't help but go for those big meaty moments when a little veg might have helped in-between .
A film stifled by its very own sense of ambition .
Feels like an endless string of amuses-bouche with no main course .
By trying to keep the prolonged sit-down affair from becoming excessively stagey , Moverman adds too many distracting flashbacks to maintain the original 's hard-hitting and well-aimed gut punch .
A shouty , hammy , tedious , damp-squib firework display of dullness .
Richard Gere , Laura Linney , Steve Coogan , and Rebecca Hall make a riveting quartet in Oren Moverman 's adaptation of the Herman Koch novel about a dark-hearted dinner gathering .
This is a film that glories in juxtaposition , as exchanges of bestial ferocity hiss back and forth in an excruciatingly elegant destination restaurant , and as poisonously feral barbs are traded across a table laden with elaborately effete hors d'oeuvres .

@highlight

The Dinner 's strong ensemble is n't enough to overcome a screenplay that merely skims the surface of its source material 's wit and insight .