A truly wonderful coming-of-age tale , suffused with wit and warmth .
On the surface , Caterina in the Big City is like Mean Girls , Italian-style . But it 's much more layered than that .
The Italian Caterina in the Big City is sloppy , but it 's on to something .
Caterina in the City is a coming-of-age story , of course , but its adult characters are also well rendered .
An odd , and oddly dishonest bird .
Caterina faces challenges in this coming-of-age movie , but nothing earth-shattering or exceptional .
It 's an adolescent-to-adult drama that never veers into maudlin or sugary territory . There 's a realness on screen that translates to any culture .
Though Caterina is unusually well-acted and crafted for this kind of movie ... Giancarlo is the one character who makes the movie special .
Played in a manic , volcanic manner by Castellitto , Giancarlo is a constant source of humor and embarrassment .
... a funny , affecting , and intricate comedy that continually surprises and gets better as it goes along .
It 's not a satire , it 's a family drama whose social and political thoughts flicker like a neon sign on the fritz . Alas , sentimentality is the movie 's pilot light .
A warm and resonant comedy .
Caterina in the Big City wo n't change your life , but it moves along spiffily and the young Teghil is adorable as she adventures gamely onward .
A lovely and thoughtful exploration of the end of childhood innocence .
The film uses its surprisingly sly humor to win over the audience and also manages to say quite a bit about the differences between the haves and have-nots of the world , yet without becoming too full of itself .
A blend of gentle comedy and poignant drama .
Subtitles that are damnably hard to read are all that gets in the way of Virzì 's story , which simultaneously suffices as a teen drama and a political metaphor .
Like its heroine , Caterina in the Big City is delightfully unclassifiable , a modest , unassuming movie , but a rule-breaker nonetheless .
Teghil , with her soft , plain features and sad eyes , gives a sweet , honest , unaffected performance that brings Virzi 's themes to full bloom in the bosom of teenage anxiety ...
A charming and wise film about a teenage girl who moves from the Italian suburbs to the pulsing metropolis that is Rome .
This dramatic comedy is an Italian style Mean Girls .
The social and political particulars may be uniquely Italian , but the underlying theme -- of adolescence and its myriad pains -- cuts across all cultural and language barriers .
13-year-old Alice Teghil is brilliant in her acting debut , as is Sergio Castellitto as a psychologically deviant father and husband in this metaphor of modern Italy .
This is not another teen movie . It 's a sly political satire disguised as a deceptively light Italian coming-of-age flick .
Caterina is smart , sassy , compassionate and critical .
A young woman comes of age with the insight that two politicians ostensibly on different sides can embrace each other because at base , they 're both insincere .
Paolo Virzì captures the breathless excitement and sharp disappointments of adolescence .
Despite outward appearances , Paolo Virzi 's utterly charming fable is actually a razor-sharp political satire that tries to make sense of Italy 's current political situation while expressing the frustrations of ordinary citizens .
According to Paolo Virzi 's vibrant coming-of-age drama , Italian teens are just like their American counterparts , except that who they vote for matters more than what they wear .
A fluffy and fun coming-of-age-in-Rome comedy .
Comedy veteran Paolo Virzi brings a light helming touch to a story with a lot to say about contemporary Italy .
The movie uses the competition for Caterina 's loyalty to portray the school as a microcosm of Italian society under Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi . Any way you look at it , it 's not a pretty picture .
Pitch-perfect performances and a light-handed but razor-sharp script keep this satire brisk and biting .
Despite its slightly overblown histrionics , Castellitto 's furious performance gives the film a welcome measure of righteous indignation .
-LSB- Teghil 's -RSB- sensitive work goes a long way toward overcoming the unfocused script , which , despite its incisive characterizations , never quite settles into a cohesive tone .
Caterina Va in Citta has outrageously funny scenes -- but it 's a very dark sense of humor . The film is really about personalities .


@highlight

This witty movie succeeds as both a modest teen coming-of-age story and a satirical microcosm of Italy 's political climate .