Ron Perlman , performing under a massive ember-red suit ... is perfect as the cigar-puffing , wisecracking , kitten-loving demon who covertly battles supernatural monsters .
Guillermo del Toro 's best film yet .
It would be quite impossible to claim is that the filmmaker 's love of his subject is n't apparent throughout every lovingly-crafted frame .
Probably one of the coolest comic book movies to come around in years ...
When the movie 's story line concentrates on the character of Hellboy and his relationships with those important to him , the film becomes a unique romp , with an exciting yet vulnerable superhero at the center who just happens to be the spawn of Satan .
The screenplay has flashes of real wit , and Perlman is perfect in the title role .
Somewhat entertaining , but too scary for many .
Inventive but derivative , well performed yet slightly hokey , visually lush yet over-stylised .
Anyone can send an immense , computer-generated vegetable monster rampaging at the base of the Brooklyn Bridge , but it takes a special kind of imagination to do it in a way that 's thrilling , emotionally complex , and rapturously beautiful all at once .
High concept fantasy through the eyes of creative genius of Guillermo del Toro
Hellboy both kicks butt and falls in love , in an adventure that is thrilling , funny and touching .
A strong anti-superhero movie that turns the genre sideways .
Del Toro and Perlman essentially make you forget that Hellboy 's this bizarre creature because Perlman invests him with such humanity . And maybe what makes him most human are his flaws .
Ron Perlman -- the Lon Chaney of our time -- plays Hellboy with grit , humor , and a depth of feeling which , barely , grounds the movie .
They say the devil gets all the best tunes and , on the strength of this latest comicbook adaptation , he gets all the good one-liners , too .
Artistically resonant even as it deliberately follows a contemporary narrative structure .
Perlman , at age 53 , strides in like a hungry young actor itching to prove something , only with 22 years of experience lending him charisma and confidence .
Played by Ron Perlman , he 's the most magnetic action hero I 've come across in a long while , though I could n't make heads or tails of this story .
Unfortunately , after setting up this fresh blue-collar scenario in the movie 's first hour , Del Toro wallows in pyrotechnics .
As expertly played by Perlman , even with tons of make-up and prostheteics , our hero is a good ` monster ' whose origin haunts him to the bone .
Stylish sci-fi director Guillermo Del Toro brings Mike Mignola 's stone-fisted , horny -LRB- literally ! -RRB- cult comic book hero to life in this wry , glossy adventure .
Del Toro , in love with his source but never overawed by it , keeps things moving ; Perlman ties it together with some of the driest witticisms this side of Indiana Jones . Like we said : fun .
An experience you ca n't miss .
Del Toro 's energized adventure has humor , excitement , and soul to burn .
Aside from some of the specifics , we 've seen all this before . The film steals from everything from Batman to The X-Files and while there 's lots and lots of good violent fun ...
... a dull , derivative , poorly plotted movie . Hellboy 's enemies are interesting at first , but they wear out their welcome quickly .
Perlman has not only the towering body , sculpted face , and commanding voice for such a role , he exudes a very humane heart .
Hellboy sometimes pumps new life into the shopworn conventions on which it is based , but never entirely manages to transcend its pulpy origins .
The trouble with computer graphics in films these days is that a computer does n't have half the imagination of a human .
Most effective as a brief window into an era . It captures the bitter aftertaste of a counter-cultural movement gone stale
A briefly entertaining but forgettable adventure .
It has n't got the breakout potential of less eccentric comic book heroes , but fans will thank the dark squid gods for del Toro 's admirable loyalty to the source material .
Extremely enjoyable comic-book romp -- impressively directed with a witty , imaginative script and a terrific central performance from Perlman .
This good-looking superhero adventure tackles all of life 's big questions -- what is the nature of evil , are genes more influential than the environment , and who would win in a fight between a shaven-horned demon and a giant hellborn squid .
It works big time .
Like the best comic-book writers , del Toro crafts a three-act story that 's both preposterous and strangely believable .
A richly imaginative comicbook world is unveiled in Hellboy . If only the story was as strong .
` Es un buen trabajo para Del Toro pero todavía muy alejado de lo que nos tiene acostumbrados . Recomendada especialmente para fans del cómic . '
Parts of Hellboy are enjoyable enough , I guess , but there 's way , way too much to potentially enjoy .
Buena fotografía , excelente maquillaje , llamativos efectos y un guión inteligente para saber que no es un producto serio , sino una historieta llevada a la pantalla .
Hellboy is sort of a Denis Leary Catholic : Snarls a lot , tromps around in a grungy coat , and chomps on tobacco products continuously .
` This just in : Hellboy is real ! ... the big red ape has been spotted at theatres all over town and the public reaction is n't quite what the B.P.R.D. expected - they love him ! '
The film may end up being so popular that a sequel may be discussed but I hope it 's nixed . Part of ` Hellboy 's ' joy is its freshness .
With Hellboy , this battle between story and effects is one that is bitterly fought .
Set within Del Toro 's typical world of yellow gothic decay , the monsters are gruesome , the spiritual overtones abundant and the action is cut with an adventure serial zeal .
Prende a atenção do espectador graças aos seus interessantes personagens e ao rico universo no qual estes vivem .
While Comic Book Movies may be the new fad , I 'm hoping that the trend will quickly end its tenure of terrorizing the cinematic landscape .
The grim humor is ironically enjoyable and makes this film worth seeing . But neither del Toro nor Mignola knows who Hellboy should be .
Dynamic in disposition , but ineffectually conveyed .
Depths of character draw us in and make the film much more than an exercise in eye-poppingly inventive design , make-up , effects and action .
Hellboy will strike a chaotic chord with audiences that appreciate their dark and stylish comic book narratives as mysteriously inviting and highly spirited
Perlman plays the adult Hellboy to perfection : part blustery , stogie-chomping tough guy in a mean leather duster , and part angsty teenager , sick and tired of being confined to the BPRD lest his appearance incite a riot among the general populace .
I think it 's worth checking out on the big screen if you 're even slightly interested . I think seeing it with an audience may help .
Overall , Hellboy is a hot time in the old town , a great comic book movie writ large .
Although Perlman 's presence provides the heart and soul of Hellboy , the film 's fire dies down the moment he disappears from sight
Wondrously off-the-wall ... bring on the sequel !
... reminiscent of both The League of Extraordinary Gentleman , but with a better story , and Men in Black , but less adorable .
Sly humor , restrained violence/language , and a terrific -- and very crimson -- Ron Perlman position `` Hellboy '' as a cut above your average Mutants vs. Nazis flick .
If you 're planning to take a comic book to the big screen , Guillermo del Toro is the man you want behind the camera .
Perlman invests him with such genuine emotions -- both good and bad -- that we never for a second doubt his plausibility as a character or why he makes the choices he does .
It works basically because of Ron Perlman .
Master director Guillermo Del Toro artistically glues the fanciful bits to his celluloid canvas creating a visual feast for the imagination ! Read on - >
This is n't the first comic-book movie to think it 's the Book of Revelations , but I wish to hell it were the last .
Finally , we have an excellent fresh treatment for a comic book hero .
A great concept burdened by an unwieldy back story ...
What the picture could use is more in common with del Toro 's The Devil 's Backbone
It does n't leave the `` Is that it ? '' aftertaste that cursed Daredevil , but it definitely feels like something we 've seen before ... many , many times before .
It would have been so easy to play Hellboy as caricature , but -LSB- Ron -RSB- Perlman provides the character heart , soul , and the richness of life .
This movie is n't original enough , exciting enough , or humorous enough to sustain interest , let alone spawn the expected sequel or two .
... wickedly funny and action packed ...
OK , the CGI stuff is getting better . But it still looks like CGI stuff .
To his credit , del Toro does not flinch from the ridiculous . But he is equally sensitive to Hellboy 's pulp poetry .
As good a comic book flick as I 've seen in years .
What you 'd get after playing video games like Doom 3-D for twenty hours solid before declaring ` well , why the * % & ! should n't there be a movie like this ? '
The ingredients may be ordinary , but the presentation -- the tone , the flavor , the texture -- is sublime .
... un heureux mélange de bande dessinée inventive et de monstres ` lovecraftiens ' ...
Combining CG with matte paintings , models and animatronics , writer/director Guillermo del Toro fosters the fun and ingenuity that fuel this often-confusing horror fantasy .
Energetic and entertaining , Hellboy falters in its second half , but manages to engross , thanks mostly to a sharply humourous script and terrific performances .
Succeeds as a supernatural special-effects free-for-all , a no-holds-barred monster throwdown and even a love story .
Writer/director Guillermo del Toro puts too much effort on image and not enough on background .
Thanks to the singular vision of director Guillermo del Toro and Mike Mignola 's gloriously dark source material , Hellboy is a wicked trip into the fantastic .
Perlman , a fine actor , breathes life into Hellboy , despite all the layers of makeup he wears in the film .
Deadpan humor combines with inventive action and real character development
-LSB- Hellboy 's -RSB- actions are believable , his issues are sympathetic , and his humor is genuinely funny .
I never thought I 'd root for a character with rice cakes on his forehead and I 'm certainly not going to start now .
The world created in Hellboy seems to reveal something clever at every turn ... I hope that there 's a sequel .
What begins as sensory overload eventually gives way to blatant plot gaps ... I 'm totally on the fence about Hellboy .
With all pro 's and con 's tallied , Hellboy stands as a durable popcorn entertainment with definite potential to become a franchise .
There 's lots of dazzle in this superhero comic book film .
Eat your heart out , Hulk ; watch your back , Spider-Man . Hellboy promises to heat up the superhero competition .
I 've seen bad superhero movies before . This is not a bad superhero movie . Enjoy .
This is the kind of movie you watch for its aura , for its appealing characters , for its marvelously sustained seriocomic romantic mood .
A wonderfully pulpy thrill ride full of awesome computer-generated and make-up effects .
The film hits its stride in all the moments where del Toro forgets about his silly hocus-pocus Apocalypse and lets his heroes interact and grow .
Somehow del Toro gives the movie unexpected rhythm and spirit ; do n't be surprised if you get caught up in this weirdly affecting tale ...
This superhero character would seem to confirm the oft held view that we are molded by our environment .
Del Toro moves his story along with unrelenting energy and wit while introducing the opposing parties with admirable efficiency .
Comic book fans are sure to be delighted by Hellboy , Guillermo del Toro 's surprisingly smart , graphically faithful live-action adaptation of the Mike Mignola series .
-LSB- Hellboy -RSB- is gloomily gorgeous , but its tone careens recklessly between light comedy and dark portentousness and the character relationships suffer .
Easily the most adept comic book adaptation since Ghost World .
-LSB- del Toro -RSB- does n't quite knock it out of the park like X2 or Spider-Man , but that 's not because of a weak swing .
If you do n't normally go to films where the lead characters look like giant Pez dispensers , the slogging fights of Hellboy may seem like purgatory . But there 's enough going on in between the big action sequences to save the movie from mediocrity .
It 's a movie for people -LRB- the guy kind -RRB- who ca n't stop turning the pages of comic books , who want life to be serialized .
Hellboy is at its best in the first half . That 's when we get to watch him in action . But director Guillermo del Toro ultimately allows the film to run out of steam .
Fast , funny , and flippant .
The whole movie rides on whether Del Toro and Perlman can make Hellboy into a character worth watching , and they do .
While the character of Hellboy is entertaining , the film in which he appears is largely an exploitative jumble .
For all the monstrous eviscerations , there 's no real heart here .
I do n't know if Hellboy has had a Beauty and the Beast relationship in his comic-book life , but if he did , the filmmakers did right by him in casting Ron Perlman .
Silly stuff , to be sure , but Perlman is so spectacular that he holds it together .
A film for comic book fanatics , children and fantasy fans , but it 's hardly a heavenly experience for those who prefer actual literature .
Wickedly good !
Despite its shallow feel , Hellboy still succeeds as a piece of relentless pop entertainment .
If you identified with the freakish misfits of The X-Men , you 'll love Hellboy and friends . They are a helluva lot X-ier .
Surprisingly enjoyable .
Del Toro 's wittiest , most visually diverse feature to date .
Del Toro has traded the subtlety for special effects that are n't .
Guillermo del Toro 's above-average if not-quite-spectacular adaptation of Hellboy sticks to this expectation-flipping recipe and retains the comic 's cheeky , po-mo spirit .
The latest hero for our time is red .
Hellboy can be a kick -- even if you 're not a devotee of the comics .
The best comic book flick since Spider-Man and a bonafide blast of a film .
Far be it from me to endorse yet another franchise , but thanks to del Toro and a smart script , Hellboy is so entertaining that you long to see what further heck this gang can raise .
The constant winking at the audience does get a little tiresome , but for the most part , the film is a fun and thrilling action piece .
Hellboy boasts a fine performance from Perlman , who manages to create a real character despite wearing a ton of red makeup and what appears to be a leather Hellboy suit .
Del Toro clearly knows exactly what he 's doing . With the big budget of Hellboy , he was given the tools to do it well , along with the freedom to do it right .
-LSB- Hellboy -RSB- smacks of first in franchise and , with a better story and more wicked bad guys , will probably end up with a sequel or two .
Hellboy is one of those rare movies that 's not only based on a comic book , but also feels like a comic book . It 's vibrating with energy , and you can sense the zeal and joy in its making .
He 's finally figured out what to do with a big budget ... Yet del Toro still has n't figured out some basic storytelling tenets .
An action movie with a brain , a heart , the nerve .
Comic fans should enjoy the movie , but those with only a passing interest wo n't be as enthralled .
Without conveying its uniqueness to a larger audience , it finally becomes an empty spectacle of confusion and lost opportunity .
This is one heck of a fun ride - even for non-comic book aficionados like me .
Essentially , Hellboy is another WWF Smackdown movie .
Perlman , who has become a modern-day Lon Chaney with the variety of monsters and weird characters he has played , has his best role ...
A damned good time .
Purists may be disgruntled with parts of the story , but they 'll agree that Hellboy captures the essence of the big , lovable lug with attitude to spare .
Irritatingly drawn-out and overblown .
I saw many films in this hodgepodge ... but I saw nothing that ` Hellboy ' could call its own .
Filled with even doses of action , humor and multi-dimensional characters with heart , Hellboy is everything a comic book movie should be .
Making no apologies for the source material , director Guillermo del Toro lets his picture gorge on power bars of pop energy , sugared with sprinkles of playful humour .
I enjoyed the first 90 minutes and was ready to give this a recommend , but the last 30 minutes sent the movie straight to hell for me .
-LSB- F -RSB- eels like a genre classic for much of its running time , until it tails off sharply in its final third .
Portions of the movie capture the spirit of the clever source material , yet it eventually becomes another generic action flick bogged down by the weight of its CGI effects .
Most heroes need a cape . Hellboy needs a hug .
Hell , yeah .
This movie is an astoundingly colorful and exceedingly entertaining showcase of Demonic Superheroes vs. Slimy Monsters .
The best thing about Hellboy is Hellboy ... A boring sidekick , an undeveloped love interest , unimpressive villains , and grotesque but unfrightening monsters .
I could n't even begin to tell you what Hellboy is about , but unholy crap is it cool .
Ron Perlman is almost frighteningly perfect .
Seems to be a blend of X-Men and The Mummy , but even The Mummy has a more coherent mythology .
A comic book you 've never heard of is brought to the big screen gleaming with enthusiasm , even if the script could have used more polish .
Hellboy is as magnificent looking a comic book film as I 've ever seen , but an increased sense of boredom detached me about midway through .
Hellboy has an amazing soul and sense of drama that exceeds what you get from most comic book movies .
A fiery action picture destined to please fans of other comics-turned-adventure flicks such as X-Men . The rest of us will find ourselves left out in the cold .
Works because of its little poetic moments and some killer casting .
Hellboy is the most engaging comic-book movie character to emerge in years , and his complex personality is perfectly personified by Ron Perlman , with a prosthetic assist .
While it may not be as memorable as the X-Men flicks , Hellboy is still a hella-good time .
Though there 's nothing particularly new in the Hellboy narrative , it 's easy to be captivated by del Toro 's style and the film 's overall panache .
What separates Hellboy from your run-of-the-mill comic book movie is , ironically , that it feels like it 's about real people .
It might be hell on earth , but in del Toro 's hands it 's schlock heaven .
For all its f/x pageantry , it is rather tired , as if it 's the third sequel of a franchise , not the initial episode .
Hellboy is on fire with scares and laughs and del Toro 's visionary dazzle .
Perlman is the best casting in the history of super-hero films .
Hellboy 's characters may be reminiscent of X-Men , they 're a lot more fun . Only a weak villain mars this new comic book entry .
A triumph of design over meaning .
Comic book-based superhero movies are a dime a dozen these days , but few are quite like the quirky Hellboy , full of dry wit and humanizing touches that balance the requisite slam-bang action .
Perlman 's natural gruffness lends depth to the character 's one-liners as moments of levity rather than calculated quips from a screenwriter 's pen .
Hellboy the character is a great deal more interesting than Hellboy the movie .
Guillermo del Toro lets loose with a vaudevillian rambunctiousness that makes his adaptation of the Hellboy comic book series daffy , loose and lovable .
If you 're a Hellboy fan , the film is a must-see . For others , do n't bother .
The most successful transformation from pulp page to big screen since Tim Burton 's Batman in 1989 .
Faithful to its pulp roots and lacking the cumbersome self-seriousness of many a comic-book adaptation , Hellboy is , well , hellacious good fun .
Visually attractive , but not much else .
A fully formed , funny , smart and briskly entertaining horror show .
A welcome change of pace from the senseless sensibilities of most Hollywood comic-book spectacles .
The movie feels at odds with itself , embracing the comics ' idiosyncratic creations without an idiosyncratic worldview .
A fun monster movie .
The rare labor of love that should both satisfy die-hard fans and excite newcomers as well .
The promise is in the premise . Next time -LRB- and after Hellboy makes millions , there will be a next time -RRB- , someone just has to make good on it .
Despite several drawbacks , Hellboy nevertheless succeeds in entertaining .
Extremely original yet routine in parts .
Every scene is an orgy of elaborate visual effects but there is so little to tie them together that the reels could be shown in any order ...
-LRB- Perlman 's -RRB- rumbling , ironic lilt and cynical cigar-chomping give charismatic aplomb to this supernatural superhero ...
One part fierce , one part vulnerable : like the director , like his heroes .
As far as the latest crop of repetitive superhero movies goes , Hellboy is heaven-sent .
One of the sturdier superhero movies of the last couple of years , with monsters and effects and diabolical baddies to spare , a heart as big as a house and a love story that actually gets its hooks in you .
I enjoyed myself for most of Hellboy , yet the movie , a highly derivative compendium of geek dreams , is little more than a well-executed contraption .
The big challenge is setting aside the Perlman-as-Hellboy prejudice .
del Toro 's focus on the mood and the effects unfortunately causes the characters to suffer
Ron Perlman as Hellboy might be the best casting ever of a superhero ... he 's cooler than the movie is .
I 've never laid an eye on Mignola 's comic , but I know a good del Toro film when I see it .
A long , violent , cigar commercial that 's for Hellboy comic book fans only .
If it were n't for the sag in the story 's pacing halfway through that threatens to have the whole thing implode in on itself , it would be a perfect flight of fancy .
Del Toro 's distinctive stamp of texture and undercurrents are all over this movie -- You 're in for a helluva good time !
You do n't have to be a geek to appreciate the hard work and inspired choices of craftspeople who brought Hellboy into a new dimension , from page to screen .
The sheer ingenuity and obvious joy del Toro puts into the major action sequences lifts the movie out of the mundane .
... I loved about 49 percent of this movie but I hated 51 percent of it so I 'm going to give this film thumbs down .
An enjoyable , wide-ranging and well-crafted film .


@highlight

With wit , humor and Guillermo del Toro 's fantastic visuals , the entertaining Hellboy transcends the derivative nature of the genre .