Reminds us of a time when heroes did n't complain about the dangers of the job they signed up for but instead decided to go above and beyond what was expected .
Pine ... is in his element as the resolute rescuer . His character is heroic , but in the strong , silent kind of way . Enjoy movies about daring rescues ? Go watch this .
Overall , it 's wholesome , life-affirming and a terrific ringing testament to the courage these men displayed .
In a film that is one part The Caine Mutiny and one part The Perfect Storm , the depictions of both lifeboat and stricken tanker are excellent and the film does have an old-school appeal , albeit an obviously manufactured one .
Sure , it 's kind of hokey and old-fashioned , but it holds together and is more engaging than not .
While Webber 's heroic efforts deserve to be immortalised on the big screen , director Craig Gillespie 's heavy focus on the CGI storm washes out anything memorable from Pine or Casey Affleck 's Ray Sybert , the loner first assistant engineer .
If you like action adventure films but just may be tired of endless fantastical superhero movies with the same basic story line , littered with explosions and death defying feats , The Finest Hours may be just the film to see .
The Disney `` based on a true story '' course is tried and true , and the end result is a movie that never manages much excitement or tension , despite trying so earnestly you almost root for it .
The movie 's ocean sequences are good enough to make The Finest Hours an acceptable -- if not great -- piece of January entertainment .
Not a truly great film , but a really nice one .
The crews of the Pendleton and of the CG-36500 , which rescued them , demonstrated formidable courage and ingenuity in coming out of the devastating nor'easter alive . These folks deserve more than a middling January release .
An entertaining film that can be inspiring at some points . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A rousing tale of sacrifice , ingenuity and heroism .
The Coast Guard gets its big-screen opportunity with The Finest Hours . Its great effects work well to accompany some solid performances .
If you or someone you know can reel off even one of Gene Hackman 's lines from The Poseidon Adventure or Steve McQueen 's from The Towering Inferno , then these two hours , while not being the finest , will pass very quickly .
The Finest Hours feels great because it is modest ... This makes the film a study in humanism as well as citizenship ... It is a nostalgic cultural memoir as much as an action film .
This is a by-the-book disaster-rescue saga with elevated moments of drama . The ocean scenes leave you feeling a little bit seasick , but in awe of the bravery of these men .
Technically the film is top notch . The special effects are well done and the various period pieces take you back to a time in life when you could n't just pick up your cell phone and check in with others .
This is old-fashioned , corny filmmaking , with all of the emotional beats and crescendos you would expect .
While the build up to the rescue , and the post-rescue part of the story is weak , the rescue itself is amazing . Many scenes appeared way too dark , perhaps due to a dim projector , a common issue in movie theaters , especially in 3D showings .
The fault lies in how closely it sticks to a conventional and overplayed narrative style . But there is just enough here , mainly in the strong work of Chris Pine , Holliday Grainger , and Casey Affleck that makes this otherwise formulaic story work .
Efficient , well-crafted and solid to a fault , The Finest Hours might have been made 30 or 70 years ago , and starred Gary Cooper or James Stewart -- it 's profoundly old-fashioned but pretty enjoyable for all that .
An true account of heroism told simply and efficiently .
Unfortunately the mix of romance , drama and action never comes together cohesively , and a lack of urgency works against what could have been a thrilling film .
The film is a reconstruction of the real case of an epic rescue in high seas that is as entertaining as effective . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
As it stands , it 's a perfectly good , exciting movie about what was unquestionably a heroic rescue , and that 's enough .
There 's a better , deeper movie waiting to be made from the subject matter , but until then `` The Finest Hours '' will do just fine , a classic case of good being good enough .
The storm scenes are exciting and unpredictable , and prove downright scary at times . But it 's the unusually idiosyncratic characters that raise the film to the level of a bona fide drama .
Overall , though , it 's just not strong or heartfelt enough to keep its head above water -LRB- sorry , we ca n't help it -RRB- and deliver a story which fitting of its real-life story .
Two fine hours of adventure-but as the film 's grim-faced Cape Codders might say , ` Bring a slickah . ' ''
bland , empty , crowd-pleasing , middlebrow gruel for the sedate appreciation of people who are almost dead .
Falls a bit short in several key departments .
This may be a powerful true story but for some odd reason , the three-man screenwriting team have packed it with distracting , unnecessary clichés .
This is agreeably exciting and tense at times , despite the fact that it 's obvious that very little of it is , you know , real .
For family film lovers that do n't look for too complex characters . This rescue film is about brotherhood and love promises . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The film needs something to make it stand out and not just be another Disney movie , which is exactly what it is , and that 's not necessarily a bad thing . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
If you need a mid-strength shot of maritime heroics set against insanely inclement weather , this simple affair will do just nicely .
Even if it 's a by the numbers film , The Finest Hours will still keep you on the edge of your seat and that 's a great accomplishment on its own . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Chris Pine and Casey Affleck give standout performances in this CGI infused disaster flick . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Not an epic action movie , but it 's a fun and sweet rescue movie . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The pace of the movie slows down at times , but you wo n't notice once the action kicks in , making it very enjoyable . Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A lush disaster film that assumes audiences will undoubtedly root for love at all costs , even if it 's just a device used to avoid constructing a solid dramatic structure .
The incident on which Craig Gillespie 's film is based may have marked the titular finest hour for the historical personages depicted , but everyone involved in this production will make more thrilling pictures than this one .
Some good effects work , but the movie sinks like the other half of the aforementioned vessel .
The rescue itself packs an emotional punch but everything else about The Finest Hours feels a little dull and corny .
Sweetly appealing - and Pine 's rain-acting game is strong - it 's a shame that the title tells you exactly how everything turns out .
With its rousing , old-fashioned tone , this fact-based epic is properly thrilling and inspirational , a tale of heroism that almost seems too good to be true .
See this for Casey Affleck : he exudes a classic cinematic masculinity here . Alas , the rest of the film is old-fashioned in ways that are downright stodgy .
A bracing , resolutely old-fashioned matinee movie enlivened by some sensational special effects .
It 's as ruggedly constructed and guilelessly entertaining as its leading man , Chris Pine .
An enjoyably old-fashioned adventure yarn .
As sea-borne dramas go , this one 's pretty ship-shape .
This is corny , old-fashioned adventure stuff , down to the hero being so diffident that he seems overwhelmed by his future bride . Then again , it 's January . And corn is delicious .
This unpretentious drama knows its way .
A strong cast and impressive action sequences ca n't find subtleties or surprises to enliven a rote period disaster movie . It hits the right points , but mechanically .
Affleck enlivens it with an unexpected , film-elevating performance that 's almost like a pastiche of On The Waterfront-era Marlon Brando - all mumbles , smouldering stares , private smiles , and attention-grabbing fiddles .
Fine to past the time , but not a voyage you will ever want to undertake again .
Finest Hours is action and adventure on a grand scale .
See it to invoke further appreciation of your cozy and dry couch and mattress , and to witness Affleck 's charismatic performance .
Its atypically modest brand of heroism is enough to guide it confidently home .
This old-fashioned yarn takes on some water at the beginning but when the rescue begins , it steams ahead .
` The Finest Hours ' is an apt title for this incredible tale of a daring sea rescue in 1952 .
By the time the fairly interminable post-rescue stretch rolls around , The Finest Hours has essentially squandered the goodwill afforded by its decent opening stretch ...
Sturdy and seaworthy , it 's another old-fashioned profile in courage ...
It 's a story tailor-made for Hollywood-it 's remarkable that it has n't been filmed before-but virtually everything goes wrong except the CGI and sound effects .
It tells us more about heroism in real life than many a Hollywood fiction .
The picture embraces old-fashioned values and a little schmaltz in its portrait of decent men going above and beyond the call of duty .
The Finest Hours is an odd hybrid , starting out as a period romance before veering into rescue-at-sea adventure territory . That it manages both feats imperfectly is probably more a factor of trying too hard at each rather than skimping on either .
If I learned two things while watching The Finest Hours , it 's that Chris Pine needs a towel and that director Craig Gillespie really wants to be Steven Spielberg .
There is a weighty tactility and sense of scale in the split-oil tanker scenes that was n't present in either The Perfect Storm or Titanic .
Giant waves flinging various vessels around willy-nilly , a crew racing to the rescue , another struggling to stay afloat long enough for them to arrive : All of this works . But whenever the movie does anything else ... ?
I expected nothing special and wound up being thoroughly exhilarated .
It 's not long before you realize that Ray 's eyes tell their own story , more hauntingly and more urgently , than any of the plot 's clunky machinations .
You could skip the entire first hour of this 117-minute film and not miss anything important . That is fatal .
The Pendleton rescue ranks with the most amazing stories in nautical history but Disney tweaked and twisted the facts and added hokey , hammy stuff that never happened to the point this comes off more like a high-seas Hallmark movie .
Great special effects but no one showed one sign of being in a blizzard . Unnecessary love story is laughable .
Too few of Hollywood 's recent offerings can boast such a simple throughline and know when to wrap it up .
A commendable achievement , this drama features an old-fashioned story and worthwhile effects that make the rescue sequences truly stand out .
Without the added romantic fluff , this could have been a compact and exciting experience . ` The Finest Hours ' still provides enough interest to keep it afloat .
At sea it 's pretty terrific . But on land , where too much of this seafaring folly transpires , it 's dull as dirt .
An entertaining and expertly crafted Coast Guard tale deftly navigated by Chris Pine and Casey Affleck in the most stoic performances of their careers .
... fine special effects and high tension with good performances ... lags during the final ten minutes when the mood , exacerbated by the music , becomes maudlin .
The only element missing is a monstrous , Jules Verne-approved squid to drag various seamen to their watery graves some 20,000 leagues under the sea .
... drowns its compelling source material beneath a series of waterlogged clichés about overcoming personal demons and insurmountable odds .
A remarkable tale , confusingly told . Impressive storm sequences and a very good Pine almost save the day .
The action is big and bold and in your face ; the melodrama should n't be .
With its sepia-toned period detail and earnest Eisenhower-era feel , this stoic seafaring adventure comes close to being hokey . But it 's honest hoke , told with sturdy craft .
The stuff onboard the Pendleton is the only part of the movie that remains compelling throughout - and it only accounts for a third of the running time .
There 's simply very little reason to get excited about - let alone purchase a ticket for - the earnestly square , real-life rescue drama The Finest Hours .
Part 21st-century effects movie , part old-fashioned Hollywood flick , this account of a 1952 Coast Guard rescue raises some real shivers .
A solid movie about a remarkable true story .
Maybe it 's just the History Channel junkie in me , but I would much rather be seeing a documentary about this mission than a trumped-up drama featuring brand-name actors and CGI squalls .
Even with some slow land-lubber moments , The Finest Hours is an effective and exciting movie filled with some strong performances .
It feels like a parody of a prestige film , like one of the fake Oscar trailers in `` Tropic Thunder . ''
A straight-up Boys ' Own adventure yarn , set sincerely and squarely in early '50s New England but gussied up with plenty of 21st-century StormWave CGI .
Simply , here 's a Disney `` True Story '' event film that does n't feel all that cheap , emotionally or in terms of presentation . The Finest Hours embraces both new and old .
Pine , Bana , and Affleck have done fine work before but The Finest Hours is not their finest hours .
Whereas other pictures of this type tend to focus on the thrills , this one focuses on the idea that lives are at stake . The Finest Hours ' appreciation of the `` leave no man behind '' ethic is refreshing .
The Finest Hours is a respectful dramatization of the real-life events that inspired it , but is too by the numbers to leave a strong impression .
Casey Affleck is the best thing about this Cape Cod-set , true-rescue-story film .
-LSB- A -RSB- remarkable story of bravery and survival against all odds , with fine visual spectacle and good performances keeping us invested as the disaster spirals further into hopelessness .
An old-fashioned tale of heroism in the face of insurmountable odds , `` The Finest Hours '' is never less than aggressively hokey and manipulatively sentimental - and , in the end , better off for it .
This clam-chowder winter drama wo n't win any awards , but it does stand as a stirring tale of Greatest Generation heroism ` rescued ' from obscurity by the big screen .
`` The Finest Hours '' , based on an actual event , should have been edge-of-the-seat suspenseful , but it is not .
The 3-D conversion is so murky that there are long stretches where it is almost impossible to discern what is going on up on the screen .
Death-defying rescue comes alive in intense drama .
The movie is pure , satisfying old-school Hollywood melodrama ; take out the thrilling CGI effects , and it could have been released in theaters on the exact same week that it 's set .
The Finest Hours feels a lot like The Perfect Storm , In the Heart of the Sea , The Poseidon Adventure and just a hint of Gilligan 's Island all rolled into one sticky piece of salt water toffee .
This disaster flick manages to stay afloat largely thanks to the yeoman efforts of Casey Affleck .
Visual and visceral content will only take you so far , and I never felt emotionally connected with the characters enough to care . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents -- Violence , Peril , Profanity , etc. - Also Available -RRB-
Pine 's understated playing and Affleck 's solemn calm suit the time -LSB- period -RSB- , Grainger 's unconventional forthrightness adding spark .
The Finest Hours keeps taking on water , but the quiet heroism of its crew can not be denied .
It 's a classic , old fashioned drama full of red , white , blue and apple pie .
There 's nothing subtle about The Finest Hours , but much that is satisfying .
`` The Finest Hours '' tells a noble story of brave men who risked their lives to help others . Yet its good intentions are suffocated by its showboat style that favors effects over humanity .
A film in which just about everything goes right -- the production design , the photography , the technical effects . But the movie itself does n't really go anywhere .
Gillespie -LRB- Million Dollar Arm -RRB- and his screenwriters laudably strive to keep true to the film 's real-life account from 1952 ... But history often needs more than just the bare facts to make for a satisfying movie .
The problems with `` The Finest Hours '' are n't technical , but there are only so many crashing waves one can watch before it grows tiresome .
True American Heroes ! Exciting rescue at sea that delivers enough thrills and leaves you soaking wet !
Vivid recreations of ... high waves and the howl of ... winds ... -LSB- But -RSB- almost no personality insight on ... crews ... little technical , geographic , or meteorological background .
Despite all the intense heroics , `` The Finest Hours '' is rather distant and clinical . It lacks emotional resonance and any really big moments that sweep you off your feet .
the quiet heroism of these characters is movingly portrayed
Hollywood uses the phrase `` based on '' so that it can amplify the story as needed . It 's a valiant effort , but it never fully rescues the film .
A much stronger film than the familiar disaster-movie treatment of its trailers suggests .
Scenes run on and on , begging to be trimmed so that this cinematic vessel can become one tight ship .
The life-and-death moments keep it afloat .
The heroism of that small-boat crew from 1952 deserves a special film . This is not it .
Before scoffers scoff , realize that this tale of nautical derring-do has several things going for it to counteract the inherent obviousness of the material .
This thrilling adventure is periodically interrupted by a feeble romantic subplot .
A rather breathtaking two hours . Well done .
Buoyed by the performances of Pine and Affleck as working-class schlubs who are n't heroes , just men doing their very difficult job .
In a way , the movie 's driving dramatic force is not conflict . It 's nobility .
Plunges full-on into wall-to-wall CG , the digital effects dwarfing the human heroics in a mess of blurry , choppy images
The Finest Hours chugs along with purpose , but could have been a much more thrilling rescue if it had a tighter focus on the seafaring action .
A film that feels old-fashioned in its delivery but is also enormously exciting in its execution .
The Finest Hours is all about action , suspense , and tension , and it rarely lets its audience down on any of those accounts .
It 's a movie made for the kind of audiences who feel that movies are n't made for them anymore - you know who you are . If you go , you might want to bring a raincoat .
The drama is almost stillborn , thanks to a slow , deadly dull romantic preface , and it 's subverted by incessant switching between spectacular struggles on the Atlantic and generic anxieties on shore .
The dialogue is often clunky , but director Craig Gillespie has smartly directed the actors not to push it .
`` The Finest Hours '' is set in the early '50s . But did it really need to feel like it was made during the Eisenhower era ?
This film is barely seaworthy , but it gets us where we 're going .
numbed and nonsensical
Set in 1952 , and apart from the CGI it might have been made then , given the surfeit of clichés reflective of pictures from the Eisenhower era ... like its nondescript title , it 's underwhelming despite the size of those billowing CGI waves .
The real reason they do n't make them like this these days is that the creators of blockbusters have forgotten that the loss of life is a tragedy , and that seeing it saved is more edifying than seeing it snuffed .
On the waves , the film finally finds its sea legs and delivers an old-school adventure based on a heroic deliverance that deserves its day in the sun .
Bland , family-friendly entertainment that was once a Hollywood standard .
Rescues at sea , New England accents , maritime clichés ... what 's not to love ?
` The Finest Hours ' is a rousing , old-fashioned tale of remarkable heroism and grit .
The Finest Hours ... splits in two much like the wounded vessel at its heart . There 's the film that 's set on the sea and much of that is pretty terrific ... And then there 's the film set on land , and that one runs aground .
Thrilling , suspenseful and captivating while remaining grounded in humanism . Holliday Grainger gives a truly radiant breakthrough performance . It 's the first must-see movie of 2016 .
From the first gentle meeting of its hero and heroine to the last line of dialogue , `` The Finest Hours '' executes all the traditional moves beautifully .
Decidedly old-fashioned , The Finest Hours nonetheless shines as a `` take it for granted '' special effects adventure with just enough character development to make us care about the outcome .
Somewhere in here , there 's a pretty decent movie .
If this is indeed one of the greatest rescues in Coast Guard history , then its cinematic equivalent deserves the same .
The script embraces certain character archetypes wholeheartedly -LRB- pig-headed crew mate ; ramrod-stiff officer -RRB- and not always successfully . Yet the tone , the mood of the picture , with its desaturated color palette , maintains the right atmosphere .
The appeal of `` Finest Hours '' ca n't be its suspense , but its execution . What happens is important , but more important is how it happens and whom it happens to .
The ocean-set peril grows monotonous , and the attempts to infuse Grainger 's worry-girl role with some agency and dramatic urgency are noble , but largely unsuccessful .
The rescue drama The Finest Hours rocks the boat in terms of blizzard-blitzed sea thrills but leaves you cold with its side love story .
-LSB- Pine is -RSB- the movie 's finest special effect-not because he plays Webber as mindlessly brave but because he lets us see how scared he is .
Elements are effective , only demanding a more cohesive , eventful story that 's sturdy enough to merge heroics with heart .
The storm effects are first-rate , immersive all the way . The tale-telling ability of director Craig Gillespie is frustratingly inconsistent .
`` The Finest Hours '' never departs from a tried-and-true formula , but that 's one of its quaint charms .
The movie delivers the expected excitement , slathered in an uplifting score and a few platitudes about courage .
The Finest Hours has some great elements to it , but overall it 's a mildly interesting film .
It may take a bit to really get going , but once it does it is a worthwhile journey .
An imperfect but likeable crowd-pleaser , it 's the sort of old-fashioned bit of storytelling one might expect from Disney . That proves to be both a good thing and a bad thing .
One can easily understand why this story swiftly became Coast Guard legend ... but its dim wall-of-grey visuals and narrative longueurs make much of the two hours a challenge to the attention span for viewers of any age .
Chris Pine gives his finest performance in an old fashioned tale of stoic , seafaring heroism
The whole cast and crew all put in a solid shift at the office making the movie , producing a perfectly entertaining , sometimes quite well-crafted disaster drama that nonetheless retreats from the memory almost as soon as the credits roll .
It 's a good film , but one that never quite inspires in the way it could have .
The Finest Hours will win over the most cynical viewers-if the studio can persuade them to see it .
The movie 's all ship , no crew . We get lots of effects , but little emotion . We 're awash in spectacle - car crashes , sinking tankers , storm-tossed boats - but the human element is mostly forgotten .
Casey Affleck commands the screen .
A square journey through choppy waters , The Finest Hours boasts a Greatest Generation nostalgia so thoroughgoing it might as well be called Boys Becoming Men .
A technician and resident cucumber cool braniac , Casey Affleck 's Ray is not just the crews ' savior but is played by the only performer doing anything interesting .
A visually-captivating and remarkably-moving recreation of what , to this day , remains the most daring Coast Guard rescue on record .
While its first-act romance has a sweetly nostalgic , Andy Hardy glow , and its high-seas action sequences are mildly thrilling , The Finest Hours ultimately feels too harmless and predictable to fully surrender to .
Gillespie is n't able to conjure a stirring cinematic experience . The pieces do n't fuse so much as fit together , and much of the action feels instructive rather than immersive .
The climactic rescue sequence has tension and some thrills , but it 's over fairly quickly and the film settles back into a sentimental lull .
We 're told that a certain action is impossible , until it is n't , or that a certain thing would never happen , and then it does , so even with all those lives on the line , the movie ca n't effectively build up stakes or consequences .

@highlight

Old-fashioned to a fault , The Finest Hours will satisfy those seeking a traditional rescue drama - but may leave more adventurous viewers wanting more .