The really sad part is that Josh Brolin is great as Jonah ...
It 's popcorn-chomping fun rooting for the soul-stripped Hex as he battles his way toward redemption and sweet , sweet payback .
It 's a little too brief to get bored exactly , but it 's certainly long enough to get frustrated at the lack of the essential ingredients to get the audience engaged in its story .
It 's a standard Western revenge tale dressed up with supernatural elements .
The mark of a good actor is being good in a really bad movie . Josh Brolin is a really , really good actor , because most of the time he 's on screen speaking you can almost forget what a loathsome , irredeemable , turd of a film Jonah Hex is .
When it works , which it does quite often , it 's one of the better comic book adaptations of recent years .
Seems almost calculated meticulously to suck the life out of its audience as much as humanly possible ...
The film is simply too brief , too befuddled and too delirious to do the comic book legend justice .
An awful excuse for cinema that ultimately fails in nearly every way possible .
... remarkably two-dimensional , showing evidence of having been edited down from something more complex .
To quote Clint Eastwood 's Monco in For A Few Dollars More , you people need a new sheriff .
Jonah Kex , Jonah Wrex , Jonah Hax , Jonah Kax , Jonah Thix , Jonah Crox , Jonah Sux .
The film shows its comic-book origins in good ways -LRB- stylish settings -RRB- and bad -LRB- too many scenes end in a gigantic conflagration -RRB- .
Whether it 's the director 's fault or the result of studio meddling , this is a mess of a movie that 's been cut to pieces .
It just gets louder and more nonsensical as it progresses , with Fox shoe-horned into as many scenes as possible .
Almost everything is wrong with it .
Having already bombed big-time in the US , our search for the biggest turkey of 2010 ends right here .
At least it 's relatively short .
It 's a loud and subtle-as-a-sledgehammer assault on the senses , though , at 81 minutes , mercifully short .
-LSB- A -RSB- dull and messy ride through supernatural Clint Eastwood territory .
An object lesson in how not to adapt a comic book . A crushing disappointment .
At 81 minutes with credits , Jonah Hex feels crude , lazy and entirely perfunctory .
thin , dull , messy story that 's short but feels much longer . It 's all flashy explosions and effects and no substance .
Scarcely even feature length , and bewilderingly chaotic .
There 's plenty of bangs for your buck -- check out the dynamite-heavy ambush of a steam locomotive in the opening sequence .
Has obviously been hacked to pieces and is hampered by lazy supporting performances , several utterly pointless scenes and the fact that all the violence happens offscreen .
There 's the germ of a great idea in this premise , but it 's flattened by sledgehammer direction that smashes any possibility out of each scene .
Jonah Hex could be bigger , louder and longer , with more special effects and faster cutting , but it errs on the side of simplicity . And to that , let 's all raise a shotglass .
There 's just one ingredient missing : anyone with a clue .
Jonah Hex is n't necessarily a bad film , it 's just nothing at all .
Jonah Hex misfires . Repeatedly .
Yes , it squanders its Sergio Leone-worthy source material , but it 's a surprisingly entertaining disaster -- a sort of Concorde-New Horizons picture for the new millennium .
A horse opera with a hex .
The bad and the ugly are both covered , with a main character that has a scarred face and a deep desire for revenge . As for the good ? That 's more of a hit-or-miss proposition .
80 some odd minutes of bland , boring , tedious nonsense . Utterly inept and squandering potential at every opportunity , the only ` interesting ' thing the film has going for it is an ending that is totally bizarro , terribly conceived and bafflingly stupid .
What do you get when you make a movie out of a comic book that 's not worth reading ?
When making a feature film based on a Western horror comic , -LRB- do n't -RRB- remove it from the Old West , sanitize the horrific bits , and mistake the term `` comic '' for the funny kind .
John Malkovich and Josh Brolin are too good for the sloppy , overripe Jonah Hex .
Jonah Hex is one big rush , but not in the positive sense .
... a seriously uneven missed opportunity ...
Scripted by Crank scribes Mark Neveldine and Brian Taylor , and starring a game Josh Brolin , this probably looked good on paper .
Distinct from its various narrative failings , this DC comic book adaptation is most notable for how skimpy and curiously under-sketched it feels .
Embarrassing for everyone involved .
A sprawling , incoherent mess of a movie , all style -LRB- bad -RRB- , no substance -LRB- worse -RRB- , and capturing little if any of DC 's Seventies-era mucho mojo .
Had it been available to him , Max Bialystock would have opted for this as his guaranteed flop rather than Springtime for Hitler .
All three of you clamoring for a sequel to Wild Wild West have got your wish .
It 's enough to make you want to kill the film reels , bring them back to life and then kill them again .
A badly disfigured hero and a cliched heart of gold heroine are wrapped up in an inane plot . It makes you wonder just why did they make this movie ?
Josh Brolin grits half his teeth for the whole movie . I just ca n't tell if he 's doing it to stay in character , or because he 's disgusted with everyone else 's effort in the film .
Who needs a story that makes sense when it 's only camp that you 're after ?
`` Jonah Hex '' is a movie missing every element of what makes a movie . It 's a gritty comic book adaptation without the grit . It has characters without character in a story without storytelling .
Only the idiosyncratic Warner Brothers would give us a wide-release summer movie that turns out to be an acid western .
a lot of money , a lot of time , and a lot of pyrotechnics to deliver a tiny little fizzle of a flick .
As inane , sloppily edited , painfully awkward and unintentionally funny as an Uwe Boll film .
You wo n't be blown away but if it 's your thing , you will be entertained .
Instead of a really good villain , you get ... ` I 'm shooting you because it says in the script I 'm supposed to shoot you now . '
There is n't a single reason to see this movie .
At times it is as if JONAH HEX was shot twice , and the editors could not decide which pieces to use , so they intercut both of them .
Jonah Hex is not a good movie . Not by a long shot ... But that did n't stop me from having a hell of a lot of fun watching it .
Begins affably enough as a random slew of Leone-style squint-a-thons and shoot-outs but then loses it way in a dopey , anachronism-happy sci-fi plot .
Jonah Hex is a no doubt a bad film . That said , it has enough good elements to make you realize that it could have been awesome .
It reexamines assumptions of good and evil-morality tale vs , trite entertainment-by confronting the hideous compromises people make with social conventions and their own desperation .
The most chopped up , stitched together Frankenstein job in recent memory .
Awful and intolerably tedious , everyone connected with this abomination should hang their heads in shame .
All I know is , the end could n't come fast enough .
There 's a Director 's Cut version of Jonah Hex , right ? Because this film feels like a series of bullet points disguised as a feature film .
Calling Jonah Hex a waste of time requires qualification , given the action flick weighs in at 82 minutes .
Bracingly inept .
Director Jimmy Hayward fails to establish a viable reason for this movie to exist .
It is n't just that no effort is expended on old-fogey ideas like character development ; it 's more that Hayward does n't even try to make individual scenes make sense .
I think Jonah Hex could have exceeded 80 minutes to make room for some real visual invention . And three-dimensional characters . And a plot . A plot would have been nice .
Though it has bad word of mouth , `` Jonah Hex '' is generally better , sprier and more diverting than most of the action flicks now playing , The A-Team included .
The movie is laughable , but it 's not funny , not even in a camp way .
Jonah Hex is cut-and-paste filmmaking at its crudest .
If Hex can talk to the dead , then he 's probably the only one -LRB- apart from Ned the Pie Man -RRB- who could have any meaningful interaction with this movie .
It 's hard to have any thoughts while watching Jonah Hex -- the cranium-crushing soundtrack takes care of that .
An intriguing comic-book hero is left stranded in a half-baked film adaptation that bears the marks of severe post-production tinkering .
With a total running time that barely hits 80 minutes , it 's hard to believe they even paid -LSB- John -RSB- Malkovich and -LSB- Megan -RSB- Fox to show up .
Compelling plot and character development get lost somewhere between explosion No. 1 and explosion No. 78 , but the film certainly satisfies the popcorn quotient for summer cinema .
It 's not going to rock your world , but if you 're comfortable with the comic style and the super weapons/crazy guns that would have blown the minds of any Civil War soldier , the action will keep you entertained .
Despite all the state-of-the-art weaponry , it 's a total misfire .
Jonah Hex is not a good movie , but it 's a great cautionary tale about what happens when a film loses its way .
It plays like a film that 's not done yet , as if the editor hated watching it repeatedly and simply refused to finish .
The gifted Josh Brolin is totally wasted in this misguided , messy , disjointed and tedious action-adventure-western
A lumpy soup of western action and supernatural shenanigans , heavily spiced with narrative confusion .
Slight but sluggish , murky but not effectively dark , Jonah Hex is caught in a limbo rather like its hero 's .
Jonah Hex ' is an exercise in silliness designed to rob you of $ 10 .
You can surely tell this movie has been passed through the editing bay one too many times .
Why , in the name of all that is campy , ca n't a movie featuring a dynamite-loaded crossbow just have some fun ?
Hex has a direct line to the cemetery , able to unearth old acquaintances for some good old-fashioned catch-up time . Whoa , pardner ... is this paranormal activity or merely Facebook , circa 1876 ?
If this represents the true vision of director Jimmy Hayward , then I have only one question : What was he thinking ?
Jonah Hex may not be the longest 81 minutes you ever spend , but it might well be the most tedious .
The Western , with its code of short tempers and cheap life , sprang from the Civil War , but few Westerns connect the dots to demonstrate how the war must have created hollow nihilists the way Jonah Hex does .
If all you want is a bullets-and-bombs B-movie , you 'll get your money 's worth : Somehow , Hayward makes 82 minutes feel like hours .
The issues that happened behind the camera , including the original directors leaving the project , are extremely obvious in the final product . The film is a complete disaster .
In the comic book tradition , the story weaves between the real and the mythical , but it 's a very boozy trip . Brolin 's intermittent voice-over narration proves to be the most powerful stuff , with the rest curiously sputtering .
In Jonah Hex , Josh Brolin plays a Wild West bounty hunter who can talk to dead people . So how come he could n't yank the film 's director out of his coma ?
Not that anyone should confuse this with a good movie , but it features plenty of violence , plus Megan Fox in a corset . For action fans , that 's entertainment .
Brolin strides around talking to the dead and destroying things , mostly the good will he garnered after surprising everyone with No Country for Old Men and W.
-LSB- Brolin -RSB- is done in by the deathless mediocrity of the production , an assemblage of random camera shots , messy editing , redundant scenes , and witless dialogue as haphazardly stitched together as the flesh on Jonah Hex 's face .
It 's the latest in a long , stinking line of graphic-novels adapted to the screen in the wake of the huge , surprise success of Zack Snyder 's far superior 2006 effort `` 300 . ''
Everyone seems to be sleepwalking through this film . Except for Megan Fox , who is such a terrible actress that she could n't even act like she 's sleepwalking .
Jonah Hex lost its way long before it hit the screen , laboring mightily to deliver a threadbare collection of postmortem detritus .
I liked it so much , I really want to see the rest of it . It ca n't really be a 75 minute movie , right ?
A quintessential paycheck movie , made not because someone had a terrific vision for how to adapt the story but because a studio owned the rights and thought they could make some cash from it .
Although it 's got the shortest running time of anything we 've seen all year , Jonah Hex does n't feel so much snappily paced as it does rushed and disjointed .
The filmmakers try to squeeze action from their trampling of a genre .
At just under 90-minutes this is still something of a tough slog , and as much as I enjoyed Brolin , Fassbender and the occasional bit here and there as a whole this is one picture that 's shot so full of holes it 's dead and buried long before the climax .
Jonah Hex would hate this movie . He would make fun of this movie .
This comic book adaptation is an ill-defined mess of a film that attempts to shoehorn its character into a superhero `` origin story '' with vague hints of the supernatural .
Easily a front runner for one of the worst mainstream releases of the year . -LRB- Parental Review also Available -RRB-
The only people who deserve to see Jonah Hex are Hitler and the CEO of British Petroleum .
You could do worse than this and if you have been going to the movies this summer with any regularity , you most likely already have .
Jonah Mess
Yes , it 's true ... Jonah sux .
The lean story-telling works well for its taciturn characters and spare settings , presented by cinematographer Amundsen , and well scored with assistance from Mastodon .
a grindingly dull western-revenge-supernatural-terrorist-save-the-world mishmash that fails on every level . Did I ask why Megan Fox is here ?
Opening the same day as Toy Story 3 and an alternative for those who prefer their movies dark , no sugar , this likewise cowboy fantasy tackled a long taboo subject : The post-traumatic stress link between dirt poor Confederate grunts and Viet vets .
What can you say about a film where John Malkovich ca n't work up any enthusiasm for playing a villain ?
This looked to be a priority project by Warner Bros. at one point -- that is until cash spigot got turned off . The special effects are really cheesy , even by comic-book standards .
Darkman and The Quick and the Dead -- the two Sam Raimi films Jonah Hex most wants to be .
Some movies seem so blatant an effort to appeal to a specific target audience that they ought to come with a viewers ' advisory warning .
At 70 minutes sans credits , it gets in , does its business , and gets out as fast as it can . It 's as if the studio knows what they 've made is n't very good and want to spare paying audiences with the least amount of pain possible .
Calls to mind two of the worst westerns of the past thirty years ... The problem is n't that the movie is moody and morose ; it 's that it 's flat and tedious .
There 's just nothing there ; JONAH HEX is soulless .
While Jonah Hex has its moments , it 's ultimately yet another disappointing comic book adaptation .
It 's just too bad the movie did n't indulge its spookier , supernatural elements more , instead of relying on action movie cliches .
This is industrially processed entertainment at it cheapest , nastiest and greasiest .
Josh Brolin does the pizza-faced bounty hunter justice , but pretty much everyone else involved -- including Megan Fox -- lets him down .
Although Josh Brolin rises to the occasion , much of this comic book adaptation appears to have been abandoned on the cutting-room floor .
The film 's noisy , slam-bang approach and lack of imagination in all nonvisual departments will keep it from rounding up a fresh generation of thrill-seekers .
The movie began life as a macabre postbellum western for DC Comics . Now it 's lumbering action-camp following a video game plot .
completely forgettable
Mercifully fleet and lamentably uninteresting ...
Every once in a while , a film limps into theaters so stitched together , it 's a wonder it does n't rip apart in the projector . Jonah Hex is such a film .
Glossy and gutted , Jonah Hex turns the cowboy with a melted mouth into a grunting moviegoing chore . But at least it 's a ridiculously short chore .
Take the intriguing premise of a punk-rock Western based on a graphic novel , populate it with a good cast , add striking visuals and you come up with ... a real mess .
It 's based on some DC Comics characters , which may explain the way the plot jumps around . We hear a lot about graphic novels , but this is more of a graphic anthology of strange occult ideas .
Gives Hollywood an excuse not to make more Westerns , just as it 's bad for the future of graphic novel adaptations ... save your money and buy the trades .
So short , and so bad , you cringe at the thought of how awful whatever ended up on the cutting-room floor must be .
Seventy-three minutes , not counting the end credits . It may take longer driving to and from the theater ... Normally such brevity is welcome , especially with Westerns since Kevin Costner already thinned our patience , three hours at a time .
Jonah Hex definitely appears to be making itself up as it goes along .
Here 's how you know Josh Brolin has become a movie star : Jonah Hex may not be much with him , but without him ? Perish the thought .
The film runs about 72 minutes in between the credits ; it unfolds like a kid not understanding what he 's reading but turning the page anyway .
Jonah Hex is a good performance and a few good lines buried in a script whose authors should do a little time in writer 's hell for scribbling it .



@highlight

Josh Brolin gives it his best shot , but he ca n't keep the short , unfocused Jonah Hex from collapsing on the screen .