This brutally basic , frighteningly exciting thriller from Indonesia will jolt you out of the jaded zone .
-LSB- Redemption -RSB- is a relentless , bloody , brutal action movie , with successive scene after scene of balls-to-the-wall-style choreographed violence .
Incredible fist-pumping fight scenes .
The Raid thrives on a passion for extreme cinema that is rooted more in the universal taste for blood and butchery .
A triumph of fight choreography , spatial relations and precious little else .
Hollywood is particularly unsuited to producing sensation cinema these days .
My only complaint about The Raid is that it ended .
You really have an obligation to see it to witness what has a legitimate claim of being the best action film of all time .
Gareth Huw Evans does n't swipe plot points as much as organically build a taut , expertly choreographed heir to urban mayhem fantasies
Action so relentless , the stuntmen probably asked for stuntmen .
The movie `` Dredd 3D '' should have been .
Hyped as one of the most thrilling and enjoyable action movies to come along in the last decade , this is one of the rare occasions where the hype is actually well deserved .
The Raid is a martial arts movie of such ferocious pace , you 'll swear you 're watching it on the wrong speed . A shaken-up energy drink of a movie , once unleashed it fizzes out of the can , leaving you adrenalized - and sticky .
The Raid : Redemption is simply the best action movie of the last decade . Director Gareth Evans films the combat with a trained eye to maximize the intensity and entertainment .
`` The Raid : Redemption '' will be most successful for people with A.D.D. or just generally short attention spans .
This adrenaline-fuelled spectacle of flying fists , whirling kicks and spurting blood will leave you breathless , exhilarated and shouting for more .
An electrifyingly kinetic and insanely frenetic action flick stacked with a level of violence at which the makers of Grand Theft Auto would marvel .
`` Clever '' may not be the right word for The Raid : Redemption , but it 's certainly economical , compact , and potent .
The rawest and most intense action spectacle we 've seen from any country in years , but it fails to grasp the importance of balancing badassery with at least a little maturity .
An unstoppable wrecking ball of an action film that signals the action genre is alive and well ...
The Raid : Redemption boasts an outstanding showcase of martial arts and stuntwork . The story might be thin , and the fighting a little repetitive , but The Raid is a knockout low-budget actioner .
-LSB- T -RSB- his is undeniably kinetic and definitely the work of a filmmaker with incredible action chops .
Film critics across the world have been raving about The Raid but are they raving mad ? It may be visually dazzling but ultimately is more like a bloodthirsty video game than a great movie .
That the action is vivid and for the most part , unrelenting , is indisputable , but the brain , consistently pummelled as it witnesses bloody orgy after bloody orgy , is undernourished in all other respects .
An action movie so relentlessly exciting and brutal that watching it will leave you feeling black-and-blue and breathless .
Evans , who 's clearly an admirer of Walter Hill , John Woo , John Carpenter and John McTiernan , maintains a fierce pace that never lets up .
Possibly the best John Woo film that John Woo never made , The Raid is a skull-splintering slice of wish fulfillment .
-LSB- T -RSB- his is n't a movie so much as a series of martial-arts duels strung together along the flimsiest of narrative threads .
I absolutely loved it .
Throughout the running -LRB- and jumping -RRB- time , the increasingly contrived action gets more violent , more intense and more outrageous .
It 's early days yet , and there are still some excellent films to come , but already I think I 've found my film of the year .
The Raid is a film for which the adjective `` awesome '' might have been invented , but it 's so awesomely awesome you might want to teach it some new words .
The Raid is fun of a kind : the kind liked by the brainless everywhere and by the intelligent in moments of elective brainlessness , such as a drunken Saturday night .
Guaranteed to be a word-of-mouth hit . Expect to be introducing people to The Raid for years to come .
The stunts , set pieces and overall mayhem ca n't be faulted . The cast are so energetic , the deaths so silly and the fun so unapologetic that that 's enough .
The Raid is completely deranged - and completely superb .
The action is very well staged but it 's no substitute for genuine suspense .
Get your mates together and bear witness to an instant action movie classic .
Superbly shot , fast paced and thrillingly staged , this is a pulse pounding , non-stop action fest that marks both writer-director Evans and ass-kicking star Uwais out as future talents to watch .
For now , count ` The Raid ' alongside the likes of Peter Jackson 's ` Bad Taste ' or Guillermo del Toro 's ` Mimic ' : a talented young filmmaker flexing his muscles , stating his intent , and promising better things in the future .
For all its vigour , The Raid is another film that subscribes to fight choreography reminiscent of a video game aesthetic .
Remember your first time with Hard Boiled ? Die Hard ? This is how it 's done - a clean , hard , constant hit of adrenalin .
-LRB- T -RRB- he entire movie plays like a pair of defibrillator paddles , jolting us out of our typical genre malaise .
It is ` cine-sadism ' at its finest . Hits hurt ; sweat drips ; blood spatters ; machetes slice ; bones crunch and break ; you 'll gasp , you 'll laugh , you 'll applaud and you 'll want to marvel at it again .
The movie gets a little slow when it settles down for some routine dialogue or plot development , but it 's never more than a couple minutes before break time is over and it 's back to the insane fighting stunts .
Strong on the martial arts skills but weak on the acting and screenplay
The Raid is short , tough , and offers exactly the kind of pumped-up kicks that die-hard action fans adore .
... all you could want if you like this sort of thing .
How high is the body count ? So high that most cast members are identified in the end credits by numeral : ` Hole Drop Attacker # 8 , ' ` Riot Van Shooter # 3 , ' ` Tama 's Victim # 5 , ' and so on .
Grindhouse action flick needs more redeeming qualities
Comes up way short in the fun department
-LSB- By -RSB- the time it was over , I felt as bruised and battered as its beleaguered hero , almost wishing the publicist had a brought along a stretcher so I could be wheeled out on it instead of walking into the sunlight on my own accord .
If blood and guts martial arts action is your thing , this is as close to nirvana as it gets .
The action is fresh and intensely interesting . Indeed , future martial arts flicks will be judged and compared to the style and quality of `` The Raid : Redemption . '' It 's that good .
-LRB- T -RRB- he entire movie plays like a pair of defibrillator paddles , jolting us out of our typical genre malaise .
Director Gareth Huw Evans uses the confined halls and apartments to create some staggering acrobatics and choreographed mayhem that will have you applauding the stamina and talent of his giant team of stunt fighters .
Pure , unadulterated , uncut action -- it 's like cocaine for adrenaline addicts .
People in the audience was hooting and hollering , cheering and applauding the most outrageous kills , the most crazed action scenes . And this was at a PRESS screening .
A head-spinning , heart-pounding , 101-minute fusillade of punching , kicking , stabbing , slashing , cracking , crunching , gouting and spurting .
`` The Raid : Redemption '' is built on shaky and blood-soaked ground , but if towering technique is all you want from an action movie , then yippee-ki-yay .
Lots of action movies hand out 3-D glasses at the door , but tickets for `` The Raid : Redemption '' should come with a defibrillator .
The Raid does a good job of introducing Uwais ' talents to the world . Now he just needs to be in a movie whose storytelling is as solid as his moves .
If most martial arts films feel like an over-spiced appetizer lacking any complementary flavors , then this movie is more of a complete meal .
One fiercely entertaining action film .
Evans does n't bother much with story or character development , instead making his film a kind of brutal ballet .
About 30 minutes into this Indonesian shoot-and-slash - 'em - up someone grabs an ax , and the fun really begins . Not so much in the body count but the panache of the violence , the ingenuity of execution , in both senses of that word .
Primarily an action picture -- albeit a very well made one that has wandered over into the area of art-house hit owing to both craftsmanship and subtitles .
Bring some Dramamine . I mean ... it 's worth it . But bring some Dramamine .
That even after no less than three viewings the energy jolt and excitement does n't lose any of its visceral charge is a sure sign that not only is this one emma effing hell of a thrill ride , but one emma effing hell of a great achievement in filmmaking .
The movie is a gory free-for-all , a horror film dressed up as an action film , and it 's as pure a shot of adrenaline as any Tarantino fan could wish for .
Because Welsh-born director Gareth Evans has an especially good understanding of how to choreograph and stage the fight scenes , this comes across as a viscerally enjoyable experience .
... a movie that 's so in-your-face violent you come out of the theater feeling like it has smashed your head against the wall for an hour and 40 minutes .
Action junkies who ca n't get enough hacking , chopping , and slashing will come out satiated , but others may very well start feeling numb by the last half hour , beaten down by hundreds of colliding body parts , impalements , lacerations , and yelling
`` The Raid : Redemption '' is sheer action ecstasy .
Die Hard goes condo in The Raid : Redemption , a frenzied Indonesian action movie whose action credentials are through the roof .
This is the best action film in years , one that does n't muck around in terms of getting things cracking and barely lets up for its running time .
A seriously well made , kick-ass martial-arts action movie that fans of the genre will absolutely adore .
I wonder what 2012 film will have the sixth best action sequence . ` The Raid ' will own the top five spots in a landslide . What a great action flick .
The Raid : Redemption is crack cocaine for action junkies like myself . It delivers an intense euphoric high that just makes you want to immediately go out and experience it again .
The Raid : Redemption definitely delivers everything that international action fans want . The question I have is whether the laws of supply and demand are adequate tools for evaluating a movie 's worth .
Nothing-special Indonesian actioner .
The high does n't last for very long , but when The Raid finds its happy place as a concussion factory , it 's breathtaking , leaving namby-pamby American product in the dust .
This is the sort of film for which the phrase ` movie-movie ' was coined -- and coined as a term of highest praise .
Raw , rough and relentless , it just keeps coming at you .
The film is a sort of high-speed demolition derby except with human actors . It is 100 percent highly concentrated whoop-ass , and it is sensational .
It 's more like an Ultimate Fighting Championship than a movie .
Everything that American directors do wrong in action movies , Gareth Huw Evans does right in this cop thriller .
As midnight-movie mash-ups go , it 's pretty amazing .
`` Boy '' is a genuine family film with the title character an excellent role model for kids .
Already buoyed by festival buzz , it 's sure to be received with enthusiasm by genre devotees , and word of mouth has the potential to turn it into a bona fide box office sleeper .
... with a simple tale of two brothers on opposite sides of the law amidst police corruption , a stunning sound design and frenetic pace , `` The Raid : Redemption '' is an exhilarating piece of genre filmmaking .
Contains some of the most fluid , and forceful fight scenes in cinema history , flawlessly shot and edited by Welsh-Indonesian savant Gareth Evans .
An action extravaganza in a high-rise that makes ` Die Hard ' look like a walk in the park .
The Raid , about as pure an action film as you 're ever likely to see , wants to have its cake and eat it , too . It does .
The Raid : Redemption is a film of modest ambitions , but it does accomplish what it sets out to do : leave the audience as exhausted and exhilarated as the combatants onscreen .
Extraordinary stunt and fight work and nonstop excitement , but a warning to those who are at all squeamish : this may be the most violent movie I 've ever seen .
It is ballet with bloodshed , more jaw-dropping than any large-scale battle
The bloody violence is so expertly choreographed that it 's practically poetic .
A feature-length compilation of bone-crunching fights revolving around a rather generic good-against-evil plot with the intensity cranked up so high that just watching it is almost a physically exhausting experience .
It 's an aggressive , adrenaline-fueled success in so many ways that it might make you like recent Hollywood action films less than you remembered . They were n't this powerful , super-charged , or generally remarkable .
... imagine what a competent filmmaker , a John McTiernan or a Peter Hyams , say , could have accomplished with this material ...
Writer/director Gareth Evans single handily atones for the crimes of every lame action film pumped out of the studio system and crafts one of the greatest martial arts films of all time .
The entire thing is so vague , at times it feels like a sequel to a movie we never saw ; surely , there 's something we 're missing here , right , some backstory we 're supposed to have ?
After too many bloated Hollywood spectacles , the joltingly energetic The Raid : Redemption feels like an action film distilled to its essence .
The action is brutal , bloody and virtually nonstop in this adrenaline-packed riff on `` Assault on Precinct 13 . ''
The hardest-working guy on this film had to be the foley artist , the technician responsible for figuring out what it sounds like to have both knees and elbows snapped , in rapid succession .
Impressive , more-often-than-not brutal fight choreography .
A slam-bang , knock-your-socks-off action bonanza with some of the most peerlessly shot , performed and choreographed fight sequences you 're likely to see on screen .
Listen , just watch the doggone movie .
It 's claustrophobic , tense , ultraviolent -- and fun .
Grindingly monotonous , a blur of thudding body blows .
Unapologetically brutal and unencumbered by much plot , Raid is the year 's most turbo-charged film , an Indonesian martial-arts movie that ups the violence by giving its characters a modern-day worldview - and weaponry .
This electrifying movie is n't just a collection of gory moments . It actually goes somewhere .
It 's exhausting but exhilarating .
relentless ... a pressure cooker of action movie endurance
This is a film that serves as a reminder of just how wonderfully cinematic violence can be .
I love that a film this gory secured the same Motion Picture Association of America rating as `` The King 's Speech . ''
To summarize The Raid : Redemption in one word : ` Yahhhhhhhhhh !!! '
It 's hard to imagine any action fan walking out of The Raid feeling in any way unsatisfied .
It 's a surge of adrenaline that connects a strong protagonist and story to martial arts moves - traditional Indonesian silat - that are well beyond business as usual .
I am dismayed . I have no prejudice against violence when I find it in a well-made film . But this film is almost brutally cynical in its approach .
`` The Raid : Redemption '' will offer a full meal to action-starved moviegoers , but strike most others as -- for all its athletic dynamism -- lacking nutrition .
-LSB- It -RSB- makes The Expendables look like 12 Angry Men .
As a dark , grimy journey deep into the belly of the underworld , The Raid is breathtaking and terrifying .
The Raid confronts the nature of movie violence and comes to grim conclusions , but it also makes peace with the inherent appeal of the genre .
One drawback to all the carnage , though , is it becomes a bit one-note after a while ... It 's exhilarating , but Evans leaves himself nowhere to go ; subsequent beat-ups employ much the same stunt choreography , sound design and directorial tricks .
Writer/director Gareth Evans ' full throttle guns-n-fisticuffs Indonesian action flickis a hardcore bloke fest .
Lean , fast-moving , and filled with game-changing fight sequences that have a brutally beautiful -LRB- or beautifully brutal -RRB- quality , Gareth Evans 's Indonesian martial-arts film The Raid : Redemption lives up to its viral hype .
For now , Evans can take pride in the fact that he 's set the bar for cinemayhem impossibly high .
Mindless , visceral enteratinment , The Raid showcases Evans ' considerable technical and visual skills : You can see this campy , potentially midnight flick out of sequence and still get it .
Gareth Evans has delivered one of the most stirring action films in eons with The Raid , a relentlessly brutal and endlessly enjoyable flick that never runs out of inventive ways to kill people .
Gareth Evans has delivered quite the action thriller with The Raid . Its premise is brilliant in its simplicity , its hero worthy of our cheers and villains deserving of our fear and scorn . Shaky cam is dead . Long live this new era of action cinema .
An extraordinary endurance test for audiences , with silat -LRB- Indonesian -RRB- martial arts action that is more protracted , more violent and more authentically staged than anything I have seen in the genre
The sheer spectacle of what the incredibly talented cast and crew have managed to achieve with their low-budget , high-ambition action flick absolutely deserves to be enjoyed on the big screen .
Gareth Evans 's mostly no-nonsense , floor-by-floor ass-kicking panorama is admirably humble .
An unrelenting , action-packed can of whoop-ass that delivers one of the most fun moviegoing experiences of the past decade .
The fighting seems the same , repeated endlessly and unimaginatively and not different from what scores of such films offer . Without humor or originality , this is straight video game .
100 minutes of nonstop action . Die Hard seems like such a slow-paced drama now that I 've seen The Raid .
An expertly crafted explosion of good old fashioned hand-to-hand-to-machete-to-fist-to-head-to-wall brilliance . A milestone for action cinema .
THE RAID is , quite simply , an absolutely badass film , an instant classic .
Writer/director Gareth Evans 's unapologetically over-the-top martial arts extravaganza sets a new watermark for what audiences can expect from a genre that never gets old .
The minute it 's over you 'll need a nap . And then you 'll want to watch it again .
A surreal , gritty , ultra-violent treat sure to have kung fu movie fans salivating and high kicking in the aisles .
One of those great movies to experience with an audience starved for the kind of action meant to elicit applause like the end of an opera number . The action is certainly stop-and-start throughout , but once it starts there is no way you want it to stop .
The combination of a great premise , brilliantly-inventive direction , incredible fight sequences and spirited performances makes it easy for us to already proclaim that The Raid is the action movie of the year .
Evans proves he 's the real deal with impressive visuals and fast-paced setpieces on par with Guy Ritchie , Park Chan-wook and Quentin Tarantino .
Oh hell yes ! Chalk this bad boy up as a f *** in ` A . One of the best action films to come along in A LONG TIME .
Evans ' film is like nothing else around , an instant cult hit that carries the funky , illicit thrill of the fleapit and serves as an unbeatable reminder of the gloriously disreputable heyday of VHS .
It 's all worked out with deadpan humor and hyper-kinetic style , equal parts playfulness and terse , economical thrills .
an action-lover 's dream , because it pitches the choreography at a thrilling but believable level that prevents viewers from succumbing to an overdose of kicks and punches .
Watch any given 15 minutes of The Raid and you 've pretty much seen The Raid . But why the hell would you only watch 15 minutes ?
It 's easy to forget the story altogether in the sheer rush of Rama 's fight to the top floor ; instead , viewers will wonder how the amazing battle that just ended could possibly be topped . But it is , again and again .

@highlight

No frills and all thrills , The Raid : Redemption is an inventive action film expertly paced and edited for maximum entertainment .