f you 're one of the many nerdy high school boys plagued with unpopularity and pimples , you 'll adore the underdog story of Kick-Ass . But if you 're one of the rest of us , you probably wo n't .
This movie left me feeling warm and glowy inside , which is a pretty neat trick for a subversive , blood-soaked superhero action film .
A tremendously fresh experience .
With its electrifying action sequences , a killer storyline and a maverick comic sensibility , the brilliance of Kick Ass will hit those who want to see it like a thunderbolt .
If you 're not too put-off by lots of violence and profanity , and enjoy a good action-filled popcorn flick , then chances are you 're going to love `` Kick-Ass . ''
If you want to get serious , you could say that Kick-Ass is the movie that could finally drag comic-books into the credible mainstream . But being serious is to miss the point of Kick-Ass completely .
Where do I stand on Kick-Ass ? On the fence , goggling with a mix of appalled fascination and guilty pleasure at the film 's dark comedy and over-the-top violence .
Kick-Ass gains significant momentum in its second half , once it abandons the arch origin-story material and starts staking a claim as a straight-up action flick .
Fast , funny , and a hell of a lot of fun , Vaughn 's film does , indeed , live up to the brash punch of its title .
... It feels fresh , with an edge about it that allows you to think anything can happen to any character at any time .
Both its plot and inconsistent message seem little more than an excuse to show us a man explode inside an industrial-strength microwave .
Most of the lessons in Kick-Ass are juvenile , but Lordy are they stylishly told .
Defiantly irreverent and gleefully violent .
The movie just decided that thoughtlessness and splatter was its own reward . I 'm okay with that .
Never has a title been so true , so funny , and so simple as that of Kick-Ass .
Kick-Ass is so refreshingly iconoclastic , it 's a wonder it was made at all .
Kick-Ass is such an exciting , refreshing development in comic book filmmaking that I want to shout it from the rooftops
Kick Ass is about as exciting as movies get . Not just because it is a -LRB- mostly -RRB- anarchic splatter-fest that celebrates -LRB- nay , encourages -RRB- acts of ridiculous violence , but also the fact that it was made completely outside of the studio system .
Forget Thor , Captain America , or anyone else the superhero movie craze has coming our way ; I want more Kick-Ass !
A bait-and-switch movie that lucks out because its switch is so much more appealing than its bait .
Your appreciation will depend in how much you can appreciate it 's utter wrongness as a twisted virtue .
Too often Vaughn oversteps his mark when his stylised use of violence is played out as entertainment , with young Moretz as the main attraction .
America could probably use a good laugh just about now , what with all the problems plaguing this society . But the exploitation of children even if they are actors and the special effects are occasionally awesome , is way beyond just not cool .
A genre dress-up play date from hell .
What starts out potentially compelling devolves into a lame joke , as resistant to feeling as its hero 's deadened nerves .
Uma diversão atípica : choca e provoca o riso na mesma medida , conseguindo também privilegiar seus personagens sem jamais sacrificar a história .
Finally , a comic-book superhero movie for people who are sick to death of comic-book superhero movies .
A serviceable two hours with some entertaining moments ...
It 's deeply immoral to turn a ten year old girl into The Bride from `` Kill Bill '' and pretend it 's just a cartoon .
Kick-Ass speaks volumes about where our entertainment is heading . We can either take noisy offense or go along for the grisly and giddy ride .
Beware , beware of films designed to tickle Comic Book Guy 's undercarriage
it does n't follow a formula , but ... there is a certain point in the movie where things do start to become a little conventional .
This adaptation of Mark Millar 's comic books has enough biting wit and bone crunching action to justify the title .
This is the good stuff .
This movie made me feel old and out of touch in a way I ca n't quite describe , and while I ca n't imagine that was Vaughn 's ultimate goal if it was to say he succeeded would be super-powered understatement .
No one moment is like any others , and for some this will prove simply exhausting , while for others it will be positively exhilarating .
A pitch-perfect comic book and superhero homage that also works as a supremely enjoyable action film as well as wish fulfillment for wannabe superheroes of all ages
Pour les bonnes et les mauvaises raisons , nous devons bien reconnaître que l'opus de Matthew Vaughn porte fichtrement bien son nom .
Aaron Johnson 's the first real millennial superhero , a twerp with the ego of a titan
Serving as Kick-Ass ' mentor , savior , and inspiration , Hit Girl is a perfect and perverse fantasy -- abused and abusive , tearfully vulnerable and ingeniously cruel .
Za nadati se je kako % u0107e filmski kriti % u010Dari sprije % u010Diti da Kick Ass izazove kobne posljedice po generacije budu % u0107ih Hrvata
When the movie is cool , it 's very , very cool % u2014 and when it 's disturbing , it 's very , very disturbing .
Hit Girl flips like a gymnast , curses like a sailor , kills like a maniac and ignites yet another useful if irresolvable debate on the limits of screen violence , the desensitization of the culture and the wisdom of exploiting children for entertainment .
I found it mighty painful sitting through all the bone crushing and blood-letting .
As long as Kick-Ass remains focused on Dave and his exploits in and out of costume , it remains a clever modern riff on the classic Marvel tale , like watching Peter Parker 's travails reimagined for Napoleon Dynamite . But this is only half the movie .
Kick-Ass is only half right .
The movie gives us good reason to ask why we 've become so accustomed to adults behaving like invulnerable comic-book characters in pretty much every action movie , even those with serious pretensions .
Matthew Vaughn and company turn the super hero image on its ear , reinventing the genre .
The select audience it is aimed for will thoroughly enjoy it while the rest of us will suffer through it .
The best comic book screen adaptation since The Dark Knight !
It is n't terribly good , nor terribly fun , nor terribly anything - not even terribly violent , though you 've probably heard otherwise from an assortment of moral scolds .
Certainly entertaining enough as an action film and it works well enough as a love story , but there are some serious problems with the dramatic portions of the film and its warped moral message .
However the film also has major pacing issues , is pretty damned boring and saddles the audience with the least interesting character in the entire film , Kick-Ass . As a result I felt the film was simply o.k. when it could have been much , much better .
Comic scribe Mark Millar and director Matthew Vaughn 's pitch-black love letter to the genre , Wertham 's greatest fear is fully realized in an irresponsible blitzkrieg of irony-tinged fun .
This film delivers on that fantasy with a world where bad guys are real and superheroes are geeky high school comic-book fans .
The funniest , tongue-in-cheekiest , most outrageous version of a superhero ever .
I know it 's all supposed to be tongue in cheek and lots of fun , but frankly this turned my stomach .
When filmmakers nudge a child into viewing savagery as slapstick , are we not allowing them to do what we condemn in the pornographer -- that is , to coarsen and inflame ?
Kick-Ass is ultra-funny , ultra-silly and ultra-geeky , but what Kick-Ass mostly is , is monumentally cool - this is the film the kids will be swearing about .
Smart , fast-moving , and deadly , this flick makes all the right moves as an adult tale of revenge sparked with black humor that is a hair-trigger removed from tragedy
` Kick-Ass ' OWNS .
With an overload of characters and contrasts and disconnects , Kick-Ass tears itself apart . And that leaves its ultra violence untenable .
... there 's little doubt that Moretz ultimately stands as the film 's most valuable asset ...
Should I be having this much fun watching an 11-year-old destroy her competition ? You know what , I think the answer is yes .
Orgazmo -LRB- minus the Mormons and pornography -RRB- meets Shoot 'Em Up . Fun , not as plausible as you might like , and very , very dark .
Director Matthew Vaughn and writing partner Jane Goldman -LRB- Stardust -RRB- % u2014 who should do more movies % u2014 get the job done with punchy dialogue and pitch-perfect sets and stunts .
Kick-Ass lives up to its name ...
The movie has a high cool quotient for sure , but it also has some substance underneath it all . This is an enormously entertaining film that offers plenty of style , humor , and excitement .
This movie has everything I love , Comedy , Elvis , Heroes , and Over the top Action all executed perfectly . I left the theater giddy with happiness . Best movie of the year .
A kick-ass action flick that feels more like 3D than most of the recent films actually employing the technology yet it also manages to comment on the violent action it creates and celebrates .
It is violent , it is vulgar and the story is off-the-walls at times . But in the end , Kick-Ass is a relentlessly fun , irreverent film that does n't even care to take names .
It 's painted ... like a funny bit of mayhem . That 's really a ruse to get you in to have a really balanced but insane movie experience .
Things start slowly while introducing the characters , but once the explosive action and over-the-top gore-filled violence begin , this movie becomes an unstoppable dynamo .
Gory as a Japanese horror film , action-packed as an early John Woo , hip as prime Tarantino , Matthew Vaughn 's riot of fun and violence , Kick-Ass gains singular laurels in the comic fanboy hall of fame .
An irreverent send-up of comic book movies that 's as hilarious as it is badass .
A rockin ' , rowdy good time - up to a point . For all its alleged edginess , Kick-Ass actually plays it safe .
With a half dozen superhero movies every year that feel as if they were created by a Hollywood blockbuster machine , it 's so refreshing to see one with its own distinct , subversive personality .
Kick-Ass is a movie carefully engineered to appeal to the child in some of us .
After watching very safe PG-13 superhero movies it 's refreshing to see a film that 's made for us chubby , bearded thirtysomethings that still crack open the polyurethane bags .
The longer it goes on , the more revolting it becomes .
On the page and on the screen , Kick-Ass riffs on the wish-fulfillment afforded by tales of derring-do and the ill-advisedness of taking on the task in real life .
An exhilarating , brilliant and outrageously funny thrill ride . It 's one of the most wildly entertaining , rousing and crowd-pleasing action films of the season .
Kick-Ass gives the superhero genre a jolt , but you 'll feel queasy rooting on an 11-year-old killing machine .
Do n't tell the people who will line up to see a tween girl kill bad guys , but Kick-Ass is a lot smarter than it might look .
In its own lunatic way , it seriously grapples with the foundations of the genre .
It 's an extreme dream that hilariously acknowledges its own ridiculousness every step of the way .
Kick-Ass is some kind of twisted fun .
The sensitive will surely faint in horror , but there 's something incredibly thrilling about a little girl who can mow down a room full of big men with big guns .
Everything you 've likely heard about Kick-Ass is true , providing you 've heard it 's profane , outlandish , ultra-violent , shocking , funny and wildly entertaining .
Nicolas Cage is a hoot , a hollar and a fright as Damon Mac ready , a.k.a. Big Daddy . How can he be otherwise ? He 's a good cop gone mad .
While it 's by no means a perfect movie , it often feels like the purest distillation of adolescent male power fantasies ever portrayed on screen .
The film has the courage of its genre convictions . It does n't have even a whiff of market testing . It does everything on its own terms , and in this age of McMansion movies , that 's a super accomplishment .
Simply put , Kick-Ass is a lot of fun , but it 's packed with edgy content .
Fast , periodically spit-funny and often grotesquely violent , the film at once embraces and satirizes contemporary action-film clichés with Tarantino-esque self-regard -- it 's the latest in giggles-and-guts entertainment .
Sitting through `` Kick-Ass '' is like seeing a Tarantino movie for the first time . Terrible things are happening , and yet , somehow , they 're breathtakingly funny .
I expected some comedy , some teen angst , some great stunts , and I got them , oh yes . I did not expect mob bosses , crazed double crosses , intense and squibbulous violence , a classic revenge plot , and a pretty decent little love story.If this is even close t
Amounts to a bunch of clever stuff uselessly circling a void ; a superhero comedy without compelling heroes , villains , or subtext .
Funny and full of energy .
a fun experience and one of the best representations of the genre put to the big screen yet .
Surprisingly , Kick-Ass is the least interesting character in the movie
Here , the power is an extra dose of the hallmarks of adolescence-an affect of ennui about everything but smashing through limits and a sense of irony about everything but sex .
Suggested subtitle : Iron Man , You Just Got Served .
Prepare for amazement : This thing makes Nicolas Cage cool again .
A mosh pit of a comic-book movie that dares you to dive into its anarchy .
The film is post-modern surgery into the superhero myth , driving a scalpel into the warped logic of misanthropic killers who masquerade as civic do-gooders .
Just when you think it is no longer possible to subvert or reinvent an exhausted genre , something like Kick-Ass comes along to blow your presuppositions right out of the water .
-LSB- It -RSB- thinks it 's so brave and bold . But it 's more like the title character , a dweeb who just thinks he 's tough .
A couple of times , I was in the middle of thinking , `` They did not just do that , '' when I had to interrupt my own thoughts to think , `` OK , maybe they did just do it , but they did not just do that , too ! ''
If you 're going to play this game , you have to keep doubling down . Kick-Ass ca n't . The fights never grow in complexity ; halfway through , the director has nothing to add .
Works early on while focusing on Dave 's story , but Big Daddy defines the movie 's unpleasant soul .
Parental Content Review
A film that actually lives up to its title .
An R-rated invitation to get in touch with your inner 8-year-old , `` Kick-Ass '' is some of the most cynical mainstream filmmaking I 've seen lately . From its high-school-dweeb-turned-superhero hero to its foul-mouthed-11-year-old-killing-machine heroine , it 's
A bawdy , bone-crunching , often hilarious , somewhat uneven action comedy brimming with outrageously vulgar jokes .
Taken on its own delightfully twisted terms , it is bold and uncompromising . It knows its audience , and delivers a fable for the ages , deliciously uncensored .
For better or for worse , Kick-Ass has been constructed to shock and awe rather than to support and value deep thought .
It brings together several popular strains of contemporary moviemaking and combines them into one big , shameless , audacious , compulsively watchable , irresistibly likable piece of pure entertainment .
... a pop confection that owes as much to Quentin Tarantino as it does to Mark Millar 's comic book series and its titular hero is n't really very interesting .
The picture 's saving grace is Hit-Girl , an exuberant cinematic original destined to become iconic . Without her , as the saying goes , the makers would have nothing .
Peppering an action flick with comedy is hardly original , but the mocking tone and off-kilter vibe set this film apart . It even has a hearty dose of charm , thanks mostly to the most outrageous performance by a child in recent memory .
It soars , jet-propelled , on its central idea of matching a superhero 's exploits with the grinding reality of urban teen life and on the aerodynamic smoothness of the film 's style .
Vaughn cheerfully mines the queasiness of ... contradiction for satire , but the movie takes the reality of its characters seriously . When good guys die , their loss actually stings .
Kick-Ass stands as an intriguing fantasy of social networking . To achieve superhero status , you simply put up your own Web site , announce it on MySpace and Facebook and you 're on your mythic way .
Vaughn has provided an imperfect but still wickedly hilarious take on Mark Millar 's deconstruction of superhero mythos .
A wonderfully unlikely amalgam of Hong Kong-era John Woo and Shaolin Soccer/Kung Fu Hustle-era Stephen Chow
Kick-Ass is being promoted like Watchmen , from the writer of Wanted , and while it has elements of both , it 's far more purely entertaining than either .
I know this would never happen but Chloe Moretz deserves an Oscar for her performance as Hit-Girl . The film perfectly balances graphic stylized violence with major laughs .
It 's as if all the arguments about these hyper-violent films -- why they are so popular , what they have done to our culture -- are open for business in one convenient location .
You can tell from scene 1 this was made by someone with vision and conviction , willing to risk offending some so he could wow others . This is no film-by-focus-group . Thank God
Kick-Ass is a guilty pleasure of the highest order , a guns-blazing , media-savvy superhero comedy designed to thrill geeks and outrage prudes .
Vaughn has the spirit and storytelling confidence to tweak superhero movies and in the process deliver a comic-book classic equal to the best of the bunch .
A bizarre and ultimately self-sabotaging movie that defies categorization , Kick-Ass is at times cheap and cynical , while in other moments is ingenious and strangely noble .
one of the greatest post-modern superhero movies of all time
Kick-Ass has punk energy , ace action moves , and a winning sense of absurdist fun .
After the deluge of huge , effects-laden superhero blockbusters that has dominated cinemas in the past decade , there 's something pleasing in seeing the modestly budgeted Kick-Ass come out of nowhere to provide more imagination and entertainment than almost
At some point it becomes exactly the big , boneheaded movie it was making fun of in the first place .
A film about wannabes who use attitude and bluster to emulate their inspirations , this ersatz blockbuster ends up seeming a little too much like its heroes .
It 's a star-making role for Moretz , but everyone holds their own even in the face of their biggest enemy : lax pacing that makes this fun film drag and lurch .
This is the ultimate fanboy product .
Memorable performances from Johnson , the terrifically weird Cage and , especially , Moretz as the nimble Hit-Girl , make this an underdog adventure that will have you laughing , gripping your armrest and bursting into applause .
Rarely has a film lived up to its title so well !
By turns scathingly satiric and fan-boy celebratory , ridiculously violent and politically incorrect -LRB- at least when it comes to our notions of childhood -RRB- , Kick-Ass is an absolute hoot .
Knowing , impatient , and prone to shuddering violence as both a substitute for plot and shorthand for exhilaration , Kick-Ass oozes a supreme confidence in the knowledge of its audience .
Give Vaughn his due - bubble-gum black comedy -LRB- from a Mark Millar comic -RRB- is a tough tone to manage , and he mostly hits the mark in Kick-Ass .
Despite flaws and inconsistencies , a geeky teen-superhero flick can be worth seeing .
`` Kick-Ass '' is n't just broken by its flaws ... It 's flawed to start with , a hypocritical mess whose attempts to swagger turn into clumsy stumbling and whose knowing wink blinds it to its own problems .
Lurking beneath the flat panels of this adaptation lies a contemporary and sophisticated message about everything from free will to the ambient morality of popular culture .
The scenario may have pimples , but it does n't need braces .
Funny , unexpectedly violent romp lets a regular kid play superhero for a while .
With a name like Kick-Ass , you know what you 're in for . Or maybe you do n't , and that 's the beauty of this gloriously entertaining superhero satire .
What do these characters consider worthy of killing and dying for ? That a protagonist lacks superpowers is no reason for him to lack motivation , conviction , or purpose .
This is the most brazenly funny bloodbath unleashed on the public since Pulp Fiction .
A particularly timely story about civic-mindedness and the pursuit of fame .
It dwells in some morally hazy netherworld that allows it to be , technically , pretty kick-ass without being all that much fun . Heck , even Bruce Wayne had to go to the ninja academy .
Slick , savvy , ultra-violent send-up , offering a brazen , aptly-named counter-culture diversion .
Kick-Ass is n't dangerous , it 's juvenile ... like hearing a fourth-grader proudly detonate his first F-bomb in front of a teacher while his friends are watching .
The promising setup and rousing climax of Matthew Vaughn 's film contradict each other and we walk away partly exhilarated but more with the nagging feeling that the questions it raises were never fully explored .
What should have come across as a darkly funny riff on the likes of `` Watchmen '' winds up coming across like `` Hero at Large '' with a significantly higher body count .
When a movie 's called `` Kick-Ass '' , the best you can hope for is that it lives up to its name . This one lives up to it , and then kicks its ass .
Kick-Ass slips into a groove most `` real '' comic book movies can only dream of .
One of the best revenge flicks since Kill Bill , the badass Kick-Ass is packed with little pockets of awesomeness waiting to be activated .
All is slick , stylish , well-made and totally amoral . The characters are amusing , the dialogue is racy .
I started hating this movie around the midpoint .
Let 's say you 're a big fan of the original comic book , and you think the movie does it justice . You know what ? You inhabit a world I am so very not interested in .
So in love with itself and its own supposed transgressions that it loses sight of the fact that it 's become the very thing it 's supposed to be taking down .
Kick-Ass earns its name in every way .
Watching this four-and-a-half-foot-tall schoolgirl -- a type that is usually the epitome of movie victimization -- rise up , lay waste to legions of bad guys , and battle to save the day should rouse everyone 's inner child to cheers of vindication .
For all its posturing , Kick-Ass does n't risk taking the superhero genre seriously and hence is all too happy to be impotent .
It will soon be a well-known part of the comic book movie pantheon .
I want to return to this hyper-violent , awesome world and get lost in laughs and sympathetic pain again .
While not all of the elements fit together tonally , on the surface level -- the level that the title suggests -- Kick-Ass does exactly what it 's supposed to , as long as you 're game for the language and the gutting .
Is it a problem that Kick-Ass is by far the most violent movie ever to feature kids as heroes ? Parents should consider themselves warned , though personally , I just wish that the film had ended up a bit less of an over-the-top action ride .
-LSB- T -RSB- he notion of a comic-book geek who has not read Watchmen is akin to a serious thespian who has never heard of that Hamlet dude ...
Kick Ass . It 's epic . Intimate . Genuine and genuinely messed-up .
Kick-Ass seems to have cult hit written all over it , except that in this interactive age , cults have gone mainstream . The box office should be massive .
Based on the comic of the same name , Kick Ass combines elements of superhero films , dark comedies and strong action flicks , and it does them extremely well .
Action and comedy is no new cocktail , but there 's something striking about the particular blend in Kick-Ass .
Despite the violence and the swearing , Kick-Ass has something you do n't usually see in superhero films : charm .
Kick-Ass is a gloriously bloodthirsty action romp that is funny , violent and stunningly entertaining .
Johnson sports an inflexion-perfect American accent as the eponymous do-gooder and Cage delivers his first decent performance for years , but it 's pint-sized Moretz who steals the show .
Doing for superheroes what Lock , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels did for gangsters , Kick-Ass is colourful , irreverent , Tarantino-ish fun , especially when the brilliantly oddball Cage is on screen .
Never as shocking as it thinks it is , as funny as it should be , or as engaged in cultural critique as it could be .
Director Matthew Vaughn has made an action comedy so bloody funny -- double emphasis on bloody -- fans might need to see it again just to catch the gags they missed from laughing so hard the first time .
Kick-Ass is a rabid puppy of a movie , energetically bounding off the screen and into your lap , where it proceeds to chew off your face .
I wo n't bore you with the plot . Just go , OK ?
It 's all about tone -- dark enough to be anarchic , playful enough to amuse .
Crude , bloody and moody , Kick-Ass embraces , at arm 's length , its fanboy origins . But maybe they should have decided if they loved these stereotypes , or wanted to ridicule them to death before rolling the camera .
A tone-deaf pantsing of the superman cause , creating an incredible ruckus as it breakdances on hallowed ground , preferring noise over wit when it comes to giving funny books a comprehensive noogie .
At odds with itself , initially a darkly comic indictment of fanboy fanaticism carried to its logically violent ends before succumbing to the very superhero formula that it purports to subvert .
As a subversive dissection of a genre , the film has no grit or imagination , and as a work of stock wham-bam entertainment , it 's a sloppy trifle , merely the latest piece of disposable Friday night mainstream-cinema juvenilia .
Big on energy and boasting some fine performances , `` Kick Ass '' is also too juvenile in its irreverence and too enraptured in its bloodletting
Crazily inspired ... If you can stomach the violence -- cartoonish but still abrasive -- you 'll find it giddy fun and almost shamefully enjoyable .
We never thought we 'd say this about a movie , but Kick-Ass is too violent ...
The real star of the film is young Moretz , whose caped crusader `` Hit Girl '' is one of the baddest super heroes to grace the screen .
The first great alternative to our superhero movie era , and one that comes dazzlingly , if a little frustratingly , close to perfection .
Kick-Ass is a compendium of all sleazy things , and it sings like a siren to our inner Tarantinos .
If only Kick-Ass were as nervy and entertaining as its brazen title . Unfortunately , the weakest part of Kick-Ass is , well , Kick-Ass himself .
Fanboy culture reaches an apogee of sloppy diminishing returns intended to clearly draw a dividing line between adult fanboy poseurs and the under-17 crowd who can only get into the R-rated picture with the accompaniment of said pandering grown-up .
A fanboy 's kick-ass wet dream of a movie that could be a surprise spring smash . Kick-Ass has it all , the triumphant comic book movie fans have been waiting for .
The film 's misjudged moments and uneven tone make it incapable of sweeping the audience away with the absurd , innocent exhilaration of the ` what if ' premise .
This ribald romp , thanks to its unrelenting violence , ultimately outstays its welcome .
An extremely funny , extremely violent , gloriously foul-mouthed and decidedly adult comic-book adventure that offers the most refreshing reboot of the genre since 2008 's Hancock .
The film is amusing , but it 's gaspingly inconsequential .
The fact that an 11-year-old is doing the killing -- shooting and stabbing bad guys -- all of whom die very bloodily -- will be understandably concerning for many .
Defiantly irreverent and gleefully violent , Kick-Ass caters to its target audience without much regard for anyone else .
While director Matthew Vaughn channels the spirit of Mark Millar 's comic , too often he oversteps his mark with his stylised use of violence , with young Chloe Moretz as the main attraction .
Kick-Ass is a violent , occasionally sadistic and frequently amoral film . It is also breathtakingly fun and wonderfully transgressive .
An entertaining blend of action and comedy that , despite falling short of its ridiculously high expectations , delivers everything that was awesome about the comic and more .
The second comic-book movie based on a Mark Millar series is less ridiculous , more grounded and more fun than Wanted . Wanted was wanting . Kick-Ass kicks ass .
Complex , blackly funny , even ironic , this over-the-top slice of comic book mayhem is as entertaining as it is inventive - twisted and great fun .
It deliberately sells a perniciously sexualised view of children and glorifies violence , especially knife and gun crime , in a way that makes it one of the most deeply cynical , shamelessly irresponsible films ever .
A slice of must-see cinema . Just phenomenal .
A rollicking , virtuoso comic-book adaptation that fizzes with originality , feisty wit and an unexpected degree of heart . It is also a revenge saga with all the impact of a bullet between the eyes .
Great gunslinging cinema creates icons , and the newest and tiniest of them all is Hit Girl .
Perhaps I should n't have enjoyed it as much as I did : but with more energy and satire and craziness in its lycra-gloved little finger than other films have everywhere else , Kick-Ass is all pleasure and no guilt .
Fun and entertaining in all the ways a violent R-rated action flick should be , but its unfocused structure creates a lull that almost kills the movie .
Mark Millar 's source comic , which I have n't read , is very possibly a smart and subversive treat . But Vaughn 's movie is hollow , glazed , and not quite there , like a teenager who has spent too much time in his bedroom .
Vaughn directs with efficiency and a good sense of action while Johnson puts in an engaging turn that maintains sympathy and helps paper over some of the plot 's more jerky , episodic aspects .
Kick-Ass starts with a big laugh and they do n't stop coming for two hours . The script is sharp , there are clever comic book graphics , a cool soundtrack and a satisfying ending .
Matthew Vaughn , former Guy Ritchie producer , co-wrote and directed , and on this evidence is all flash and no flair .
Among the heavy hitters of the superhero genre , it may not be the biggest , but Kick-Ass is definitely the brightest , and it may just be the best .
Some movies are great art . Plenty more are trash . But every so often , the stars align , the skies rain fish and you get a heaven-sent mix of the two .
A blast of fresh , anarchic , mischievous fun to a mainstream movie culture beholden to gimmicky special effects , belated sequels and diluted family films .
Brazen , raucous and without a single politically correct moment from start to finish . And yes , it 's both wildly rude and great fun .
The film may be titled Kick-Ass , but this is Hit-Girl 's movie all the way .
Moretz will have audiences simultaneously cheering and speed-dialling the NSPCC after her outlandish , terrifying and jaw-dropping performance as the pint-sized assassin .
Black comedy is one thing -LRB- and I like it well done -RRB- but this is far from that . Sometimes shootings are intended to raise a laugh and sometimes the killings are in deadly earnest .
It is a film that is happy to mock audience expectations of a comic book adaptation , while also being faithful to the traditions of the genre .
The film is completely stolen by Chloe Grace Moretz , who 's simultaneously adorable , foul-mouthed , hilarious and unspeakably violent ; her fight scenes are thrillingly shot and genuinely exciting to watch .
KICK-ASS kicks ass ! A rockin ' good ride ...
Kick-Ass wraps itself realism , promising to show us what it 's like when real people do what superheroes do , and then it turns into a cartoon .
More intelligent cinema-goers -- or perhaps just those who like their bloodshed well done -- will love every minute , relishing the jet-black humour and drinking in the Tom And Jerry-style violence .
Vaughn 's witty verve , instinctive knack for bizarre counterpoint and sheer bravado speed the cartoon violence towards a manic action climax .
Kick-Ass succinctly deflates Spider-Man style solemnity : `` With no power comes no responsibility . '' It is blissfully , outrageously funny .
Ever since early footage screened at Comic-Con last year , the buzz surrounding Kick-Ass has been building to fever-pitch ; for once , it 's thoroughly deserved , and then some .
Amazing , gory and immersive fight scenes ; punchy , side-splitting dialogue ; excellent acting and utter originality are just a few of the good things about this film .
Matthew Vaughn lovingly brings the comic book series to the big screen with an unabashed geekiness that will delight anyone who has a favorite superhero .
Kick-Ass is what Spider-Man would have looked like if it was directed by Quentin Tarantino using the cast of Spy Kids . In other words , pure awesome .
It constantly and wittily skewers the superhero genre ; and yet at the same time , it 's an exhilarating example of it .
Quite simply the most successful comic adaptation to date , a flawless take on the rebellious punk sensibilities of the source .
It 's so well made . Each fight has its own personality . It 's not always visual , but it 's visceral .
Kick-Ass offers some genuinely clever observations about the creation of celebrity in a world where viral video clips and latenight talkshow quips can turn attention seekers into overnight sensations -LRB- and inadvertent role models -RRB- .
Kick-Ass 's punk rock full-throttle approach lends it a freshness and vigour that elevates it from the crowd .
A ridiculously entertaining , perfectly paced , ultra-violent cinematic rush that kicks the places other movies struggle to reach .
You 'll laugh , you 'll cry , you 'll squeal in delight at the outrageous behaviour of a little girl in a purple cape . But most of all , you 'll wish that all superhero movies were like this .
Kick-Ass expertly blends side-splitting humor with bone-shattering action and the result is something endlessly entertaining . It will do for superheroes what Zombieland did for the undead .
I definitely felt afterward like my ass had been kicked , but I 'd have preferred if my mind was even remotely roused at the same time .
Hit-Girl owns this film like she would own your ass if you ever stepped to her .
Can this genre make fresh inroads ? ` Kick-Ass ' proposes an answer of sorts through a marriage of Disney Channel wholesomeness and the kind of foul-mouth dialogue and bloodletting that would make Tarantino proud .

@highlight

Not for the faint of heart , Kick-Ass takes the comic adaptation genre to new levels of visual style , bloody violence , and gleeful profanity .