The film is indeed predictable and juvenile , and does n't so much lapse into clichés as unabashedly dive in .
Aniston appears just as disgusted with these characters as we are . She 's never been so relatable .
The silly story and crummy writing leave Just Go With It feeling a bit unfinished and never quite hitting the right level , like a haphazard hodgepodge of poor ideas .
It achieves a rancidness far beyond all of Sandler 's other misogynistic mash-ups of groin kicks , poop jokes and juvenile , homophobic characters .
For one moment , just one moment -- it works .
You can practically feel comedy facepalming itself .
Jennifer Aniston has starred in so many lame romantic comedies that she 's become an industry punch line , but drop her into an Adam Sandler movie and she comes off like Katharine Hepburn .
The central conceit serves the new version well enough , despite the filmmakers ' regrettable addition of sundry idiotic distractions .
An egregiously unfunny enterprise that seem less crafted than extruded through the great product-mill that is Hollywood at its most homogenized and soulless .
Brooklyn Decker seems to have been cast primarily for the way she fills out her bikini , especially in slo-mo . Her cleavage receives so much camera time , it deserves its own billing .
Amidst the wreckage of Just Go With It , Aniston and Sandler have a real chemistry . They should go elsewhere with it .
The film is far from original , -LRB- but -RRB- as a whole , Just Go With It has enough easy charm to pull you through .
Full of both funny lines and , most importantly , funny people , `` Just Go With It '' is Sandler 's most accessible film in a long time .
It 's all ridiculous , of course , but it 's meant to be .
I have to warn you , there are two precocious children in it of the species that only exist in Hollywood 's imagination , and they are truly horrible .
It 's just a bunch of jerks running around being classless , unfunny and treating domestic workers poorly .
... forgettable update of an equally forgettable 1969 farce called ` Cactus Flower . '
As predictable as it is , there 's a simplicity and honesty to it that make it surprisingly enjoyable . And it actually made me like Jennifer Aniston again . -LRB- Fresh - just -RRB-
It 's the kind of movie that makes you wonder why anyone decided it was good enough to show to the public , the kind that makes you want to repeatedly hit yourself in the face with a hammer . You 'd have more fun doing that , too .
While Just Go With It never descends into full-on unfunniness -- the absurd interjections of Nick Swardson as a German sheep trader named Dolph Lundgren see to that -- it seriously struggles to draw laughs consistently .
`` Just go with it '' seems to be a mantra from the film-makers ; a pleading cry as they beg the audience to ignore the increasingly insane and illogical plot manoeuvres .
What would otherwise have been a routine , colour-by-numbers romantic comedy actually turns out to be one of Adam Sandler 's best films . And yes , you read that right .
While it throws up a few genuine laughs , Adam Sandler and Jennifer Aniston are on autopilot in this largely predictable affair .
` Happy ' is a lovely , jovial word that becomes something quite vile and abhorrent when followed by the word ` Madison ' .
... Sandler does to Cactus Flower -LRB- 1969 -RRB- what he did to Mr. Deeds , and once again the result is n't pretty ...
full review at Movies for the Masses
Just Go With It is an extraordinarily bad match of star and material .
Danny and co. 's elaborate ruse , and the movie 's impersonation of a comedy , continues with bad fake accents -LRB- Cockney , German -RRB- , more schtick and a dash of homophobia . But there 's still room for sexism !
Will they discover the mutual attraction simmering between them all these years ? Will there be 80s music ? Will Sandler get hit in the nuts ? Have you been in a coma since 1996 ?
Offers several surprises to balance out the predictable moments , and a natural warmth not usually found in anything with Sandler 's name on it .
It 's funny enough in places and with a few moments of real feeling . Too bad that for the rest of the movie , the bar 's been set far too low .
It 's as if everyone involved , with the exception of Kidman , would gladly have you forget the film the moment it ended .
This is the ugliest , shoddiest looking movie I 've seen in a while .
Sandler has mellowed into an appealingly garlicky , old-school mensch , and Aniston , as a self-sacrificingly practical woman in a race against time , is a genre unto herself .
Just Go With It is an exercise in stagnation .
No . No , I 'm not going to just go with it . The title alone of this latest atrocity in the oeuvre of Adam Sandler , Professional Manchild , is an admission that it is absurd on its face , even grading on the Adam Sandler Curve ...
Just go with it -- and take it out of here .
... the laughs and likable characters make this a better than average Adam Sandler film .
A wheezing , broken carcass of a romantic comedy .
Just Go With It is a long way removed from the French play which was adapted to become Cactus Flower starring Walter Matthau , Ingrid Bergman and the best supporting actress Oscar-winning Goldie Hawn .
Has Jennifer Aniston 's career gone so far off track that she needs to slum in this year 's Dennis Dugan-directed Adam Sandler vehicle ?
The humorous tangents of Just Go With It are testaments to the fine art of improvisation and of comedy that does n't take itself overly seriously .
Just run from it !
Astonishingly bad ... a would-be comedy that 's not just cruelly unfunny but sloppily made .
Anniston squints her way through it while Sandler mumbles and Decker flashes her ample breasts , hardly up to the talents of Matthau , Bergman , and Hawn from the original .
The experience of sitting through Just Go with It , Adam Sandler 's umpteenth comedy directed by good buddy Dennis Dugan , is akin to watching a bad sit-com that never ends .
If this sounds like a typical episode of Three 's Company stretched out to feature length , that 's because it pretty much is , except less believable and a whole lot less fun .
A romantic comedy so full of contrivances and idiotic behaviour that goodwill and patience soon evaporate .
It 's a crude , tasteless , ill-timed , hugely dislikable affair .
The ideal date movie if your tactic is to yawn your inamorata into bed - even the most unremarkable sex would be more diverting .
Is n't so much scraping the bottom of the barrel as hurtling through the bottom of the barrel at Mach five , straight towards the planet 's molten core .
Regardless of how many marginal comedies Adam Sandler makes , he shows no sign of improving on his proven formula for mediocrity .
Sandler and Aniston play off each other with warmth and charm , while Nicole Kidman almost steals the show as Aniston 's frenemy .
Any potential is negated by bad casting choices -- -LSB- including -RSB- screen irritant Nick Swardson , a useless Dave Matthews and a slumming Nicole Kidman -- and the typical Sandler-Dugan concessions to fratboy humor .
Evincing a sense of humor that would be the envy of a first-grader , Adam Sandler once again assaults the concept of humor
Adam Sandler plays a Beverly Hills plastic surgeon in Just Go With It , a fumbling comedy directed by Dennis Dugan that could have benefitted from surgical reconstruction . How about some liposuction to siphon off all those lame jokes ?
A bloated , mind-numbingly unfunny affair that reeks of improvisation run amok .
Just Go With It is n't nearly as bad as Grown-Ups . Just Go With It is just stupid .
At age 44 Sandler is getting too old for this junk , but is his audience ?
Some laughs , but often-crass Sandler romcom disappoints .
I 've never been a big Adam Sandler fan , but seriously , he needs to find a comedy writer , and fast !
This film could have been so much better , but Sandler can not resist the urge to throw in silly or gross scenes that are merely superfluous to the story .
Instead of trusting the performances and the potential of the material , it has been loaded with all the same jokes you find in a typical Adam Sandler comedy : fat jokes , gay jokes , crotch injury gags , etc. .
High concept nonsense of the worst kind , exploiting Valentine 's weekend to earn a bit of cash with a predictable love story and lacklustre Sandler humour .
Adam Sandler no longer really makes movies so much as he takes expensive , studio-subsidized vacations .
Attention boys and girls over 13 ! Adam Sandler 's traveling moviemaking circus is rolling out yet another monster hit ! Girls in bikinis ! Smutty jokes and laughable freaks ! Step right up , boys and girls !
Better than Grown Ups ? Sure . Then again , that 's not much of a recommendation .
It 's the laziest way of making a comedy I 've seen , and pure purgatory to sit through .
In Funny People , it took a brush with terminal illness for Sandler to rediscover his craft and his self-respect . One ca n't help but wonder what it might take in real life .
An early contender for worst movie of the year . If they were showing this on an airplane , I 'd as for a parachute .
Sandler should know better .
Dugan has trouble keeping all of the film 's plates in the air , and he seems not to have noticed Decker is the opposite of funny .
Adam Sandler and Jennifer Aniston 's romantic comedy , idiotic even by their usually low big-screen standards , is stuffed with unpleasant narcissists saying and doing the stupidest , often cruelest things in hope of cheap laughs .
Sandler is so genuinely funny and likeable , and his chemistry with Aniston is so charming that it 's a terrible shame he does n't put more thought into these movies .
Eeryone should be offended by the time-annihilating suckage of this mirth void .
If we 're talking about improbabilities , let 's start at the movie 's very premise , so wrongheaded it 's like starting a game of Jenga with a clothespin .
Do n't even think of going with it . It 's the perfect Valentine 's date night movie , but only with someone you hate .
Adam Sandler is back in the game !
Frank Capra would puke .
Sandler and Aniston easily pass the only important test of romantic comedies : We like them and want them to like each other . If only the other cast members were as good .
A deeply repugnant and mean-spirited movie , and probably the worst film Sandler or Aniston has been a part of , which is saying something
Once again the hoary and apparently ineffable question comes up : Why wo n't Hollywood remake movies that actually need redoing ?
The story is far-fetched and trite , the characters too stereotypical to stomach .
It wastes its premise , insults its characters , and shows an attitude toward the audience somewhere between neglect and contempt , sometimes both .
In spite of the title you will not want to Just Go With It . You will want to avoid it like the plague .
Adam Sandler movies are for everyone ! Unless you 're ugly , uncool , old , fat , gay , non-white or , heaven help you , all of the above .
There are fewer kicks to the groin -LRB- there are still a lot -RRB- and the potty humor is kept to a minimum , relatively speaking , of course . Metaphorically speaking , someone lit a match in Adam Sandler 's bathroom .
For Sandler and Dugan , this qualifies as almost good ; without Sandler and Dugan , it might 've been something great .
If you have a masochistic desire to see unlikable morons on a vacation you probably ca n't afford , check out one of the worst movies in a long time .
All in all , the hit-to-miss ratio of Just Go With It is not so terrible . Which is not to say the movie is anything special .
Aniston , taking her cues from her costar , does n't expend much energy either , but there are glimmers of comic brio . Now and then , she makes a face that suggests she might actually be having some fun .
This film is a real piece of Devlin .
It 's Adam Sandler in the same movie as Jennifer Aniston . I believe Nostradamus predicted this as one of the signs of the apocalypse .
... the nadir of Sandler 's progressively underwhelming filmography ...
The worst idea Adam Sandler has ever turned into a movie .
It 's written as a broad farce -- which is a very specific style -- but it 's performed as if it were a regular ol' Adam Sandler-ized romantic comedy .
Being a fan of Adam Sandler movies is a lot like being a fan of the Baltimore Orioles .
It 's embarrassing . It 's like watching your grandmother give somebody a lap dance .
On paper , Just Go with It looked like a perfect storm of suck . And while the movie is still riddled with problems , it 's far more entertaining than it has a right to be .
Am I really about to admit , before the vast , worldwide inter-web , that the latest Adam Sandler comedy ... is n't entirely evil ?
There 's little to recommend beyond Kidman 's inspired manic behavior and Aniston 's likability . Still , after Grown Ups , it 's nice to enjoy anything about an Adam Sandler film again .
As a romantic comedy that works as both rom and com , it 's a pleasant entertainment with , finally , a nice heart .
Just Go With It is so dispiritingly awful that responsible cinema staff should make audiences remove their ties and shoelaces on their way into the auditorium .
A very funny romantic comedy that nicely combines Adam Sandler 's acerbic sweetness with Aniston 's down-to-earth warmth - and that finds an excuse for Aniston to both play an average person and yet dress like a movie star .
When Adam Sandler is n't making bathroom jokes or talking like a 2-year-old with a sinus infection , the guy can be disarming .
It sounds all kinds of nonsensical , but if you 're willing to suspend your sense of disbelief and just go with it , it actually kind of works .
A comedy so noxious it seems the product of deliberate malignity .
The positives have an edge over the negatives , but it probably does n't matter either way . It is an Adam Sandler movie . It is a romantic comedy opening Valentine 's Day weekend . It is going to be huge .
Instead Dugan is more than content to let things play themselves out the majority of the time , a refreshing , almost Blake Edwards-like simplicity to what 's being depicted onscreen that 's rather charming .
A puerile kiddie-comedy without the anarchic energy , and a schmaltzy romantic comedy without the sweetness .
Predictable , overlong romantic farce has enough sass and sex appeal to get audiences to go with it .
It 's painful to watch .
A diabolical romcom in which the hero is a sexist plastic surgeon who preys on younger women and enjoys hitting small children . Have you guessed yet that he 's played by Adam Sandler ?
-LSB- Aniston -RSB- does her best work in years - while making Sandler 's classically crass character seem almost bearable .
If you 're a Sandler film buff , the comedy is classic Sandler and will probably satisfy . Still , the best thing about the movie remains Aniston - she is reason enough to just go with it .
To describe `` Just Go With It '' as another failed romantic comedy would imply that at one time it wanted to succeed as romantic comedy .
Who would have thought that after failing to strike sparks with romcom costars like Steve Zahn , Aaron Eckhart and Gerard Butler that it would be old buddy Adam Sandler to make Jennifer Aniston shine ?
It 's abundantly clear that Sandler is caught in his own memory gap . As he wrestles with an uncomfortable middle age , he 's either forgotten or ceased to care about how to make people laugh .
There 's not much to be said about the majority of jokes here because my mother taught me not to poke at dead things .
I inflicted this movie on myself and now someone 's got to pay .
`` Cactus Flower '' was a silly farce about bachelorhood and sexual liberation , with three interesting performances . The remake is almost two hours of gas .
Offers enough hearty laughs to at least be considered a guilty pleasure , even if it still sticks far too close to formula that 's worked for Sandler before .
Mostly , Just Go With It offers scenes of Aniston and Sandler deceiving Decker , whose inability to see through fabrications that would n't fool a canny toddler suggest she might be suffering from some kind of undiagnosed neurological disease .
It 's a shame to compare this with a gem like Cactus Flower but Sandler and Dugan brought it on themselves . The only notable similarity comes early when Sandler dons a prosthetic nose resembling Matthau 's famous schnozz . Then he rubs this movie in it .
Considering the sorry state of American romantic comedies , Just Go with It 's wholesale predictability is a moot point .
Being open to total , unmitigated imbecility is your best chance of enjoying anything in this exceptionally puerile film .
... it 's predictable , pat , and often a little more vulgar than it 's really required to be . Flatly vulgar , at that .
Frankly , it 's depressing to watch two likable talents pushing such a blatantly empty experience .
Broad comic turns by Nicole Kidman and Nick Swardson only exacerbate the feeling that everyone is just trying too hard for their own good here .
Previously known by its original title , Hooray For Boobies !
The people in this movie are dumber than a box of Tinkertoys .
Cheaper than a flight to Honolulu , with probably a few more laughs .
There are far worse romcoms out there at present - not looking at anyone in particular , Kate Hudson ...
You may root for Sandler and Aniston to just ` go with it ' , but only so you can be done with it .
Ever been so starved of entertainment you 've tried to see how far you can push a pencil into your ear before hitting your eardrum ?
A disappointing , lazily scripted , overlong and largely laugh-free comedy that never really comes to life .


@highlight

Just Go With It may be slightly better than some entries in the recently dire rom-com genre , but that 's far from a recommendation .