At 81 minutes it could do with being still more bite-sized but it 's a must-see morsel for foodies . Eat first - it 'll make you ravenous .
A film about the pursuit of perfection . And the cost .
Ono may be the center of this universe , but the real star of the film is the sushi , and the exquisite yet frustrating beauty with which the camera has captured it .
Gelb also provides an education on the different kinds of sushi , the purveyors of premium fish and rice , and overfishing . But it 's his lyrical , lovingly photographed scenes of preparation that elevates the documentary to a work of art .
Subtitled docu about sushi chef inspires and enlightens .
You may not dream of sushi , but do n't watch this on an empty stomach .
Taking a minimalistic approach that matches his subject matter , documentary filmmaker Gelb delves into one of the most acclaimed kitchens in the world : the tiny Tokyo sushi bar run by 85-year-old Jiro Ono , the oldest chef to earn three Michelin stars .
I left the cinema wanting to meet the man and eat his food .
David Gelb 's affectionate documentary ...
A beautiful ode to an artisan and his culture .
Jiro Ono 's exacting standards have earned him three Michelin stars , but it 's his taciturn nature that spices and sours this documentary .
The themes of age and appalling loss give the film a freakishly affecting lyricism .
Jiro Dreams of Sushi sets a drool-flecked new standard in food porn , and makes the moanings and gruntings of Nigella Lawson look softcore by comparison .
The exquisite nigiri slices gleam with freshness , and you do learn about the component parts to the perfect serving of sea eel or gizzard shad .
It 's torture to watch Jiro Dreams of Sushi -- if you are on an empty stomach .
The end result is n't just one of the best films of 2012 , documentary or fiction , but a movie worthy of Jiro himself .
Treating his seafood substantially better than Oldboy , Jiro is a miracle of perfectionism married to expertise . The same can said for Gelb 's loving documentary .
It does not try to make any broad claims about it subject beyond simply observing , this is what he does , this is why it matters , and this is his legacy .
It 's a simple tale , but one to savour .
I never cared for sushi , but I have to admit that seeing the documentary film , ` Jiro Dreams of Sushi ' makes me want to try the incomparable and expensive sushi at Jiro 's place .
The no-nonsense documentary about a compulsive sushi chef wet my appetite even though I never liked sushi .
If the ultimate goal of a documentary is to drop you into a location and make you feel it as if you were actually there , consider this the most scrumptious trip to Tokyo you 'll ever take .
If the wardrobe to Narnia led to a restaurant full of world-class sushi , `` Jiro Dreams of Sushi '' would be the exquisitely shot documentary that filmed your journey .
A movie as elegant , spare and tantalizing as its subject .
Like the food on display in beautiful close-ups , the film is a sleek reminder that simple can be fulfilling , and maybe even brilliant .
delves deep into the qualities of dedication and perfectionism
The movie functions well as high-end food porn , but it 's also an insightful character study of the single-minded Jiro .
It 's an interesting exploration of a particular aspect of Japanese culture , which is fathers and sons working together . It 's a very likeable film , and sometimes , that 's enough . If you 're a Japanophile or a sushi nut , you 'll likely be in heaven .
Even after you 've eaten your fill , Gelb 's film is memorable not just as a foodie paradise , but as a lovely , insightful portrait of a man in a lifelong search for perfection .
Watching Jiro work with the decades of experience on his side is like watching a master painter adding strokes to a masterpiece .
I can imagine that if you are a sushi lover , then you 'll be drooling over the delicious looking scenery , and it maybe even convince you to make a trip to Japan just to try some of the food .
The film similarly guides us smoothly from opening credits to closing without complaint or concern , and before you know it , you 've dreamily submitted to 80 minutes of raw fish preparation .
If you ever wondered what is the Art of Sushi , David Gelb 's intriguing portrait opens up a whole new world , in which we learn about simplicity , balance and what defines ` deliciousness '
The centerpiece is a gorgeously photographed sequence showing a dinner at Jiro 's restaurant , a `` concerto '' of the many courses -LRB- all sushi , no appetizers -RRB- that will make any foodie 's mouth water .
Thoughtful , gentle and wonderfully restrained , David Gelb 's brief documentary Jiro Dreams of Sushi is a portrait of an artist in full flower , a master who has achieved a species of perfection .
Since few -LRB- if any -RRB- of us will ever be able to actually taste sushi chef Jiro Ono 's cuisine -- minimum cost per person to dine there is roughly $ 300 -- we 'll have to console ourselves with the visual bliss of this entertaining documentary .
As artful as it is appetizing .
The parade of dishes is like one note after another in a symphony meant to be appreciated by all the senses .
By the time this graceful film is over you understand why Japan has declared the bald , bespectacled Jiro a national treasure . Even if you 've never tasted sushi , the man 's singleness of purpose will inspire you .
Gelb apparently understood that his subject was itself so taking that he would n't need filmic embellishments to keep his viewers alert .
Yes , it will make you hungry , but it also supplies an understanding of skill and care that 's largely lost in today 's mechanical world . It 's a simple story , yet one with fascinating levels of behavior and expertise to examine .
Obsessive , we were saying ? Oh my , yes , and that 's what makes the film so compelling .
As simple and elegant as Jiro 's preparations , `` Sushi '' alternates between the master musing on his cooking philosophy -LRB- good food , he says , makes him feel `` victorious '' -RRB- and footage of the three chefs at work in their minuscule kitchen .
You do n't have to like sushi to appreciate a master
This documentary strikes a balance between storytelling and food porn that 's hard to come by in foodie flicks . Like a proper sushi meal , `` Jiro '' left me feeling sated , not stuffed .
Savory documentary , which is especially appetizing for foodies .
Any documentary that can make sushi interesting for 90 minutes clearly does something right .
As a tribute to the art of preparing traditional Japanese cuisine it could hardly be bettered . But it 's arguably even more fascinating as a portrait of one man 's single-minded devotion to his craft and its effect on the next generation .
Jiro Ono makes sushi Dreams come true
The most interesting moments , however , belong not to the chef but to those who labor in his shadow .
As exhausting as Jiro may be , he 's also inspiring .
I ca n't recall being this hungry exiting a theater .
Would you be willing to massage an octopus for 45 minutes , until its flesh possesses just the right amount of chewability ? Jiro is .
I really wish Tokyo were closer .
An affectionate introduction to the man and an increased impatience that the technology does n't yet exist to eat items off of the screen .
As a documentary about world-class sushi , this film is definitive . It runs only 81 minutes , but the subject is finite .
You do n't have to be a sushi connoisseur to appreciate this mouth-watering documentary .
The family drama gives Jiro its spine , but it 's the kitchen demonstrations that give it soul . This is food porn of the highest caliber .
The movie 's great moments come when it admires the finished sushi ... Gelb 's camera savors it in such a way that we can almost taste it .
A case study in the phenomenon of mastery .
Float off to oceanic gastro-neverland with the Yoda-like Jiro .
At the age of 85 , the subject of this fascinating documentary not only dreams of sushi but still drives himself to make it better .
With its exquisitely composed visions of sushi and the compelling personal history of tiny , wizened Jiro , the film is more likely to make viewers head to their nearest sushi bar to engulf and devour .
Overall , this is a pleasant and often enlightening journey .
Gelb 's documentary about Jiro is beautiful , thoughtful and engrossing , drawing a portrait of a man who has turned an often slipshod craft into fine art .
Jiro Dreams of Sushi is n't just a film for foodies , or Japanophiles . It 's a meditation on work , on finding one 's path in life , and then walking it with singular purpose .
Director David Gelb pulls back the curtain on the kitchen rituals of sushi , inviting us to experience the savory-smooth sensation of `` umami , '' roughly translated as `` Ahhh ! ''
A profile of a celebrity chef , a quick cultural immersion and many mouth-watering montages of food preparation in one package .
-LSB- Documaker David -RSB- Gelb gives us good insight into this culinary world with his crash course in sushi making ...
`` Jiro Dreams of Sushi `` is as elegant and tasty as the splendid sushi prepared by the man in the title , and that is saying a lot
It is as much a family saga as a visit to sushi nirvana , and that adds an unexpected and satisfying narrative to this visual stunner .
Jiro has a Zen approach to his work that makes observing his kitchen akin to something spiritual .
It 's beautifully photographed and explained at every stage from market to table , a foodie 's dream night at the movies . The gentle shaping of the fish and sushi could lull you into a trance . A hungry trance .
We all have that thing , yes ? Something that gives us that feeling , or something that would ? And that , friend , is how it 's a film about much more than sushi .
An extraordinary morsel of a movie , and yes , you 'll want sushi afterward . But it wo n't taste like Jiro 's .
The real star of the movie is the delectable sushi itself .
The movie 's larger point is not about sushi or about sustainability but about devoting one 's life to the pursuit of perfection in the service of others .
Like many other such portraits , it wastes valuable time declaring its subject 's excellence that could be spent fleshing out demonstrations , explanations , context .
The movie 's first word is oishi , Japanese for `` delicious , '' and what follows is a treat for sushi veterans .
Gelb creates a peaceful , contemplative mood with his long shots of men delicately molding fish onto rice , such that when Ono walks past a blaring shopping-mall video-screen at one point , the intrusion of the modern world seems out of place .
With mouthwatering visions of fresh fish wrapped in heavenly white rice , Jiro will not only tickle your taste buds . It will leave you with your own dreams of sushi .
At its simplest level , Jiro Dreams of Sushi is a portrait of a master . In its deeper layers , it explores what drives us to make things : Beautiful , jewel-like things , or things that delight our palate - or , in this case , both .
You should have sushi in ready proximity ... and it better be good . . Joins the pantheon of the great films about food - documentary , fiction or otherwise .
A dream , indeed .
If you have any kind of affinity for the food at all , you will very much want to dine at Sukiyabashi Jiro , regardless of the distance or cost , after seeing Jiro Dreams Of Sushi ...
Gelb might flit around a bit too much , but his appealing documentary always comes back to its subject 's determination -LRB- sometimes overbearing -RRB- to leave the most meaningful possible legacy to his family and his craft .
A penetrating look at traditional Japanese culture , and tasty treat for sushi snobs .
-LSB- VIDEO -RSB- There 's nothing flashy about David Gelb 's serviceable rendering of a man who has achieved an unrivaled mastery of a cuisine he helped invent . You too might come away from the movie dreaming of Jiro Ono 's sushi .
An appetizing portrait of 85-year-old Jiro Ono , the oldest chef to win three Michelin stars -LRB- for his 10-seater , sushi-only Tokyo restaurant Sukiyabashi Jiro -RRB- , pic is as clean and simple as one of its subject 's creations .
In Jiro Dreams of Sushi , Gelb details , among other things , the painstaking process that goes into creating these mouthwatering pieces of sushi .


@highlight

Beautiful , thoughtful , and engrossing , Jiro Dreams of Sushi should prove satisfying even for filmgoers who do n't care for the cuisine .