He claims here to have been influenced early on by Snow White . I should have thought Peter Pan instead .
If you 're not a diehard fan of Polanski I ca n't see the pic holding your attention , as it lacks intrigue .
Some might confuse Zenovich 's indictment on the judge as a cop-out in judging Polanski . But the facts remain . There 's no further insight into the heinous crime . Nor is there a new judgment to be passed on the man who committed it . Anyone looking for new r
`` Zenovich 's film is a fair and skillful chronicling of the Roman Polanski case , and a study of how the circumstances of celebrity influence the carrying out of justice in the U.S. It 's not an in-depth study of the filmmaker 's psychology nor of how his lif
The film 's verdict is that Polanski is too distinguished to persecute by placing him in a prison among , well , criminals . Wanted And Desired : A premeditated act of propaganda in the service of exoneration with a creative genius defense , instead of remorse .
A judiciously argued account with intriguing asides
While not apologising for his disgusting behaviour , the film puts Polanski 's actions in the context of a turbulent life .
an essential entry in Hollywood 's cultural chronicle
Mesmo tendo criado uma narrativa envolvente , coesa e impecável a ponto de servir como base para os advogados de Polanski solicitarem o arquivamento do caso , este documentário foi ignorado pela Academia . Arre .
What makes Wanted and Desired riveting is that Zenovich balances this immorality play by interviewing nearly everyone involved and mixes it with perfectly culled archival footage .
This chronicle of Polanski 's life , career and legal woes offers an engaging portrait of the artist .
Marina Zenovich 's documentary is that it fills in a lot of crucial details -LRB- including a few new ones -RRB- , primarily about the rape and its aftermath .
It 's the sort of complex story Polanski himself would have excelled at telling , if he were n't busy living it .
Though Marina Zenovich 's film deals with the notorious case of the film director who pleaded guilty to having sex with a 13-year-old , the film 's real subject is the California legal system turned upside down by celebrity and media pressure .
Meticulously crafted and keenly thought out , the film also serves as a useful historical document . It illuminates its time period , delves into moral hypocrisy and shows the evolution of muck-raking celebrity journalism .
With a subject like Roman Polanski , you do n't really need to do much to capture audience interest . But maybe that 's the reason Roman Polanski : Wanted and Desired does n't live up to its promise .
Roman Polanski : Wanted and Desired , a documentary by Marina Zenovich that is also a first-rate work of reportage , makes a forceful case that the whole truth of the matter was never heard in court and Polanski was more sinned against than sinning .
I found myself occasionally enthralled , mainly due to Polanski 's haunted presence coming through , even in the form of an absent ghost .
Roman Polanski -LRB- The Pianist , Rosemary 's Baby , Chinatown -RRB- is unquestionably a great filmmaker , but as Marina Zenovich 's documentary Roman Polanski : Wanted and Desired perhaps unintentionally demonstrates , he 's also a creep .
Whether you can swallow that or not , the mesmerizing narrative recounts a media circus of unrivaled malignance .
She has achieved extraordinary access to the other still-living players in the case , and they all seem to be in agreement : Polanski is correct in saying the judge played with him as a cat might play with a mouse .
The film walks a fine line between contempt for Polanski 's crimes and sympathy for his trials and his screwed-up psyche , and it manages both ...
This is a superb picture , sharp , open-minded , wised-up and cinematically accomplished . I wonder if any man could 've handled the Polanski enigma with the same ironic intelligence -LSB- Marina -RSB- Zenovich has .
The film leans a bit too heavily on the idea that Polanski was a high-living artist who was rejected by a puritanical America and embraced by an understanding Europe , but on balance , the film is a credible re-evaluation of a complex man .
As an anatomy not only of Polanski 's psyche but also of the legal system he confronted , it 's as baroquely compelling as The Dark Knight .
A clever , contemplative kind of courtroom drama that utilizes the best of Hollywood filmmaking style to tell a story so strange , it must be true .
This is more about the culture of celebrity , the sensationalism , a power hungry , media-hungry judge , and all the things that have happened since then . And as such , it 's a very good documentary .
Using tons of footage and new interviews with the victim and key legal figures -- but not the subject himself -- director Marina Zenovich shows how Polanski 's darker urges were matched on a moral level by others involved in the case .
Zenovich has made a feature worthy of its eccentric and reckless central figure at his most cynical and embittered .
None of the interviewees in Marina Zenovich 's fascinating documentary manages to make sense of the famous filmmaker 's behavior or apparent thinking . But they all have compelling impressions .
An exhaustive and riveting narrative
In contenting itself with the changing public perception of a long-misunderstood event , Wanted And Desired is compelling enough .
Zenovich 's zeal exceeds her grasp .
In this documentary , the dwarf finally gets his due , fleshed out as a person rather than simply a media sensation .
There 's much material here and it is brilliantly structured .
Its indictment ultimately feels like a secondary issue to Polanski 's apparently incontrovertible guilt , which makes him -- in this instance -- still more victimizer than victim .
Seeks to explore both sides of the endless debate and asks all parties to consider every angle before labeling him as a pedophile or misunderstood genius ...
Roman Polanski deserves his badge of dishonor , no question about it . This amazing documentary argues that others need to start sporting one as well .
a great and somewhat Kafkaesque story that Polanski might have enjoyed directing ... had it been fiction .
Persuasively demonstrates Polanski was guilty as sin , yet his conviction was a miscarriage of justice .
While not denying the moral issue of a director sleeping with a minor , Zenovich 's riveting docu places the controversial case in a broader perspective that emphasizes the obsession with celebs , media circus , legal system and -LRB- mis -RRB- conduct of judges .
As HBO 's spellbinding documentary , Roman Polanski : Wanted and Desired reveals , the immediate facts ca n't begin to describe the moral ambiguities churning beneath the surface of Polanski 's tale .
This deft and subtle film is a fitting tribute to a man -- like him or not -- whose life deserves more than tabloid headlines .
What 's most interesting is the correlations drawn between the diminutive director and the infamous judge who presided over the case like an auteur of the courtroom
A subtly intelligent and sharply argued documentary .
Is Polanski a great filmmaker who made a mistake , or a perverted coward who ran from the law instead of facing the music ?



@highlight

A courtroom drama and an exploration of celebrity and responsibility .