At least with this one , -LSB- the young audiences are -RSB- getting the anti-relativistic message that some powers seek only to destroy and Western culture is worth a fight .
Immortals is also one of those unusual big-budget movies that is both artful and unpretentious .
The fight scenes look great , and there 's nice support from Hurt , Luke Evans -LRB- as Zeus -RRB- , too , but it 's ultimately let down by the sniggersome script and thin plot . It 's still better than last year 's Clash Of The Titans , though .
I was n't expecting great storytelling because Tarsem is n't a great storyteller , but I did expect more from him visually .
While it clearly strives for the ` epic ' label , Immortals falls far short of it .
Overall , Immortals is a pretty decent popcorn flick . Will it stand the test of time ? Probably not , but the provocative special effects will leave a lasting impression on the audience .
The only thing greasier than the abs here is the screenplay .
This is an awfully dumb movie that I 'll still remember for a while .
Grisly , gross , messy - and I 'm not just talking about Mickey Rourke 's table manners
Tarsem Singh 's imaginative visuals are the main draw of Immortals - which is subsequently held together by a mostly adequate story of gods , titans , and humanity .
You ca n't take your eyes off it - it 's like watching the butchest float on the Gay Pride parade crash in super slow-motion HD .
Looks are n't everything , but you 'd never guess that by watching Immortals . With a solid cast and breathtaking fight scenes , you almost forget that there 's not much of a story .
`` Immortals '' is indeed good-looking and is even entertaining for a few brief sequences , but that 's not nearly enough to begin making up for its multiple flaws elsewhere .
... a distressingly cynical cash-grab that seems to exist only to profit from the success of its like-minded predecessors .
Beyond the simple idea that Gods intervened in humans ' lives on a regular basis , there is n't a lot of interesting stuff to chew on in the script . It moves from one amazingly framed camera setup to the next with no forward motion or feeling of consequence .
an almost overwhelming aesthetic experience in which conventional storytelling and narrative logic frequently take a backseat to pure sensation
Fans of mythic adventure may want to see for themselves , but the storytelling is too disjointed for it to measure up to a film like `` 300 '' or `` Troy . ''
Costume designer Eiko Ishioka drapes the gods in dinky gold lamé outfits and outlandish headgear - Daniel Sharman 's Aires sports a helmet spiked with swords and Kellan Lutz 's Poseidon appears to be wearing a rather whimsical fascinator .
Weakly plotted and emotionally flat , but visually alluring , memorable and sometimes very entertaining .
It seems as if there 's no way at all to make these kinds of gladiator/barbarian/centurion battle movies any good .
Wearing its gigantic melodramatic emotions on its sleeve , this is Greek storytelling at its most robust and vibrant .
The raw movie majesty alone makes this worth a view on the big screen , but as an adventure epic , it also works well enough .
A hodge-podge of nonsense that is just really there to stitch together cool fight scenes and sets .
Laws mean little to these immortals once `` considered incapable of death , '' at least until they `` discover they can kill each other . '' Likewise , they discover they ca n't not interfere with men .
If you like blood and guts , with hand-to-hand -LRB- or should I say hand-to-spear -RRB- combat in video-game-style , you may like this more than I did .
The most unpretentious -- or should that be ridiculous ? -- film yet from style-drunk director Tarsem Singh is also his most enjoyable , a Cuisinart-blended shot of Greek mythology and ultraviolent effects that chokes the viewer with unrelenting design .
There 's a story of revenge here , along with some nods to the classic myths of Greek gods and goddesses , as well as a pretty spiffy concept for the Minotaur . Mostly , though , this is a bloodbath .
Singh approaches the material the way Werner Herzog might approach a film adaptation of `` Gossip Girl '' : He does n't get it , but that wo n't stop him from doing his thing .
Opoiadhpote omoiothta me mythologika proswpa kai katastaseis einai apla symptwmatikh kai mallon kata lathos
Targeted at the young , male audience who enjoyed 300 and Conan the Barbarian , Immortals delivers in similar fashion . I could n't help but wish the story had been better told
Immortals an empty yet stunning tableaux .
The Greek myths , of course , will endure . The same can not be said for Singh 's silly , self-serious , instantly forgettable , and inaptly named Immortals .
Without any narrative heft , these sights do n't last in the mind much longer than they linger on screen . And yet they thrill in short-lived bursts that Singh doles out carefully , keeping pace with the audience 's appetite .
Tarsem Singh 's Greek mythology mesh up makes for a great Blu-Ray demo disc ...
Although it 's exceptionally silly and takes itself way too seriously , the movie will give lovers of expertly faked beefcake action their sword-and-sandal fix .
Its physical power blew me away ...
One learns to take the good with the bad in movies , but rarely does any film marry such excitingly original good with such miserable , soul-scraping bad .
Overacting -LRB- Rourke -RRB- combined with underacting -LRB- Cavill -RRB- plus a dull storyline make this immortal film DOA
With Immortals , Tarsem has created a beautiful and sumptuous mythological epic with visual strengths that far outweigh the weaknesses of its fairly standard script .
Immortals does n't suffer because it 's cheesy ; it suffers because it thinks it is n't .
It 's got a weak story , weak characters , weak acting and a lot of blood and gore .
When Hyperion says of one character , `` His pain has just begun , '' you know exactly how he feels .
Eventually when the action ending shows up , I thought , `` I could play that video game . '' Otherwise , ` Immortals ' is a waste .
As goofy and on-the-nose as it is ... I literally was sitting there going , ` Oh , this could be a Krull for our times . '
Ultimately forgettable gods of gore
Just enough spectacle to make up for the lack of substance .
It 's encouraging to see a studio movie based on Greek legend that at least looks as if they have done some of the reading and visited a few exhibitions .
` Our headgear is fabulous ! ' says Apollo , the god of music and poetry and the hottest club in West Hollywood .
The same hyperstylized , comic book-come-to-life approach that created an invigorating experience for viewers of 300 elevates Immortals above the level of a Clash of the Titans knock-off .
It 's a murky , addled affair , the CGI effects are third-rate and the violence makes it unsuitable for young audiences .
Immortals looks gorgeous . The CGI is rendered with imaginative care and a real sense of wonder and danger in underscoring the action . It is the real star
Nothing really to write home about or pay 3D prices for .
part history , part mythology , and largely a violent spectacle of state of the art effects , Immortals is a wannabe epic blockbuster , a visually striking but emotionally barren tale that lacks a coherent , unified conception .
The fact is that Immortals would be better if it were a silent movie .
The posters read `` From the Producers of 300 '' and , like Zack Snyder 's film , Immortals has little on its mind but conveying the buzz of martial glory .
comes across more as a high-budget direct-to-video sequel to 300 that has nothing to do with 300 whatsoever
Immortals ' beauty is undeniable - rendered with the stunning prowess of a true artist - but it sits atop an incoherent hash of pretense and bloodletting .
The one thing I did not expect from a Tarsem movie is that it would n't look good .
This monumental tale of warring gods and men is a beautiful , dead thing , bereft of organic or kinetic life .
Singh is a talented and eccentric visual artist with no creative future in the movie business .
By combining gorgeous art direction and lighting generally reserved for Renaissance oil paintings , director Tarsem Singh goes all in on the movie 's visuals while ignoring virtually everything else .
as old-school epic entertainment dressed up with state-of-the-art effects-including remarkably natural-looking 3D -- Immortals rates an easy A .
This is fairly forgettable , if ultra-violent material -LRB- Parental Movie Review also available -RRB-
As mythic spectacles go , it beats Clash Of The Titans , particularly in the areas of intimidating villainy and actual Titan-clashing .
Audiences with a bloodlust can feast on all the carnage , but those hungry for some real emotion will be left craving more .
Solid yet hardly sensational , no luxury sedan but a good compact -- fairly efficient in its operation , typically clean in look , and guaranteed to reach its destination with a minimum of fuss .
For all the gob-smacking violence , the most glaring clash here is n't between otherworldly deities and their worshippers , but between the artistry of the gifted director Tarsem Singh and the requirements of a formulaic Hollywood blockbuster .
a stylised postmodern Theseid , both epic and odd
As expected , Tarsem Singh delivers big time visually . If only he 'd learn to put the same amount of time and energy into honing his script first .
The movie 's landscape is a disappointingly barren digital domain , the same gray cliffs , deserts and seas familiar from 300 and so many game-worlds .
There are some striking moments - ... bloody battles in which people are speared , beheaded , or pulverized-but there is no overarching visual concept that is worthy of the director 's reputation . We might as well be watching Clash of the Titans .
On pause , I imagine Immortals would mesmerize and intrigue , but in motion , accompanied by a thunderous score , muddy 3D and bland theatrics , it fizzles out .
Henry Cavill is on the verge of stardom .
A wanton melange of skewed Greek history and fractured mythology ... the action movie equivalent of one of those spectacular Broadway musicals where you come out humming the sets because the music is so banal .
Trashy fun .
You feel that at any moment Steve Reeves might come bellowing around the corner - and that 's no bad thing .
Immortals lacks the inexorable forward momentum of its role model 300 , as well as that movie 's audacious , gleeful fascism and oblivious , accidental homoeroticism .
The film is handsome enough to recommend on the strength of the visuals alone , which is basically what I 'm doing .
Puffed-up style worthy of trumped-up lore .
However indulgent , Tarsem brings art museums to the movies , thrillingly injecting popular fantasy with acute senses of the classic and the avant garde .
It 's a movie about myth with no sense of magic .
Watchable sword and sandal fantasy epic enlivened by director Tarsem Singh 's typically stunning production design and some enjoyable action scenes .
Immortals does n't lack a sense of wonder . You spend most of the film wondering why they bothered making it .
The pity is that Tarsem 's intelligence does n't connect his cinematic eye to his narrative mind . The director 's visual gift is like a brilliant retina , detached .
As in his `` The Fall , '' director Tarsem Singh 's visual instincts overwhelm his storytelling finesse .
If it 's violence ye seek , and violently confused storytelling , look ye no further .
`` The Immortals '' is without doubt the best-looking awful movie you will ever see .
A mash-up of ancient myth and CGI that often looks very impressive , but does n't make a lot of sense .
Half `` 300 '' and half `` Clash of the Titans , '' although duller and sillier than both combined .
The story might be routine and the characters void of much personality , but Tarsem knows the power of spectacle .
You 'll want to frame -LSB- Tarsem 's -RSB- work , not watch , listen to and experience it for nearly two hours .
I do n't think `` Immortals '' ends up being a good movie , but like all of Singh 's films , it 's going to make a killer full-color , glossy coffee table book .
Immortals is worth seeing just for the battle prowess of Zeus and his cronies .
The blood flows , the decapitated heads roll and the muscles glisten . Unfortunately , Tarsem does n't seem as interested in the souls within those bodies .
Singh 's features never achieve a critical feel of humanity , always cold to the touch . They are museum pieces meant to be acknowledged , not necessarily enjoyed .
Few directors offer such a geometric mise en scene .
An impeccably dressed yawnfest .
We can only wonder how much less fighting there would be if these warriors could just find some other hobbies .
Just one more example of why this would be a better movie world if the screenplay were perceived as being the most crucial element of a film package .
On the outside , Immortals is something to behold . On the inside , however , everything is dry and dull .
Does n't Greece have enough problems ?
John Hurt , wearing a Captain Caveman outfit , pops up here and there to give advice .
Where are the gods of Olympus when you need them ? I ask on behalf of `` Immortals , '' because mere mortals were apparently not able to create a movie that actually made sense .
It wo n't do anything to win over those not already partial to Tarsem 's style , but it has more than enough blood , guts and glamour to satisfy - and Cavill looks like a superman .
Your critic is torn between the responsibilities of the role -LRB- dutifully , I would warn cynics away -RRB- and the giddiness of a moviegoer who just had a great time at the pictures .
Ambitious , visually striking and virtually nonstop in its carnage ...
Logic melts away completely and the pic 's raison d'etre emerges -- namely , to justify staging a fight scene for the ages .
Visually stunning , but heavy-handed and lacking a single moment that evinces any relish for movie-making .
Sing to me , O Muse , of gods and men , of timeless legends and forgettable retreads . Speak of `` Immortals , '' and answer in all seriousness : did you even read that awful script ?
Director Tarsem Singh Dhandwar slathers things with eyecatching visuals - luscious CGI effects , vertiginous camera angles , a treacly amber glow - and keeps every frame watchable , however foolish and stilted the utterances emerging from people 's mouths .
A hyper-violent slab of enjoyably silly blockbuster schlock , but by no means essential viewing .
-LSB- It 's -RSB- being sold as just another hit of digital bloodlust for the 300 crowd , but it 's more : there 's a high grandeur to it and a strange , redemptive sort of reverence .
With `` Immortals , '' Singh finally acknowledges that he 's making movies , rather than just beautiful moving pictures .
For all the digital mastery Immortals boasts , its hokey story leaves the film adrift .
-LSB- VIDEO -RSB- Immortals is a big-screen popcorn movie to send off 2011 with a bang . You can taste the fury .
There 's fighting , disemboweling , limb and head-severing and blood - an entire hard drive 's worth of CG blood . There 's not nearly as much plot , in fact , as there is blood .
Spectacle and spectacular are often confused for one another in stories of epic adventure , but Immortals is the rare film where they are one and the same .
A new action hero is born as Gods and men clash in the visually stunning Immortals .
Tarsem Singh may well be an artistic visionary . Unfortunately , his sense of storytelling here is vision-impaired .
Immortals is aimed squarely at the macho crowd , with the emphasis on heroics and bone-crunching violence in 3-D , with a splash of sexy time to lighten the mood and detract from the flaccid script .
Underwritten , dramatically shallow and visually disappointing ; unlike the myths on which it is based , Immortals will be quickly forgotten .
-LSB- P -RSB- retty much completely bonkers , and that is its secret and its glory ... I never got emotionally caught up the characters , but I could n't tear my eyes away from Singh 's impressionism ...
With its clashing Titans , gorgeous costumes and toned bodies , Immortals has something for all , though its main appeal may be to those who enjoy slo-mo exploding heads in 3D .

@highlight

The melding of real sets , CG work , and Tarsem 's signature style produces fireworks , though the same ca n't be said for Immortals slack , boring storytelling .