Charlotte 's Web is absolutely one of the best films of the year .
Kids will love it , I just kind of liked it .
This Charlotte 's Web is a live-action remake , à la Babe . And while the live action distinguishes it from its cartoon predecessor of 1973 , it makes it bear entirely too much resemblance to the Babe series .
Hides a big heart beneath a small piglet .
There 's enough of White 's original spirit that survives the Hollywoodization to keep the little girls happy .
Steve Buscemi 's invigorating vocal characterization of Templeton the rat is the only high point in this sleep-inducing live action-animated revamp of the 1973 animated classic based on E.B White 's 1952 children 's book .
In this live action movie , with talking animals and a good deal of clever computer-generated imagery , Julia Roberts does the talking for Charlotte and only confirmed arachnophobes such as myself will resist her charms .
If you can identify all the voices before the credits roll up , you are a better man than I.
Hilarious and heart-warming , this is a real crowd-pleaser for all ages .
Most of the problem is that everything feels very familiar , while the movie 's moralising tone grates very quickly .
Hardly the equal of Babe but the superior voice cast and Fanning 's unforced charm make for another film that 'll put you off pork forever .
This film does what all children 's films should do : not just offer lots of entertaining things to look at , but teach children how to look at the world with curiosity , attentiveness and joy .
It 's hard to go wrong with a cute liddle piggy .
Adult audiences tend to find -LSB- Dakota Fanning -RSB- rather shrill - witnessing -LSB- her -RSB- at full shriek is like being attacked by a colony of bats . For this reason , Charlotte 's Web is probably one for youngsters only .
If they 'd stopped yammering for just a few minutes , White 's heartbreaking ending might have retained its poignancy . As it is , it 's little more than a blessed relief .
Never less than watchable , thanks to its superb cast , but kids will enjoy it more than adults will .
Youngsters will warm to the barn 's talking animals and perhaps even shed a tear at the sight of a spider shuffling off the mortal coil . Arachnaphobes , though , are advised to approach with caution .
Cute and sweet , and if it lacks great wit or magic , at least it has the courage to remain faithful to the gentle sadness and ` realism ' of the original material .
Manages to snuff the spark that has made Charlotte 's Web so beloved over the years .
Any tears you may shed will be wholly earned .
This is only the second time in my life I cried over a spider . The first time was when I was a child and I accidentally stepped on a pet spider I had captured . This is an exceptional family movie .
Charlotte herself has been turned from a small , grey spider into a creature with a furry , teddy bear face . The result is an odd blend of Wilfred Brimley , Grizzly Adams , and Fozzie Bear .
Uma adaptação burocrática e sem vida .
Babe , the movie that set the standard for the GCI talking critter flicks , was so much better ...
Some movie .
Do n't be put off by the G rating . I know a lot of adults who could learn from a talking pig .
I think what 's most valuable here is the gentle reminder that lives are short , friendship is priceless and words can make a difference . The movie Charlotte 's Web is n't a classic , but the message is .
The writers and director get the balance right , never tipping over into either sentiment or preachiness .
What Charlotte 's Web has always had going for it , and what I imagine kids will always cling to , is a sweet , simple , and timeless story about the power of friendship and the acceptance of loss , a story that 's told faithfully here .
There 's too much talent and too strong a story to mess it up . There was potential for more here , but this incarnation is nothing to be ashamed of , and some of the actors answer the bell .
There are highly unnecessary fart jokes -LRB- okay , we all know kids get a giggle out of passing gas , but does every child-centric movie have to cater to this whim ? -RRB- , and some of the expanded animal characters do n't have much point .
Woe be to the child who does n't mist up at this movie , since it 's been made if not with zip , wit , or imagination , then at least with sweetness . But I hope no one will think the film is an adequate replacement for White 's book . That would be a crime .
Despite all of Winick 's best efforts to Disneyfy the bearded Charlotte , she still looks alarmingly like an eight-legged beatnik .
Plenty charming and the theme of friendship and loyalty is beautifully illustrated .
while not a perfect adaptation of the classic book , one that pulls all the right heartstrings while never talking down to its audience
Works better in the more mature passages ... than those focusing on slapdash antics .
A lackluster live-action remake of E.B. White 's classic children 's tale .
Just a nice sweet family flick , exceedingly well-made and surprisingly witty .
When Fern at last abandons her overalls for a pretty yellow dress , her mom feels reassured . But really , tomboys can be mature too .
Some Movie !
A quiet work of some charm and wit that captures the essence of White 's story with a minimum of pandering to modern tastes .
It 's refreshing to watch a movie that is both artistically brilliant and truly family friendly .
Charlotte 's Web is so good it almost makes a carnivore want to boycott pork .
Its the talking pig movie for the next generation !
Winick 's Web ca n't contend with White 's lyrical book or the flawless animated feature in the long run .
Charlotte 's Web is a beautiful tale of friendship that spoons out the virtues of kindness and generosity without a medicinal taste .
Charlotte 's Web has all the requisite elements that a family film needs to succeed and endure : humor , drama , pathos , and an emotionally satisfying ending .
Fanning 's ubiquity and uncannily adult mien have given rise to a fair amount of backlash ... but I , for one , remain fully in her thrall .
to borrow a line from the beloved spider , Charlotte , her new movie is simply `` Terrific , '' `` Radiant '' and `` Some Film ! ''
Not magical , but a fresh adaptation of the classic children 's book about a spider that saves a pig from the smokehouse .
Not bad , just a bland , kids-only affair .
Happy happy , joy joy ... This is a wonder of gentle humor , tender sentiment , and uplifting philosophy about the joys of friendship , the marvels of nature , the circle of life .
-LSB- Charlotte -RSB- already picked the best words to describe the latest movie adaptation : terrific , radiant and humble .
A simple story that 's simply delightful .
The voice talent seems selected for marquee value rather than the ability to create a character . But the power of the story retains its genuine magic and , like Fern , audiences will find this barnyard a place they want to stay .
Competence and a core faithfulness are enough to communicate the simple charms of E.B. White 's perennial children 's novel .
Earnest , effective and entertaining , although in no way an adequate substitute for the much richer experience of White 's novel .
Best of all may be the narration , by Sam Shepard : His voice , the kind of voice God might have if he 'd ever smoked Camels , frames this gentle but potent little story with good-natured authority , making it feel modern and ageless at once .
In the end , the pros and cons all just add up to that same bit of modern-day kid-movie praise : It could have been so much worse .
Charlotte 's Web , with its insistently ` magical ' theme music , an overbearing climax and a trough full of bad jokes , is merely adequate .
Much of Charlotte 's Web 's piercing sweetness emanates from its performers .
Director Gary Winick does n't downplay the tough stuff -- a matter-of-fact cut from Wilbur 's first reprieve to a pan full of frying breakfast bacon connects adorable pink piglets and yummy pork products with admirable clarity .
It 's a movie so modest and gentle , you 'll hear your neighbour 's popcorn crunch . But you may also hear your heart beating . And there 's nothing wrong with that .
The film , directed by Gary Winick -LRB- 13 Going on 30 -RRB- has a sweetness of its own .
Charlotte 's Web , a splendid new screen adaptation of White 's 1952 children 's book , gloriously brings the classic to life . If you 've never read it , this is a perfect introduction .
In this crafty version of the E.B. White classic , critters say the darndest things , humans are often marginal -LRB- and mom frying bacon is darn tactless -RRB- , humor and warmth keep bubbling up .
Charlotte 's Web gives E.B. White 's classic tale a spiffy cinematic update but leaves its core values intact . Visually accomplished and heartfelt , this G-rated gem is radiant , terrific and really some film .
Combine the fine voice work with remarkable animal performances , subtle computer graphics and an evocative Danny Elfman music score , and you have the makings of a timeless family movie .
The filmmakers have the taste and good sense not to trash White 's classic by lacing their narrative with pop culture references .
The movie may not be perfect , but it beautifully distills White 's simple message . We are all born to die . But we are also born to befriend .
The movie is slow to establish its world of talking animals , but once it starts to work , it works well , and Wilbur becomes a fully dimensional character .
`` Some pig ? '' Sure . Some spider . And some book . Some movie , too .
Unfortunately , Charlotte 's Web is an unremarkable collection of cute kids , talking animals and syrupy sentiment . There 's little of White 's original spare style and even less to entertain anyone but the very undemanding .
Like its porcine protagonist , E.B. White 's classic 1952 story Charlotte 's Web manages to be both radiant and humble . If only the same could be said for Gary Winick 's live-action adaptation , which is neither .
The heart-wrenching ending left a preview audience -- adults included -- shamelessly blubbering .
Fanning is n't quite right . No doubt the ubiquitous young lady is the first child actor anyone pictures as Fern , but is there ever a moment in which the audience is n't aware they 're watching Dakota Fanning in the part ?
The ads promise magic , but apart from the requisite heart-tugging finale , what it delivers is uneventful .
As my daughter noted after the movie , Wilbur is n't any ordinary pig . As Charlotte writes in her web , he is ` some pig . ' That , he is , and here he gets his just due with a movie that honors his humility and grace in fine fashion .
Charlotte 's Web ends on a grace note that should keep you feeling whimsical for many days after .
Charlotte 's Web adapts a classic , which is not to say it is one .
What do you say about a mediocre movie adaptation of a literary masterpiece ? Could have been worse ? Or , it could have been much , much better , but even then it probably would n't measure up to the original ?
How could Charlotte 's Web go wrong ? It does n't . It 's a perfectly respectful , take-the-kids , down-home but enchanting-enough adaptation of the story of a pig who learns about life from a spider . Take the kids , especially the young , unsullied ones .
Fans of E.B. White 's elegant , droll style will be happy to know it is wonderfully faithful to the book . I know because I read it as soon as I came home from the movie .
This new live-action adaptation of the beloved children 's book falls back on trickery -LRB- mostly CGI enhancements -RRB- and lowbrow humor , at least to a certain degree , as if the filmmakers did n't believe in the material as much as they should .
It 's a beautiful story , rendered only semi-precious in this earnest but flawed re-creation .
OK , Charlotte 's Web may not be Babealiciousness , but that does n't mean that the movie , an often charming adaptation of a classic E.B. White story , does n't succeed on its own .
Some will bristle at liberties taken . Cows do indeed break wind . Yet the movie 's use of flatulence is less a nod to rural truths than a reliance on what has become a go-to gag in movie 's made for the booster-seat set .
Despite some juvenile humor and a red-carpet vocal cast , this Web is spun with emotional resonance that sticks .
While certainly not just ` some pig , ' it is n't exactly ` terrific ' or ` radiant , ' either .
Winick and company do a fine job of capturing a bit of the magic found in White 's original , and while not all of the melodiously intricate subtleties shine through just enough sparkle forth to make the movie a fondly heartwarming good time .
Charlotte 's Web may not emerge from the shadow of that other talking pig movie , but in its own humble way , it is radiant .
Fortunately , this version gets it right . To quote another classic involving an adorable little swine , `` That 'll do , pig . ''
Winick moves the film through some darkness to get to the light and White 's message is served well .
... those looking for safe family entertainment this season are not likely to find more of a sure thing than Charlotte 's Web .
Fair family entertainment ... the basic appeal of White 's story is sturdy enough to survive the filmmakers ' more dubious choices .
retains many of the book 's charms and much of its warmth ... this beguiling adaptation makes it clear why White 's story has enchanted three generations of readers .
I 'm having great trouble understanding why the 2006 live-action adaptation does n't register more profoundly . Oh wait , it 's the farting . It 's always the farting .
Special stories like this are rare and so are the films which treat them with the respect they deserve . It may ultimately be a story about death , but I like to think of it as one of forever .
If you are taking your kid to see Charlotte 's Web , you better not plan on serving ham for Christmas dinner .
With elements both bad and good , I find my opinion in the middle , perhaps just more glad that the time spent was passably pleasant .
Julia Robert spent 2006 catatonically voicing an ant in The Ant Bully , a film no one saw , and a spider in Charlotte 's Web , a film that every child who poops their pants can stand to benefit from .
It does n't turn E.B. White into a travesty , but it manages to make him border on inane .
The respectfulness ... ca n't be denied , but beneath it lies an undue sense of entitlement : of big stars and big egos crashing a party where they 're not entirely welcome .
does n't really encroach on the legacy and success of its animated ancestor
A whimsical and warmly appealing adaptation of the children 's classic .
Children of all ages , even those not old enough to read , can enjoy the journey .
Director Gary Winick and writers Susannah Grant and Karey Kirkpatrick preserve White 's lovely observations , often using his language .
To paraphrase the novel 's famous last lines , it 's not often a story comes along that can make for both a great book and a wonderful movie . Charlotte 's Web is n't both .
The film stays mostly true to the values , tenets and lessons that White espoused and , as a period piece of a simpler time of Americana , it looks great as well .
This is one case where the special effects do what they are supposed to do : enhance the movie instead of taking it over .
Gary Winick 's film may not be perfect , but it honors its source and captures the key elements that have made E. B. White 's book a classic .
Gary Winick 's version of Charlotte 's Web captures the moral spirit of E.B. White 's hugely popular barnyard fable .
Remember the peaceful atmosphere of bedtime storytelling ? The kind that allows parent and child to take satisfaction in the story , not the teller ? That 's how Charlotte draws you into its web .
This adaptation adds some characters and lots of gags , but is really quite faithful to the spirit and story line of E.B. White 's touching classic .
This story could be used as a wonderful learning tool for children dealing with loss .
This beloved , quintessentially American children 's tale weaves sheer magic , becoming the best family film of the year .
Because this Charlotte -- eschewing animation for real humans -LRB- adorable Dakota Fanning as Fern -RRB- and real animals that seem to talk -- this Charlotte gets you .
Director Gary Winick keeps the film 's modesty of scale and generosity of spirit in mind throughout . The story has a pull like few others , and Sam Shepard 's narration keeps everything easy and unpretentious , in sync with White 's prose .
Pork producers may not be high on it , but moviegoers are going to love Charlotte 's Web .
There are pleasures to be had from a family film that does n't scamper from one action sequence to the next .
This is Some Picture .
Walden Media should be applauded for continuing on their mission to bring high-quality family-centric fare to audiences without infusing every scene with an ironic wink .
What I can say , without equivocating , is that E.B. White 's wise and wonderful children 's classic is now a very nice motion picture .
-LSB- The film -RSB- relies heavily on the voices , though the actors are sometimes miscast -LRB- Julia Roberts as the spider -RRB- or chosen more for their on-screen personas than their pipes -LRB- Steve Buscemi as the rat -RRB- .
Some pig , in a so-so but lovingly made movie .
A delightful and enchanting screen version of the children 's classic by E.B. White about friendship , the awesome power of words , and the real life of the imagination .
... suffused with the golden warmth of childhood fondly remembered .
There is nothing magical here , but there is nothing blasphemous either .
If I could spin a web , I would declare `` Charlotte 's Web '' SOME FILM !
It 's a movie that might just inspire E.B. White , up in literary heaven , to wipe away a tear of gratitude .
Have a Kleenex handy .
Though Charlotte 's Web looks and sounds nice enough , it radiates familiarity and blandness ... has none of the gossamer quality needed to bring the 1952 classic to life .
Given a choice between reading the book again and seeing this film version , I 'd go with the book , but the film is nicely done and quite cute .
Corny ? Overly simplistic ? Perhaps . But those were grown-ups snuffling and wiping away tears at a recent screening -- not kids -- as the story reaches its heart-tugging conclusion . And there 's no shame in that .
Breathe easy : Gary Winick 's new , live-action Charlotte 's Web pic does not screw up one of the seminal works of American children 's literature .
I think this would have worked better as a fully animated film .
This highly polished picture is superficially faithful , even reverential to its source , but evinces neither imagination nor a personality of its own .
Almost as sweet as the children 's classic novel , `` Charlotte 's Web '' is just , well , crawling with entertainment .
Watching the film , I got ta tell you , I got the creeps big time . Call me a pansy , but I do n't like spiders in real life , or in imaginary barns on a big screen .
A beautifully rendered motion picture that 's full of warmth , wit and wonder .
If you love life , then you 'll love Charlotte 's Web .
It 's cute , funny and the animals are gorgeous , but I ca n't help wishing that the filmmakers of Charlotte 's Web had not opted to make this new adaptation a live action film .





@highlight

Kids will be entertained by the straightforward plot and cute animals , and adults will be charmed by how quiet and humble the production is , a fine translation of E.B. White 's genteel prose .