Camille Claudel 1915 is the first Dumont film I would truly consider boring . Everything it works so hard to convince us of , we have heard so many times before .
With a stripped-down , bare-faced performance , Juliette Binoche is utterly wonderful in this tense French drama .
A powerhouse performance by Juliette Binoche provides the beating , tortured heart of this finely wrought and very affecting film about the later life of sculptor Camille Claudel .
This is a stark film , about the human condition at its most base and degraded .
This is a difficult film , but made with impressive formal rigour .
This later history of Claudel , which stars Juliette Binoche , is spare , harsh and minimalistic , as one would expect from Bruno Dumont .
Throughout it all , Binoche 's face shivers with emotions that Claudel herself can not pin down .
Binoche is excellent in a part that trades not on her beauty but her mind , portraying a woman whose talent made her dangerous in less enlightened times .
A luminous performance from Juliette Binoche is the star attraction in this intense and challenging historical drama .
It is a deeply sombre , deeply affecting film , based on real events , about the ordeal of Camille Claudel .
As non-plot becomes plot , so `` shapelessness '' finds its own shape . The film gathers mass , power and beauty as if unguided .
The film stops dead in its tracks with the introduction of stout Catholic brother Paul Claudel .
Dumont 's commitment to tone and aesthetics is remorseless - this was an injustice , and you will suffer accordingly for 94 minutes . But it 's not just suffering for suffering 's sake .
A measured , challenging historical drama but also one of Dumont 's more accessible films .
Juliette Binoche gives a wonderful performance as Camille , conveying the intelligence , anxiety , anger and isolation of an artist abandoned by her family .
Juliette Binoche is brilliant , but the movie is a bit of a slog and its use of real mental patients as extras feels uncomfortably close to exploitation .
What emerges is a demanding but hypnotic , probing portrait of an artist denied her art , by a director in total command of his .
As meticulous as one of Claudel 's sculptures , Hors Satan director Dumont and his star do this true-life story justice with an empathetic telling .
An eerie and austere film charting the nightmarish response of the French sculptress to her imprisonment in an asylum .
A deeply unsettling experience , a muffled cry from and for a woman cast aside by her family and by history .
Camille Claudel 1915 is a film of stark , sober rewards , and possibly Dumont 's finest .
The camera stays on -LSB- Binoche -RSB- for long periods , and we become complicit in her suffering . It 's a great performance in a movie that is difficult to watch .
At some point during the making of `` Camille Claudel 1915 , '' writer-director Bruno Dumont surely must have considered featuring Juliette Binoche 's face in extreme close-up for the film 's entire running time .
A genuine , and riveting , star turn .
Although nothing really happens throughout the 93-minute run time , the emotional conflicts that envelop the character of Camille kept me wondering , too - why is she there ?
Binoche makes the tragedy palpable .
Despite its austere beauty , elegant triptych-like structure and faultlessly disciplined performances , `` Camille Claudel 1915 '' still raises more questions than it answers ...
It 's a film about entrapment , whether by an incompetent , unforgiving bureaucracy or something bigger .
Equal parts character-study and social commentary , Dumont 's film weighs the soul and promise of an artist who was sold down the river by her mentor and by her family members .
Art and madness have always coexisted , but Camille Claudel , 1915 is about what happens when you take away the art and stifle a troubled , extraordinary mind .
A touching , and sad , piece of history and a brilliant performance by Juliette Binoche .
Strong feminist interpretation to tragic thwarted creativity ... Binoche fiercely embodies extraordinary woman working to act normal surrounded by abnormal and -LSB- no -RSB- freedom .
Juliette Binoche , as Claudel , is occasionally touching , but as soon as interest flares , the movie suffocates it via endless takes of her suffering through daily chores .
Camille Claudel , 1915 is as ascetic and austere as anything -LSB- Bruno Dumont 's -RSB- done , and definitely not for everyone .
It seems like a departure , but soon turns into a Bruno Dumont film-and one of his most rigorous and powerful at that .
Mesmerizing and heartbreaking with a brave , raw and convincingly moving performance by Juliette Binoche .
Whatever nuance the movie has , it owes to Binoche 's performance ; despite the material and visual context , she 's able to convey a sense of contradiction and inner life .
By the end , you are left with a feeling of helplessness , rage , and a kind of abstracted bafflement . How did this happen ?
One of the year 's thorniest releases .
Ms. Binoche 's portrayal of Camille is one of the most wrenching performances she has given .
Exploitative as this may seem in theory , it works beautifully onscreen , mostly because of Binoche 's radiantly complicated humanity .
Despite beautiful cinematography and Juliette Binoche in the title role , Bruno Dumont 's biopic is a dull fictionalized depiction of three days of the eponymous sculptor 's 30-year confinement .
Juliette Binoche 's face , as we know , can tell a million stories in a simple and brief rearrangement of her facial muscles .
It 's an impossibly hopeless situation , yet Dumont 's craft and Binoche 's face somehow achieve transcendence .
A worthy film of such glacial pacing that it unfortunately borders on the soporific .

@highlight

Camille Claudel , 1915 is n't an easy watch , but Juliette Binoche 's excellent performance makes it worth the effort .