The Forest desperately wants to be intelligent psychological horror but fails at every corner
Dormer is a refreshing presence but the film is short of genuine , grown-up scares .
The Forest made me wonder if the reason we have yet to see the Matthew McConaughey/Ken Watanabe film Sea of Trees , also about Aokigahara , is because it 's really hard to make a movie about the suicide forest that is n't tasteless and exploitative .
Someone made the decision to economize on story and amp up the chase sequences .
By the time the film reaches its ridiculous ending , it has stretched our disbelief to the point of failing to see the point for the trees .
The Forest -LSB- is -RSB- a decent horror movie that offers plenty of shriek-worthy moments . But its more interesting aspects are the repressed guilt and sorrow at its core .
Rest assured your last camping trip packed more thrills .
Alas , there 's no real sense of tension as the story -LRB- credited to three writers -RRB- lurches toward a by-the-numbers ending .
The Forest plunders the J-horror vocabulary to muster what jumps it can , and is pretty nice to look at . But only the really good horror films know how to end on a high note , and this is n't one of them .
There 's absolutely nothing to it .
The film feels more like an expertly crafted missed opportunity , a suspense opus filled with some solidly intriguing ideas that for some reason it refuses to investigate .
Disturbingly manipulative and yet totally conventional , The Forest is more memorable for being opportunistic than for being truly frightening .
The eminently watchable Natalie Dormer is front and centre in the new psychological horror from first-time director Jason Zada , but you ca n't help but think that the actress deserved better .
Natalie Dormer is n't a very emotionally expressive actress , and The Forest does her no favors by saddling her with Taylor Kinney as a co-star , an actor who radiates insincerity .
The Forest comes off like a theme-park haunted house , complete with laughable skeletons that drop down from branches and look like they were purchased from the party costume aisle .
A movie that had a lot of potential ... and they wasted it all ! -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A weak plot and clichéd special effects prove to be its undoing .
The premise and the setting are far more chilling than the film itself , .
The film ends up becoming just another generic horror film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
There are n't many quality scares on display in this latest horror flop which spends most of its time over-explaining itself while offering very little excitement or interesting insight into its terribly unexplored and uncreative world of spirits .
Although the movie 's hardly destined to figure on anyone 's ` top ten horror movies ' list , it 's guaranteed to provide a few thrills and spills for the ninety-odd minutes you spend in its company in the multiplex .
Interesting proposal to mix a specific cultural tradition with a contemporary horror story , albeit with mixed results despite the good atmosphere . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Neither the premise saves this film from boredom , the easy frights and the ridiculous plot . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
We are packed onto a poorly designed ghost train and hurtled past a randomly arranged array of stuff that would fail to frighten even the frailest infant .
An absurd and boring product of horror . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Right from the start , filmmaker Jason Zada begins filling scenes in this horror movie with insinuating elements involving eerie noises , deep shadows and sudden jolts .
The script gets increasingly muddled and sadly the scares are n't good enough to compensate .
Despite an effective early creepiness , the story becomes incoherent and director Jason Zada relies on increasingly redundant shock tactics .
Dormer is more than capable of carrying the film but The Forest feels like just another attempt to make us jump using rather obvious means .
The tourist 's eye view of Japan grates -LRB- all live sushi and sidelined indigenous characters -RRB- as much as the absence of originality .
Not only does it end up being just another mediocre horror film , it also nullifies its own scares with . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
A morality tale that if you 're good and helpful and choose not to pick away at darkness and evil you 're a lot more likely to find yourself in something deep and odious and disastrous .
Zada keeps the tiresome terrors coming , though they 're undermined by his consistently formulaic approach .
A shame then that despite some flair for impressive visuals , first-time director Jason Zada ca n't muster much in the way of actual horror , which is kind of a problem when you 're making a horror movie .
The storytelling is very perfunctory . Some of the shock tactics are moderately effective but , as the film-makers attempt to combine traditional horror movie elements with insights into the troubled psychology of their heroine , they soon lose their way .
Zada fails to capitalise on his promising premise , instead relying on cheap jump-shocks - wide-eyed Nipponese schoolgirls running at the camera - where he could be mining the creepy legend for genuine scares .
The Forest is a dumb and dreary horror movie that 's notable only for its racial insensitivities , lack of horror , and for making Natalie Dormer from Game of Thrones play identical twins distinguished only by hair colour .
Unearned jump-scares abound - handily , Japan is full of toothless OAPs who randomly leap at young women during the night - as do the kind of obviously digitally augmented ghouls that dispel a creepy atmosphere on contact .
It 's a very by-the-numbers movie , and Aokigahara becomes just another generic creepy forest that might as well be fictional .
The film 's biggest problem is its over-reliance on familiar genre tropes - a succession of cheap jump scares releases the dramatic tension instead of adding to it .
The low-budget horror genre have provided yet another forgettable entry .
A lackluster suspense film without any good qualities . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The silly , hand-me-down scares just do n't chill .
Audiences will certainly want to think twice before entering these woods , but mainly because we 've seen it all before .
Yet another American horror movie that draws on xenophobic assumptions to build scares .
Incoherent , predictable , absurd , slow , cliche , dumb , repetitive , poorly acted and ultimately boring . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Dormer gives a nicely layered double performance as both twins-at least for the first hour or so , before the cheap scares and nonsense take over .
A horror-film cliché so appallingly overused , there 's probably a iMovie plug-in to add it to your own film . But that 's what awaits you if you make it through this one . If you go down to the woods today , you 're not in for much of a surprise .
The story in The Forest is contrived , but director Jason Zada brings the creepy , on occasion . He just does n't do it enough .
The first film of 2016 should have been shot before it exited the paddock . Not only would it have been merciful , it would have saved me from 90 minutes of sheer tedium .
Sara might be the victim on screen , but viewers forced to sit through her stupidity are the real victims in The Forest .
Tepid and unimaginative ...
An embarrassingly dreadful mess of a movie that is neither fun nor stirring , and certainly is n't very scary .
A dull ghost story that never gives any thrills to its more than patient audience who must endure characters that get lost in a haunted forest from which no one can escape . Horror was never so boring .
With no compelling characters , scares , or plot points to redeem The Forest , the best option for those curious about Aokigahara is probably to watch a 20-minute 2005 VICE documentary about it .
Jason Zada 's narrative feature debut stays in the safe zone but is a good ride .
After about half an hour , I found myself thinking how much nicer it would be to go for a decent walk myself , which is n't really the reaction this sort of movie is supposed to elicit .
With jump scares and cornball demon faces lurking around every corner , the more ambient -LRB- and important -RRB- existential despair of Aokigahara is lost .
Pretty bad , even for a January release .
The Forest is littered with breadcrumbs leading to a better film . Let 's hope some other horror filmmakers find them .
The Forest is plodding and uninspired , not particularly frightening and , worst of all , boring .
`` The Forest '' delivers as a healthy dose of psychological cinematic terror and an impressive first feature directing effort .
The snap of a twig , the rustle of a branch - that 's about as scary as it gets in The Forest , a supernatural horror movie afraid of its own shadow .
You ca n't see the forest for the jump scares .
A couple of good jolts , a pair of decent jokes . That 's it .
Formulaic , wannabe horror story that fails to evoke the necessary suspense to sustain audience interest .
Watching this film is like paying a visit to a schoolmate who never got tired of joy buzzers and whoopee cushions .
A mid-grade , bloodless PG-13 horror flick whose only distinction is that it 's not as aggressively bad as most of the films of this type that are dumped in theaters every January .
This ghost story starts off well , with an interesting setup and characters , but then it starts relying too much on cheap jump-scares and eventually lets the mystery slip away and fall apart .
Any compelling sense of unease is ultimately undone as the film gradually settles for tedious schlock .
Relying more on mood than blood , special effects and frenetic action , first-time director Jason Zada makes a wise decision to turn The Forest into a psychological thriller . He puts Dormer -LRB- Game of Thrones -RRB- front and center , then strips her character down .
Nicely shot and scored but there 's not a whole lot of meat , style , or substance here .
Even worse than I thought it would be .
For a film all about loss and being lost , The Forest shows us how disoriented it was by dragging us along a familiar path with no real destination in mind .
The Forest aims for ambiguity and suspense but just gets lost in the woods .
Potential is buried so deeply within `` The Forest '' that is registers as mere ghostly whispers of a film far better than this ghoulishly graceless one .
... likely to elicit more shrugs than screams .
The Forest struggles to transform its spooky premise and haunting setting into memorable or unique on-screen movie scares .
A typically lackluster PG-13 horror effort ...
The Forest boasts a promising premise but squanders most of its goodwill as a result of narrative shortcuts and contrivances , horror film clichés , and haphazard editing .
If you 're going to base a horror story on something so gruesome , you ca n't wimp out . The Forest is n't the worst thing ever made , but it absolutely wimps out .
Consider this a horror movie for wussies .
Some of the jolts are pretty good , and the movie does n't cheat with its big revelations .
It wo n't make you lose any sleep when the night comes .
... a film full of jump-out-at-you moments that have been done many times before , and better .
A good setting can do wonders for a genre film , and director Jason Zada has landed a beaut here .
It 's best to wait for home viewing on this one .
Ambiguity is good in a horror movie , but with this many plot elements elbowing each other for room , none of them achieve enough clarity to be properly terrifying .
At least Dormer can now tick `` scream queen '' off her list of thankless jobs aspiring young actresses often have to do to establish themselves .
The film 's exploration into madness and the supernatural comes off feeling familiar
The Forest is a good showcase for Natalie Dormer as a leading lady but fails to build upon its promise . It 's not terrible , but still leaves you ultimately unsatisfied .
Not a total misfire , but this first feature from Jason Zada fails to capitalize on its fine setup , its competent cast , and its exquisite location .
The supernatural thriller `` The Forest '' begins with an intriguing premise and fun , ghost story-type potential but quickly devolves into convoluted hokum that produces more laughs than scares .
If you like J-horror , you 're going to like this nifty , little Japan-set hybrid . The talented and appealing Dormer plays American twins .
-LSB- a -RSB- disappointing affair given that it features a strong -LRB- dual -RRB- lead performance , production design , cinematography and sound mixing in service of a script which undermines everything it worked to establish .
The movie seems to be conceived as a slow burn , but it 's more like a faucet dripping lukewarm water .
A competent but failed attempt at salvaging a fairly lame horror premise .
The only thing good to say for `` The Forest '' is that Dormer is interesting , that she creates a different vibe and essence for each sister , and that it would be nice to see her in a better movie .
Whatever difference Zada 's relatively minimalist approach to scenes might make , it does not outweigh the overarching feeling that the movie falls into a predictable , repetitive routine .
Natalie Dormer is fiercely intelligent enough to make you think she 's not just another dumb horror movie protagonist .
The indiscriminate apathy with which it was made sheds off the screen like a contagion .
The night is dark and not so full of terrors in `` Game of Thrones '' star Natalie Dormer 's first foray into C-grade J-horror .
A promising location is wasted in a very run-of-the-mill , disposable horror effort .
These woods are intrinsically terrifying . In filtering those unique qualities through an overly familiar genre sensibility , the filmmakers have rendered them anything but .
A stupid ending with a boring movie attached .
The frightening-enough feature has something for everyone : outdoorsy suspense in an exotic location , strange Japanese schoolgirls and beautiful things to gaze upon .
Zada ca n't manage to build tension or sustain a consistent air of dread .
The movie gets completely lost , unsure if it wants to be a serious exploration of repressed memories or a work of giddy , spooky trash .
By the time the credits roll , nothing makes much sense , which is typical for this sort of horror-movie potboiler - the film 's trio of screenwriters apparently could n't find a decent ending between them .
Japan 's loony suicide culture seems like an adequately scary backdrop for a horror movie , but the routine horror flick `` The Forest '' mostly settles for cheap thrills .
The clichés are so thick , sometimes you ca n't see `` The Forest '' for the cheese .
The Forest is an incredibly well-made effort from first time feature filmmaker Jason Zada and features strong performances from both Natalie Dormer and Taylor Kinney .
You 're left feeling like you could get just as creeped out by reading a good Stephen King story and then going for a hike in Stanley Park .
A cure for insomnia .
A film as psychologically ambitious as The Forest demands nuance and we get only bullet points instead .
The real Aokigahara Forest might be a spooky and unsettling place , but the fictitious film that takes place inside it is anything but that . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Profanity , Violence , Scares , etc. - Also Available -RRB-
... one of those generic horror films you find at the video store or online streaming , unsure if you saw it but willing to take a chance . On your laptop this should do fine .
The so-called suicide forest 's cultural value is trivialized in the bum-rush to liberate the main characters from their agonies .
A pastiche of incongruities , a supernatural thriller opting for cheap , fleeting scare tactics over what it really wants to be but does n't have the courage with which to commit : a graceful , shiver-inducing allegory on depression , loss & the great unknown .
Based on a promising premise but quickly devolves into a grab bag of routine `` gotcha '' moments embedded in a plot that slides into incoherence and torpor .
The Forest is an almost passable thriller that wants to freak your mind , but a heavy-handed focus on cheap scares prevents it from doing so .
By the time the screenwriters unpack the inevitable third-act reversals and twists , it 's too little , too late , especially since those revelations rely upon an investment in the characters that the movie has expended too little effort in creating .
Dormer is sympathetic enough in her double scream-queen roles , and Zada shows an occasional aptitude for generating suspense through framing , music and sound design , even if the beats he hits are often tediously familiar .
A decently executed creeper built around a convincing performance by Natalie Dormer .
Zada gets credible performances from Dormer and Kinney , but their characters undergo such unlikely psychological contortions that these efforts are to no avail .
It 's OK to go into these woods because there 's not much to get spooked by in The Forest , unless you 're creeped out by the occasional Japanese schoolgirl .
`` The Forest '' is one of those horror movies that starts with an intriguing idea but has no idea what to do with it .
There 's not a lot of filmmaking energy in `` The Forest , '' and roughly 40 minutes of story surrounded by 45 more minutes of Dormer in nonverbal distress .
`` The Forest '' is flawed on so many levels . It 's a tiresome bore , and the story is filtered through white characters when an Asian lead could have carried the movie just fine .
A series of banal jump scares and pale apparitions .

@highlight

The Forest offers Natalie Dormer a few chances to showcase her range in a dual role , but they are n't enough to offset the fact that the movie 's simply not all that scary .