That such a canny manipulator of audiences could grind out a melodrama so grating and clichéd is hard to imagine .
Whatever else it should be , a big-screen movie about the contemporary landmark of the LGBT civil rights movement should n't be this lackluster .
A wooden script , bad lines delivered by amateurish actors , bizarre plot choices , and a set that some have said bears less resemblance to Christopher Street circa 1969 than Sesame Street or the Land of Oz .
It 's a good time to see Stonewall , if only to confirm the fragility of human rights and how far society has come , at least within the LGBT community .
... the execution is wholly wrong-headed .
Compared to a genuinely rousing gay-rights historical drama like Milk -LRB- 2008 -RRB- , Stonewall falls considerably short .
Stonewall is a movie about a pivotal moment in LGBT history as filtered through the perspective of a fictional hunk of Wonder Bread named Danny who steps off a bus from Indiana and right into a central role in the Christopher Street scene .
Disappointing gay-rights drama has sex , language , violence .
Despite the volatile subject matter , Stonewall is a rather bland rendering .
Stonewall is such a cataclysmic disaster of a film that I 'm surprised nobody has called FEMA yet to help with all the damage it 's done to the GLBTQ + community .
The Stonewall Riots were a triumph for a marginalized community , but Emmerich fails to convey the significance of the event in any meaningful fashion . The subject matter deserves better , and so do we .
... spends an excruciatingly long time on a happily ever after coda -LRB- 20 + minutes -RRB- about Danny and not enough of what followed after the riots .
It 's a high school play-ready version of the riots , a version more focused on outside characters and related inspiring lessons than even the riots themselves , and wears the rosest-colored glasses about the dynamics of the era in which it took place .
Almost everything that could go wrong does .
Where the social impact of the riots is lasting , the impact of the movie is negligible .
more than bad and worse than disappointing , a tragic distortion of a vitally important story that insults the people it tries to honor and insults its audience as well .
The worst Quantum Leap ever .
If someone set out to make an after-school special about street hustlers , this would be it .
This ca n't be the kind of equality that those Stonewall activists were fighting for : the right to have their story turned into formulaic historical fiction as tedious as the kind about straight people .
-LSB- Irvine -RSB- is with that tousled blonde hair and milky skin with its apple cheeks , a beautiful ephebe with no more emotional resonance than if he were actually carved from a pillar of marble .
It 's a self-financed passion project , from a man who might be the most financially successful out gay filmmaker ever . We should be celebrating this , but man , oh man , does he make it difficult .
The Stonewall Riots deserved a better movie and , unfortunately , Emmerich was not the guy who was going to deliver it .
Lends all new meaning to the phrase `` Roland Emmerich disaster movie '' .
Is n't a perfect movie by any means , but the good intentions are there .
Although handsomely crafted , well-acted and made with transparently noble intentions , Roland Emmerich 's `` Stonewall '' is a movie that seems destined to please almost no one .
Danny is n't all that interesting . And the sadder fact is that the filmmakers seem to know that , but worry an audience wo n't identify with a more flamboyant character . So they present this safer , paler alternative .
Even the look of the movie , something a Hollywood veteran like Emmerich should be able to nail with his eyes closed , is flat and clichéd .
There may be a good movie to be made about the Stonewall riots , which triggered much of the gay power movement in 1970 , but `` Stonewall '' is n't it .
The film is a vital , evocative reminder of a turbulent time that paved the way for hard-fought freedoms . For that alone , it 's of value for younger audiences , gay or straight .
`` Stonewall '' is a melodramatic movie rife with overacting and an overly convoluted plot , all of which means that it just is n't very good .
Stonewall is n't good , but it 's not quite as bad as you might imagine .
Overall , the effect is closer to a Monty Python skit or a Village People music vid than a serious film about civil rights .
By the time Emmerich gets to the riots , which takes about 100 minutes of the film 's 120-minute running time , you 'll want to chuck a cinder block at the screen .
There 's a curious weightlessness about many key scenes .
What Stonewall lacks in narrative power it makes up for with energy , sincerity and heart .
For its two-hour-plus duration , the movie struggles to fuse incompatible concepts .
While not a horrible movie , this feature is not worthy of calling itself a Stonewall movie .
Well-intentioned film about the 1969 Stonewall riots is reductive and adds no new insights .
Comes across as a heartfelt piece of work , but also one that 's stilted , cliché-ridden and grossly manipulative .
Rather than the sophisticated telling the tale deserved , `` Stonewall '' winds up being as shallow and artless as the wide-eyed naif at its center .
The film is plainly a meaningful project for the openly gay Emmerich and Baitz . Stonewall carries tremendous symbolic weight for millions the world over . So why this white-bread generica ?
Consider `` Stonewall '' a place holder until a better movie arrives .
The story line , poorly assembled by respected playwright Jon Robin Baitz , is essentially self-parody .
This is an OK movie about a serious subject and an important milestone in the road to gay freedom and equality . It 's just a shame it did n't accomplish the kind of cinematic punch as did the Oscar-winning Milk .
Despite -LSB- Emmerich 's -RSB- noble intentions , the movie is just as ham-handed and formulaic as any of his popcorn movies .
The big problem is that Stonewall is fundamentally confused , mixed up to the point where a viewer would n't be able to tell why the Stonewall Riots happened if they did n't already know .
What an oddly tone-deaf film .
Ghastly .
In a way , `` Stonewall '' is proof that the gay community has fully made the transition to the mainstream . It 's now subject to the kind of Hollywood nonsense that was previously reserved for heterosexuals .
With thinly drawn characters , uneven performances and tin-eared dialogue , `` Stonewall '' plays at best like a musical without the songs .
Although the Stonewall revolt is condensed into one night of rioting rather than the several nights that actually occurred , historical accuracy is less the film 's problem than its ham-handed narrative arc and dialogue .
I 'm sure Roland Emmerich had the best intentions creating his own version of the Stonewall riots , but the movie itself is a total slog and does n't give proper due to the actual riots .
Disappointingly white-washed version of a landmark event .
Does n't inspire hope and awareness , it simply pushes dreary formula and torturous melodrama , with Emmerich failing to create a single moment of humanity as cliché and stereotype run rampant .
Neither competent nor total outrage .
A trite coming-of-age drama that happens to feature a riot in the background .
If you 're going to call your film `` Stonewall , '' that is the story you stick with and tell .
A well-intentioned , profoundly silly and borderline insulting movie ...
It is a movie so baffling and wrong-headed and absurd that I honestly ca n't believe it exists . I ca n't fathom what anyone involved could have possibly been thinking .
Stonewall is oddly compelling when it 's trying to be a gay Forrest Gump . As a history of Stonewall , it 's confused , strange , and a little insulting .
Aside from its offensiveness , Stonewall is , plain and simple , a terribly made movie .
The tone is so erratic and artificial that it would n't feel surprising if the movie suddenly became a musical . And as the film gets duller and duller , you find yourself wishing these characters would break into song , just for variety 's sake .
It 's remarkable to see how badly Stonewall misses its mark .
At its worst , the film dangerously repackages the queer experience using language invented by those originally deployed to break it apart .
The usual Emmerich-style approach to ` Stonewall ' would have been dodgy , maybe even offensive , but so is this one
If `` Stonewall '' is what it means for Roland Emmerich to make an artist 's statement , please , for the love of god , someone start setting up dynamite charges around the Seven Wonders of the World so that he might return to his wheelhouse .
In Stonewall , Roland Emmerich does to the dignity of New York 's burgeoning LGBT community what he did to the White House in Independence Day .
Feels like a strangely squandered opportunity .
Disaster maven Roland Emmerich treats a seminal event in the gay pride movement as the mere backdrop to the otherwise vanilla story of a homeless Indiana teen looking for community in New York City .
Not the most imaginative or politically trenchant retelling , but entertaining and at times quite moving .
Emmerich , who put his own money into making the film , should be cheered for giving it a shot . Unfortunately the compromises he 's made leave Stonewall feeling neutered .

@highlight

As an ordinary coming-of-age drama , Stonewall is merely dull and scattered -- but as an attempt to depict a pivotal moment in American history , it 's offensively bad .