The beginning is harrowing and the end is heartbreaking .
Adoption is used a plot point in a lot of movies , but it is rarely explored this well ... Here it 's about also exploring why the people who raised you are equally important .
I do n't think I 've ever seen a movie that 's this much about the experience of adoption and the relation between adoptive parents and adopted children ... it 's a rich subject that we do n't see much in film .
Whatever issues I may have with the mise-en-scène , I was still deeply affected by the drama , and I expect others to be , as well .
Director Garth Davis taps into a Saroo 's childhood memories to create a delicate link to his new life and give him reason to hope .
The work of Greig Frasie as director of photography is another point of attention ... it is a pleasure to see the use of light for dramatic purposes . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
... an emotional life story ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Give it a chance , for not only is it an emotionally powerful experience , but Lion is the rare movie that can transform your view of the world we live in .
Photographer Greig Fraser 's landscapes of Saroo 's two worlds are extremely handsome .
Lion is a beautiful and moving film made all the more compelling because it is a true story ... make sure to bring your tissues .
As much a parable as a drama , Lion quietly explores a social problem while staying strongly focused on its intimacies .
What it does , quite beautifully , is make a case for a common - and borderless - humanity . The strength and love that uphold families is palpable and powerful . Be sure and stay for the credits and have a hanky ready .
... sends the audience on an epic adventure .
The picture does take a few exciting bold risks in act one , however , the rest of the movie plays out like a straightforward cable TV movie .
Sad yet uplifting , frightening yet inspirational , Lion breaks your heart into a thousand pieces and puts them back together in the end . It makes you believe in miracles and embrace hardships by celebrating courage and resilience in its own unique way .
This one 's a gem of a film . One that takes an already spectacular story and turns it into an absolute sublime experience . Those multiple Oscar nominations are much deserved .
The ending is predictably lovely but it might have been lovelier still if we 'd got there faster .
The beats are n't anything new ; the value is in the execution , and that 's great .
Based on a true story , it 's a very appealing film , but an oddly shaped one .
Lion stirs emotions , but the storytelling is straightforward , not cloying .
Director Garth Davis ' film Lion sits squarely in the category of real-life stories that are more astonishing than any fiction .
These actors could have tackled much more difficult terrain , with grace and intelligence , had Davies and Davis given them the opportunity .
What Lion does is take a culturally rich story and apply the conventions of middlebrow Western , feel-good cinematic storytelling .
The movie 's messages are thoughtfully and honestly communicated -- particularly the idea that `` home '' can mean more than any one place , person or even culture .
The rest of the movie , which includes a big plug for Google Maps , concerns Saroo 's search for his roots . Or , more likely , Patel 's on-going search for a Hollywood career .
`` Lion '' is unadulterated cinema , reaching out to the audience to embrace and be embraced .
works as an emotionally stirring portrait of sheer determination driven by the need to know where one comes from
Despite its wavering focus from its fascinating lead to his white supporting actors , this is an inspiring story about one young man 's search for identity
`` Lion '' is a mediocre movie that should have been a good one . That still does n't mean you should n't see it ...
Lion is an astounding , all-encompassing story of hope , determination and dumb luck that will leave you both crying like a baby and clapping like a seal once the credits roll .
-LSB- It 's -RSB- alternately emotionally wrenching and veering on the sentimental . But it never reduces itself to mawkishness so , by the end , we are rewarded for having seen it .
The film sometimes has no strict thematic focus , but that 's fine . Neither does life .
An emotional and well-acted film , which ends up giving a valuable message about child abuse in India , showing us real images of Saroo and his family . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An emotional film that will make the viewer shed a tear , without being manipulative . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
At times sentimental but never maudlin , Lion is an inspiring slice-of-life odyssey .
In Lion , Patel sheds his tendency to play his characters broadly . But Pawar easily eclipses his efforts .
A painful story where guilt and restlessness harass the main characters because of a fateful mix between their decisions and uncertainty . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Thank God Lion exists . We need more films like it , like Slumdog , to shame us into being better by showing us our worst , and to inspire us into being brave , by showing us our best .
A film with a very simple and traditional structure , and seizes the emotions of the viewer from the beginning . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A melodrama that overflows in its final part , which reserves moments of a valuable intensity . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A movie with an impressive photography surrounding an epic drama . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A drama similar to Hallmark Entertainment films , raised by a rather nice cast . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An extraordinary story that comes to stay in the soul of the viewer . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The movie tells a real story that it 's interesting in its beginning and in its ending , but not in its terribly boring second act . -LSB- Full review in Portuguese . -RSB-
The film has enough elements to potentiate them and expose a risky story , however , the script fails to go beyond its good intentions . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Lion is an emotional film that is worth seeing for its performances and for the incredible story behind it . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film built with skill , professionalism and conviction . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A well-filmed melodrama that does n't need to resort to low blows being subtle in the tragic moments . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Those expecting the usual exoticised version of India will be surprised by the brutal , neo-realist way it 's portrayed .
The many flaws of Lion overshadow its few strengths , resulting in a disjointed film that 's uneven in both tone and quality .
Endless scenes of Patel frowning at a laptop screen also prove decidedly uncinematic , and awareness of the story 's tear-jerking happy ending erases any potential for tension .
The based on fact story is a ca n't miss emotional powerhouse , which manages to overcome some subplots that seem to be time-filling sidetracks .
One of the most beautiful and inspiring films of the year , the ones that seem to be thoughtfully detailed to sneak into the award races . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
... delicate handling of material that easily could have been turned into feel-good slop .
It 's hard not to feel a tingle down your spine as the film 's reaches its climax . My eyes were moist and I was n't the only one in the audience with that same reaction .
In a way , `` Lion '' is a better film than even `` Slumdog '' in that its intimate focus and emotionally engaging story should play deeper and resonate more broadly .
Some films are simply great stories and nothing more . Lion is one such example of this , although its treatment leaves a bit to be desired .
Patel brilliantly portrays a young man adrift in a sea of uncertainty towards his identity , haunted by a past he barely survived and guilt ridden over loving a family he barely knew .
What may well have been a reflection on the moral poverty of the world , soon becomes an irritating melodrama . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A conventional film with strong tendencies towards being tearful and musical . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Lion 's emotional strength lies in its honest approach to adoption , to the feeling of the adoptee and the one adopted , to the stuck pieces , to the inevitable emptiness of not knowing where we come from and who we are . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An estimable film , especially during its first hour , and that has sufficient virtues that makes it worth to take a look at it . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The movie 's first half is filled with tumult , menace and a vivid sense of place ; the second half , which emphasizes the idea that the comfortable and well-educated Saroo is a ` lost ' soul -LRB- literally -RRB- , is tedious .
The movie mostly succeeds in grounding the hard to believe in easy to comprehend circumstances and readily real emotion . It 's not a great film , but it 's effective in how it sets up and satisfies a life-changing tale .
`` Lion '' is n't revolutionary filmmaking , but as comfort food cinema goes , it carries requisite anxiety and release , making it palatable to the mass audience while still retaining some subtlety with periodically intense character examination .
Lion is a feel-good story that works best when it uses the visual language of cinema to map such inner worlds onto outer ones .
-LSB- Pawar is -RSB- remarkably natural and heart-rendingly real , and offers one of the best child performances in years in a very demanding role .
Lion starts strong and finishes on a teary high , with its comparatively lesser moments buoyed by the presence of Patel .
Unhurried in pace , subtle in tone and simple in structure , this moving , compassionate film engages with the age-old theme of finding one 's place in the world , yet through uniquely 21st Century means .
Lion does exactly what it needs to make hearts soar and tears swell . It might do so in a standard fashion , but , boy does it do it well .
The award-baiting performances are really good and it is beautifully shot by cinematographer Greig Fraser .
Your heart is made of Satan 's teeth if you do n't come away with dusty eyes and a warm feeling .
If you do n't blub at the end , you may wish to secede from the human species .
You do n't need to have adopted a child , or to have been adopted yourself -LRB- although I was , as it happens -RRB- , to find Lion immensely moving . All you need is a heart .
A deeply empathetic performance from Dev Patel and an unflinching view of child poverty on the streets of Calcutta provide a winning edge to Lion .
Drab and predictable .
Lion may not roar but it does have a big heart .
Google Earth has blind spots and so does Lion . Still , it covers an awful lot of ground and the views are stunning .
Has some pacing issues and an overbearing score , but nothing that is n't erased by the swelling , tear-jerking crescendo of an ending .
The director , Garth Davis , gets strong performances from his cast -- a heart-to-heart scene between Patel and Kidman looks set to earn them both Oscar nominations .
Robustly made , but very little to gnaw on .
Lion is yet another seemingly inclusive film that does little more than pander to its target white audience .
If this was a two minute commercial for Google Earth , you 'd be bawling your eyes out . But stretched to two hours , you find yourself looking at your watch .
To say that Davis does n't complicate Lion is meant as a compliment , relying as he does instead on some excellent playing , from Patel and Kidman especially .
With a story this strong , you ca n't really go wrong and director Garth Davis provides a sure guiding hand with Saroo 's barely believable story unfolding largely in chronological order .
This is the sort of true story that catches you unawares , even if you know -LRB- or think you know -RRB- where it 's going .
Though there are shades of Slumdog Millionaire in its gripping depiction of a young boy thrown by fate onto the streets of India , this affecting true story still has plenty to offer .
Lion is a beguiling piece of storytelling .
This big-hearted film does full justice to the horror , the pathos and the drama of his postmodern odyssey .
A carefully grafted and artfully conceived big-screen adaptation of a truly astonishing story which is both a tearjerker and a crowd-pleaser , without being a sell-out .
Do n't think about stepping into the theatre without a good supply of tissues .
Middlebrow mediocrity served up by the Weinsteins on a silver platter for awards season .
Director Garth Davis and screenwriter Luke Davies throw all the soap suds at the story .
Director Garth Davis and screenwriter Luke Davies have delivered the tasteful version , one that avoids practically all the story 's potential -LSB- bombastic , sensational , sentimental -RSB- landmines in lieu of honest emotion . It is a film of great integrity .
If the second section of Lion is no match for the first , none of its obvious flaws -LRB- most notably , disjointed scripting and more than a few plot holes -RRB- detract from the intense emotional connection forged with the viewer throughout .
A bittersweet variation on the ` I was lost , but now I 'm found ' theme of the parable of the Prodigal Son .
The film is moving enough in its own terms but lacks the depth and complexity that might have been expected .
An astonishing true story that 's treated with an admirably light and artistic touch , rather than an overly dramatic heavy hand .
The source material is so rich that it 's easy to forgive Lion 's small flaws when the film treats its characters with such empathy .
It 's a miraculous tale , though one that relies heavily on a device filmmakers have struggled to make cinematic : staring at a computer for long stretches .
Davis ' debut is a touch over-stretched but impossible to resist - a classy crowd-pleaser with an especially magical first half .
By turns tragic , deeply moving and heartfelt .
An old-fashioned , crowd-pleasing film that succeeds on its own admittedly less-than-ambitious terms .
Loss and belonging are the themes of this incredible true story ; it is the simplicity of the storytelling that brings it to life . Most crucial is the establishment of the Indian reality
Powerful . That is how I 'd best describe `` Lion . ''
Crucial to these early scenes is the casting of Sunny Pawar , a marvellously instinctive child actor who gives an indelible performance as Saroo .
Director Garth Davis ' debut feature is an inspiring and uplifting story based on the memoir penned by Saroo Brierley , A Long Way Home .
... an interesting story told relatively well ...
Lion offers a tale that is incredibly unique and yet , at the same time , utterly universal .
You can start 2017 with positive vibes .
Director Gareth Davis has pulled it together for a tale of two countries , two cities and two lives twenty years apart .
It 's a well-told and engaging tale that 's all the more remarkable in that it 's based on a true story . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Sexual Content , etc. - also Available -RRB-
Great performances abound , mixing with some magnificent photography to form one of the premier family dramas of 2016 .
The picture is maybe too frontloaded but the acting delivers in the final stretch .
A beautiful , true-life story about adoption and how connected we all are , regardless of our beginnings or travels .
It 's the intimate , uplifting drama you 've been yearning for ...
Only the most shrivel-hearted grinch could watch this Christmas release and not be moved .
This is awards-season bait aimed straight at your sentimental side that loves a good tearjerker and one which earns most of the tears that it jerks .
Lion is not an easy journey , but it is a thoughtful , worthwhile and ultimately inspiring experience .
Where Lion gets its power , though , is in the first half and the stunning performance by Pawar .
-LSB- A -RSB- tale of tragedy and loss , of pain and heartbreak -- but also a tale of hope and mercy , of faith & love , and of how sublime moments of grace in our lives can often come from the aftermath of suffering .
Lion roars quietly with restraint and simplicity .
If you 're searching for fulfilling feel-good entertainment , the royal ` Lion ' exceeds expectations .
The final scenes , when the action returns to India , ca n't help but pack an emotional punch because it recalls that vastly superior first act when we fell in love with Saroo .
Lion represents a commitment from those involved and , flaws aside , it 's an amazing tale of resilience and determination .
Designed to be a crowd-pleaser , but after a turbulent , heart-wrenching first act , the second-meant to be touchingly uplifting-instead comes across as rather shallow and pedestrian by comparison .
... This story of a small boy lost in a sprawling land finds truly epic proportions , not because it 's trying to go big , but exactly the opposite : it 's determined to find meaning in the beings , things and feelings we often deem too small to matter .
A heartwarming true-life tale .
Wonderfully Inspiring Movie - not to miss
Amounts to the third film in an unofficial trilogy : The Long Journey From India in Search of an Oscar Movie . -LRB- Splice Today -RRB-
Lion literally earns every heartstring tug with its impossible story of rediscovering ones childhood with the help of cutting-edge technology and good , old-fashioned resolve .
Patel , best remembered from Slumdog Millionaire , shows a real , full-blooded star quality here , miles removed from the humble hero of that 2008 film .
Lion is a beautifully told , uplifting story of courage and determination .
This is a lovely saga of roots and identity .
Davis and screenwriter Luke Davies aggressively strum the heartstrings , but the film falters as it focuses more on product placement than people .
A sincere celebration of determination and the human spirit , this film will have you applauding and weeping simultaneously .
The emotional impact of Lion is sneaky .
`` Lion '' is a complex movie , with its profound themes of home and identity , and its tonally disparate halves . A smartly understated approach to Brierley 's story holds it all together .
Its themes are universal . Everyone has a home , and everyone feels connected to it , no matter how far they travel .
Garth Davis uses close-ups sparingly and hits no false notes ; cinematographer Greig Fraser creates a child 's perspective by setting the camera at the hero 's eye level and conveys the grandeur of India through sweeping panoramic and overhead shots .
An exciting , old-school explorer 's tale well told -LRB- for the most part -RRB- .
Truth-based lost-and-found stories such as `` Lion '' usually feature dogs or cats . Here , though , it 's the rather slow , if moving tale of a poor , 5-year-old Indian boy who falls asleep in a train station and winds up more than 1,500 miles from home .
`` Lion '' has one of those plot lines that feels like a Hollywood screenplay - except it actually happened .
While the film is neither novel nor revolutionary , it 's the kind of cinematic warm blanket that feels very comforting and satisfying right now ... That it 's a true story ... makes it all the more affecting .
It 's incredible that it has taken this long to put an August Wilson play on the screen . This movie redresses that , and its performances are wholly worthy of such a quintessentially American playwright . We 're privileged to have them .
An emotionally satisfying and ultimately a warm and well-told international adventure of the heart .
The story you 're watching here stretches credibility the singular way that true stories can . It 's the fruition of a search that could n't possibly have succeeded the way it did but did so anyway .
The true story that will elicit your empathy through the miracles in the life of a man who goes on a quest to locate his birth family .
If you do n't cry at the conclusion you need to retrieve your heart out of cold storage .
A heart-wrenching true story , with what could be one of the great child-actor performances of all time .
`` Lion '' is shameless and heartfelt and you 'll probably have a good , happy cry at the end .
`` Lion '' is a family film in the best sense .
... so predictable in the way that it manipulates your emotions that it leaves you feeling like the victim of a con game .
An inspiring drama that earns tears without jerking them .
Lion , although a little jumbled in its second half , has everything you need from a poignant , awards-preying drama , with the story offering plenty of moments of both beauty and sadness .
Lion ca n't avoid seeming lesser in the second half after Davis ' mesmeric first but it 's solid storytelling nonetheless .
Lion celebrates the human will and the human need to find meaning and connection in life . If the final scenes do n't have you blubbering , your humanity may need some fine-tuning .
As the protagonist in the first and stronger half , pint-sized powerhouse Sunny Pawar wins the hearts and tears ducts of the audience . He 's a tough act to follow .
Immensely powerful , inspiring , and impossible to forget .
What do you call a movie that has a great first act and a moving finale but bogs down on the way to that conclusion ? In this case , you call it Lion . I say this with regret , because the true story it tells is remarkable and it 's a shame the film is flawed
... grabs you by the throat from its first frames and never lets you go .
It could roar if it wanted to , but settles for an expressive , almost infrasonic growl .
Davis offers sweeping cinematic shots , with a soundtrack that is pleasingly epic , but the second act is a bit skimpy , script-wise .
Unless you are an utterly immovable cynic , the Australian melodrama Lion will coax out tears of sadness and of pure joy .
Rarely does a film plotting the Internet amount to much more than a series of glowing screens . Lion , a fact-based story and auspicious feature debut by Garth Davis , makes for a captivating exception .
If you think there 's still room for the traditional ` true-story ' drama , Lion proves these stories still have a little life left in them .
The final reel , of course , is deeply affecting . But you knew that going in , did n't you ?
Because of Patel 's electrifying and deeply nuanced performance , Lion ultimately delivers the emotional punch it has promised all along .
Lion is an emotional corker of a true story that charts a remarkable journey that redefines the meaning of family and home .
Lion tells one of those amazing true stories that only a pure cynic could fail to be captivated by .
Be warned : Lion will reduce you to a sniffling wreck .
Director Garth Davis has taken this incredible , real life tale and made an emotionally involving film that pulls on your heartstrings every step of the way .
Great performances in emotional , intense biographical drama .
The film ends with that contemporary movie rarity-an authentic and overwhelming display of gratitude .
`` Lion '' is a good calling card for the new director -LSB- Garth Davis -RSB-
Patel easily grows to fill the needs of this complex and conflicted character , a man caught between two worlds , two cultures and two families .
An inspiring story of cruel fate , cruel people , the kindness of strangers and childhood traumas that we never forget
See it and I promise your own heart will skip a beat with happiness and joy .
Lion is really two beautifully shot films -- the tenacious story of young Saroo Brierley , lost far from home , and the less dramatic , slightly forced , story of him all grown up and looking for his past .
Lion is ultimately an excellent example of its type-a resonant true story told , not with manipulative cliches , but with refreshing confidence .
This frustrating film begins with artful evocations of Dickensian squalor and turns into a movie about a guy staring at a laptop .
The trite tropes are thick but Saroo 's drama remains undramatized and we remain mostly unmoved .
Kudos to Kidman , whose unglam , unguarded take on the role is emotionally powerful and true ; her scenes with Patel provide just the right blend of grit and grace . Lion is one from the heart .
Lion ... becomes ordinary , even as it moves toward a climax that 's moving for all the predictable reasons .
The finale is manipulative in every way , squeezing out the emotions of the audience . But Lion 's well-plotted narrative and thoughtful characters suck you in so much that the journey there is totally worth it .
Let 's just say if you are human , there is no way that Lion wo n't move you .
`` Lion '' is blessed with a Ripley 's Believe It or Not story line that would warm the heart of a stone .
If you have ever been a child , raised a child , lost a child or met a child - or a mother - this movie will wreck you .
This seems exactly the kind of `` based on true events '' tale that filmmakers go gaga for ... The plotting lurches , bound by reality , making for a muddled though moving affair .
The movie could have examined the limitations of white liberalism , the damage that well-meaning people can do if they do n't educate themselves along the way . Instead , it embodies that well-meaning approach , and all the harm it can do .
Lion is moving , beautifully shot , and clear-eyed about its aims . It 's the kind of inspirational movie even a film snob could love .
Mr. Patel 's commanding presence is complemented by many others ... Kidman has done fine work in her career , but nothing that quite matches the hypnotic story Sue tells of a vision she had when she was 12 .
Anchored by an impossibly adorable new talent and a familiar face showing new dramatic range , Lion explores the power of memory , technology and the pull of home .
Lion may be a little too Oscar-bait-y , but it 's not without loud emotional roars .
You 'll try your best to hold back the tears , only to find yourself incapable of not being thoroughly moved by Saroo 's journey .
Lion goes again and again where you expect it to , delivering little more than the awards-season equivalent of Homeward Bound .
By the film 's climax -- even if you know how it will end -- viewers should be a blubbering mess .
We 've watched this young man struggle and fight for answers , only to have them drop into his lap at precisely the right moment . It 's a drastic misstep that ruins whatever chance Lion had of doing justice to a fascinating true story .
Lion 's faults of structure and pacing might limit its power , but in stretches it still roars .
Lion is one of those rare films which effortlessly manages to put us inside the heads of protagonists and make us believe that their reality is our reality too .
By splitting up the story into different eras of the hero 's life , Davis seems to be striving to avoid some of the conventions of melodrama . But coloring within the lines might have done a couple of favors to his actors and the flow of his film .
Ditch the cynicism ; take the Kleenex .
Here 's a globe-trotting boy-on-his-own adventure , a narrative of scrappy survival and familial love and many teary reconciliations , tracing the outlines of Brierley 's life in a busy two hours .
... it misses the mark on the duality-Saroo goes from forgetting his past completely to suddenly being all about it , and it 's a lot more complicated than that
A strong and emotionally fulfilling interpretation of a true event that seems stranger than fiction .
This is a true story , and at times a gut-wrenching one , even if it necessarily sugarcoats some aspects of the plight of lost children .
Where Saroo goes and what he finds there left me in tears , but you feel that a complicated true story has been airbrushed into a postmodern legend .
Davis 's film is based on a true story ; though wrenching , there is barely enough of it to fill the dramatic space , and the second half is a slow and muted affair after the Dickensian punch of the first .
Patel 's constant anger and destitution get a bit tedious , but the uplifting ending will move even the most stoic movie-goer to tears .
If you 've ever been lost , and who has n't ? This movie is for you , featuring a five-year-old boy from India who winds up in Australia .
The trajectory `` Lion '' takes is n't surprising -- it is quite inevitable , actually -- but the film 's centerpiece true account is respectful and , ultimately , heartening .
In his feature film debut , director Garth Davis creates a formally riveting and emotionally shattering look into the complexities of family and the ache of separation .
Lion plays safe more often than necessary , but it definitely roars when it counts .
The characters are wonderfully rounded and each performer brings them to screen with such a sense of realism that you ca n't help but feel both moved and inspired .
Dev Patel 's most sophisticated and touching performance to date helps hold things together as he expertly portrays Saroo 's inner conflict and identity crisis .
Obviously an extraordinary experience for the real-life protagonists , but for the movie viewer not so much .
Involves no one you 've ever heard of , does n't star a soul you 'll recognise for its first 40 minutes , and will rip you into a thousand pieces .
Lion is a triumphant celebration of the beauty of the human spirit .
Richly produced but somewhat inert .
A terrific true-life tale packed with great performances .
True story or not , there is no denying that Lion is a largely empty film . A paint-by-numbers production , Lion is following a simple set of instructions for achieving an emotional response from its audience .
An emotional film that connects with the audience and resembles those epic films full of sentimentalism . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Hopefully Lion will be the film that proves -LSB- Patel 's -RSB- leading man capabilities and also shines a line on just how nuanced and charismatic he is in a role written well .
Even as it drags through a pedestrian middle section , Lion remains a cut above the kind of sturdy middlebrow drama its premise calls to mind by doubling down on Patel 's performance .
Davis ' talent feels hammered down by Luke Davies ' screenplay adaptation that ultimately meanders around until it comes to a lackluster halt .
It 's an earnest but not cloying film , one that seems wise about the world and its alternately grim and encouraging complexity .
You will cry during the greatest Google Maps commercial ever made . Maybe bring a tissue .
Because it is a true story we may know exactly where Lion is heading but that does nothing to lessen the impact of a film that deals so eloquently with loss , love and our understanding of family .
It 's refreshing to see the complications of a mixed racial identity brought to the screen . It might never roar but it 's still a fierce contender .
As enthralling as it is emotional .
While Lion is n't the kind of drama that demands risky storytelling , it is one that has within it a whole world of emotional topography that is disappointingly scrolled over instead of mapped out .
We spend more time with Saroo looking at maps , looking at Google Earth , and pushing people away than we do with him considering the fact that he 's never really assimilated into Australian culture .
A dignified , authentic yet highly-moving crowd-pleaser .
While unique , Saroo 's story is somewhere between the-guy-who-found-a-lottery-scratcher-worth-fifty-bucks and the-farmer-who-prayed-for-rain-and-got-it .

@highlight

Lion 's undeniably uplifting story and talented cast make it a moving journey that transcends the typical cliches of its genre .