It 's Gleeson who gives the performance of a lifetime as the priest .
Calvary deeply probes questions of faith , transgression , and forgiveness , but it does n't forget to accompany those with laugh lines that are as jolting as any shot of Irish whiskey .
... a methodical examination of 21st century spirituality and what it means to be evil or to forgive .
The film transcends its action , branching out into a poignant , often scathing , and even occasionally blackly humorous meditation on the human condition-at its best and worst .
Calvary is infused with much the same wild-west-of-Ireland flavour , though this time the base note is a lament for a nation left rudderless having lost faith in economic prosperity and the Catholic church .
Calvary is both darkly comic and deeply sad . And it 's well worth 10 of your dollars and 100 minutes of your time .
McDonagh 's writing talent is without question and the themes throughout are undeniably intriguing .
The symbolism of Calvary is almost crushing at times . Nonetheless , its exploration of religious conviction is exceptionally mature and thoughtful .
More traumatic than enjoyable , but there 's great beauty in both its scenery and the way McDonagh and his cast cut through us with surgical precision .
McDonagh 's rotted-out take on the Stations of the Cross is a strange film , often hilarious yet always heavy and forlorn .
Gleeson is just magnificent .
Writer-director John Michael McDonagh has crafted a bleak and bitter film . I kept waiting the for the film to make a wrong turn , to cheat , to take the easy way out , to lean on film cliches and formulas , but it never did .
Gleeson provides an emotional anchor with an understated portrayal that balances strength and vulnerability .
The tension of Calvary is fitful at best , and much of the movie trips into silliness , but in Brendan Gleeson -- in his proud bearing and his lamenting gaze -- we see the plight of the lonely believer in a world beyond belief .
Once in a great while , a film leaves you dumbstruck . Which is wonderful , unless you happen to be a reviewer . You 're kind of expected to come up with something to say .
asks troubling questions about keeping the faith in a fallen world .
... a rather one-note premise that 's employed to often disastrously dull effect ...
Brendan Gleeson is impossible not to like no matter what project . This one is a fascinating character study and a deep look at a complex man of the cloth .
The film ends with the faintest glimmer of hope , but even that hope comes wrapped in despair , suggesting that we 're each all we have to rely on . Because the man upstairs is n't answering our calls .
Calvary is not your father 's Calvary .
The mood here is far more sombre , as Gleeson 's thoroughly decent cleric reflects on sin and death , mercy and forgiveness ... But there is humour , too , especially from the gallery of eccentrics and oddballs who inhabit this wind-whipped Sligo parish .
Calvary becomes a lurid Agatha Christie yarn with something important to say about the church and Ireland that McDonagh ca n't fully articulate . Pulp keeps getting in the way .
It 's not exactly a walk on the wild side , but it will take a stout heart to deal with the hostility and venom dished out by an assortment of troubled parishioners , all introduced taking Holy Communion , of all things .
Tough as it is , Calvary is food for the soul .
Father James ' stature grows in our eyes , due in great part to Gleeson 's powerful performance , which at the very least deserves an Oscar nomination if not the award itself .
Intense and compassionate , it revolves around the complicated concept of forgiveness .
Thanks to writer-director John Michael McDonagh 's powerhouse script and Brendan Gleeson 's superb central performance , Calvary earns its sour stripes -- it 's a bruising beauty of a film .
Devilishly satirizes charming Irish comedies ... With a wallop , we ponder what would happen to such a cinematically quaint town and genre when its last moral center is gone .
Admirable work indeed , but also a painful walk in the darkness . Meanwhile , Brendan Gleeson 's tender scenes with Kelly Reilly and Marie-Josée Croze shape the movie 's loving soul .
It 's billed as a black comedy , but at its root , Calvary wants to move you emotionally and still you as the closing credits soberly roll . It succeeds on both counts .
Compared with the treacle and sentimentality that dominate most Hollywood movies about religion , the existence of this funny , gut-wrenching , thoughtful take on sacrifice and redemption feels almost like a miracle .
Brendan Gleeson delivers a typically towering yet warm performance in `` Calvary . '' Too bad the movie 's something of a mess .
Did I mention that despite its intense , serious subject matter , it 's also wickedly funny , often making you laugh when you should probably be doing penance ?
It serves as a marvelous showcase for Gleeson , a great old-lion actor who shows , in the film 's many close-ups , a quiet , weary yet unbending faith , and a face on which emotion can play like a wave on the beach .
Writer-director John Michael McDonagh paints a rich portrait of the priestly life -LRB- and life in general -RRB- by concentrating on the details .
Cruel and laced with pitch-black humor , it is a film that will needle its way into your psyche ; removing it may prove difficult .
`` Calvary '' -LSB- is -RSB- a parable and gives Gleeson 's earthly journey the ring of spiritual truth .
Both the comedy and the violence are watered down by a dark melancholy .
The resulting mystery-play-goes-mystery-movie allegory may have a heavy hand , but it also has its finger on the pulse of the struggles facing the -LSB- Catholic -RSB- Church and the emotional needs of its drifting parishioners .
McDonagh is n't always successful at juggling his disparate impulses , leaving his film to tonally lurch from one scene to the next . But damned if he should n't be praised for trying .
Full-to-bursting with a raft of idiosyncratic characters and philosophical conflicts and the current crisis in the Church and idiomatic comic dialogue strung along by the script 's thriller-like ticking clock .
John Michael McDonagh 's caustic passion play pits one stolid cleric against the whole filthy universe of base humanity , which demands he atone for the sins of the Catholic Church .
-LSB- T -RSB- he kooky residents of a small Irish village ... go search of a black comedy , but get stuck in a dramatic thriller that goes nowhere .
Brendan Gleeson carries the film with a forceful portrait of a man increasingly resigned to his helplessness in the face of a society permanently soiled .
Great filmmaking is an art . McDonagh and Gleeson have showcased that art with `` Calvary '' .
A dark and profoundly funny tale of an institution failing its sheep and its best shepherds .
Calvary is full-to-bursting with a raft of idiosyncratic characters and philosophical conflicts and the current crisis in the Church and idiomatic comic dialogue strung along by the script 's thriller-like ticking clock . It 's also beautifully shot .
We must forgive the movie for its sins of formality because it 's trying to work out the mother of moral dilemmas before our very eyes .
Gleeson delivers towering performance as Christ-like priest who must pay for someone else 's sins .
To say Gleeson `` stars '' in Calvary seems inadequate . He dominates it ...
`` Calvary '' is often wound tightest in the most unexpected places .
-LSB- Gleeson -RSB- projects fierce intelligence , wit , gentleness , ruefulness , soulfulness .
Calvary has so many layers it 's downright Biblical .
McDonagh injects enough humor and quirkiness into the proceedings -- via a razor sharp and quite smart script -- to make it all go down quite easily . -LRB- Complete Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
Writer/director John Michael McDonagh 's exceptional and exceptionally thoughtful film concerns itself greatly with matters of sin .
Calvary is a strange film , often hilarious but always heavy and forlorn .
Gleeson is the great anchor of the piece , conveying much often without even saying a word .
It does n't confront church scandal-priestly crime ; it stares into the spiritual void that has been left in its wake . What stares back is lurid , soulless and damned .
The irony and fatalism that have driven `` Calvary '' forward reach an end point that , while doubtlessly dramatic , does n't jibe with the Father James we 've come to know and love .
Gleeson brings his usual fierceness and gravity to the role , and there are fine supporting turns by Chris O'Dowd , Kelly Reilly , Aiden Gillen , and Dylan Moran .
Gleeson is remarkable in one of the best roles for one of the finest character actors around , who is finally , with this and McDonagh 's last film , `` The Guard , '' getting his shot at lead roles .
I imagine most people will watch the film and merely see the village as populated by vivid eccentrics . But a closer look at these odd , bitter , hostile characters will suggest something darker at work .
Gleeson carries the film with wonderful , natural authority . He 's a little better than the movie itself , which is glib to a fault .
While Gleeson always cuts a large figure , here he 's a captivating , simmering pot , a priest who shows his kind are people too .
Trenchant , absorbing and quite distinctive ... an intriguing blend of high drama and dark humor .
It 's Gleeson who turns McDonagh 's self-conscious erudition and defense-mechanism irreverence into something transcendent .
... an anguished Catholic drama , yet McDonagh also brings a certain lightness to the tale .
The way ` Calvary ' bobs between serious and comedic - while always being prickly - mirrors how the film as a whole refuses to settle for anything .
Gleeson looms over the film .
I 've seen so many movies , with great dialogue , that are n't about anything ; here 's a film on a fascinating subject , but the dialogue is terrible .
In ` Calvary ' Brendan Gleeson , as Father James , is a man left on his own to face a dark threat .
Calvary is bleak and corrosively funny in about equal measure .
Calvary gives Gleeson ample opportunity to explore his talent for anchoring a movie , making it deeper and richer than the script and direction might otherwise allow .
Gleeson is a wonderful actor and he keeps a lid on the blarney . He manages to convey a lot -- fear , anger , compassion , rue -- with only the slightest of squints and frowns . But he 's still the center of a cooked-up cavalcade of souls .
It 's a beautifully composed film centering on a great performance .
Good actors like Chris O'Dowd , Moran , Gleeson , and Walsh are acting their hearts out , but they ca n't make these characters seem like more than puppets .
Gleeson 's performance is magnificent ; sharp , compassionate , bemused , never not intellectually active .
Brendan Gleeson gives a career-best performance .
You have a movie about faith that does n't seem to have any in its own ability to hold our interest . But it does have Gleeson .
In its steady assemblage of details over an incidental , episodic structure it accrues a building sense of moral gravity .
McDonagh walks a hazardous tightrope from scene to scene , from amiable comedy to black-hearted farce to heartbreaking tragedy , often trying to strike all those notes within seconds . It does n't all work equally well , but the cumulative effect is powerful .
The stark , natural landscapes are among the movie 's most seductive attractions , even if the characters populating them seem calculated for maximum repulsion .
Gleeson 's studied , magnetic performance anchors McDonagh 's blending of tone and Larry Smith 's ethereal cinematography
It 's the Stations of the Cross in an Irish fishing village soaked in despair , drink and debauchery ... `` Calvary '' is divine filmmaking .
Self-conscious dialogue , stiff characterizations and unimaginative filmmaking prove to be a recipe for the forgettable .
It 's a film of modest means and great ambition , a darkly comic drama concerned with nothing less than the place of faith , and an embattled Church , in modern life .
When Brendan Gleeson gets together with John Michael McDonagh , magical things happen .
Calvary offers a fascinating look at contemporary attitudes toward the priesthood and Catholicism , as well as an impeccable lead performance by Brendan Gleeson and darkly sharp wit .
With his patchwork red-and-gray beard grown long and his hair draped over his ears , Gleeson resembles an ancient mammoth , and it 's quickly clear that his parishioners wish he were extinct
Calvary , however , offers no redemption or even catharsis - at best , some talk of forgiveness - and McDonagh 's crude drollery , if that 's the word for it , feels forced , fake , as though anger is acceptable if delivered with a punch line .
The reliance on specific genre cliches undermines the movie 's more serious intentions .
What 's at stake here , in this grim and grimly comic story , is how a man of God will face his fate .
McDonagh explores this village of secrets with tremendous care and craftiness , and provides Gleeson with another stellar opportunity to deliver striking work .
-LSB- Calvary -RSB- amounts to a Bible story more spiritually and emotionally accurate than most Bible adaptations actually put on film .
This priest cuts through false motives , calls people on their baloney , talks to them straight , loves them despite themselves . Sort of like his Lord . No wonder they want to kill him .
Gleeson 's beautiful acting deserves a better movie .
Twice I have left a `` Calvary '' screening feeling dazed and moved .
A wicked , gimlet-eyed revelation of both Catholic dogma and Irish life today , Calvary has unflinching things to say about the people and the church that defies cliché .
Every parishioner of Father James ' a flamboyant figure of comic dysfunction , nihilism or misanthropy .
A cynically dark comedy whose turn to the grim side is both inevitable and richly rewarding .
One may feel dissatisfied by the 11th-hour turn toward lyrical fatalism , and mildly insulted by the presumptuous attitude it seems to choose as it sends us on our way .
Another nonpareil performance by Brendan Gleeson , here , as an introspective soul on a spiritual path able to maintain his sanity while facing his mortality in a godforsaken environ where so many in his flock have clearly lost their minds .
Satire and surrealism upstage sacrament in this somewhat mixed metaphor screwball religious comedy noir . Or in other words , if Jesus returned to earth , specifically Ireland , in the midst of this chaotic and devilishly lunatic moment in human history .
Features Brendan Gleeson 's towering performance as a good priest who is dismayed to find his entire small-town parish alienated .
An impressive morality play about an Irish Catholic priest forced to suffer for the sins of others .
Calvary is a wonderfully uncomfortable film .
When it 's over , you 'll find a contemplative hush has descended on the audience : a cinema turned , briefly , into a church .
Much of Calvary is sad , much of it shocking . But it 's not really about religion or the church . It is a celebration of the human spirit , and will not be easily forgotten .
It 's an immensely moving film , and a brave one for the way it tackles spiritual issues without irony . Run , do n't walk .
Each -LSB- character -RSB- becomes a `` suspect '' for the murder that is yet to be committed , but caring `` who 's gon na do it '' becomes trying as the performances vary wildly , from passable -LRB- Chris O'Dowd -RRB- to astonishingly bad -LRB- Isaach De Bankole -RRB- .
After the near-brilliant buddy-cop black comedy shenanigans of The Guard , writer/director John Michael McDonagh dials everything up as he deploys darker humour and explores darker souls in the remarkable serio-comic Calvary .
Plaiting strands of drama with gentle black humour , McDonagh has created a solid platform for the superlative Gleeson whose soulful , grounded presence is a compelling guide for a rich insight into the small coastal village inhabitants ' sins and virtues
Colourfully written and sometimes bizarre , I found Calvary to be fascinating and crafted with skill and a purposeful mind .
Tonally , emotionally and spiritually complex , Calvary comes highly recommended .
McDonagh has found a wonderfully satisfying balance between his skills as a writer of intimate , intelligent narratives , and the greater themes that confront the demons of his homeland .
Calvary will shake you up ; it 's as audacious as it is beautiful .
Even in a piece as dark and sombre as Calvary , the self-referential , anarchic McDonagh 's sincerity remains inscrutable . His uncanny talent as a tightrope-walking filmmaker , however , is as clear as Christ on the cross .
A film not only of deep religious conviction , but one that also looks at the nature of sacrifice as atonement for the sins of others .
Calvary treads worryingly close to the theater work of John Michael McDonagh 's younger sibling , and never quite lives up to such lofty standards .
After the 2011 black comedy The Guard , Brendan Gleeson reteams with writer-director John Michael McDonagh for a darker comical drama grappling with issues of faith and forgiveness .
This is an honourable attempt to pull together a meditation on Ireland and its religious disillusion , and part of a planned trilogy for Gleeson and McDonagh .
Your best advice is to sit back , hang on to your rosary beads and enjoy the ride while it lasts .
Its questions stay with you long after the end credits have left you to your troubled thoughts .
McDonagh 's script is a fabulous bit of writing with the tidy structure and mythical resonance of a passion play , but idiosyncratic and funny in all of its detail .
There is a strong whiff of Beckett-like absurdism and bleak humour in the film , which benefits from a performance of wonderfully droll dignity and bemusement from Brendan Gleeson as a priest confronting his mortality .
Gleeson 's magnificent intensity and the palpable wit and intelligence of the film 's conception make Calvary an audacious advance on The Guard .
Certainly worth seeing ...
Director John Michael McDonagh 's extraordinary film presents deep existential torment under the guise of a parochial murder mystery .
A soulful , thought-provoking and warmly human fable .
There is certainly a fine film about an unusual , decent priest fighting to get out of this somewhat unwieldy construction .
It is witty and wistful , tender and troubling , poetic and poignant . A rich and rare treat for grown-up cinemagoers .
It 's a sort of Waiting for Godot , but with plot , and if Waiting for Godot , but with plot , does n't do it for you , then this is something else you might wish to mention to your doctor .
It could descend into maudlin self-pity but McDonagh 's story - with comedy turns from a fast-talking rent boy and Moran on splendid form as the boorish banker - stays just the right side of the line .
A superbly written , darkly funny and powerfully moving mystery with a terrific supporting cast and a magnificent central performance from Brendan Gleeson .
If there is one Irish film to see in 2014 it is Calvary . Not only is it wickedly funny and darkly profound but rather brilliantly explores the complexity of contemporary Irish faith .
It presents us with a satirical image of a country which is cracked and fractured into pieces , a crazy-paving that is n't fitting together . Without the powerfully charismatic Gleeson , I suspect , the film itself would n't fit together .
Calvary 's gruelling central issue of abuse has been enough to quieten much criticism of the film , but in truth , most of the time it is coasting .
Calvary 's meet-and-greet structure lets McDonagh tease away at the fabric of Irish society , diagnosing all manner of ills .
Part Father Ted , part Tarantino , this is a wickedly funny black comedy , all fatalism and gallows humour , with a beating heart .
Perhaps to compensate for his talky script and repetitive structure , McDonagh 's direction is distractingly fussy , all asymmetrical framing and on-the-nose symbolism . The one grace note is Gleeson .
Calvary is gripping , moving , funny and troubling , down to an uncompromising yet uncynical finish .
If traditional westerns witnessed the bloody transition from anarchy to civilisation , Calvary sees that process reversed - punctuated by the burning of the chapel .
If you enjoyed McDonagh 's sharp dialogue and Gleeson 's world-weary charm last time around , there 's more than enough of both to keep you interested . But you might find the change of tone a bit disconcerting
Anchored by a truly sensational performance from Gleeson , this unexpected blend of passion play , detective story , rural comedy and serious inquiry into faith is destined for classic status .
Calvary is a reasonably good analysis of Irish Catholicism 's role in the age of atheism , but it 's much more valuable for its depiction of a good man attempting to live and die by his own set of morals .
Full of promise , but Calvary settles hard into a film about inevitability in its third act . And I have a hard time finding insight in a closed circle of inevitability . If everything the characters do is inevitable , why did we bother ?
Calvary demonstrates in its shocking , anti-cathartic conclusion that modern faithlessness , whether proud or despairing , amounts to the same thing .
Keeps you captivated from the opening line to the very last , this wonderfully written screenplay marks a triumphant sophomore endeavour for McDonagh .
Brendan Gleeson turns in a characteristically exceptional , layered performance with as much moral significance as distinct individual detail .
McDonagh , for all his agility as a writer , stumbles in fleshing out the story .
It 's a film that works almost like a sermon : It lost me at points along the way but hit me like a ton of bricks in its conclusion . On the way home and in the days that passed , I 've only come to admire it even more .
... Calvary may not be for all audiences , with its pitch-black heart and sober existentialism not exactly commercial stuff , but its unwavering commitment to the intelligent thorniness of its themes ... bring it soaring close to something divine .
Brendan Gleeson is magnificent .
A film that is constantly commenting on itself , looking askance in the mirror and chuckling at its own presumption .
Brendan Gleeson gives a performance of monumental soul in John Michael McDonagh 's masterful follow-up to ` The Guard . '
A rich character drama that 's equally eloquent and despairing , `` Calvary '' carries a weary resignation that feels lived-in and deeply considered .


@highlight

Led by a brilliant performance from Brendan Gleeson , Calvary tackles weighty issues with humor , intelligence , and sensitivity .