This fairytale for adults is also a story of ruin . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The characters are not as carefully shaped as they were in Siegel 's version of the story , and the structure is uneven and badly paced .
he meaning is clear ; but because The Beguiled is also so frustratingly limited -LRB- though accomplished in many respects -RRB- , its implications resonate unfavorably in more ways than one .
What starts as a gushing gothic comedy takes a turn as the ladies realize how the soldier played them . This is a crowd pleaser with a lesson about crossing southern belles .
Coppola uses a slow-burn approach to build a thrilling chamber piece . It wo n't be a movie that works for all , but it shows another side of the filmmaker 's capabilities that is a joy to watch .
Even as it mixes genres ranging from drama/comedy/pulp thriller , Sofia Coppola never loses sight of the poignancy of her socially relevant Gothic potboiler
An interesting choice for Coppola . Her sixth feature film is a feminist take on some fairly sexist and exploitative material .
The Beguiled may be a remake of the 1971 movie of the same name but the acting performances are so strong in this psychological thriller that it almost does n't even matter .
Simple , stylish , and threaded together from the quirks of female and male behavior , The Beguiled is a sexual Southern Gothic fairy tale that is wisely more humid than hot .
Throughout , Coppola keeps the film 's pressure-cooker tensions on the boil , introducing elements of suspense , sensuality and sometimes near-camp humour .
This remake is a searing period piece , a Southern gothic drama that seeks to castrate destructive , toxic male energy , and the water comes to a slow boil before it scalds .
Precious and pastel ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Coppola has managed to build narratives of female privacy .
Coppola makes the film mellifluous , insipid and languid , which annihilates the idea of narrative progression for the sake of atmosphere . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
In this dark fairy tale about female empowerment and repression of desires , the Ferocious Wolf should think twice about getting involved with Little Red Riding Hood . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The Beguiled seems built with the meticulousness and wisdom of a good short story . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
The natural light , the long silences and the leisurely pace pretend to be atmospheric , but they end up making the story a bit heavy . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
It is n't a suspense movie , it is n't a dissection of race relations in the Civil War South , it is n't a bask in the dying light of the agrarian gentry , it is n't even particularly sexed-up and bodice-ripping lascivious .
Coppola has inverted the old order of sexploitation and Farrell has been reduced to a sex object . He just looks like a very happy one .
The Beguiled is a film that slowly honors its name with a good cast , good performances and wise direction by Sofia Coppola , creating a story that captivates us with subtle ingenuity and good manufacturing . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
A remarkable proposal that knows how to differentiate very well from the original film without betraying it in any moment . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Although deprived of many of the provocations that boiled the original version ... The Beguiled raises an ambivalent , more modest and at the same time bolder view ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
... in the hands of Sofia Coppola , The Beguiled is a good expression of the contemplative character close to the female universe . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
As gorgeous to look at as it is accessible , entertaining and -- be warned -- occasionally rather grim .
In focusing strictly on gender politics , Coppola renders her protagonists less interesting , which ultimately makes The Beguiled an exercise in selective seeing .
The Beguiled is well worth seeing but it 's also just as worthy of being taken to task for its shortcomings .
Although Sofia Coppola 's best is still The Virgin Suicides , The Beguiled is highly recommended . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The film points the triumph of delatation and extermination over Christian mercy , as well as the victory of dark eroticism over compassion and sentiment . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Coppola keeps the story and setting simple , letting her actresses do all the work . Led by Kidman , they indeed turn in outstanding performances .
Although it has lashings of antebellum atmosphere , Sofia Coppola 's remake of the 1971 Don Siegel/Clint Eastwood American civil war drama lacks the malicious bite it needs .
The cast is physically attractive and the photograph is quiet and elegant , almost contrary to the tensions presented by its characters . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A round film , able to deliver many moments of exciting intrigue , and that is also a high point in the filmography of several of its actors . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
In the end , the work becomes an instructional video , one that does not tell us what we do not already know about the mind games men and women play .
It may be bold to subtract the genre stuff from your genre piece . But the final product , as mordantly funny as it sometimes is , is only as memorable as Miss Edwina 's formally interesting braids are flattering .
The best-looking film of the year to date .
Finally a corset drama that 's also a bewitching delight .
Every character in The Beguiled , I suppose , must react to a war-time situation in which norms have been upset , but the movie could have used a little more of the bile that ultimately begins to flow .
Eerie , dreamy and wonderfully restrained .
What 's this ? A film , based on an earlier film , that actually justifies its existence , and then some ?
Engaging and dryly funny , with ironic bite courtesy of old-fashioned worldviews .
A passable , pretty period time filler for the undemanding ... The film has been politically corrected to within an inch of its life .
The Beguiled is beguiling .
It 's better than Siegel 's film in many aspects , not only moral ones . -LSB- Full review in Portuguese . -RSB-
`` The Beguiled '' is problematic inasmuch as it plays against clichés as much as it embraces the necessary lusts of its horny female characters .
` The Beguiled ' will mesmerize you .
There are some terrific exchanges between Nicole Kidman and Colin Farrell who both deliver strong performances .
The film brings together a female cast of a great level in a plot that does n't do justice to this genre at all . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Sexy , tense and well-acted , this is Coppola 's best outing since Lost in Translation . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A remarkably effective gothic thriller , darkly playing on the vulnerability and innate power of women .
The Beguiled 's tiny cast creates a powerful effect in terms of narrative tension .
The film 's leading women work admirably with what they 've been given , but ultimately they 're little more than a chain of pretty , but one-dimensional , paper dolls .
In its own woozy , evocative , aesthetically beautiful way , the film does feel like it 's getting at something interesting about the dangers of trying to preserve a moribund way of life at all cost .
At its heart , The Beguiled is a story about the explosive and terrible potential of sexuality that burns deep inside the hearts of women .
A smart , savvy exploration of lust and power in the long-running battle of the sexes .
Surprisingly snappy and relentlessly atmospheric ... Coppola 's leanest , meanest film , and one that is less an objet d'art than a guilty pleasure .
To watch The Beguiled is to see a director at the peak of her craft , in full control of her facilities .
The Beguiled has a strong story to tell . Unfortunately , it 's too wrapped up in Sofia Coppola 's naïveté and hubris to be anything more .
Coppola maps her own cossetted worldview onto every project , and so The Beguiled once again treats its viewers to a dreamy vision of leisure and plenty for the beautifully dressed but emotionally troubled .
Visibly directed as is Coppola 's wont it is a sumptuously beautiful film -- cinematographer Philippe Le Sourd has a field day -- with some wonderful performances but it will leave some viewers a bit cold .
There is quiet comedy in the early scenes as the women refuse to admit to one another their itchy interest in the new resident . And when hostilities break out and mad events ensue , the humour becomes nicely black .
Rather dull .
Fans of Siegel 's film may bridle at Coppola 's reinterpretation , but those who have swooned at Coppola 's distinctive back catalogue will find themselves right at home .
It 's a Sofia Coppola film through and through , hushed , decorous , communicating through the placement of furnishings and the rustle of costumes and exchanged glances as much as by the minimal complications of plot .
Kirsten Dunst , Elle Fanning and Angourie Rice play young , frustrated women whose various foibles are skilfully revealed during Coppola 's elegant , well-acted and wickedly funny drama .
Beautiful , tense and engaging , the film will lure you in with every frame .
Kidman firmly re-establishes her reputation as a proper screen heavyweight .
If you 're unfamiliar with the original , this tasteful and undeniably beautiful film may well beguile you .
The Beguiled is a clever remake that proves if you have a vision for reimagining a film you can deliver something effective .
Coppola 's version is both singularly tailored and universally felt , as the very femaleness of the females is examined as a costume to be carefully measured , sewn , and embellished as reflecting their fluctuating agency .
This is clever , tense , gripping , told at a lick -- it 's less than 90 minutes -- and while revenge is a dish best served cold , it 's pretty good served this way too .
Sofia Coppola ca n't help but bring one refreshing element : a female eye . The camera in her version of The Beguiled expresses and inhabits the women 's isolation ... while her delicate touch as a director keeps the mood frisky even at its most fraught .
This aloof period drama just does n't let its crisp white petticoats get sullied enough .
If the story does n't invite too much scrutiny , Coppola 's atmospheric command of this hothouse prevents a total surrender to tosh .
If the mark of a filmmaker depends both on style and substance , Sofia Coppola is stronger on the former than she is on the latter .
If it lacks the juicy , hysterical appetite of Siegel 's original adaptation , the film has a resolute restraint that pays off in an intriguing ambiguity .
It does keep the central crux of the plot , and there is much strange but satisfying pleasure to be had .
You 'll be beguiled .
In comparison to the moody tragedy of the Don Siegel cult original , feels so blandly inconsequential .
Frankly , my dears , you will give a damn .
It lulls you into expecting just a delicate , moody social observation . But actually you are in for a sexually charged thriller , with moments of sudden violence and a morally disastrous conclusion .
The candlelit interiors and misty forests make the film look inviting and the acting is fist rate with Farrell winning our sympathy and Dunst capturing all the longing and heartache of Edwina .
Beautifully made , superbly acted - but also a pale and bloodless remake , that lacks the power to shock .
A slightly sleazy Clint Eastwood vehicle from 1971 , also called The Beguiled , gets an arthouse remake from Sofia Coppola for no discernible reason .
Coppola 's remake is more contemplative and psychologically complex than the original , as well as more suspenseful .
A remake of an adaptation of a novel , Sophia Coppola could have done better than this .
This is Coppola 's best film by a country mile .
All told , Coppola 's film is another satisfying , if somewhat minor , addition to the filmmaker 's impressive career .
It 's stylish , lord knows : Old Colonial sets , a ton of backlighting and mock-liturgical music doing the full Monteverdi . The cast is classy . The script has moments .
Only rarely does the film flicker with emotional life , which usually happens when the effortlessly charismatic McBurney is onscreen .
For those like me , deeply imprinted by Siegel 's version , Coppola 's reimagining is beguilingly satisfying .
It 's a strange , twisted tale about the perversion of sexual longing , embellished with psychological power shifts and swiftly changing alliances edged with black humour .
Sofia Coppola 's gorgeously filmed , stiflingly atmospheric reimagining of the American Civil War-era drama The Beguiled is fascinating , intoxicating and darkly amusing , with a subtle undercurrent of menace .
The Beguiled works primarily due to the casting of Nicole Kidman in the crucial role of headmistress . The star has n't had a chance to flex her comedic muscles this convincingly since To Die For 's wickedly funny Suzanne Stone .
A finely-crafted crafted drama tiptoeing a high wire dividing the languid from the lurid , The Beguiled can both intrigue and infuriate where it so sees fit .
This is Southern Gothic at its most lush and delirious . It is also very comic in its own macabre way . Coppola conjures up a wonderfully fervid atmosphere .
This remake is unnecessary , compromised and lacking in visual flair . The original is therefore still the best version of the story and readily available to watch on DVD .
If you allow yourself to give in to The Beguiled 's enchanting spell , you might find yourself converted to Coppola 's cause .
As the mood gradually transitions from hushed to airless to suffocating , the picture seems to drown in its own hothouse femininity . We long for just a taste of the sharp wit Coppola offered so effortlessly in Lost in Translation .
There is plenty in The Beguiled for any viewer to chew on after they leave the theater .
Kidman is as ruthless and vulnerable as we 've ever seen her .
Coppola 's screenplay meticulously softens or eliminates everything that was bold and frightening about Don Siegel 's 1971 film version .
Coppola 's most traditional film to date is a heightened , darkly comic , sexually tense drama that flips the male gaze , to show what happens when a man , for once , gets caught in the crosshairs of desire .
Do n't be fooled by the corsets and candlelit cinematography . They may as well have called it Carry on Convalescing .
Witty , menacing and steamy -LRB- in every sense -RRB- , The Beguiled is an intelligent update and Coppola 's best work to date . Oscars await .
Sofia Coppola 's radical re-envisioning of Don Siegel 's lurid 1971 Civil War melodrama works in the same way as Hendrix covering Dylan 's `` All Along the Watchtower '' or Johnny Cash singing Nine Inch Nails ' `` Hurt . ''
Exhibiting the same subtle yet sharp stabs of humour that distinguished her Lost in Translation -LRB- 2003 -RRB- , Sofia Coppola has fashioned a film that is even more beautiful than her The Virgin Suicides -LRB- 1999 -RRB- .
Filled with stunning imagery , Sofia Coppola 's beautifully realized remaking of The Beguiled is a tantalizing and tense morality tale , its underlying themes of sexual repression effectively echoing the film 's angst-ridden soundscape .
While I wish there was more to the story line of The Beguiled , it definitely did not disappoint .
A sumptuous thriller about the unique dynamic of an all-female collective that is susceptible to envy but also powerful in solidarity .
The general view seems to be that civilization might survive and even flourish if men were n't around to wreck it with their making of love and war , but where 's the fun in that ?
The Beguiled is better directed than it is written ... In its study of interpersonal rivalry and sexual tension , the film does n't say anything that was n't better articulated in Don Siegel 's 1971 adaptation .
However much filmmakers try to sustain orders , movies become meaningful in their engagements with viewers , whose experiences can be messy and , as they live in various times and places , evolving .
The main beguiler may be Coppola herself , who , through rich atmosphere and enigmatic characters , bewitches her audience .
Sofia Coppola 's career may have all been leading up to this .
Coppola plays it like a violin , a full bow of the emotional strings punctuated by a solo note vibrato . The entertainment comes from the resulting symphonic effect of all those feelings in the same pit . It 's more of a mood sometimes than a movie ...
A subtly savory , estrogenic potboiler that empowers the feminist perspective ...
Coppola 's version of The Beguiled is more expertly directed and refined , until this cultured drama sheds its skin and reveals the nutty horror underneath .
In remaking Don Siegel 's sex-crazed Civil War tale , `` The Beguiled , '' Sofia Coppola accomplishes the difficult task of staying faithful to a story of females gone wild at a Southern boarding school while also making it intriguingly her own .
What 's baffling is Coppola 's decision to strip the piece of all nuance and all complexity .
If Jane Austen wrote a horror movie . An almost serene sinisterness infuses female-gazey carnal intrigue ... but it could be even more feminist than it is .
The discussion of what the film is n't is a discussion worth having , just not at the expense of what the film is : Delicious , sensual , made with sterling craft and an unassumingly sharp edge .
-LSB- It 's -RSB- is n't necessarily Coppola 's best film ... And yet , with deliciously pulpy sensibilities , a surprisingly wicked sense of humour , and a cast stacked with talented women at the tops of their game , it might just be her most squirmingly entertaining .
It 's definitely an interesting contrast to the 1971 film , and both fascinating for what it explores , but also for what it leaves out .
I love this movie .
Coppola 's is a very good movie but a small and forgettable one .
The film 's greatest treat is Miss Martha herself , whose graceful exterior conceals a core of steely self-sufficiency and resolve . Nicole Kidman can do more with less than any actress working .
It is the final moments , though , that Coppola 's direction reaches its finest pitch .
The Civil War is a perfect setting for this battle between the sexes , and Coppola does a deft and surgical job of conveying the emotional nuances laid bare by her great visual storytelling .
It 's a dynamic situation , but while Coppola tantalizes effectively , the story itself has too much possibility and not enough follow-through .
Beyond her capable cast , Coppola 's major ace in the hole turns out to be French cinematographer Philippe Le Sourd .
Coppola seems to be one of those directors who believe that if you get the actors into the right costumes , the story will tell itself .
Sofia Coppola 's take on Thomas Collinan 's novel The Beguiled slowly but effortlessly glides from wishful thinking to the stuff of nightmares .
Sofia Coppola in signature mode , creating voluptuous sights and sounds that disguise a serious deficiency of ideas .
Colin Farrell certainly is no Clint Eastwood -LRB- who played a similar role in the 1971 original -RRB- , but the ladies rule this one , including Sofia Coppola and her oddly haunting direction .
Longtime Coppola collaborators Anne Ross -LRB- production design -RRB- and Stacey Battat -LRB- costume design -RRB- achieve just the right note of frayed gentility that characterizes the world of these women .
You 're thankful everything looks pretty because the plot mechanisms eventually become somewhat boring . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Sexual Content etc. - also Available -RRB-
The Beguiled is Coppola 's bloodiest , most visceral movie to date , and it is also one of her best .
Fanning , Dunst and the on-a-roll Kidman all seem ready to dive in , but `` The Beguiled '' stops them short . There 's plenty of cunning boiling beneath the surface , but Coppola keeps a tight lid on it .
The Beguiled , despite a decidedly erratic sense of momentum , stands as one of Coppola 's best films ...
Coppola is telling a smaller , more contained story than she typically does , and she makes the transition quite wel
The actors pitch their roles perfectly : Kidman 's breathy calm ; Farrell 's charm , just hinting at something dark within it ; Fanning 's way of prettily arranging herself , showing off Alice 's newfound power ; Dunst 's quiet melancholy .
In an age when women are taking back the genres , The Beguiled makes for an interesting addition to the cinematic conversation . Rather than a radical gender-switch of characters , it 's an old story with a new point of view .
The story is briskly told - it 's 11 minutes shorter than Siegel 's version - with good performances that alternately amuse , seduce and shock .
It 's clear that -LSB- Sofia Coppola -RSB- has been itching to make a gothic film and she luxuriates in the genre .
The Beguiled is fantastic .
Coppola is having fun around the edges of this Southern gothic , with its formal compositions and deliberate pacing -LRB- as usual , a little too deliberate for my taste -RRB- .
Sofia Coppola successfully uses this story to carve out some fantastic character dynamics and atmosphere - while handling a narrative that never quite delivers enough twists and turns .
makes a fitting statement on the aversion to complicated lessons learned and a reliance on tradition
Sofia Coppola 's version of The Beguiled ... is perhaps best viewed as a complementary companion piece to the first film .
The Beguiled is clever , surprising and less aggressive than your average wartime tale , and that seems appropriate for a story of survival told with a woman 's touch .
The Beguiled works at a slow simmer and within the hothouse atmosphere painstakingly created by the filmmaker .
Another big-screen adaptation of this story probably was n't necessary . But as unnecessary films go , it 's well worth a look .
Of course , something 's got ta give , and when it does , The Beguiled reminds us we have n't been watching a fairy tale all this time -- we 've been watching a very fractured fairy tale .
This new adaptation by Sofia Coppola unfolds from a more feminine sensibility , and like her first and best feature , The Virgin Suicides , it sets out to expose the inner dynamics and frustrated sexuality of a small , mysterious cloister of women .
-LSB- Coppola -RSB- ignites a long , long dramatic fuse on this art house project , sumptuously rendered by director of cinematography Philippe Le Sourd in ethereal natural light , be it from a woozy , filtered sun or a soft , glowing candle .
Shot with sultry , south of the Mason-Dixon line nuance by cinematographer Philippe Le Sourd and accompanied by Laura Karpman 's haunting score , The Beguiled is a slow-burn tale of repressed sexuality and duplicitous doings .
Both beautiful and unsettling ... dependent more on atmosphere and suggestion rather than overt titillation .
Modest in scale yet rousing in Southern Gothic psychodrama , Sofia Coppola 's `` The Beguiled '' creates levels of excitement that bigger , longer , louder blockbusters ca n't match .
A near-miss that offers a captivating atmosphere and strong performances to go along with an uneven tone and a climax that 's so overcooked that it bursts at the seams with unintentional humor .
On its own terms , `` The Beguiled '' is a finely crafted , gemlike exercise in surface tension and subterranean stirrings .
`` The Beguiled '' probably could 've benefited from a little more energy in its telling . Still , Coppola offers some gorgeous images of the past made present .
In Coppola 's hands , it all feels a little more dangerous , frightening and unpredictable because it 's more grounded .
It 's almost a dream world here , but nightmares are never far away .
An elegant and efficient period thriller that , while perhaps not ringing with resonance , is still an engrossing and well-told yarn .
Coppola observes the self-destructive tendencies of young -LRB- or just immature -RRB- women without judgment or titillation , letting her top-notch cast convey the conflicting emotions .
Ultimately `` The Beguiled '' is clinical when it should be compelling .
`` The Beguiled '' is a solid and at times eerily subversive piece of work , but it shows that there may be limits to Sofia Coppola 's ambition and her nerve .
As touched up by Coppola , the story has the distinctive ironic structure of an ancient Greek myth , one in which a brave but devious warrior , temporarily helpless from his wounds , blunders into a house of beautiful young women .
A film about stasis risks becoming static itself , and somewhere between the careful framing and the deliberate pace , The Beguiled tips into turgidity , failing to turn intensity into urgency .
Coppola vividly captures the Southern Gothic aesthetic ... Tension underscores every scene .
A droll , atmospheric adaptation of Thomas Cullinan 's 1966 novel . Although the 1971 film adaptation starring Clint Eastwood is well-regarded , writer-director Sofia Coppola deftly reimagines the story from a delectably feminine point of view .
A measured , feminine take on what 's essentially an exploitation picture tastefully displayed behind glass .
For those like me , deeply imprinted by Siegel 's version , Coppola 's reimagining is artful , clever , and more than a little beguiling .
Sofia Coppola 's elegant and slow-burning remake is erotic and expertly performed by its talented cast .
Everyone in Coppola 's The Beguiled is almost too pretty to believe . Yet it 's interesting to see a male perspective movie about women like Siegel 's reconsidered by a modern woman ... another step forward for femme-centric cinema in a summer of several .
weak tea served in a dainty china cup .
Strip away the dread and much of the menace from this tale of sexual betrayal and revenge , and it 's an Austen-with-a-drawl comedy-of-manners , utterly missing the point .
Sofia Coppola proves taking this remake from the male side to the female point of view is just the ticket . A rare Civil War story about those women not in the heat of battle .
The film is a dazzling technical achievement , featuring evocative period sets and costumes complemented by a haunting music score that helps to heighten the suspense .
There was a feeling of doom that enveloped the original ... Coppola fails to find that same energy and any connection to the war being waged outside the walls is vague at best .
`` The Beguiled , '' in its quasi-mathematical abstraction , amounts to little more than the baseline proof of -LSB- Coppola 's -RSB- method-a reductio ad absurdum .
Plotwise , director Sofia Coppola does n't change much from Clint Eastwood 's 1971 take on novelist Thomas Cullinan 's story , but moodwise , she gives it her own special , dreamy-thoughtful visual style .
A tense , seductive , and wickedly fun southern gothic romp .
... less concerned about male threat and more interested in feminine desire .
Each frame of The Beguiled is a wonder to look at , from the candle-lit dinner-time conferences to the angelic portraits of John , who 's frequently bathed in heavenly light .
It may not be Coppola 's most thought-provoking or emotional outing to date , but it 's a chilling and stunningly well-made one nonetheless .
-LSB- Starring Nicole Kidman , Kirsten Dunst , and Elle Fanning , -RSB- The Beguiled has the potential to become a captivating narrative , but the characters are drawn in such a boring and uninspired way that they only become interesting once a man enters their lives .
It 's consistently engaging , and it 's assembled with an expert hand , even if it 's a more serious approach than the story deserves .
The production is sultry and fogged in diffused light and , overall , does look good on the screen . But , the fault , to paraphrase the Bard , is not in our stars , but in the script .
-LSB- T -RSB- his adaptation of Don Siegel 's 1971 drama ... becomes another of Sofia Coppola 's listless spoiled-girl forays .
Though an only decent adaptation , The Beguiled is deftly directed by Coppola , giving room for the cast to shine in their performances .
Writer-director Sofia Coppola has produced a small-scale movie that exalts old-fashioned movie-making qualities , yielding a refreshingly understated alternative to a sea of summer blockbusters .
Nearly every shot here is a visual symphony , all milky sunbeams shot through Spanish moss and white muslin flickering in candlelight .
A few of the performances , especially Nicole Kidman 's , as the lady in charge , and Kirsten Dunst 's , as the teacher pining to flee with the corporal , have some bite , but not enough to make much of an imprint in this brittle , vaporous chamber piece .
` Beguiled ' '17 is not as straight-up weird as the '71 version ; it 's a comparatively muted movie stylistically , as Coppola is -LRB- surprisingly , perhaps -RRB- more of a classical filmmaker than the much older Siegel .
The lion 's share of the credit must go to Coppola , who turns her predilection for understatement and delicacy into something quietly savage .
Touted with suspense and riveting performances from its cast , Sofia Coppola 's `` The Beguiled '' stands alone as the single best film of 2017 so far , and the crowning jewel of the director 's career .
The kind of movie that lingers on in your head , just like the best fairy tales do .
Kidman and Dunst are outstanding , with two very different reactions to the intruder . It is precisely presented , even beguiling , but Coppola needs to move on or go deeper .
This relatively-refined remake was directed by Sofia Coppola whose effort was richly rewarded at Cannes where she became only the second woman to win Best Director in the history of the festival .
The Beguiled is n't Coppola 's strongest film , but it 's her smartest and most skillful in portraying how the dynamics of a group of women can warp and weft under outside pressure , turning from community to competition .
Coppola 's The Beguiled does n't so much negate the festering male paranoia as reclaim the point of view for the women it targets . Then she bats the premise around like a graceful cat with an addled mouse in its paws .
`` The Beguiled '' has some of the spooky , suggestive magic of a fairy tale .
The strength of her film transcends the soldier 's power to seduce . We 're beguiled , as an audience , by seeing this male animal as he is seen , and for better and worse experienced , by a diverse and dynamic group of females .
Coppola has brought together an exquisite ensemble that plays the drama like a tender and tense symphony .
Coppola gets at thorny and complex ideas about how expectations of female gentility poison female sexuality and cause these women to experience desire as sickness .
The Beguiled serves as proof that what goes for naturalism in Sofia Coppola 's dominion still verges on being decorative to the point of self-parody .
Moody and compelling , with fine performances all around .
`` Beguiled '' is less a hothouse flower than a bonsai garden , a work of cool , exquisite artifice that evokes wildness on a small , controlled scale .
To quote the title of Roxy Music 's New Wave hit that Coppola brilliantly employed in Lost in Translation , I expected more than this . More darkness . More suspense . More oomph .
Though the two `` Beguiled `` s are very different , they 're the same in a key way : Both are thrilling works of art too complex for sometimes reductive think pieces .
Sofia Coppola is a virtuoso of image and sound . but do n't mistake her delicate touch for weakness . The Beguiled is a hothouse flower of startling power and intimacy . You ca n't shake it .
It 's Dunst who gives the standout performance , transforming Edwina from a buttoned-up vision of repression to a woman driven by a volatile mix of desire and desperation .
Nicole Kidman is particularly , unsurprisingly excellent in her performance as the steely Miss Martha . She is controlled and in control , unflappable .
The Beguiled '71 gluts ; Coppola 's film tamps down and reduces .
Kirsten Dunst is terrific as a slightly sad teacher with her own designs on the Yank . And Elle Fanning is a landmine in lace as the school flirt .
There 's something underfurnished about this movie , a lack of historical , intellectual , and thematic richness .
`` The Beguiled '' is a delicious summer movie -- filmmaking at its best .
Eventually `` The Beguiled '' shifts into a horror show/thriller with at least two major ironies that will resonate long after you leave the theater .
While it never quite enters the realm of horror , Coppola knowingly conjures something supernatural about what drives these women in the shaded margins of America 's bloodiest war .
It 's the kind of mood that brings out the best in Kidman , whose performance is deliciously subtle , but with a lemony edge of camp that allows her to twist an entire scene with the arch of an eyebrow or parting of her lips .
As far as remakes go , it 's one of the best in recent memory , Coppola putting her own staunchly feminist and frothily witty twist on the tale without drastically retooling its story beats .
The performances are engrossing , particularly Kidman 's : She disappears into the distant primness of Ms. Farnsworth . The costumes are exquisite and the Southern setting atmospheric and beautiful .
Coasts mainly on surfaces . Issues and questions are raised , grazed , but remain unexplored .
Coppola 's film may have more birds chirping -- almost constantly -- than any film in history .
Its power is in its undercurrents , in the sense that what we 're seeing is n't inevitable but a sort of worst-case scenario of genders in opposition .
The Beguiled showcases good manners and bad deeds , though it lacks the necessary edge to make it a satisfying revenge thriller .
Another title for this Civil War harlequin-style romance could be `` Sleeping with the Enemy . ''
Under Coppola 's direction , eroticism is replaced with female unity and empowerment . Farrell seductive charm is ignored .
The Beguiled is a deliciously dangerous period thriller that refuses to let a man 's privilege go unchecked like the Hollywood standard .
It 's as if Coppola sought to bring a little humanism to this fundamentally sleazy Southern Gothic , and regardless of how well one feels it plays out , it 's a consistently interesting approach .
`` The Beguiled '' runs for ninety-four minutes , and even those feel like a stretch .
When romantic entanglements begin , it 's too sudden . None of the characters had developed those feelings for more than one scene each .
The Beguiled is fun , yes , and we 're all for nuance . But for what is essentially a Southern horror movie , it 's too hermetically sealed , wispy and careful to grab you by the throat the way it should .
Kidman , Fanning and Dunst effectively convey three different flavours of sexual covetousness .
Both Kidman and Farrell are on splendid form for Coppola .
If Siegel 's 1971 film offers a battle of the sexes , Coppola 's 2017 update foregrounds a hard-won utopia .
Sofia Coppola has corseted the simmering sexual tension ... The movie feels like an abridgement of a highly pulpy game of cat and mouse -LRB- s -RRB- .
A masterful study in mood and longing . A film to drink in and ponder , `` The Beguiled '' is artistically alive while delivering in raw , often hair-raising desperation .
Kidman knows how to find all the sweaty splendor in overheated material , but she has quiet fun with this one .
Beneath the exquisitely rendered visual and atmospheric gild is a passionate and brilliantly observed lament for female sexuality left to go to seed .
Philippe Le Sourd 's photography and Nicole Kidman 's performance elevate the film and place it among the leading of a weak competition . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The film shows some progress in the director 's ability , but it 's more decorative than decorous . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Compact , effective and inspiring . Another success within the director 's filmography . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The film becomes a chess game , where only the most intelligent move will win , that can completely deceive its adversary . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Atmospheric and bewitching .
Coppola has made a swift , gorgeous chamber thriller , an efficient and refreshingly straightforward film that crackles with wicked humor .
Its density , ends up drowning a good part of the intention of a Gothic story . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Sofia Coppola is more interested in filming the landscape than delving into the complex reactions of the characters . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
So convincing in dramatic , narrative , visual and acting terms . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Sofia Coppola is surprising builds her film with rigor and even with certain asceticism . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The character dynamics transfix ... but I was most taken with the way Coppola uses style to create meaning .
Enjoyable in places , it nevertheless feels rushed and as flustered as some of the women caught in McBurney 's gaze . That ca n't have been Coppola 's intention .
Although the picture is noticeably lacking in taut suspense of the conventional variety , it flies in close to a subtler , hotter flame : The sensuality of deceit .
Coppola immerses us in a world of verdant outdoor beauty , hushed indoor quiet , and dutiful routine . It 's a nice place to visit , but we can see in the yearning glances of the women that living there would be another matter entirely .
Sofia Coppola 's American Civil War movie , The Beguiled , turns out to be a comedy as floaty and insubstantial as the dresses that her seven Southern belles wear .
It 's the mashed up stylistic markers of The Beguiled that make it so effective , especially as they skitter across the revenge plot humming along beneath the surface .
Coppola 's film is told with surgical precision and savage grace .
Coppola seems to have no interest in exploring the emotional consequences of the rivalries .
Sofia Coppola has made a modern feminist horror film about the dangers of not allowing your social conditioning to talk louder than your personal feelings .
The film 's ambiance is so wonderfully rendered and Coppola 's perspective is so distinct it makes it all the more unexpected how slight the end result feels .
Coppola 's version abounds in pleasures : from the starry cast to Philippe Le Sourd 's cinematography , all misty woods , dangling creepers and softly sparkling candlelit interiors .
I spent a chunk of the film wondering what here excited Coppola - what was it about the novel that she could n't wait to bring to the screen ?
In its second half , the movie shifts gear into high Southern Gothic melodrama , and it is glorious to behold .
A sumptuous and often campy erotic horror , one that marks a confident debut genre outing for the director .
Other than to place slightly more emphasis on the female empowerment angle ... it 's hard to detect a strong raison d'etre behind Sofia Coppola 's slow-to-develop melodrama .
I count myself as a Coppola believer , but this may be the first film she has made in which her essential personality as a director gets buried under the movie she 's making .
It is a tremendously watchable movie , a drama-thriller with subtle touches of noir and black comedy .
The Beguiled is a film entrenched in Coppola 's aesthetic and yet marks a departure and maturity for the filmmaker . Beautifully acted and gorgeously filmed , The Beguiled is impossible to ignore .
It 's a brisk sense of female imperturbability which makes The Beguiled such an endearingly subversive piece of cinema .
An exquisitely crafted drama of seduction , survival and sexual awakening .
So what would Sofia Coppola , one of a handful of female directors in competition in Cannes , bring to the story that is new by viewing it from a woman 's perspective ? The answer is : very little .

@highlight

The Beguiled adds just enough extra depth to its source material to set itself apart , and director Sofia Coppola 's restrained touch is enlivened by strong performances from the cast .