This film may well be the last gasp of Scandi-noir for the international market ... this phase of Nordic has gone from original to dutiful emulation to dreary self-parody .
The gruesome and graphic crime thriller should be a treat for those who love the genre -LRB- like me -RRB- , but is let down because both the characters and story are muddled .
Dreadfully difficult to sit through and ultra confusing .
This movie is a shoddy , messy wreck . Tonally speaking , it 's off , the editing is terrible .
The Snowman is a mess - but it is at least a fascinating one .
The Snowman has completely and utterly squandered any ounce of potential it may have initially possessed ...
Choppy , incoherent and dull , The Snowman is one of the worst films of the year . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Bad storytelling , bad monikers , bland characterisation , by-the-numbers backstory , barely interesting procedural drama : there 's an avalanche brewing in The Snowman , and it 's of the generic and cliched kind .
Even Fassbender 's typically intense and well-schooled performance ca n't elevate this muddled mess from the mundane .
The ensuing mystery becomes less about the one in the story , and more about how all this talent could be so squandered .
Unrelenting , but in the most trivial , unimaginative way .
The mystery develops in directions that are n't remotely interesting , leaving the entire movie feeling flat . At least it 's beautifully photographed in stunning Norwegian scenery .
What to make of a film that introduces Chloë Sevigny happily beheading chickens with an axe , has her beheaded herself by the killer , then immediately produces a twin sister to deliver a single item of exposition before never being seen again ?
The Snowman is a pratfall by the prima ballerina of the Bolshoi . It 's not without interest , and it deserves every ounce of the opprobrium it 's attracted .
Not even Michael Fassbender can save this tedious excuse for a thriller .
-LSB- The Snowman -RSB- is two hours of uninterrupted , snow-caked boredom .
It 's a story told in patchwork , and most of those involved deserve better .
The Snowman 's just not worth sticking your neck out for .
... the movie itself is an inept misfire - the kind of entrancing train wreck that makes you long for a behind-the-scene tell-all to explain what , exactly , went so wrong .
How did a delicious Scandinavian noir novel go so spectacularly wrong on screen ?
Even in its imperfections , `` The Snowman '' is unusual , fascinating , and warranting of closer consideration , a layered thriller with aesthetic beauty to spare and forlorn wisdom into both the mysteries and universalities of the human condition .
The Snowman is a slog .
It 's a melting mess of a thriller .
Under even the most cursory scrutiny , The Snowman simply melts .
What we unequivocally have here is the Emoji Movie of serial-killer thrillers .
The brain freeze that is The Snowman should destroy any hopes of a franchise and that , considering how good the Nesbø series is , ranks as a damn shame .
When the director of a twisted , turgid murder mystery admits something went wrong , it 's worth noting ...
Overstuffed and clumsy , nothing makes sense .
A potboiler story that should have been an easy hit but is instead a plodding , emotionless exercise to be cast down the memory hole -LRB- harry or otherwise -RRB- .
I hated The Snowman . I hated it for it 's sloppy storytelling , uninteresting characters , sub plot 's that go nowhere . But most of all , I hated it because of what it should have been .
I liked The Snowman just fine-it 's scary , and all the casual detective knitwear looked cozy-but I watch a lot of murder mysteries and have a high tolerance for even the category 's most mediocre entries . This is certainly one of them .
The Snowman is an accidentally funny movie about graphic serial murder .
In a lot of ways , `` The Snowman '' is like IKEA made a movie ; and then they asked you to assemble it without any instructions .
There 's a similar lack of character development when it comes to the main players in the current day setting .
Not a single scene works as anything more than a total waste of good film .
With such talent in front of and behind the camera , it 's a shame that The Snowman 's narrative and structural problems were n't properly adjusted before its release .
` The Snowman ' made me laugh when it probably should n't have .
Michael Fassbender as a detective named `` Harry Hole . '' A serial killer who puts snowman heads on their victims . How the hell did this get made ?
With a perplexing tale and some very odd creative choices , it 's so easy to laugh at The Snowman , but this kind of tale should n't inspire laughter .
The problem is n't excess of ambition or a pointed performance , it 's simply a failure to master the basics . The storytelling is disjointed and ineffective , the mood mostly lackadaisical .
In this soul-deadening freeze , who would n't seek solace in a bottle ? Or in the physical warmth of a lover 's arms ? Or in mass murder ?
The storytelling in The Snowman is the cinematic equivalent of listening to somebody trying to remember the plot of a paperback they read in an airport 10 years ago .
None of it is supposed to be funny , despite leading-man Fassbender 's character name , Harry Hole , and an ending that actually leaves room for a sequel . Ha !
The movie is disjointed and sometimes hard to follow , with scenes that start or end abruptly , narrative threads that go nowhere and poorly inserted flashbacks .
A muddled thriller that appears to have been edited by a blind man wildly swinging an ax .
One of the most shockingly awful wastes of talent imaginable , this adaptation of Jo Nesbo 's thriller is mostly incoherent and , just when it starts to make sense , it is hijacked by a series of laughably bad clichés .
Do you want a thrill-less `` Snowmaaaaaan '' ? This movie seems to last all dayyyyy . Rare are mainstream screw-ups like this anymore . Profoundly poor . What 's this story trying to sayyyyy ? An odious , offensive objet d'art with a depressing Val Kilmer turn .
The Snowman is as incompetently made as any studio movie in recent memory .
Everything about `` The Snowman '' is off-kilter , as if those behind the camera wanted to simply rush through the filming and get it into theaters as soon as possible .
The overall outcome of `` The Snowman '' is definitely disappointing . Parts of this movie are gripping -- and even terrifying -- but the script and Alfredson 's direction never capitalize on those moments .
I found the plot a bit confusing with its myriad of characters , then and now .
What 's especially alarming is how the film squanders talent on both sides of the camera .
This crime thriller has a promising director and a strong cast , but it 's a total mess , with baffling flashbacks , excessive padding , and an overall poor execution .
Just know it is readily apparent who the killer is not fifteen minutes into the movie ...
How could so much talent produce such a mess ? See Jo Nesbo adaptation `` Headhunters '' instead .
... the talent involved in this film is as considerable as it is disparate ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A twisty tale of inexplicable red herrings , baffling plot detours , and Chloe Sevigny as not one but two identical chicken farmers .
This putatively tense crime story melts before our eyes .
The Snowman , despite the majestic location cinematography , falls rather flat .
It 's as if everybody involved in The Snowman knew from the start that this was n't going to work and agreed to put forth the minimum effort required to get it over with .
It 's a disappointment too that Swedish director Tomas Alfredson , who found such rhythm and bite in recent outings such as `` Let the Right One In '' -LRB- 2008 -RRB- and `` Tinker Taylor Soldier Spy '' -LRB- 2011 -RRB- , seems so hobbled here .
How did such an amazing roaster of talented people go so horribly awry ?
The Snowman goes wrong in almost every way a movie can .
The movie plays as if he threw in the towel in the editing room . It 's a stiff .
... makes no sense whatsoever ... Fassbender sleepwalks through the role ... the biggest mystery in the movie is what is Val Kilmer doing there and what is he mumbling ?
It 's bad . A bit of a full-on Nesbøner , in fact .
It 's a pity , because there 's some squirmy vitality in the hothouse premise .
When a film 's reputation behind the scenes is more interesting than the finished result , that 's not a great sign .
The author has a great reputation , and I 'd hate to think anything as dull and poorly plotted as this trudge through yellow snow in search of a serial killer contributed to that .
That look is n't enough to overcome a sluggish pace and increasingly implausible plot . Frozen red herrings are still red herrings .
All these sinister snowmen-are we in some sort of dark Pillsbury universe here ?
Several great actors wasted . A boring villain . Too many characters in an equally boring plot . This one melts as quickly as a snowman in a heatwave .
A story that might have been confusing even if the movie did n't appear to have been edited with an immersion blender .
Completely , atrociously , perhaps even impressively , stupid .
Playground snowball fights have more suspense and intrigue than `` The Snowman , '' the most puzzlingly bad movie of the year .
This is a muddled adaptation of Jo Nesbø 's best-selling thriller . I 'm hard pressed to remember another police procedural that was so dull , or so encumbered in trying to tell its story .
It all makes sense if one ignores all of the diversions , but doing that makes The Snowman considerably shorter . That 's probably a good thing .
Disjointed , clichéd and not nearly as tense or thrilling as the trailer implies , The Snowman is a lesson in squandered potential .
The Snowman ruined both snow and Michael Fassbender for me .
`` The Snowman '' is ugly and nasty , but that 's not the worst of it . The worst is that it 's boring and makes no sense .
The biggest mystery within Tomas Alfredson 's The Snowman concerns its own creation .
While there are elements of a riveting Swedish Noir thriller here , The Snowman proves to be more of a pulpy mess than a chilling crime tale .
dead on arrival , with no chance of being resuscitated
A shambles of a film , desperately straining to tie its fraying threads together , if not into an impressive tapestry or a tidy bow , then at least in a gnarly knot .
`` The Snowman '' is like if aliens studied humanity and tried to make their own movie in an attempt to communicate with us .
Its lapses would be more forgivable if the plotting served some larger purpose , like exposing municipal corruption in Oslo 's government , but Chinatown this is not .
Such abundant talent , yet what we get on the screen is like a snow cone made with horse urine .
It 's easy to see the The Snowman 's appeal , but the reality is a hidden hole in the ice , sending talented actors and filmmakers to an icy grave .
-LSB- T -RSB- here 's no horror or suspense to the proceedings at all . In fact , each successive appearance of the silly snowman is just plain funny ...
It 's underdeveloped , missing vital connective tissue , not quite strong enough to live on its own .
The plot is a confused mess of dismembered bodies , postcard clues and go-nowhere scenes like the bunny-suited guy who is cleaning mould from Harry 's apartment building .
-LSB- The Snowman -RSB- is dull , inane , humorless , suspenseless , confusing and contrived .
Dreary as a Nordic winter , and almost as long .
This adaptation is so sloggy it feels like wading through thigh-deep snowfall , stained scarlet from all the gratuitous gore .
The Snowman does have the distinction of being so bad it 's almost worth watching , just to recalibrate your movie-viewing meter .
Sadly The Snowman can barely kick itself off , let alone a successful new series .
It adds up to what can only be described as a scorched-earth failure , a near-complete misfire that does n't even work on the most fundamental levels as a film .
There 's probably a good movie or several buried in the frigid wilds of Nesbø 's fiction , and with more time and cultural nuance and fewer cooks in the kitchen , it might well be realized .
Despite a top-notch cast , Alfredson 's spin on the murder mystery is painfully convoluted and thematically incomplete .
Atmospheric but chaotic , a ponderous , hazy parade of red herrings and misdirection that winds up with a totally implausible , psychologically simplistic denouement that would n't be out of place in a TV crime procedural .
So cold it 's frostbitten , and all the interesting bits seem to have fallen off already .
Alfredson delights in showing ways people 's noggins become detached from their bodies , but the queasy unsettling feeling those scenes produce mostly just serves to keep the viewer from falling asleep .
A leaden , clotted , exasperating mess .
The Snowman registers both as a bad thriller and a kind of anti-tourism ad that makes you never want to go to Oslo .
The Snowman is poorly made , an utter waste of a talented cast , and mind-numbing to sit through .
The first half-hour in particular feels like there 's no plot at all , just a highlights reel of Random Norwegian Crime Films In Which Everything Is Ominous and Everyone Looks Really Cold .
A misfit pileup of talent and material that turns into one soggy , sadistic Scandinavian-flavored slay-belle ride .
The failure of `` The Snowman '' is particularly painful due to the quality of the talent involved with it , wasting a rare shot at snowbound noir .
The Snowman is missing so much basic connective tissue as to be rendered almost completely inexplicable .
The Snowman is reminder that movies are hard to make , highly collaborative , often chaotic , and hundreds of things can go wrong . Here , everything did .
There is very little at all engaging about the film as it meanders its way toward a finish line that feels cheap , rushed and simply nonsensical .
It appears to be the world 's first Dadaist studio release , an excruciating abstraction of a movie in which absolutely nothing happens . The ideal soundtrack would be a compendium of record scratches .
A slow-motion car crash of a cinematic mishap featuring terrible performances from normally good actors and a bafflingly half-baked script ...
Roll `` The Snowman '' to the top of the ever-rising mountain of lousy movies with good trailers .
A frigid Fassbender turns his head this way and that , as if he were posing for a bust , and boy , this movie is one for sure .
Sorry , Scandinavian mystery geeks : The first adaptation of Jo Nesbø 's popular Harry Hole detective novels is a bumbling mess .
There 's a frozen loogie at the heart of The Snowman .
Mister Police , I gave you a bad movie .
A soggy , slushy mess .
There might be some grim pleasure in watching the film as an unintentional comedy , but it wo n't take away the depression of seeing so much good talent and potential go completely to waste .
A Nordic cheat of a mystery thriller
The film keeps you guessing by offering scant and unconvincing details , but the more it progresses , the more you realise it does n't have any answers at all .
The Snowman starts bad , gets worse , and finishes somewhere suboceanic . It may take decades for researcher to plumb its badness ; perhaps only with technology yet to be invented .
The tension dissipates in a tangle of muddled subplots , sluggish pacing and some strange decisions from Tomas Alfredson . The result is n't a Bone Collector , never mind a Se7en .
I love the fact that the screenplay and the direction assume an alert , invested audience . There is no dumbing down , or overt exposition .
The screenplay is an obtuse jigsaw , whose characters are a bit of a muddle - despite the strong cast and stunning wintry settings .
If you 're a tragic for the genre , The Snowman will scratch your itch .
A clichéd loose-cannon cop is on a case of murdered women in faux Norway . And it 's not even a decent procedural . Sexist , pointless , thoroughly awful .
If there 's anything worse than a boring thriller , it 's the perception that it 's not trying at all . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
-LSB- The Snowman -RSB- has a lot of suspense , good performances and no satisfying resolution . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
-LSB- The Snowman -RSB- discusses more about the transfer of fears and sins than most conventional psychothrillers . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
The complex plot is nasty and uninvolving and director Tomas Alfredson gets a terrible rush of sexist blood about two-thirds of the way through .
Set in Norway , but speaking English , it never finds a rhythm as it proceeds through assorted nasty murders , while Hole remains boringly stymied .
Despite Fassbender 's best efforts , we do n't see inside the hero 's head .
Something of a disappointment .
It could be there 's a coherent , gut-churning version of the Snowman sitting on Thelma Schoonmaker 's Mac but apparently someone changed her password .
... fritters away a cast headed by Michael Fassbender and Rebecca Ferguson .
Rebecca Ferguson confirms her rising status with a winning , intelligent performance as a balancing sidekick .
Despite these moments , the storyline is coherent , mostly . I also loved the rugged intensity of Fassbender as Harry Hole .
This frosty Jo Nesbo murder mystery fails to live up to its early promise .
Given the calibre of those behind this picture , it 's impossible not expect a film that transcends expectations , to subvert the formula rather than abide so frustratingly by it .
An efficient atmospheric potboiler but it lacks the impact of the book .
As Scandi-crime thrillers go , The Snowman is something of a wash-out , lacking anything resembling thrills , chills or suspense . It is , in a word , abominable .
It looks great , but only as a triumph of style over substance . I 'm sorry to say it left me cold .
There 's no excuse for this to be as bad as it is .
It 's unusual for a whodunnit to have such a powerful sedative effect as The Snowman .
It 's confused . It 's clichéd . It 's dated , dubious and unintentionally silly .
Jo Nesbø 's best-selling serial-killer mystery becomes all coal and no carrot , despite a sterling cast and crew .
There have been more exciting episodes of procedurals like Criminal Minds .
While there is a myriad of issues to pick apart , the most disappointing is that there is simply no atmosphere .
... a very slick slice of Scandinavian noir but one whose plot slaloms become increasingly preposterous .
For all the considerable nous assembled either side of the camera , no one can rescue it from its own mediocrity : if this were the opening act of a TV miniseries , you 'd be exploring other channels some time between the second and third ad breaks .
Take away all of the Scandi-noir signifiers -- patterned woolly jumpers , Volvos , frozen fjords , and lots and lots of bridges -- and The Snowman melts away , leaving nothing but a puddle .
It looks as if writers kept being drafted in to fix stuff , but found themselves tasked with cramming a square peg through a round hole . A lot of it does n't make sense .
... has enough well-balanced elements to firstly entertain , and then secondly , intrigue . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A serviceable , watchable thriller ...
An extremely broad Nordic noir parody , or at the very least a join-the-dots handbook for the genre impaired : Scandinavian Crime Drama for Dummies .
A case of a missed opportunity . It references all the right films , but The Snowman comes off as a pale imitation .
The Snowman goes wrong quickly , permanently , and in a spiral , turning into a nonsensical nightmare of Scandi-noir howlers from which you sometimes feel you may never awaken .
A film that feels as butchered as its serial killer 's victims . Ludicrous , but fascinatingly so .
It eventually melts into an exhausted puddle .
This intro to a new big-screen detective never quite gels , despite Fassbender 's best efforts . Too unremarkable to leave you anything but cold .
For all its high-caliber talent mix , The Snowman is a largely pedestrian affair , turgid and humorless in tone .
A production that seems to have been second - , third - and fourth-guessed at every turn , and bears the manifold scars and stitches of on-the-fly rethinking .
-LSB- The Snowman is -RSB- entangled , tense and ominous like the snowy winter landscapes in which it passes , but in its resolution hides a twist that flirts dangerously with manipulation . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-

@highlight

A mystery that feels as mashed together and perishable as its title , The Snowman squanders its bestselling source material as well as a top-notch ensemble cast .