In the 2000s , Will Ferrell had an enviable run of hit comedies . To my mind , Talladega Nights : The Ballad of Ricky Bobby is the funniest of the batch .
It 's also a typical Ferrell vehicle , meaning it has his usual flat delivery and inside jokes . This particular style of comedy is odd , it 's slow , it 's kind of dumb and people seem to love it .
You pretty much have to like Will Ferrell to like Talladega Nights , it 's his film through and through . But if you do , you 're in for a ride .
Often a one-note joke that goes on way too long ...
Talladega starts out slow , picks up speed in the middle , and nearly crashes and burns in the end .
The movie takes a piecemeal approach that allows for several guffaw-inducing comic bits , but does n't hold together enough for a sustained comic experience .
The script by Ferrell and director Adam McKay , a parody of sports biopics , takes the same freewheeling approach that served them well on Anchorman , but with a more mean-spirited edge .
A comedy with horsepower to spare .
Showcases Will Ferrell 's comedy genius to perfection .
Playing to his strengths , star and co-writer Will Ferrell reaps many good comic moments early on in Adam Mckay 's feature to compensate for a sluggish second half .
i concur with everything bobby has to say about highlander
Will Ferrell and director/writing collaborator Adam McKay have carved out a comfortable comic niche in taking confidently clueless oafs and pulling the rug out from under the core of resolutely prototypical alpha male existence .
Check your brain at the box-office to enjoy this brand of politically-incorrect hilarity poking fun mostly at gays , women and the French , all aimed at a redneck crowd with an average I.Q. of about 75 .
In Talladega , Mr. Ferrell finds his best role to date .
Riddled with blatant product placement . Blades of Glory is better . Ferrell ca n't save this one . Sacha adds little .
The disappointment of this movie is not that we do n't see enough of Will Ferrell . It 's disappointing because what we do see , we 've seen before , and better .
It 's not that ethnic and cultural stereotyping ca n't be funny -- Lord knows the laugh industry would be nothing without them -- it 's just that movies like this one keep punching the same buttons over and over again .
The white-trash , child-neglect , feel-good NASCAR comedy of the year -LRB- the one without the talking cars -RRB- .
Ferrell e seus parceiros se mostram sempre dispostos a estender uma cena até que ela eventualmente se torne engraçada % u2013 e , por incrível que pareça , esta tática funciona com freqüência .
A film that will keep you laughing from beginning to end -LRB- including the credits -RRB- , `` Talladega Nights '' is the most fun you can have this summer at 200 miles per hour !
Silly , but entertaining comedy about a dim-witted race car driver and his dysfunctional family and friends .
... It 's hard not to be amused by the scene-stealing supporting cast .
Some of the jokes here are funny . Most are not , while the characters are simply too silly to make us give two hoots about them . Worse , the movie collapses under the weight of a ton of syrup in the second half .
Anchorman director Adam McKay has assembled a terrific cast and his hilarious script -LRB- co-written with Ferrell -RRB- ensures that each of the characters has their own funny moment .
An inane parody of a triumphalist celebration of all-American sporting heroism .
Broad but not crude , dumb but not witless , clever but still snot-spittingly funny . Stupidly brilliant , in other words .
On the Ferrellometer , Talladega Nights sits just above Kicking & Screaming , when it should be redlining it up there with Anchorman .
Probably best viewed with a six-pack on hand .
There are laughs to be had within Talladega Nights but they 're certainly not worth the money a trip to the cinema will surely cost .
Much like its star , Talladega Nights is erratic , infuriating and very , very funny .
Ferrell and Reilly display a genuine feel for their characters , as well as an appealing rapport .
Not being a Will Farrell fan , this is a relative rave review of a film that at first glance promises so little , but ultimately delivers chuckles and gurgles and even some out and out laughs .
Consistently subversive and amusing ...
The film plays like an episode of Saturday Night Live , with the same character tying together various sketches poking fun at Southerners , psychosomatic diseases , NASCAR fans , people who pray , product placement , the French , and sports movies .
A fairly funny vehicle that runs out of gas well before the checkered flag .
They seem content to let the actors improvise around the biopic structure , which gives us some very funny moments , but leaves the movie a little flat .
The first third is the movie at its best -- it has the looseness of improvisation . The second half is a struggle , but McKay recovers nicely toward the end , where so many stereotypes are eventually run down by the script .
An astute cultural satire masquerading as an infectiously stupid-silly lark - or , perhaps , it 's the other way around .
As ballads tend to be , this one was at times , slow and annoying , but it is worth the watch .
Whilst many times it goes for the obvious and is often inconsistent , moments of inspired genius often yield hilarity
While the movie does veer somewhat close to sentimentality a few times , it always manages to steer away from it at the last moment .
Most comedies these days try too hard to be funny . Talladega Nights simply tries to be funny without being obvious .
-LSB- S -RSB- mart ... sweet ... subversive : this is one big ***** - slap to American culture ... That was the real shock to my expectations . Big Hollywood movies simply do not do this .
Ferrell turns the sophistication way down to a sub-Adam Sandler level to make a dumb is as dumb does satire of the NASCAR circuit . Well , it 's an attempt at satire , anyway .
... it does have a few inspired comedic moments , but to get to those gems , you have to sit through an awful lot of flat , failed comedy set-ups .
Gets good mileage out of its jokes , and has a sturdier frame than previous models
Well , if you liked Anchorman : The Legend of Ron Burgundy , you 'll probably love Talladega Nights : The Ballad of Ricky Bobby . I did not like Anchorman .
What this film does well -- and/or perversely , which means about the same thing in this context -- is to target everyone .
There 's the lovable , semi-literate stupidity of Will Ferrell 's ` Anchorman ' ... and then there 's just plain stupid .
The whole of the movie is rough edged cruel . Main characters , including Ricky , are ignoble back stabbers .
On the whole , this is funnier than most of the other summer comedies ; it 's only a letdown in comparison to Anchorman .
... even if Talladega Nights occasionally undercuts its satiric comments by genuinely celebrating the race sequences , this cultural phenomenon receives a scathingly funny treatment .
Do n't even get me started on the Highlander quips .
Product Prostitution . Disgraceful with an Applebee 's commercial smack in the middle . Ferrell has product names written on his forehead . And , it 's a bore .
The existence of movies like Talladega Nights is , I believe , the reason that intelligent life from other planets seem to prefer not visiting here .
At once a sly dig at celebrity movie biographies and American slobbery .
Just like NASCAR ... dumb as a post ...
The movie 's second half gives Ferrell what he scarcely had at the beginning : funny performers playing off him .
Silly , squealing spoof of dopey daredevils who clearly have a few lug nuts loose .
Will Ferrell 's subversive middle finger at NASCAR is tall and occasionally hilarious , but only intermittently smarter than what that gesture implies .
One of the stupidest and one of the funniest movies in Will Ferrell 's career .
A Will Ferrell vehicle customized with some potentially provocative red states satire and a message that so-called cutting and running may be smarter than winning at any cost .
Ferrell drives his semi-improvised routines into the ground , while Cohen 's turn as a flaming gay driver from France is a total wreck .
Gets great mileage out of its star and premise .
The first movie this summer -LRB- heck , this year -RRB- to call itself a comedy and remember to deliver enormous laughs .
Will Ferrell running around practically naked is good for a laugh once per film , and Talladega delivers on that score -- he 's semi-naked and he thinks he 's on fire .
It 's the cinematic equivalent of a muscle car reconstructed exclusively from salvage parts that not only runs but wins street races .
Ferrell commits to each and every one of his characters , no matter how silly they may be , and the result is pure comedy gold .
Talladega Nights : The Ballad of Ricky Bobby finds Will Ferrell in top form and in the right big-screen vehicle , delivering one of the funniest movies of the year .
Its trump card , however , comes not just in the star , but in the very funny supporting cast chosen to back him up .
With his fearless comic approach , Will Ferrell manages to make Ricky Bobby one of his funniest film characters .
Imagine attending a NASCAR race with the funniest , wildest person you know . Sure , you might get hot and a little overwhelmed , but you 'd laugh a lot and would never regret the experience .
If you want your wild and crazy Will Ferrell , look for him elsewhere . But if you just want a few laughs from a movie that you know everyone 's going to enjoy , Ricky Bobby 's definitely your man .
No wonder Will Ferrell has people racing out to see his movies .
A celebration of the dysfunction of being an American -- of the possibility of being simultaneously proud and mortified of ourselves .
It 's physically painful to have to sit in a theater for more than 90 minutes and be continually assaulted by such drivel as Ferrell puts on the screen .
Talladega Nights is a tighter , more structured film than Anchorman , which is probably both to its advantage and determent .
Talladega Nights is the summer comedy winner that clocks more laughs per minute than any other !
Ferrell and McKay crafted their screenplay like a collection of one-liners from outer space ; bizarre asides , comments and insults get us to laugh with their suddenness as well as their uniqueness .
As uneven as the film is at times it is still one of the best comedies of the summer ; and in a summer this woeful , that earns a recommendation .
As for Ferrell , the role of Ricky Bobby fits him like a NASCAR racing suit -- and he responds accordingly , deftly mixing equal parts egomaniacal buffoon , oblivious doofus and confused little boy .
More fun than it should be .
When the crazy comes , it 's pretty good crazy .
The perfect tonic to this summer 's bloated , special effects-driven extravaganzas , Talladega Nights : The Ballad of Ricky Bobby crosses the finish line with flying colors .
... there 's simply no getting around the pervading feeling of mediocrity that 's been hard-wired into the proceedings .
Talladega is sort of an Anchorman Lite ... It 's still funny , but not as often .
Ferrell is at his dimbulb best , but still allows enough breathing room for a cast of comedic artists to get at least one major laugh for themselves .
So many gleeful , wantonly absurd moments , more than enough to make it one of the best comedies of the summer .
This Will Ferrell vehicle ... is essentially chucking javelins at good ol' American redneckery .
Rarely is any joked shoved into the audiences ' faces , and the story , as silly as it gets , is adhered to in ways that make ` Anchorman ' resemble a box of spilled Legos .
Will Ferrell is back .
With another deadpan turn under his belt , Ferrell seems that much closer to the biopic he will one day be unable to deny : White House Nights : The Ballad of George W. .
Outfitted with more bloated southern stereotypes than the parking lot at Shoney 's and bursting with red , white and blue , Ricky Bobby is a southern superhero who 's both charismatic and cavalier .
I must begrudgingly admit to being amused by Ferrell and McKay 's brand of hyperactive , improv-based non sequitur humor .
This is the kind of mindless comedy that works best in the summer , where you come in from the heat and just want to sit back and laugh .
By so often falling back on Ferrell 's no-holds-barred foolishness , Talladega Nights seems to be driving in circles .
a funny movie , but does n't quite live up to its potential .
One of those movies that features end-credit outtakes that are much funnier than the film that preceded them , this endearing but messy assortment of gags just does n't merit a full-price ticket .
This is a movie that will do anything for a laugh , but rarely feels desperate for it .
Crashes and burns as it tries to garner laughs out of poorly edited and decidedly threadbare material .
Pray to Tom Cruise and Oprah Winfrey that Ferrell keeps making silly movies like this .
This dumb yet witty comedy should provide another winner for Ferrell and his racing crew .
The film 's consistent ticklishness frequently breaks out into uproarious set pieces .
... great escapist entertainment and one of the year 's best comedies ...
This is n't a movie , it 's an infomercial , and one with an honest-to-god Applebee 's commercial that airs during the movie itself .
A perfectly entertaining collection of jokes .
Ferrell has surrounded himself with outstanding co-stars , including John C. Reilly , Amy Adams , Michael Clarke Duncan , Jane Lynch and Gary Cole . Each of them carries on as if this is the movie they 've waited a lifetime to make ...
Excuse the viewers if they fall asleep at the wheel .
Lots and lots of bargain basement humor , mostly coming at the expense of NASCAR , their fans , the South , and the easiest -LRB- and lamest -RRB- target in the world : The French .
The actors each do their part to rev up the silly fun , whether it 's Reilly 's goofy ` shake and bake ' slogan , Cohen 's absurd French accent or Ferrell 's graceless physicality
Ferrell has the doughy indolence of the dimwits he often plays , but you can see in his eyes that he 's always looking for the joke .
Will Ferrell as a NASCAR driver ? You just do n't get any funnier than that .
Otherwise , save for some sparkling diamonds glinting out from underneath some very dark rough , this thing pretty much stinks , even the film 's target audience sure to walk away from it unimpressed and , of all things , bored .
Essentially a string of gags loosely looped together , a set of absurd situations for the actors to clown their way through , Talladega Nights is an affable entertainment , both a celebration and a satire of lowbrow pleasures .
Talladega Nights may be brash , unbridled , even unhinged , but its cornpone humor is rich in parody , and its craftsmanship is superb .
Though the movie about a moronic NASCAR racer overall is uneven and Ricky Bobby 's saga lacks focus , the stupid-comical banter and the lampooning of this particular brand of car racing proves entertaining .
Gentlemen and ladies , start your engines -- really . Will Ferrell 's NASCAR comedy is worth getting revved up over , though non-Ferrell fans will be unimpressed no matter how many times he strips to his skivvies .
Ferrell and his writing partner Adam McKay -LRB- who also directs , as he did Anchorman -RRB- are utterly without shame in their eagerness to recycle old ideas . This pair could make a blue box jealous .
You know those comedies where all the good parts are in the trailer ? Talladega Nights : The Ballad of Ricky Bobby is n't one of them .
A smoothly , bizarrely entertaining comedy that mixes your traditional underdog farce with Ferrell 's unique sense of ... strangeness .
The hilarious everyman riffs and contagious fun are reason enough to fuel up on such a wonderfully throwaway gag-fest .
Talladega Nights is very funny at times , even if the Ballad part mostly boils down to a series of comedy sketches connected by a recurring character .
The picture gets a bit long near the finish . But comedies live and die on the basis of their laugh quotient , and Talladega Nights gets its share .
Somewhere between a warm buddy 's embrace of earthy turf and a sneering grin at the slob underbelly of America , the comedy has traction . It 's like the crop from a seed that Burt Reynolds lobbed into a spittoon , years ago .
The laughs come and go , but Ferrell makes NASCAR his bitch funny . Funnier . And more fun . And then the fun skids to a stop .
f you 've been waiting for a summer comedy that 's generally worth your popcorn , then filmgoers , start your engines .
The overall results here may be a little less inspired than Anchorman , but there are enough of them to sustain the movie 's modest running time .
-LSB- Director -RSB- McKay has made another wildly uneven , PG-13-that-could-be-R comedy that veers from explosively funny , overlong improvs -LRB- a Southern-fried dinner prayer to ` Dear Baby Jesus ' -RRB- to black holes from which no laugh can escape .
Ferrell reteams with director Adam McKay -LRB- Anchorman -RRB- for another gleefully trashy comedy .
Whoo , mama : Will Ferrell and NASCAR do make a purty pair . They go together like peanut butter and fried bananas in Talladega Nights : The Ballad of Ricky Bobby .
Like a 30-car pileup on the high banks at Daytona , you ca n't take your eyes off this mess , and it is a rambunctious entertainment .
It 's a briskly paced , reliably funny and surprisingly sweet portrait of a colorful subculture , and its improvisational impulses strain against the hood of a sturdily designed storyline .
` What does diablo mean ? ' ` It 's like Spanish for fighting chicken . ' If you cracked so much as a shell of a smile reading that , then run , do n't walk , to see Talladega Nights , where you will get an entire year 's worth of equally irresistible nonsense .
NASCAR comedy finds the sweet spot between cartoonish silliness and racing culture send-up . Some good crashes , too .
Talladega is full of fun moments and funny performances that are more engaging as bits than as a cohesive narrative .
If you can delight in the delight of others , you just may delight in this . Otherwise , prepare to be awfully jealous , because it 's the sort of picture where the actors are having a lot more fun than the audience .
It is missing parts , has screws loose , repeatedly threatens to run out of gas and even crashes-and-burns in a few brutal scenes .
Talladega is the first comedy this year to make me laugh so hard I snorted .
Will Ferrell shines as ego-driven , fast-driving , endorsement-lovin ' Nascar driver/buffoon Ricky Bobby .
Talladega Nights : The Ballad of Ricky Bobby is perfectly stupid chuckleheaded bliss , an achievement of the lowest and highest order . Every week should hold a movie like this .
NASCAR fans will likely love Talladega Nights , which may be a glowing endorsement or a warning sign , depending on the viewer .
Talladega Nights contains some funny high points , as well as some comedy crashes , but still manages to reach the checkered flag without creating too much ill will .
This mildly crude yet oddly tame tale about a NASCAR hotshot who burns rubber to the top of the pole before having a speedway blowout runs on underinflated tires .
Like the sport it spoofs , the movie has its thrilling moments but mostly feels repetitive -- it 's constantly moving but never really goes anywhere .
Like Little Miss Sunshine , Ricky Bobby is impeccably cast and performed , from the starring roles to small parts .
` Mediocre ' is an apt description for any of Will Ferrell 's sloppy , casually funny comedies , especially Talladega Nights : The Ballad of Ricky Bobby .
Talladega Nights spins out early and never recovers .
Talladega Nights : The Ballad of Ricky Bobby is the sort of cheerfully asinine comedy that twists your arm until you submit . So , to Will Ferrell -- clown , freak , bully -- I scream , ` Uncle ! '
Its celebration of infantilism on the speedway runs out of gas long before the last lap .
Whether the engine on Talladega Nights is humming or sputtering , Ferrell stays gamely behind the wheel .
As a cultural artifact , Talladega Nights is both completely phony and , therefore , utterly authentic . Or , to put it differently : this movie is the real thing .
Talladega Nights is an unapologetic goof fest , light as aluminum and seemingly edited with Scotch tape . But it 's smart enough to buy gags in bulk and puts them in the hands of three guys who can improvise until the cars come home .
The laugh quotient lags well behind Ferrell and McKay 's Anchorman : The Legend of Ron Burgundy , but unlike many other purveyors of hip comedy , they 're consistently clever without being contemptuous of their audience .
Talladega Nights does n't do much more than go for the quick guffaw , and frequently the guffaw comes from stereotypical slights along the redneck vein .
Talladega Nights is the rare comedy that manages to be funny and witty .
The film comes together to be a dead-on satire of a movie genre , an expert comedy of character and an almost perfect vehicle for Ferrell , who shines in a half-dozen or more of the most elaborately crafted and howlingly funny routines he 's ever concocted .
Talladega Nights is as good as a summer comedy about NASCAR has any right to be , with fine actors tucked into every nook and cranny .
We 're left ho-humming our way through one obligatory scene after another and wincing through a sting of failed gags until the next bit comes along that tickles our funny bone .
The absurdly funny Talladega Nights : The Ballad of Ricky Bobby is at once a glorious send-up of NASCAR culture and a goofy celebration of the redneck , red state , red-blooded American culture that spawned it .
A whole bunch of great racing footage would 've ratcheted up Nights a notch or two -- see Cars for inspiration -- but even the track scenes are ... well , pedestrian .
While the film spins out from time to time in subplots highlighting the world-class supporting cast , it has enough momentum to finish in the winner 's circle .
Talladega Nights : The Ballad of Ricky Bobby is a bit of a mess , but it is a genial mess , and one that will make you laugh . Which is the whole idea .
At its best , Talladega Nights scales the heights of cinematic Dadaism and affirms that Ferrell and McKay are among the few trying to breathe new life into the atrophied American screen comedy .
When -LSB- Sascha Baron -RSB- Cohen and -LSB- Will -RSB- Ferrell are eyeing each other , you never saw a loopier pair . They compensate for the film 's hit-and-miss shenanigans , which more often miss than hit .
Now and then , the movie allows you to relax into its brand of stupid-smart comedy . The rest of the time your shoulders scrunch up and ask the eternal question : Why is this routine not quite working ?
Talladega Nights : The Ballad of Ricky Bobby puts Will Ferrell back on the comedy fast track with style and a load of belly laughs .
It 's charming and often funny , but it also drags badly and never makes much of its characters .
This one scores laughs right down to its gloriously gaga climactic smooch .
... if you got a kick out of Ferrell 's moronic anchorman character in Anchorman , you 'll get a decent amount of guffaws out of this companion piece as well ...
You wo n't have seen anything this funny in a theater since ... well , maybe since Anchorman .
Farrell , as he did in ELF , brings that absolute conviction to absolute cluelessness and when the script supports him , it 's magic
The movie looks really good , especially the NASCAR racing action , but it never quite fulfills the promise of Anchorman .
There 's no difference between the movie and the end-credit outtakes .
Talladega Nights is so sub-moronic and witless it makes Stroker Ace look like a sublime exercise in sophisticated comedy .
One can see why residents of large metropolitan areas look down their noses at NASCAR .
Simultaneously teasing and loving a subject does n't make for easy comedy , but writer-star Will Ferrell and director/co-writer Adam McKay pull it off with good-ol ' - boy good nature in Talladega Nights : The Ballad of Ricky Bobby .
While not quite as focused and inspired as Anchorman , it still made me laugh as hard and often as any movie in recent memory .
Though uneven in humor , sketchy in structure and silly in its moralism , it 's still fun to watch this sendup of car racing , which brings out the joyous spirit and colorful persona of this particular milieu .
From its pitch-perfect title through just about every detail , this sendup of sports-triumph movies maintains the right parodic pitch , if not always the highest mph on the laugh speedometer .
Rambunctious and synthetic , Talladega Nights boasts its fair share of inspired Ferrell riffs , even if , as a satire of the NASCAR subculture , it mostly runs on fumes .
The cast is great , and when they 're in the midst of one of those manic improvisational furies that made Anchorman so funny , The Ballad of Ricky Bobby is a riot .





@highlight

Though it occasionally stalls , Talladega Nights ' mix of satire , clever gags , and excellent ensemble performances put it squarely in the winner 's circle .