This is one of -LSB- Robetr -RSB- De Niro 's finest performances .
I 'm still not sure what this is all supposed to be about , save for a bunch of scenes that happened to somebody , sometime .
DeNiro is more `` personality '' than actor now .
De Niro has succumbed to the false perception that ` great acting ' is synonymous with screaming and yelling every line like your career depended on it .
Being Flynn is too dark to appeal to the faint of heart and too safe to draw in those looking for an honest portrayal of a troubled father-son relationship .
It 's a shame the studio did n't choose to keep the original title of the book in place , Another Bulls ** t Night in Suck City would have been quite fitting for the film .
Eventually , the movie warps in on itself and becomes its own parody : an overly pretentious movie about an overly pretentious writer , which is not very well written at all .
Absolves Paul Weitz for having made Little Fockers and makes up for most of Robert De Niro 's choices in the past few years .
Paul Weitz 's gritty , sweet but mostly unsentimental film of Flynn 's book puts a flawed , unpleasantly realistic face on homelessness and gives Robert De Niro his best role in a decade .
On the whole , the film feels detached and morose , just like its characters .
De Niro 's Jonathan wraps himself up in the façade of his fictitious artistry . He 's Jake La Motta by way of Blanche DuBois , who can only occasionally depend upon the kindness of strangers .
It 's been ages since De Niro tackled a character as rich and challenging as this , and he tackles it head-on .
De Niro 's blustering does n't help and neither does the sentimental take on his possibly insoluble problems .
It 's simply difficult to throw in with the film 's reality-if not its essential story , then its details : Being Flynn feels indie art-directed instead of observed .
To his credit , De Niro actually gives a committed performance for a change . But that does n't mean what it once did .
... a perfectly watchable adaptation of Flynn 's true-life memoir .
It 's captured a corner of a my imagination , getting me to think like I have n't in ages , and for all my mixed feelings those are traits I 'll happily celebrate now and until the end of time .
Never underestimate the dramatic power of father-son bonding
He might be guilty of showboating , but De Niro 's knockout performance is a declaration that the star of `` Raging Bull '' is n't ready to hang up his gloves .
The revelation , truly , is De Niro . It 's been ages since he 's dived fully and credibly into a dramatic character and lived inside its skin as he used to do routinely .
Weitz digs diligently for emotional truths and makes the most of his excellent cast .
I 'm happy to report that De Niro has n't lost his chops . At least not quite .
It 's a complex emotional soup , taken from a 2004 book by poet Nick Flynn , and one that demands much from all involved .
Heads downward in every sense of the word .
For a movie that deals with suicide , homelessness and cocaine addiction , writer-director Paul Weitz 's latest family drama feels strangely bland .
What keeps you watching is its gritty look at life in a homeless shelter , the sort of unexpectedly compelling , slice-of-life context that made `` The Soloist '' so compelling , and so tough to watch .
What 's so satisfying about Weitz films like this one is how his lost boys and lost adults find themselves in the awkward dance of intimacy .
The story is gripping , compelling . One wonders what De Niro might have done with such a role 30 , 35 years ago .
Dano 's deeply felt performance comes to be Weitz 's greatest asset , finding a genuine sense of hurt with material that could easily register as superficially morose .
Stripped of Boston-accent , ` Flynn ' flops .
It takes a great deal of skill to pull off an effective comedy-drama , with generous amounts of both laughter and tears . Being Flynn is admirable for trying , but it does n't quite succeed .
If you love watching De Niro , Being Flynn is the movie for you .
A little more nuance would benefit the film , which eventually starts to feel belabored , even bleak .
-LSB- F -RSB- or all the effort to balance the lives of father and son , it 's the father 's story that 's more intriguing .
De Niro has one of his best roles as a man wavering between fierce pride and grandiosity .
A handful of acting moments aside , `` Being Flynn '' is a drama without much in the way of rewards .
`` Being Flynn '' is earnest to a fault , and it offers the now-rare sight of De Niro giving an actual performance .
As he falls deeper into drunken , hallucinatory despair , we see in De Niro 's long looks in the mirror and slouching frame how aware he is of his own true colors . This may be his best performance in decades .
Functions decently as About a Family without properly exploring the dad and son individually .
To summon up his most iconic role must represent De Niro 's faith in this film .
A near-miss that does n't quite work either intellectually or emotionally .
when you see the man -LSB- Robert DeNiro -RSB- pull out all stops and give one of his most audacious performances in many years , you have to applaud loudly .
With a chilly color palette and a suitably melancholy score , Being Flynn does a decent job of finding its own poetry in the way that its characters write , and rewrite , and revise their own lives .
-LSB- Dano -RSB- has been proving himself ever since his `` L.I.E. '' debut and he lives in Flynn 's chameleon-like skin - caddish wastrel , head down worker , damaged child , responsible adult .
Reactions to this film will depend on acceptance of the two men 's performances , which are good despite some contrivances in circumstances that surround them .
It 's funny at times and unsettling at others , but not as much of either as it should be .
It 's easy to imagine Being Flynn 's story turning precious in the wrong hands , but Weitz and his cast spin it just right - as a narrative that is both emotionally real , and just writerly enough to suit its leading men .
Writer-director Paul Weitz ca n't make the solipsistic central protagonists interesting , even though his best films -LRB- About a Boy , In Good Company -RRB- deal with surrogate father-son relationships .
Uneven , mature drama is too edgy for younger kids .
A simple , tender father/son drama elevated by De Niro and Dano 's stand out performances
A homeless father and a troubled son are reunited for an uneasy and revealing encounter which changes them both .
I 'd say that De Niro acts Dano off the screen , but that would require Dano to establish some sort of presence first .
With ace performances from Paul Dano and Robert De Niro as they create a supremely complicated father-son relationship , Being Flynn is a low-key drama full of pleasant surprises
Yes , it has a fine performance by De Niro . Yes , it briefly brings us into the middle of a homeless hell .
The real coup de grace for this would-be serious-minded drama is the sledgehammer-subtle direction of Paul Weitz ...
... authentically observed and deeply felt , and a huge step in the right direction for -LSB- Paul Weitz -RSB- as a filmmaker .
The film is so bent on reflecting its abrasive main characters ' psychological states that it 's often insufferable .
Weitz ... began adapting Flynn 's book for the screen eight years ago . It 's too bad that he did n't figure out in the ensuing years that it was not worth his efforts .
There is honest feeling , genuine humanity and real intelligence in this movie , but there is also a sense of caution , of indecisiveness , that undermines its potential power .
A welcome reminder of what an electrifying actor Robert De Niro can be when given a smart script and a densely complex character to portray .
The movie 's emotional content was manifest as an absence . What stayed with me most memorably was the father 's insufferable bombast and the son 's sad passivity .
For all its good intentions and talented performers and filmmakers , `` Being Flynn '' leaves you feeling as if everyone is trying a little too hard . Sometimes , less really is more .
This bleak look at the hardship imposed by a monstrous parent and his downfall wo n't be worth a detour for most audiences .
De Niro 's fullest role and strongest performance in years as a proud , self-deluded writer on a relentless downward spiral . A reminder that De Niro is still the best .
De Niro returns to genius form in ` Being Flynn . '
A tale of failed fatherhood intertwined with issues of addiction and homelessness .
De Niro is fully committed , and few things are more watchable than when he gets cranky . Dano , though , is miscast .
There 's no doubt that Being Flynn is an attempt at something painful and genuine - the movie itself yearns to make a connection , even if it ca n't quite locate the most effective channels .
The film 's tricky style , which plays with time , voice , and expectations , goes a long way toward spinning intrigue out of a story that could have been cloying and flatly manipulative in other hands .
-LSB- De Niro -RSB- never finds any poetry in Flynn 's bellicose soul . He just makes you wish that the guy would shut up .
Ultimately , being either Flynn does n't seem terribly appealing .
Being Flynn is the kind of Dante nightmare actors find fun to play , but it 's hell for an audience to watch .
A movie about miserable people making each other miserable ... neither character gives us much reason to care who they are - or ever will be .
Pretty cut-rate .
What the actors are unable to get across emotionally -LRB- which is a lot-Dano and De Niro , both of them all big actorly tics , often seem like they were filmed in different rooms -RRB- , Weitz hammers home via near-constant music .
Smart filmmaking and engaging characters , but be prepared to wallow in someone else 's sorrows for the majority of the film .
If Robert De Niro knew what was good for him , he 'd certainly distance himself from this director and find a new path .
Dano and De Niro are phenomenal together . This is certainly a career best for each of these fine actors , which is especially impressive considering De Niro 's resume .
There is absolute brilliance at work here both in the way Weitz tells Nick Flynn 's story and how he gets such fantastic performances out of De Niro and Dano .
Robert De Niro and writer-director Paul Weitz find the most congenial material either of them has had in quite some time in Being Flynn , a fractious father-son drama with a soul-warming gentle core .

@highlight

Robert De Niro gives a sincere , gripping performance , but Being Flynn is an uneasy mix of drama and comedy that fails to emotionally resonate as a whole .