A period piece that drips mediocrity from the minute it begins .
Left with only a small pocket of timeline to embroider , the prequel manages to develop a breezy , bloody , operatic experience . Even better , it wipes away the toxic awfulness of Evolution . It 's now safe to return to the Underworld .
Lacks the Gothic coolness that made the original such an underground hit .
... ca n't help but come off as an obvious high point within this progressively low-rent series ...
Enquanto seus realizadores contam o dinheiro que ganharam com o projeto , farei o mesmo que fiz com relação aos dois primeiros capítulos : publicarei este texto e esquecerei imediatamente do filme que o tornou necessário .
-LRB- Has -RRB- a fidelity to the style of the originals without the tangled , overstuffed narrative .
Borrows from ` Romeo and Juliet , ' ` The Passion of the Christ ' -LRB- there are two , count 'em , two gory scourging scenes -RRB- and , especially , ` Spartacus ' ...
Feels like a superfluous placeholder until Kate Beckinsale and Len Wiseman are available and ready to make a true third installment in the series .
At least we 're spared a lot of the `` legacy this '' and `` prophecy that '' stuff that slows down both of the previous Underworld adventures .
The creators seem to have abandoned all hope of manufacturing anything that 's even coherent , let alone imaginative .
Awkward camera angles , editing and pacing of some fight sequences gives a direct-to-video at times . If you 're a fan of the last two Underworld movies and are willing to suspend your disbelief and to check your brain at the door for 93 minutes , you 'll at l
Parental Content Review
Nothing special , but it convincingly transports viewers into its Medieval realm of vampires vs. werewolves .
It may be a definite upswing in quality for the series , but if you thought the previous two films were overblown goth-horror nonsense , Rise Of The Lycans really is n't going to change your mind ...
Uninspired prequel-slash-threequel that seems to have contractual obligation written all over it .
Basically it 's Frost/Nixon to Dross/Vixen . And there 's plenty to be ashamed of .
Directed by former special effects artist Patrick Tatopoulos , it is shoddily paced and appears to have been lit with a candle , presumably to hide its obvious budget shortfalls .
The numerous action sequences , while imaginative , lack a visual cohesion that allows them to be fully appreciated .
Compared to its sister films , the storytelling is stellar , remarkable not because there 's a whole lot going on -- in fact , you 'll likely leave the theater thinking , `` That 's it ? '' -- but because what little does happen makes sense .
And this time there are n't even any leather pants .
The movie is n't without its entertainment value -- of the sillier kind , which in the cases of Michael Sheen and Bill Nighy may be intentional .
The prequel is what 's left when the shallow pleasures of the first two films have been boiled away , leaving only their worst elements behind .
I have to say that I did enjoy seeing Tony Blair/David Frost/Michael Sheen strutting around in an action film . The incongruity was most enjoyable .
Underworld : Rise of the Lycans is so dark at all times and so generally dull to boot that the biggest fight of all is the viewer 's struggle to stay awake .
It is not necessary to have seen the first two Underworld films to fully enjoy the third . It might be helpful , however , to first see a bartender .
The storyline essentially replicates that of Underworld and Underworld : Evolution , meaning that if you 've seen one or both of them , there 's no compelling reason to spend your hard earned dollars on the third .
Even with Doomsday 's Rhona Mitra as a replacement sultry presence , it 's likely to disappoint the franchise 's core audience of young males .
Underworld : Rise of the Lycans is as unnecessary as it is uninvolving . Only fans desperate to learn how the whole vampire-werewolf conflict began are likely to get anything out of this viewing experience .
Underworld : Rise of the Lycans is surprisingly campy fun , mostly succeeding through the power of its lead performances .
The picture is really missing that vampiric bite that it should have .
Silly , convoluted supernatural prequel is partially redeemed by its Goth style and reputable lead actors .
Unlike Mr. Nighy , who puts an amusing camp spin on his every line and gesture , Mr. Sheen appears to have taken his monster duties seriously .
The third film in Screen Gems ' grimly competent , vampires-versus-wolves franchise .
Round 3 in the vampire-werewolf battle to the undeath rises to the occasion .
Sheen and Nighy do their best with the material , but this is easily the worst Underworld so far .
Director Patrick Tatopoulos was responsible for the creature effects in the two earlier installments , but he 's not great at staging fights or directing actors .
Lycans , helmed by longtime creature-designer and first-time director Patrick Tatopoulos , just repeats the tale again at feature length .
swords clang , three-pronged arrows whoosh , and blood spurts with the same insouciant ennui that pervades the film as a whole .
What a strange irony that the latest and best of the three Underworld films is the only one lacking the series ' biggest asset .
... bookends the original with its sequel -LRB- Evolution -RRB- so well that the three films presented together are actually better than each of the trilogy 's three individual parts .
Never did a movie have a more descriptive title .
Interview : While Alfred Hitchcock and more recently M. Night Shyamalan have teetered between whether or not to write roles for themselves into their own scripts , there 's no tottering for Underworld character writer Kevin Grevioux .
Hiistorical events referenced in the first two installments of the Underworld franchise are brought to life in this passionless , idea-deprived prequel .
Bad even for a movie about vampires and werewolves , this `` Underworld '' prequel should , at the very least , be the final nail in this franchise 's -LRB- ahem -RRB- coffin .
Full of superficial drama but empty of emotional substance , Rise of the Lycans explains how everything happened in the first two films but fails to address why , which is why both longtime fans and newcomers will still feel they 've been left in the dark .
I would n't say that Rise of the Lycans redeems the Underworld franchise , but at least it shows that a solid movie can be made from this material .
The performances are forceful enough to keep things interesting even when no one is sprouting fangs or drinking blood .
For all you guys who were dragged kicking and screaming to Twilight last year , here 's your chance to show your woman what a real vampire movie is all about .
The film tends to forget that these are supernatural creatures -LRB- it 's not scary at all -RRB- , and it quickly turns into a pretty standard-issue `` revolt of the slaves '' action picture -LRB- with very poor action scenes -RRB- .
... a prequel that discards Beckinsale 's character altogether -LRB- all the better to keep the budget down -RRB- while providing an origin story chock-full of the kind of ponderously uninteresting backstory that practically no one was clamoring for .
Tatopoulos has trimmed the fat for a more-satisfying bloodsucker brawl than we have any right to hope for in a January release .
The characters include Fearful Lycan and another called Big Lycan but , unfortunately , none named Compelling Lycan or Lycan Who Breaks Up the Monotonous Fight Scenes With a Couple Good Wisecracks .
If you 've had enough Oscar-nominated oatmeal , and you 're in the mood for a big bowl of sugary cereal with no nutritional content , Underworld : Rise of the Lycans is ready for you to sink your fake fangs into it .
Every bit as inane and tedious as its predecessors .
Superfluous yet modestly entertaining thanks to Nighy and the franchise 's blend of camp and visually diverting mayhem .
Michael Sheen certainly makes the most out of his role as Lucian . He 's the center of attention and relishes in it . Fans of the monster-film genre will not be disappointed .
A casting disaster . Michael Sheen played Tony Blair and David Frost . Now he 's killed a franchise .
Looking like a low-rent , fraction-of-the-cost cousin to the previous two efforts , the franchise 's latest -LRB- and hopefully last -RRB- entry is muddy-looking , undistinguished , and frustratingly minimal in scope .
derivative and silly , and still inescapably inessential . But on a cold day in late January , it 's a lot of fun
Director Patrick Tatopoulos is in over his head with a movie that should , but probably wo n't , put a final nail in Underworld 's monochromatic coffin .
I 'd provide more detail of plot and dialogue , but the visual palette was way too dark for me to take legible notes ; and frankly , though I saw it at a midnight screening hours ago , the movie just was n't that memorable .
The first two in the series were visually pleasing action films but this prequel suffers from bad special effects and awkwardness .
The film would all be a complete bore if it were n't for the odd sparks of wit , and the sparks set off by Sheen and B-picture queen Mitra .
A needless threequel . Note to director : avoid ` rise of the ' titles .
The digital video images are blurry , the fight scenes messy , the editing jerky , and the derivative plot absurdly overwrought .
The film wrings the last drops from the franchise , with that Romeo and Juliet - or that should that be Romero and Juliet ? - plot twist making for a flick likely to delight horror fans .
It 's very two-dimensional , even for a fantasy flick .
Once again , more like Underwhelmed .
o mehri tora production designer tis seiras , me to Rise of the Lycans soy dinei kai mia anapterosi stis elpides soy oti to Underworld tha mporoyse na ginei aksiologotato franchise , an kapoioi to epairnan liiiigo sta sobara
While the movie is n't the worst thing in the world , it 's just as forgettable , if not more than , the first two UNDERWORLD films .
Loyal fans will find that there 's still bite left in this franchise .
Those Goth-savvy filmgoers who enjoyed the first two Underworld epics will have no complaints here . Everything they love is delivered in spades ...
It 's clear a great deal of effort was put into creating a completely immersive world ... a fantastic , bloody good time !
It 's Romeo and Juliet retold in medieval rock n ' roll style



@highlight

Despite the best efforts of its competent cast , Underworld : Rise of the Lycans is an indistinguishable and unnecessary prequel .