Darfur Now will have to act as a moral entertainment , a conscientious objection we buy tickets to see .
A powerful testimony to the changes that may come when people make an effort to let their voices be heard .
Thoughtful , sobering , hopeful , despairing , inspirational , depressing , and just in time for the holidays comes Darfur Now , a documentary about genocide in the Sudan .
Darfur Now has drawn criticism for its artless construction , and while it 's true , he knows to step aside and let the passion of his subjects shine through .
Informative and effortlessly gripping .
Slick , impassioned , and guardedly upbeat .
The title says Darfur Now -- not Darfur Then , not Darfur Sometime . But the question it asks emphatically is , Darfur Now What ?
Braun is , in a sense , preaching to the choir ...
This is a feel-good film for activists , which barely scratches the surface .
A disquieting , and somewhat disjointed , call to arms .
The depressing subtext is that even with detailed proof of ongoing genocide , it takes movie stars to get to the movers and shakers , and to get worthy movies like this one into theaters .
Admirable work .
A rallying call to aid Darfur and an uplifting case study in the power of individuals to effect change .
Darfur Now does one thing other documentaries on the region in western Sudan have n't done so far : It offers hope that something substantive may be done about the Darfur genocide .
If its explanation of Sudan 's politics and history is rudimentary , Darfur Now maintains an effectively intense focus on the necessary work to save actual people in Darfur .
Though well-intentioned , Braun 's documentary never captures the emotional heart of this enormous tragedy and fails to ignite the passion he so obviously wants us to feel .
All the stories are fascinating .
By showing the struggles and efforts of about half a dozen people , it puts a human face on the tragedy .
In movie making , as in life , it 's not enough to mean well . The real challenge is in being meaningful .
Both important and engrossing , devastating yet inspiring .
By concentrating on good people dedicated to relieving the crisis , it 's almost upbeat .
At 99 minutes , the documentary presents a quick but thorough lesson .
In the end , Darfur Now is a movie whose hopeful message is undermined by its seemingly hopeless reality .
This passionate documentary about the African genocide persuasively argues the immediacy of the situation .
It 's a brutal mess , and Braun does n't sugarcoat things .
A documentary exploring the roots and reason of African political corruptness and its history of a tribal violence that shows no signs of abating might have done more to raise real outrage .
Nelson Mandela may not have defeated South African apartheid , but his story mobilized worldwide protest , which explains the focus on individuals in this effective advocacy film about the genocide in Darfur .
An inspiring documentary about six very different courageous and creative activists who are doing what they can to help the suffering people of Darfur .
If it accomplishes nothing else , Darfur Now locates Sudan on the map -- More than that , the film provides faces for the people of Darfur .
Darfur Now is effective pamphleteering , but only an occasionally compelling documentary film .
This is the kind of film that does n't end after the credits roll , and it 's a gold-star example for what a documentary should do : inspire .
Provides context and an invaluable human face to a story that too many Westerners perceive as distant or irrelevant , if they perceive it at all . See Darfur Now , and you wo n't read the daily news the same way again .
The documentary Darfur Now proves that -- no matter how important the subject matter -- following various people around with a camera does n't necessarily make a film .
` Inspiring ' is a word often used to describe human-rights-oriented documentaries , but Theodore Braun 's film about efforts to ease the ongoing genocide in Sudan 's Darfur region really earns that epithet .
Darfur Now is a worthy if inconsistent attempt at collaring a concerned audience and saying , You , too , can make a difference .
The best material is the result of the rare opportunity to shoot inside those refugee camps : hearing firsthand testimony from victims about the catastrophic horrors inflicted on their villages is forceful and persuasive .
Much of the film plays like a static lecture , and a repetitive one as well .
If you evaluate Darfur Now against the goals it sets for itself -- as a stirring call to action -- it must be considered lacking .
-LSB- A -RSB- s frustratingly overwhelming as the whole thing may seem , what Braun shows us here is that , yes , ordinary people can do extraordinary things ...
Hopefully , well-crafted and moving films such as Darfur Now will inspire more people to take that small but significant first step toward ending these atrocities .
Almost conclusively portrays the Darfur problem as no longer a problem . But even if so , Darfur Now is not really a film about the Darfur problem , anyway .
A quiet , methodical call to action .
A call to arms of sorts , raising awareness of the land , the people , and the possibility for change , this documentary is not intended to depress , but to ignite passion for all causes great and small .
In a way that news reports so often fail to do , Darfur Now puts a deeply human face on a global crisis .
For all the good intentions on show here , Darfur Now is not much of a film .
-LSB- Its -RSB- approach is effective at mobilizing audiences to support charitable causes , but it does n't always translate into compelling viewing . -LRB- Feel free to stop reading this now and check out savedarfur.org , darfurgenocide.org , or helpdarfurnow.org -RRB- .
Will more than support the feelings of those already involved and make others think twice before walking past volunteers asking for a minute of their time .
An extremely moving and informative documentary .
There are wounding tales of rape and murder , of parents watching their children massacred , in this clear-eyed documentary account of the genocide in Darfur .
Despite honorable intent , docu is too ambitious for its own good , too burdened with celebs , and not insightful enough about its signficant issues .
Frankly , there 's a way to get a message across and this sort of talking heads doc by numbers is n't it .
Its 99 minutes could have easily been about 65 if you removed all of the celebrity do-gooder filler .
The argument can be made that the subject 's urgency excuses the need for artfulness ; the opposite , of course , is true .
While its activist subjects are indeed laudable , the film squanders much of its running time on ephemera .
Braun and his team manage to make this knotty situation lucid and palatable . Darfur Now could conceivably make a difference in enlisting people to the cause .





@highlight

Although Darfur Now is not always engaging as cinema , the film succeeds in bringing attention to the crisis in Darfur .