... 12:08 East Of Bucharest does n't pretend to have a position on the fallout of the Romanian Revolution . Instead it contends that different questions need to be asked and considered about post-Communist life ...
Dry comedies from eastern Europe tend to cast a skeptical eye on anything and everything , which is certainly the case with Corneliu Porumboiu 's debut feature .
12:08 East of Bucharest is easier to admire than enjoy , funnier to describe than actually watch .
The movie provokes low-key laughs -LRB- yes , it 's a comedy -RRB- , but with a sad overtone .
Dryly funny throughout its first half , the film truly comes to life in its final 45 minutes .
While 12:08 East of Bucharest could take more than one viewing to truly appreciate , it 's worth the commitment .
Porumboiu 's satire about history and short memories is a modest , deadpan masterpiece .
You will laugh till the streetlights blink on again in the damp Romanian twilight .
Porumboiu 's minimalist approach concentrates the movie 's focus on its mournful characters , so disillusioned with their post-Communist life they question the history that led to it .
The self-indulgent 12:08 East of Bucharest certainly takes its time getting to the point . In fact , the first third of this film could have been trimmed without much damage . And this Romanian comedy-drama is only an hour and a half in length .
12:08 East of Bucharest cleverly takes on the aftermath of the December 1989 revolution in Romania that resulted in the overthrow of Nicolae Ceaucescu . It 's a movie that seems simple , yet its subtle and brilliant complexity is not to be denied .
The film leaves off on a perfect note of hopeful melancholy .
Human , savvy , funny , well observed ; kudos to director Porumboiu for making something from nothing
Extremely clever filmmaking -- sharp and very funny , but also challenging and packed with relevance .
The only problem with the new Romanian cinema seems to be titles few can easily remember - but some eccentricity is permissible when the films are so good .
A melancholy rumination on the failed hopes of Eastern Europe after the Cold War , infused with a sense of farce and the irrecoverable nature of the past .
A terrifically droll and slyly incisive comedy .
The central European tradition of failed aspirations , lost ideals and forlorn eccentrics goes back to early Forman , or indeed Chekhov , but the Latin Romanians bring their own awareness of the distant big city alternately beckoning and frightening .
It won the best first film award at Cannes ; somehow , it does n't seem quite substantial enough to justify that accolade .
Beautifully observed and very funny , this film is a real treat .
A funny , gentle film that understands the wearying nature of political upheaval .
A deadpan delight that offers further proof of Romania 's cinematic ascendance .
Black comedy with a subtle political edge .
Live television going down in flames is always good for a laugh .
Small-town values are rocked by the tide of history in Porumboiu 's grimly funny and determinedly slight retrospective on the 1989 Romanian revolution .
-LSB- It -RSB- builds a sly and unexpected human comedy out of a dispute over whether a revolution would still be a revolution if nobody showed up .
First-time director Corneliu Porumboiu 's political satire is uproariously funny and bitingly critical of social hypocrisy before and after Ceausescu , and of the new forms of mythmaking and corruption that have replaced Soviet-style autocracy .
... intelligent , funny and has a palpable joie de vie .
It 's a dark little ride , but at the end the lights hesitantly flicker back on .
... this delightfully deadpan look at the need to believe in our own heroic tendencies is part gentle slapstick , part social satire and wholly humane .
It 's easy to end a film with the idea that life goes on . It 's extremely difficult to make the cliche the only possible , necessary and satisfying ending . Porumboiu 's film does that .
Corneliu Porumboiu 's picture would submerge you in alcoholic despair if it were n't so damn funny . -LRB- That seems to be the Romanian mode of expression . -RRB-
12:08 East of Bucharest is a shrewdly built comedy , but the characters are broad-verging-on-cheap unholy hick fools .
Corneliu Porumboiu 's drolly witty black comedy 12:08 East of Bucharest is an understated gem , infused with gimlet-eyed humor , weary pathos and surprising tenderness .
A bleakly hilarious movie .
Romanian filmmaker Corneliu Porumboiu grapples with his country 's troubled recent past in this wonderfully droll , Cannes Camera d'Or winner about a local TV station owner who attempts to define the events of December 22 , 1989 .
Though it is modest , almost anecdotal , in scale , 12:08 East of Bucharest is also characterized by a precise and sneaky formal wit .
The most hilarious movie I 've seen this year .
A casually bleak and neatly structured ensemble comedy -- at once deadpan and bemused .
Deserves praise well beyond its budget .
Filmed in real time , the unraveling call-in program is a comedy of embarrassment -LRB- The Office , without the asides to the camera , but just as dry -RRB- .
Maybe the revolution should have been televised .
A deadpan comedy that evolves into a wry , politicized examination of truth .
The introductory half hour feels overly protracted , but the comedy works perfectly , mainly because of the excellent direction of the actors -LRB- who all have a faultless comic timing -RRB- and the witty script .
The buoyant little comedy 12:08 East of Bucharest puts its finger on the problem in the best tradition of East European humor , savvy but concrete , gentle but sharp as a knife .



@highlight

With a witty script full of satirical overtones and dry humor , 12:08 East of Bucharest is a thoroughly enjoyable Romanian comedy .