There are great moments throughout , but I could n't help feeling this was largely a wild fantasy on the part of Stiller , who is not a talented straight actor , and who has effortfully stretched the original story beyond all recognition .
Although Stiller has acted in far-out films like Zoolander before , this one gives viewers another side to this actor - one who can handle such ambitious films with ease .
There 's a nice , chill , un-cynical sweetness to Mitty , that , after a bunch of heavy prestige pics , was welcome .
The Secret Life of Walter Mitty can sometimes feel like listening to a high-school slam poet read from his latest diary entry : it 's all-too earnest and over-the-top heartfelt . You ca n't help but smile and look away .
This is surprisingly nowhere near the Hollywood nightmare you might be thinking -LRB- or fearing -RRB- .
The Secret Life of Walter Mitty is a good-hearted delight .
The most universally satisfying Hollywood films are usually predicated on a dialectical relationship ... But Walter Mitty is too clumsy and afraid to offend to properly take that journey , not unlike its titular character .
With such high aims , it 's too bad that ` The Secret Life of Walter Mitty ' falls somewhat short of greatness . But it 's not often that you come across a `` big '' movie as earnest and patently un-cynical as this one .
-LSB- Stiller 's -RSB- creative fingerprints are few and far between here , the pic 's spoon-fed schmaltziness betraying -LSB- his -RSB- typical satiric edge .
Somehow , out of a no-win situation , Stiller manages to make a likable movie that entertains while also providing a little get-out-of-the-basement inspiration .
While the original Mitty was a heartbreakingly sad figure , this Mitty is a weak parable for living life to the fullest -LRB- or something like that . -RRB-
The Secret Life of Walter Mitty provides fun and laughs , but also meaningful thoughts on life and how we choose to live it , along with a touching lead performance you 'll want to root for .
Steve Conrad 's script is a jumbled farce , misfiring on comedic executions and inserting beats that have no real relevance to the story .
The Secret Life of Walter Mitty is one charming film to see , and there 's nothing wrong with a feel-good movie that makes you feel good about liking it .
Ignore the liberties the film takes with the original -LRB- something the 1947 Danny Kaye movie also did , much to Thurber 's annoyance -RRB- , and this version proves to be a briskly entertaining , glossily photographed , globe-trotting romp ,
A good-natured bit of escapist fluff that relies a bit too much on whiz-bang special effects .
Mitty doodles and dawdles through the world , swept away by momentary bursts of special-effects fantasy while his life is changed by the presence of a cake made by his mother .
Big budget films that are actually about something are so rare this one 's worth checking out just for novelty value alone .
A charmer with a good heart and a healthy dose of unrealism .
It still has a good amount of heart to it , particularly from the delightful Wiig who somehow manages to create an interesting and empathetic character out of thin material .
Of course Stiller takes many liberties with Thurber 's old chestnut , but there is a sense that its theme of yearning really means something to him .
... a superior comedy/drama that 's often much more profound than its marketing materials may have indicated .
This is one of the more disappointing efforts of the holiday movie season .
Inspiring seize-the-day tale with some peril and flirting .
The Secret Life of Walter Mitty is a disappointment , an often confusing and silly contrivance of an unbecoming-of-age comedy based on Thurber 's literary work -LRB- adapted into a 1947 vehicle for star Danny Kaye . -RRB-
Walter Mitty has a big heart , and I like it for that . But this is definitely a case where a little simpler would have been a lot better overall .
The remake is straightforward , with fewer secrets , more sentiment and it is n't as funny
The cinematography is exceptional - if only the acting and script were on that level .
` The Secret Life of Walter Mitty ' is not the old James Thurber short story brought to the big screen . It 's important to make that clear .
The Secret Life of Walter Mitty is a Mood Indigo for the masses , a sort of cinematic gateway drug that plays around with art film concepts for audiences who do n't necessarily want to watch an art film .
Iceland deserves an apology : The utter phoniness here is disrespectful to the natural splendor of that island nation 's locations , which provide the film with its only moments of distinction .
Too often its easygoing charm is scuttled by strained efforts to be life-affirming and profound .
By imposing carpe diem purpose on The Secret Life of Walter Mitty - although no deeper than a Nike ad - Stiller turns Thurber 's everyman into every man for himself . If you have a dream , get your own movie .
`` MItty '' a Magical Tribute to the Possible
For Ben Stiller it 's a case of one step forward , two steps back , with the funny man 's ambitious move into Oscar territory never quite reaching its full potential , even though moments of brilliance do pop up now and again .
If Stiller can squeeze a smile out of that situation , he 's a magician . He does , and therefore he is .
I seriously love this movie .
Stiller has aimed high , and even if he has n't made it to the top , the view is still pretty good from where he ended up .
This flight of fancy does n't quite offer the feel good lift it seems to be aiming for , perhaps because its structure dictates that Walter spends too much time alone , but that 's not to criticise Stiller 's film too harshly .
One of those swoony American dramas that explores life in all its wondrousness , this film will quickly annoy more cynical viewers .
Rarely rises above greeting card-level would-be inspirational banality .
Stiller 's attempt to braid together introspection and humor kept me engaged and curious , even when I was n't quite sure what he was setting out to do .
The Secret Life of Walter Mitty probably succeeds on its own terms . Given the elusive nature of those terms , it is , however , hard to tell for certain .
It fast-forwards past a ton of struggle and conflict to get its character to a heroic place , and after the CGI-heavy daydream scenes , the real-life scenes just lose their luster .
It feels like a missed opportunity to explore deeper metaphysical or philosophical avenues ... but we still may see something of ourselves in Stiller 's Mitty .
Splashy , effects-laden remake of the 1947 Danny Kaye romantic comedy classic ... gives director/star Ben Stiller plenty to do . Results should square solidly with easy-to-please audiences , especially the Stiller fans among them .
The Secret Life of Walter Mitty feels like two films in one , each jostling for position , each disliking the other . They would far rather cut loose and strike out on their own .
This Ben Stiller-directed and Stiller and Kristen Wiig star vehicle is not close to James Thurber 's charming , classic short story but has a charm of its own .
A movie that may be about life and love and hopes and dreams but feels like it was written by a computer program .
This is Stiller 's pièce de résistance .
It 's hard to hold a grudge ... when the film delivers such a triumphant story filled with just as much hilarity as wonder .
The phrase ` a Walter Mitty character ' looks set to outlast everyone 's memories of a film which seems to rely more on special effects than the script 's ability to find the heart of a 21st century Forest Gump .
The Secret Life Of Walter Mitty offers a momentary distraction from life 's hustle and bustle , but fails to become the kind of life-changing film that will make people jump out of their seats with a whole new personal outlook .
More or less the opposite of the original story 's irony . Stiller 's movie is irony-free , but it 's sweet and affecting nonetheless .
... the adventure side of `` Mitty '' is loads of fun and it will entertain more than just the kids .
It looks as if Stiller had a conversation with Adam Sandler and Mike Myers about how you can inflate your budget using commercial sponsors , thus guaranteeing a huge payday for yourself .
Airless and flat , like it was made by aliens who do n't understand how human emotions work .
the fondest farewell to the wonder of waiting for that perfect shot with that last roll of film , before digital cameras turned images into bits and bytes and flash drives with 5,000 photos for an editor to pore through .
The primary reason for Mitty 's increasingly fantastical globe trotting works - largely due to the colorful characters he meets along the way ...
Honestly , the only meaning I took away from The Secret Life of Walter Mitty is that it makes Simple Jack look like Citizen Kane .
It 's one thing to repurpose a story into something of your own , but to abandon its intent in service of a unrecognizable plot and muddled message leads to the question : Why call it The Secret Life of Walter Mitty at all ?
Suffused with a wistful whimsy , this Millennial Mitty is quietly profound without being pretentious
`` Eat Pray Love ' For Men . '' It 's hard to think of a 2013 movie with as much ambition , that whiffs completely
Stiller 's sensibility creates a movie that 's smarter than you think it will be . Kind of like Walter Mitty himself .
Sometimes you see failed films and think , well , they tried for this or that but could n't pull it off . After seeing Ben Stiller 's version of the venerable James Thurber story , I do n't know what the film was trying for .
It has little narrative interest and requires that the director latch onto a very specific airy tone of whimsy , lest the whole souffle collapse .
Painstakingly stylish , this is Stiller 's most ambitious directorial work to date but also his most cloying .
While stunning sequences show him skateboarding away from an erupting volcano and fighting off a great white shark , the character never becomes more than a fuzzy conceit .
This is Mitty as emotionally bruised hipster who has been knocked around a bit , not as a quietly desperate , distracted man . Thurber 's story is about secret longings ; this movie reveals them all .
Earnestness is often the death of comedy , but this movie has something to say , and it says it with humor , style , and heart .
This is a notably more upbeat attitude than the original short story had and Stiller sells it well .
I hated , hated , hated this movie .
Let us now praise average men .
In striving so earnestly for a redemptive and genuinely heroic happy ending , Stiller 's movie jettisons the original 's lightness .
-LSB- Stiller -RSB- is n't the actor for this role . His comic dysfunctionalism is too frowning , too obsessive-compulsive . -LRB- He would be good as a Patricia Highsmith murderer , batty , innocent , single-minded . -RRB- Walter Mitty needs a Jim Carrey or a Will Ferrell .
It might leave you feeling inspired into submission .
It 's the most elaborate piece of mediocrity in the 2013 film year .
Bless poor Ben Stiller because his heart is in the right place . It 's the execution of The Secret Life of Walter Mitty that is lacking .
Stiller shows us how you can still find something interesting to say in seemingly very ordinary ways .
Surprisingly thoughtful and introspective . Gorgeous cinematography .
Achieves some romantic uplift when Mitty dreams of Cheryl and literally takes flight , but most of the time , the picture strains to make any kind of sense , much less entertain .
Much of the film exudes a `` meh '' reaction rather than one of wonderment or excitement . And that 's not the sort of reaction one wants when an endless supply of imaginative possibilities is within reach . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
There are some bracingly robust images , befitting a story about the man who goes places and the man who looks at the pictures of places .
It 's a slick piece of commercial Hollywood film-making , rife with product placement , whose very meaning is a complete deviation from Thurber 's actual sensibilities .
For people who like their movie desserts on the sweet side , actor-director Stiller has whipped up just the right holiday confection .
The only thing worse than the commercialization of the holidays is trying to tell the difference between commercials and certain holiday movies .
It can be sentimental , but it is not frivolous .
It 's hard to pinpoint the cause of the problem , but Walter 's story never engages .
As other movies this Christmas seem to be about pushing the limits of good taste , Ben Stiller is delivering the one true feel-good movie of the season .
Ben Stiller has created a movie about how cool Ben Stiller is .
The Secret Life of Walter Mitty captures your imagination with Walter 's daydreams , hits home with Walter 's awkward behavior , and is inspiring to anyone who has mostly kept to themselves over the years with Walter 's unbelievable journey .
Ben Stiller 's almost perverse adaptation of James Thurber 's famous short story takes the figure of an idle daydreamer and turns him into a virtual action hero .
In our daydreams , an ambitious , world-embracing movie like `` The Secret Life of Walter Mitty '' deserves to be a bigger hit than yet another `` Night at the Museum '' or `` Madagascar '' sequel . But your mileage may vary .
The brand namedropping is so gratuitous that when the movie appears on television , the commercials will already be in place .
`` The Secret Life of Walter Mitty '' is star/director Ben Stiller 's big swing for the fences , his bid to deliver a whopper that defines him as a filmmaker of the first rank . It 's a swing and a miss .
Our identification gives way to envy , and -LSB- Mitty -RSB- is another one of those enchanted people the rest of us can only dream of becoming .
Stiller 's visualizations of Walter 's daydreams are clever and hilarious , and there 's an amusing running gag involving Walter 's eHarmony account manager -LRB- Patton Oswalt -RRB- .
The Secret Life of Walter Mitty is filled with small , memorable moments that coalesce into a sweet , if predictable , parable about embracing life .
In a story about going into the unknown , Stiller succeeds at delivering a film that , as Walter 's online dating guru put its , is both ` noteworthy and mentionable . '
It 's the Lonely Planet version of personal reinvention , a winning if ultimately weak walk through casual carpe diem and taking risks .
For much of its first half , during which visuals replace vision , Walter Mitty stumbles down a rabbit hole of technological triumph . But then something unexpected happens : It turns into a sweetly engaging blockbuster .
Ben Stiller 's latest directorial effort offers the balmy reassurance of a ` Hang in There , Kitty ' poster .
Let down by a trite script , a distracting amount of shockingly blatant product placement and , ironically considering the source material , a lack of imagination .
With Walter Mitty , Ben Stiller has crafted one of the most touching , visually stimulating , life-affirming big budget movies of the year , and by far the best of his directing career . And few could have imagined that .
A winner ... With its PG rating and whimsical approach , MITTY is a treat for families this holiday season .
The movie feels uncertain as to its own tones and intentions .
Mitty pays tribute to people who cherish the past and , in the face of extinction , are devoted to preserving it .
Like Mitty , Stiller dreams big . The problem is that audiences do n't let him . He 's both famous and forgotten , the best comedy director of his generation hiding in plain sight .
Dreams not only come true in the wonderful `` The Secret Life of Walter Mitty , '' they 're the stuff everyday life is made of .
It has more good stuff than bad .
You 're going to find it all either enormously empowering or deeply calculated : an Arcade Fire-scored TV commercial for instant spirituality .
`` The Secret Life of Walter Mitty '' just does n't work .
The unevenness of The Secret Life of Walter Mitty , and Stiller 's recessive characterization of the title character , keep it from being an all-out crowd-pleaser .
he Secret Life of Walter Mitty is n't an awful film , and its heart is in the right place even as it moves around the globe ; it 's just that Stiller 's version of Walter Mitty 's secret life needs a little more life in it .
Stiller sensed the narrative needed some pumping up visually and so he pulls out a number of filmmaking tricks - some work and some feel like window dressing on a film that needed more humanity and to look less like a Train music video .
Exquisitely produced , immaculately acted , and thoroughly uninvolving , The Secret Life of Walter Mitty is a perfect nothing of a movie .
If you love the Zoolander star and do n't mind that this movie generates the occasional weak smile rather than huge laughs , then this self-indulgent , CGI-heavy Stiller world tour will make you happy indeed .
In adapting Mitty 's tale to the 21st century , actor-director Ben Stiller proves Thurber -- a dyed-in-the-wool cynic -- is still too thorny a sensibility for the popcorn crowd .
An absolute joy of a film and a masterpiece in terms of storytelling , Ben Stiller has become a serious director who seems like he 's capable of doing anything .
Almost like a booth offering free hugs . Especially around the holidays , a warm embrace is hard to resist .
The Secret Life of Walter Mitty creates an escapist world that grows out of and enriches the real world -- and it does so with revitalizing confidence and ease .
It 's once the daydreams stop and Mitty jets off to Greenland in search of Penn 's itinerant shutterbug -LRB- and `` actual '' adventure -RRB- that the film takes an unexpected turn for the dull .
It provides a simple -LRB- maybe simplistic -RRB- wake-up call for those dreamers too apprehensive , too comfy , too set in their ways .
Enough quirky , charming moments , as Walter travels the odd corners of the world , to elevate the film to something enjoyable . It has its own sense of delight .
A freewheeling , feel-good holiday movie .
There is n't much reason for this `` Walter Mitty '' to exist .
There 's something slightly hypocritical about it ... preaching respect for the simple life , even as it 's crammed full of overpriced visuals and larded with painfully obvious product placements .
In a major gear change , Ben Stiller shifts away from the heightened comedic style he is known for through such films as Zoolander , Tropic Thunder and The Cable Guy to deliver a more soulful , thoughtful comedy driven by character rather than caricature .
While `` Walter Mitty '' could have been stronger in its latter portion , I still found it to be a rather enjoyable film . It 's hilarious , heartwarming , gorgeous , and exciting , elements that are all rolled into one extraordinary story .
Does n't resonate with the sheer force and impact it could have , and yet it still does make a truthful , comforting impression at its own pace , on its own terms .
... a puppy-dog movie : it nips at your heels , yips in your ears and never lets up in its desire to please .
Walter Mitty is n't so much trying to tell a story or make us think about anything , it 's trying to give us the feeling of diaphanous well-being we get from credit card commercials that feature smiling people in exotic locations .
A wake-up call for middle-aged white men to stop dreaming and start living , Stiller 's film is weakly life-affirming , the kind of empty-headed cinematic platitude that mistakes irresponsibility for adventure and accomplishment for meaning .
Every so often Stiller 's palpable unease with himself compels him to switch gears , affirming the very cliches he mocks elsewhere .
Director-star Stiller plays Mitty as a zoned-out sad sack surrounded by whimsy . The result is a confused dramedy that is n't funny or compelling enough to make us care .
A self-help message swaddled in some surrealistically quirky trappings ... none of it is terribly funny .
I think he 's made a beautiful job of it . It 's his most visual film by far .
Stiller is a very , very interesting filmmaker . He 's constantly trying to break out of where he is with the films that he makes and the films that he 's in .
The Secret Life of Walter Mitty is a sweet and well-meaning movie whose intent is to inspire and uplift its audience , but it approaches its message with all the subtlety of a sugar rush .
While Stiller has retained the core spirit of the original story , he 's produced a more modernized , feel-good road movie that 's got a bit of a Forrest Gump vibe to it without quite the same heavy-handedness .
Pretty much all the credit belongs to Stiller behind the camera , turning a sappy Hollywood button-pusher into a slick , smart-looking fantasy that does n't mind showing its indie roots .
Cute , sweet and ambitious , but ever so slight .
Some points are blasted at you like an Alpine horn , yet you can barely hear the film 's central `` seize the moment '' message amidst the clamour of uplifting anthems and craven product plugs .
As a director , this feels like Stiller 's moment . Mitty is a film that bravely rejects cynicism . In many ways , it 's the new Forrest Gump . Go with it and it is , in all senses , wonderful .
By trying to combine fantasy and romance with goofy humor , globe-trotting adventure and feel-good inspiration , Stiller has made Mitty a mixed bag of clashing tones and facile redemption .
The film runs out of steam in its second half . It keeps chugging along , but it feels like Stiller and crew are going through the motions .
A cheery , airy fairy tale filled with a very modern ache and buoyed by an infectious joy . I love this movie .
As Mitty explains , the purpose of life is to feel . This film certainly makes us do that .
That the film revolves around a piece of celluloid - and was filmed on film - is a way to get any cinephile on its side , even if only up to a modest point .
While this latest film version makes a noble attempt , I 'll continue to rely on the short story to keep my bond with Walt going strong .
Christmas day is chock full of new releases , and Walter Mitty may find himself daydreaming alone .
Acaba soando mais como um filme de autoajuda , apelando para frases feitas e imagens que não ficariam deslocadas em uma apresentação em PowerPoint sobre as virtudes de `` Acreditar Em Si Mesmo '' .
The outlandish scenes in `` Mitty '' bring the most memorable element of the original tale - reality bending - to the forefront .
He 's not a regular guy dreaming of being exciting - he 's a formerly exciting kid who was forced to become boring . This is a pretty significant , fundamental change .
Sincerely sweet , if somewhat sappy , it 's a zany holiday fantasy that should amuse the whole family .
Two hours of gloopy , insipid , narcissistic wish fulfilment ensues , alongside an uncomfortably extended promotion for dating site eHarmony .
This vanity project certainly is n't worth the price of a cinema ticket .
The movie plays more like a series of pretty pictures than a journey into the character 's head .
The film does lots of small things right but stumbles on the grand ideas that are meant to tie it all together .
Hackneyed as the story gets , Ben Stiller and cinematographer Stuart Dryburgh film it in an extraordinary fashion , with compositions that cross the border into the ` inspirational ' and build a handsome villa there .
A totally fine , but heavily flawed , Stiller-helmed staple .
The passion is there ; it is only poured in the wrong places .
The Secret Life of Walter Mitty wants to be a modern fable , trying to manage the difficult feat of tugging on heartstrings without yanking on them , but the innate silliness of the fantasy elements threatens to cover up how good it is .
This meaningless excuse for special-effects spending is like watching a wheezing arthritic horse dragging a tractor-trailer full of big-budget digital equipment .
When Walter 's fantasies cease , and he bravely ventures into the world , the film quietly soars .
The film is at its best when played as goofy comedy ... The later , country-hopping scenes feel like flicking through an old copy of National Geographic .
The movie itself keeps glancing backward , at the lost and the obsolete .
The Secret Life of Walter Mitty is watchable , likable , beautiful , and easily digestible . I can imagine it becoming a favourite of many undiscerning children and uncynical adults . Sadly , I probably fall into the category of cynical child .
The harshest thing I can say about the film is that it 's boring
It 's a shame the film is n't as inspired as the Sean Penn casting ; it fizzles to a dull thud , with little to engage us except for the snazzy production design with its effective use of word-messages
Surprisingly for such a big-budget spectacle , it is in the details that Walter Mitty really works .
Comes off more like a series of episodes than a balanced narrative .
Uplifting journey through physical and fantastical worlds which also doubles as a cynic 's worst nightmare , beware , this film contains optimism
Rather than consider how someone like Terry Gilliam -LSB- think `` Brazil '' -RSB- might approach Thurber 's socially ripe source material , they have merely imposed a formulaic script that still does n't hit its marks .
As saggy and insipid as the story becomes and as bloated and showy as Stiller 's notion of whimsy is , what is most troubling is the film 's confused message .
But what lifts this studio comedy , Stiller 's fifth feature as director , is its sincere ambivalence about fulfillment in the age of iPhones and image saturation .
It 's too airless , too perfect , a dream of connection with humanity that flees contact with actual people .
Who would have predicted that the rich fantasy world of James Thurber 's day-dreaming Walter Mitty looks a lot like a second-rate Wes Anderson movie ?
The story of a man prone to escape the present moment through fantasies who is transformed when he discovers his courage .
Audiences willing to tune in to its blend of surreal fantasy , droll comedy and poignancy will be rewarded .
Though Stiller has proven he can be much funnier ... the emotional dimension ultimately makes the film feel more substantial .
The look of this Mitty turns panoramic , but it 's generic compared to the 1947 Technicolor version , in which colour and Kaye bounce out from the screen in a then-novel product .
Kind of like if Akira Kurosawa 's Ikiru were remade as an 114-minute Super Bowl commercial .
Ben Stiller 's aesthetics blend overly manicured imagery with soaring rock songs that underline every emotion , lest the film 's corporate logo-driven message-making did n't get the point across clearly enough .
The movie is lost in a Walter Mitty fantasy of its own .
`` The Secret Life Of Walter Mitty '' employs hackneyed and mawkish methods to achieve a false sense of joyfulness .

@highlight

It does n't lack for ambition , but The Secret Life of Walter Mitty fails to back up its grand designs with enough substance to anchor the spectacle .