It 's hard not to admire a man with such admiration for the obscure , but Grizzly Man did it much better .
If the film sometimes gets choppy , the filmmaker 's passion for the subject and the disturbing revelations to be gained from watching the film make it more than worthwhile .
It 's Jaws - starring man as a far scarier predator .
It 's a film you come away from feeling that you should get out there on the streets and start marching for sharks .
Here 's a documentary with teeth and a bite that should leave a nasty scar on the conscience of the illegal fishermen who continue to brutally plunder sharks for their fins % u2013 and those ignorant fools who consume shark fins
With its stunning photography this would be a righteous and magnificent documentary were it not for the on-camera presence of film-maker Rob Stewart , marine biology 's answer to Tom Cruise .
Planet Earth saturation and the bludgeoning political stance pull it down , but it 's still a consistently engaging , partly thrilling look at a misunderstood species .
Stewart 's ` personal journey ' format is n't entirely successful , and verges on the egotistical , but the message of this film , and the imagery and statistics it tells it with , is angry , credible and worthwhile .
Stewart 's point is that the shark fin industry , in its short-sighted quest for financial gain , may trigger an ecological disaster beyond the extinction of the sharks themselves . This is depressing , but important , stuff .
Faintly egotistical biologist-turned-filmmaker Rob Stewart spent four years making this investigative doc and the result , despite his tendency towards over-earnest , stoner-esque commentary , is enlightening , shocking and more than a little worrying .
the ` reality drama ' that unfolds on-screen takes viewers away from the real ecological issue -LRB- much as it took Stewart away from his diving -RRB-
Stewart , a Toronto-based marine biologist and underwater photographer , makes up for in passion what he lacks in narrative subtlety .
Features beautiful underwater photography and a stirring call to action .
Cautionary environmental documentary that asserts there 's more to sharks than `` Jaws . ''
ecological alarm clock once again rings in 2007
An amateurish but enjoyable and informative piece correcting all the misconceptions we might have about sharks .
Sharkwater is fascinating both as political statement and beautifully filmed documentary .
Sharkwater delivers an important message , and its underwater photography is breathtaking . But Stewart lessens the impact by focusing much too much on himself . Did he really have to go into detail about his own health problems ?
Undersea photographer Rob Stewart , who directed , wrote , narrated , stars in , and helped shoot Sharkwater , really , really loves sharks . He also fears for their future on the planet . His lively documentary makes you see why , on both counts .
Dazzling underwater photography . Compromises story/entertainment for message .
This beautiful and horrifying debut feature by the underwater cameraman Rob Stewart of Toronto characterizes the depletion of the world 's shark population as an ecological catastrophe with dire consequences for humanity .
It may seem strange to contemplate the possibility that sharks are more victim than vicious . Yet after Stewart makes his case you may find them and their cause , as he does , all-consuming .
Sharkwater probably ranks as one of the most frightening shark movies ever -- but sharks are the victims .
Undeniably captivating .
This beautiful and urgent eco-doc takes a bite out of the shark mythology made indelible by Jaws .
Stewart is his own star , a would-be Speedo model and whoa-dude narrator whose droning reflections get in the way of his stunning underwater cinematography .
Sharkwater has a message or two or three ; its intentions are nothing if not noble .
While it 's true that documentary filmmaker Rob Stewart comes on with an onslaught of zeal over his legendary subject , sharks , it 's also true that he proves he 's no `` Grizzly Man '' taking up with bears in the wild .
Rob Stewart 's visually stunning documentary makes a powerful statement about the disastrous decline of the world 's shark population and why it should -- and must -- matter to us .
Sharkwater is a rare advocacy film that arouses both awe and wonder .
Thanks to -LSB- t -RSB- his sometimes gruesome , sometimes harrowing and often exuberant film , you will never look at sharks the same way again .
The high point of this entertaining documentary is -LSB- Rob -RSB- Stewart 's stop-at-nothing passion to save the sharks , especially when he hooks up with renegade conservationist Paul Watson to track down poachers off the coast of Costa Rica .
The film does what it 's supposed to , inspire outrage . But still , Jaws will never have the appeal of those baby pandas .
Pretty , if polemical look at Sharks , the illegal harvesting of fins , and one man 's journey into radical activism .
How strange to gaze upon the jaws of the most feared creatures on Earth , and to contemplate how they are no match for the teeth of man .
It is forceful . It is advocacy journalism . It is a documentary with a social conscience and a scientific agenda .
Torontonian Rob Stewart 's underwater polemic on the many enemies of the behemoths at the top of the ocean 's food chain comes on a little strong .
Rob Stewart 's labour of love goes beyond mere obsession with our ` most amazing and mysterious animal . '
In its present form , however , the film 's merits are compromised by structural and conceptual flaws .

@highlight

In addition to its breathtaking underwater photography , Sharkwater has a convincing , impassioned argument of how the plight of sharks affects everyone .