Memoirs of a Geisha hurts the heart and the brain with its crushing monotony , inert , sub-human dialogue and Marshall 's calculated attempt to sell us another Hollywood fairytale of prostitution .
Titanic fraudulence
It 's lush , stylish and a feast for the eyes and ears rather than the heart and soul .
The screenplay was lacking , the characters not engaging , the story dragged on and no real insights on being a geisha . Paul Chambers , CNN .
Trying too hard to grab our attention , -LSB- Marshall -RSB- loses it . The art of the geisha prizes subtlety , stillness , grace . Why does n't this movie ?
Director Rob Marshall has a sophomore flop on his hands .
For all of its inaccuracies and over-the-top mise-en-scène , Memoirs is quite entertaining .
full review in Greek
The overall effect is not so unlike Mameha 's description of geisha themselves : a moving work of art .
As authentic as cheeseburger teriyaki .
... the film 's achievements lie mostly on the surface , rather than underneath it .
A beautiful-looking film with an ugly little fantasy at its heart .
Não é apenas seu falso moralismo que o compromete ; como centro de sua narrativa , o longa traz uma historinha de amor artificial carregada de diálogos cafonas e melodramáticos .
Cinematographer Dione Beebe ... fills the screen with lavish images that constantly amaze the senses .
The subject remained interesting enough to this provincial American to accept and ultimately enjoy the film 's well-worn romanticism , even with its resignedly tired happy ending .
Marshall 's approach is simultaneously accessible and exotic , a breathtaking introduction that exposes without spoiling a world of carefully guarded mystery .
The greatest achievement of author Golden and director Marshall is their delicate capturing of the viciousness of women among women .
Rutinaria adaptación de un best-seller sobre temática exótica , con lujos de fotografía , vestuario , dirección de arte y hasta música que no disimulan un argumento cursi y previsible .
Stunning to look at , Memoirs of a Geisha is worth seeing for the lush visuals alone . The accents and culture clashes may grate , but the insight into this world , where men can be brought to their knees with a single glance , is mesmerising .
Marshall 's film is plucked from the era it represents , the 1930 's , and shoved into our cinema schedules in the hopes of earning its creator another slice of awards success .
Gorgeous to look at but curiously uninvolving and occasionally irritating , this is ultimately something of a disappointment despite strong performances .
Even though the novel is one of my favorites ; the movie did not leave me disappointed . It left me wanting more , but I did n't walk out dissatisfied with what I was given .
Always pleasant to watch even as the plot bites off more than it can chew .
It has to keep reminding us how tragic it is .
Like the dolled-up women , the film is pleasing to the eyes and inscrutable . The mystery , though , is tedious rather than captivating .
Geisha offers a colorful glimpse that is as alien to most Western audiences as the dark side of the moon .
Says to hell with subtlety -- but with a pretty face .
The filmmakers have taken the source material -- Arthur Golden 's best-selling novel -- and turned it into a glossy Hollywood production with the overripe melodrama you 'd expect from a television soap opera , not a supposed epic drama .
I 've little doubt that Swicord and Marshall have produced an accurate account of the geisha lifestyle , but I 'm not sure that it feels like a terribly authentic one .
Marshall weaves together an exotically sumptuous production frayed by a disappointing ending that tries to draw a powdered happy face on tragedy .
Rob Marshall does n't know the difference between a geisha and a glass of water .
Memoirs of a Geisha is grand entertainment , telling its epic story in bold yet graceful terms without ever descending to melodrama or soap opera .
I ca n't say that Memoirs is a good film , and it 's certainly not action-packed -LRB- oh , my , is it ever not action-packed -RRB- , but it 's not without its merits , either .
Only occasionally does the camp classic struggling to free itself from the constricting kimonos and white pancake makeup of ` Geisha ' claw its way to the surface .
Memoirs of a Geisha is everything you 'd expect it to be : beautiful , mesmerizing , tasteful , Japanese . It 's just not very hot .
In any case , if you judge Memoirs of a Geisha as a moving work of art , it 's pretty fabulous .
Ultimately , Memoirs of a Geisha compares unfavorably with the book , though it offers pleasures of its own .
-LSB- I -RSB- n terms of pure beauty , Memoirs of a Geisha is among the most gorgeous films ever created , a magnificent cherry blossom of a movie , evoking the lovely mysteries of geisha life .
... a fascinating glimpse at a lost world of women with skin of porcelain and spines of steel , and the men in their thrall .
-LSB- T -RSB- he film is altogether too much like Sayuri : trying to overwhelm with surface beauty and unspoken emotion , it never hits deeper than the skin .
... the movie is a well-meaning , vaporous bore , enlivened only by occasional traces of Showgirls-style camp and plasticine tears trickling down impeccably powdered cheeks .
Rob Marshall 's movie version has a harder time hiding the ripeness . And it 's a bit like a geisha 's persona -- visually exciting and emotionally remote .
It is a lush , blushingly romantic portrait of Asian culture as seen through a Western lens .
The performances are good , the visuals are lush , the span is epic , but the film simply never soars .
... good-looking but not quite memorable ...
Memoirs of a Geisha , the big-screen adaptation of Arthur Golden 's best-selling novel , has a lesson to teach : Designing a movie is n't the same as directing one .
This is a lavishly detailed memoir in which little turns out to be that memorable .
For all its vagueness , the story is never less than visually exquisite ... and aurally appealing .
Memories are n't made of this .
Unlike the geisha , this adaptation does wear its heart on its sleeve , but a fine cast , including the regal Michelle Yeoh , create a picture of composure .
Sayuri 's geisha training plays out in formulaic montages , like The Karate Kid in kimonos . And the cast is allowed to lapse into theatrics that would shame Lillian Gish .
Memoirs of a Geisha , a dramatic miss , is nonetheless worth seeing for the visual feast it provides .
It 's hard to get in the film more of a sense than merely skimming the surface .
... a sumptuous visual feast that should n't be confused with the real thing , but ... a fascinating introduction to a part of Japanese culture .
... a movie that delights the eye even as it lulls the mind . And the heart .
Trimming 20 to 30 minutes of material not involving the Chairman would have considerably tightened the romantic angle and strengthened the entire film .
-LSB- T -RSB- he movie works off its trio of delicious star performances , its sumptuous production values , its sprawling sets of old Kyoto , its sweeping John Williams score and haunting cello solos by Yo-Yo Ma .
On the surface , everything looks great , but look just below , and it all falls apart .
-LSB- A -RSB- beautiful and lush but thematically flawed and even disturbing portrait of a prisoner who adopts the reality of her captors and of a love stunted by captivity .
For a while , you 're waiting for Memoirs of a Geisha to start . Then you ca n't wait for it to end .
The clothes in Memoirs of a Geisha are pretty , the women are pretty , the snowstorms are pretty , and the trees are pretty -LRB- there 's a bush that is the Catherine Zeta-Jones of shrubbery -RRB- . But the story ? Pretty dull .
Shot for shot , Memoirs of a Geisha is one of the most beautiful movies in years , with due credit to Don Beebe 's widescreen camera work , John Myhre 's meticulous production design and Colleen Atwood 's opulent costumes .
An exotic film that feels abbreviated .
Meticulously produced and detailed , Geisha is a feast for the eyes , but icy to the touch .
I was disappointed this was n't as captivating as the book . I was blown away by the trailer , but the movie does n't live up to that dramatic promise .
If I wanted the story read to me , I would have bought the book on tape .
Excuse me -- the Land of the Rising Sun just lost a social system that had parents selling their female children into indentured servitude , and we 're supposed to feel contrite ?
Plays like a Disney version of a Zhang Yimou movie , though the end result is n't as dreadful as that designation might suggest .
As it stands , the film can best be described as a gorgeous , convoluted mess .
The very qualities that made the book a must-read are lost in the translation to the screen . ` Geisha ' might have been better served as a HBO mini-series .
A very sterile film , one where we spend a great deal of time with the characters without ever getting to know them -- or , really , what the life of a geisha is all about .
Memoirs brandishes old-school razzle dazzle at the expense of subtlety and contemplation , coating his sound stage sets in delicately applied layers of cherry blossoms and snowflakes .
Stripped down to its narrative essentials , it often feels like Desperate Housewives in a kimono .
`` Memoirs of a Geisha '' is a Hollywood-ized version of the far-better novel . Still , it 's an enjoyable , lush interpretation of the best-selling tale of deceit , romance and ambition .
Memoirs of a Geisha may be culturally inaccurate and a bit pulpy , but so were some of the best movie-romances ever .
A bittersweet , cloyingly nostalgic look at traditional Japanese society just before rapid modernization and Americanization transformed it into the international cultural and economic power of today .
Its commercial compromises cripple it as a movie .
Everything is beautiful -- even the squalor of poverty , the suffering of war . And nothing , ever , is revealed .
Memoirs of a Geisha is n't just drop-dead beautiful , it 's cinematically alive with a spirited way that makes most contrivances forgivable .
Golden 's straightforwardly involving prose , while no great shakes , has been replaced by an extremely fussy affair that is , in effect , its own silk-wrapped pictorial novelization .
Comes across as a weird combination of Charles Dickens and Harlequin Romance , given a falsely exotic air by an overlay of kimonos and cherry blossoms .
It 's an overlong film that looks great , but might leave you feeling a bit nauseous . Wait for it to hit cable .
Thusly , I do n't care about her , could care less if Sayuri finally finds true love . That means I do n't like the movie , and if I ever write my own memoirs about my life reviewing film I 'll make sure and say it again .
Not merely bad but pretentiously bad .
Marshall remarkably has established a challenging tone making the audience aware of the world the characters live in beneath the gloss .
The outlines of the story may seem soapy , but the details of the place , time , and culture used to tell the story elevate it to a meaningful and moving saga of identity , longing , and resiliance , as exquisitely presented as a silk kimono .
Films set in different countries can teach us so much about other cultures . For example , did you know that Memoirs of a Geisha is Japanese for ` Sominex ' ?
-LSB- G -RSB- ives you a real feeling of what it must have been like in old Japan , especially with all the pretty paper lanterns hanging around , and the beautiful kimonos the girls all wear .
You 've always got something to look at -- whether its Sayuri 's exquisitely painted face or the perfect twirl of a gorgeously flowered umbrella . But the storytelling is soap-opera banal .
I object to the movie not on sociological grounds but because I suspect a real geisha house floated on currents deeper and more subtle than the broad melodrama on display here .
... the picture mistakes opulence for importance . It 's like a geisha who is all dressed up with no place to go .
... nary a drop formed in my lachrymal glands ...
Despite his mainstream-heavy sensibility Marshall has crafted a textured film companion to Arthur Golden 's stunning masterwork .
As gorgeous as it is lifeless .
It does indeed feel like Thousand Oaks , CA , rather than Land of a Thousand Cherry Blossoms .
It 's not a movie ... it 's a fashion show !
There is spectacle enough in Marshall 's movie -- rows of geisha trainees aligned in formation like Rockettes , acres of low , cedar-and-bamboo buildings with mountains in the distance -- but nothing that comes close to lyricism .
There 's a lot of emotion and heart .
Even if it 's exaggerated and improbable on every level , the film still manages to grab our eye with its spectacular artistry , and our heart with its simple tale of yearning .
Exotic locations and vibrant colors mask what is essentially a Japanese soap opera voiced in English ...
This is , in fact , quite an ugly film .
Sumptuous and exotic , this Asian Cinderella story unveils an ancient , refined tradition - albeit at a sluggish pace - and stars three exquisite actresses .
It skips lightly over the surface of its rich material , more preoccupied with making pretty pictures than dipping below the surface so that you can experience the world through the eyes of its traumatized , yet increasingly savvy , heroine .
These extreme displays of artifice are lovely and a little daunting . They are also rather grimly exalted by the camera .
A lush , operatic period piece that abounds in detail , incident and spectacle and yet seldom connects on the emotional plane .
This is a movie for the ear and the eye , not the brain and the heart .
With its gorgeous cinematography , costumes and production design , Geisha is a visual feast , but it lacks emotional heft and leaves the viewer strangely unsatisfied .
Simultaneously gorgeous and forgettable , sentimental and prurient .
You could say Memoirs Of A Geisha is Gone With The Wind without the substance , and certainly without the fiery temperament that made Scarlett O'Hara a lot more interesting than Zhang 's geisha Sayuri is now .
It oozes importance , is heavy with worthiness and lies there , waiting to be appreciated for the beautiful thing it is .
Well worth seeing on the big screen , Memoirs of a Geisha is ultimately a film you admire , rather than embrace .
All three acts suffer from sluggish momentum and weak endings .
In the luxuriant Memoirs of a Geisha , three of the biggest and loveliest stars of Chinese cinema -- Ziyi Zhang , Michelle Yeoh and Gong Li -- sharpen their talons .
Robin Swicord ... who adapted the novel for the screen , does n't bother much with Golden 's prose , apparently because it was n't cliched enough .
Showgirls with a slicker technical package , and none of the spectacular tongue-in-cheek camp when it comes to the relationship between up-and-comer Sayuri -LRB- Ziyi Zhang as Nomi -RRB- and her long-in-the-tooth foe , Hatsumomo -LRB- Gong Li as Cristal -RRB- .
Feels more like a calculated product than a work of art .
An epic romantic period piece with deeply felt performances , beautiful costumes and exquisitely framed sets , Geisha pretty much defines the phrase `` Oscar contender . ''
Like a beautifully wrapped gift that fails to impress once the box is opened , Memoirs of a Geisha is gorgeous to look at - - but that 's about it .
A more fitting title for Memoirs of a Geisha would have been Cliffs Notes of a Geisha .
An Eastern movie made to resemble the most unchallenging Western ideal of what the East is .
In essence Chicago comes closer to capturing that life of artists and performance ; Memoirs is just whoring for a little prestige known as the Oscars .
The story is pretty simple but the film , like the book , is about the details and this is what attracts to `` Memoirs of a Geisha . ''
... if ever a movie represented Hollywood marketing , this is it .
Slowness does n't necessarily equal beauty or power or profundity .
the world of the film is so narrow that pre-occupation Japan looks like a feudal Disneyland , where everybody knew their place and the cherry blossoms were always falling
Spanning two decades and a momentous war , Memoirs of a Geisha displays all the pomp and grandeur of an epic , but you would n't call it sweeping .
Swathed in silk and longing -LRB- mostly for a bald guy called Oscar -RRB- , the big-screen version of Memoirs of a Geisha arrives with good intentions firmly in place .
A bloated melodrama more interested in poses than inner lives -LRB- according to some Japanese-culture-vultures , it gets the poses wrong , too -RRB- .
What 's wrong with Memoirs of a Geisha ' is n't the casting ; it 's the film 's languorous pace .
Director Rob Marshall Chicago is so transfixed by all the ritualistic hoo-ha that he never brings the story down to earth .
Arthur Golden 's bestselling novel has been transfigured into an overripe romance that manages the not-so-cute trick of being both glitzy and ponderous while straining for delicacy and grandeur .
The actors are hamstrung from the very beginning by the Westernized material -- everyone speaks English at all times -- and by the bland direction from Rob Marshall .
It 's not a great movie , or even a particularly good one , but it 's spectacular .
Memoirs loses its taste for risk , and settles , throughout the movie 's subsequent melodramatic turns , for the familiar blandishments of good looks and technical control .
McSushi !
Ziyi is radiant , as real as the script allows -- just not Japanese . Sweetly shot overall , though a dismal mood dominates . Otherwise somewhat simple and soapy .
attempts to take the admittedly addicting soap opera that was the book and elevate into something on a higher plane of artistic existence . It fails .
You have to appreciate the attention to detail and the beauty imbued into every scene by Rob Marshall and his crew
Memoirs of a Geisha is worthwhile on many levels , although it lacks the depth of feeling that would have elevated it from a good movie to a romance for the ages .
Icky .
A would-be cross between Showgirls and Raise the Red Lantern , too dumb to cause offense though falling short of the oblivious abandon that could have vaulted it into high camp .
Flawed by the use of Chinese actors taking the roles of Japanese and for its use of English all around .
More like Ringling Brothers and Barnum & Bailey 's Memoirs of a Geisha .
Memoirs of a Geisha builds a beautiful garden , then runs an interstate through it to let more people in .
Any doubts about three Chinese actresses speaking English with Japanese accents vanish in the face of their deeply felt performances and the world Marshall conjures with magical finesse .
So much to see and hear , yet the magic of Memoirs of a Geisha is the human way it touches the heart . The cumulative effect is like being knocked unconscious by the wing of a butterfly .
Shows how a small act of kindness , like a pebble thrown into a pond , can send out many ripples , and transform another 's life .
Mother is greedy . Pumpkin is naive . Sayuri is determined . Hatsumomo is angry . Mameha is wise . Etc. . .
Instead of revealing the inner sanctum of Japan 's traditionalist heart , Geisha wades clumsily through a series of beautiful sets , hackneyed plots and stunning costumes .
Though Spielberg once almost took the helm , the picture that we have here indicates that Marshall was the perfect man to bring Arthur Golden 's amazing best seller to the screen .
Arthur Golden 's international best-seller has been moved to the bigscreen with beauty and tact in Memoirs of a Geisha .
The filmmakers make characters crasser , ignore nuances within geisha tradition and give characters attitudes and dialogue highly unlikely for Depression-era Japan .
This schmaltzy adaptation , a throwback to Hollywood of yesteryear in its simplistic sensibility , is like taking a visual anthropology course , `` Geisha 101 , '' that imparts the most basic facts about a geisha 's life .










@highlight

Less nuanced than its source material , Memoirs of a Geisha may be a lavish production , but it still carries the simplistic air of a soap opera .