There is no need to re-litigate the controversy that sprang up around the alleged mistreatment of a dog actor in this film . A Dog 's Purpose is lame enough that you should stay away regardless .
An ode to -LRB- doggy -RRB- life ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Anyway , the movie tries so desperately hard to be emotional , intense , thought-provoking , funny , and more that the finished product is beyond rushed and wholly disjointed
A Dog 's Purpose is a sentimental tearjerker .
This doggo-driven film is a genuinely heartwarming tale about the enriching gifts these relationships bring . It 's guaranteed to make your heart swell .
If you 're a dog-lover , the makers will have you eating out of their hands in no time . If you 're a cat-person , there is still enough humour and heart in it to enjoy it with family .
An inevitably episodic and repetitive film that for all its laboured canine capers - and my goodness , there are a lot of them - never comes close to charming , at least not until Dennis Quaid joins the cast for what I admit is quite a sweet final chapter .
A small masterpiece , a sensitive and delicate fable , a moral tale with an amazing capacity for observation and a sense of detail . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Even though I possess the cynical , weary heart of a journalist , I thought it was a charming film filled with joyous moments . One that tugs at your heart and leaves a lump in your throat .
While A Dog 's Purpose means well , it ultimately tries too hard to be more than just a standard ` cute pet film ' , instead ending up pretentious and manipulative .
A welcome , woofy warning against human speciesism .
It 's hard to work how who this film is pitched at given the very simple narrative .
It 's a movie by dog lovers , for dog lovers , that 's more concerned with being cute and cuddly than providing any meaningful insight or substance .
The movie somehow manages to be both trite and macabre .
This remains a textbook example of what the website Snopes.com refers to as `` glurge '' -- the kind of gooey uplift associated with the novels of Nicholas Sparks and their film adaptations .
Harmless , family entertainment that 's a bit too clumsily-plotted and emotionally-manipulative to recommend it broadly .
The problem which , ahem , dogs the film is that while the loyal hound is naturally devoted to each of its owners , they never really interest the rest of us .
It 's hard not to be charmed by the film 's pack of hyperactive , wriggling puppies , but there 's only so much time to be spent watching them play before it becomes eye-wateringly banal .
Adorable . A Dog 's Purpose essentially gives you five dog movies in one ... Director Lasse Hallstrom proved his dog-movie credentials with the modern classic Hachi : A Dog 's Tale -LRB- 2009 -RRB- and here pulls on every heart-string without ever going off key .
This all sounds sickeningly mawkish , but the hovering presence of death adds salt to the proceedings , and Hallstrom and his actors have made this film oddly watchable .
Ultimately , this is a hugely entertaining family movie that will have cynics and cinema critics screaming in outrage - and leave dog-lovers with their heart strings well and truly tugged .
I suppose there are children , and maybe even some adults , who will love all this .
While the canine performances are impeccable in A Dog 's Purpose , this family movie is more of a dog 's breakfast in terms of construction and tone .
This film has drama , humour and pathos .
A schmaltzy mash up of emotional manipulation and kitsch , as one tiny doggy soul wafts from host to host learning inane lessons about humankind and leaving a trail of corpses in its wake .
Yes , it 's filled with schmaltzy moments and lines , but the canine stars are adorable , and dog lovers will enjoy this nice , gentle and slightly weird take on loving and losing a pet .
Call it Ground Dog Day . Just do n't call it good .
Were it played for bigger laughs , with successive Baileys getting into all manner of scrapes , it may have made a decent comedy , rather than a baffling existential weepie that ultimately ends up chasing its own tail .
A Dog 's Purpose feels like a Lassie film written by Nicholas Sparks and you will need a boundless love of dogs and a high tolerance of schmaltz to enjoy it .
Sometimes too much is too much , and this exercise in pupper schmaltz has definitely hit my ceiling .
Innately sweet , due to the high number of fluffy animals , but it has the gloopy emotion and silly plotting of a Nicholas Sparks novel . Nicholas Barks , if you will .
Visually , narratively , every creative choice forks off down the most obvious route .
A bemusing crossbreed of sentimentality , Buddhist philosophy and poo jokes .
There is something so icily manipulative about a live-action non-animation film that cloyingly endows an animal with human characteristics and human piety about eternal life .
Calculated with the precise goal of conjuring a tearful reaction to cute critters .
A Dog 's Purpose is a film for people who like dogs more than they like movies .
Tears will undoubtedly be jerked , but your brain will be unceremoniously twerked upon by a blandly bonkers story of repeat reincarnations .
It 's a bizarre endeavour , a rambling tale whose purpose , in spite of its title , is very hard to work out .
Tugs at your heartstrings like a puppy at a postman 's trouser leg .
The veteran director gives a professional gloss to A Dog 's Purpose , but all the skill in the world ca n't make this dog 's dinner palatable .
The climatic shenanigans give rise to full-blown schmaltz when the retriever starts to play matchmaker in order to reunite his first master -LRB- Dennis Quaid -RRB- with his former girlfriend .
So , you too take inspiration for the sentient doggy and ignore the gaping holes in the film 's own logic and choose to swim against the torrid current of reason -LRB- much like that poor dog -RRB- .
A Dog 's Purpose , is as sugary , moving and even awkward as they come .
As any film aimed at children but potentially traumatizing for them might be , `` A Dog 's Purpose '' is at odds with itself , straining to balance the levity of poop jokes with the tragedy of loss .
The director 's gorgeous images go some way towards making that message go down easier . But that is where his restraint ends .
A Dog 's Purpose will find a great Hallmark Channel following among folks who refer to their pets as their children and mean it .
An irresistible boy and his dog tale that will have you laughing through tears . For anyone who ever loved a dog .
The movie is enjoyable enough .
The only reason I stayed to watch A Dog 's Purpose is because it 's my job and , from past experience , I know a movie can get better . A Dog 's Purpose does get better -- but never to a point where it could be considered a good movie .
It 's not ` Marley and me ' nor the nonsense that many augured . It 's just another film about dogs and , this time , it 's impossible not to cry a little with it . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An adventure story with some drama flashes , wrapped with humorous touches but always emotionally coaxing the audience with false tenderness moments . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The film is channeled into the conventional and tearful through basic extortions : artery music , heavy alcoholism situations , accidents and farewells . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
All the emotional resonance of a dog-themed novelty coffee-table book .
A Dog 's Purpose is n't a movie . It 's a greeting card with fur and a borderline cloying narration .
Manipulative and flooded with melodrama , the only good thing about this film is its intentions to move us ; But it 's far from doing it . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
We could argue the film represents an artless waste of resources and brazen manipulation of empty sentiment , but ... oooh , who 's a good movie ? Who 's a good movie ?!
A Dog 's Purpose has got cute dogs , but you 're better off spending two hours cuddling your own pets .
When the real-world news is so unsettling , a feel-good movie ... wo n't change things , but it provides some pleasant , if temporary , relief .
A Dog 's Purpose works best when you do n't pay attention to its pseudo-philosophical musings or emotional manipulation , but let the images of adorable dogs guide you into an innocuous stupor .
By the end , I was worn out by all the selfless devotion , all the joyous running across meadows and wheat fields while the camera soars as high as a dog 's love for his human .
A peculiar kibble of vignettes , wrapping reincarnation and life lessons together in a sappy Hallmark Channel-style doggy sweater .
A jaunty film exploring all the wonderful ways to appreciate dogs .
A Dog 's Purpose went from being the kind of preening , maudlin movie most would have ignored to a movie many plan on boycotting . Apathy has been rebranded as political action .
`` A Dog 's Purpose '' left me cherishing my borderline-venerable Skeezix ; longing to see Scamp and Fluff and Sukoshi and Sally , the dear departed dogs of my life ; and wishing I could have been reincarnated as a better master than I was .
`` A Dog 's Purpose '' , the book , makes the reader laugh , cry , celebrate -- especially if you 're a bona fide dog lover . `` A Dog 's Purpose '' , the movie , has some of that , but not nearly enough .
`` A Dog 's Purpose '' is well done . It 's suitable for children 10 and up , especially in its unabashed love of dogs while showcasing the people who unconditionally love their four-legged companions .
By manipulating this emotional vulnerability , A Dog 's Purpose has no reason to be a good movie . It can suffice by making its audience cry through the simplest and crudest of gestures .
Without unduly anthropomorphizing its multiple canine heroes , the film succeeds in giving the audience a way to deeply consider canine consciousness .
It 's much ado about anthropomorphizing -- dogs -LRB- et al. animals -RRB- that talk cute or philosophical . It 's so-so kiddie fare , with some less-than-cutting-edge slapstick to offset lots of tears for lots of doggies dying .
While it 's sometimes good to show kids a look at real life that is n't sugar-coated , this could be fairly intense or maybe even traumatic for younger viewers . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Disturbing Material , etc. - also Available -RRB-
A Dog 's Purpose left me stuck in emotional quicksand , escaping not so much impossible as it felt like a waste of my time .
I mean , if it can make a cat dad like myself tear up , it 's obviously working .
Boycott not necessary . Inferior doggie It 's a Wonderful Life will vanish . Dennis Quaid worth weight in gold , however .
Tearjerker is sweet , poignant , and occasionally violent .
Terry Stacey 's photography can be as warm and inviting as a lap dog , but it 's difficult to invest in any particular dog when we know it 's going to come back to life like a video game character .
The movie would n't tax the intelligence of a flea -- it 's about a dog , reborn through many canine lives , in search of meaning and happiness -- but even so it succeeds on its own , Kleenex-consuming terms .
If you 're up for an overdose of crowning moments of heartwarming , then this is the film for you ; if not , you 'd best give it a wide berth .
While the wide-eyed dog narrator device is cute , it also creates some narrative problems . Hallström 's protagonist is often along for the ride on a story that is low on conflict , even if it 's high on `` aw , shucks '' moments .
Dog movies get a bad rap , and they 're certainly not easy to make well . Maybe they 're a like a doggie lick in the face , a little annoying and a little wonderful , and , depending on the moment , they can elicit a frown or a smile . This one gets a smile .
A manipulative script about dog reincarnation that whacks your emotions like a piñata - that 's forgivable . But no mercy for a film charged with canine abuse behind the scenes . It should n't happen to a dog .
Whatever a dog 's purpose might be , the movie 's purpose is clear : to make you smile and say , `` Awww . '' Woof .
Through every step of philosophical flapdoodle peddled in A Dog 's Purpose , Hallstrom manages to maintain some level of dignity .
Josh Gad does a nice job voicing a cute dog . Aside from that , the cliched A Dog 's Purpose , with its problematic gender dynamics , does n't have much to offer .
The tonal weirdness and the philosophical fallacies and the general level of treacle did not sit very well with me . Then again , I have to admit I 'm really more of a cat person .
The mostly trite A Dog 's Purpose tries its hardest to make audiences weep with its story of a dog 's spirit being reincarnated as it wonders about the meaning of life .
`` A Dog 's Purpose '' is an awkward , graceless , meandering and unnecessarily cruel dog movie , .
This decades-spanning , semi-anthological drama does n't need to try to manipulate because its concept , by nature , is manipulative . And , boy , does it work . `` A Dog 's Purpose '' is a small early gem of 2017 .
Despite the constant reincarnations , A Dog 's Purpose does n't contain much in the way of spirituality . But any agnostic big-picture messaging it may be reaching for does n't quite come through , either .
You 've heard of the dog abuse controversy . Whether it 's true or not , this movie has bigger problems like a plot that 's a lot of bark and not much bite .
`` A Dog 's Purpose '' finds itself in a peculiar spot , pandering to dog lovers , but still not giving them what they want .
Adorable puppies , wholesome messages , no swear words . Oh , and dogs dying . But they come back ! You 'll probably know from those words alone if this one is for you . Or not .
There 's nothing subtle , surprising , or sophisticated about this story , which is as chewed over as a dog 's favorite bedroom slipper .
It 's a shame A Dog 's Purpose does n't have more of a purpose than as a melodramatic mess .
It 's basically `` Look Who 's Talking '' with a puppy instead of a baby .
Let me confess that as ridiculously manipulative and sentimental a family movie as A Dog 's Purpose is , I 'm a bit of a sucker for movies like it .
The one distinguishing feature , baked into the film 's conceit , is that we get to anticipate the dog dying at the end of every segment , and endure the repeated heartbreak of owners who can not know its spirit is infinite .
It 's the sort of sweet , down-home schmaltz that one would expect ...
Warm , emotionally effective film for dog lovers of all ages traces the many lives of one canine on its soul 's journey through different bodies , breeds , generations and owners .
The mixture of slapstick , melodrama , and cloying sentiment is tonally jarring , making for a movie that will convince cat people how right they are .
Hallström and screenwriter Cathryn Michon 's adaptation may not contain the subtext of the best-selling novel by W. Bruce Cameron , yet it does capture the sentiment .
Gad 's voice-over often seems incongruous with the dogs ' onscreen behavior , and he 's rarely as funny or touching as he tries to be .
It 's more of a greatest hits package of dog behaviors and projected qualities , missing true heart and greater understanding of the mysteries , tragedies , and happy accidents of life .
Aimed squarely at dog lovers , this sugary tearjerker misses the mark - but not by much .
It might be one of the most cloying and aggressively irritating films that I have ever been subjected to .
In a Hollywood comedy atmosphere where filmmakers seem to compete to make movies as grossly offensive as possible , A Dog 's Purpose is a welcome breath of family-friendly fresh air .
When Hollywood casts a dog as the lead in a movie , it 's pretty much always because there is a sappily inspirational tale to be told . And that , as they say , is A Dog 's Purpose .
A cute , funny , risky movie that , in lesser hands , would n't work .
A Dog 's Purpose just wears you down .
`` A Dog 's Purpose '' is hokey but harmless bunkum .
Purpose ... plays like a family film from another era , its gentle sensibilities a million miles removed from the winky pop culture references and meta layers of most modern all-ages entertainment .
`` A Dog 's Purpose '' will make you want to give your furry family members a big hug when you get home . If they 're anything like Bailey , they 'll be glad to see you .
It 's certainly not the worst film you 'll see this year , but it 's one I 'm willing to bet you wo n't remember by the end of it .
An unholy marriage of `` The Idiot 's Guide to Existentialism '' and Animal Planet 's `` Too Cute ! '' shows .
If you have the kind of kid who cries hard when Old Yeller dies , you 're sending him into a `` The Wild Bunch '' - style ambush .
All that reincarnating is hard work , and watching it unfold is a slog too .
So what is a dog 's purpose ? To provide gentle , forgettable entertainment for moviegoers who lament that `` they '' do n't make `` nice '' movies anymore , apparently .
Lasse Hallström 's gooey film exists only to offer comforting reassurances about dogs ' natural servility .
It 's a weepie that can be tough to resist .
Making the film from Bailey 's point of view might seem like a good idea , but Cathryn Michon 's adaptation of W. Bruce Cameron 's best seller offers only the most obvious perspectives and the device inhibits human characterization .
It 's often cloying , absurdly melodramatic , and the premise exists largely as a tear-manufacturing device .
That 's what you get from A Dog 's Purpose : emotional torture porn of the canine variety . Its sole purpose is cheap emotional manipulation .
What is the meaning of life ? Are we here for a reason ? Is there a point to any of this ?
Clumsily manipulative dreck .
In this sort of Quantum Leap for dogs , a soulful , gender-confused , repeatedly reincarnated canine goes on a magical journey of Hollywood formula . Come with me , and you 'll be in a world of pure manipulation .
The last thing this `` dogs die '' picture needs is a real-world pall hanging over it .
A dog 's purpose , it turns out , is to be reincarnated into a different sappy mini-Hallmark movie after every death .
The film is both heartwarming and soul-shattering . Its theme of an unbreakable bond between man and his best friend is reminiscent of `` My Dog Skip , '' `` Homeward Bound '' and `` Old Yeller . ''
A schmaltzy , manipulative movie that , nonetheless , managed to manipulate a dog-lover like me right into a sodden mess .
While the human performers are more than adequate , there 's no doubt that the canine stars carry the day . Their utter irresistibility helps a long way in terms of getting past the corny plot machinations of A Dog 's Purpose .
A Dog 's Purpose goes the Collateral Beauty route by preying on sadness and not earning its emotional reactions .
A Nicholas Sparks movie crossed with a Blue Buffalo dog food commercial .
Do dogs love us only because we feed them ? This delightful tale answers the question and should be of special interest to all children and as well to adults who have been owned by these wonderful , four-legged friends .
It 's hard to fault the movie 's earnestness ; Hallström 's canine cinema pedigree -LRB- which includes the superior `` Hachi : A Dog 's Tale '' -RRB- shows through ; and Rachel Portman 's score is understandably sentimental without going completely saccharine .

@highlight

A Dog 's Purpose offers an awkward blend of sugary sentiment and canine suffering that tugs at animal-loving audiences ' heartstrings with shameless abandon .