How could a movie with Jeff Goldbloom in it be bad , right ? Wrong . This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen .
So much of what is going on in the third act is so ridiculous , it is hard not to find some enjoyment out of it
Independence Day : Resurgence begins brightly and enjoyably before it collapses into the sort of commercial , visual-effects-driven silliness Steven Spielberg might churn out ... on a really , really bad day .
I 'm not going to sit here and pretend like Independence Day is some great movie-it 's not . It 's nonsensical trash like all of Roland Emmerich 's movies .
The two young actors sorely lack the chemistry and sass Goldblum and leading man Will Smith shared in the original .
Resurgence is n't a good movie , but if you 're trying to work out what Independence Day means in 2016 , that is n't the point .
-LSB- Director Roland -RSB- Emmerich gave us bigger explosions and battles , but the two-hour running time sags under the bloat of thin characters and huge plot holes .
Independence Day : Resurgence is also a fun , totally ridiculous summer blockbuster that 's just confident and loony enough to succeed .
While the first film contains a stronger narrative structure and overall visual design , the primary concern of both films is to have fun , and in this respect , Resurgence provides plenty .
What a mountain of crap this movie is .
Not that bad a movie when you get down to it , it 's just so painfully inept and never wants to think outside the box .
The human element is so excruciating that it 's enough to make you crave the paint-by-numbers action scenes like a desert oasis .
Some would surely argue Independence Day : Resurgence was n't made for critics . Watching it , one wonders for whom exactly it was made .
With its flat characters and a bland , retreaded narrative , Independence Day : Resurgence makes for a banal and instantly-forgettable sequel that ca n't even live up to the decent spectacle of the original .
Independence Day : Resurgence is n't just a lackluster , phoned-in sequel . It 's one of the worst films ever projected onto a movie screen .
Breathlessly , senselessly , on and on this movie skitters and jitters , offering no build-ups , no high-points , even scene-switching perfunctorily just to connect plot-dots . There 's not a single moment of original , dramatic sci-fi action for us to enjoy .
The result is a big , fast sci-fi action thriller that lacks both the original movie 's enjoyably raucous tone and its break-out star Will Smith .
Roland Emmerich had twenty years to prepare . And THIS is what he came up with ?
Chaos and corniness resurge in ` Independence Day ' sequel .
The characters and their travails rarely , if ever , connect , and as such Independence Day : Resurgence is a handsomely produced , energetically paced waste of time that arguably never should have gone into production in the first place .
Why is Independence Day : Resurgence even happening ? This totally uncreative cash grab copies much of the original '90s action film but with practically no fun .
An absolute disaster of a sequel ...
Roland Emmerich does Roland Emmerich things by going all out in his continued tale of mankind vs alien , resulting in popcorn munching entertaining of the OTT kind .
An overdose of destruction and explosions that surprise no one and no memorable scenes at all . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A bigger , dumber version of the first Independence Day stripped of its best character ... and redesigned in a lab to appeal to audiences in China .
The result feels just as long as the original -LRB- though , in fact , it 's 25 minutes shorter -RRB- , and the visual effects are surprisingly cheesy in spots , but the movie delivers the goods as a decent , undemanding summer popcorn epic .
It 's silly , it 's ridiculous , it 's over the top . And it 's a perfect piece of '90s nostalgia .
It 's not a bad film , not a great one either , it 's not as memorable as the original , but at least it 's a nostalgia trip . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The screen becomes immediately occupied with the earlier survivors , but who wants to see them at all , especially when their entire existence has become a morose consideration of the past rather than a trod through steady recovery ?
It does n't reach the bar set by the original , but at least it delivers what it promises : no plot , but great special effects and destruction . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
There are some good ideas but in the end , it tries to hard to turn this story into a franchise . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The definition of guilty placer . Ca n't wait for the third part . -LSB- Ful review in Spanish -RSB-
I enjoyed none of it ; I endured all of it .
The aliens are freaky and you ca n't help but root for the humans as they valiantly try to get the upper hand .
... when ` Battleship ' makes more sense , you have a serious problem .
The basic structure works fine and some of the ideas are pretty good , but there is no emotional resonance ; the characters are all flat , even Jeff Goldblum 's David , who is good for a few funny lines and not much else .
This critic enjoyed it for the everything-but-the-kitchen-sink storyline .
I badly wanted to like this film , but did n't .
Watching Resurgence is a bit like living a familiar high school reunion nightmare ... You get dressed up , wonder what everyone will look like , then arrive at the venue only to discover that your old friends are absent .
`` Independence Day : Resurgence '' is a dull , brainless sequel , representing how sadly major studio film quality has declined in the intervening two decades . And how gullible the makers think audiences have become .
A quite unnecessary sequel .
This tedious sci-fi sequel fizzles like a soggy firecracker ...
Even as Asia is dropped on Europe the film lacks the comic book enthusiasm and clear-eyed momentum of the 1996 original .
in the era of Trump and Brexit , the movie 's apocalyptic paranoia is commonplace while its one-world-united optimism seems quaint and naive .
A fun and healthy self-parody . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Incompetent at every turn .
The ubiquity of blockbuster cinema 's wrecking-ball impulse has diminished its impact in the years since ...
While humanity has spent two decades preparing for the second invasion , nothing could have prepared audiences for this wretched , passionless cash-grab of a sequel .
While the original ID contained characters who kept us entertained , this picture adds characters -- and their attendant actors -- who are so devoid of personality , they barely register as living organisms .
They had 20 years to prepare and this is the best they could do ?
A bloated bore that celebrates war with ridiculous insect aliens , and fills the screen with blown-up bodies .
Outrageous and oftentimes ridiculous , this big-budget action film is bursting with energy and a palpable sense of fun .
The universe created by Roland Emmerich returns with lots of nostalgia of a once great film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A lot of noise , and show , and all that jazz for nothing . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
We 're all well aware of the sequel stigma and have probably seen our fair share of films that feel like thoughtless attempts to milk a hit for all it 's worth , but Independence Day : Resurgence might be one of the worst of the worst
It walks a fine line between Ender 's Game and Starship Troopers . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Emmerich surprises us with his worst movie to date . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
There 's a good movie buried somewhere in Independence Day : Resurgence , amidst the clunky exposition and embarrassing callbacks to the first film and disheartening one-liners delivered by Liam Hemsworth .
Resurgence is a lot like the original , but worse .
What a pixelated , jumbled , chopped-up mess . Look at it this way : We 'll always have ' 96 .
Honestly , I could watch Goldblum and Gainsbourg -- two of the most quirkily sublime multihypenate artists alive -- reading phonebooks to each other and enjoy the experience thoroughly , but sadly even they seem wasted here .
Stop that philosophical analysis . Kick . Alien . Ass .
` Big , Dumb & Fun ' is a legitimate genre , but Independence Day : Resurgence forgot the fun .
Independence Day : Resurgence is more or less what I expected out of a sequel , a moderately entertaining follow-up inferior to the original in every way .
A movie that plays like a series of trailers for expensive disaster movies .
A sequel that proves the first movie really did n't need following up in the first place .
Precis of Report on Readiness of Planet YD56201 .3 to Join Galactic Alliance : The Invitation Committee fears that this fictional popular entertainment reflects Human tendencies to illogic , lack of imagination , and rank sentimentality .
Based on the popularity of the original , and the strength of the characters created there ; this sequel should have been a sure thing . it is n't . Oh it is good but it should have been so much better .
The new film is n't so much a reprise of ID4 as it is a combination of tribute act and reunion tour .
Just like Quentin Tarantino with feet and Nicolas Winding Refn with hands , Roland Emmerich too has a fetish . It involves CGI .
Perhaps it 's fate that Independence Day 2 was released over a week before the Fourth of July , showing upfront how far Resurgence is from fighting to be good cinema .
The movie equivalent of ordering a popsicle on a sweltering summer day - only to be served the stick .
Moreover , the movie keeps announcing over and over exactly how much time is left before the world gets destroyed . In practical terms , that simply reminds the audience that this two-hour exercise feels like a pretty long sit , despite its frenetic pacing .
Did we really need this sequel ? There 's not enough entertainment in this one to justify it . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An empty and joyless sequel . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A completely unnecessary sequel . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A very delayed sequel that delivers , for better or worse , what it promised : little subtlety and great spectacle . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A blatant display of special effects with no justification that kills everything that we loved in the first one . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The first `` Independence Day '' had the gratifying slap of good pop cinema , harmless and weightless ; the follow-up is twice as big and half as fun .
The franchise that probably should have gone quietly into the night . A roller coaster ride is not a story .
If this is the future of the blockbuster , it 's time to batten down the hatches .
It is undoubtedly corny , exceptionally cheesy and very American in its gung-ho simplicity but as escapist entertainment on an epic scale it is a guilty pleasure .
Despite the creaky exposition , the cliches -LRB- school bus in peril anyone ? -RRB- and the battering-ram approach to special effects , this is enjoyable chaos .
It is a cheesy spectacle with a breezy plot that is n't believable , but it does n't take itself seriously anyway . The fishing boat surfing on the tidal wave scene proves that . This is just a dumb , but fun popcorn movie with lots of action and humor .
The temptation is there to say that Independence Day : Resurgence tarnishes the image of its predecessor but the original Independence Day was n't all that good to begin with .
Unremarkable in scope and VFX by today 's standards , even this movie barely seems to care about that brand of spectacle as it wipes cities off the map .
`` We 're gon na kick some alien ass ! '' cries a trying Brent Spiner , who once played TV 's most measured intellect on a show about tolerance , diplomacy and universal understanding .
It 's a non-movie , an insult to the blockbuster genre , and should stand only as a perfect example of Hollywood 's more glaring deficiencies as an industry .
`` The Chinese have been integral to the Earth Defense Program . '' Remember to apply the tongue firmly to get a good shine on those boots , guys
Unoriginal , lazy and messy , pandering to both fans of the original and the Chinese market -- a disaster flick in not only content but form .
A dull and humorless sequel .
The film follows a course that regurgitates situations and dialogue meant to stir memories of the original in order to deflect from the sequel 's deficiencies .
Nonetheless , if you enjoy formulaic chaos and are fine with cliched celebration of human resilience , this one 's quite engaging .
Disposable and shockingly inept .
Well that was unnecessary .
You can forgive Independence Day : Resurgence for being ridiculous -- its predecessor was too . But you ca n't forgive it for being boring .
Here the action is just down to humans and aliens exchanging green laser firefights .
Uninspired sequel is dull despite big sci-fi battles .
This is less about resurgence than regurgitation on a humongous , eye-gouging 3D scale .
`` Together , these young actors generate all the excitement of a laundry spin cycle . Thank God for Jeff Goldblum . ''
a ramshackle hodge-podge of recycled tropes from ID4 , called back into active service with a formidable ineptitude .
The results are predictably predictable if rarely entertainingly risible , with swaths of exposition and dialogue that sounds like ads -LRB- `` one people , one world '' -RRB- .
Independence Day : Resurgence is B-movie CGI disaster mayhem that is elevated , only slightly , by the few fan-favorite characters who return .
`` IDR '' moves right along at the rapid clip essential for a story whose general outline is known from the get-go . What actually happens on screen is less important than that it unfolds really , really fast .
The early attacks on Earth are successful but the computerised graphics of cities crumbling and oceans rising do n't have a lot of oomph .
` ID : R ' is n't some sort of cataclysmic fiasco . More than anything , it 's just kind of sad .
Packed with industrial-size schmaltz and about six too many subplots .
Then again , given our rotten times , it may be the ` Independence Day ' we deserve .
It 's hard to say what 's worse about this movie : its shoddiness , which is abundant , or its cynicism -- no surprise in a `` sequel '' slapped together 20 years after the picture whose enduring popularity it seeks to exploit
Since embracing CG wholeheartedly , Emmerich has truly unleashed his inner Beavis and Butt-Head .
The plot is a big jumble of story lines , nonsense science talk and lots of `` in ' 96 '' references . Speaking of ' 96 , there 's nothing even remotely as thrilling or memorable as the first here .
This sequel , in every possible sense , is bigger and sillier and thus impossible to resist .
Even at half an hour shorter than the previous movie , Resurgence feels padded , full of go-nowhere subplots and pointless supporting characters .
By the time the big battle happens at the end , CGI has rendered the Earth bleak and unrecognizable ; like it 's not worth saving .
The only thing resurgent in this humorless alien mess is Hollywood 's passion to charge us more and deliver less .
Resurgence ends up falling victim to its attempts to differentiate itself while remaining completely derivative .
It 's just dull and hollow-a massive waste of time and money .
`` We knew they 'd be back '' says the poster . 20 years is n't enough , they should 've stayed away . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
You go to a Roland Emmerich film for global destruction , not international casting . And Independence Day : Resurgence does n't disappoint .
While not fully satisfying , Emmerich 's talent for disaster porn is unrivaled here , and the aliens are fantastic and a lot of fun to look at .
It 's Independence Day , but without any of the charisma , tension and danger of the original - in other words , just another generic sci-fi blockbuster at best .
An immaculate case-study in how far blockbusters have fallen .
This pitiful sequel is destined to go down as one of the most epic cinematic disasters of modern times .
I did n't like `` Independence Day : Resurgence . '' You probably wo n't either .
It 's been two decades sans alien attacks and then , as expected , the visitors show up and everyone is again running for dear life . The one thing that the 1996 film did not have that you get here is amazing CGI .
Roland Emmerich 's latest film may be the most absurd movie of the summer -LRB- and that 's saying something -RRB- , but it 's also a lot of fun .
Roland Emmerich 's new movie relentlessly coasts on its legacy , not realizing it 's in a stall .
Independence Day was once the enjoyable kind of junk food , but Resurgence is the kind that leaves you walking out in a slack-jawed stupor , wondering why you ever got excited about it in the first place .
If the sequels are this awful , here 's hoping it takes more than 20 years for the next one .
Minus any movie stars and skimping on production values , it 's the off-brand blockbuster equivalent of shopping at the Dollar Tree .
Past a certain point , scale fatigue sets in . Emmerich wants the audience to drop their jaws at the sight of a ship hoovering up Singapore . And we do , but to yawn .
Want to see things blow up good ? Independence Day : Resurgence really delivers . However , if you like a bit of story to go with all those explosions -- forget it .
The plot ? The same , only bigger .
If you must go see the lazy cash-grab sequel Independence Day : Resurgence at the movies , leave your brain in the car . You wo n't remember what happened , and that 's for the best .
Independence Day : Resurgence is the worst kind of bad movie : one that seems indifferent about its own existence .
The original ... was incredibly dumb , ... replete with juvenile humor and gee-whiz heroics that reminded you of a 1940s serial , but this one doubles down on the stupidity level ... The only saving grace is that -LSB- it -RSB- does n't take itself seriously .
The film does nothing satiric or fleetingly parodic with the notion of a world united in the midst of alien annihilation .
It 's an extinction level event ...
Whatever enjoyment you find is more of an OK-fine white flag than a willful surrender to masterful spectacle . Though consistently slick , the visual effects in `` Independence Day : Resurgence '' boast all the awe and wonder of a software upgrade .
No amount of sci-fi spectacle , disaster movie destruction and goofy comic relief can right this ship . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Profanity , etc. - Also Available -RRB-
`` Independence Day : Resurgence '' is every bit as fun , every bit as silly , and every bit as destructive as the original .
There 's big and dumb entertainment , but this turkey is lobotomized .
This is a movie that depends on an equal level of stupidity between the alien invaders and the human defenders .
The movie becomes a bit too campy
Written in a boardroom , produced in a lab .
It 's a mess , but I grinned a good portion of the way through .
From the metallic shell of the 1996 smash `` Independence Day , '' director Roland Emmerich has pulled a seriously lousy sequel , dripping with alien goo and incoherence .
Look , this is n't supposed to be Serious Cinema . I get that . I also know that there is a cinematic place for over-the-top action . I also know that it does n't have to be stupid , because I saw `` Mad Max : Fury Road . ''
The film is so cluttered with characters , exposition and space junk , thickly lacquered with 3D , it 's like a party piñata waiting to burst open - but inside are rocks , not toys .
When you go to watch a Roland Emmerich film you know what to expect and here the director of 2012 , Godzilla and The Day After Tomorrow delivers perhaps the dearest B-movie ever made .
Returning director Roland Emmerich 's film checks all the appropriate boxes - wanton destruction , malevolent aliens , B-movie dialogue , rampant silliness - but the old charm just is n't there anymore .
The first `` Independence Day '' was a lot of fun , with a great lines and cutting-edge special effects . It was much imitated , so the sequel plays like a faded , eighth-generation copy with a cast that 's shooting blanks when it comes to humor .
I remember sitting in the theater watching the first Independence Day as a kid , mouth agape at what the movies could do . I 'm a little more cynical at this point .
Keep expectations low , and Goldblum appreciation levels high .
The dream of 90s blockbusters is alive . Unashamedly goofy and sincere with its absurdity .
For fans of the original , there is little reason not to be a fan of this one . For everyone else , the best that can be said is that it is tolerable .
Should you see it ? Who the hell knows . But God help me , I think I kind of liked Independence Day : Resurgence . The end may well be nigh .
Like one of this franchise 's giant alien motherships , you can see these things coming from a great distance , and their arrival means nothing but bad news .
If nothing else , Emmerich 's return to familiar territory shows his evolution as a filmmaker well in-tune with what it takes to keep mass audiences entertained .
A massive endeavor that 's Michael Bay-esque in its bloated generic-ness , populated by stiff cardboard cutouts who race through bland digital chaos .
If you 've ever wanted to see Liam Hemsworth pee on an alien while flipping the bird , boy , is Independence Day : Resurgence the movie for you .
While the first one brought some life to disaster movies , this new one is a disaster itself . -LSB- Full review in Portuguese . -RSB-
It 's very daft , very American , very blockbuster and very good indeed .
Something tells us you wo n't have to wait 20 years for your next star-spangled slice of cheesageddon .
Of course , silliness and the alien attack blockbuster have never been unacquainted , but about 20 minutes in , it occurred to me that the best way to enjoy this movie really is to view it as a comedy .
An enjoyable film that wo n't become a classic like it 's predecessor . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It delivers what it promised : light and absurd entertainment full of special effects . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
There 's some self parody , with one liners and like the original , a B movie feel all over . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
For those to whom size matters , this is the film for you !
For all that they promised , they fall short . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This is a film that thinks characterisation means having someone gaze sorrowfully at an old family photograph .
The `` so bad it 's good '' factor occasionally kicks in . But even with those ascents from base camp to high camp , this noisy , assaultive , stunt-oriented film leaves us clawing for the oxygen of human and dramatic interest .
Resurgence is probably as good as you can hope it to be , maybe even better than many of us expected .
Ticks all the right boxes in terms of character , spectacle and alien ass-kicking action .
Independence Day : Resurgence is a wildly silly movie full of nonsensical logic , terrible exposition dialogue , and convoluted gobbledygook science . It also does n't matter one bit , because this sequel to the 1996 blockbuster is a whole lot of fun .
Independence Day : Resurgence has five screenwriters . Makes you wonder how they 'll split the Oscar .
Pure and uncompromising entertainment . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The tone is bizarrely upbeat throughout , as if an alien invasion is really just an extension of a 4th of July party - an excuse for letting off fireworks and making as much noise as possible .
It 's certainly not a great film , but it 's definitely an Independence Day sequel . For all its many , many flaws , that 's kind of fun .
A welcome hit of '90s nostalgia . But please , no threequel .
Resurgence inexplicably over-complicates a simple entertainment equation by stuffing too many unnecessary old and new characters -LRB- plus many inconsequential sidekicks -RRB- into all available gaps .
Because there 's so much going on , often the story line appears rushed , with characters arriving at cocksure decisions as to how to beat the aliens with no real explanation as to how they got there .
The few simple pleasures of the original film have been cast aside for an embrace of CGI disorder on a psychotic scale .
It entertains , often relentlessly , yet rains rubble on audience engagement .
In trying to recapture the sheer entertainment value of the first movie , Independence Day : Resurgence forgot it was making a movie for modern audiences , relying on the kind of bad dialogue and plot contrivances better left in the 20th century .
Hanging over it all is the question of why the film was worth making at all , except as a pure bid for profit .
Resurgence is left feeling like a derivative mash-up of bigger , better franchises .
Crucially , Resurgence lacks the heart-pounding tension of the original . The first film , after all , showed we could beat the aliens . There is n't much here to suggest we wo n't do it again .
... an ordinary sequel ...
Independence Day : Resurgence entertains like few Hollywood blockbusters have of late , largely by foregoing pretension on every level and drilling down on the basic tenets of popcorn moviemaking .
I 'm not going to sit here and slate the film for its linear plot , cartoonish characters , lack of realism and biblical , CGI-laden set pieces , it 's what makes it enjoyable .
The main thing consumers will be looking for from Resurgence is bang-for-buck entertainment , and that it delivers reasonably successfully .
While it would be foolish to say Independence Day : Resurgence lacks spectacle , scene after scene of the stuff becomes repetitive due to its victimless violence . It feels like no one ever gets hurt , despite the destruction of half the planet .
`` Independence Day : Resurgence '' delivers swiftly and generously when it comes to the goods most viewers will have come for - the time-honored joys of blowing stuff up , in set pieces that escalate dizzyingly in size and context .
Goldblum 's Levinson sums it up while talking about the mothership sucking up whole cities from the Earth 's surface : `` What goes up , must come down . '' Sadly , he might have been talking about the franchise .
While this is utter nonsense for much of its runtime , overstuffed with people you will struggle to care about , and while its finale shamelessly begs a sequel , there 's still a -LRB- molten -RRB- core of wild entertainment beneath the hokum .
A silly , cheesy , spectacle-driven blockbuster with heart , Independence Day : Resurgence is a refreshing antidote to the grim and the serious sentiment we 've seen trending in sci-fi flicks of recent years .
Promising threads are left unfollowed , and after the initial excitement the story rapidly runs out of steam .
As spectacular as you 'd hope from a sequel to the 1996 planet-toaster , and as amusingly cheesy . You 'll enjoy yourself enough that you wo n't even miss Will Smith .
This is n't just lazy , it 's borderline nonsensical .
The most planet-smashingly boring sci-fi sequel in history ...
It 's ultimately hard to resist a film which is so confidently self-knowing .
An insanely OTT sequel to the already-ludicrous-enough alien invasion smash .
With a myriad of characters and intersecting narratives , it becomes somewhat overbearing to indulge in them throughout this convoluted endeavour .

@highlight

It 's undeniably visually impressive , but like its predecessor , Independence Day : Resurgence lacks enough emotional heft to support its end-of-the-world narrative stakes .