I started watching the film by thinking , `` They should film more of the comedies , '' and probably They still should , but I ended by thinking , `` They really ought to hire movie directors to make movies . ''
Where is Preston Sturges when we need him ?
A handsome , agreeably performed rendition that fails to ignite much laughter or any real emotion .
Why Nunn chose to set this version in the 1890s is a little baffling .
The direction is assured , and the cast is masterly .
A comic meditation on desire , disguise and inherent bisexuality .
Another fine film version of the Bard 's work ...
Focuses on the twists and turns in the giddy game of life .
Not to be missed .
An entertaining movie . No more , no less .
Only fitfully do the actors actually seem to become the characters they are playing .
Shakespeare aficionados will probably be pleased that so much of the written word has made it to the screen , but the two-plus hour running length is a bit burdensome .
Bonham Carter , who has grown wonderfully as an actress , walks the thin line between love and comedy ...
British director Nunn does n't always take advantage of the play 's comic possibilities . But he creates absorbing , original moments -- in the unlikeliest of places .
Twelfth Night is blessed with a first rate cast , all of whom have bought into Nunn 's vision .
The adaptation of the text is quite literal , but the passion and the chemistry is not up to par .
The autumn chill suffusing this film is right in line with the play 's constant song of death and loss .
Nunn has done a very good job of keeping the humor and vitality of Shakespeare intact ...
Stage director Trevor Nunn has n't exploited it in his film of the chaotic Bard farce , which delivers only fitfully on goodwill the play automatically beckons .
An innovative and imaginatively rendered version of Shakespeare 's funniest play .
Carter plays the slightly unstable Olivia with comic efficiency .
Twelfth Night may be uneven , but is still largely appealing , thanks to the talented cast and the unique design of the film .
This is the film to take a Shakespeare fan to see so he will understand why so many people do not care for Shakespeare .









@highlight

Director Trevor Nunn makes some questionable choices , but his stellar cast -- which includes Helena Bonham-Carter , Ben Kingsley , and Nigel Hawthorne -- more than rises to the material .