Southland Tales wo n't fill everyone 's tank with Fluid Karma , but its edgy , slightly demented flavor is entertaining .
As in Kelly 's previous film , Southland 's flaws , and its scope , are magnificently earnest ; the guy is in way over his head , but his flailing is extravagant .
As the follow-up to his debut feature , the unexpectedly enduring teen-movie/sci-fi hybrid Donnie Darko , writer-director Richard Kelly has crafted an even more ambitious and far-reaching story
Writer-director Richard Kelly throws a lot at the wall . The problem , if that 's what we should call it , is that everything sticks . That 's bad news for those who like some narrative clarity , and great news for those who enjoy bonkers wall art .
Unusual and extremely ambitious with an alternate reality that is entirely absorbing ; Southland Tales is Richard Kelly 's magnum opus that only a small few are able to recognize . Thankfully , those small few are pimps . And pimps do n't commit suicide .
Not much improvement over the vfirst , severely flawed version .
Dude , I have no idea .
The brilliance of Southland Tales is inextricable from its flaws , if indeed they are flaws .
Has the galvanic pulse of a filmmaker trying things out , failing , and trying again
It 's the sort of experience you feel embarrassed about even though you had nothing to do with it , because it 's not just a mess , it 's a pretentious mess
This is not just another hodgepodge of a movie that 's all noise and excess ; writer / director Richard Kelly has a point here ; he has plenty to say .
The type of incoherent , indulgent muddle that can only emerge from the mind of someone who is quite talented .
I 'll give it this : Southland Tales is never boring .
entirely misdirected , and the film never gels or even makes sense
Although it 's by any reasonable means a flawed film , Southland Tales demands watching , if only for its cinematic achievements .
Sets up such a pretense of intellectualism it fools its audience into believing it 's on a plane they ca n't understand ...
A subversive and annihilistic satire on America , lurching from black comedy to farce , from dramatic insight to superficial jokes
When it 's not being obstinately stupid , Southland Tales is just difficult to watch .
While Donnie Darko is a fine film regardless of your level of sobriety , Richard Kelly 's sophomore effort most definitely is not .
I hope Kelly 's career survives Southland Tales , unless , that is , he plans to make more movies like this .
They 've left it late , but writer-director Richard Kelly -LRB- Donnie Darko -RRB- and his team have gone and scooped The Independent 's Worst Film of 2007 award - against stiff competition , too .
Frustrating and finally rather pointless .
Whether this is a demented B-movie or a comment on demented B-movies is hard to say . It is horribly fascinating , if not for the full 150 minutes .
The film has a dated feel - it has more in common with 1960s-style wacky satire than the cutting edge of 21st-century cinema .
A hypnotic disaster that 's truly fascinating - if only for all the wrong reasons .
There 's too much sizzle and not enough steak .
Southland Tales finally emerges as an admirably bold dud . Trying to sum up EVERYTHING that 's wrong in the world in one kaleidoscopic go , it 's messy , misshapen and curiously muffled . Seems the world does end with a whimper after all .
By the climax , his truly ambitious , truly flawed film finally disappears into the ` time-space rift ' -LRB- or whatever -RRB- to achieve some sort of cosmic transcendence .
A bold and sometimes garbled take on modern American politics , this nevertheless marks an effective and surprisingly funny comeback for a film that many deemed to be DOA .
No doubt some will dismiss it as an overlong , incoherent mess , but others -LRB- myself included -RRB- will emerge , bleary-eyed and brain-battered , just wanting to see the whole thing all over again .
If Mulholland Drive had a prettier , younger , and developmentally-challenged sister , it would be Southland Tales .
Southland Tales really is a guy movie , right down to all the sci-fi , comic book and porn references ...
It 's as though Kelly has taken all his obsessions and interests and tried to jam them into one narrative , no matter how admirably diverse and incompatible they are .
An incomprehensible , self-indulgent mess of post-apocalyptic anxiety and political paranoia , a confusion of half-baked social critiques , pop-culture references , sci-fi whimsicalities , and anti-corporate satire straining for significance .
Richard Kelly 's wildly ambitious and widely loathed Southland Tales now seems among the most believable works of film futurism ever made in this country .
One of the most confusing , ridiculous , pretentious and disastrous cinematic train wrecks I 've ever seen .
Unlike the world , Southland Tales starts with a bang but ends with a whimper . Richard Kelly 's opus of a film is little more than sensory overload meant to look like a political statement on the state of privacy , the war , news and celebrities .
It 's not hard to understand . It 's just who would care about what this is about ?
Southland is ridiculous in much the same way the Austin Powers movies are , but it 's played straight .
By the time the movie rolls into its third hour , it 's exhausted most of its comic energy , leaving you disoriented and unable to remember much of what you just saw .
The actors barely comprehend their lines . The pop-culture references are lame . Nearly every moment falls flat . And it 's boring .
Immature , crude , poorly made and a waste of time .
No amount of reworking could salvage what was a misbegotten and unfunny idea to begin with .
You ca n't be both political and incoherent .
Even if the world Kelly 's concocted always seems screamingly incoherent , you have to hand it to him . He 's made a movie of our messy times that 's too ambitious to settle for merely capturing the mess . It actually is the mess .
A rambling and incoherent vision of the near future , Southland Tales proves a major disappointment from the talented Richard Kelly .
Consequently , I can recommend it to ` enhanced interrogation ' practitioners who are tired of waterboarding .
The movie 's failure to come together -- indeed to make sense for most of its 144 minutes , each one passing with the speed of molasses -- is a major disappointment .
There 's barely a trace of substance to Kelly 's fiasco , nor anything like a so-bad-it 's - good vibe .
A Schwarzeneggerian actor , related to a political dynasty , has been kidnapped , replaced with a double , and -- I give up . A plot synopsis would require that the movie have a plot .
Kelly might be biting of more than he can chew , and he certainly does n't know how to conceptualize the full smorgasbord of imaginings floating deep inside his brain , but he does make a gorgeously invigorating mess that is for sure .
Fun graphics , beautiful photography and great special effects will not save this tedious and self-absorbed epic from a direct trip to the DVD bin . The horse is beaten to death and even the bottled energy ca n't bring it back .
Southland Tales resembles nothing less than a vintage Godard , with a brainstorm full of ideas roiling and lurching and looking for purchase .
Kelly has unquestionably given us a bold and challenging work that is alive and kicking in every frame .
Writer/director Richard Kelly misses the mark with this bubbling stew of images and ideas that never quite congeals into a viable film .
There 's more . Much more , all of it absurd and confusing . That is n't necessarily meant as a complaint .
A few scenes work , but many more do n't . Southland Tales may be one feature film that will play better in bits and pieces on the Internet .
Southland Tales delivers equal parts overwrought tedium and mind-bending beauty , spiked with brilliant throwaway images that more than make up for Kelly 's heavy-handed hot-button pretensions .
Apocalyptic thriller is too apoplectic for most .
Dizzyingly incoherent and subversively surreal , this sophomore effort from the man who made the great , strange Donnie Darko is certain to have its fans . I 'm not going to be one of them .
Southland may be ambitious in its genre-defying abandon , sideswiping science fiction , satire , film noir and melodrama along the way , but it 's also exasperatingly convoluted , self-amused and politically sophomoric .
We 're plunked down in the middle of an apocalyptic mess . This time the mess is not so much addressed as embodied by the film itself -- but damned if it does n't roll around in your head a while .
Compared to the seemingly unsalvageable disaster Kelly screened at Cannes , this overcooked folly is a miraculous , Frankensteinian resurrection . Maybe this is grading on a curve , but I 'd always rather have an excess of ambition than the opposite .
Messier than a 2-year-old in a pool of pudding .
Kelly seems to think that to merely mention Fallujah or global warming -- or to name a bank after Karl Rove -- is the same as actually having an opinion about them .
It 's enough to make you hope that a full-blown musical is in Kelly 's future .
There 's enough happening here to fuel an entire TV series , with melodramatic excesses , wild mood swings and sitcom-style slapstick .
Somewhere beneath all the layers of idiocy are some good ideas -- if only Kelly knew how to express them .
With boundless ambition far exceeding his ability to tell a coherent story , Kelly manages only an artistic apocalypse .
... the lowest movie of the last nine years . There 's political satire ostensibly buried somewhere in Kelly 's muddy cinematic slop , but you 'll never be able to stain it out . Blech !
The plot revolves around a film-within-a-film gimmick that , like the rest of the film , comes off only half-baked .
Southland Tales is one of the smartest , funniest , most audacious -- and most mournful -- films of the year .
Reminiscent of the fiction of Kurt Vonnegut , with its mix of sci-fi mythology , absurdist humor and political outrage .
Southland Tales contains stuff as uproariously out-there as anything in Kubrick 's Dr. Strangelove and as unnervingly subversive as Frankenheimer 's The Manchurian Candidate .
Every time -LSB- writer-director Richard -RSB- Kelly manages to build up a halfway decent head of comic froth ... he blows it with some god-awful portent or `` statement . ''
As the plot becomes more convoluted and the movie goes haywire , what saves it are its sardonic details .
Spending $ 12 and 2 1/2 hours -LRB- 30 minutes less than the Cannes cut -RRB- on something as aggressively bad as Southland Tales is not something I can recommend with a clear conscience .
Southland Tales is a funny , audacious , messy and feverishly inspired look at America and its discontents .
Incoherent bluster that 's meant to be as much a satirical take on the post-9 / 11 world as Dr. Strangelove was on the Cold War era , but fails miserably in every respect .
The very incoherence of Southland Tales is something like an argument , its many pieces and pronouncements a deconstructive challenge to world order .
it 's a cautionary tale about the inevitable endgame of tasteless , artless , `` alternative '' culture .
Southland Tales is a monumentally bad film , a landmark in 21st century cinematic awfulness . There 's no real meaning to be found here ; it 's all signifiers for half baked ideas that Richard Kelly never managed to turn into anything worthwhile .
Kelly might yet develop into an important filmmaker , but this undisciplined effort demonstrates the downside of a creative mind with no filter .
Kelly seemed to have a lot on his mind when he assembled this movie , and it looks as if he put it together thinking it would be his last .
A gonzo , unsettling , semi-coherent , barnstorming near-masterpiece that had me glued to my seat in anticipation of witnessing how far this multi-dimensional funhouse of madness could go .
There are so many ideas sliding into Kelly 's swirling vortex of pop culture overload and apocalyptic forecasting that it 's understandable not to find coherence in it .
This is how the review starts , not with overwhelming praise , but confused disappointment .
In a world of mediocre , formulaic fare that is like everything else that has come before it , Southland Tales stands invigoratingly apart from the crowd . It 's ballsy , fascinatingly different and thoroughly commendable .
Ultimately no more than an agglomeration of such high-caloric , giddy treats .
Fitfully engaging but half-baked .
A colleague recently burbled to me that Southland Tales is `` the worst movie of the year , '' and I could not disagree more . Yes , it 's astonishingly bad , but it 's far too demented to warrant that ultimate dishonor .
Imagine world populated entirely by Donnie Darkos . That 's Southland Tales , and it takes only a few minutes for it to become completely unhinged .
Pointless , rambling , and irritating .
Southland Tales has a mood unlike anything I 've seen : dread that morphs into kitsch and then back again . It 's a film that tried my patience , and one I could n't shake off .
An example of a sophomore jinx encountered by radically experimental directors after their first effort proved to have more traction with audiences and critics than they had anticipated .
In its willful , self-involved eccentricity , Southland Tales is really something else . Kelly 's movie may not be entirely coherent , but that 's because there 's so much it wants to say .
If Donnie Darko was Kelly 's Eraserhead , then maybe Southland Tales is his Dune , an unfortunate folly before a more substantial , velveteen Blue period .
Swings from dark comedy to political message film to science fiction , with occasional dips into noir , religion and even a musical number featuring Justin Timberlake .

@highlight

Southland Tales , while offering an intriguing vision of the future , remains frustratingly incoherent and unpolished .