It 's like a spectacular roadside accident : you ca n't turn away .
One of the things that the film also explores , quite consciously , is how the music industry is actually designed to work against artists .
As tempest-in-a-teapot music documentaries go , Dig ! is entertaining-especially if you like the good psychedelic-rock groups Brian Jonestown Massacre and/or the Dandy Warhols .
fulfills the function and promise of all great documentaries
This remarkable first feature by Ondi Timoner transcends its subject matter by engaging our emotions and making us care about the likes of Anton Newcombe , even if we do n't like him very much .
-LSB- An -RSB- unflinching look at the rock world .
DIG ! is also brave enough to show the real , ugly warts of the music business , whereas more established bands would probably prefer a polished , PR-approved vision .
Newcombe is clearly as troubled as he is talented , maybe more .
This amped-up rockumentary doubles as an essay on self-destruction .
Timoner has shaped the incidents for a melodramatic effect , giving us good guys who prosper and a bad guy who self-destructs .
Consistently funny and brutally honest , Dig ! is a great addition to the rockumentary genre .
A vibrant and vivid documentary masterwork .
Erratic , tragic , and absolutely hilarious : Dig ! is fantastic filmmaking .
Linked together by the deadpan , melancholy drawl of Taylor 's narration , it 's filled with parasites , charlatans and oddballs . Not to mention a succession of wonderful songs .
Utilizando imagens capturadas ao longo de sete anos , Timoner cria um autêntico -LRB- e fascinante -RRB- arco narrativo , estabelecendo brilhantemente a trajetória de seus anti-heróis .
A messy home movie about the competition between two overindulged rock bands . Much angst . Little talent .
It 's a classic music soap opera , but never told with a more raw scream for help at its center .
I must admit that I came out of DiG ! with a certain degree of admiration for Newcombe -- and for this documentary .
Frequently jaw-dropping doc , which exposes rock for the hilarious and harrowing undertaking it is .
The film is so candid and real that it 's like watching a friend slip into the morass of addiction , obsession , and pig-headed self-absorption .
About the best sounding traffic accident I 've ever seen ...
An amazing documentary that should be required viewing for every garage band dreaming of hitting the big time .
Obsessed with two insignificant musical acts .
Here I am , no particular fan of either group , and I found the film immensely enjoyable , like watching an especially hilarious trainwreck as it happens .
Neither band would necessarily merit its own doc , but together they create an arresting portrait of working rock musicians .
It 's a perceptive , surprisingly straightforward film , one that recognizes you do n't need to jazz things up with ` edgy ' graphics or camera tricks when there 's already so much drama on-screen .
In a year that has seen several fascinating documentaries on famous rock stars and their problems , Dig ! stands out for being about musicians who only think they should be famous . And , man , do they have problems .
Its power comes from Timoner sticking with the story over the long haul -- on the road , in hotel rooms , backstage -- getting in-your-face footage and telling a good tale with it .
I had my fill with both band leaders stroking their own egos and calling themselves artists .
Dig ! is a mesmerizing portrayal of the madness called `` rock star , '' and a gripping look into the souring of a friendship founded in ambition .
An electrifying and poignant double biography of two west coast bands ... a sort of rock equivalent of ` Hoop Dreams , ' substituting music for basketball .
There 's nothing cautionary in DiG ! that you could n't learn by renting the 1986 Sex Pistols-related biopic Sid and Nancy -- or exploring the commercially still-born yet revered career of the Velvet Underground .
Impressively made , riveting documentary that 's both funny and heart-breaking in equal measure .
Like the equally excellent Crumb , DiG ! covers some seven years , and so it really gets into the characters .
Most of the movie gets its interest from musicians overestimating their own importance .
Dig ! strikes it rich by contrasting the stories of two bands going in different directions and the animosity that builds between them .
Timoner began to document the two bands seven years ago in the expectation that there would be a story . And so there is .
Ultimately undermined by the fact that the two rock bands Timoner chose to focus on -- the Brian Jonestown Massacre and the Dandy Warhols -- simply do n't matter as much as she thinks they do .
I do n't know that I 've seen a film that better captures the tension between authenticity and ambition that bedevils modern rock music -- the sense that a mass audience is something to be desired and detested at one and the same time .
If the friendship - gone-awry story fizzles , Dig ! works as a clear-eyed cautionary tale for rock bands .
What makes the movie powerful is Timoner 's decision to structure it via Taylor 's perspective on his competitor , with no holds barred .
After watching your -LSB- Anton 's -RSB- tantrums , abuse and addiction in DIG ! I went straight to the record store to buy your music . And that 's something .
It 's a teeming , steaming , bubbling stew , a tremendous good time , a rich entertainment and a heck of a lesson in music , human etiquette and the politics of making it -LRB- or not -RRB- in show biz .
Indie doc tracing indie rock bands boils down two bands , eight years , thousands of fans and infinite ambition into 105 minutes of standout filmmaking .
A genuine rock mockumentary . Cautionary ? Naw , but sometimes scary , often hilarious and always engrossing .
... so unbelievable at times , so violent , so stupid and so funny -- though not always on purpose -- that you wonder if the whole thing is a spoof .
Through that mixture of luck and diligence that makes the best documentaries , Timoner offers a resonant , often painfully funny , drama about two good friends who become enemies against the backdrop of the pop-music business .
DIG ! is part post-grunge version of A Star is Born , part Cain and Abel fable of split fraternal affinities , and part reiteration of the oldest story in rock music : the impossibility of reconciling success with integrity .
The film ends up producing a sensation similar to the one that comes with discovering a good new band or album .
The movie has become a kind of highway-safety film for the rock community .
Filmmaker Ondi Timoner followed the entangled rise of these two bands from the Pacific Northwest with an obsessive compulsive 's eye for detail .
Captures the infantile fantasies of rock 'n' roll 's self-made messiahs with an honesty that is rare in today 's MTV world of promotional entertainment .
It invites those of us who are n't alt-rock obsessives into the hive , yet it never feels like a dilettante 's tour .
Makes the case for both bands as among the top-rank in the indie biz , although the film could use more concert footage .
... an entertaining after-party 's worth of posturing musicians and wild debauchery that is utterly forgettable the morning after .
An unusually insightful rockumentary , and filmmaker Ondi Timoner provides a comprehensively candid look at two hugely talented indie bands over the course of seven years .
It 's a fascinating film that manages to touch on subjects as diverse as mental illness and what 's wrong with the record industry , set to brilliant music by the one of the best bands you 've probably never heard .
The only tension here is if Newcombe will follow in the footsteps of his band 's namesake , Rolling Stones ' multi-instrumentalist Brian Jones , and OD .
Director/producer Ondi Timoner captures some fantastically outrageous footage .
What emerges is a fascinating portrait of an artist as a self-destructive young man - Brian Jonestown 's resident `` mad genius , '' Anton Newcombe , whose drug and drink-fueled antics on and offstage make Jim Morrison look like Jim Nabors .
So , you think rock stardom sounds like fun ? Hold on to your drumsticks , then , for this hilarious and at times heartbreaking cautionary tale .
Timoner does n't intrude on the events being filmed or impose editorial comment on what the audience is watching , and there 's no need to .
The movie , which was seven years in the making , plays like a mid - '90s `` Amadeus . ''
Beyond the lure of going intimately behind the scenes with two excellent indie outfits -LRB- one drastically underappreciated -RRB- , DIG ! offers fascinating insights into how some vivid personalities fare in the music industry .
-LSB- A -RSB- kinetic tale of the love-hate relationship between the Dandy Warhols ' Courtney Taylor and the Brian Jonestown Massacre 's Anton Newcombe .
While DiG ! does n't offer much new in its histrionical hair-tearing about the music industry , it does make for an interesting character study
A hip documentary that probes seven years in the lives of two competing rock bands .
It basically boils down to : This is your band - this is your band % u2026 on drugs .
Dig ! a new documentary by Ondi Timoner , gives a cinema verite spin to the endlessly fascinating pop-music soap opera formula of VH1 's Behind the Music .
DiG ! is a must-see for anyone interested in the music scene , anyone not interested in the music scene , and anyone in the music scene .
a striking original chronicle comparing two rival bands
Timoner followed Newombe 's band , the Brian Jonestown Massacre , and its archrival , the Dandy Warhols , for seven years and has put together some amazing footage of the rock life at its most exalted and most mundane .


@highlight

So you wan na be a rock 'n' roll star ? Dig ! compellingly chronicles the ups and downs of the Dandy Warhols and the Brian Jonestown Massacre , two ambitious bands whose love/hate relationship embodies many of the potential pratfalls of the music business .