Naturally works with Bryan Cranston portraying the real-life historical figure ; he 's not only an amazing actor but in many ways looks and sounds like the real Dalton Trumbo
A compelling portrait of an intelligent man 's fight during a time when irrational fear had this country in its grip . Helen Mirren , as Hedda Hopper , personifies all of the discrimination and petty ignorance that fueled it .
The last scene of the film alone is worth the ticket price .
It 's the best thing Bleeker Street has released so far - which means it 's just okay .
This all sounds rather grim and ever-so slightly worthy stuff , but Cranston 's performance brings it properly to life , capturing not just the charisma of the man and his love of words but also his extraordinary lifestyle .
Trumbo took full advantage of his wit and the power of language to not only garner fame and glory , but to also highlight the absurdity , injustice and utter un-American behavior of those behind the blacklisting .
-LSB- Bryan -RSB- Cranston plays Trumbo with an edgy , raging wit .
Trumbo ... is duly a study in Tinseltown razzle-dazzle , complete with gorgeous costumes and set designs , original film footage , zinging one-liners , and enough hokum to hurt our teeth even as we 're pumping our fists in the air .
All the Hollywood stars in the world can not make up for a watered-down , squeaky clean and formulaic script and production-and this is the unfortunate reason that the real Trumbo is turning , like a rotisserie chicken , in his grave .
Director Jay Roach does n't do much right , but he certainly knows his money shot .
Revealing . Fascinating . Entertaining .
Starring the very talented Bryan Cranston as the titular character , the film is not only a successful character study and biopic , it is also an engaging and entertaining glimpse at a very dark time in Hollywood 's history .
Tennessee Williams once described screenwriting as `` the funniest but most embarrassing thing that ever happened to me '' ... -LSB- Trumbo -RSB- sadly does not contain any such moments of amusement or levity .
A sturdy and solidly unremarkable portrait of a fascinating period in Hollywood history , Trumbo is glossy , old-fashioned fun anchored by a magnetic , theatrical turn from Cranston .
Trumbo is a solid effort made close to unmissable thanks in large part to Cranston 's magnificence , the resulting biopic a gripping return to a Hollywood of yesteryear where the themes being examined could n't be more appropriately timely .
Trumbo 's biggest misstep is in sacrificing an aura of authenticity for gaudiness in its attempts to capture an unsavory era of American filmmaking .
Trumbo just feels a bit too much like all those sainthood biopics that appear around Oscar season , with their sheen of `` quality '' and simplistic righteousness that defines the genre .
Newcomers who are lured in by the solid cast wo n't find a lot to grab on to here , story-wise .
I assume Cranston 's Oscar nomination was in recognition of not dying of shame when he 's obliged to explain Communism to his daughter during a scene lit and staged like an ad for chlamydia medication .
Credit must go to Cranston for giving this lean film some heft .
Handsomely designed , if schematic .
For all the smart people involved in its making , and for all the smart people it 's about , this is not a movie that 's all that interested in complexity - in either its storytelling or its morality .
Cranston presents a convincing characterization of Trumbo , but the real star is prodigious Helen Mirren as the venomous Hedda Hopper . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Bryan Cranston creates a character with many layers , believable , extravagant and admirable . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Trumbo is eficient entertainment lacking any type of personality . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Saved by Cranston 's leading role , this movie breathes also through the political turmoil it denounces . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
The movie 's greatest treat is Cranston , whose star-making turn in AMC 's `` Breaking Bad '' has finally afforded him the starring big screen turn he 's always deserved .
The story is a neat mix of politics , Hollywood manipulation , and family life .
Apart from being a magnificent screenwriter , Trumbo had a crushing personality , which makes Bryan Cranston 's casting all the more perfect . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
A film that does justice to screenwriter Dalton Trumbo . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
In his 1st project on the serious side , after movies like The Campaign , Dinner for Schmucks & Meet the Parents , Jay Roach delivers a rather fine job .
A story so incredible as the fact that Hollywwod was out for a with hunt . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film so well built it also allows to explore the social and economic state of things at the time and how it affects Trumbo and his personal life . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Making it unbelievably hard not to root for the protagonist , Cranston - nominated for his first Academy Award for the role - keeps Trumbo alive even when its script threatens to do otherwise .
Trumbo is an off-putting film because it tries to use historic truth to whitewash history for ideological purposes that make the past just an innocuous memory .
The fabric that holds `` Trumbo '' together is the love story of the writer and his devoted , long-suffering wife , Cleo . As played by Diane Lane , Cleo emerges as Trumbo 's most ardent supporter and most honest critic .
It 's repetitive in places but Trumbo is a moderately interesting character study . It 's not putting Dalton Trumbo on a pedestal and asking for him to be declared a saint .
Cranston is a treat in this tribute to a brilliant writer 's principled stand .
Absolutely sterling , compelling drama about the notorious Hollywood blacklist of the 1940s and '50s ... Bryan Cranston -LRB- Breaking Bad -RRB- puts in a career-high turn as screenwriter Dalton Trumbo .
Director Jay Roach imbues this biopic with the same personality as its subject : it is avuncular , wry and forgiving .
Bryan Cranston is irresistible as Dalton Trumbo in this sparkling period drama surrounding the Hollywood Ten .
If you are vaguely aware of his peerless reputation -- or of the noble stand Trumbo took during a dark time in American history -- then you 'll be content enough with this basic biopic of the man . Even if it is n't a helluva movie .
The film is a labour of love for Bryan Cranston , as Trumbo . As Hollywood 's greatest screenwriter , embattled but not beaten , he embodies the old Hemingway definition of courage : `` grace under pressure '' .
Louis C. K. delivers a gentle and touching performance as fictitious screenwriter Arlen Hird that gives the film its emotional centre ; though why Roach and McNamara needed to introduce a fictional character ... is n't immediately clear .
Bryan Cranston shines in this remarkable true story about one of the darkest periods in Hollywood 's history .
The end result is a noble-intentioned attempt to pay tribute to the man responsible for writing Spartacus , Roman Holiday , The Brave One , and Papillion , but one that feels all too familiar in the way that it has been put together .
Some have quibbled over the fact that Elliott and Stuhlbarg do n't look much like Wayne and Robinson here but it hardly matters as their performances are so strong , and they 're matched by a large and luminous cast .
It 's full of both gravitas and titillation , as perhaps any true story is ; there is the destruction of lives and careers on one hand , and the spectacle of the players on the other - with Hollywood stars of the 40s and 50s as more or less support players
With elements that include politics , star power , glamour and money , there is plenty of bite in Trumbo . It 's a crackling good tale
With a top-notch cast and a compelling story , Trumbo delivers a fascinating piece of cinema history that easily ranks as one of the best films of 2015 .
Bryan Cranston does a remarkably effective job of impersonating the man who played such a key role in the era of the McCarthy blacklist , from his raspy voice to his distinctive cigarette holder and his pungent sense of humour .
Despite the dark subject matter there 's much levity courtesy of Trumbo 's droll wit , plus a roll call of Hollywood legends , including Kirk Douglas , Otto Preminger and an ebullient B-movie producer , Frank King , played with gusto by John Goodman .
Even if you know a lot about the period , Trumbo is still full of telling detail and Bryan Cranston 's heartfelt performance as the remarkably driven and engagingly human Trumbo makes it well worth catching .
One day , perhaps , an HBO mini-series will tackle this cultural face-off and blow our minds . In the meantime , check out Trumbo .
Alongside flagging up Otto Preminger 's unsung role in returning Trumbo 's name to the screen , what gives Roach 's movie bite is the depiction of the writer 's family and the toll that his actions and allegiances take upon them .
A small portion of the debt is repaid in a biopic that veers from the pedestrian to the ludicrous to the indecently entertaining .
An entertaining film about sobering true events , this is the story of notorious screenwriter Dalton Trumbo , who defied McCarthy 's communist witch-hunt hearings in the late-1940s and was blacklisted by Hollywood for more than a decade .
Fast , funny , if a little flimsy .
Steeped in cigarette smoke and pinko-paranoia , Trumbo delivers a suitably noirish take on one of Hollywood 's less glorious eras .
Trumbo is a fascinating portrait of a time when suspicion could end a promising career , and Bryan Cranston earns an Oscar nomination for his stellar portrayal of the Hollywood screenwriter .
The film itself is very uneven . Any texture , depth and pathos here resides in the central performance .
Cranston is good , very good , here , but let down by a meandering drama that lacks cojones .
Trumbo does n't stray far enough from spot-the-famous-person and comic melodrama to get to any deeper understanding of the human fallout of this shameful and divisive chapter in Hollywood history .
It feels terrestrial rather than cinematic , but the joy of Trumbo is in the heroism of its subject and an amazing performance from Cranston .
Cranston is superb . The Breaking Bad actor , in best form , is an attack dog : he goes at lines like a mutt at a mutton bone .
Trumbo is no masterpiece , but the story of a writer imprisoned in America for his political beliefs needed to be told .
A beautifully crafted , sharply-written affair that 's simultaneously inspirational and heart-breaking .
Unfortunately , relevance does n't necessarily mean narrative quality . -LSB- Full review in Portuguese . -RSB-
Hardly free of the bluster that is the hallmark of prestige pictures about ` serious ' subjects , but there 's a certain breeziness to Trumbo that keeps it from delighting in its own importance .
Cranston commands the screen , but this biopic is regrettably wooden
A number of films have been made about the Hollywood blacklist , but this one takes you inside that world . Bryan Cranston gives an amazing performance as Dalton Trumbo , who fought back against the blacklist in his own way , and won .
A timely reminder of our First Amendment rights which which simultaneously settles the score in favor of a disgraced Freedom of Speech proponent .
There 's a good story in here somewhere .
Overall arc of suffering is treated like a cartoon in Roach 's hands . He is n't making a picture about a period , he 's making a period picture , diluting key moments of emotional devastation .
Trumbo has some fine performances , an important story , some entertaining scenes , and even a bit of humor . But it tries too hard to be a prestige film .
An ethically stirring biopicture about the courageous screenplay writer who triumphed over the Red Scare crusaders of the 1950s .
Potentially treacherous material for Cranston , but he avoids character clichés and delivers a richly entertaining riff on the man , who offered no apology for who he was and what he believed in .
For a film on a relatively serious subject there is surprising wit and suspense in this story of reluctant heroes .
Trumbo is a sometimes stiff but ultimately compelling collaboration between Bryan Cranston and director Jay Roach .
Trumbo is a film with something to say and the passion and wit to say it well .
Trumbo wants to be a statement on the value of standing on principle at a time when everybody else is running scared , and given the current political climate , it could have been incredibly timely . But it does n't have the power .
This well-crafted movie -LSB- is -RSB- as sprightly , clever , insightful , and absorbing as those Trumbo wrote himself .
Cranston brings style and brio to the part but his character rarely achieves three-dimensionality . The man who gave us Roman Holiday , Spartacus , The Brave One , Exodus , Papillon and dozens more deserves far better film treatment than he receives here .
It 's a great story ... under the direction of Austin Powers and Meet the Parents overseer Jay Roach , the film feels like a two-hour Saturday Night Live sketch without any jokes , all bad impressions ... and self-important speechifying .
Plays not as straight hagiography but rather as a portrait of a flawed hero ... Cranston gives a floridly theatrical leading performance in keeping with Trumbo 's wit ...
Its ` Saturday Night Live ' - esque parade of improbable celebrity impersonations kept me entertained : You 'd probably have to attend a Halloween party hosted by Turner Classic Movies to find a less convincing John Wayne , Kirk Douglas or Edward G. Robinson .
Like the man himself , the film is witty and entertaining , and it makes its points gracefully .
One of the year 's best films , Trumbo is alternately poignant , amusing , infuriating and always thought-provoking . It 's also a potent wake-up call for anyone not too lethargic to heed its alarm .
We are left with the painful irony that a film about a screenwriter so good that Kirk Douglas and Otto Preminger could n't live without him suffers from a dull and slow-moving script .
A great cast is hampered by a directorial approach that is more committed to period verisimilitude than a mining of the psychological depths .
Trumbo is ... a blast , even if the screenplay perversely lacks the energy of its title character , who is played with great wit and brio by Breaking Bad 's Bryan Cranston .
Trumbo leaves a door open for someone , sometime to make a better movie about the blacklisted screenwriter who lived long enough to be vindicated and honored .
Just hand Bryan Cranston the Oscar , the Golden Globe , etc. . The acting and the story about the importance of protecting the First Amendment is the year 's best movie . So far .
Roach is wise to highlight Trumbo 's wit and bemused lovability while taking the lashes of persecution .
It feels like you need a bit of a Google search now and then to anchor it , but in there pinning it all together handily is Cranston , who carries the film as effortlessly as Trumbo cranked out scripts for schlock projects .
An important and well-made film that 's worth seeing . -LRB- Full Content Review - Sex , Profanity , Violence , etc. - for Parents also available -RRB-
`` Trumbo '' is surprisingly fun to watch , with Jay Roach 's energetic direction paired with Bryan Cranston 's showstopping performance as blacklisted screenwriter Dalton Trumbo .
It 's a period piece full of colorful characters , natty costumes , jaunty music .
Cranston is theatrical and showy as Trumbo - his performance seems to come though his cigarette holder .
A fitfully entertaining biopic .
Takes a fiery character and a hot subject and cools them to lukewarm .
The screenwriter 's fallen angel story deserved a better screenplay than a superficial cable TV one .
Trumbo reminds us of a very dark time in America as well as Hollywood . Important but also hugely entertaining . Bryan Cranston nails it .
Cranston is a pro at mixing comedy and drama , often in the same moment . And it rewards the movie handsomely .
Sadly , while the casting and acting of much of Jay Roach 's film is great , on the whole it is n't up to Trumbo 's caliber .
The movie 's main idea seems to be that , in the end , people prefer movies to ideas . Or at least ideologies .
Fascinating piece of Hollywood history . Cranston is in the Oscar race .
A fun , highly watchable film .
Roach 's direction is pedestrian . He turns the picture into an earnest primer of the issues of the era and a road map of how Trumbo slowly resuscitates his career ...
Cranston 's performance is the motor that runs `` Trumbo , '' and that motor never idles , never flags in momentum or magnetism or idealistic scorn .
Cranston shows Trumbo 's public and private sides - giving full measure to his eccentricities without devolving into caricature .
Has the feel of a decent cable movie : though it 's watchable , you leave it certain that the man , and the situation he was forced into , are deserving of much better treatment .
In a movie explicitly about men stripped of their names , it seems exceptionally bad form to do the same in service of narrative expediency .
Marvelously balances the silly and the solemn . There 's almost a whiff of the Coen-esque in its slick sharpness , in its whistling past the graveyard .
Cranston seizes a starring role as blacklisted writer Dalton Trumbo .
Though there 's much to admire in the dull , dutiful Trumbo , there 's little to entertain .
If `` Trumbo '' tells us anything it 's that Hollywood needs the occasional firebrand who is n't afraid to challenge the status quo .
There are lectures aplenty here , and all of them lecture us on the same point .
Cranston shows us us the the active intelligence of the man who took his own struggle for freedom and turned it into one of the greatest lines in movie history .
the resulting film , entertaining throughout its highly necessary reminder of the cost of denying basic American rights , is n't consistent in its depictions of familiar faces , often resembling a parade of caricatures .
Trumbo is a corny , well-made B-movie about an A-list screenwriter who had to take jobs writing B-movies after he was blacklisted , but eventually worked his way back to writing A-movies with Kirk Douglas a.k.a. Spartacus as his champion .
While maybe not as hard-hitting a drama as one might hope , Trumbo is a very engaging , very interesting , and very entertaining look at a man who for many years was a pariah .
Bryan Cranston , star of AMC 's cult series Breaking Bad , melds aristocratic gravitas with working-class sentiment as the titular Dalton Trumbo .
It 's a history lesson told in breezy fashion , but that does n't make it any less important .
The logistics of how Trumbo survived , fronting a stable of other blacklisted writers and churning out his own work under various aliases , make for a great yarn .
Cranston 's connection with Trumbo 's struggle and frustration , and with his streak of canny practicality , could n't be stronger .
Director Jay Roach can not decide whether he wants this film to be a drama with a comedic moments , or a comedic satire with dramatic heft and that divide made way for somewhat of a staggered experience .
Trumbo may not be filling , but in certain snappy moments , it 's awfully tasty .
I very much enjoyed watching the uplifting `` Trumbo , '' despite a few speechifying monologues , flashes of clumsy exposition ... and often flat affect . Definitely , it 's a film worth seeing .
Bryan Cranston brings the complex personality of Trumbo to life with substance and humor .
Trumbo works as a history lesson about the Hollywood Blacklist , but less so as a satisfying movie , falling prey to the standard trap of trying to fit too many decades into one feature film .
Warm and witty , but essentially an R-rated TV movie/history lesson .
Trumbo stars Bryan Cranston giving a great performance in a movie that is highly entertaining while managing to shovel the history of the blacklist at the audience in every scene .
Naming names - the red baiting right ones this time instead . And a richly satirical roll call outing , along with redemption on screen , inflicted by McCarthyite state terror harm , done to the ensuing political PTSD damaged population and soul of a people .
This uneven but compelling biopic offers both historical perspective and contemporary resonance .
Jay Roach 's film does its job telling Trumbo 's important story - just not in an overly fascinating or creative way .
Trumbo brings to life a shameful period in recent American history .
Michael Stuhlbarg steals the movie as a beleagured Edward G. Robinson -LRB- who named names before the committee , including Trumbo 's -RRB- ; and Helen Mirren is nicely acidic as the red-baiting gossip columnist Hedda Hopper .
A barndoor broad prestige drama that all but invites historical revisionists to poke holes in it .
How could a movie about a great screenwriter have such a terrible screenplay ?
There 's much more of what Trumbo and his Hollywood Ten comrades were guilty of that this boring whitewash ignores , like the fact that they were dedicated Stalinist activists , using art as a weapon by inserting Communist propaganda in their films .
Screenwriters are so rarely taken seriously by the film industry that it 's a nice switch to watch them be the heroes .
It 's another of those simplistic , made-to-order films about the Hollywood blacklist in which the blacklisted movie folks are all innocent , in every conceivable way .
Ignore the `` rotten '' reviews here , at least if you are looking for superlative filmmaking combined with a timely message about how the rich and the reactionary combined to silence free speech .
Once in a while , it 's fantastic . But Trumbo mostly suffers from the now agreed-upon affliction we might call Important Biopic Syndrome .
Over the course of Trumbo , Cranston is funny , he is serious , he is smart , and he is almost enough to turn an okay movie into a great one . Almost .
`` Trumbo '' is timely in its portrayal of a moment when political speech is dangerously charged , yet unabashedly old-fashioned in the sincerity of its storytelling .
Part biopic , part historical gloss , `` Trumbo '' tells a great-man story with a patchwork of fact and fiction , mixing in the odd bit of newsreel with a great many dull , visually flat and poorly lighted dramatic scenes .
Trumbo is solid and satisfying , if far from revelatory .
Often simplistic and sometimes clumsy , the movie never quite gets how convoluted Dalton Trumbo 's convictions actually were .
A sly , admirable but single-minded bio-pic .
Trumbo was hauled out of Congress shouting about American concentration camps . How do you fail to find the drama in that ? Roach and McNamara find a way .
... one thing is certain : Dalton Trumbo would 've never written something like Trumbo .
A clean and agreeable biopic that restores some vitality to a fascinating episode in 20th-century cultural and political history .
A patchwork film that dives into whatever character is in focus at any given moment .
Ultimately the film is like so many projects that landed in Trumbo 's lap-several rewrites away from working .
`` Daddy , what 's a Communist ? '' a young girl on a pony asks her famous screenwriter father . You should brace yourself for this kind of exchange in Jay Roach 's earnest if too-soft biopic .
There 's a keen twinkle here that pops up sporadically among all the other real-life , if not necessarily true-to-life figures .
Sounds like a biopic slog , and sometimes it is . But Cranston is a powerhouse as Trumbo in his glory , speaking truth to power .
Like Jay Roach 's Game Change and Recount , the film 's patina of relative apoliticism masks -LRB- or enables -RRB- its blandness of inquiry .
You do n't have to know a thing about Trumbo , Hollywood or communism to enjoy watching Trumbo .
The film fails as a portrait , and it 's not much better at drama .
We are left with a near-heretical irony : thanks to this admiring tribute , our hero gets top billing at last , but was he not more beguiling , somehow , as a legendary figure in the shadows ?
Good-spirited , provocative and satisfying look at the great Hollywood screenwriter Dalton Trumbo .
Bryan Cranston delivers a powerhouse performance in this eloquent bio-pic , set during Hollywood 's most shameful era . .
Not only is the story engrossing - and true ! - sometimes upsetting , and always informative , but it 's also funny .
`` If every scene is brilliant , your movie is going to be monotonous , '' intones Dalton Trumbo . He 's damn right , and no movie shows it better than Trumbo .
Cranston is certainly unforgettable but Trumbo is by no means a one-man show .
Jon Stewart could not have done a better job skewering the far-right wing of our country .
It 's too cartoonish and cosy by half , a sort of Punch-and-Judy-show rendition of a fascinating man 's professional crisis .
If director Jay Roach is slow in getting the movie going , Trumbo is rewarding in the end .
Bryan Cranston gives the most outstanding film performance of his career to date as blacklisted Hollywood screenwriter Dalton Trumbo , who fought back and ultimately triumphed against his persecutors .
The mix of drama and humor works well here and comedic backgrounds of many of Trumbo 's stars becomes an incredible asset , adding almost perfect timing to many a line-reading .
Somewhere Dalton Trumbo can at least rest easy knowing that this time around the screenwriter wo n't get the lion 's share of the blame .
It 's a cracking good story , and Cranston does a great job portraying a man who made great sacrifices for his principles .
It 's not great cinema -- it 's pretty much just decent TV -- but Cranston 's fantastic , and it 's a story that 's certainly worth telling .
A surprisingly jaunty slice of Hollywood history that cuts a little deeper when it tries to illuminate the politics and injustice of the period .
McNamara 's breezy screenplay condenses complex events and an eventful life into a trim , accessible feature .
Roach and screenwriter John McNamara 's approach is leaden , thumping and pushing viewers to its themes instead of letting them come organically .
Bryan Cranston is superb in this entertaining , insightful look at the blacklist .
What Trumbo lacks for inspiration it makes up for with a high wattage ensemble , zippy dialogue , and unexpected modesty .
`` Its fiery central character is a big symbol of something that 's missing in Hollywood today . Where are the Dalton Trumbos of today ? ''
What makes the movie work are the lively performances , both from the supporting cast and from Cranston ...
`` Trumbo '' may be clumsy and overly simplistic at times , but it 's an important reminder of how democracy can fail ... and the strength of character it takes to fight the system .

@highlight

Trumbo serves as an honorable and well-acted tribute to a brilliant writer 's principled stand , even if it does n't quite achieve the greatness of its subject 's own classic screenplays .