The amount of tragedy delivered by this story would feel abusive if a lesser talent was at its center .
It quickly dawns as to why Jeon won so many awards for this performance ...
In a performance as raw and naked as I can recall seeing , Jeon navigates the ebbs and flows of Shin-ae 's grief .
There is a natural tendency to appreciate movies that are neat and concise . `` Secret Sunshine '' makes a striking argument for the antithesis .
Superbly observed study of a woman 's tortured spiritual odyssey , filled with honest drama , unexpected humor and brilliant revelations .
a wrenching , darkly comic and immersive work
It does n't touch the heart as much as it thinks it does .
Profoundly moving , intelligent and unflinching . It boasts a brave , emotionally devastating performance by Jeon Do-yeon .
The cinematic equivalent of prose that is clear , elegant and lyrical .
Buried in the year-end rush but one of the year 's best films .
Secret Sunshine is a frequently beautiful film with a cold , dark heart .
Brilliantly written , acted and directed , this is a work that evokes the Russian novel despite being a Korean film . Treats larger questions of life and death in the serious manner that they deserve .
-LSB- S -RSB- low portrait of damaged woman struggling against community expectations reveals universality -LSB- in -RSB- extraordinary Do-yeon who dramatically shifts gears again -LSB- and again -RSB- .
An exemplary examination of coping that expands to entail questions of morality , absolution and faith .
It is unlikely you are going to see a more palpable portrayal of grief this year than Jeon Do-yeon 's magnificent perfomance as Shin-ae in this Korean drama of the heart .
A secular hymn to the small triumphs and cavernous tragedies of the everyday , and to our awesome ability to cope .
Perfect for those wishing to enjoy a nice traumatizing time at the movies .
This exploration of grief in contemporary South Korea plods along adequately and intelligently .
Can a movie traumatize you in a good way ?
Even as the film piles awkwardness and suffering upon its character , it never feels exploitative or emotionally manipulative , maintaining a restrained tone entirely devoid of melodrama .
There 's more truth and wisdom in Secret Sunshine than I 've seen at the movies in a long time .
A compelling and poignant Koran film about a besieged widow 's journey into the far country of forgiveness .
Lee has a rare gift for depicting how the minor dissonance of everyday interactions eventually explodes into public displays of rage and despair .
The film is brave and unsparing -LRB- as is Jeon 's performance -RRB- and asks some challenging and disquieting questions ...
This fourth film from Lee Chang-dong , one of the leading lights in the new South Korean cinema , begins as a young widow moves to the small town of Milyang , where her late husband was born and where she plans to work as a piano teacher .
An uncompromising experiment in how much suffering a soul can take , both on screen and in one 's cinema seat .
Emotionally complex tale of a woman 's confrontation with the worst of fates .
In Lee 's fourth and most ambitious feature , Jeon Do-yeon gives a startlingly vivid performance as a woman coming to terms with unfathomable family tragedy .
An ambitious , almost novelistic pic by writer-helmer Lee Chang-dong that ultimately fails to dramatize its lead character 's conflicts in cinematic terms .


@highlight

Plumbing the depths of tragedy without succuming to melodrama , Chang-dong Lee 's Secret Sunshine is a grueling , albeit moving , piece of beautifully acted cinema .