The director openly displays the protagonist 's defects , but also his impressive intelligence ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Unfortunately the make-up on DiCaprio and Armie Hammer 's elder J. Edgar and Clyde was distractingly awful , so in the end , I guess the dress-up feel to the film could n't be avoided .
Not even Leo in top form can stop you clock-watching during this lengthy biopic .
I 'm just not sure even Eastwood knows exactly what to think of Hoover . As a result , `` J. Edgar '' is a deeply unbalanced film .
Anyone smell an Oscar ?
J Edgar Hoover , at least as presented here , was not a particularly interesting or likeable individual . It gets boring quickly .
A large , self-important , incident-by-incident biopic crammed with luxuriant period detail , laden with old-age make-up and powered by meticulous but riskless acting .
It 's a deeply silly movie . American history as kitsch , played out like a drag show .
With noirish lighting and most of the running time spent inside offices or cramped domestic rooms , Eastwood keeps the film claustrophobic , sometimes unpleasantly intimate .
The Hoover material is ugly and very American , and it might have made an authentic monster story . But the picture offered is muddled , cautious , and at cross purposes .
DiCaprio never measures up to the task of creating a plausible interpretation of what enabled Hoover to be both heroic and maniacal .
A lumbering miscalculation ...
Regardless of how you may feel about the film 's vision of Hoover 's private life , you have to respect J. Edgar for the conviction of its depiction . Very much like the resolve of the despotic man it so vividly portrays .
J. Edgar provides an intriguing look at one of America 's icons but Eastwood fails to deliver a cohesive narrative or enough compelling insight into his subject .
There is no better way to summarise the ways in which Clint Eastwood 's Hoover biopic fails : J. Edgar is just boring . It just is . It looks boring , it sounds boring , it feels boring , it IS boring .
The consistently negative study of Hoover , along with pell-mell story telling and a melodramatic and silly gay romance , make J. Edgar a disappointing film .
Self-serving , self-indulgent and about as dramatically effective as a school play .
Hoover 's magnetism derives from his intellect , certainty , power , and sense for myth-making , and DiCaprio bears that out with a performance of a man who himself may be constantly performing as though he has nothing to hide .
Despite the odd sharp observation , somehow J. Edgar comes off like the Max Fischer Players ' production of Serpico ... -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB-
A failure , but an interesting failure when you step back and contemplate the project as a whole . Not really anybody 's idea of a good time at the cinema that , though , is it ?
Needless to say , as J Edgar ages , DiCaprio flounders . It is simply preposterous for him to play a 77-year-old man ! All the elderly prosthetic make-up in the world can not disguise his adolescent cheekbones from beaming through .
A decent take on one of America 's most prolific political figures and people with an interest in American history will get a lot out of it
DiCaprio keeps the film afloat , but J. Edgar lacks any real controversy and never fully reaches deep within the man 's dark psyche .
Hoover may have been the sweetest , kindest , gentlest man in the world , or he may have been a ruthless bastard ; we would n't know from Eastwood 's cautious portrayal of him .
na senario poy se alla xeria eite tha ypefere ap ' thn epilektikothta ths istorikhs toy afhghshs , eite tha pnigotan sto camp ths psyxologikhs toy aitiologhshs , anti na metatrapei se psyxraimo apologismo twn kalwn prothesewn poy odhgoyn sthn kolash
Clint Eastwood 's direction lacks focus , most notably in the film 's pacing which makes J. Edgar 's two-hour-plus running time feel even longer than it is ,
Besides a rip roaring performance from Leonardo DiCaprio , J. Edgar suffers from the heavy handed direction of Clint Eastwood who manages to turn this biopic on one of the most notorious men of all time into an uninspired bore .
Is n't it high time that Eastwood cut loose and made that third Orangutan movie ?
the prolific veteran filmmaker , whose first feature as a director was released the same year as Spielberg 's career kick-starter Duel -LRB- 1971 -RRB- , enters his 80s with a rich and sophisticated biopic .
La detallada y convincente actuación de Leo DiCaprio -LRB- bajo quilos de maquillaje -RRB- es el principal atractivo de esta biografía de J. Edgar Hoover . Es cuando se desnuda su alma torturada que la película alcanza sus momentos más intensos .
It is a solid , expertly crafted biopic , and while it does n't dive as deeply into its enigmatic central figure as I 'd hoped it would that did n't make sitting in the theatre watching every single one of its 137 minutes any less enjoyable .
Jamais consegue oferecer qualquer tipo de resposta para perguntas obviamente importantes em uma biografia como esta , a começar pela mais relevante : quem era este homem ?
DiCaprio and Hammer work hard , but under Eastwood 's half-hearted direction they merely seem like teenagers - wearing their father 's suits , and with talcum powder salt-and-peppering their hair - out of their depth on a high school stage .
Clint Eastwood misses the target , again , with laboured , sombre drama .
DiCaprio does well to flesh out the figure beneath the fake jowls , wrinkles and liver spots , even if he does progressively resemble a waxworks dummy , but the film itself fails to come alive .
It 's enjoyable , too evenly paced , and much inferior to Larry Cohen 's 1977 The Private Files of J. Edgar Hoover , a lively act of revenge starring Broderick Crawford as the pathetic , paranoid puritan .
DiCaprio 's boyish looks do n't age well , no matter how talented the make up team . For those familiar with Hoover 's appearance , this is accentuated to a serious degree .
An elegant film from a classy filmmaker that will satisfy a discerning , intelligent audience
This muddled melodrama adds up to a missed opportunity .
Unfortunately , most will come out of viewing this film none the wiser about Hoover , but their faith in another DiCaprio triumph will be further endorsed .
Eastwood rather deftly suggests a man who is both naive and repressed , while making it clear that what really drove him was his work - and his ego .
Hoover was one of the darkest figures in US history but Eastwood and his scriptwriter have forgiven all in a hazy resignation to old age coming to everyone and love being what matters .
One part Charles Foster Kane to three parts Elmer Fudd .
Eastwood crafts a meticulous and elegiac portrait of the man , whose professional troubles were almost as fascinating as the rumours surrounding his close relationship with FBI assistant director Clyde Tolson .
Given that the man is among the most controversial figures of recent US history , making a film this tedious really takes some doing .
Without enough on-screen drama this can sometimes feel like a bum-numbing slog but it provides insight into Hoover 's career , brought to life by a stunning DiCaprio .
Hoover has been portrayed for so long by the Left as a monster that it 's refreshing to see Eastwood illuminate his achievements ...
The picture has many fine qualities and is a rewarding watch ...
J. Edgar is earnestly watchable . But it makes no contribution to a better understanding of Hoover ...
The effect of Hoover on America itself is largely ignored , its speculations are cramped , and its actors hampered with plastic , padding and wigs .
Eastwood 's sluggish biopic fails to unravel the heart of this polarising character as it hops back-and-forth in time , despite a fiery and charismatic performance from Leonardo DiCaprio .
-LSB- DiCaprio -RSB- pulls off this utterly thankless task better than you would imagine and a third best actor Oscar nomination surely beckons .
J. Edgar is not without its flaws but remains worth watching thanks to a terrific central performance from DiCaprio and strong support from Armie Hammer .
Uneven but not without interest and peppered with arresting moments , hopefully J. Edgar wo n't mark the last time Clint steps behind the camera .
A pleasing , intelligent film happy to describe Hoover 's behaviour as monstrous but too balanced and searching to damn him as a monster .
Like DiCaprio 's make-up , Clint Eastwood 's biopic tries to cover too much .
You keep wondering why anyone would bother with this spotty history lesson viewed through the distorted lens of such a despotic character and , much worse for dramatic purposes , apparently such a boring one .
Ultimately a film that offers compelling details of a powerful but peculiar figure but the full picture remains just as enigmatic as Hoover himself .
A handsome , ambitious period drama full of modern-day parallels .
One of the five best GLBT-themed narrative films of 2011 .
With so much material to choose from -LRB- career , filing innovations , politics , sexuality , ` secret files ' -RRB- , it is near-impossible to chronicle the life of J. Edgar Hoover in a feature film .
How Eastwood has managed to create so dull a film is actually quite stunning .
J. Edgar is a love story . The fact that one of the lovers is someone you would n't want at your dinner table means that the film is handsome , well crafted , but not nearly as involving as it might have been .
... a colossal misfire that is , above all else , downright boring for much of its overlong running time ...
As much as he wants to emulate Jimmy Cagney , Hoover appears during a couple of FBI team arrests to be too anxious to use his weapon . This translates -- awkwardly and obviously -- to his relationship with Tolson as well .
A laboured , morally questionable portrait of the would-be power broker that , moreover , is badly undermined by some dubious special-effects decisions .
The biggest problem with the film is its strict adherence to the familiar biopic formula of taking place entirely within a nest of flashbacks .
Eastwood has a nice touch as a filmmaker . He does n't succumb to the temptation to make Hoover into a caricature , a monster or a buffoon . He gives us a multi-faceted character with a lot of complexity , expertly portrayed by Leonardo DiCaprio .
A fascinating portrayal of a truly complicated and often unlikeable man .
Hoover 's lack of credibility as the narrator of his own story makes this yet another of Eastwood 's confrontations with America 's proud yet contradictory national history , as previously examined in such films as ` Unforgiven ' and ` Flags of Our Fathers . '
Not really a convincing and three-dimensional portrait of the life of Hoover .
Not only among the year 's worst films , but it marks the rock bottom of Eastwood 's output as director .
An intriguing story about a man who was at odds with himself and , in fact , his country at times , `` J. Edgar '' paints a portrait of the first director of the FBI .
The picture has more of a `` greatest hits '' feel , rather than the feeling of a comprehensive , vivid portrait of the man 's life .
DiCaprio again proves to be a chameleon capable of tackling any task set before him .
It 's a reliable film that in a fair-minded and caustic way adds to the legacy of Hoover as a powerful but compromised lawman ... .
The portrait is not sensationalistic -- and while I would n't go so far as to call it sympathetic , neither would I call it unsympathetic .
The sort of staidly respectable , competently directed biopic that gives a bad name to competently directed biopics , and possibly to respectability .
DiCaprio 's performance is something to admire , the movie around it less so .
... occupies a safe middle ground between exposé and unrequited romance ... . the opposite of an Oliver Stone smear job : a careful , rigorously fair-mined depiction of a man who deserved less and , in a bizarre way , more .
J Edgar and Incomplete Portrait
Ultimately , J. Edgar feels like more of a staid museum piece than a vital bit of moviemaking .
Between the cross-dressing and pleas of ` Please do n't leave me , Clyde ! ' brace yourself to see the vulnerable underbelly , literally and figuratively , of an anguished icon knocked off his pedestal .
cleverly uses the familiar tropes of the biopic against itself to blur the lines between verifiable fact , elaboration and pure speculation
Eastwood 's take on J. Edgar Hoover feels like a major miscalculation .
Exquisitely designed and directed , with finely tuned performances that shine even through some heavy make-up , this true story never quite succeeds in conveying its central relationship .
Clint Eastwood and Leonardo DiCaprio are to be commended for wanting to make an old-fashioned biopic , educating people on an American legend . But did they have to make it so long , boring , and uninformative ?
Goes wrong in just about every way that a biopic can go wrong . Plenty of wrong choices , starting with the makeup
High expectations but low delivery ; one of the major disappointments of the year
Performances by DiCaprio , Hammer and Dench make this Eastwood film worth your two-plus hours .
If there 's one thing that comes across stridently and passionately from Clint Eastwood 's curiously blah biopic ... it is this : Leonardo DiCaprio really wants an Oscar ...
Much to admire , but eventually becomes too laborious
A great performance inside just a good movie .
Long-winded and trite , this two-and-a-half-hour exercise in Oscar bait plays like a dramatized Wikipedia entry that has n't been edited for innuendo , half-truths and self-serving revisionism .
J. Edgar is a noble failure , but a failure all the same .
Interesting things happen onscreen , but there is an inexplicably empty , sterile feel to the whole affair .
Structural flaws that include inexplicable time flips all but derail Clint Eastwood 's otherwise thoughtful biopic of one of America 's more problematic historical figures .
The focus , for better or worse , renders this less a comprehensive biopic , more a Brokeback Bureau .
The history of J. Edgar Hoover 's life and the times in which he served are interesting , the man - and his character - are not .
Because Hoover is both complex and enigmatic , it 's no wonder that that ` J. Edgar ' is only fitfully engaging .
It 's so careful that it rarely rises above bland , even though its central figure is anything but .
Easily the best thing Eastwood has done in years , though that 's not exactly praise considering the director 's recent years include such turgid duds like Gran Torino , Invictus and Hereafter .
In the end , the reality comes from a physically and emotionally persuasive performance , with the stiff body language and precise diction of someone afraid to show weakness .
The movie has too many weaknesses to overcome . They include the heavy layers of prosthetic latex makeup on the aging characters , a desaturated color scheme draining the screen of vitality , a sparse piano-driven instrumental score , inconsequential ...
The man who early on in his career realized the power of having secret files on the biggest movers and shakers of his generation deserved better than this overprotective biopic treatment . For once , I 'd lobby for the Oliver Stone approach .
It 's a perfectly mediocre picture typical of award season , running too long with some good performances but lacking a definitive punch .
I suppose the ultimate failings of J. Edgar have to be laid at the feet of Clint Eastwood , which I hate to do because he continues to hold the title of ` senior citizen you 'd least want to tangle with in a bar fight . '
With the various historical figures and events just getting scant attention , the overall pic feels somewhat like a disjointed highlight reel , even if DiCaprio and Hammer are good -LRB- Parental Movie Review also available -RRB-
Somehow J. Edgar manages to be both epic and empty .
Leonardo DiCaprio is superb . The casting , costumes , and period-appropriate touches are flawless . But the film offers few sparks .
J. Edgar may be well-made and well-acted , but it 's also bloodless , unfocused and at times regrettably dull .
Usually the tautest of directors , Clint Eastwood has gone all slack here , allowing his subject to get completely away from him .
` Edgar ' worth investigating
Leonardo DiCaprio is not the first name that springs to mind as the embodiment of legendary FBI director J. Edgar Hoover-unlike , for instance , the title character in the upcoming remake of The Great Gatsby .
Eastwood delivers an entertaing enough Best Hits version of Hoover 's eventful life .
J. Edgar connects with viewers on an emotional level , charting the man 's complicated love affairs-with his mother , his secretary , his deputy and his country .
DiCaprio 's braying , scowling performance is reminiscent of an impersonator rather than a human being . His constriction works hand-in-jowl with this straight-jacketed film that , other than make-up , displays few layers .
Directed with a steady hand , `` J. Edgar '' is a film with much more flash then substance . A straight-forward biography , the film moves along evenly . But with no emotional high or low point , there is nothing that makes you sit up and take notice .
We get straightforward narration and expository dialogue that introduces each time-traveling vignette and dictates Hoover 's tiresome `` me versus them '' rationalizations for whatever unscrupulous thing he did to stop them .
Such a wildly divergent story might have been told more effectively with a heaping helping of style , but Eastwood plays it safe while the screenplay is full of all kinds of innuendo and subtle dark humor .
A solid but staid portrait of a fascinating man .
Two hours spent with the man are such a chore that it 's hard to imagine why lifelong confidants Tolson and Gandy suffered his toxic , rapid-fire company for entire decades .
Although Hoover 's luster faded as his career went on , Eastwood 's movie seems wan from the start .
Sorry , fans of dynamic , emotional , storytelling .
It 's not often that a Clint Eastwood movie ends and the first words out my mouth are , `` That 's it ? ''
This one at least keeps us thinking and puzzling well after the credits roll .
J. Edgar is the latest in Clint Eastwood 's late-period series of stately duds .
A biopic about the director of the FBI for 50 years whose legacy is today 's us-versus-them approach in public life .
It 's about more than the dress .
A fascinating if flawed film about a fascinating and flawed figure .
Here 's that J. Edgar Hoover biopic you asked for , or at least something that meets all the technical requirements to be considered one .
`` Slightly above average but not much . ''
J. Edgar is n't the awards-worthy contender we were hoping for but instead just another in a long line of over-hyped 2011 theatrical releases .
Eastwood shows too much leniency with Dustin Lance Black 's screenplay , dutifully following a flawed blueprint , ending up with a dismal , unenlightening motion picture , at times bordering on character assassination .
The period design , covering the 1920s and 30s , is well done and the money was well spent on cars and clothes . But , looks alone do not make a film . It has to have heart , too , and I do not think `` J. Edgar '' has one .
A remarkably cheerless affair-grim , disjointed , and paced like a snail funeral .
The look feels genuine , the performances -LRB- if you can get past the bad makeup -RRB- are solid , but the story plays things too straight .
Mr. Eastwood 's ponderous direction , a clumsy script by Dustin Lance Black and ghastly slatherings of old-age makeup all conspire to put the story at an emotional and historical distance . It 's a partially animated waxworks .
Even though `` J. Edgar '' never cracks the code of its title character , I was absorbed by its swift 136 minutes .
How believable is DiCaprio ? When I first heard he had been cast as Hoover , I could n't think of another actor physically less likely to pull it off . But he 's surprisingly good .
Within the sprawling biopic that is J. Edgar beats the heart of a love story .
For all its virtues -- or , perhaps , because of them -- J. Edgar is a disappointment .
Leonardo DiCaprio takes on the role of J. Edgar Hoover with his usual gusto , but the resulting film offers a detached , meandering account of the controversial figure .
This is conceptually interesting , but it 's clumsily delivered by Eastwood , whose movie is a succession of dull interior scenes , expository conversation and fractured chronology .
This far-from-perfect film is hobbled by uneven performances and a script studded with historical bullet points . But it 's a strong tribute to Eastwood 's personal vision .
J. Edgar is an arduous trek through the history books , a gloomy glide down the marble halls of a Washington institution .
That `` J. Edgar '' never ultimately convinces - that at times it 's quite entertainingly bad - can be blamed on both an unfocused script and the project 's very bigness .
Throughout , Eastwood 's technique and craft are predictably solid .
Somewhat academic , and deliberately paced , J. EDGAR is still a measured , thoughful biopic , featuring a surprisingly uncanny performance from DiCaprio .
DiCaprio 's performance keeps us tuned in and intrigued
Eastwood and DiCaprio have delivered a nuanced story about a man , a mythos , and an institution that relies on the facts rather than the legend .
What 's the motivation for the earnest , handsome , well-acted , unenlightening , workaday J. Edgar in 2011 ?
-LSB- DiCaprio -RSB- digs into the role of Hoover with relish and commitment
Watching J. Edgar reminded this critic of sitting in a dimly lit history class after tossing back a tablespoon of NyQuil .
Consistently interesting as intellectual fodder but so intent on not becoming sensationalistic that it 's rarely emotionally compelling .
A dreary slog through 40 years of history that were nowhere near as dull as what 's onscreen here .
It 's gratifying to see an old bully outed as a hypocrite , but by distracting us from bigger crimes , `` J. Edgar '' is a public enemy .
Eastwood 's prim , respectful biography presents Hoover in turn as a muddy political metaphor , a lesson in self-mythologizing , and a case history in repression , but never particularly as a man .
`` J. Edgar '' too often feels like the rough draft of the great movie it could have been ; a character sketch , not quite a portrait .
DiCaprio wrings truth out of a cipher . The Hoover of both headline and whispers comes into sharp relief in this Oscar-beckoning performance .
J. Edgar Hoover is an unpleasant guy , and spending two-plus hours with him is not a fun experience .
Ultimately undone by a whole lot of bad decisions .
Leonardo dolls up for danger ? Okay , so there is a brief moment in J. Edgar where he dons his dead mother 's dress and pearls . But maybe in a Norman Bates moment , he just misses her . In any case sorry , Clint did not make my day .
A figure as divisive and compelling as J. Edgar Hoover demands a movie that provokes some kind of debate other than whether Leonardo DiCaprio will win an Oscar .
Whether unintentionally or by design , the movie never really makes a case either for or against the troubled figure at its center .
The gravity and doubt of DiCaprio 's performance keeps the gossip grounded .
This may be a closety film about a closety character , but the tensions between Eastwood 's direction and the script he 's directing keep us off-guard in an intriguing way . The results , whatever one thinks of them , may be square , but they 're all of a piece .
J. Edgar eloquently argues its case by skipping through Hoover 's entire career , from the founding of the Bureau in 1935 to his death in 1972 .
One of the worst ideas anybody 's ever had , a mendacious , muddled , sub-mediocre mess that turns some of the most explosive episodes of the 20th century into bad domestic melodrama ...
Eastwood , forsaking his deliberate rhythms for something speedier and wordier , turns J. Edgar into a dramatic essay about how the law and repression , heroism and corruption , fused in Hoover .
An occasionally dull and rarely engaging run-of-the-mill biopic , J. Edgar plays things far too safe for a story about one of the most polarizing figures in American history .
Disappointing and unentertaining
Eastwood has a clear idea of what is necessary to make a hugely successful film .
The Academy Award that has eluded Leo in the past seems destined to be within his grasp .
It 's all too earnest , to the point of serving , unwittingly or otherwise , as an apologia .
Despite being buried in layers of prosthetic latex , DiCaprio is a roaring wonder as J. Edgar Hoover . Even when the film trips on its tall ambitions , you ca n't shake it off .
Perhaps J. Edgar works against Eastwood 's finest gift as a filmmaker , his instinct for intimate details that in this case do n't matter . Maybe a director who is n't as one-take efficient would better notice the flaws as they unfold and accumulate .
A puzzlingly misconceived production , a truly troubling experience , the sort of movie that makes you feel ill at ease as you leave the theater .
Clint Eastwood 's biopic of J. Edgar Hoover has elements of a good drama , but merely brushes over the various controversies in a suprisingly humdrum narrative .
Well-acted biopic tackles complex character ; OK for teens .
Clint Eastwood 's `` J. Edgar '' is a lumbering miscalculation , a slow and clumsy re-think of the late F.B.I. founder J. Edgar Hoover 's life and career that views his him through the lens of his alleged homosexuality .
Fatally cautious .
It is , quite simply , a poorly conceived and constructed film .
It is flawed but ultimately captivating .
DiCaprio wears the persona of Hoover with ease , again reminding audiences that the young man who made so many girls swoon with Titanic has grown into an actor of great range and capability .
Worth seeing for DiCaprio 's performance , which is sadly hampered by confusing direction and a poorly constructed screenplay .
DiCaprio astonishes . It is a revelation . Eastwood directs another sad love story but leaves his hackneyed , over-used score behind .
DiCaprio is as effective as possible while laboring under pounds of aging makeup . He is , by all accounts , OK .
The film manages to be both sensational and stodgy , like a guided tour that goes on until it drones .
DiCaprio may well receive a Best Actor Oscar for his tour de force as the conflicted FBI director -- greatly abetted by Hammer -LRB- who played the Winklevoss twins in `` The Social Network '' -RRB- in his first major role as the flamboyant but frustrated Tolson .
Too ambiguous , too gentle and too noncommittal to get the job done .
As a period biopic , `` J. Edgar '' is masterful . Few films span seven decades this comfortably .
Kind Of A Drag
If only Black or Eastwood had an idea of purpose or a definite statement about Hoover -LRB- The movie offers ample opportunities -RRB- , those parts could have made a cohesive whole .
Clint is a talented composer , but this film needed a much better score than it received . I would bet that hiring Alexandre Desplat , a composer who is much more adept at expressing emotion in softer films , could have improved the experience immensely .
`` J. Edgar '' is a somber , enigmatic , darkly fascinating tale , and how could it be otherwise ?
As a colorful chapter in American infamy , it 's a story worth telling in a better , more suspenseful film , but J. Edgar does not hang together .
Leonardo DiCaprio has the unenviable task of playing a character without a single redeeming feature .
This is not quite the be-all , end-all biopic of J. Edgar Hoover that prospective viewers were expecting , or at least hoped for .
J. Edgar is infuriatingly coy and noncritical about its subject , an undeniable patriot but also an alarmist and a ruiner of lives .
A non-controversial movie about a controversial figure .
May not be the sort of disingenuously heroic tale Hoover would 've spun about himself , but it 's too scattershot to feel entirely true -- or at least convincing .
Images of the living , yet decaying , body are what turn a cookie-cutter biopic into something far more personal .
Eastwood and his team of art directors have an unfailing eye for period detail - fetishists for vintage office supplies and stationery will be in hog heaven - but too often the narration feels like a crutch when it 's not outright redundant .
Although hardly flawless , Eastwood 's biopic is his richest , most ambitious movie since the Letters From Iwo Jima-Flags of Our Fathers duo , if not Unforgiven .
The film ages DiCaprio convincingly , Hammer less so . Still , Hammer almost steals the show . While DiCaprio has some noteworthy scenes , it 's tough to forget it 's the actor playing Hoover . In contrast , Hammer and Watts disappear into more subtle roles .
... screenwriter Black 's idea of using the unreliable narrator for Hoover 's history before long time companion Tolson outs him in the film 's last act is a good one , but he can not let go of the Lindbergh case ...
By the end of the film , it 's become a tragic love story about two men who like to wear heavy latex appliances and never touch each other .
Leonardo DiCaprio 's committed performance is the main reason to see this wordy , speculative account of the life of imperious , obsessive FBI director J. Edgar Hoover .
Mr. Eastwood does n't just shift between Hoover 's past and present , his intimate life and popular persona , he also puts them into dialectic play , showing repeatedly how each informed the other .
Leonardo DiCaprio , grounded and sure , has commitment to spare . His portrayal of Hoover is undeniably terrific .
Power does n't necessarily make intriguing character . Is Clint next considering a movie about Henry Kissinger or Karl Rove ?
It 's not Leo 's fault , but this shallow , conventional biopic is a snooze . On the Eastwood scale closer to Flags of Our Fathers - Serious , Important , Dull - than masterful .
For all its rough edges , J. Edgar is finally a thought-provoking emotion picture of deep sadness , a far-ranging elegy disguised as a historical drama .
J.Edgar is one of the best films of 2011 .
There is skill and craft to every scene and DiCaprio 's performance is solid , but J. Edgar never feels like some of Eastwood 's most focused work .
This is an awfully polite movie about a man who was anything but .
The resonating images of Hoover are of a man increasingly and tragically out of step with time . Thankfully , it 's been quite the opposite for Eastwood .
Undermined by old-age makeup , a story largely unbothered by chronology , and no throughlines or uniting themes other than what the characters dutifully explain , it 's a would-be prestige picture that 's sorely lacking in emotional power .
The film moves fast , but Eastwood 's touch is light and sure , his judgment sound , the moments of pathos held just long enough . And he cast the right star as his equivocal hero-fool .
Makes cases for and against Hoover , without really making us care either way ... an interesting failure , a movie that tries to do too much and ends up not doing nearly enough .
It 's too bad J. Edgar is so shapeless and turgid and ham-handed , so rich in bad lines and worse readings .
When I think of how brilliantly rendered some of Eastwood 's `` stuck men '' have been , I am all the more frustrated .
Represents a low point no Eastwood aficionado can ignore .
While the essence of J. Edgar remains ambivalent and inscrutable , Leonardo DiCaprio emerges as a definite Oscar contender .
Eastwood inspired by Citizen Kane ? Part character study of an iconic figure , part chronicle of the FBI institution , J. Edgar is a sharply uneven , shapeless film that deserves to be seen for effort and ambition rather than execution .
True to Eastwood 's understated nature , J. Edgar offers the `` tasteful '' treatment of such potentially salacious subject matter , though a more outre Oliver Stone-like approach might have made for a livelier film .
As always , when Eastwood turns his compassionate eye onto the frailties and emotions of his characters , the film flies and reminds us why he remains one of the world 's most vital filmmakers .
Tackles its trickiest challenges with plausibility and good sense , while serving up a simmeringly caustic view of its controversial subject 's behavior , public and private .



@highlight

Leonardo DiCaprio gives a predictably powerhouse performance , but J. Edgar stumbles in all other departments with cheesy makeup , poor lighting , confusing narrative , and humdrum storytelling .