For what it intends to do , BACKCOUNTRY is an almost perfectly realized film , making the best of its humble budget and exploiting its stunning locations to maximum effect .
Backcountry ultimately feels like a short film that 's been clumsily expanded to a feature-length running time .
Backcountry will make some think twice about going into the woods for vacation .
The film 's main source of anxiety remains the lone , terrified figure , thoroughly unprepared for the savage beast who attacks , and faced at last by an uncaring natural world .
MacDonald does a nice job of building up to an emotional finale that does n't betray his dedication to brutal realism .
Given that most killer bear movies are either intentionally cheesy or unwittingly inept , it 's nice to see a new one that takes the concept seriously and forgoes easy splatter in favor of some strong , simple , sustained suspense .
Sometimes you eat the bear , sometimes the bear eats you , as the philosopher Sam Elliott said . Backcountry succeeds by not straying far from that core belief .
Somewhere around the mid-point the wide open spaces they 're traversing close in around them to become an oppressive and claustrophobic nightmare .
Backcountry thrives in the close-quarter details : the verbal knife-pricks of a dying relationship , the jangling impact of the smallest sounds breaking silence , that dread certainty that you 're completely lost and it 's getting dark .
The result is 90 straight minutes of rising tension , never so much relieved as occasionally back-pedalled to take another mad run at Alex and Jenn and us .
MacDonald does quite well in his dramatic feature debut with solid performances from the cast . Backcountry is satisfyingly intense , although quite gory in patches .
The first hour of Adam Macdonald 's feature debut is a nicely drawn two-hander between Peregrym and Roop 's young lovers .
It all leads up to a scene of flat-out , primal horror that brings to mind how Werner Herzog might have felt listening to that tape of Timothy Treadwell 's final moments in Grizzly Man .
If Werner Herzog 's 2005 documentary Grizzly Man did n't drive home the fact that bears in the wild are not our friends , then Backcountry will definitely get the point across .
Horror film succeeds through skill and not surprise
Successfully scratches that primal itch , with some genuinely tense results . Uncomplicated is n't always a bad thing .
Is that a black bear outside our tent , or just some creepy dude ?
Backcountry may zig instead of zag from its facile setup , but even the payoff does n't stand out .
These types of creature-feature horror movies are a dime a dozen , but writer-director Adam MacDonald proves there 's life left in the genre with his tense and terrifying thriller .
Monotonous and foreseeable with spastic choreography , Backcountry is horrific for all of the wrong reasons .
`` Backcountry '' inevitably brings on the bloody , but it finds atmospheric ways to depict how the bucolic hush of a nature getaway can morph into a survival nightmare for the unprepared .
Exceptionally put together and sharply paced , acquiring a unique level of efficiency for the genre , while reviving man vs. nature formula with a stimulating rush of human vulnerability .
I already think twice about going in the ocean thanks to ` Open Water ' and now I 'll have the same problem with camping courtesy of this disturbingly brilliant feature directorial debut .
... an effective horror thriller with fine performances from its little known cast .
A couple of weekend backpackers face off against man and beast in director Adam MacDonald 's accomplished , blunt-force wilderness adventure .
The alone-in-the-wilderness survival number gets a serious kick in the hindquarters ... MacDonald harvests gooseflesh the old-fashioned way , by suggesting much , showing little .
It 's beautifully tense and well-acted - the kind of modest genre picture we do n't see enough of these days .
Apparently inspired by a true story that the movie made me very much not want to look up , which I suppose may be taken by some to be a token of its effectiveness .
Just when you thought it was safe to stand up to a bear in the woods , this jarring indie horror drama will make you scurry back indoors .
This is n't about the bear . -LSB- It 's -RSB- about two people who get in way over their heads in thinking they know nature and each other ...
For most of its 91 tense , uneven minutes , `` Backcountry '' plays on your nerves like a kid flicking you with a rubber band .
Backcountry is potent in its moments of sheer animal panic , reminding the viewer that humans , for all our advanced technology and intellectual vanity , are powerless against the faceless cruelty of nature .
Knowing that the situations depicted in actor and filmmaker Adam MacDonald 's Backcountry are based on `` true events '' only makes them more harrowing to watch unfold onscreen .
On one hand , this kind of narrative serves to remind us that we have n't totally vanquished the natural world and it retains some of its ancient dangers . But on a deeper level , something more complicated and sinister is going on .
Concocted with ace precision , worthy of a spectacle of well-earned winces and gasps .
MacDonald elevates Backcountry by couching what turns out to be a keenly observed relationship drama inside a horror flick .
Almost traumatically intense . The film continually cranks up the danger , creating a scenario that becomes more and more harrowing with every passing minute . A superb chiller .
A survivalist drama made all the more scary since it is based on a true story and since the bears are real , not animatronic .
Backcountry is simply another paranoid cinematic reminder that exiting the beaten path is a course best avoided - or , at least , one that also requires taking some basic , common-sense precautions beforehand .
After a surprising development , the film grows slack and sentimental , reverting to the survival-movie platitude about hardship making you a better human .
The vicarious thrills of getting lost in the cinematic wilderness have apparently yet to be exhausted .
As in Open Water and Black Water , nature is a hulking , roaring reality rather than a CGI imitation , brought into alarming contact with the two human characters via skilled wrangling and clever compositing .
Backcountry is a blood-soaked campfire treat that confidently hits on nature 's unpredictable fury and features a brilliant turn by Missy Peregrym as a bruised , battered and beaten survivalist .

@highlight

Tense , well-acted , and at once atmospheric as well as brutally impactful , Backcountry marks a memorably assured debut from writer-director Adam MacDonald .