Two problems I had with the film were that the subtitles were too small making them difficult to read and that they did not remain on the screen long enough to adequately read . Nevertheless , it is an amazing movie and well worth your time .
In the end , however expansive , action-packed and powerfully shot The Baader-Meinhof Complex undoubtedly is , it remains a disturbing hybrid that leaves the viewer jaded , bizarrely perplex and ultimately unsatisfied .
A stirring , bloodcurdling terrorist drama .
This flick was written by Stefan Aust , long-time editor of Der Spiegel , Germany 's version of Time Magazine . Hence the lurid , superficial and reactionary tilt . The Baader-Meinhof gang was disgusting , but nearly as disgusting as the people they fought .
A sweeping docudrama of recent history in Germany regarding home-grown terrorism .
A glossy , pulse pounding pure Hollywood-style thriller designed for the express purpose of demythologizing its protagonists .
... the detail is fascinating and it is mesmerizing to watch this idealistic rebellion swamped by obsession , revolutionary fervor and the psychotic drive of Andreas Baader ...
The Baader Meinhof Complex is a terrific entertainment , an action packed look at anarchy in the streets followed by the specious slacker malaise argued behind closed doors .
An impressive period reconstruction and a ripping yarn that never reduces its complicated and conflicted characters to stereotypes ... one of the best action movies of last year and a thoughtful essay on the futility of violence .
Filmed through tear gas and broken glass , Edel graphically depict the horrific violence -LRB- the group was responsible for nearly 30 deaths -RRB- while equally layering in substance .
One of the ten best films of 2009
The 150-minute-long , Oscar-nominated foreign-language film , based on a 1987 book , has a rat-a-tat pace and a lurid , film noir quality that captures the chaos and hysteria of the era that bred and sustained them .
It 's not surprising the film was Germany 's 2008 submission for a Best Foreign Language Film Oscar .
A richly detailed , emotionally complex , character-filled examination .
The acting is top drawer and everyone behind the camera is technically proficient with a workmanlike approach . The monumental task of editing by Alexander Berner deserves special mention .
An epic look at a recent blood-soaked episode of post-war Germany .
Merely lets the facts of forty years ago speak for themselves , and one ca n't deny that its dramatization of them has enormous energy and urgency .
It doggedly refuses easy ways out , and it has the guts , brains and critical eye to plumb the roots of terror and its bloody consequences .
The Baader-Meinhof Complex is not an easy film to watch ; its violence is ugly and brutish . And there 's a lot of it .
Part thriller , part social history , this tense 2008 drama traces the rise and fall of the Baader-Meinhof gang .
It 'd be nice to see an American filmmaker commit a similar reckoning with the Watts riots , the Weather Underground , or the Black Power movement , not simply resort to cant and kitsch but to really interpret those moments .
An exciting , infuriating , combative experience .
Edel uses documentary tropes to realize his overarching narrative , and the end result is an electrifying , morally complex story of the evil that men -LRB- and women -RRB- do in the name of the greater good .
It does take awhile for the plot to really kick into gear . Yet the discussion of terrorist morality is interesting , and there are some very tense sequences .
The Baader Meinhof Complex arrives as a useful tool , a history lesson in a box , on a moment in time when actual revolution seemed not only possible but in some cases likely , in parts of Western Europe and the United States .
This sprawling portrait of the Red Army Faction ... is neither an apologetic for the anarchist gang nor a condemnation of it , but rather a fascinating exploration of the shift in the zeitgeist of that era ...
There are some literally killer performances here , most notably Johanna Wokalek as Gudrun .
There 's a fine line to walk when making a film about outlaws : A few wrong moves and , presto , glamorization occurs . To its credit , The Baader Meinhof Complex almost entirely avoids this pitfall .
Edel does n't force an interpretation on the audience : instead his film provides an experience which raises questions rather than answering them .
A thoroughly engrossing tale of conflicting agendas and thwarted ambition . In its verve and verisimilitude , the film recalls such classics of political cinema as Z and The Battle of Algiers .
There 's an element of relatable humanity missing from the foundation of trying to tell a story that could have taken six hours in 144 minutes , but there 's no denying the power of those 144 minutes .
By the end you 're left with a question worth asking : What is the best way to put your ideals on the line in any country , in any era ?
Very good , very smart , very clear .
The Baader Meinhof Complex is a taut and involving thriller that is at its strongest when it focuses on the ideological evolution of Ulrike Meinhof -LRB- Martina Gedeck -RRB- .
Impressive in its scale and momentum , it 's the kind of action-packed political melodrama that generates more heat than light .
Edel -- perhaps wisely -- does n't leave you much time to reflect ... as his jagged narrative rockets along like a Godard film without a subtext , propelled by violent deeds and misguided , murky , irrational motives .
The Baader-Meinhof Complex is diluted by too many events and characters distributed over too much time .
Hustling like a blockbuster action flick , it 's a crash course in domestic terrorism as rock n ' roll adrenaline rush .
... an exhaustive account of how a gang of self-appointed urban guerrillas traumatized Germany during the decade following the global paroxysms of 1968 .
A fragmented but fascinating glimpse of the famous German terrorist group and their violent legacy .
A rare epic that deserves every minute of its epic length .
Brilliantly directed and written by Uli Edel , this takes a fascinating but faithful view of violent urban guerillas told basically from the terrorists ' POV .
For their part , Edel and Eichinger have given an under-explored episode in recent European history a serious and seriously entertaining treatment that stands on its own cinematically and historically .
Even though its purpose could n't be more serious , its style could hardly be more pulp . Which is probably fitting for a group that started out with high-minded goals and ended up robbing banks and blowing people away .
Never let it be said that when the Germans put their mind to something they do n't follow through .
I have seen The Baader Meinhof Complex three or four times now , and , despite exasperation with its fissile form , I find it impossible not to be plunged afresh into this engulfing age of European anxiety .
An initially riveting and provocative thriller filled with intense action sequences and strong performances , but the suspense and thrills wane as the convoluted plot becomes slightly dull and monotonous .
... cowriter/producer Bernd Eichinger , who gave such depth to a much shorter historical period in `` Downfall , '' here eventually loses his audience by refusing to streamline his cast and focus on a few significant events . It 's a 10 part miniseries stuffed in
The Baader Meinhof Complex is n't , very : This saga of Communist terrorists sowing mayhem in 1970s Germany treats a bloody band as a unit of stouthearted warriors sallying forth to fight for their principles against impossible odds .
This dramatic film documents a decade of near-anarchy in Germany , beginning with a brutal 1967 police riot .
A fiery action film with lots more on its mind .
This starkly unromantic epic ultimately benefits from its 150-minute running time , immersing the audience in the RAF 's journey from shared passion to collective madness as their movement runs its full , sad , bloody course .
A taut , unnerving , forcefully unromantic film .
Meticulous and fascinating , this stark look at ideological terrorism within a democracy . . remains gripping because of the three captivating central figures .
... a watery historic stew crammed with too many events and not enough context or character development to fill out what could have been a compelling film .
Simultaneously absorbing and alienating
Watching The Baader-Meinhof Complex is like a trip to a recent past that is too easily forgotten .
This is n't revisionist history ; it 's a key moment in political radicalism reduced to an empty pop-cultural posture .
A throwback to American filmmaking of the '70s , a pulse-pounding political thriller that grabs you by the throat and does n't let go until the inevitable bloody conclusion ; Germany 's Bonnie and Clyde , with a political conscience .
The movie has an undeniable sweep , increasing in intensity once the principals are arrested in June 1972 .
One the rare examples of historical fiction that manages to defuse a violent series of real-life events to the point of disinterest .
Baad and Baader extreme women rule , in this bold , more-than-meets-the eye brand of moviemaking , while the impassioned political thriller dissects the Red Army Faction 's ideological seduction of actually one fourth of the German population .
Edel uses a variety of film stocks to match the patchiness of the vintage footage he weaves into his narrative , adding to the authentic feel . If he meanders off track at times , it is because there is much to cover here . This could easily have been a long
To do full justice to this fascinating subject , you 'd need a director with something like Martin Scorsese 's appetite for detail , capacity for spectacle , and willingness to face up to his own ambivalence .
You want to know more and Eichinger 's script is n't even going to try to enlighten you . The action surges on to the next act of destruction , where Edel 's uninflected style works much more effectively .
Brilliantly made and utterly compelling from beginning to end .
I 'd have been happy if this 2.5-hour film had been even longer than it is because , despite its immediacy and the skill with which the events are recreated , it only scratches the surface .
At its most arresting when it dwells in the ambiguity that clouds seemingly righteous action .
It has that German virtue of clarity , but not much depth of analysis . It certainly does n't romanticise the terrorists .
In trying to cram a great deal into 150 minutes , the filmmakers necessarily jump scenes like puddles , and sometimes the audience gets lost . But I can excuse this flaw ; for one thing , the patchwork or montage style provides the time frame
The film highlights the ugliest side of human nature and as a result it is a sobering experience , reinforcing the futility of violence
Fascinating history , very good movie - but demanding , and its lack of easy answers will frustrate some . Lessons about 21st century terrorism are implicit , but not overly stressed .
As an action-packed pageant of events it is excitingly demonstrative and provocative , but as human drama it proves a mite too enigmatic and unyielding .
Along with Downfall , with whom it shares a screenwriter , this is among the greatest of the recent new wave of German films .
There is a real problem with a film that , although thoroughly researched and directed with integrity , struggles to move the audience .
There are plenty of suspect devices and home-made bombs duct-taped to alarm clocks here , but we never find out what makes their creators tick .
The Baader-Meinhof Complex , directed by Uli Edel from a screenplay by Bernd Eichinger , represents a darker vision of the period that , given the ongoing war on terror and fear about home-grown militants , seems especially timely .
It 's an impressive achievement lent extra weight by masterful performances from Bleibtrau , Gedeck and Wokalek as the conflicted terrorists who became psychologically shredded by the unstoppable force the RAF had become .
Despite the convincing cast and hefty running time , there 's no space left for reflection and insight .
The film crams a vast amount of information into two-and-a-half hours , and makes an honest , intelligent attempt to portray terrorism from every angle , including the victims ' and authorities ' viewpoints .
A fascinating story , well-made , but also rather lumbering and lacking in any real focus .
This fascinating story may not be entirely accurate but it is certainly an engrossing film .
The Baader Meinhof Complex is the latest autopsy on an important and under-dramatised segment of European history . Those who do not learn from it risk being among those who might repeat it .
His approach has simply been to cram everything he knows about the Baader Meinhof years into a running time of two and a half hours . It is really the most unhelpful and unenlightening film on the subject you could possibly imagine .
This topical take on terrorism from the producer of Downfall remains well shot and acted till the end but its cold approach and rambling running time mean it goes out not with a bang but a whimper .
This impressively mounted and thoroughly researched film is so watchable , whatever one 's views about its fanatical participants .
Impressively directed and superbly written , this is an engaging , thought-provoking and thoroughly gripping thriller with terrific performances from two of Germany 's biggest stars .
Pumped with energy and authenticity , this film recounts the tumultuous events in 1960s and 70s Germany with vivid detail and an involving cast of characters . It 's breathtaking filmmaking , in every sense of the word .
Edel wisely reveals the charismatic qualities of the terrorist leadership : without this element it would be impossible to understand just how popular the Gang became with the young .
an kai synarpastiko mathima neoteris eyropaikis istorias se apsogo tehnika perityligma entonoy politikoy thriler , prospathontas na horesei ena toso megalo kai pykno hroniko , se diarkeia tainias , afinei ektos estiasis pragmata poy tha aksizan tainion apo m
A long but powerful true-life drama of 1970s German terrorists features masterful storytelling and bravura performances .
An explosive performance by Johanna Wokalek gives some relief to an otherwise long and humdrum series of characters , blow - 'em - ups and prison locations .
Engrossing on many levels -- except for , fatally , an emotional one .




@highlight

Intricately researched and impressively authentic slice of modern German History , with a terrific cast , assured direction , and a cracking script .