The cable channel has taken a difficult , divisive topic and turned it into a clear , fast-moving thriller with comical overtones .
The movie is n't subtle ... but it takes on a big subject and gives it a light spin .
This film does an honest and fair job of presenting the facts in as complete a picture as two hours could possibly allow .
It 's so suspenseful that it 's easy to forget that you already know how it ends .
Democracy relies on citizens having access to verified information about their lives , while such docudramas as Recount often provide the opposite - innuendo , rumor and outright fabrications .
Even when the complicated political and legal machinations are handled gracefully , Recount does n't have time to give these people depth or render their unique situations with sufficient shadings of complexity .
The tension that swirled around thousands of disputed Florida ballots after the November 2000 election was almost Shakespearean ... Recount effectively dramatizes that struggle .
There 's no suspense about the outcome , but following the twisted , oftentimes maddening journey to that point is filled with tension and dark humor .
If you have the slightest interest in politics and movie treatments thereof , I recommend it .
The movie possesses an underlying smugness that seems to say that all would be well in the world today if only Al Gore had eked out a win that fateful November and December - a conclusion that is impossible to reach .
What 's in it for viewers just looking for a good time ? Since this is only a movie , with imagined dialogue and Hollywood stars , it must pass the entertainment test . Mostly , it does .
It 's a gorgeous bit of political theater .
Recount is nonetheless accomplished and useful in piecing together a sequence of events that seemed confusing and chaotic from the outside . The effect is like watching a freeway pile-up in slow motion .
Credit must go to Recount 's script , which manages to cover all of the bases without sacrificing wit and realism , and its acclaimed cast , who bring to life several infamous moments .
A second HBO movie has made its mark of excellence on TV . Recount probably would die at the box office in movie theaters , but it prevails on television . It 's a hard sell .
Esquemático a ponto de mergulhar a narrative em um tom burocrático , merece créditos pela atuação de Spacey , Dern e Begley Jr. , representando também uma bem-vinda -LRB- ainda que não totalmente bem-sucedida -RRB- mudança de rumo na carreira de Roach .
A fleet-footed , conversational study of potentially very dry material well-covered by the media of the day .
Recount , an efficient and relentless enactment of the strategists on both sides of the Florida controversy , shows an accident that was waiting to happen .
Though depressing as a reminder of how George W. Bush 's presidency was won by the concerted efforts of numerous Republican interests more or less working independently of each other , it 's also a screechy example of liberal Hollywood condescension .
The movie does n't embrace its potential for farce , for suspense , or for outrage . Ultimately , the filmmakers could have punched a little harder .
A splendid cast mostly just sits around watching the bad news on television , dutiful to the letter of Danny Strong 's conscientious script yet insufficiently roused to righteous spirit even as , before their eyes , our republic gets banana 'd .
The movie offers easy targets and conclusions .
An astute and deliciously engrossing film .
Roach gets a lot of suspenseful mileage out of these ping-ponging reversals of fortune .
Butterfly ballots and hanging chads become the stuff of great political intrigue .
An electrifying slapstick tragedy about a mad moment in American politics , a moment that must never happen again but easily could .
Smart , star-studded and anchored by another fine-tuned performance from Kevin Spacey .
It 's impossible to overstate the excellent casting here .
In the end , spin wins out over substance , just as it does in every modern American fairy tale .
It grovels for the approval of political junkies while flaunting the shallowest interest in politics , and everything flows from there in the most silly fashion .
I think it 's one of the best movies of the year .

@highlight

Recount deftly brings a controversial chapter of electoral history to dramatic life with a compelling cast , although some viewers may take issue with its conclusions .