Jeff Nichols directs the most beautiful love story of the year . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Loving is a film that is surprisingly non-belligerent in tone , despite the outrageous injustice of its subject matter - America 's historical treatment of race .
Loving is touchingly tender and one of the most emotionally moving films of 2016 , all thanks to its extreme subtly
An historically accurate account of an almost 50 year-old watershed civil rights case . It 's also an intimate drama about two people who risk their safety and liberty to be together .
While the court case alone could be a film in its own right , Nichols was wise to focus more on the love story .
Deals with interracial marriage without melodrama .
When an American film centers on a mixed-race couple , generally the relationship is framed as a problem . Nichols does n't distract us from any moment of intimacy ; he 's canny enough to realize that his film is in his actors ' faces .
The first half is absorbing and atmospheric , despite Edgerton rather overdoing his strong , silent , man-of-few-words portrayal .
Despite this aesthetic morass , Edgerton and Negga 's performances are brilliantly crafted , and nearly offset some of the film 's more heavy-handed interludes .
Loving is as good as a drama can be , but for everyone who admires the director 's earlier films , it might be a disappointment .
Critics can whine all they like . There 's little doubt that thousands will be moved by Loving 's success in depicting a couple 's quiet heroism-and the performances that will help to enshrine their legacy .
Nichols lets the drama play out on his characters faces rather than through their words . I 've seen it twice and I was just as moved the second time as the first .
The beauty in the film comes from its simplicity . Wisely director-writer Jeff Nichols allows everything related to film to flow from that concept .
Nichols , in Loving , illustrates how family starts with a choice that 's rooted in love - and we ca n't legislate love . But we must defend the right to love in the first place .
Based on the true story of Loving v. Virginia , a landmark civil rights decision , the film is a story of two halves .
Loving carries a quiet energy of righteousness .
-LSB- Jeff -RSB- Nichols 's tale has no real urgency , and as a result , Loving feels vacant .
True love is written into every scene , like a simple black-and-white fact that ca n't be denied .
The film shines a light on how far the U.S. has come in its views of equality , but also how far it has still to go . A true story that is still very relevant , Loving is understated , compelling and deeply affecting .
The movie is subtle , full of quiet power , and showcases finely crafted performances from all but one of its key players -LRB- Nick Kroll -RRB- .
The slow pace does n't work because it 's sustained too long and does n't go anywhere very interesting or unexpected . Jeff Nichols missed a great opportunity to give Ms. Negga and Mr. Edgerton material worthy of their talent .
Negga ... has an innate gentleness that makes her situation all the more intolerable . And Edgerton ... manages to mix level-headed with being a little bit dense . Both are quite convincing .
Aided by awards-worthy performances from Joel Edgerton and especially Ruth Negga , Nichols delivers an intimate drama that feels all the bigger for keeping its scope so resolutely small .
Nichols creates a beautifully dignified portrait of people whose ethics and good nature speak more volumes than any kind of extrapolation .
If you observe the gestures and the glances between Negga and Edgerton , you catch a tenderness and a deep understanding that 's very moving .
Loving offers much to draw from , but the greatest image we take with us is the same one on the poster : two lovers holding on , unwilling to let go .
This could be the synopsis of a mediocre `` inspirational '' telemovie , but Nichols is a very deliberate artist , and Loving is as carefully made as anything he has done .
It 's a touching and honest film .
-LSB- This is -RSB- all about Joel -LRB- who somehow even looks American here -RRB- and Negga , both of whom were obviously deeply committed to the material and deliver excellent performances .
Touching , earnest , and important , LOVING reminds us of the basic human rights we take for granted and how recent it was that they were not an option .
A contemplative , considered , sensitive and sincere account of a relationship attacked from the outside , but never under threat from within .
A big part of the appeal of Loving is its modesty and lack of histrionics , which sets it apart from the other Oscar-nominated films ... It 's that lack of self-importance that underscores the quiet power of this remarkable , moving film .
Nichols seems so determined to avoid over-dramatising his wonderful source material that he under-dramatises it to the point of dilution , and , unfortunately , exasperation .
Nichols has created a powerful , intelligent and moving film .
What 's striking about Loving , despite its weighty subject matter , is how quiet and subtle it is .
It is refreshing to find a film with no emotional manipulation , prompting us to allow our gut instincts to guide us . the two central performances by Joel Edgerton and Ruth Negga are subtle and underplayed - beautifully .
Told with solid , timeless craftsmanship of its brickie protagonist , Loving does its subjects proud .
What Nichols finds in his close character study of Richard and Mildred Loving is rebellion in its purest , most dignified form .
Loving is a political film with a surprising amount of emotional punch and one of the most accessible films Nichols has made in his career .
The tale is moving , and you would n't want it told with any more bells and whistles , but it 'll leave you wanting more . The good news is that you 'll want more of Jeff Nichols .
-LSB- A -RSB- sober , restrained drama of injustice and persecution .
The film asserts that racism is n't always loud , but always hideous and overbearing , that hatred is a conscious act of the human brain , corrupted . And loving is not an act . It 's a force of nature .
The title is more than just a form of shorthand or a clever double-meaning . It is the core of the film . This is about a marriage , a couple deeply in love and devoted to their family , who just want to live together in their home state .
After a slow two hours , the overly polite restraint feels naïve -- or at least , premature .
Important , effective and beautifully told .
Worthiness , then , is not in short supply in Loving , and the solid performances of Negga and Joel Edgerton put a human face on some very ugly legislation .
A moving tale of a mixed-race marriage in 1950s America .
Loving glows with the kind of decency and humanity that we badly need to be reminded of at the moment .
Nichols 's understated approach to the story , devoid of dramatic grandstanding , chimes with the dignity of the Lovings who `` wo n't bother anyone '' if only they can be left alone to live their lives .
Loving is , in form and substance , a silent cry for the simple right to be . That , in these days , in the next years , is and will be a demand that although quiet will be present at full volume . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
What is radical about Nichols 's film is the extent to which he focuses not on the legal fight and ensuing national attention but on the Lovings themselves .
A film that really gets under the skin -- in every sense .
The film is written and directed with a sharp attention to detail , which means including some facts that are rather messy
What could have been a bog-standard feel-good biopic is transformed into a thoughtfully observed and quietly affecting drama .
Driven by two performances of exceptional nuance and restraint , this is a story that inspires us to individually live and let live and collectively do the right thing .
A gripping , inspirational biopic with simplicity , tact and intelligence .
Both Joel Edgerton and Best Actress Oscar nominee Ruth Negga create convincing , deeply felt portraits of ordinary people swept away by extraordinary events .
A story that has been seen before but the neat and incredibly specific script makes this film an intimate and genuine statement . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
If Jeff Nichols ' Loving were any more piously dull it could bore for the Olympics .
Loving soars thanks to its narrative approach and career-best performances from Negga and Edgerton .
Stripped of any melodrama , the film does a good job of laying out the particulars of the case and the significance it had in terms of challenging the US constitutional ban on interracial marriage .
A poignant love story that may well have turned into an emotional and thrilling liberal court drama . Nichols has made another valuable film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Loving is a quiet film but a powerful and uplifting one -- an intimate domestic drama in which the protagonists themselves hardly seem to notice their own historical roles .
A film based on a real fact that avoids conventions and that highlights the importance of the family , the unshakable bonds of love in its broadest meaning . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Loving is limited , like the shy union it depicts , as an artefact of its own time and creation .
Sensitively directed and subtly acted , this modestly radical romance is a soft-spoken beauty .
These are good people and Loving is an important story , but that in itself is not quite enough .
A concentrated story with an impeccable staging and the dazzling interpretation of Joel Edgerton and Ruth Negga . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
`` Loving '' is the real deal . It 's not a sermon . It 's just a snapshot that proves we are all more than our skin colors . We are people , and we are capable of great love .
A hopeful and loving film that is able to illuminate a dark area of contemporary society . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film that , due to its simplicity , works at all times and allows its two protagonists to give us subtle but great performances . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A humane and emotional story in which its melodramatic , and very classic , character is reformulated by a look as current as personal . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
-LRB- When -RRB- the focus shifts to Mildred taking the lead , and that 's when it becomes apparent what Negga brings to the role ... should probably be required viewing in schools - lest we forget .
Loving is a restrained film that lacks the atypical , explosive moments of overflowing emotion , but nonetheless is just as moving and engaging in its unusual approach .
Loving makes you feel like you 're in the hands of a confident director who is n't afraid to let the audience find their way into a story . His style prevents the film from being a crowd-pleaser , but it 's the right approach for the story .
This is a showing movie , not a telling movie : The bond between the Lovings is all in their body language .
Nichols returns to images of Loving bricklaying at work : appropriate for the brick by brick quality of how justice is sought , built upon and finally delivered .
Jeff Nichols has made a fine , honest portrait of one couple 's unwavering love , but he fails to present that portrait in a sufficiently rousing context . Shucks .
The lessons here strike me as entirely too safe for the current political climate .
` We may lose the small battles but win the big war , ' Mildred says . These are inspiring words at a moment in American history when racists are emboldened , and they suggest that ` Loving ' may be just the movie the country needs .
You will end up `` Loving '' the couple at the center of an important moment in American history .
A film where its protagonists provide a performance full of strength and emotion that fits perfectly in the plot of the film and adapts without abruptness to the style of the director . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
admirably low key , shunning easy sensationalism and melodramatic politicization in favor of something more delicate and genuine and intimate
It takes artistic conviction to eschew artificial dramatic piques and nadirs for what most of history has to offer , which is usually somewhere in between the two . Loving is to be commended for mostly exploring this region .
Loving is a slow burn that 's content to experience solitude , spirituality and nature without ever relenting on the human spirit .
Slow , sensitive and subdued - timely primarily because it paved the way for the more recent controversy over same-sex marriage .
Inspirational true love story .
The acting is excellent by Joel Edgerton and Ruth Negga , and the supporting cast . Every story needs a bad guy and Marton Csokas fills the bill as the pitiless , racist Sheriff Brooks , who arrests the Lovings , and feels very justified in doing so .
Joel Edgerton and Ruth Negga embody the Lovings through exceptionally strong performances . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Profanity , Racism , etc. - also Available -RRB-
Conventional storytelling in its most muscular form .
One of the best films of 2016 .
It works so much better as a character sketch than as a message movie about history that it 's frustrating that it keeps half-heartedly feinting in the latter direction .
While `` Loving '' strikes many emotional chords , I was left with more questions than answers .
Nichols and the actors bring the appropriate level of gravity to a tale that calls to mind life in a police state .
This well-intentioned film is so bound up in cotton wool that it does n't have the impact its story deserves .
Even if all you ever want from a film is moral affirmation and a basketful of the warm-fuzzies , writer-director Jeff Nichols ' mildewed biopic Loving is still a fusty and unengrossing watch .
An underwhelming telling of the story of the couple behind the 1967 Supreme Court case that legalized interracial marriages .
A very delicate and sentimental film , with its magnificent characters expressing the impotence , the suffering and the strength of their love . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Combining a scrupulously intelligent script with standout lead performances , Loving is stubbornly modest and profoundly moving .
There 's understatement , and then there 's Loving , a film that tells its real-life story of 1950s interracial marriage with a tone as stubbornly restrained as its subjects .
There 's no swelling music , no histrionics , no eloquent speeches , no impassioned pleas . Loving is as workmanlike as bricklayer Richard . And it 's all the better for it .
In the end , when you think about the film 's `` message , '' it is a very simple one . With so much hate in the world , should we suppress any effort to express love ?
A critical story as well about how white rearing in a mostly black rural setting remote from brutal Jim Crow Virginia , lends optimism to spontaneous racial harmony far from institutional repression imposed via unnatural manufactured difference and fear .
A small , quiet , low-key film that tells a story not with loud speechifying or any kind of ostentatious filmmaking , but rather with very human quietness . -LRB- Splice Today -RRB-
... -LSB- a -RSB- tender film about ordinary people caught up in an extraordinary moment of our revolving , repeating history .
Subtle approach makes for powerful `` Loving . ''
Delicate , timid , and frustratingly subtle despite its strong performances , Loving is a completely dull experience that feels too lackadaisical and laid back to fully satisfy .
`` Loving '' has its missteps , but it 's a typically strong effort from an increasingly reliable filmmaker .
`` Strong performances remind us there are real people at the heart of all great movements . ''
Loving is a deceptively simple movie about the complexities often hidden deep beneath the calm surface of simple appearances .
Loving is a low-key movie about a low-key couple whose actions proved to be anything but .
` Loving ' is a gentle reminder that love is powerful enough to overcome even the greatest obstacles thrown up by a state ... and myopic people who are more interested in divisiveness than embracing the bonds that unite people - in marriage and in life .
What might be the year 's more purely beautiful film -- in texture , subject matter and imagery -- tells the true story of an interracial couple actually named Richard and Mildred Loving .
An emotional powerhouse that will leave audiences drained and exultant , `` Loving '' is the best film I 've seen so far in 2016 .
There are plenty of opportunities in the story for the film to take a brutal edge , but Nichols keeps the film focused on the emotional elements .
The two lead performances are this good : They made the Lovings real people to me , and this couple , and their abiding affection , may have been the perfect case to prove that all love is created equal .
Director Jeff Nichols ' movie is a masterful piece of work , thanks to his nuanced character development and lush camera work .
This is not the first film about the couple 's long struggle , but it 's a deeply moving one , in touch with the physical texture of the rural South and alive to the unspoken feelings of ordinary working people who turned out not to be ordinary at all .
Loving is a plaintive reminder of what once was .
Ruth Negga 's performance is the best part of the film ; she is all quiet determination , seeing the larger implications of her case when her husband does not .
Although set half a century prior to today , Loving is a timely reminder , especially in a political season filled with so much hatred and divisiveness , of the overwhelming power of quiet and selfless love .
A dour , mumbling tone poem that ca n't even utilize the considerable talents of its lead actors .
The through-line in Loving is the strength of Mildred and Richard 's love for each other , which saw them through trials that would have broken a weaker couple .
Nichols is one of today 's finest rural storytellers , and he never wavers in his approach , going small where others would go grandiose . `` Loving '' is an exercise in restraint befitting the quiet couple at its center .
A beautiful film about daring to love , without fear or compromise .
`` Loving '' conveys what it means to be attached to people , to a place - and not to be able to bear being away from them .
It shows how far America has come in its views of race and equality - and how far is left to go .
Watch how Edgerton 's Joel , a stoic man of few words , puts an arm around Mildred without seeming to think about it , naturally wanting her near ; watch how Negga lets her performance speak through her expressive eyes , always looking for Richard .
Loving provides a timeline for the social evolution that would enshrine love , however blind , into law . Nichols ' true success is ... in how he captures the unwavering love between Richard and Mildred .
On its own Loving is already one of the best movies of the year , but timeliness gives the potential for profound impact .
It is a solid drama - but you ca n't help but wish at least some of it was depicted in a more dynamic and interesting way .
An easy realism and an intimate domestic perspective on events that became consequential to national history ... replacing histrionics with a genuine curiosity about what it must have been like to live this story from the inside .
There 's much to like in `` Loving '' , a historical true-life drama that is relevant today .
It presents its heroes as people . It stays true to them .
A resplendent and remarkably subtle , yet deeply affecting , drama about the 1967 U.S. Supreme Court decision that invalidated state laws prohibiting interracial marriage .
Negga is a wonder as the quiet storm at the center of the film , conveying much of her performance through her amazing eyes that telegraphs enormous strength .
Loving is a first-class actors ' picnic , with the advantage of having real-life meaning in the always-thorny arena of American race relations .
Loving is a well-crafted reminder of times that some folks think are returning and why they probably wo n't .
Loving is the work of a phenom director firing on all cylinders . The story is both heart-breaking and uplifting ; the enthralling production design and cinematography actually romanticize such an ugly era , and the performances ca n't receive enough praise .
A quietly effective love story that does n't succumb to Hollywood convention and allows Joel Edgerton and Ruth Negga to deliver two of the year 's best performances .
Nichols eschews courtroom theatrics to focus on the more personal details of the Lovings , whom the director obviously respects and admires . They 're like the black-and-white Ford Victoria Richard drives , with the two tones beautifully coexisting .
He may need a lawyer to tell the nine old men on the Supreme Court he loves his wife . We see it in every frame .
Effectively acted and occasionally moving , the film both benefits from and is undermined by writer/director Jeff Nichols ' no-frills approach to the circumstances leading up to the court case .
It 's a movie so powerfully told it has the potential to act as a gateway to greater acceptance and tolerance .
Filmmaker Jeff Nichols -LRB- Mud ; Take Shelter -RRB- has recreated the world lived in by Richard and Mildred Loving for a new feature film made with authenticity and laudable restraint .
With all that 's happening in the world right now , Loving could not be coming out at a better time .
A pair of solemn , unostentatious performances by Ruth Negga and Joel Edgerton help to raise the bar just slightly higher than the one set by a benignly routine Lifetime movie .
Nichols shows us ... the power and strength of living decently .
With extraordinary performances by its two lead actors and a quietly observational tone that tells us so much by saying very little , Loving scores as a mighty , nearly miraculous portrait of a love affair .
Loving has a big , powerful story at its fingertips but only scratches the surface of telling it .
Sadly , the historical significance of the event gets somewhat shortchanged in the low-key approach that this filmmaker has taken , making Loving , for the most part . a missed opportunity .
The driving force behind Loving is the couple 's enduring commitment to each other and their children . The bond is palpable and deep .
Gifted filmmaker Jeff Nichols hits high notes in low tones as he focuses his narrative on the Lovings looking at the story from their point of view .
Negga and Edgerton make these noble people three-dimensional , turning a docile , unambitious couple with neither the self-knowledge nor the words to launch a social revolution into unlikely protagonists in the civil-rights movement .
The cinematography , the set design , the costumes , the overall feel of Loving : all first-rate . Negga and Edgerton are undeniably good . I was impressed . I just wish I 'd been more deeply moved .
Writer/director Jeff Nichols serves history faithfully , if at times with too much deference , in a handsomely mounted dramatic recalling of a landmark U.S. legal battle .
The beautifully simple final scene elegantly displays the size of the stakes , with are both simple and universal .
the humanity , driven by remarkably honest performances from Negga and Edgerton , shines through
The most important picture of the year , and one of the best .
May feel overly subdued in telling such a major civil rights story in such a low-key fashion , but Nichols ' gently intense approach is true to the character of the couple that made history without meaning to .
I like this movie a lot , but it may be too intimate , too slow for some moviegoers . The approach feels organic and wholly intentional , though ...
Intimate , moving and superbly underplayed , `` Loving '' is every bit as soft-spoken and subtly implacable as its protagonists .
This is a drama , but it 's also a horror story .
Joel Edgerton and Ruth Negga are exceptional .
Loving -LRB- a title that works on more than one level -RRB- unhurriedly recounts this husband and wife 's near decade-long ordeal in a manner commiserate with their quiet and unwavering commitment to each other .
Despite the confrontational nature of the subject matter , Loving is not a loud movie . It 's a dramatic whisper instead of a shout .
The fine , quiet , carefully modulated ... `` Loving '' from writer-director Jeff Nichols is the opposite of a rabble-rouser .
It does n't grab you by the shirt and insist that you watch it . It 's quieter and more like life , not exactly triumphant and definitely not sad , just complicated .
The performances are very fine . Watching Negga , I was afraid to blink - I wanted to see everything that passed between Mildred and Richard , no matter how fleeting .
Jeff Nichols 's lived-in drama is honest , sensitive and quietly powerful , taking its cues from Grey Villet 's iconic Life Magazine photo of the Loving couple .
The writing , direction , performances and production elements are filled with a grace that leaves a lasting impression .
For all of its subtlety and restraint , `` Loving '' washes over you , seeps into your blood stream and remains there long after the film is over .
`` Loving '' is both a love story and the subject of that landmark SCOTUS decision in 1967 . The couple endured great adversity , and it is depicted well , and , in the end , overcame that adversity in a big way .
Stoicism rules Loving at the expense of all but the barest hints of sentiment .
Edgerton and Negga seamlessly create that strong bond , sharing small moments of aching tenderness and subdued joy while expertly conveying the fear and uncertainty that accompanies this grueling ordeal .
Loving leads us to this triumph quietly , keeping a tight focus on this modest , soft-spoken couple . But it owes most of its power to Negga .
In Loving , quiet domesticity evolves into revolutionary political action , and it 's a beautiful sight to behold .
Loving is a dogged work , not a great or inspired one , but it gets to you nonetheless .
The power of the film 's final act , where the Lovings finally have created a safe place for themselves and their children , can not be exaggerated , so Nichols does n't exaggerate .
Loving is not a love story , a historical trailblazer , or even a complex examination of marital fidelity ... Instead , -LSB- it -RSB- is a pedestrian recap of a historical moment that ... can be regarded only with condescension or self-congratulation .
... provocative and poignant , bolstered by strong performances and an evocative sense of time and place .
No grandstanding here , no Sorkin-style speeches about love , freedom and cultural legacies ... Loving proves the language of love is n't always best expressed in words
Negga ... gives an Oscar-worthy performance . She 's so still and powerful , she gives the film a depth the script does n't earn .
... another solid effort in Nichols ' top-notch body of work .
Moving drama about interracial couple 's historic fight .
Nichols and his team have made Loving as accurate as they could without making it feel like a copy of reality or compromising its considerable emotional impact .
It 's a goodness that at least rings true with the Lovings themselves , whose devotion to each other under such an onslaught is convincingly steely . This is due in large part to Negga 's performance , which gives Mildred 's reticence a righteous core .
Edgerton is likely to get more attention , though it is Negga 's incredible performance that makes the film so powerfully subtle .
Nichols does n't go after big moments here - even the Supreme Court scene ends after Cohen 's opening remark . What he 's done instead is presented a normal family and left his audience to deduce the madness of their condemnation .
The depiction may be true to life , but it 's deadening to drama , which here is mainly situational .
The stabbing simplicity of Negga 's acting is breathtaking . Jeff Nichols has given us a quietly devastating film that resonates for the here and now and marches to the cadences of history and the heart .
Mr. Nichols 's most distinct aesthetic choice is the movie 's quietness and the hush that envelops its first scene and that eventually defines the Lovings as much as their accents , gestures , manners and battles .
Once the outrage and indignities of their arrest and jailing have come to pass , the film spends a lot of time on their daily lives , and the portrayal of their day-to-day existence is not as compelling .
Loving honors its subject , its audience and the movie medium .
A few fireworks would n't have undone the movie 's quiet humanity .
A moving true-life reminder that the rights most Americans take for granted were n't always rights for millions of people .
Loving is modest , quiet , and deep . Like all Nichols ' work with his long-time cinematographer , Adam Stone , the film highlights the lush beauty of the rural American South .
One thing that Loving gets right in a way that few civil rights dramas do : It insists on racial discrimination as a systemic problem , not merely an interpersonal one .
Nichols ' marriage-equality drama is beautifully observed and quietly restrained . Maybe a bit too restrained .
Nichols does n't much embellish this true story , instead simply observing two lovers standing their ground on what will slowly become the right side of history .
Like life itself , Loving breathes and makes mortals of its participants ; it 's bold within its conventionality .
The force of Nichols ' film is a steadily accumulating one . The Lovings , played with exquisite quietude by Negga and Edgerton , are steadfast and pure .
-LSB- Loving -RSB- manages to feel equally quiet and sensitive as it does powerful and important .
In making the political personal , the movie pulls off an even greater feat : infusing an easily politicized story with complexity and quiet passion . The result is beautiful .
Most movie audiences need a little zing in our love stories ; we like to see lovers who make frequent eye contact and who sometimes act as if they truly love each other .
The real artistry of Loving ... is in the quiet grace Negga and Edgerton bring to one of recent history 's most important romances .
You ca n't put the heart in prison . `` Loving '' is about a time they tried .
Rarely has a film of such historical importance felt so vivid and relatable .
Could easily be called awards bait , though to dismiss it on that account is to overlook some fine performances and moving moments .
A poignant period piece about a pair of practically-saintly role models well-deserving of their iconic status in the annals of American jurisprudence .
Just as she holds the family together , so Negga possesses the film , and you ca n't stop looking at her eyes .
The soul of the film is in the astounding performances of Joel Edgerton and Ruth Negga .
One of the more authentic depictions of true , eternal love ever put to screen .
A sublimely understated civil rights drama .
Nichols knows that the key to his film is to just tell their story , simply and directly , and let the other stuff take care of itself .
A film that slowly sneaks up on you , imbued with such quiet emotions that you do n't feel its full weight and beauty until it ends .
It feel more like you 're watching real lives and events rather than a big bombastic movie with lots of overwrought drama .
It 's a patient film , and it requires some patience from its audience . But its rewards are gentle and winning , and for once , a cinematic history lesson that does n't feel artificial and processed in every pore .
A down to earth ode to love itself , albeit in a rather mild form , sweetly acted by two exceptional actors .
Loving has an appealing immediacy that is undercut by its reverential tone . But its message resonates .
Nichols ' approach is careful , reserved and deeply considerate of the human story he 's trying to tell .
Instead of simple heroes or avatars for big ideas about equality , Loving delivers complex , imperfect human beings who are struggling to find their place in a far from perfect world .
A very strong effort for Nichols , who 's truly proving himself to be one of the great American directors .
Nichols ' attention to detail , willingness to trust his audience , and desire to tackle multiple social themes of the time at once result in a rich , rewarding viewing experience .
Its two central performances will certainly be remembered during the next awards season . -LSB- Full review in Portuguese . -RSB-
-LSB- CANNES 2016 -RSB- Jeff Nichols 's `` Loving '' is an anodyne telling of the interracial Virginia couple -LRB- Richard and Mildred Loving -RRB- whose 1967 Supreme Court case forever altered regional laws allowing such couple 's rights to marry .
There may be no film more important this year , no performances more moving , no film more beautifully and poetically directed than Loving .
It 's a well-crafted historical drama that pays minute attention to recreating the period and the couple 's personal history , with much dialogue and legal particulars based on documented fact .
Nichols tells this shocking story straight , slowly , spaciously , beautifully , with the calm integrity with which he approaches all his film-making .
It does n't trumpet its importance obnoxiously , and it 's packed with performances of quiet power , with Negga as the breakout .
Loving just asks , over and over , `` Is n't it wrong that two people who love each other this much are being persecuted for no reason ? '' Indeed it is , but I knew that before the movie started and had been hoping , quixotically , for something more .
A sensible , compassionate but nigglingly uncomplicated drama .
If Loving can be accused of being too muted , its central performances speak volumes .
Loving 's restrained drama has a strong emotional undercurrent carried by the tender bond Nichols shows between the couple .
Ruth Negga slips into gentle Southern mode to play Mildred , opposite a bullock-like , stubborn Joel Edgerton as Richard in this film by Jeff Nichols .
Edgerton and Negga are both superb , giving heartrendingly fine performances as two people bewildered by the events that have engulfed them .
Nichols ... tells the Lovings ' story in a way that feels immediate and modern , and not just like a history lesson .
Jeff Nichols is on a roll this year with two releases so far , Midnight Special and now Loving . Will quantity be at the cost of quality ? Resoundingly not .
A noble subject and an impecable execution , but zero thrills . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
I left feeling ambivalent . There 's much to admire in Nichols 's film , but there 's not enough to embrace . It 's respectable , but it could have been ravishing .
Nichols stays true to his sensibility , avoiding the melodrama or the back-patting triumphalism you expect from such movies . Loving downplays the historical significance of its subject in favor of a quiet humanity .
Nichols avoids falling into melodrama or `` oscar bait '' territory , keeping a low tone without over doing it . This makes the film more humane and real . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Loving is basically an exercise in subtelty . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Loving confirms the director 's habilities as a trustworthy narrator . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The message Nichols and the cast of the film portray is so strong and efficient it will stay with you long after watching the film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Nichols display a lot of the psychological , visual and narrative intensity of his previous works with the support of a remarkable cast . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Nichols approaches this momentous moment in history and true story of injustice with his usual understated assurance .
The film 's determination not to overcook any single scene means the tears it eventually draws feel honestly come by - and the wind-rustled beauty of Adam Stone 's cinematography make us realise this world should n't be simply written off as a bad job .
Loving has Jeff Nichols ' trademarks but it lacks the nuanced storytelling that made his previous films so successful .
Loving should confirm Nichols ' reputation as a mature filmmaker of great tact and intelligence .
What lingers most is the vista of Ruth Negga 's strong , furrowed , defiant face .
It finds little grooves of humanity to explore in its characters , and in its milieu , in between the expected plot beats .
A socially conscious drama that admirably underplays its importance .
It is an important subject and a valuable movie .
Powerful , understated performances from Joel Edgerton and Ruth Negga carry director Jeff Nichols ' oh-so-sensitive portrait of a mixed-race marriage forbidden in 1958 Virginia .
This heartwarming and wonderfully refined film might not do a whole lot of things we have n't seen before in the civil rights era picture , but it does the familiar stuff with enormous care and control .

@highlight

Loving takes an understated approach to telling a painful -- and still relevant -- real-life tale , with sensitive performances breathing additional life into a superlative historical drama .