Davies ' films , in their own way , are indicative of the social fissures of our moment .
The film is intense and not just because it stars Rachel Weisz and Tom Hiddleston , who probably have the most potent eyes in the business , though they are a large part of it .
This is a fine film , a throw-back to the wonderful American films of the 40s and very much worth a visit to the cinema -LRB- as these Brits would have said -RRB- .
Now a new film of the play appears , adapted and directed by Terence Davies with Rachel Weisz in that stellar -LSB- Hester Collyer -RSB- role and with Rattigan 's work in a freshening treatment .
The movie is an exquisite period piece , slow and dank , and unduly persuaded that it 's rendering a classic .
Weisz makes Hester 's dilemma interesting for a while , but even an actress as fine as she ca n't begin to mold the character into someone worth caring about .
By the time she learns love is less about ideal romance than `` wiping someone 's ass '' when they grow old , it 's difficult to care about a problem she created for herself .
The character is a victim of her own decisions , but Weisz 's bruised performance in The Deep Blue Sea yields empathy for being battered by doomed romanticism .
The heart wants what it wants and all that ; it 's anybody 's guess why that might be .
Rachel Weisz performs a superb star turn here , but I 'm still in a deep funk after watching this gloomy drama .
As rumbling and tremendous a meditation on self and suicide as there 's ever been onscreen . Director Terence Davies has now made masterpieces across four decades .
While the film has some of the same characters as the play , the crucial relationship between Hester and the former doctor , Mister Miller -LRB- Karl Johnson of `` Hot Fuzz '' -RRB- is reduced to almost nothing in the film .
Terence Davies : More poetry of pain
-LSB- Weisz ' -RSB- performance that transforms her from actress to movie star .
Though `` Deep Blue Sea '' is a quiet and stately film on the surface , it 's powerful and raw underneath .
Theater chamber piece efficiently directed and written by Terence Davies .
Have your exit route mapped out before the lights go down .
The Deep Blue Sea is an eloquent love song . It 's both hauntingly pitiful and very human . It 's love in all its labor .
... so ravishing as pure cinema , it would likely work just as well - if not better - if the dialogue was turned down and the Barber played on .
Taking its tone from bombed-out post-war London , Davies ' film is far from cheery , but if you do n't mind the slow pace and can overlook the director 's trademark mannerisms -LRB- including the almost obligatory pub singalongs -RRB- , there 's much to admire
A triumph of style and substance - a rare distinction that Davies has managed time and again .
... will sort the lovers from the cynics in a heartbeat .
Davies visually enhances the content of the play in a purely cinematic way .
The design is stunning and cunning : In one shot , a breath of cigarette smoke comes to brilliant cumulous life as Hester blows it into an otherwise invisible but purposefully placed shaft of light .
There is more to the dense , deliberate and emotionally turbulent `` The Deep Blue Sea '' than its painterly style and anguished subject matter .
It 's never a good thing when your main character is the least interesting person onscreen .
Terence Davies does n't make movies so much as he makes moods , languorous explorations of time and space that coalesce like a cloud of fragrant smoke .
... an indigo tone poem about romantic restlessness - some call it `` lust '' - that is at once devastating , infuriating and a little unsatisfying , despite the best efforts of the actors and some genuinely beautiful visuals .
Rachel Weisz is impressive , but The Deep Blue Sea is never as good as it could have been .
Intense presentation of the limitations of passion and the depth of real love .
The Deep Blue Sea looked good and featured a fantastic leading performance from Weisz but the men fail the film , like their characters fail Hester -LRB- Weisz -RRB- . Maybe that 's the point .
`` The Deep Blue Sea '' is n't a big or bold or conventionally ambitious film . It 's only a superb one -- which , I fear , may not be enough to garner it the attention it deserves . Feel free to prove me wrong .
The best parts of the movie , like the scene with William 's mother , involve isolated set pieces in which Weisz interacts with another actor .
Somber analysis of 1950 's hypocrisy .
A story of passion and its aftermath ; of what happens when an unhappy woman goes chasing after something shiny , only to find how quickly it fades .
Davies does n't provide stylish counterweights to the heavy drama . Any story that starts with a woman writing a suicide note is cheating us of an honest investment in the outcome .
Come for the music and the visuals , put up with the story , and enjoy a rare feature film from a master filmmaker .
For all of its theatrics , The Deep Blue Sea is a flat portrait of love and the depressing depths of heartbreak .
`` It 's difficult to judge when you 're caught between the devil and the deep blue sea . '' So it is .
Weisz gives a heartbreaking performance ; her Hester spirals into doom , hungry for the physical pleasures she has found .
Hiddleston is good as the fickle playboy but Weisz , who smoulders as Hester , is better .
The plot is formulaic ; the power lies elsewhere .
This beautifully photographed film , which starts with an outstanding long crane shot accompanied by Samuel Barber 's haunting violin music , breathes fresh life into what might have been an arcane story from another , not so fashionable , era .
Thank heavens then for Weisz whose fierce , but rarely in a fashion that distracts from the hushed events around it , performance sees the actress wrapping her tongue around the fabulous dialogue .
Boasting a first-rate screenplay and cast , and a wonderfully nostalgic atmosphere , this sometimes veers toward melodrama but always rings true .
The Deep Blue Sea best combines Davies 's representation of memory with a traditional narrative structure . The result is his finest film to date .
The challenge to make this play work is immense , and it has not been successful . Understatement of emotions has been translated as lacking pace
Hopelessness , contemplation , confusion , anger and regret form a moody cocoon , as the film 's beautiful protagonist , superbly portrayed by Rachel Weisz , tries to manage the maze of emotions
This is Rachel Weisz 's movie . She 's as luminous as a Pre-Raphaelite portrait , yet she brings to Hester a high-wire , modern tremulousness ...
Davies presents the story with a formal painterly eye , forcing us to attend to the emotional detail that Hester experiences - constrained as she is by the social structures and values of strangulated post-war Britain
It 's about getting your heart broken and what can be learned from that .
The main reason to see Davies ' second version of Rattigan 's 1952 play , which is meticulously directed but thematically dated , is Rachel Weisz 's astonishing performance as the troubled femme .
A showcase for a performance , and the director is largely focused on making the best possible environment for that performance to absolutely devastate us .
An oddly muted , inert tale of adultery and unrequited passion in post-war London .
Davies ' vaunted style is not enough .
This is an extremely deft job of adaptation .
It 's not the film it could have been but the sheer skill of the great Rachel Weisz and the great Tom Hiddleston make it a film worth seeing .
This exquisite realization is as vital as can be in depicting the timeless tortures of the romantically damned .
You 'll ache watching Weisz 's vulnerable , wounded performance as a woman trying to shake off the conventions of the past and dive into a bolder future .
It 's a time machine of a movie ; but who will want to take the trip ?
Maddeningly oblique and incomplete , despite paying what at times feels like excruciating attention to the minutiae of a dying love affair 's final hours .
Rachel Weisz - in what has to be the performance of her career , and there have been lots of good ones - plays an intelligent woman in the grip of a lust that 's too big to handle or suppress . She can either ride the tiger or be devoured .
It feels current . That 's to do with the timelessness of Davies 's idea of how lush a film can feel . It 's also to do with the modernity of his star .
The film feels pity for the exhausted city of London . The vast metropolis was the scene of greatness during World War II , but a few years later , it is drab , hungry and without optimism .
Rattigan 's drama is a small room to maneuver in , and in the end Hester 's despair is hers alone .
In scene after scene , painful pauses in conversation seem to amplify the incessant ticking of the clock in the room , a subtle reminder that time rolls onward and our brief lives are not to be frittered away .
`` When Davies is able to get away from the bed-sitting room Rattigan chat , he creates some of his most lushly romantic emotional spirals upward set to popular music . ''
The impact of the gorgeous images ca n't compensate for the fact that in dramatic terms ` Sea ' comes across as stilted and affected .
An underwhelming experience despite stylish cinematography and a brave performance by Rachel Weisz .
Davies manages to convey plenty of passion among characters who are n't compassionate at all .
Director Terence Davies can paint melancholy and misery in as many shades as the Eskimos allegedly have words that mean `` snow . ''
Even as it settles a bit more comfortably into its story of romantic disillusionment , The Deep Blue Sea is marked by a kind of profound stasis of choice .
Captures a very delicate sense of romantic decay .
It 's a clumsy , dated and stodgy production -- ugly to look at , unromantic in the extreme .
In addition to Davies 's visual style , the film benefits from precision acting from players who get the most out of Rattigan 's dialogue .
A collection of beautiful visual compositions , deliberate long takes and all-around distinguished dramatics that remains perilously detached from start to finish .
A shimmering exploration of romantic obsession and the tension between fitting in and flying free .
While it dwells in troubling circumstances and crippling personal mistakes , the feature holds steady as an authoritative piece of drama .
1950s story about an alluring woman who leaves her husband in search of sexual passion with a younger man .
That 's the difficulty in warming up to The Deep Blue Sea : The first thing we see Hester do is foolish and inconceivable , which makes it hard to get invested in her future .
Though Davies is paying more attention to plot here , this is still a personal and monumentally artistic achievement .
Try to stay on board . Whenever it does briefly slip away , it carries you along on a wave .
Certainly stage-bound and dusty , but it 's a perfect vehicle for Davies the aesthete/social critic .
-LSB- Weisz -RSB- does a fine , understated job within the parameters of Davies ' stripped-down adaptation .
What excited me about this movie , other than seeing Rachel Weisz in such smart dresses , is the notion of a woman being so unprepped by her culture to experience anything resembling passion .
Davies is in fine form here , with luminous perfs , especially from Rachel Weisz , rounding out a classy package .
... although this is a handsomely mounted production , -LSB- Davies -RSB- and his star , Weisz , are unable to make us empathize with Hester 's dilemma ...
The social and psychological particulars , and the wonderful period details , are part of the background . And Mr. Hiddleston and Mr. Beale , disciplined and sensitive actors though they are , exist in the penumbra of Ms. Weisz 's incandescence .
A great play made into a dreary , over-indulgent movie .
Exceptionally well-made and completely fearless in its depiction of the widest range of romantic emotions , this is a film as fiercely committed to passion as its heroine , and that 's saying a lot .
Beale is moving as a good man who wants to understand his wife but can not , while Hiddleston aptly captures the baffled resentment of a bachelor who 's been dragged into someone else 's melodrama .
Rachel Weisz , as a woman who risks everything for the love of the wrong man , carries the mood and subtext of the material safely tucked in her dressing-gown pocket -- she 's vulnerable and self-motivated in all the right measures .
In the face of Weisz 's magnificence , it 's impossible to dismiss The Deep Blue Sea as dated and creaky . Weisz makes it timeless .
the work of a British master
About the only positive things about this dark film and its abstruse ending are that the acting is very good and the ambience is fittingly depressing .
Earns a place alongside Letter From An Unknown Woman and The Heiress , those beautiful romantic tragedies about women whose love curdles and rots when they get nothing in return .
Passion defies reason in The Deep Blue Sea .
In a world where everybody sounds like Celia Johnson , interior tortures are an aristocratic luxury counterpointed with earthly realities like the Blitz .
The Deep Blue Sea is uneven and somewhat tentative in its evocation of a certain kind of fading moss rose among English womanhood , but it 's mature , sophisticated filmmaking that is so welcome I recommend it highly .
Plumbing disquieting depth , Deep Blue Sea investigates the insoluble dilemma of romantic love : the expectation , contrary to experience , that we can or will find every quality that we want in a single person .
After only six fiction features , Davies has staked out a subterranean psychology : forwardly gay , openly torn and just short of miserable .
Sombre and powerful .
Its director 's romantic sensibilities wed to Terrence Rattigan 's 60-year-old play , this period drama is buoyed by Rachel Weisz 's poignant embodiment of a bourgeois wife seeking erotic autonomy .
The Deep Blue Sea is more concerned with replicating period detail than anything else .
The intimacy of Davies 's direction captures the brilliance of Weisz and her co-stars ' performances .
-LSB- VIDEO -RSB- Musky with a dry wit that induces laugh-out-loud chuckles , Terence Davies ' spot-on adaptation of Terence Rattigan 's brilliant 1952 theatrical stage drama , is a finely crafted gem of British post World War II malaise .
Rachel Weisz 's stirring performance allows us in the audience to feel her character 's heartbreak
The film opens with an aural barrage of violins , before the camera is soon swirling around limbs on a bed with such inventive style it challenges your perception of the human form .
Performances are very good but I found it hard to feel for the characters , especially as we learn so little about the background to the relationships .
Davies vividly catches the mood of Rattigan 's tattered post-war England , of painfully observed proprieties on one hand , untameable desire on the other .
Despite the emotional hurt on display , there 's not much grandeur .
A heady and often heartrending study of lovers at loggerheads ...
It 's an interesting exercise , bolstered by strong performances that stay the right side of pastiche , but it does n't quite grab the heart the way the best romantic dramas do .
Davies elicits outstanding performances from his central triangle , all sympathetic in their various ways , lacking in self-awareness and victims of sorts .
The scars of the heart have their outward reflection on these dark , broken streets , with little pockets of warmth and solace in the pubs where Londoners huddle .
The Deep Blue Sea is a melancholy film without a doubt , but with great sweetness and delicacy .
The movie is mostly wonderful .
Even more melodramatic , badly written and poorly acted than Twilight : Breaking Dawn .
Are the camera moves graceful ? Of course they are . Hypnotically graceful . Even the cigarette smoke looks like it 's taken ballet lessons . But there 's a bit more to the drama than meets the eye .
Required viewing .
Classic Davies territory and a potent reminder of why he is a director to cherish .
Every frame of this film feels meticulously crafted , as we are led to fall in love with the idea of all-consuming passion , while being serenaded by the arousing score .
Davies fans will be used to his unique style but his slow-motion narrative could have unfamiliar pundits bewailing the fact the Battle of Britain went the other way .
It 's sad as a story and deeply evocative as a period piece , but it fails to take a grip on the heart in the same way that the very best of Davies 's films do .
A stylish , self-contained , evocative drama with strong lead performances that overcomes the odd dip here and there to provide a distinct and satisfying experience .
In an age of hubbub , its patient elegance is a rare thing we should nurture .
Every speech and pause is measured , every gesture neat , every line delivered to the back row of the stalls .
The film never shirks its essential sadness , despite occasional shafts of humour . In that , it is totally faithful to Rattigan 's vision and remains a fine example of how to turn theatre into film .
Beautifully shot and exquisitely designed , this is a powerfully emotional British drama with a terrific central performance from Rachel Weisz , though it 's also thoroughly depressing and you might need a good stiff drink afterwards .
The movie is occasionally moving and very well-acted , but despite all the crying manages to feel slight .
The Deep Blue Sea remains flat as a duck pond , the prisoner of a story whose relevance , even in metaphor , has lost much of its sting , and whose dialogue has more than a whiff of a French and Saunders sketch ...



@highlight

Featuring an outstanding performance by Rachel Weisz , The Deep Blue Sea is a visually stunning , melancholy tale of subsumed passion .