This intelligent movie becomes a gentle reproof of prejudice and ignorance , and I wish I could find some excitement in it .
Honestly , it 's hard to see why `` Jimmy P. '' was ever made .
It may not always treat psychology with the sophistication it deserves , but it at least acknowledges that it 's an imperfect method of personal understanding .
Avoiding the usual therapy-drama story beats , Desplechin has made a densely satisfying drama about Freud , racism , and sympathy in its largest sense .
A fascinating cross-cultural experiment that eventually runs itself into the ground .
What grounds the film is the chemistry of the main performers .
In warming quite a lot to Jimmy P , it 's possible that I 've gravitated to what Desplechin 's long-term admirers might regard as the wrong film .
The pain and sadness of Picard 's life are perversely relegated to another time and place , one the film can only visit from the distance of his recollections . By the end , -LSB- Arnaud -RSB- Desplechin makes him known thoroughly , but not vividly .
The fine lead performances by Benicio del Toro and Mathieu Amalric are the highlights of the artfully crafted , fact-based drama Jimmy P. , which tries -LRB- sometimes in vain -RRB- to make psychotherapy cinematically intriguing .
The sterile process that the film is fixated on is admirable , but Jimmy P. rarely gets at anything engrossing or interesting about its characters .
The movie offers the most psychologically complex screen portrait of a Native American character in at least twenty years , probably more .
-LSB- A -RSB- ruminative , gentle and absorbing new film .
Jimmy P. tells the more-or-less-true story of two men 's friendship and one man 's recovery . Beneath that , though , is a meditation on exile and lost identity in which very different people share remarkably similar circumstances .
It 's mysteriously interesting , almost a Rorschach Test , with little details sprinkled throughout that we may or may not catch . It 's open to your interpretation .
Because it is so unabashedly Freudian , the movie also seems old-fashioned and often just dull .
Benicio Del Toro 's sad , penetrating eyes loom heavy in this intellectually intriguing but sadly dull biopic .
Solid work from stars Benicio Del Toro and Mathieu Amalric lubricate the movie 's hunt for understanding , but overlength tends to erase the effort 's achievements in the end .
The film is nearly devoid of the sense of mystery and wonder that usually permeates Desplechin 's work , and features only a meager handful of his signature expressionistic interludes .
` Tell a dream , lose a reader '' is the Henry James advice that the makers of `` Jimmy P : Psychotherapy of a Plains Indian '' should have heeded .
The French director overcomes melodramatic tendencies in the early part of the movie to settle into something more subtle and interesting -- the tête-à-tête between two excellent actors fully inhabiting their roles .
Seems to struggle in making its interesting ideas apparent , leaving them stranded beneath the dry surface of an otherwise ordinary procedural .
Focuses on the playing off of two actors in the developing of rapport and empathy between two very different human beings .
A chronicle of the spiritual retrieval of a lost man 's soul through the work of psychoanalyst/anthropologist .
Just `` not-horrible '' enough , yet are still thoroughly and transcendently boring
While a clinical approach does n't disqualify a movie from being riveting , the straightforward , unflashy style can sometimes be draggy rather than revelatory or engrossing .
Rather than suggesting a director trying something new , Desplechin 's first outing in the US seems to have robbed him of his personality .
-LSB- Desplechin has -RSB- come a cropper in this lethargic , self-important psychiatry study , which he himself seems to have directed from the couch .
Del Toro and Amalric 's many analytic interactions come to feel like arias ; Desplechin 's films often have this intimately , unsettlingly operatic feel , as if the camera were recording a performance for proscenium at too close a range
A shakily uneven return for the director , entrenched in the more laborious , bone-dry methodology of its famous case study rather than probing the complex emotional state of the titular character .
This is a superb , engrossing picture , strange in all the right ways , and one I long to see again .
After the sprawling , messy but rich A Christmas Tale , Desplechin falls short with Jimmy P . The mind may cure the soul for Jimmy P. , but Desplechin ca n't seem to find that quality in his own picture .
`` How much longer do I have to stay here ? '' he enquires of a nurse at one point . You ask her , Jim , ask for us all .
At its heart a tale of redemption , played through a culture-clash dynamic as the French analyst and his patient build a relationship , and it 's hard to resist the similarities with The King 's Speech .

@highlight

Jimmy P. has interesting ideas and talented stars , but director Arnaud Desplechin ca n't seem to figure out how to bring them together .