Leaving his traditionally bifurcated structures behind , Apitchatpong Weerasethakul plunges even further into the realm of tropical surrealism , tapping into parallel realities and past lives with a delicate restraint that is all his own .
Uncle Boonmee is art that embraces , rather than reorders , life 's chaos .
`` Uncle Boonmee '' is a pleasant enough experience , but it does n't say anything and is instead content to merely project the sort of neo-Orientalism of which festival programmers and art-house patrons are so enamored .
Uncle Boonmee Who Can Recall His Past Lives is boring and completely fails to engage on any level . Simply put , it 's much too strange for its own good .
A film about recurrent visions and round-trip journeys : a movie not just about previous incarnations but about the possibilities of multiple and diverging paths into the future and out of the past
Weerasethakul 's sixth feature is a typically slowburning experience of art cinema that does n't feature a single spoken word until eight minutes in and is as equally enchanting as it is infuriating .
Uncle Boonmee is about ... the moments when our worlds expand ; when our outlines turn out to be more porous than we thought .
Uncle Boonmee is a film to be experienced for its immediacy and thought upon for its ineffability .
Fits neatly into Weerasethakul 's cinema-shaking oeuvre of beautiful experimentation . -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB-
One to absorb , to wonder at , and , perhaps most significantly , to give exposure to lines of thinking that one might not be familiar with .
Beguiling , frequently baffling and frustrating .
Weerasethakul 's sincerity is evident , though the film 's meditative pace and vague philosophical undertones will not be for everyone .
A stunningly beautiful visual experimental Buddhist film .
Truly enchanting .
Weerasethakul is operating here in a specific liminal space between experimental artwork and arthouse filmmaking .
This is a film that wants to be interesting , and it certainly is that . Whether you want to dine with the ghost and the monkey-man or not , they bring a new perspective to the table .
As is to be expected , Weerasethakul frequently abandons the story for trancelike contemplations of nature , but never before in his work has the device felt more purposeful .
While the result is pretty much the definition of a film that should be experienced , not explained , there 's no sense here that Weerasethakul is being difficult for difficult 's sake , or even attempting to conceal his mysteries .
It playfully invokes both the lifestyle and animistic beliefs of the Northeast country folk , and the primitive magic of early Thai cinema , relating both of these to his musings on reincarnation .
Even if it ca n't be recommended to everyone , -LSB- it -RSB- blossoms inside you the longer you allow it to .
-LSB- Compared to Weerasethakul 's earlier work -RSB- it 's easier to get a handle on the edges , more opaque in the middle , and not as radical in its ideas or its execution .
If you are open , even in fancy , to the idea of ghosts who visit the living , this film is likely to be a curious but rather bemusing experience .
The movie is n't paced as a conventional narrative ; its story imperceptibly droops , like a heavy frond .
What would pass for longueurs in another director 's movie become commands for rumination here .
To visit with these characters is like watching what seems to be a slideshow of unrelated events , memories and reincarnation fantasies , but what connects them is a hypnotic quality and a serene embrace of both life and death .
Uncle Boonmee is a film that feels like some sort of skewed satire on the sort of drivel people will digest as art ...
`` A film that will linger in your thoughts and dreams for a long time after waking from its intoxicating slumber . ''
For a film that moves slowly , presenting ideas for us to mull over , `` Uncle Boonmee '' is so intriguing and beautiful to look at that it passes surprisingly quickly .
A lustrous pastoral reverie
This is a film kind of for everyone . It deals with such a basic theme and it expresses it very clearly .
Excruciatingly flat , Apichatpong Weerasethakul 's `` Uncle Boonmee Who Can Recall His Past Lives '' is the kind of tedious foreign movie that gives `` art house films '' a bad name .
Ethereal , meditative , and surprisingly funny amidst it all ; I ca n't wait to watch it again -LRB- and a third , fourth , and probably fifth time , at least -RRB- .
Cannes Palme d'Or-winning film takes patience to sit through but eventually rewards with its unstressed beauties and affectingly deadpan surprise .
A strange and challenging but not unrewarding experience .
It takes a while to get used to Joe 's peculiar style of filmmaking , but once you do , you 'll go with the flow , not worrying about the abstractness of the plot .
Perhaps the best way to experience Uncle Boonmee or really any Weerasethakul film is to let his odd vision of the world sweep over you and not sweat the details too much .
If you can weather some slow patches -LRB- and there are plenty -RRB- , this boldly original , oddly affecting meditation on the afterlife will reward you with moments of profundity that will linger in your consciousness -LRB- or subconsciousness -RRB- for a lifetime ...
An entirely unique portrait of a man crossing over from one lifetime to the next .
A special taste , dreamlike and sometimes opaque , or at least translucent , to logical analysis .
`` Uncle Boonmee Who Can Recall His Past Lives '' is a one-of-a-kind mixture of the extraordinary and the everyday .
masterful and unique
A moving , gently reassuring tale that softens the boundaries between humanity and nature , life and the afterlife .
It 's that rarity in any medium , a totally unique work of art , and that it 's a bit of a mess does n't detract much from how mesmerizing of an experience it can be .
This is a mesmerising film that is endlessly unexpected , engaging and fascinating .
Spirit , animal , and human worlds coexist in dreamy harmony in this remarkable drama , winner of the 2010 Cannes Palme d'Or .
A mesmerizing Thai film about death , reincarnation , and the abundant mysteries of the human adventure .
The key is to let yourself go with the meandering current of its narrative .
Apichatpong Weerasethakul 's Palme d'Or winner is freaky and fascinating .
Weerasethakul is , in fact , the blandest of visionaries . His picturesque images lack the intensity found in the great folkloric artist-filmmaker Julián Hernández .
The deepening mysteries and almost trance-like states Weerasethakul 's films produce in the viewer are by design : a purposeful sounding of the hidden potential of cinema and consciousness .
Instead of nostalgia for vanished magic , there is the recognition that magic is always present if we know where and how to look . Mr. Weerasethakul certainly knows where to look and is generous enough to share some of what he sees .
A work of unostentatious beauty and uncloying sweetness , at once sophisticated and artless , mysterious and matter-of-fact , cosmic and humble .
Uncle Boonmee should count himself lucky if none of his future lives include having to watch this movie . Watching it seemed to last several lifetimes .
I have been a fan of Apichatpong Weerasethakul 's for years , and his stature keeps growing .
The slightly muzzy , blended photography is often beautiful , and an aura of the uncanny-the spirit life entering the everyday-is strangely affecting .
Uncle Boonmee is entrancing-and also , if you 're not sufficiently steeped in its rhythms , narcotizing .
Takes a sweet , long time to work its magic on you .
full review at Movies for the Masses
What you see and hear always seems perfectly natural , even if you ca n't exactly say why . Who needs words when you have cinema ?
A slow-burning cinematic riddle that worms its dreamy abstractions through the likes of melodrama , comedy , horror , fable , and documentary , -LSB- the film -RSB- is a free-spirited , hypnotic masterpiece-and that 's not a word to be thrown around lightly .
A work of voluptuous imagination and teasing humour .
Mesmeric and meandering , Uncle Boonmee is worth a viewing , and it has great qualities , but as an overall experience it never quite reaches the heights it often feels like it might reach .
The narrative is devoid of any conventional structure , and the pace is punishingly slow .
Images drift towards the skeletal story like moths , refusing direct interpretation . But what 's important is the seeing .
Meaning may prove elusive , and boredom is never exactly kept at bay , but what 's on screen is unique and beguiling enough to make it worth persevering .
I have n't a clue what it all means but it does exert a strange fascination .
A film so entrancing , original and hypnotic that the moment it finishes the immediate impulse is to watch it again .
The film 's stark approach to the fantastic and supernatural wo n't appeal to the mainstream , despite a distinctive and visually arresting presentation .
Apichatpong does n't use his camera to stress what we should be looking at , thinking or hearing . He uses long takes and subtle edits to generate moods , atmospheres and feelings .
As in his Tropical Malady , Weerasethakul brings plants and animals to vivid life , his skilful observation of nature an important counterpart to Uncle Boonmee 's more esoteric elements .
It is a total wonderwork : enchanting , bizarre , complex , original .
Play along with it and enjoy one of the most bizarre and original films to come out this year .
Uncle Boonmee 's mix of the banal and the numinous will not be to all tastes , but the open-minded will find that its mystery and strangeness weave a powerful spell .
A gentle trance-out and the strangest Palme d'Or winner in a while .
Mesmeric in the way that staring at a tank of tropical fish for a couple of hours is mesmeric . Still , just the ticket if you 're high , recovering from major surgery or are a cat .
Less a Palme D'Or than a Dalme Sn ` Or .
Apichatpong Weerasethakul 's Palme d'Or winner Uncle Boonmee Who Can Recall His Past Lives is a unique and mesmerising piece of filmmaking , but it wo n't be to everyone 's taste .
Easy to eulogise but tough to explain . Funny strange , funny ha-ha and finally affecting , it 's a film of poignant , quietly patient power ...
There 's crap , and there 's pseudo-intellectual crap . Uncle Boonmee apparently falls into the latter category .
A beautiful , slow-moving meditation on life , death , and relationships that transcend time and space .
It 's horrifically slow , almost entirely plotless , obsessively monotonous and deliberately impenetrable .
Fascinating , hypnotic and deeply , deeply weird , Apichatpong 's Palm d'Or winner is a beautifully shot Thai drama that will baffle and amaze in equal measure .
Freed from progression through rational connections , the film moves leisurely , as in dreams , with events and sequences puzzling to the waking consciousness .
Uncle Boonmee is less a case study in death by degrees than it is a magical and baffling tone poem on the idea of reincarnation .
A mystical mood piece , this Palme d'Or winner is n't as hypnotic as the Thai master 's previous , Syndromes and a Century , but it has some absolutely stunning sequences . The vaporous mingling of the earthly and the supernatural settles over the film .
Shooting with an unfussy vérité aesthetic , Apichatpong crafts a delicate , enveloping spell , creating a world where the intrusion of the supernatural is almost commonplace .
It startles you with effects that go back to cinema 's origins , a technique that paradoxically feels more revolutionary than regressive .
From human to beast , old to young , and living to dead , Weerasethakul 's characters are in constant evolution .
Uncle Boonmee is a delightfully original , if not entirely explicable , story of a dying Buddhist man 's journey into the jungle .
Throughout Uncle Boonmee , Weerasethakul sees weirdness and wonder in the mundane , from the taste of tea to a daylight stroll across a field alive with the buzz of honeybees .
This is a visionary film in the director 's characteristic style : mysterious , dreamlike , gentle , quiet , magical .
It 's barely a film ; more a floating world . To watch it is to feel many things -- balmed , seduced , amused , mystified .
A whimsical essay about the final days of a villager suffering from kidney failure it is undoubtedly one of the filmmaker 's most accessible works .


@highlight

Languorous and deeply enigmatic , Palme d'Or winner Uncle Boonmee represents an original take on the ghosts that haunt us .