What makes Tokyo Tribe ultimately unique , if still problematic in its sheer amount of chaos , are the underlying politics .
One of the joys of Japanese cinema is how it not only wholeheartedly embraces genres , but also happily mixes them up .
Even to call it a perverted ultra-violent dystopian Japanese gang war hip-hop musical , while covering all the bases , would miss what makes the film so indelible .
The nearly two-hour run time starts to feel like a concert where the hype men wo n't get off the stage .
There 's a strange power to Sion 's filmmaking that goes beyond the midnight-movie oddness of the plot . He likes the silly and the strange , but he has the style of a Spielberg ; he can work wonders with a camera and make the dumbest ideas work .
It 's as if the American hip-hop culture has been fully lost in Japanese translation and skewed as something cartoonish .
It 's an infectiously over-the-top and unquestionably idiosyncratic mess , but it only holds together for as long as you 're impressed by its commitment to an admittedly novel premise .
The novelty wears out long before Tokyo Tribe is over . That 's because there 's nothing really happening here except for the execution of the novelty .
The cumulative effect ... is numbing .
Masquerading as a hip-hop martial arts musical , Tokyo Tribe is mostly just a puerile male fantasy come to hypercolor life .
The novelty factor fades midway through , and not even the bizarre sight of a -LRB- computer-generated -RRB- tank rolling down the streets and bombing buildings could really sustain or amplify the flagging energy of it all .
so insistently over-the-top from the start that the results are just fairly amusing when they ought to be exhilarating .
... Tokyo Tribe plays as a gleeful , explosive phantasm of color and energy .
A gonzo , garish mash-up of `` Clockwork Orange/Blade Runner '' and `` Streets of Fire . '' A mess , but you 've never seen anything like it .
With its gonzo martial artistry , hip-hop performance , hyper-stylised cinematography and production design , and brazenly dumb throwaway gags , the film is often almost as fun as it sounds .
If it 's too loud -LRB- or too fast , or too weird -RRB- you 're too old .
Sono 's hyper-kinetic high jinks will not be to all tastes , but this promises and delivers a quintessentially Japanese level of insanity .
Kung-fu hip-hop musicals do n't come along very often , and having seen this one , I 'm quite glad about that .
This slab of lurid , pervy , blood-soaked silliness from cult Japanese director Sion Sono is kind of a hoot .
Tokyo Tribe is a film which goes out of its way to be as scattershot and lively as possible in its execution , yet is strangely bereft of much in the way of thrills or humour .
This Japanese hip-hop musical is a wild , at times exhilarating watch - but an exhausting one .
After the exhilarating shock of the opening this rapidly becomes monotonous and unpleasant .
Sono 's delirious oddity of gang warfare and renewed hope offers a phantasmagoric world unlike much else visualised in live-action cinema .
There 's a halfway interesting movie in here somewhere . Beneath the rampant sexism and borderline schizophrenic mishmash of tones , that is .
this meandering , mediocre film never quite knows what to do with its big , bonkers concept .
Tokyo Tribe is a Japanese rap opera . That 's it , that 's all you need to know . If that 's not everything you ever wanted to see in a movie , I ca n't help you .
... the movie runs out of steam long before it arrives at its bloody , action-packed climax ...
Tokyo Tribe is a perfect festival film , a feverish rhapsody that tempers the seriousness of other TIFF films with its astronomic silliness and pitch-perfect urban poetry .
An often fun , thoroughly brainless movie ...
Sion Sono 's film imagines gangs not as rebels without a cause , but a lost generation of displaced , poisoned youths .
Tokyo Tribe executes a wonderful idea with wild daring , amazing production values and enough rampant sexism to pretty much spoil the whole thing .

@highlight

Tokyo Tribe 's wild mishmash of tones and genres is n't always as much fun as it ought to be , but it 'll hit the spot for filmgoers in search of something different .