Honestly , Sleight deserves a sequel , as with the origin story out of the way there is room to create something truly bold and refreshing within the oversaturated superhero genre
I just ca n't recommend you rush to the theater to see it . This movie feels like a practice run . Hopefully the next collaboration between Dillard and Blumhouse - a `` survival horror '' called Sweetheart - will be better .
Sleight 's payoff and take home messages are good enough to mostly forgive its glaring flaws .
Sleight is a strong feature debut for Dillard with great moments that tend to pick up the more humdrum bulk of the film . It 's definitely uneven , but the glorious , jaw-dropping climax is worth the price of admission alone .
Director by J.D. Dillard brings this under-the-radar drama close to genre cliches but deftly avoids them with his strong characters , fine storytelling , and vivid atmosphere .
Sleight ... is a minor film with major virtues : tenderness , imagination , and a strong grasp of character and setting .
There 's more going on here than meets the eye , but Sleight 's sleeveless heart beats true and conjures its characters to wild life .
Overly familiar drug-dealer-wants-to-get-out plot saddled with a scientifically insupportable gimmick as its solution .
For a film at least partially about magic -LRB- and , `` science-magic '' -RRB- , it lacks a decided bit of that necessary misdirection , and the proceedings are often predictable . Sleight is , well , slight .
A street magician with a magnetic personality baffles spectators in a reasonably entertaining naturalistic drama .
If Sleight was n't so entertaining , one might be tempted to define it as a social drama in which we are witnesses to the lack of opportunities young black men are provided .
A creative twist on the urban thriller .
-LSB- Latimore -RSB- has a magnetic screen presence mixed with a down-to-Earth directness . And while he 's got swagger for days , he 's just as compelling when his character is quietly contemplating his next move .
The seams still show at times - this is obviously a low-budget movie - but for the most part , it 's surprising , intriguing , and fun .
The film lives and dies by Latimore 's performance , which is quiet and ever-shifting .
Too slow out of the starting gate and too thin with conflicts , struggling hard to find its position as either something incredible or something sincere .
Dillard 's feature debut squanders its high concept ... and serves up a low-rent , Nickelodeon-lite version of that story , blowing his chance with corny acting , paint-by-numbers plotting , and a dippy score .
A tight tale well-told , with an appealing hero , a direct route to satisfaction , and the ever-present sense that the merest turn toward stylistic extravagance or adventure frippery would sink it .
Dillard 's not interested in the Zing ! Pow ! Bam ! Sleight is quiet , almost naturalistic , even when Bo is stopping bullets with his bare hand .
Sleight is a captivating slow burning thriller and brilliant origin story .
Sleight is a slow-burn drama that does n't feel as fresh as it may want . But what it does , it does well because of its deep commitment to its characters and the creation of its tone and world .
Sleight succeeds with its creation of a modern quasi-superhero in Bo and the launching of an electric new leading man in Latimore .
Magicians and movies need skill and flourish to enrapture their audience . Sleight gets by with only one of those ingredients . It could have been a showstopper with both .
Like Moonlight and Get Out , this is a non-traditional , multi-genre film with impressive cinematography , a smart screenplay with some creative twists - and brilliant performances from the lead players .
It ... becomes a weirdly expository melodrama .
An unlikely superhero origin story , executed with the style , themes and budget of independent cinema .
Like the best illusionists , it knows that mystery is the key to its magic .
There 's real joy in these -LSB- magic -RSB- moments , and you pine for more of them as the film wears on and Dillard baits-and-switches us , focusing more and more on the monotonous good-kid-gets-in-too-deep-with-bad-guys story .
Sleight never shows much interest in exploring how blackness can inform its genre 's tropes .
Sleight 's greatest trick is hiding expected action for so long , only to capture attention through more familiar dramatic trappings .
Underneath the film 's unconvincing portrait of urban woe ... is a well-paced superhero narrative that keeps you engaged .
Magic tricks become shorthand for the power of personal transformation in JD Dillard 's modestly scaled thriller that 's equally an accessible domestic drama .
Sleight is a film that may not feel as fresh as , say , Chronicle , but its low-budget genre sensibilities mixed with more urban undertones speak directly to the sort of entertainment audiences are craving these days .
J.D. Dillard 's smooth-as-silk crime drama is an efficient piece of work .
Outside of a couple performances , Sleight does nothing to upend our expectations on any level . It 's the cinematic equivalent of pulling a card from a deck , being told the card , and then the show is over .
Ca n't overcome the sense of a filmmaker pushing too hard to make his movie awesome , when he had n't yet figured out how to make it good .
The element of magic - handled skillfully by Latimore and by Dillard , a magician since childhood - is enough of a novelty and an expansion of the gangbanger playbook to give Sleight some legs .
Creative and resourceful with its limited budget , even if `` Sleight '' does n't buzz your tower as much as it could , it 's still compelling and worthwhile .

@highlight

Sleight subverts genre norms , delivering a smart and well-acted -- if ultimately somewhat frustrating -- magical mystery .