Set It Up is the kind of film to discover while surfing through streaming . It 's that kind of comedy . And that 's OK . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's wildly predictable and a little cheesy . And yet , it 's an absolute gem of a movie .
Not only does `` Set It Up '' deny straight female viewers a fantasy in which men genuinely respect women , the film tells straight women that a douchebag is the best they deserve .
Set It Up shows there 's plenty of life left in the genre when you 've got strong writing , sharp direction , and killer leads .
Directed by Claire Scanlon , whose background as a comedy editor is felt in every frame of this breathlessly paced feature , Set It Up is ... fine . Heck , I 'll even say it 's good !
Really , though , the movie is cinematic Soylent : flavorless , joyless , and devoid of any surprises . It 's a testament to the film industry 's years of neglect that we leave feeling full .
Set It Up works because it knows the long line of romcoms it comes from .
The finest romantic comedies are invariably comfortable in their own skin without once getting under yours and Set It Up checks both of those boxes emphatically .
It 's not perfect , certainly , but it 's an emotional support blanket of a film , an old-fashioned rom-com led by stars with palpitating chemistry .
A decade ago , this would have been a limited theatrical release indie rom-com that few people saw . Hopefully , it 's being streamed and enjoyed by a ton of people .
As a sucker for this kind of romantic idealism , Set It Up slapped a goofy smile on my face during its best moments . And as a fan of these stars , I was ecstatic to see them sharing the screen as the romantic leads .
It knows the rules of romantic comedy , and it knows we know the rules , and the way it plays with those rules while still staying true to them makes for a very satisfying movie .
The film is fun and endearing and feels like both a throwback to the beloved rom coms of the 90s and something new , fresh and exciting .
Set It Up is exactly the kind of easy-to-watch movie with attractive New Yorkers that will satisfy that part of you that loves nothing more than eat pizza on a couch and be wooed by a love story .
It 's a feel-good throwback to Nineties romantic comedies like When Harry Met Sally and You 've Got Mail that left me warm and nostalgic for the simple pleasure of falling in love .
Such a fun , enjoyable and funny romantic comedy it probably would have been the biggest box office hit in the genre since The Proposal . Lucky for Netflix and its viewers .
It 's not spectacular , but it 's perfectly nice , which is plenty when you are n't trying to convince somebody to leave their house and pay $ 15 for a ticket-just to stretch out on their own couch .
Set It Up , from its title on down , is a fresh mixture of a reliable formula .
Set It Up pitches forward a new , diverse world for bubble-living viewers unaware that this world has been around them all along .
Love ! Assistants ! Wordplay ! This film has it all-at least by the standards of a fun , disposable romantic comedy , the likes of which Hollywood rarely bothers to release anymore .
Set It Up is as formulaic as they come . That fact alone is n't enough to avoid it on Netflix though .
While so many recent renditions of the rom-com have tried to upgrade the genre - usually by going the raunchy route - Set It Up feels so purposefully classic and familiar that it plays right into that nostalgic feel-good spot .
Right off the bat , Set It Up nails the most important element of the romcom formula : chemistry .
-LSB- Zoey Deutch -RSB- is electric : Funny , clever , and unimaginably cute . She 's basically the streaming Meg Ryan .
As cheery as it is , `` Set It Up '' has some truly awful moments .
Upbeat , engaging romcom has language and drinking .
Like a classic screwball farce , Set It Up 's four leads hurl lines at each other like 60 m.p.h. sliders . It 's an unabashed rom-com ... So here 's our command : more films like Set It Up , please .
What the film lacks in quality , it makes up for in cheeky charm . It 's as dizzying in its logic as it is shallowly delightful .
It 's ridiculously enjoyable . Set It Up is funny , charming , and lovable in the way that any decent romantic comedy should be .
The New York summer romance we did n't know we needed in our lives .
Big screen rom-coms so rarely work that it 's almost criminal this one shows up on Netflix first .
Set It Up does n't make any attempts to step outside its genre sandbox - it 's content to build a perfectly nice sandcastle right in the middle of it .
Set It Up is a classic rom-com brought to life by a pair of wonderfully well-matched stars who seem to revel in the genre . This is cinematic comfort food , the kind we 've been starving for .
A rare romantic comedy that has its own distinctive look , rhythm , and storytelling voice .
It 's the stars who have to work hardest to sell this kind of egg-white confection , and so they do .
With enjoyable performances from its actors , Set It Up will set you up for a fun time .
Set It Up is delightful and a nod to the classic romantic comedies that we all know and love . With two perfect leads cast in Zoey Deutch and Glen Powell , Set It Up is sure to have you grinning from ear to ear from start to finish .
The sort of strained , protracted romantic-comedy that gives the genre a bad rap .
The movie achieves the highest honor for a streaming romantic comedy , which is that it 's perfect to watch while eating takeout Chinese food on your couch and also drinking wine that has been in your fridge too long .
Set It Up is cute , sweet , funny and yes predictable but it does what it sets out to do and that is to entertain - which it executes very well .

@highlight

Set It Up follows the long-established outlines of the rom-com template -- and in the process , proves there 's still substantial pleasure to be wrought from familiar formulas .