The gory details of this imagined world are just too specific to have any resonance . We 're left with a solemn yet pulpy horror flick .
Tense , creepy and layered with historical parallels , this could be the horror film of the year .
Suspenseful and thought-provoking , The Cured is a serious , engaged horror movie . More upsetting than scary , it ratchets up the tension unsettlingly . There 's life in zombies yet .
My tolerance for zombie acting and zombie drama in the style of Danny Boyle 's 28 Days Later is never all that high , and the tropes are a bit familiar here .
Struggles to move beyond genre clichés .
Though it does n't quite achieve its potential , The Cured is troubling as any exploration of such subjects should be . It is also timely and humane .
The brainchild of Irish writer-director David Freyne , this powerful and provocative post-zombie flick offers a fresh take on the genre , making it a must-see for genre fans .
The Cured marks an auspicious debut for Freyne , who showcases an impressive eye for detail .
Over-ambitious perhaps , but Freyne 's intensely executed ` infected ' fable packs tension , resonance , and clout .
Though The Cured loses its way a little in the final act , it offers delicious variations that facilitate new -LRB- if not exactly fresh -RRB- flavours of creepiness and great scope for socio-political metaphor .
There 's enough originality to give the film punch , and it 's gratifying to see the Irish setting so well integrated .
Bitterly disappointing .
Freyne 's film is full of good ideas shot in and around north central Dublin . It just about gets away with evoking a zombie plague on a small budget and Vaughan-Lawlor lends the movie a certain Shakespearean grandeur .
As much about forgiveness as fear , -LSB- David -RSB- Freyne does n't neglect the kitchen sink drama dynamic in the lost souls triangle of his three central characters . His film is all the better for that
In the end , The Cured is a film which will make the viewer think , jump at frights , and possibly cry twice during the last ten minutes .
At its best , it has the provocative cunning of a `` Black Mirror '' episode . Unfortunately , `` The Cured '' becomes less cerebral and more predictably action-oriented in its third act .
David Freyne creates a thoughtful and provocative zombie film .
... a unique and engaging reworking of an enduring genre .
The feelings are right , and that 's very much the main thing .
Coming at a moment when the Good Friday Agreement and the fragile peace in Northern Ireland ... are at risk of being unravelled by Brexit negotiations , The Cured is a timely exploration of tinderbox issues through the prism of a familiar genre .
The Cured has more on its mind than grit and gore . It also benefits from a cast that knows how to make us feel as if what we 're watching is grounded in a world populated by real people .
It ca n't quite decide which of those two it wants to be . Still , it 's smart and ambitious and pursues ideas in a way that other brain-eating flicks -LRB- with the exception of Romero 's original Dawn of the Dead -RRB- rarely attempt .
When a thoughtful film like `` The Cured '' takes advantage of classic zombie elements , we are inspired to talk about larger questions that actually confront us . Fear of the other is a disease still in need of a cure .
Debut director David Freyne has obviously seen entirely too many George Romero movies for his own good .
As debuts go The Cured is a strong one , and I 'm curious to see what Freyne has up his sleeve next . But while I do feel like those intrigued by the scenario will be satisfied , for my part I still could n't help but want more .
It 's not that writer-director David Freyne is incapable of finesse - `` The Cured '' has long and affecting passages marked more by sadness and melancholy than horror - but he seems to have misjudged the overtone here .
`` The Cured '' drops the politics to become a straight-up zombie flick not nearly as intriguing , though no doubt better for box office .
The movie is swimming with ideas , but it values concept over character to a problematic degree .
The Cured is a terrifically tense thriller that works both as a simple genre effort and a deeper exploration of how we treat those who 've trespassed against us .
The Cured is an easy recommendation for genre fans and for those who want a lot more brains in their zombie films .
The Cured may not necessarily be a romp - 'em - stomp - 'em zombie flick with copious amounts of blood and gore , but it 's still a powerful confrontation of many of the complicated socio-political affairs at the forefront of the news these days .
The Cured is a fantastic zombie film with intelligent writing , precision direction , top-tier acting , and sincere sociopolitical themes and parallels that are essential in elevating horror films to something greater than just scares and gore .
As they navigate the chaos , the film mostly sidesteps genre clichés , managing some genuine emotional resonance amid the inevitable blood and gore .
The Cured is n't quite the best from this new crop of post-traditional zombie movies , mostly because it choses to play it all so traditional in the end , but it is an engaging , thoughtful addition to the growing subgenre .
A slow , mild exploration of guilt , grief , bigotry , and militant sectarianism , all in the context of a treatment for a zombie virus . Tepid and frustratingly underdeveloped , with few surprises .
Post-zombie-outbreak horror flick is strong on atmosphere , weak on plot and character .
The Cured is going to be a genre film to beat in 2018 .
Writer/director David Freyne 's The Cured is a different kind of zombie film .
The Cured is flawed but it 's easier to forgive the problems associated with an ambitious vision than something interested only in providing an evening 's distraction .
... a pretty good notion , though nothing comes of it because the first-time filmmaker , David Freyne , has so many undigested ideas on his plate-guilt , innocence , bigotry , forgiveness , atonement and , if you please , a replaying of IRA strife .
The confluence of rebellion , personal responsibility and genre violence never quite gels , perhaps because the realities of a zombie movie ultimately dictate where these things are headed .
Anyone digging through the cemetery soil again had better have fresh ideas . `` The Cured , '' the debut feature from David Freyne , has roughly two .
`` The Cured '' is n't light , bloody fun , retaining an impressively curated heaviness about it , with Freyne laboring to making something different with familiar working parts .
There 's a sneakiness to this film 's first two acts , as if writer-director David Freyne is desperately trying to convince you that `` The Cured '' is n't headed for the zombie-movie third act that it obviously , inevitably is .
Unfortunately , all of these factors fail to coalesce in the end , as the jumbled , manic finale builds to a messy implosion .
It 's a moody horror movie that favors metaphor over mayhem until its violent , chaotic final third , at which point the screaming starts in earnest .
Thought-provoking and sometimes wrenching twist on the zombie genre .
While the film is constricted by a limited budget , it 's still disappointing how few visual risks are taken on such an alluring idea .
The Cured has everything going for it , but ends up far less than the sum of its parts . It 's a waste of a brilliant idea , a waste of some great actors , and ultimately , a waste of time .
This rehabilitation of walking-dead tropes comes with unusual resonances .
The Cured may owe much to viral shockers like 28 Days Later , but its political and personal insight elevates it alongside the best of contemporary European realism .
Rarely as interesting as its premise ...
Heartbreaking , compelling and terrifying , The Cured is a quick way to re-examine our capacity for forgiveness , tolerance and above all , fear
Mostly it plays as a somber drama about grief , guilt and self-loathing , with both lead figures shell-shocked in their way .
It 's a clever concept that 's fairly well executed , if a tad contrived in spats , with tension that slowly boils to the surface as the zombies inevitably come back for a bite .
There 's a drab air to this low-budget film ... which even Sam Keeley 's presence and Tom Vaughan-Lawlor 's menace ca n't totally re-animate .

@highlight

The zombie apocalypse genre is crowded with clichés , but The Cured sets itself slightly apart with some extra BRAAAAAAAAAAINS and thematic depth .