Like most sports films Glory Road works best when it is actually showcasing its sport ... off the court , however , it 's alternately flat and didactic . Director Gartner goes to great pains to drill the films message in , early and often .
Glory Road does n't have any of the individual moments that humanized Hoosiers , The Rookie , and Miracle . It 's a feel-good sports movie by the numbers .
Playing out like Remember The Titans for basketball fans , Glory Road is yet another would-be inspirational true story that follows sports-movie conventions .
First-time director James Gartner observes all the rituals -- the coach busting chops , the team sneaking out to party -- but the players are indifferently characterized and the civil rights story has a fake Black History Month feel .
Why must Hollywood lace every African-American drama with elements of comedy , as if black people find everything comical ?
It is n't meant to be a movie that makes us think , or that makes us uneasy in any way . It 's meant to make us feel good .
Trying to make a sports movie for the entire family is understandable , but it makes a complicated story like Glory Road feel more like Disney than reality .
This is the type of story that 's better suited to the documentary format .
An underdog sports movie by the numbers .
Like Hoosiers , this Jerry Bruckheimer film is a David and Goliath sports saga that holds just as much suspense and interest no matter how many times you watch it .
It 's Remember the Titans on the basketball court . Count it right up there with the best of Disney 's fine sports flicks .
History wins in by-the-numbers sports flick ...
... it 's ultimately rather difficult not to get caught up in this inspirational true-life tale .
Determinado a ressaltar a importância da história que está contando , o filme mergulha em erros factuais , maniqueísmos e clichês , transformando algo significativo em puro água-com-açúcar .
Gartner makes a hash of the game scenes and must resort to voiceover sportscasters to explain what 's happening .
A darn good story , told with enough conviction and impact to connect with people who do n't know the difference between a three-pointer and a field goal .
The familiar territory covered here may leave you wishing for something that digs deeper into the soul of a sportsman 's passion .
The true story is fascinating , groundbreaking and inspirational . It 's a shame the cinematic treatment is predictable , conventional and trite .
All you need to know : it 's a sports movie about race produced by Jerry Bruckheimer
The problem is not that they made the wrong movie , but that the movie they decided to make was n't very good .
Well-made , well-acted and even well-directed .
A great documentary could emerge from this story -- a film that deserves it .
It 's a safe and succinct tribute to a powerful true story , a breezy historical drama that aims for the gut more than the heart . And it succeeds in only that dimension , as an inescapably escapist one-course meal . But what history it has to work with .
This would be a pretty run-of-the-mill sports movie except for one thing , its historically-significant subject matter .
when dealing with the blatant racism depicted here , a film should be held to a higher standard
Glory Road is another in a long line of feel-good sports movies about people who beat the odds through hard work and perseverance . We 've seen it before , and we 'll see it again . But that 's OK . These films keep coming back for a reason .
Glory Road is a rousing and worthy tribute to one of the most important college basketball teams and one of the most important championship games of all time .
I highly recommend it .
... the real drama of the first all-black starting five to win the NCAA college basketball championship deserves more complexity and character development .
`` Glory Road '' is structured as smoothly as a well-executed game plan .
Grappling with cliches , it 's a sappy slam-dunk , formulating yet another slick underdog sports story .
It has a vague appeal and a comfortably detached way of storytelling .
Paved with self-important statements from the opening whistle ... I 'm surprised Rosa Parks did n't show up for the bus ride when the Miners make the NCAA tourney to play the all-white Kentucky Wildcats
It 's a terrific story with great performances and players you care about . They shoot , they score , nothing but net in my book .
Despite a noble effort this film comes off as ` Hoosiers ' lite
The team 's accomplishments are here diluted into fodder for another of the producer 's feel-good man-weepies .
Disney probably issues an instruction manual to directors assigned one of its inspirational sports movies .
It 's a new year , so let 's run through those sports movie clichés one more time .
` Glory Road ' does n't achieve cinematic glory because it fails to add personality or connect with anything below the surface .
If you 've seen all of the holiday releases , and are looking for something which wo n't make you run out of the theater screaming , this is a good choice .
It was only a game , but for these seven young men , it was their way to gain respect from a predominantly white society .
Remember the Titans ? Of course you do . And here 's another great sports movie from Disney .
Disney runs history through the same Hollywood melodramatic redo that made Miracle , the Olympic hockey saga , such a crowd pleaser in 2004 and The Rookie a winning baseball film in 2002 .
Just a retread of an age old formula . The film had the potential to do something a little different with it , but did n't take the opportunity .
What is difficult to ascertain about Glory Road is where fact ends and fiction begins .
Glory Road really is n't a bad show - it 's just an obvious one - and one wishes material of this historical import had received a more refined rendering .
An absorbing film .
Do n't demean this picture . This is n't just one of the worst sports movies of all time ; it can hold its own with the worst of any genre . If you 're not a basketball fan , this film is boring , manipulative , and banal . If you are a basketball fan , it 's worse .
A sweaty package of sports movie cliches .
Similarities between Glory Road and Remember the Titans -LRB- 2000 -RRB- are purely intentional .
Another true -LRB- ish -RRB- story of a Vietnam-era sub-Mason-Dixon Line sports team played by and for Crackers , and the topsy-turvy struggle they must all undergo when the Blacks come and make them all feel intermittently uncomfortable and angry .
The fact that it 's loosely based on a historical event does n't change anything . Formula is formula .
Only a few quibblers are going to point out that Glory Road takes a fantastic real story and muddles it with sloppy storytelling that fails to trust the source material
Glory Road becomes that rare sports movie that realizes that buzzer-beating shots are n't the only dramatic moments in a game .
... Deals with the issue of race about as realistically as can be expected from a Disney movie .
Glory Road , the true-ish story of the first all-black NCAA championship basketball team , throws down a 360 slam dunk in the face of racism .
An appealing Disney sports movie that underplays its potential , Glory Road is at least a more satisfying basketball saga than last year 's Coach Carter .
Even knowing the outcome , sports ' fans will cheer the lightning-fast , dynamically edited on-court action that 's only slowed by a few lumbering , heavy handed scenes .
Lacking the gritty reality of the 1994 documentary Hoop Dreams , this Jerry Bruckheimer film , directed by newcomer James Gartner , converts a year in the life of a basketball team into a very conventional triumph of the underdogs .
OK , so you really do n't need me to tell you about Glory Road if you 've ever seen a sports movie before . Just get out your sports-movie-cliché checklist and a pencil .
Glory Road abandons the clinical and compelling storytelling of the great recent Disney hockey movie Miracle , and aims instead for the contrived sentimentality of the slightly less great Remember the Titans .
The basketball drama Glory Road is about as smoothly predictable as a well-aimed ball arching from a hand toward a net , but is , still , inspiring .
Somehow , Bruckheimer keeps the sentimentality to a minimum and keeps his story moving at a very nice pace : four fast quarters and a halftime .
A nice , diverting little picture that takes no risks -- a good movie that could have been a great one .
When a movie this corny still inspires , ` feel good ' feels just right . Stay through the credits , when the ` real ' coach and players talk , and you 'll see the real Glory in this tale .
Heart and verve in surfeit makes the film rise above its flaws often enough to win you over .
Really , the material is ripe for Hoop Dreams documentary treatment , but instead we get hoop hyperbole from producer Jerry Bruckheimer .
As Coach Haskins would say , it wins because it sticks to the fundamentals .
Glory Road is a pure Hollywood fantasy . As movie fiction , however , I guess it is entertaining enough .
In the end , a sports movie is only as good as the adrenalin rush it provides in the climactic match , and there , finally , Glory Road hits on all cylinders with nonstop action and a powerful emotional impact .
Glory Road 's greatest strength is that it 's just a great story , acted well .
To the credit of everyone involved with Disney 's Glory Road , all things familiar still become exhilarating and inspirational .
It 's a well-trod path , this ` via de basketball , ' but Glory Road makes it worth the trip .
If the facts of the story are essentially true , their presentation is as formulaic as ever .
Glory Road does n't live up to its title , but it plays a good game .
Glory Road is a ca n't - lose slam dunk of a movie , the sort of film that charges right over its minor flaws thanks to good intentions , fine execution and a breathless air of excitement .
We 've all been down this Glory Road before . But just because we 've already traveled it does n't mean it 's not worth a return trip .
All involved with the project play the game with enthusiasm and purpose , which is all we really require from a committed team and an affirmative movie like this one .
Where was Stephen A. Smith when you needed him ?
While Bruckheimer and Co. stretch the gospel theme too far and leave no emotional waypoint unmarked , Glory Road largely works .
Glory Road delivers both uplifting drama and exciting sports action in a package that 's smarter than it has to be .
A well-meaning movie that slides downhill like a runaway ball of cheese .
Glory Road ranks near the top of recent ` inspirational ' sports movies , leaping over such efforts as the unsurprising Dreamer , and the fine but overly directed The Greatest Game Ever Played .
First-time director James Gartner fluidly captures the emotional crests and nadirs of such pivotal match-ups .
Is it time already for another based-on-a-true-story feel-good Disney sports drama ? Did n't that golf movie , The Greatest Game Ever Played , just come out ?
the story is convincingly told , and first-time director James Gartner builds it into a crowd-pleaser that belongs in a league with ` Remember the Titans ' and ` Coach Carter . '
In a day and age that has violent slasher flicks gobbling up movie-goers ' box-office bucks , it 's refreshing to see a film that stresses cooperation , effort and racial equality over shock value .
You know the drill . Enthusiastic , hard-driving coach arrives at a backwater school and inspires his underdog team to athletic and moral victories .
Interviews with the real-life Haskins and others during the closing credits are more interesting than the movie , and suggest the story of this incredible team will be told best in a future documentary .
The players and coaches of Texas Western changed the sport of basketball forever ; Glory Road accomplishes nothing .
... reduces a compelling , complex sports story to a fairy tale .
It is a perfectly nice , often times thrilling , overall remarkably superficial and glossy foray into the sporting world , just barely stepping above the cliches of the genre it so often embraces upon it 's way to a feel-good climax .
For all its faults , the film brings back a forgotten moment in racial equality more vividly than a documentary on ESPN Classic .
Like a moderately exciting amusement ride ; occasionally fun , but after years of riding this same plot , the same old twists and turns get awfully tiring .
Until inspirational sports films stop making us feel good , expect several more . This is a fun ride that will make you smile .
Succeeds at bringing an important part of sports -- and American -- history into the minds of today 's audiences .
Just substitute a basketball for the Titans ' pigskin and the predictable , mildly satisfying formula works just fine .
If you have not already seen Remember the Titans or Miracle or The Rookie or Hoosiers or Coach Carter or Rudy or The Bad News Bears or The Mighty Ducks then perhaps you will love Glory Road .
There are far too many `` dramatic music '' cues - you know , the Aaron Copland-influenced ones that creep in just as the actor is about to say something truly important .
This film fails not because it is conventional , but because it is lazy and dumb -- unworthy of its subject matter .
Familiar , but fun .
There is simply nothing resembling real life in the film , just basic cable motivations and infantile storytelling that somehow lucked itself into a big screen release pattern and budget .
a classic crowd pleasing movie full of predictability , but it comes with some good acting , a little humor and a touching story as well .
a tepid , artificial , and cliché-ridden carbon copy of Coach Carter , Friday Night Lights , and Remember the Titans .
A fine , family-friendly pic about a white coach who demands perfection from his mostly black basketball team .
Sometimes it takes a sports movie to remind us how far we 've come as a country -- and to marvel at how we got here at all , in our awkward combination of leaps and baby steps .
A scrappy and fast-paced sports flick set in 1966 that also deals with heart and racism .
Exacerbates difficult issues by blowing them into underdog sports cliches and , more damning , race caricatures and slapstick , sitcom misunderstandings and pat rapprochements .
By knocking the edges off Glory Road , Bruckheimer has turned a raw , compelling story into bland pudding .
The performers serve the story , acting with humility and respect , never going for the glamour or the drama .
When coach Don Haskins sent out five African-American starters to face off against an all-white Wildcat team , barriers were broken , but Glory Road just hits the wall .
The air of deja vu is thick as molasses in Glory Road , a lively but overly slick and grindingly predictable sports drama that tells the story of the NCAA-winning , Cinderella season of the 1966 Texas Western University Miners .
It 's one helluva story , and if this moving , and even thrilling little movie finally brings Haskins and a truly great American sports story to light , then three cheers and hooray .
The film is engaging , even if it is somewhat lackluster
However inspiring the actual events were , the movie feels like an opportunity lost . A powerful , significant true story like this deserves more than the ordinary .
Viewed as a re-creation of a watershed moment , Glory Road is sturdy , efficient , perhaps even worthy . Taken as cinema , however , it falls far short of inspiring .
This season 's obligatory inspirational coach-centered sports movie finds its true story at a point where sports history intersects with the struggle for racial equality .
It 's a terrific story of a team of Davids with hoop dreams running a gantlet of patrician Goliaths against a backdrop of momentous social change .
First-time director James Gartner 's movie is less a study of race than it is a fast break of underdog clichés and ` inspirational ' speeches .
the fact that this one 's a little muddled , a little messy , often works in its favor .
Glory Road is a rah-rah piece of inspirationalism from Disney and producer Jerry Bruckheimer , who obviously wants to go one better on his Remember the Titans .
Glory Road , a stand-up-and-cheer basketball tale taken from real life , is a drama that , almost inevitably , falls short of its subject . But what a subject !
About as derivative and forgettable as this genre comes .
Glory Road plays fast and loose with some of the facts leading up to that event . But that certainly gives it dramatic punch .
At 106 minutes , the slicing off of a slew of choppily interspersed subplots could have made Glory Road a leaner , meaner , message-delivery machine .
The big game at the end of the film has the momentum and rhythm of a really exciting basketball game . It 's just that the 90 minutes that come before that scene are n't so great .
That core audience should be generally pleased with Glory Road , a college basketball story as predictable as North Carolina 's old four-corner offense .
Where it succeeds is as the story of a chapter in history , the story of how one coach at one school arrived at an obvious conclusion and acted on it , and helped open college sports in the South to generations of African Americans .
The movie tries to push every button and please everyone involved , and its expressway of good intentions is little more than just a patchy re-paving job
Disney 's fact-based , sports-movie formula has become so familiar by now that watching another one of these films nearly serves as a sedative - if not outright anesthesia .
A few sizes too small for the story it wants to tell ... a picture that leaves no cliche unturned in its journey to a foreordained conclusion .
The acting is strong , the games are exciting , and despite the serious message about racial equality , it 's actually pretty funny in spots .
A successful mix of politics , social commentary and sports .
Rages with bleacher-stomping , fist-pumping thrills you 'd expect from an underdog sports movie .
If the prospect of another reality-based Disney sports drama makes you want to pull your fingernails out with pliers , you 'll be pleasantly surprised by this bio of the 1966 Texas Western Miners .
A no frills , by the numbers , formula sports film that will entertain , educate , inspire . Credits include interviews w / members of the original team , Haskins and Pat Riley .
Glory Road is that annual old dependable , always willing to bring inspiration and good cheer to the cold month of January .
A slick package with the wrinkles of real life smoothed clean out of it .
Remember the Titans ? Forget about them ! Here 's a new Jerry Bruckheimer production that places its secular faith in an almighty audience appetite for underdogs , sports , and dramas in which wrongs are righted by good-looking Americans .
A great , true story turned into a very mediocre movie ... It is in the editing room where it was completely destroyed .
A disingenuous , disrespectful reduction of a difficult , often-painful plight into a rousing fairy tale .
tells the story in the most compelling way possible . And since it takes place before Queen , at least here 's one sports movie where we do n't have to hear ` We are the Champions ' again .
Debut director James Gartner struggles with solidifying the film 's socially explosive period aspects against the exacting demands of recreating a season 's worth of hair raising basketball games surging toward the 1966 NCAA tournament .
Yet another in a string of inspiring true stories told with as little inspiration as possible .
Glory Road could potentially be dismissed as trivial but this is a big-hearted piece of entertainment that overcomes its lightweight sanctimonious vibes .
A slick enterprise buoyed by a Motown-flavored '60s soundtrack and an appealing ensemble cast .
Glory Road 's strength is the way in which it blends social awareness into the sports genre .
This Jerry Bruckheimer production , directed by commercial director James Gartner in a solid feature debut , should please male fans as well as those who do n't mind a dose of social commentary with their sports heroics .




@highlight

As formulaic as sports movies get , this underdog story still triumphs on the strength of its inspiring story .