Somersault is n't simply sensitive to the mindset of its protagonist , but rather adopts the character 's yearning , searching , testing and experimenting mood as its own .
Newcomer Abbie Cornish is a revelation of empathy and dramatic transparency in a role riddled with moral landmines .
A psychological drama that registered with audiences and critics alike because of its heartfelt painful story .
A well-wrought if modest movie that lingers with you longer than many more ambitious pictures .
Generous and authentic .
Pretty slow and predictable , and filled with soap opera-like plot contrivances .
Moves with all of the sluggish energy of stop-and-go traffic during rush hour . It just keeps marking time until Heidi has another brief sexual encounter with some new guy .
An incisive and emotive account of a girl masquerading as a woman , and the danger that entails .
How a down-to-earth country like Australia grew so attached to the pretentious Somersault , I have no idea .
The ` free spirited innocent ' archetype does n't convincingly share residence with this numbly sexual Lolita .
This is an honest movie that should , but probably wo n't , be seen by the tweenie crowd .
It is pretty , and it stays just left of the dial of darlingness , and Cornish 's is the most goddamn , gosh-wow debut I 've seen in years .
She may be promiscuous , but she 's a stronger person than Joe and a better person than all the men in the movie put together . I was impressed with Abbie Cornish 's performance .
-LSB- Cornish -RSB- creates a character who pulls us in and makes us recoil all at once .
Heartfelt , painful , exhilarating and , above all , truthful .
My impression remained this time around of an unfinished screenplay in which too many intervals of small talk masqueraded as the forerunners of emotional events that never materialized .
Heavy on atmosphere but very light on plot .
A moody sojourn into the horrific funhouse of adolescence .
Shortland 's payoff is good and redolent of wisdom . But getting there is like sitting in a waiting room with stale magazines .
Shortland balances showing Heidi as a heartbreaking mess -- doing a jailbait dance here , impulsively swallowing a mouthful of chili peppers there -- and judging her for it .
Reflects surprisingly assured filmmaking sensibilities , especially when it comes to portraying the foibles and preoccupations of young women at loose ends .
-LRB- Director Cate -RRB- Shortland has a sensitivity to the confused , unformed , irrational feelings that swirl around them .
A small film , done with limited resources , but it 's impressive -- and so is Cornish .
This is a coming of age film that matters , an incredibly assured feature debut for Shortland and breakout performance for its star .
Cornish is a marvel ...
Just about everything that happens to Heidi explores that awkward cusp between adolescence and adulthood , and the film maintains a mild , interesting suspense because of it .
As a psychological portrait , it 's indelible . As a filmgoing experience , however , it definitely requires patience .
... says more about the potent mix of restless sexuality and troubled adolescence than a shelf-full of young adult novels .
Its central character , a 16-year-old who uses sex for intimacy , just might be the clue to the emotions that a great many teens go through .
There 's not nearly enough sex
It 's hard to think of another coming of age film , so dreamy and artfully photographed , that feels more like a horror movie .
Somersault is a movie about the looks on people 's faces and the disparity between the surface and the roiling chaos beneath .
Cornish 's raw , nuanced performance and Shortland 's sympathetic but unsentimental portrayal of Heidi 's fumbling steps toward maturity are underscored by Sydney-based band Decoder Ring 's catchy , angst-ridden score .
A good example of a movie about characters who are n't conventionally ` likeable , ' but who are sympathetic and engaging nonetheless .
Director Cate Shortland 's first film is as remote , sullen and mercurial as her protagonist .
The movie 's centerpiece is a candid , fearless performance by newcomer Abbie Cornish .
Somersault , the feature debut of Aussie writer-director Cate Shortland , showcases a brilliantly realistic performance by Abbie Cornish as Heidi .
Shortland 's script takes some unnecessary turns , mostly with Joe 's drinking and sexual insecurities . But as long as it 's focused on Heidi 's predicament , it is riveting drama .
A frank and visceral film that at the same time exudes an unexpected innocence .
Often harrowing and traumatically tough-minded , this fine Australian film is ultimately about growth and some of the better attributes , like self-knowledge and forgiveness , that ideally come with it .
Director Cate Shortland has created a truthful , textured tale , exploring the subtlety and sensuality in all her scenes -- and never taking them exactly where expected .
Based on her painfully vulnerable performance , do n't be surprised when the promising -LSB- Abbie -RSB- Cornish joins Hollywood 's pool of Aussie ex-pats .
The film occasionally succumbs to preciousness , but Cornish makes for an unusually complicated Lolita , as if her hormones were waging war with her heart .
Shortland appears to have a great fascination with objects like pine needles and gas jets , but the pic 's visual flourishes tend to be distracting in their restless artiness .
Taking in Somersault 's textures -- alternating between frosty , pale landscapes and burnt-ochre interiors -- along with Cornish 's knockout performance , are true pleasures
This remarkable film from Australia , the debut feature of writer-director Cate Shortland , moves to the lyrical rhythms and unhurried pace of a 1970s road movie , or one of those Joni Mitchell ballads .
Somersault 's dreamy , sexy , rather chilly style captures Heidi 's attempt to escape her past , to build something new atop the rubble of what came before , and ultimately to hide it .
An exercise in film-school pretense , Somersault prettifies the ugliness of a girl 's sexual experience after she leaves her mother 's nest .
So hot it sizzles .
It 's deliberately oblique , but the remarkable visuals and soundtrack will stay with you long after the ` so what ? ' plot is forgotten .
Shortland well deserves the awards already lavished on her back home in Australia .
there is an idea of a movie here , but no real movie .
... it contains several startling , brilliant moments that bring its emotional and visual content together with tremendous clarity and power .
A mesmerizing Australian movie about one lonely sixteen-year-old girl 's yearning for intimacy .
Motivation is never allowed to develop .
-LSB- Cornish -RSB- gives a superb performance as Heidi , who is a complex mixture of childish innocence -LRB- symbolised by her ever-present scrapbook -RRB- and a powerful , almost dangerous sexual confidence that belies her emotional naivety .
Shortland paints a collage of regret : evocative snapshots of what might be ; gritty footage of what is . Her cast is bursting with promise .
Absorbing and brave filmmaking .
Not an earth-shattering film by any means , but it 's thoughtfully and beautifully made .
This visually haunting coming-of-age tale marks the individual stamp of yet another original Australian female director to watch .
A superb coming-of-age film with international appeal .
A magical and complex debut drama from Cate Shortland about concealed emotions : emotions that are churning , weeping , waiting to be discovered .




@highlight

A poignant coming-of-age tale marked by a breakout lead performance from Abbie Cornish and a successful directorial debut from Cate Shortland .