Though painted with broad strokes and marred by dialogue howlers during key moments , Education tracks Charlie 's emerging sense of identity and perspective .
The story of a street kid hiding out in a preppy college never leaves familiar ground .
Would 've made a swell student film for Durst , a safe haven for the rocker to work out his film school inclinations . As a feature-length requiem for the disturbed soul , this picture is woefully ineffective .
perceptive and gripping
It 's just a shame the story was n't handled as a simple memoir , rather than some sort of cautionary tale .
One of those voice-over memory stories about a college student coming to terms with the bully who haunted his childhood .
An earnest , if romanticized , examination of the American class system in the late 1970s and early 1980s , and the eternally confounding politics of acceptance and exclusion .
Travels in some unexpected , thoughtful directions .
The cast is superb in their performances .
A surprisingly amiable coming-of-age tale that is especially remarkable for its honesty about class .
A film that succeeds at being good without really succeeding in being worthwhile .
There are some things to like about The Education of Charlie Banks , but also plenty that detracts from what could be an interesting story .
You take one scene that does n't quite get there followed by another scene that does n't quite get there , all of a sudden you 've got a movie that does n't quite get there .
Unnerving and uneven college drama is well-acted but does n't seem to know what it 's trying to say .
Too often Durst 's direction is overly earnest , heavy in long takes , atmosphere wise but scene foolish .
The Education of Charlie Banks wants to be The Great Gatsby of college movies . It falls a tad short .
Thanks to sincere performances -LRB- most notably from Mr. Ritter and Eva Amurri as Charlie 's upper-crust crush -RRB- and clever writing -LRB- by Peter Elkoff -RRB- , the movie never becomes maudlin .
You will spend this film 's entire 100 + minutes waiting for the inevitable moment of reckoning between Charlie and the young thug he fears the most .
The film 's potential cynicism is suffocated with a TV movie flatness , occasionally -- and egregiously -- spackled with sentimental music that makes it sag when it should slice .
There 's enough sweetness , and enough just-under-the-surface intelligence , in `` The Education of Charlie Banks '' to suggest that Durst may have a future as a filmmaker .
If you 're at all intrigued by the idea of exploring angst and anomie among the entitled upper crust , then this Ivy League variation on Fight Club just might satiate that effete brand of bloodlust .
Another nicely understated performance from Jesse Eisenberg anchors this shambling drama , the latest film from Limp Bizkit front man Fred Durst .
If Banks had actually opened pre-Longshots it would have signaled a surprisingly smart start for Durst 's filmmaking career .
Ritter , who 's like the young Ethan Hawke on a bender of violence , is an actor to watch .
For a man prone to unleashed inhibitions , -LSB- director -RSB- Durst 's creative approach feels all bottled up .
I fully recommend The Education of Charlie Banks to anyone looking for something truly and subtly different .
If The Education of Charlie Banks were a better movie , it would be a star-making vehicle for Jason Ritter .
If it 's a failure , at least it 's a laudable one instead of cynically by-the-numbers .
a very solid first effort from Durst who , whether you like it or not , may just have a future in the director 's chair .


@highlight

Unevenness and earnestness mire this otherwise sweet , surprising coming of age drama .