Peter Segal -LRB- `` Anger Management '' -RRB- successfully helms his third Adam Sandler project in this funny modernized retooling of Robert Aldrich 's 1974 original .
A film we could live without , inspired by an original that was anything but essential .
Yields the dispiriting insight that Hollywood ca n't even make credible rabble-rousing junk any more .
This edition of Yard has a lighter feel than the original -- well , considering it 's a movie about prison inmates .
Everyone involved with this remake claims the utmost respect for Robert Aldrich 's raucously funny 1974 original . So you have to wonder why they crapped all over it , starting with the casting .
The new film keeps about 90 % of the original story and even some of the original lines of dialogue , yet the changes it makes are all misguided .
Filme poco pretencioso que no busca otra cosa que no sea entretener . No pasará a la historia , pero por lo menos es mejor de lo que parece .
The ` dumbing ' down of popular media continues .
If you 're looking for a predictable , unoriginal , mediocre offering from the good folks over at Happy Madison , rent this puppy ...
Drama that 's not dramatic enough and comedy that 's not funny enough .
A worthy remake and companion piece to the Reynolds film .
Never have I seen a movie so unashamedly aimed at demographics .
The lesser of two yards .
Homophobia , sexism , racism , ageism and OJ-ism pound against genre clichÃ -LRB- C -RRB- s as weathered as Reynolds ' skin , bludgeoning you into submission .
A fast-moving treat .
Adam Sandler , of course , is no Burt Reynolds . But then neither is Burt Reynolds these days , judging by his performance as the team 's crusty mentor .
The film looks fine , but -LSB- Segal -RSB- never even tries to make something out of this thin material .
Environmentalists will tell you that recycling is a good thing but the Adam Sandler vehicle `` The Longest Yard '' goes out of its way to prove otherwise .
Three decades after the original , all the rough edges have been sanded off , and the film has been given the obvious , spoonfed approach of a Hollywood summer movie .
I was never bored , but I was n't necessarily entertained either . Mine was a sociological interest . What 's going on ?
Laced with crude racial stereotypes and a rash of homophobia that 's akin to a minstrel show , `` The Longest Yard '' makes Sandler 's `` The Waterboy '' look like an oasis .
It 's a high-spirited romp that nevertheless feels watered down compared to the gritty edge of the Burt Reynolds vehicle that still holds up pretty well three decades later .
The Longest Yard is an average , enjoyable , undemanding movie , but another in a long line of unwarranted and unnecessary remakes .
The cartoonish way in which the characters are played drains the film of any grittiness the setting is supposed to provide .
A cowardly , PG-13 remake for a more timid era , viewing incarceration as a happy playground of product-placement and jokey homosexual panic .
As a remake it is not trying to achieve anything close to the original , but we are watching it for the same reason Burt is doing it : insufficient options .
The violent nature of the penal system is presented in such a cartoonish fashion that when the movie suddenly veers into reality , it is an awkward transition .
After a handful of McThis and McThat jokes , it becomes blatantly clear that we have a movie unwilling to take a single risk .
Insult comedy can be uproarious in the right hands , but here it 's merely witless .
With a movie like this , only laughter can distract you from the pedestrian plot , and I did n't laugh nearly enough .
Segal 's version is no sports-film watershed , either , but it is consistently entertaining , athletically brutal , and , more often than not , well-acted .
Glossy where the original was gritty and raw , silly where the original was scabrous , cartoonish where the original was dangerous and threatening , it aims only to be a lark .
So I 'm sure it will come as a surprise when I say the star 's latest is a fun , amusing and pretty darn funny -LRB- if ultimately not entirely successful -RRB- comedy .
kicks goals ... Whilst Reynolds ' film played it a little ` rougher ' , it 's no less exciting here - it just plays to a more comedic tune .
However Segal and Sandler play to homophobia and sexism , they 've unwittingly teamed up to make maybe the gayest mainstream movie of the year .
The brutal , not funny Longest Yard joins the list of most pointless remakes .
What was an utterly original blending of popular genres in 1974 has been refashioned as an utterly unoriginal retread of genre clichés in 2005 .
Average films do n't improve with time . How ` bout we quit expecting them to .
Segal paces this updated version of Aldrich 's playful prison yarn with all the skill of an indecisive coach roaming the sidelines without a playbook to rely on for inspiration
... inexplicably faithful to its source : pandering , puzzling and downright idiotic .
' ... when Reynolds appears on screen wearing his familiar # 22 jersey -LRB- he was a football star at Florida State -RRB- you just know everything is right with the world . '
When Adam Sandler throws a long hilarious , no-brainer comedy of a pass into the end zone , you know we are going to be there to catch it .
A testosterone ensemble piece .
As humorless , lazy and oppressively inane as anything since any one of the witless car chase movies that derailed Burt Reynolds ' career not long after the original wrapped .
Reynolds and , to some degree , Chris Rock are the only reasons I can think of to see this film - and even their performances are cancelled out by 45 seconds of Rob Schneider .
A Division III imitation of the original .
The film 's biggest question is whether Sandler 's fans want to see him in a relatively straight role , something he has yet to pull off at the box office .
No uplifting populism here .
Seemingly the perfectly macho end for the traditional Happy Madison format .
People will go see The Longest Yard for all sorts of reasons -- its lively humor , the current of violence that 's just under the surface , its message of underdog racial reconciliation , or the fact that there 's no actual football to watch on TV .
There are occasional guffaws , but none of the jokes are more amusing -LRB- or farfetched -RRB- than the premise that Adam Sandler ever played in the National Football League .
Once in prison , who does Adam Sandler find but the improbably incarcerated Chris Rock ! What did Chris steal , jokes ? Who did he kill , the late show at the Comedy Store ?
It hurts to say this but Adam Sandler is no Burt Reynolds
This new version ignores the inherent edginess of the material . There 's a huge disconnect between the plot 's unassailable darkness and the lightness of the film 's tone .
Sandler has made a stinker . That message is delivered with great sorrow from possibly the hardest-core Sandler fan allowed to write about movies for a newspaper .
Just remember kids : as fun as it all seems , fast food , soda , candy , binge drinking , reckless driving , steroids , dirty ball and , well , yes , Adam Sandler movies are bad for you .
The film spends too much time on the team 's practice antics and growth-by-montages .
A genial prison-buddy comedy albeit an almost exact script replica of the 1974 version .
... Hollywood has once again demonstrated its lack of originality -LRB- as if we need further proof -RRB- by serving up another lackluster remake of a sparkling original .
The longest yarn . A terrible remake of a great dramedy .
The pleasure is entirely like eating cake made from cake mix . It 's not like you do n't know how it 's going to turn out , or how it tasted the last time you ate it .
Whether it 's the sight of Reynolds squeezed painfully into a football uniform or the endless footballs-to-the-crotch and tired gay jokes , The Longest Yard has the feeling of mutton dressed as lamb .
Though there 's no drearier trend in current movies than recycling , this modified Yard is more smoothly crafted than the 1974 slapstick version .
This is one dreary , formulaic slog through sports-movie cliches .
The rare remake that honors rather than exploits or degrades its source .
The Longest Yard works well enough .
What was already a raucous put-on , a goof on Aldrich 's brutal action movies , is now a hyperbolic , gross-out cartoon , with a cast of enormous ex-football stars only adding to the air of facetiousness .
The film does n't shy away from political incorrectness and bad taste .
It 's indifferent , charisma-free filmmaking .
Thirty years later Reynolds still looks fit to play the lead ; Sandler still looks like a water boy .
An odd mix of amusing nonsense and nastiness that chugs along , hit and miss , until the last section , which is the best part of the movie and its real reason for being : the game .
Enjoyable .
Both Longest Yard movies employ the same manipulative ways to blend familiar elements of prison flicks and sports movies . The results are modest crowd-pleasers .
A project devoted entirely to laughs , and money .
Mucho macho miscasting grinds gridiron grit into flabby humor . It 's sanitized and sentimentalized .
It 's not as good as the 1974 original , or even as good as the 2001 British soccer remake of Yard , Mean Machine . But there are bright spots .
A definite crowd-pleaser and a perfectly fun night at the movies .
... Almost a scene for scene rehash of the original film ...
Although Sandler has occasionally broken the pattern , most recently with Spanglish , here he returns to the old , profitable , well-worn rut .
The original ... capitalized on the public 's desire to ` fight the power ' and ` stick it to The Man ' ; the new version ... seems to be about sticking it to the audience .
A misguided , miscast remake of the 1974 Robert Aldrich classic .
The Longest Yard is packed with many such tiny gifts for insiders , and picking them out is a big part of the movie 's charm .
The Longest Yard plays like nothing less than Adam and the boys getting together in New Mexico and re-creating something they probably learned to love through steady repeats on basic cable .
Sandler and director Peter Segal ` got ' the Robert Aldrich original , and mostly stayed true to the essential hilarity of a bunch of cons making the most of a wholesome excuse to unleash their repressed violence on some brutal law enforcement goons .
A serviceable bone-cruncher of a sports comedy , just tough enough and funny enough to reach the end zone .
Unoriginal but confident , it 's the kind of effort that 's just good enough to keep -LSB- Sandler 's -RSB- track record going .
Good old-fashioned fun from kickoff to the last crossing of the goal line .
The new version is not nearly as convincing or as credible as the old .
When The Longest Yard is about football , it 's not too bad . Unfortunately , the rest of the movie is .
See it if you think Adam Sandler is Joe Montana . See it if you like men in team-issued tight pants . See it if you like men in prison-issue tight pants .
An enjoyable , reasonably faithful but over-the-top successor to the original .
It 's surprising how much of the movie is flat and how predictable the gags are .
An utter blank , so weak , gutless , and unsurprising that it may as well not exist .
Sets a record of some sort for Meaningless Celebrity Cameos .
On the downside are Sandler 's inability to emote anything besides an anti-authoritarian smirk and his loyalty to colleagues ... who are clearly out of their element .
Sandler and Rock are simply two comedians who fancy themselves actors and demonstrate in film after film that they are not
The Longest Yard more or less achieves what most of the people attending it will expect .
Just because The Longest Yard is sporadically entertaining does n't mean it 's any good .
The characters sound like they were dreamed up during the drive to the set .
The year 's most unnecessary movie .
The Longest Yard seems to be one of those Sandler efforts that occupy a middle ground between goofy comedy and quasi-realistic drama .
If you like Adam Sandler , goofy comedy and football , I suggest seeing The Waterboy instead .
One of the most obnoxious and least enjoyable movies I 've seen `` Are We There Yet ? ''
Somebody needs to throw a flag on this movie for all its penalties ... the worst offense : Roughing the audience .
Even when Yard occasionally becomes too hammy for words , or the `` evil '' performances cross into cartoon , the film remains an overwhelmingly infectious experience .
The 1974 version had a sense of realism that 's missing from the comically exaggerated remake . However , I do n't remember the original having as many laugh-out-loud moments .
Obviously aimed at a football audience , but the film 's shortcomings will annoy knowledgeable sports fans even more than other moviegoers .
Watching this remake of the 1974 classic is like watching a high-school production of your favorite musical .
This remake of the 1974 film fails to go all the way by not delivering on the shrewd spirit of the original .
Weirdly faithful to the original ... but often feels like a child imitating an adult - it gets the motions right , but it never understands any of the meaning .
Yeah , who needs talented actors like Burt Reynolds , Bill Fichtner , and James Cromwell when you can just hit someone in the crotch for 105 minutes ?
Hey , did you know there 's a new DVD edition of the 1974 original ?
Seems like it was made by 14-year-old boys , for 14-year-old boys . If that 's you , then go and have a good time . But if you 're post-adolescent , there 's nothing for you here .
Finally , Adam Sandler returns to the edgy sort of comedy we all love . No more lovey dovey romantic comedies . No more kiddie antics and no more stupid voices .
Ranks as perhaps the most violent PG-13 movie I 've seen in years . I began to fear I 'd be sprayed by blood , cartilage or other bodily fluids .
The film primarily replaces its predecessor 's gritty swagger with WWE and MTV-esque posturing .
Considerably darker and grittier than most of Sandler 's frothy comedies ...
a great guys movie full of silly jokes and bonecrushing football action
What you saw in 1974 is pretty much what you get here , an audience pleaser that is n't a particular laugh-riot but will certainly keep you in the game .
Sad and ugly , the product of sadistic children devoid of moral compasses .
Surprisingly respectable .
-LSB- A -RSB- repulsive celebration of everything that 's sickening and ugly and hideous about America today . ''
Painfully unnecessary .
If you 're thinking of seeing it , and you 're old enough to drive -LRB- or even read this -RRB- , do yourself a favor and rent the original instead .
Returning to the football field of The Waterboy , this time out Pop Warner quarterback Sandler just does n't play to his strengths .
Instead of The Longest Yard , they should have called it the Shortest Route to the Bank .
Softer , louder and cleaner than the 1974 version , the new film sentimentalizes the prisoners and the game , filing down their sharpest edges so that winning becomes a matter of triumph rather than resistance .
Provides a few laughs , contact endorphins for the pigskin-deprived , and not much else .
The new Yard is just as slick and rousing as the old Yard .
Viewers who come to see a football movie likely will leave satisfied . But those who want to see an Adam Sandler movie would do better to rent The Waterboy .
A quickly paced , slickly filmed entertainment that 's also as crude and rude as the PG-13 rating will allow .
Where the original was a serious film with funny moments , this movie is n't sure if it 's a drama or comedy , too incompetently rendered to be both .
The movie is about Paul 's journey to find some kind of honor and about seeing big men slam the heck out of each other . It wisely devotes most of its time to the latter .
One of the funniest films I 've seen in years .
Yard is n't bad , although not as funny as Sandler 's presence might make you expect .
The Longest Yard is not a terrible movie , but neither is it one with any value beyond the disposable .
Sandler 's timing is good enough to make the funny scenes come alive . But he has trouble conveying any emotion that could n't just as easily be expressed with a high-five .
A mean , lean laugh machine .
A predictable , choppy affair at best .
A genial crowd-pleaser .
A major summer movie fumble ... it 's mostly the audience that gets sacked .
Does Chris Rock even know what year it is ? His tired-for-a-decade references bog down a remake that would be unwatchable were it not for a jazzed-up climactic game .
Plagued with product placement .
Sexist , homophobic , pointless and overloaded with brain-crushing bigotry ... has an evil and putrid secret agenda that could n't have less to do with football if it tried .
The Longest Yard scores big laughs .
What 's missing is any real sense of drama .
If only the ethnic-reassigned Burt Reynolds had stayed naked on that bear rug .
When Adam Sandler is n't interesting enough to hold your attention in an Adam Sandler movie , something is certainly amiss .
The product placement cluttering professional sports also taints ... an otherwise faithful remake .
I ca n't help thinking that in this game of remake , points have been shaved .
Easy , formula stuff fine-tuned with surefire gags .
Sandler is trying to outrun his clownish boy-man past , but since everything about Yard is transparently fake , it loses him career yardage .
I found the original extraordinarily thin . So if a remake should be in the same mold as the original , this one hits the mark . It flunks the watch test and the laugh test .
Dreary .
A much funnier picture than I thought I was going to see .
Sandler smartly balances the script 's mix of cynicism and sentiment in his ingratiating lead performance . -LRB- And he 's physically persuasive as an ex-quarterback . -RRB-
More Mirth Machine than Mean Machine , this agreeable remake still manages to go the distance .
Football fans looking for a stirring reel full of merciless hits will be delighted .
Laughs doggedly fail to ensue , and Burt Reynolds ' wasted presence as an old-timer eager for one more shot at glory only underlines the remake 's weaknesses as comedy and drama .







@highlight

This Yard has some laughs but missing from this remake is the edginess of the original .