... it 's interesting to see the story from the viewpoint of a female journalist -- one whose capabilities as a mother , a wife and a law-abiding citizen are constantly questioned ...
While it wo n't change the world it certainly deserves to be seen , especially as this is probably Beckinsale 's strongest dramatic performance in several years .
Its surprising focus on motherhood and its strong female protagonist give this story a human interest angle .
Proving she can switch the lights on -LRB- or at least be guided to them -RRB- , Kate Beckinsale gives a career-best performance in Rod Lurie 's star-studded , substantive rumination on First Amendment attacks and governmental accountability .
Premda je re % u017Eiser ljevi % u010Dar , film se te % u0161ko mo % u017Ee okarakterizirati kao jo % u0161 jedna holivudska propovijed protiv Bushove Amerike
Should find favor with audiences eager for movies driven by characterization , ideas and the performances of actors whose screen presence offers as much justification for the existence of cinema as any camera trick , flashy montage or special effect .
It 's hard to put a finger on anything actually wrong with this earnest drama of politics , conscience , and democratic ideals ... but it 's equally difficult to embrace it enthusiastically , too .
Alda 's performance is a real stand-out , but all the actors are in fine form , to include Angela Basset , Noah Wyle and David Schwimmer .
A finely-crafted film of people and ideas , of the sort more common before the movie mainstream became a sausage factory .
Yes , it 's inspired by the despicable Bush-Cheney real life CIA outing but Lurie makes it very much his own .
Every once in a while , for reasons as random as a Hollywood executive 's taste or an economic meltdown , a perfectly decent movie slips through the cracks , never receives a theatrical release and is relegated to the purgatory called straight-to-DVD .
Most moviegoers know Kate Beckinsale as that gorgeous babe in the skin tight leather pants in Underworld , but you will find a solid leading actress who leads a talented cast in Nothing But The Truth .
should bring a deserved burnishing to auteur Lurie 's regard in the creative community
Writer-director Lurie makes dramas that whole-headedly engage ethical quandaries yet dodge easy judgments .
In this engrossing political thriller , Kate Beckinsale 's focused and sympathetic as the reporter who goes to jail to protect her source , and Vera Farmiga shines in the volatile supporting role of a government operative who loses her family because of her
Sporadically provocative and slightly contrived .
It 's worth seeking out , standing as Lurie 's best film work to date and a gentle reminder that Farmiga and Beckinsale are two talented , tough actresses in it for the long haul .
Lurie balances the tragic repercussions of two women drawn into a swirling riptide of political neglect , judicial irresponsibility , and sudden violence .
Kate Beckinsale and Vera Farmiga 's terrific work is easily the best reason to watch .
The film pitches into old-school melodrama -- women in chains and all kinds of chaos , courtesy of men . But the film takes a next step too , aligning Erica and Rachel 's experiences in order to indict the old boys ' system .
Lurie 's screenplay is intelligent and thoughtful , with moments of great insight .
Thoughtful and incendiary , stressing the ever-increasing threats to civil liberties in the name of national security .
It is a rock-solid entertainment , made by adults , starring adults , and intended for adults
It 's Kate Beckinsale who is fantastic and she is able to hold the strong premise long enough to keep my interest in a politically-charged thriller .
I thought the performances were great , particularly Vera Farmiga .
Lurie 's style has grown increasingly fluid , and the players -LRB- especially Farmiga -RRB- deliver , but he tosses everything away with the last twist .
All this plays out in brisk fashion , and the actors , who also include Alan Alda as Rachel 's venerable lawyer , mostly seem to be having a high old time .
The best thing about Nothing But the Truth is Vera Farmiga .
Nothing But The Truth operates a lot like Billy Ray 's Shattered Glass and Breach , offering up the sort of no-nonsense , meat-and-potatoes docudrama that 's in short supply these days .
The last-minute switcheroo suggests , perhaps unintentionally , that Rachel is less a martyr to the cause than a schemer looking to cover her tracks .
The two lead actresses play superbly rounded characters , both smart , tough customers unused to being pushed around , yet wives and mothers whose domestic concerns are as important to them as professional ones .
A political thriller about a journalist who becomes a spiritual warrior and boldy and courageously demonstrates the moral virtue of fortitude .
When the main source is finally revealed , it should be fodder for conversation but seems more like a punchline .
There 's a halfway point when the rush of watching the inner machinations of power players turns into the listless predictability of a TV courtroom drama , crossed with the voyeurism of a mild grindhouse prison movie .
Lurie has crafted a different kind of thriller , one with a mind and a heart .
The sexing up/dumbing down fails to compensate for the gobs of punishingly dull blah-blah about crusading reporters .
Though a final , sly revelation stacks the deck a bit , Truth makes a smart , measured case out of a real-life drama that wound up far less heroically .
Rod Lurie 's crisp take on the Valerie Plame case-with Vera Farmiga standing in for Plame and Kate Beckinsale for Judith Miller-is admirably bluster-free but suffers at times from movie-of-the-week syndrome .
If you think you know the premise or believe that this is just a fictional retelling of the Judith Miller scandal from a few years back , I beg you to leave those preconceptions at the door . I know I went in with my own . Nothing But the Truth is none of
Among the many achievements in Lurie 's script is how it manages to swing the viewer 's sympathies toward Armstrong .
Despite -LSB- it being -RSB- about a journalist at a powerful newspaper who is jailed for refusing to name her source , Nothing but the Truth has nothing to do with you know what or who .
Lurie is n't Larry Cohen , let alone Sam Fuller , but give him points for working the same tradition of engagé tabloid filmmaking .
Most importantly , the film takes the issue beyond just journalistic integrity and the government 's intrusion . It looks at real life .
Nothing But the Truth has been made with brains , pace , and skill , and with a topical fury that puts it ahead of the curve on its real subject : the withering of freedom in a democracy gone apathetic .
Though Nothing But The Truth is fundamentally an independent undertaking , it boasts a star cast including Kate Beckinsale , Angela Basset , Matt Dillon and Alan Alda among others who provide the kind of performances for which the majors pay big bucks .
A well-acted , John Grisham-style tale that will have its audience expressing gratitude for the First Amendment -- never mind how battered it has gotten .
Nothing But the Truth is flat and unexceptional , the bureaucratic , talky parts of a political thriller without the action sequences as payoff .
... a sporadically riveting yet undeniably uneven drama that fits comfortably within Rod Lurie 's politically-themed filmography .
This is a meaty , thematically ambitious political potboiler .
Nothing But the Truth is jaw-droppingly over-the-top in ways that are all good for a laugh , but do n't amount to much in the way of serious critique .
A movie which offers us the chance to hear people talking -- people who have something to say , about things that matter -- feels like a welcome opportunity before we 're buried under a mountain of popcorn .
With her bravura turn in Rod Lurie 's engrossing political drama Nothing But The Truth , Kate Beckinsale has staked a strong claim for her first Academy Award nomination .
I expect the cast , particularly Beckinsale , and Lurie 's script to get a lot of attention in the next few months .
The Rod Lurie film is a typically intelligent if occasionally overwritten political thriller , boasting a powerhouse cast headed by Kate Beckinsale , Vera Farmiga and Alan Alda .
You can overlook an occasional soapbox moment or clunky speech when it 's contained in a thoughtful , mature drama like this one .
A miscalculated piece damaged by poor direction , mediocre writing and performances that feel consistently misguided and off-key .
The story of a journalist willing to go to prison to defend her right to protect her source on an explosive story , Nothing but the Truth itself resembles a workmanlike piece of journalism motivated by an outraged sense of injustice .
It 's junk with a serious-faced , point-making agenda .

@highlight

A well-crafted political thriller , Nothing But the Truth features a strong cast that helps the real-life drama make an effortless transition to the big screen .