Suffer through those opening scenes , because once Petit and his accomplices arrive in New York and begin planning their `` coup , '' The Walk becomes one of the most exciting things I 've seen all year .
It has special effects and absolutely gorgeous imagery that sink your heart in Imax 3D
It does n't matter that it 's all trickery ; the end result is totally convincing and thrillingly real , with the walk itself providing the most exciting yet exhausting cinema experience you 'll have all year .
The Walk is full of frustrating moments ...
I have nothing bad to say about The Walk , which is pleasing in every aspect , but I will finish my praise with this : It 's a perfect movie for family viewing , suitable for kids but not made for them .
Why focus on looking down , when this should be about the uplifting sense of crossing the heavens ?
Thankfully , -LSB- Joseph -RSB- Gordon-Levitt is skilled enough to perform the balancing act between drama and excitement to keep you riveted to the very end .
The Walk is many things-a docudrama , a caper film , an action-adventure spectacular-but one thing it is n't is redundant .
With his latest release , Robert Zemeckis disappointingly shows audiences , once again , that he 's far more interested in what he can do with CGI than in telling an impactful story .
Zemeckis 's joy at staging the event is infectious and he takes the 3D IMAX cameras out there in mid air to show you the historic walk in all its dizzying , windy , high-altitude , and bloody footed insanity .
Zemeckis -- relying both on Gordon-Levitt 's energy and regular glimpses of Manhattan streets from more than 400 meters in the air -- manages to maintain a sense of tension . Even for those of us who know full well what happens .
It 's a celebration of a particular idea of America -- warm , open , and infinitely hospitable to the can-do spirit .
The stunt is worth the wait . In a sense it 's something we 've been waiting for since September 12 , 2001 .
The Walk is a minor Zemeckis film .
The Walk 's walk quickly becomes tasteless , making a mockery of a spectacular feat .
Just the mechanics of getting to the roof are fun -- filled with surprise allies and strokes of luck and last minute escapes .
Gordon-Levitt captures the nuances of Petit 's personality and , more importantly , taps into Petit 's urgent need to go for a stroll some 400 meters above the ground .
Between the easy philosophising and celebratory tone , the film has the visual thrill that proves why some movies still need to be seen on the big screen .
It 's applause-worthy work , and a killer climax . But a killer climax does not a motion picture make .
The film is more gimmickry than poetry . The effects are state-of-the-art , but the effect is remarkably earthbound .
Although the experience may be slightly less suspenseful for viewers of the earlier film , The Walk is worth seeing alone for its mounting of the climactic feat .
Hoky and lovin ' it .
Gordon-Levitt is wondrous , shouldering all the drama capably and proving a more dexterous performer than anyone imagined .
Petit 's adventure and this funereal subtext knit together very well , and in spite of its location , the film avoids sentimentality and prescience , and ultimately proves touching .
Zemeckis - who also penned the script - manages to do something that few films with such a niche plot achieve ; making the audience care . Daring and visually impressive , it 's a high-flying and , at times , thrilling ride .
` Do n't look down ' may be the first commandment for aerialists , but director Zemeckis spectacularly ignores it . His camera soars above Petit , swoops below him , comes in close on his face , his slippered feet , his delicate hands .
Zemeckis is in his element here and the film starts to pick up energy , and as the outcome is no doubt-it 's history , after all-Zemeckis eases us from the thrill of the caper mechanics into something more spiritual
The Walk has good visual effects and an interesting story , but it unfortunately gets tiresome nearing the end despite solid acting . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Robert Zemeckis latest piece of cinematic wizardry is not a good film - but it may be the greatest Imax film ever made .
-LSB- Petit -RSB- is the story , the story is a conduit for effects , and effects are The Walk 's way of circling back to him .
A technically brilliant , sweaty-palmed account of the man who walked between the Twin Towers .
This is a fun and exciting execution of an inspiring story . It 's beautiful . It 's pure Zemeckis .
Undeniably goofy in tone but welcomingly sincere in spirit , for those who can get on Zemeckis 's wavelength The Walk offers an array of pleasures .
The real star of the show is the World Trade Center , with its ghostly appearance that still evokes heavy emotions to this day .
In spite of Gordon-Levitt 's pretty terrible performance , the last thirty minutes of The Walk are what makes it worth the price of admission .
While Man on Wire remains the better telling of Philippe Petit 's story , Robert Zemeckis ' The Walk is a fine adaptation of these events , culminating with one of the most breathtaking climaxes of the year .
Zemeckis 's film must be proud of being the most dizzying in its literal sense of history . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Joseph Gordon-Levitt makes a physical , gestural and vocal work truly memorable . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The Walk , encompassing all the magical elements cinema has to offer , serves as a gorgeous tribute to those buildings loved , admired and missed by so many .
It 's an entertaining adventure that captures your interest and mantains it throughout at all times despite certain weak moments in the script . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Zemeckis jettisons most of the hard edges of Petit 's character in favor of a wide-eyed follow-your-dreams story . Rendered in broad strokes , it falls more into the fairy tale category than anything else .
It 's worth it because the nerve-shredding climax deserves high praise indeed .
There are moments when one regrets heeding its call to step right up , but when Petit steps right out , all is forgiven .
While Zemeckis , who co-wrote the film with Christopher Browne , makes sure the movie looks wondrous , most of the characters are campy caricatures , especially after Petit and company touch down in the Big Apple and mingle with the Noo Yawk folk .
Robert Zemeckis 's computer-generated spectacle about wire-walker Philippe Petit 's famous promenade between the Twin Towers lacks any sense of tension because everything about it feels fake .
Even if it did n't feature the best 3-D of any film since Avatar , Robert Zemeckis ' The Walk would be a winner for its heady blend of gritty reality and lighthearted whimsy , not to mention yet another terrific performance from Joseph Gordon-Levitt .
The Walk turns what is a relatively straightforward act - albeit a scarily placed one - into something stunning by restoring a sense of physicality to what 's happening onscreen .
Like Petit , Zemeckis has made a career out of being a sort of high-wire artist who embraces the technological and practical challenges inherent to his art .
Gordon-Levitt is terrific as Petit , a wonderfully stubborn , obsessed , passionate and showboating figure , and he holds the film together and provides much heart amid the digital wizardry .
Zemeckis never quite persuades the audience that Petit 's act of artistic trespassing is worthy , or cool , or awesome .
It 's no Man On Wire , but it is a rare and welcome example of 3D done right .
If you 're not wearing those plastic glasses , there 's no strong reason to see this .
An exciting film , funny , one of those you can watch over and over . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
French is a sexy language ; English spoken with a French accent ... not so lyrical . The frenzied pace makes Gordon-Levitt sound like Pepe Le Pew . The lack of strategy diminishes the story but the special effects are dazzling .
It takes the spectator on a ride of emotion that ends on the wire , allowing him to feel and experiment vertigo , fear , angst , and at the same time relief to see a man who never gave up his dream . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Zemeckis does n't create a perfect fil , but it is a memorable one because of the ingenious camera work and the SFX . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Not only is Zemeckis a master of SFX and storytelling , in this one we really get the experience of a lifetime -LRB- only if you see it in IMAX 3D -RRB- . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Its amazing what Robert Zemeckis can do to with special effects to tell a story , you basically feel walking on the wire . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Most people should find the film 's finale stunning as The Walk fulfils its unstated though obvious brief to present a factually based urban fairy tale designed to recast the towers as beacons of wonder and beauty rather than as symbols of terror .
A heart-stopping spectacular !
You 're never in the same place even if you return to the same geographical point . That is the proposal of Robert Zemeckis -LRB- accompanied by Christopher Browne in the script -RRB- . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
One of the most spectacular movies filmed in 3D and IMAX , but mediocre in its characters construction , subtext and poor reflection about art . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An entertaining recreation of one of the most audacious acts of performance art ever perpetrated .
One of those movies that 's more worried about showing off the use of a new technology than actually telling a good story . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A movie full of suspense that keeps audiences on the edge of their seats . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The Walk is a look into the past to try to get back something that 's now lost and to recreate the nostalgia feeling of something that is now imaginary . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This level of suspense is rarely achieved in a film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Elegant and spectacular . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The money sequence is pure magic .
After a shaky start , the film gradually becomes as taut as a high-tension wire : a complicated heist carried out in the name of wonderment .
The Walk is not a bad film - in fact , it 's reasonably enjoyable with a fantastic final act . But it pales next to Man On Wire .
Clomps around in clown shoes despite an elegant dalliance when on the high wire .
The Walk is a stunning participatory movie experience - for the senses and the emotions .
Once The Walk reaches the point where Petit must finally pull off the creative caper that has consumed his entire life , the film is a genuine visual wonder to behold .
His hallmark as a director is his passion for visual effects and his use of CGI and 3D is dazzling .
Whimsically told , the story has the feel of a modern fairytale , and it 's clearly an affectionate tribute to the daredevil artist at its centre .
Zemeckis 's failing is his inattention to every other detail , but The Walk undeniably exists for its climax : one stunt it does manage to pull off flawlessly .
Having digitally rebuilt the city with astonishing historical accuracy , Zemeckis stages Petit 's 45 minutes on a cable , 1,600 feet above the street , as one of the most lovely , terrifying , suspenseful and joyous sequences in movie history .
It 's hard in the end to think of a single aspect of Petit 's feat that is better served by Zemeckis 's treatment than Marsh 's -LSB- in Man on Wire -RSB- .
T here is no exoneration for Zemeckis , who has committed not artistic crimes but crimes against art : filling a script with corn , and reducing Petit to an ooze of oo-la-la cheese .
After the Oscar-winning 2008 documentary Man on Wire told this story with such energy and suspense , it was only a matter of time until someone decided to make a full-on adventure movie .
Perhaps my fear of heights was a contributing factor but The Walk provides a film-going experience unlike anything I 've seen this year .
A single sequence ca n't make a lousy movie great , but the one in The Walk comes awfully close .
A much more valid and worthwhile movie than it at first appears .
The human interest pic takes us to great heights .
By the end of the film I had a lump in my throat and a genuine affection as well as respect for the film
A glorious edge-of-seat affair
... emphasizes spectacle and mischievous whimsy while failing to get inside the head of its subject .
Dream-like , hyper-real , beautiful and terrifying , lovely and scary all at once , and you know it 's just a movie but you ca n't believe how giddy and gobsmacked and vertiginous dizzy-awesome it makes you feel .
Watch this film for Levitt 's great portrayal of Petit , Zemeckis ' great visual effects and also the greatness of the feat achieved by the artist .
Zemeckis 's coldly efficient , all-method-no-madness approach might not give much of a sense of the man on the wire , but it does bring viewers heart-stoppingly close to the physical experience of being dozens of floors above the ground .
A daring film about the passion , the gratitude , and the beauty of an amazing stunt .
This is one of those rare cases where the exhibition format is as much a part of the movie 's success as the storytelling is . The extra dimension is quite crucial , as the whole thing is designed around giving the audience a vicarious experience .
Some have complained that the 123-minute movie is a slow starter , but Levitt 's feverish , dedicated performance energizes the first half .
The only real knock against The Walk is that it has to follow an outstanding documentary on the same subject .
When focused on being a caper film , The Walk is entertaining and exciting .
In Petit 's melancholy final monologue , The Walk manages the most skillful high-wire act of all : being moving , without stumbling .
Each scene is played at full volume in a cartoonish style that desperately underlines , bolds , screams and punches every single point and effect Zemeckis is trying to make , as though he 's trying to get through to a roomful of deaf babies .
It 's only when the giddiness passes that you realise you 've witnessed not only an incredible true story but a fitting tribute to an unforgettable landmark .
Zemeckis has aimed high but on this occasion the documentary reality of Man on Wire trumps the wonder of Hollywood artifice .
Zemeckis borrows -LSB- Man on Wire 's -RSB- heist movie aesthetic , but also widens the scope a bit and throws in a touch of whimsy .
Delightfully quaint and definitely entertaining .
A fantasy-like tale of a real-life adventure ...
It truly deserves to be experienced on the biggest screen possible and it wo n't fail to impress .
With this loving tribute to not just a great piece of performance art but also the buildings that made that art possible , Zemeckis has given us a magical , if flawed , tribute to the fallen symbols of Americana .
Robert Zemeckis 's The Walk is as breathtaking as you 'd hope a film about a man walking on a wire between the World Trade Center Towers to be .
The visceral thrill of experience Petit 's death-defying feat is undeniable , but Zemeckis pushes the envelope farther than it needs to go and makes some highly questionable decisions that undermine what is best in the film .
This is the kind of unbelievable true story that you could n't make up if you tried , and it 's ultimately what makes The Walk such an enjoyable , gripping experience .
While The Walk uses the very newest digital tricks and techniques , it 's also a satisfyingly old-fashioned picture . 1974 never looked so good , so happy , so innocent -- and is n't it nice to remember it that way ?
Zemeckis lends his hand in creating the type of engrossing environments his films are known for ... His recreation goes well beyond the visual aesthetic -LRB- like the marvelous reproduction of the World Trade Center -RRB- , and envelops our other senses .
The Walk is sometimes easier to watch with your eyes shut , just for a few seconds ' respite from the plunging peril of being poised , wobbling , 110 storeys above the 3D void on a tightrope over Manhattan .
It 's been so long since we 've seen the Robert Zemeckis who was a consummate craftsman of pop entertainment , that the flickers we see here of that talent somehow elevate the whole enterprise .
You feel every storey of those awesome erections , and that sense of awe only primes you for the eponymous climax - a set piece that for once is not oversold .
It 's two-thirds of a great film but the slow start and unremarkable first hour hold it back . Still , for those who buy into the precept that `` good things are worth waiting for , '' The Walk unquestionably delivers .
Oh , how I look up to ` The Walk ' as a towering cinematic achievement .
Initially a toe-curling mix of The Pink Panther and Amélie , this fable ultimately offers pure entertainment . Life of Pi in the sky .
A celebration of an extraordinary man , an astonishing feat and the towers themselves ; a tribute to human endeavour . Jaw-dropping .
I actually hid my eyes from the laser-projected 3D Imax image at one point , overwhelmed by the sheer visceral spectacle of it all .
Dazzling , dizzying , daredevil experience ...
Dazzling to look at with awe-inspiring standard effects -LRB- read : CGI -RRB- , but it lacks enough truly special effects , a.k.a. humanism .
The final half-hour , as Petit takes to the wire , is basically one sustained money shot .
Man on Wire ... was enough to give vertigo sufferers damp palms and palpitations . Watching Zemickis 's breathtaking Imax 3D recreation of Petit 's stunt , even those with a cool head for heights will break out in cold sweats .
Despite a wobbly start , `` The Walk '' eventually finds its feet once you realize Zemeckis and company are delivering a confident , charming and unexpectedly stirring version of the tale aimed more at children than Marsh 's warts-and-all documentary .
The Walk , while it could have used a better script , is a transporting experience , and the ultimate reason for that is that the Philippe Petit we see offers up his death-defying showmanship as an act of faith , not just for himself but for everyone .
The Walk is an entertaining and often thrilling piece of storytelling , in addition to being an impressive display of 3D filmmaking .
... in its reenactment of a miraculous feat , the movie achieves a tender sort of transcendence .
It 's worth wading through the hokey first act to get to the planning and execution of the scheme and especially the stunt itself .
The walk itself is the film 's central , and only , real achievement , but it 's a doozy .
Even though everyone watching knows exactly what the film is building towards , the climactic sequence delivers everything you want and more -LRB- especially if you 're afraid of heights -RRB- .
The director Robert Zemeckis is one of the true visionary figures of recent American cinema .
Channeling the spirit of its subject , The Walk assumes a clownish attitude until , during its finale , it switches gears to become a solemn , striking tribute to human ingenuity , ambition and daring .
For at least the duration of the 25-minute wire sequence , The Walk is a breathless , exhilarating moviegoing experience . It 's just not much of a movie .
Even in its greatest moment , The Walk breaks the spell with an unnecessary narration about how Petit felt in that moment , how the sky looked to him , how a bird came soaring towards his head .
What makes this new movie a must see is the walk itself , which is an eye popping spectacle .
The Walk is a poor movie as it is , but when you put it alongside Man On Wire it becomes something else . It becomes pointless .
The third act is something to see and concludes with a heartfelt emotional wallop . -LRB- Full Content Review - Sex , Violence , Profanity , etc. - for Parents available -RRB-
Puts CGI , IMAX , and 3D -LRB- and Joseph Gordon-Levitt -RRB- to perfect use . Everything here comes with a vertiginous thrill and a delightful enchantment .
The film limps through its first two acts , putting in time until the big moment .
As it comes together , the film becomes just as much a tribute to those massive Towers as it is to Petit .
The movie is a marvel of complex and carefully controlled 3D digital imagery -LRB- do see it in IMAX -RRB- , and as long as Petit is up on that wire , we 're transfixed .
The last half hour or so of the film is breathtaking and well worth the price of admission in IMAX 3D .
As a cinematic experience , The Walk is one of those films that justifies the larger-than-life Hollywood experience and reminds us how much fun it can still be to go to the movies .
An utterly breathtaking experience , so much so that if you 're even remotely scared of heights , you may want to think twice about seeing the film .
I was simply exhausted by Zemeckis ' oppressive insistence that I was being told a valuable , thrilling and humorous story , and was having a good time .
Then we 're finally aloft , with the man on his wire , and Mr. Zemeckis and his colleagues lift their groundbound production into the realm of high art .
It 's extremely antic for the most part , covering a lack of real story with a lot of distracting quirk . Yet when Petit 's foot slips out onto a wire thousands of metres from the ground , it 's quietly mesmerising .
Heartfelt and extremely entertaining ...
The Walk exists only to get to the Twin Towers sequence ... That vertiginous , nearly real-time tightrope sequence is certainly lucid and entrancing , especially on an IMAX screen , but Zemeckis spends 90 minutes grasping at straws to get us there .
The film seems more than a little insecure , unwilling to let you feel its awesomeness -- it should n't have been -- and resorting to telling you , over and over , that this is a very inspirational story and you should be inspired by it .
Zemeckis throws all of the emphasis on the walk itself , which minimizes the film 's annoyances and justifies the groundwork necessary for the big payoff .
This delivers some frighteningly vertiginous moments once Petit steps off the South Tower into empty space , and Zemeckis wisely milks the climactic wire walk , which lasted 45 minutes and drew a crowd of breathless onlookers below , for all it 's worth .
The last 30 minutes or so are all about the walk . Dariusz Wolski 's cinematography is beautiful ... and Gordon-Levitt does some of his best acting when he 's out on the wire and mostly silent , his face glowing from the sheer crazy joy he 's feeling .
First hour bad , second hour good .
It does redeem itself in the final 40 minutes , but it still may be best to wait and see the movie at home where you can turn down Gordon-Levitt 's exasperating narration and just look at the magic that comes when one man defies gravity .
` The Walk ' is an incredible , joyous movie that absolutely , positively must be seen in a theater . I plan on seeing it again , but this time I 'm going to bring a parachute .
These dizzying IMAX 3-D visuals truly are big-screen magic , taking us inside Petit 's transcendent experience as he navigates his preternatural path , indulges his showman 's flair , and - agh ! - reclines to commune with the heavens .
Expect the worst from the first half - that 's before Philippe Petit -LRB- Joseph Gordon-Levitt -RRB- strings up a wire between the World Trade Center towers . But then , oh , baby , does this movie fly .
Does n't delve very deep into Petit 's psyche , but its visual strengths handily outweigh its narrative weaknesses .
A film whose final half-hour has you soaring so high that you almost forget how lame the rest of the film is .
-LSB- Zemeckis -RSB- has been working with advanced 3-D filming since The Polar Express . With The Walk , he has reached for the sky with his art and achieved astounding heights .
For half an hour , a man walks across a thin wire over a metropolitan void and we are held spellbound , transfixed and frightened to nausea by one of the most galvanizing events ever committed to cinema .
For all its visual brilliance , The Walk never manages to explain exactly what its goal is - or more specifically why anyone should care - because it 's not a film about Philippe at all but only about what he walked on .
The Walk is a visionary high-wire act .
The film has more than enough spectacle . Zemeckis , who made Back to the Future and Who Framed Roger Rabbit , is a peerless visual magician , adept at placing the camera in off-kilter places .
Robert Zemeckis ' re-creation of a New York cityscape that no longer exists is dazzling , as is the vertiginous cinematography of Dariusz Wolski , yet The Walk never really answers the question : `` Why ? ''
One of this year 's most theatrically necessary Hollywood movies ... see it for full cost with the most complete experience or totally skip it forever .
By some standards , this is n't much of a movie . But it is a hell of a monument .
Part caper and part thrilling ballet .
When Zemeckis finally gets to the walk itself , his excessive technical wizardry works wonders , putting the audience right alongside Petit .
`` The Walk '' is every bit like a showman who dares to dazzle the audience but wo n't bore them with the details .
Stumbles periodically , but in terms of spectacle and expanse , Robert Zemeckis proves once again that his interest in visual effects as a way to support intimate stories of growth is unrivaled in the industry .
It would be easy for a movie about such a spectacular feat to feel like it 's mostly about the daredevil aspect of that feat , but `` The Walk '' feels like it 's about bigger things such as love , art and what it means to be alive .
The line between gimmicky and magic can be mighty fine , but Robert Zemeckis masters it like a seasoned pro in The Walk .
`` The Walk '' satisfies as an absorbing yarn of authority-flouting adventure and as an example of stomach-flipping you-are-there-ness . The journey it offers viewers does n't just span 140 feet , but also an ethereal , now-vanished , world .
To get the upmost enjoyment from the film , you should see the film in 3-D at an IMAX theater , where , at times , the cinematography makes it seem as if you are on the wire with Petit .
After two hours of `` The Walk , '' I felt as if I 'd walked the wire myself .
It 's when the walk portion of The Walk arrives that this unevenly scripted , fact-based thriller achieves its full potential .
Yes , the bravura closing sequence is excellent - but Zemeckis has built a pretty good movie around it , too .
`` The Walk '' may rely more on visuals than characters , but it 's also a tremendous piece of filmmaking .
On top of the world 's then-tallest buildings likely will be the only time most of us have been scared to look down while actually looking up at a screen . -LRB- Queasy is probably not exactly the first word that will come to mind . -RRB-
There are some films you see simply for their images , and The Walk just might be one of them .
The Walk triumphs , even if it wobbles quite a bit in getting there .
It 's not really a narrative ; it 's an experience . And on that level it delivers the goods . We 've never seen anything like it . Well , Philippe Petit has .
I 'd love to say that I was delighted by Robert Zemeckis ' `` The Walk '' from start to finish . But I ca n't . Not that I was disappointed . Simply underwhelmed . It just did n't click for me .
Delivering the most exhilarating film sequence of the year , The Walk is pure , visceral fun despite its flawed , overwritten script .
... far too long . Dragging considerably for 90 minutes , the last half hour still presents exceptional visual effects and wonderful cinematography that make your heels tickle ... -LRB- but -RRB- the 2008 documentary ` Man on Wire ' is a much better movie .
Robert Zemeckis renews your faith in the wonder of movies with this breathtaking film version of Philippe Petit 's walk across the twin towers of the World Trade Center in 1974 . A thrilling movie experience for everyone .
In its attention to minute detail of the towers , The Walk also serves as a tribute to something lost , a new fairytale : how these buildings got their soul .
This is one to see in Imax 3D if you dare . And good luck not flinching when Philippe drops his balancing pole while practicing on the circus high wire .
This is a great story , but Zemeckis ' film proves an overly cute retelling of it , and except for the walk itself it 's more a cinematic misstep than a triumph .
... one ca n't help but surrender to the astonishing movie magic of The Walk 's digitally recreated spectacle .
Visual and emotional dazzlers finally pop and crackle in the last 20 minutes of The Walk , the new Robert Zemeckis-directed movie starring Joseph Gordon-Levitt as daredevil French aerialist Phillippe Petit .
A razzle-dazzle thriller with eye-popping visuals , white-knuckle tension and just the right note of melancholy .
Zemeckis ' spin on the story is terrifying -- electrifying -- and I 'm not even afraid of heights .
At a minimum , the film is unsettling . Early on , we are teased by what is to follow . Like an effective horror story , we may dread what is ahead of us , yet anticipate it with guarded enthusiasm . `` The Walk '' is the ultimate vicarious experience .
-LSB- T -RSB- he film , especially once Philippe prepares to take his first steps across and over the void , becomes something altogether astonishing .
You should see it on the biggest screen you can find , and be patient until you get to the reason why .
Sometimes stunning , and a game , if also miscast , Gordon-Levitt , but technical issues often interfere with the experience . IMAX 3D is a roll of the dice in this city . You often lose .
Those afraid of heights will be seriously challenged by the reality of a superbly done 3D conversion , especially if seen on IMAX screens . There 's only one problem - the hour and a half of movie one needs to watch to get to the spectacle .
The Walk has been made with the same genial spirit a judge used when he sentenced Petit to perform a free show for children in Central Park for his crime . This is a love letter to lunacy that lets you feel what it 's like to tread where only gods dare .
It may not get inside the head of its pole-balancing protagonist - it does n't really even try - but Zemeckis ' movie takes you skyward .
Acaba sendo uma bela forma de um artista reverenciar outro .
Zemeckis finally delivers the goods in abundance in the section that really counts : A vertigo-inducing digital re-creation of Petit 's famous walk back and forth between the towers .
While it 's clearly constructed with meticulous care , with the wire-walking scenes as breathtaking as CGI allows , it lacks a certain , well , je ne sais quoi .
It would be swell if all of `` The Walk '' came together as beautifully as the computer effects do , but it would also be churlish not to appreciate what we do have .
At once thin and mighty - redundant in some ways yet quietly , even tragically bittersweet .
Gordon-Levitt beguilingly captures Petit 's irresistible charisma in a performance that completes his transition from indie-film favorite to big-budget star .
No matter its numerable shortcomings , everything in The Walk is artifice , and at times that works in its favor .
Zemeckis ... nearly sinks the film before redeeming it in spectacular fashion .
The occasional hokum can not cloud the stunning , incandescent craftsmanship of the movie 's third act .
Somehow The Walk succeeds in spite of its immoderation , especially when the stunt is at hand - in 3D IMAX , no less - which is so often the way of Zemeckis movies .
The Walk is good , and occasionally very good .
The Walk becomes a first-rate caper movie , with a thrilling finish that ca n't help but move you -LRB- if you have n't covered your eyes -RRB- .
It 's exhausting , but also quite a profound journey .
Tightrope legend and coincidental movie critic Karl Wallenda famously declared `` life is on the wire , the rest is just waiting . '' Which pretty much sums up Robert Zemeckis ' The Walk , a marvelous technical achievement when he finally gets around to it .
In terms of sheer directorial craft , `` The Walk '' is masterful , but as storytelling , it 's a near-disaster .
For those who want to feel like they 're 110 stories up and living in the clouds , Hollywood does its job conjuring movie magic with a breathtaking Walk to remember .
Flip , funny and sentimental . Not `` Man on Wire , '' but not bad , either .
`` The Walk '' is the rare movie that improves as goes along , shedding its cliches and getting down to what matters .
Inventive , compelling movie making . Visually stunning , if it takes a while to get going .
The film gets better as it goes , and the last half-hour -LRB- especially in 3-D on an Imax screen -RRB- is nearly everything it should be : scary , visually momentous , meticulously realized .
The highlight sequence of The Walk serves as a testament to cinema 's transportive power , and a potent reminder that even generally bland gimmicks like 3D can become effective tools .
'' ` The Walk ' is that rare movie that might please practically everyone , from viewers just looking for a thrill to those who might enjoy a story that sounds like a tall tale but winds up being discreetly poignant . ''
The Walk , in its last half at least , is a dazzling piece of work , particularly in 3-D ; even so , its most luminous effect is an actor .
Despite a bit too much whimsy in the first half , this account of Philippe Petit 's remarkable wire-walk between New York 's Twin Towers is a dazzling visual experience .
The Walk serves its purpose by showing you something you 've never seen before , from perspectives as impossible as the stunt itself . Zemeckis just chose for too long to luxuriate in the fantasy of it all , when the reality was more than enough .
A story of a dreamer that inspires you to dream ; art that celebrates the capabilities of passion ; and a spectacularly-presented , thrilling adventure .
It is , as it should be , a slight , mischievous , light-footed film , full of imagery .
A visually exhilarating , profusely congratulatory reflection of Zemeckis ' personal belief that Petit is an artist , and someone whose accomplishment deserves nothing but celebration .
Even when The Walk inspires the eyes , the brain registers little but banality .
The film 's payoff more than compensates for a lumbering setup , laden with cloying voiceover narration and strained whimsy .
A filmmaker with a gift for overcoming the seemingly impossible puts audiences in the place of the man who walked between the Twin Towers in this gripping human-interest story .
Zemeckis aims bold and broad , with a genre melder that begins as an antic caper , mutates into a heist thriller , and then finally delivers the visceral and poetic spectacle that is the film 's real USP .
You ca n't help but hold your breath and clutch the armrests when Philippe steps out into the sky .
A reminder that beauty , fun and the irresistible human impulse to create are the stuff that dissolves terror on contact .
For all the 3D showboating , it 's a touching tribute to the Twin Towers .
Less digital dazzle than deja vu , and inches away from death - literally . And essentially seeing is not believing cartoonish caricatures wrapped in distracting hocus pocus layers of optical illusions , as ` the outside world starts to disappear . ' Indeed ...
Robert Zemeckis , retelling Petit 's most famous walk , creates his own art , with a 3D mastery that is nothing but depth defying and beautifully sweat provoking .
The last 45 minutes of The Walk is well worth the price of admission .
The Walk is a flashy film that repeatedly justifies its existence , and even the inevitable 3D ticket prices .
It 's ultimately as entertaining and moving as Man on Wire only on a far grander scale .
In order to make the walk , Philippe Petit has to comprehend it as real and impossible . Zemeckis teaches us the same lesson .
A random act of real life intransigence rendered as a cartoon .
In the sense of the sheer physical awe it conveys , The Walk makes a more compelling case for 3D 's continued existence than any other film has to date .
Zemeckis films this feat so beautifully that the only proper response is awe .
Zemeckis creates an apparent respect and adoration of New York City and the twin towers that have n't really been seen in film post-9 / 11 however , his narrative tones and setup are both uninspired and dull
Damn if the sublime last act does n't wash away most of the movie 's early and clumsy aftertaste .
`` The Walk '' is a TKO you do n't see coming . Your palms will sweat ; tears will be spilled .
There are bits of poetry and flickering wit that grace Petit 's passage into an ebullient boor and bore .
The Walk offers a genuinely unique cinematic experience in precisely the manner that it promises .
Lunatic almost kills himself , and everyone loves it !
Ultimately there 's enough daredevil verve here to offset the pedestrian comedy undergirding it .

@highlight

The Walk attempts a tricky balancing act between thrilling visuals and fact-based drama -- and like its wire-walking protagonist , pulls it off with impressive élan .