lowly enveloping you in its pace , this is a film you never want to end .
Guaranteed to have you reaching for the Kleenex .
Falardeau had the good fortune to work with a powerfully effective ensemble cast , and Martin Léon 's minimalist ambient score helps set the mood for a satisfying story about the healing effect brief encounters can have on emotional scars .
While it may not stand out from similar movies , Monsieur Lazhar is a sweet film with a simple story and remains engaging thanks in large part to Mohamed Fellag 's charming performance .
Philippe Falardeau 's direction is a model of the notion that less is more , and this film is a treat well worth savoring .
This is cinema at its most impactful .
By the time you realise how invested you are in this tale it is too late : Monsieur Lazhar has you . I consider myself a cinematic Chuck Norris , but this film had me blubbering like a baby .
While `` Monsieur Lazhar '' is a decent film , I wish it would have done more to stand out from other similar films .
The film understands the complex bond between teachers and students , and how the classroom is a sacred space they share for a short time before moving on .
Thankfully , the impressive cast of child actors actually behave like children , not like miniature adults .
Monsieur Lazhar is a film to cherish .
Monsieur Lazhar never pretends to be anything but a grown-up fable , and it 's a captivating one .
Phillipe Falardeau , who adapted the play into a screenplay , ca n't entirely paper over a few niggling loose ends , but overall this disturbing film is very effective indeed .
Lazhar is something of a puzzle , and much of the pleasure of Philippe Falardeau 's film lies in the gradual unfolding of his reserved yet impulsive personality .
Very few films offer a moral grandeur , as well as a political foundation ; very few films have such poised and brilliant performances from unknown actors .
Monsieur Lazhar is a film that focuses on humanity when at its most vulnerable , with the film itself a warm embrace that will evoke tears of joy .
Beautifully performed by all the actors , not least the youngsters
The fact that both teacher and students are in need of protection adds greatly to the poignancy and Falardeau delivers an emotionally rich film filled with nuance , grace and subtlety
Under Falardeau 's inconspicuous lens , life plays out with rare authenticity ; not just its tragedies , but its triumphs , its mishaps and its incidental interludes
In Monsieur Lazhar , education can prevail over its literal restrictions . Teachers may make mistakes , but the good ones emphasize independence and intelligence . And interpretation . They serve inquisitiveness , not inquisition .
Falardeau 's adaptation of fellow Québécois Evelyne de la Chenelière 's play honours the power of the written word -LRB- a motif reinforced throughout the film -RRB- , and expands on its stage origins via remarkably-assured cinematic touches .
Falardeau dances delicately along the razor 's edge of the familiar and the conventional . But he does so with tact and taste and just the right blend of tension and relief .
This moving film features exquisite performances by Fellag and a stunning ensemble of child actors . The movie also gets high marks in cinematography , sound , original musical score and editing .
Although it raises timeless questions about life and loss , and timely ones about mentorship and multiculturalism , `` Monsieur Lazhar '' would rather teach than preach .
... the perfect school drama for people who hate the Hollywood version of the genre , but are open to simple and moving stories about people doing the best they can in a world that does n't always seem to encourage that approach .
A humanistic story about how tragedy has different effects on people .
a naturalistic ensemble drama about the possibilities - and the limitations - of the teacher-pupil relationship ... probably too low-key for mainstream multiplex tastes , Monsieur Lazhar is a temperate , generous and deeply affecting experience .
As the teacher , Fellag suggests Robert Downey Jr. channeling a quietly reflective Robert De Niro .
A gentle film can still be searing in its effect on an audience , something that `` Monsieur Lazhar '' proves emphatically .
This is a good movie about teaching , but more importantly , a good movie about the loss of a loved one and how to cope with death .
With a few folds , this story could have made a script for John Barrymore , like Topaze , or for Chaplin .
There 's a lighthearted inspiration infused throughout Monsieur Lazhar that makes it also touching , but never maudlin .
Everything about the film sets exactly the right tone , from the unforced and winning performances by the main children to the wintry cinematography to Fellag 's quietly rueful performance .
The rare sort of movie that chooses not to focus on the dramatic , pivotal moments that happen in life , but what comes after .
One of the most touching films of the year . A brilliant tragedy that transcends boundaries of age , country , race , religion and gender .
tender and sincere , frequently striking a fine balance between the dictates of the `` inspirational teacher '' genre and a more mundane kind of realism that tamps down easy sentimentality and strives for something more organic and genuine
Takes the fairly dreadful ` teacher who makes a difference ' sub-genre and puts an interesting new spin on it that gives it the allure of something fresh .
Some teachers will learn from it . All teachers will find it a reaffirmation of their vocation .
Impressively directed and superbly written , this is an emotionally engaging , deservedly Oscar-nominated drama with a terrific central performance from Mohamed Saïd Fellag .
It is moving , emotional , honest , and genuine .
Fans of Nicolas Philibert 's immaculate chronicle of the learning curve , Être et Avoir , are sure to appreciate the warm lessons of this award-winning Canadian film .
Monsieur Lazhar remains tight-lipped about his private life , but the audience comes to learn about the great human loss and danger of deportation that clouds his life .
Works awfully well , managing to be sweet and distinctly easy without feeling the need to talk down to the viewer at the same time .
Eloquent drama about contemporary issues like immigration , education , integration and the propriety of physical contact with students .
Only the most obstreperous delinquent could fail to be charmed by Monsieur Lazhar , in which an Algerian refugee plays ramshackle Mary Poppins to the kids at a Montreal primary .
The film invites comparison with Laurent Cantet 's 2008 film The Class , which makes it look tame by comparison , but also Dead Poets Society , which makes it look tough .
Monsieur Lazhar becomes a deeply affecting film not for pathos but for the way sadness is conveyed so subtly . It 's a small triumph of restrained compassion , coaxing throat lumps rather than jerking tears .
Canadian filmmaker Philippe Falardeau 's warm , tidy character study -LSB- is -RSB- gratifying .
Despite its independent credentials , it feels like a softened remake of a rawer , more compelling story .
A timely examination of violence in our society through the eyes of those who ca n't control it .
Broaching tough material in a tactful , sensitive manner , Monsieur Lazhar is a potent , stirring gem of Canadian cinema .
You could almost describe ` Monsieur Lazhar ' as a morality tale , but it 's more thought-provoking than debate-provoking .
The result is a shrewd look at classroom etiquette and an achingly sad study of grief-stricken solitude , built on ace performances by Fellag and the kids ...
It 's a subtle meditation on catharsis , and a gentle indictment of over-regulated education ...
An Oscar nominee at this year 's Academy Awards and for good reason , Falardeau 's film is moving , smart and sensitive . Terrific stuff , in short .
Notions of class , cultural , ideological and emotional violence - or perhaps a little of each - take on vastly difference meanings in this sensitively woven French Canadian journey through Algerian exile , student angst and outsider alienation
A quietly affecting character study ... remarkable for its subtlety , charm , poignancy , and generosity of spirit .
Remarkably human , touching , brilliant film that never succumbs to melodrama , finding something truthful in the complex relationship between adults and children forced to grow up too soon .
A sad , reflective study of the possibilities , and the impossibilities , inherent in the teacher-student relationship .
Monsieur Lazhar does the best job of summing up the appeal of his own movie : `` A classroom is a place of friendship , of work and of courtesy ... a place of life . ''
`` Monsieur Lazhar '' is good . Really good .
`` Monsieur Lazhar '' is a complex , multilayered tale that reveals new meanings as it introduces each new character .
The film is rich in naturalistic , tossed-off details .
A standard liberal tale about an inspirational teacher gradually deepens into a quiet study of how grief works its way through a community .
It 's all a bit neat . But whatever the film 's limitations , it 's certainly engaging to watch .
Its purpose is to present us with a situation , explore the people involved and show us a man who is dealing with his own deep hurts .
How do we get past tragedy ? Together .
What could be didactic is rendered life-size and indelible , even with the cards that Falardeau has carefully stacked .
A sensitive and fairly subtle work , with the deceptive simplicity of a well-honed short story .
A subtle , wise , beautifully rendered tale , with exemplary scenes in the classroom between an amateur cast of savvy children and , as Monsieur Lazhar , a great actor , Mohamed Fellag .
Perceptive and humanistic , Monsieur Lazhar unfolds in a world that recognizes and embraces complexity and duality , and is n't dishonest about the piecemeal way in which emotional centeredness is often achieved .
Sensitive , imbued with melancholy
An unexpected charmer .
Fellag , an Algerian comedian and humor writer , anchors the film as the ineffable Bachir , a man who 's so private that even the third-act revelation of his back story does n't fully explain his motivations to us -LRB- nor would we want it to -RRB- .
Canada 's foreign-language submission is a searing classroom drama about grief that should be an Oscar front-runner .
Monsieur Lazhar manages to weave humor into its essentially serious story and reveal layers of its characters ' personalities step by step .
The French-Canadian film Monsieur Lazhar has one of the most powerful openings I 've ever seen in a movie .
... not only a poignant saga of teacher-student relations , but a restrained and hopeful examination of the mourning process on children .
The movie 's tonic lack of sentimentality binds the various griefs together into something moving .
Do n't be put off by its hokey-sounding subject : this unexpectedly powerful , subtle little film is exquisitely made , enormously moving and politically-charged .
An understated story of coping with emotional blows that offers a compelling portrait of a decent man .
Like a dedicated teacher , this is a film that stays with you .
Fellag , a comedian and himself an exile from Algeria , makes Lazhar both a sensitive and an amusing figure . And the kids are just terrific , especially Emilien Neron as a boy who carries the guilt of the whole school on his shoulders .
The film , alas , seems determined to be as careful , as gentle , as Lazhar himself .
This is a quiet movie centered on small moments that collectively form something deep and profound .
This film deals almost casually with a range of issues and themes , handling with a light and even affectionate touch weighty subjects like grief , guilt , community and love .
Fellag has created one of the great movie teachers ... But the film is practically stolen by young Sophie Nélisse , an actress of such maturity she recalls ` Mad Men 's ' Kiernan Shipka
What makes the film enthralling is the wisdom and grace with which it addresses the twin subjects of grief and healing , and the quiet beauty of Mohamed Fellag 's performance in the title role .
`` Monsieur Lazhar '' sustains an exquisite balance between grown-up and child 's - eye views of education , teacher-student relations and peer-group interactions .
... a thoughtful film that delves into the grief and horror of the tragic event in a Montreal public grade school .
Falarde , in adapting a play , has a sweet , humanistic approach reminiscent of Bill Forsyth 's '80s dramedies that lets `` Lazhar 's '' protagonist and his class shine .
Though it 's a bit too early to say that it 's an unforgettable movie , one suspects it is . It 's also about so many things it nearly defies explanation .
The film leaves you hopeful , and even exhilarated , that even the most painful wounds can sometimes heal .
Falardeau offers a film as believably wrenching , and finally cathartic , as the grieving process itself .
Should appeal widely to arthouse audiences and lovers of smart , international cinema .
-LSB- An -RSB- intelligent but generally cheery comedy .
Marvelous story of a crackerjack sub teacher with problems greater than those of his class .
Fellag does for the film what his Lazhar does for the pupils : He 's soothing and entrancingly enigmatic enough to keep us fixed to our seats .
Monsieur Lazhar builds hope in the face of tragedy and sheds new light on the question of what is truth and how we find it .
Nélisse , with her tough , Courtney Love puss , and Néron 's portrayal of a boy 's well-defended torment are extraordinary , as is the film 's realization of the small , temporary world that surrounds them .
This surprising , humanist Canadian film about an Algerian immigrant seeking solace for his young students and himself is a winner .
Monsieur Lazhar is so discreet that it never quite comes to life .
Ineffably sad-yet there 's almost no loitering . The film is crisp , evenly paced , its colors bright , as sharp as the winter cold .
There 's great potential for the kind of issues that are taken on , but nothing is resolved , and the biggest questions , of guilt and shame , the gulf of understanding between the first world and the third , remain unengaged .
The acting is stellar throughout the film , from the one-named Algerian actor Fellag 's subtle and warm portrayal of the title character , to the cast of precocious children who make up his classroom .
... a passable yet mostly underwhelming little Canadian drama .
A caring and compassionate man helps some grief shaken children deal with the suicide of their teacher .
Monsieur Lazhar is a tender and touching drama that captures the pulse of both primary school politics and Canadian immigration .
The film is a small , quiet drama that sneaks up on you and delivers an impressive emotional wallop .
An exquisite , humanistic and subtly topical work of cinema art that manages to keep the intimate , revelatory sensibility of a one-man play intact while fleshing out the characters and creating a very realistic and richly detailed school community .
It 's a tapestry of fraught relationships , weaving issues of parental authority , social taboos and national boundaries . Empathy comes through understanding , but it 's not easily achieved . It never is .
Canada 's Oscar entry is a sensitively acted , precisely directed drama about children forced to deal with issues of loss and death .
Algerian Fellag plays the title role with an obvious love for young minds finding their place in the world .
Quietly intelligent and respectable , much like its protag .

@highlight

Monsieur Lahzar is a tender and thoughtful portrait of a man with hidden grief and also a compelling exploration of the teacher-student dynamic .