Director William Wellman drew on his own WWI French Foreign Legion aviator combat experience , including being shot down by anti-aircraft fire , to dramatize this story of two American fighter pilots , Jack Powell and David Armstrong ...
It is , in fact , the masterpiece of war production .
Wings comes from an era when it was okay to be heartbreakingly emotional at all times . The beats are more obvious , and the acting is more over-the-top , but it does n't necessarily feel artificial .
William Wellman 's silent WW1 flying epic soars thrillingly while it 's airborne , but on the ground it plods .
A mixture of melodrama , sentimental romance and heavy-handed comedy , Wings was superbly choreographed with skilfully photographed stunt flying and aerial combat .
Not a very unique , nor an especially artistic production , for sure , but it is one heck of an outstanding picture .
Still exciting aloft but terribly sentimental and cliché-ridden on the ground .
... the last of the grand studio epics of the silent film era .
The main reason to see ` Wings ' is some of the most jaw dropping areal footage ever shot . Keep in mind , these folks did n't have CGIs .
It 's exactly the kind of movie the Academy still loves today .
its unadorned sense of realism sets Wings apart from so many special-effects-laden action movies today that exchange pixels for stuntmen and computer logarithms for physical reality
... as big as they came in 1927 , with a host of extras in the battle scenes and aerial footage that is often stunning .
The audience gulped down the plot as conventional but reliable stuff , watched with waning interest while spinning , swerving , dodging planes grew into confused monotony against a background of unpicturesque ether .
The first Oscar winner for Best Picture was also the only silent film to win the Oscar .
Clara Bow is mesmerising in this ahead-of-its-time air force drama .
There not being so much of Clara Bow in the picture , or a straining for her to turn on that ` it ' personality , she gives an all around corking performance .
Rather predictable but still quite watchable .
It won the first Academy Award for best picture back in 1927 , establishing a tradition of silliness that has n't been broken to this day , but there is some thrilling flying footage and impressively expensive spectacle .
Above par effects -LRB- for the time -RRB- matched with decent performances make for a modestly entertaining picture .
Long touted as a classic by cinema historians , and justifying almost every adjectival extravagance .
It is undoubtedly the aerial combat shots that make this movie such a true classic .
Wings , the first Oscar winner , enjoyed the administration 's support on the condition that it projects a positive image of the Air Force , thus emphasizing camaraderie and heroism .
The classic war epic-meets-buddy-movie from which most others since have been derived .
Nice . Not thrilling , but nice .
An early buddies-go-to-war story that still echoes in today 's movies .
The main attraction for this movie is the aerial fight sequences . They 're some of the most exciting combat scenes I 've seen , and this is for a film that was made in 1927 !
The airborne stunts , even to this day , are quite breathtaking and have rarely been surpassed ; just as notable are the land-based war sequences , in particular a trench that collapses with devastating consequences .
One of the best silent films ever made .
Clara Bow and Buddy Rogers develop their characters and bring far more life to the screen than anyone in the forgettable Bruckheimer-Bay rip-off WWII love story
Looked at freshly , it 's surprising that a lot of its best moments are n't the much-celebrated airborne ones , but the ones on the ground .
The strengths of the film are the great battle sequences ... and the shining moments when the beautiful Clara Bow is onscreen .
This feature gives one an unforgettable idea of the existence of these daring fighters .
Admittedly , this movie has not aged as well as many of its contemporaries , but it 's not hard to understand why it was accorded the Oscar -LRB- a term that , by the way , had not yet been coined -RRB- .






@highlight

Subsequent war epics may have borrowed heavily from the original Best Picture winner , but they 've all lacked Clara Bow 's luminous screen presence and William Wellman 's deft direction .