More than a love story or an awakening , Hallström has given us something of beauty , depth and dimension beyond the human stories he tells .
Hallström 's made a wonderful film about the power of faith . Flyfishing in a manufactured trout stream in the middle of the desert is a faith-based activity , declares the sheik who built it .
It 's an affable , inoffensive British comedy that just wants you to like it so much that you ca n't help but snicker behind its back .
To say this movie requires an utter suspension of disbelief is a vast understatement .
... just because something seems absurd does n't mean it ca n't happen . And just because a film seems to lack surprises does n't mean it wo n't take an entirely satisfying turn at the end .
As it stands , the best elements of the film become mired in the unwelcome narrative muck , branding Salmon Fishing in the Yemen the one that got away .
Everything that happens is horribly predictable , and the tone varies from light and fluffy to over-the-top camp , especially with Kristin Scott Thomas as the cynical British press secretary .
Faith , serenity , dreams , possibilities , duty and honor , love ... and fishing . `` Salmon Fishing in the Yemen '' somehow ties them all together , and without so much as a kink in the line .
... thanks to Simon Beaufoy 's fantastically witty script , Salmon Fishing is a fun and often unpredictable ride .
Guts most of the edgy features of the novel .
Apart from some glaring orientalist , sweeping generalisations and characterisations of Yemeni and Arabic people was a cute and painfully predictable British comedy featuring a measured accomplished performance from Ewan McGregor .
A bizarre and original comedy which offsets its narrative flaws with prevailing chemistry between Blunt and McGregor .
These are scrunched script pages from Armando Iannucci 's waste bin .
See ! This is how you do romantic comedy ! ... You make it funny by putting real people in a situation that 's a just tad fantastical and watch them cope with it .
A lame , sentimental enterprise .
Co-star Tom Mison 's -LRB- ... -RRB- character is so thinly sketched , so invisible for the most part - physically and emotionally - that he 'll probably wonder in years to come if that 's him on screen or his stand in .
Unfortunately , these characters belong to different worlds that do n't meld , cartoonish political satire and dopey romcom .
Blunt and McGregor act beautifully and their tale is charming .
Lasse Hallstrom 's beautifully-shot but at times cloyingly sentimental rom-com .
Attractive , picture postcard cinematography from Terry Stacey adds to the appeal of a film that is easy on the eye and pleasantly undemanding in every other respect .
It 's hard to see the fish for the froth in Lasse Hallstrom 's twee adaptation of Paul Torday 's novel .
Is there any genre more wearying than the plodding , fat - brained adaptation of last year 's book club favourite ?
This is at times shamelessly hokey but forgivably so as it 's engaging , uplifting and thoroughly enjoyable .
The weakest part of this film is the ferocious government PR chief , played by Kristin Scott Thomas , with much lip-pursing and eye-rolling , but nothing funny or believable in the script for her to say .
The kind of film you might find on the DVD shelf of a holiday cottage , and that 's not necessarily a criticism .
A sweet , warm and witty romance that satisfyingly washes over you .
Does n't quite know whether it wants to be a full blown romantic drama , a geo-political commentary , a satirical comedy like The Thick Of It ...
The preachiness - about `` faith '' - gets so thick that the film completely loses all its early zingy lightness of touch .
McGregor and Blunt make fetching lovebirds , while Kristin Scott Thomas is off the scale in a rare comic outing .
Fishing becomes a metaphor for patience , tolerance and faith , suggesting that life 's flow of natural instinct can sometimes be wondrously interrupted by rewarding opportunities to swim against the current .
Too light for its own good .
It 's a rom-com worth catching .
Enjoyable , sweet-natured British comedy-drama , enlivened by terrific performances from McGregor , Blunt and a scene-stealing Kristin Scott Thomas , though the tone is occasionally uneven and it 's slightly let down by an unconvincing ending .
Fishing will hook you .
The stars are endearing enough to keep things tolerable , though you may wonder why even McGregor 's Scots brogue sounds artificially sweetened here .
... a thoroughgoing delight .
As awkward as McGregor 's geeky hero and almost as confused as the titular plan , Salmon Fishing is still very likable if you 're prepared to take the bait .
Salmon Fishing in Yemen is n't totally about salmon . Or Yemen . It 's a love story . And a pretty good one .
A picture in perhaps the most improbable of genres - the Middle East-based romantic comedy . That 's right : Hallström has managed to make a feel-good movie with terrorists .
For those who prefer their otherwise bitter politics lightly coated with sugar , this should suffice . A bolder remit would n't have hurt , though , given the source material .
A great cast , some quirky humor , and a gentle romance will leave those who appreciate it feeling good by the end .
While its performances are entertaining and premise is engaging , Salmon Fishing in the Yemen does n't pack enough punch in its political satire or depth in its love story to sustain itself .
I had no issues with the charming Emily Blunt but I found Ewan McGregor 's character too nerdish and boring .
Hallstrom and Beaufoy have no great pretensions . They 're out to deliver a feelgood film , but it 's a very classy one .
The two leads are attractive ; it 's a nice role for Ewan McGregor and Emily Blunt is a good match for him .
Talented actors are swimming upstream in clunky melodrama .
Equally solid is Lasse Hallstrom 's direction , keeping the film moving as gracefully as salmon swimming upstream .
All the great talents combined - from writer Simon Beaufoy and director Lasse Hallstrom to the principal cast - ca n't quite convince us of the film 's overall veracity
Eccentric and engaging - a whimsical treat .
The movie never quite commits to one tone , instead half-heartedly trying out wacky comedy , sweet romance and inspirational drama .
Like a good fishing trip , Salmon Fishing in the Yemen does require a good deal of patience and faith , but it will hook you in the end .
The story itself may be about the collision between cynicism and faith , but jarring tonal shifts and lack of focus rarely work -- even in theory .
Uneven but entirely embraceable .
Salmon Fishing is , at its heart , quite sweet and upbeat . And that 's not a bad way to spend the evening .
Taken on its own terms , Salmon Fishing in the Yemen marks a sweet little ripple in restorative waters .
Beaufoy serves up a script filled with deft dialogue and breezy charms , giving plenty of room for McGregor and Blunt to shine in spite of director Lasse Hallstrom 's proclivity for easy sentimentality .
At bottom a pretty basic romantic comedy of the comfort-food variety .
Attempts to make the world a better place through the virtues of fishing and does it in a funny and heartwarming way .
Hallstrom shores up his film with a terrific cast that can often make up for the parts that sag under the uneven weight of preciousness .
`` Salmon Fishing '' should have remained a comedy . It could have been a really good one .
McGregor brings quiet grace to an otherwise routine role of mid-life malaise ; matching him for effortless charm is Blunt , who gets to bear the brunt of what passes for heavy lifting around these parts ...
Mad , uplifting and gloriously twee -- a delight .
Sweet , Funny , Different
A terribly disappointing , habitually mediocre feature , dissolving the potential insanity of the premise to make googly eyes with two characters who should n't be sent down the tunnel of love .
It 's an engaging love story that should appeal to moviegoers with a flair for the offbeat .
Crowd-pleaser has its charm
Fishing for romance in an unlikely spot
Only Scott Thomas , biting off all her sentences like a piranha , rescues `` Salmon Fishing '' from being a by-the-numbers romantic comedy ; you wish the redoubtable Ms. Maxwell had her own movie .
While `` Salmon Fishing '' fritters away the comic momentum of its madcap opening chapters , it 's like angling -- a pleasant diversion if you can look below the surface and muster the patience to appreciate it .
A charming little movie .
Even the characters who are only briefly on-screen are memorable and funny .
At the same time , it never quite knows what to completely do with itself , either , the climactic scenes a hodgepodge of melodramatic clichés that come perilously close to erasing all the amity generated by the first two-thirds .
Overly sweet , arguably witty romantic comedy .
While both Emily Blunt and Ewan McGregor are enormously appealing actors , Hallstrom has made a movie that pretends it is something it 's not -- namely , an intelligent romantic comedy .
Despite sporting the worst cinematic title since The Chumscrubber , Salmon Fishing in the Yemen hooks some charming laughs and a quaint romance by not delving too deeply into its subject matter .
A sweet , charming couple in search of a movie sturdier than a wisp .
It 's one part romantic comedy , one part nature travelogue , one part globalization parable and one part cynical , `` In the Loop '' - style British political satire . In all , it 's inoffensive but rather forgettable .
I 'll say this much for Salmon Fishing in the Yemen , it 's got a catchy title . But beware of films with catchy titles . The films themselves usually do n't live up to them .
A bland but likable romantic comedy that gets by mostly on the charm of its leads ... but Scott 's performance reminds us of how much sharper the film could have been .
While you 're never quite sure where the movie is swinging at least it is swinging .
It is an enjoyable piece of filmmaking with a cast of very talented actors .
While the film does gloss over an assassination attempt and other examples of unrest among the Yemeni people , it is not designed to be an epic history lesson in their culture and politics .
Quirky romance mixes politics , charm ; fine for teens .
With plot twists that are hard to swallow and a general aversion to any real conflict , it 's a movie with a flow that 's easy to slip into , and just as easy to slip out of and forget once it 's through .
The predictably feel-good story arc too often leaves the film swimming upstream .
Salmon Fishing was a novel first and you can see how all these juggled balls could stay in the air on the page , but in movie form , many of them just seem extraneous .
The central romance is so flat and the movie 's tone is so aggressively -LRB- and obnoxiously -RRB- precious , the whole thing feels like a particularly dull fishing trip that just wo n't end .
A rare catch : an intelligent romantic comedy that finds laughs without stooping for them , and wins the heart without pandering to it . The title is weird ; the movie is a treat .
An egregiously dopey mushfest where the only sparks between the stars are Nicholas-like .
This is a film that straddles many genres and starts off quite strong , but ultimately fails to keep up that terrific early pace and slowly sinks under the weight of trying to be too many things . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
Salmon Fishing elicits a little bit of goodwill in the midst of so much empty filmmaking .
Whimsy and geopolitical metaphor collide and then wobble away dazed .
It is a likable film with a likable cast and a fantastical story .
When trying to be lighthearted , fun , and quirky , it is the kind of entertaining , cute movie that can take you away from the troubles of life .
Hallstrom ... goes for a `` Local Hero '' - type feeling , but the movie has to swim upstream to get anywhere .
Enter forewarned . Or better yet - head upstream and do n't be lured in at all .
Make the leap , and you 'll be delighted by a movie that 's sugary goodness , a guilty pleasure .
Hallstrom , in one of his best showings in years ... turns Salmon Fishing in the Yemen into a spirited , amusing and charming movie .
Trust me : These are characters with whom it 's a pleasure to spend a couple of hours .
The worst kind of trifle .
The story hinges on three events that make little to no sense in the context of what comes before them .
Kirsten Scott Thomas steals the show as the press secretary , whether she is sending tart IMs or scooting her children out the door as she barks orders into her cell phone .
This could very well be early 2012 's poster child for neither-here-nor-there mediocrity .
Makes use of pink-fleshed vertebrates as the inspiration for sweet romantic musings on love and life , faith and patience - and the courage to go against the flow .
McGregor and Blunt have a sweet chemistry as the two people thrown together by this fishy tale .
Somehow managing to be both twee and edgy , the absurdist but gently winning romantic comedy Salmon Fishing in the Yemen works a strange kind of wonder .
The appeal of the film depends on the charm of Mr. McGregor and Ms. Blunt , whose polite but discreetly charged connection is the story 's emotional center .
In the end Salmon Fishing reassures more than it excites , but all props are due to a commercial movie that helps demolish the stereotype of the Arab as bloodthirsty primitive .
The withering political pungency , the commentary on terrorism and the searing critique of nationalism and patriotism that made the book a best-seller in the U.K. are replaced by a comforting surface sheen and a lot of unconvincing nonsense ...
It is what it is , and if you find McGregor and Blunt appealing , the movie will have you feeling similarly about it .
It has the U.K. knack for institutional/bureaucratic satire , and Kristin Scott Thomas has a small , vivid , funny role as a tough-talking politico who manages the project from behind the scenes .
Proudly , it has no conviction to offer , just the comforts of its genericness .
When the recessive style works with the characters and the kooky international-incident story , Salmon Fishing in the Yemen has an absorbing , old-fashioned sweetness .
... this one plays like `` Local Hero '' crossed with a less profane `` In the Loop . ''
A charming , slice of life , low-key rom-com .
Hallstrom , the old softie , ca n't resist turning this into an inspirational tale , a freshwater Field of Dreams .
McGregor and Blunt have charm to spare and the no-bull instinct to cut to the heart of a scene . In the Dead Sea of Hollywood formula , their film is a distinct delight , brimming over with spirit and surprise .
There 's a great romantic comedy in this material , somewhere , which is too bad , because the movie that did get made is decent if a bit bland .
The science - and the politics - may be dodgy , but director Lasse Hallström crafts a witty , richly textured modern fairy tale that 's an irresistible lure .
-LSB- Even -RSB- the characters in Salmon Fishing in the Yemen recognize the inanity of the film 's premise .
There 's not much resonance , which is a shame because the film has a thoroughly engaging premise and the actors are charming .
Salmon Fishing quickly turns into exactly the sort of wet cardboard box of a movie its title suggests .
This perhaps sounds like a hilarious movie . So it could be , in the hands of the masters of classic British comedy .
Though toothless as satire the movie is a light , elegant , even credible romantic comedy
-LSB- Salmon Fishing in the Yemen -RSB- takes us back to the sort of achingly civilized love story in which the only thing that really stands in the way of two people falling for each other is their own decorum
Emily Blunt and Ewan McGregor make an appealing duo in this offbeat romantic comedy which unfortunately changes midstream into something darker and far less engaging .
A quirky and thoroughly entertaining spiritual drama about the multiple meanings of faith .
It 's a spirited , eloquent film-delightfully offbeat , deliciously different and well worth investigating .
Only Kristin Scott Thomas channeling In the Loop 's Malcolm Tucker offers a spark ; the rest is simply hokum designed to land overly sentimental suckers hook , line and sinker .
-LSB- It -RSB- is n't such a shriveled runt you 'd throw it back , but a little more attention in the direction and adaptation could have helped it feel a little more developed and fleshed-out than it is .
Mostly sacrifices the political satire and epistolary structure of Paul Torday 's source novel in favor of cute , if strained , rom-com shenanigans .
Call me a sentimentalist , but I enjoyed myself - even during the scenes when there was a lot of talk about fish .
The first pure delight of 2012 .
With most of the book 's major themes gutted , it begs the question : Who wants to see a film about salmon fishing in the Yemen ?
Fly fishing is offered as a path to peace in rom-com whose ample charms are threatened by unnecessary buzz-kills .
Oddly enough , in much the same way that a master chef excels in miraculously transforming a soggy fish into a tasty dinner special , the director somehow magically spins a euphoric , emotionally convincing tale from an exceedingly eccentric premise or two .
Even when it evinces spasms of life , this film is , more or less , a dead fish .
The film has a grand cast , with Emily Blunt , Ewan McGregor , Kristin Scott Thomas and Amr Waked at the center of this very clever tale of modern eco-issues intertwined with old-style political intrigues and New Age romance .
An almost prototypical dramedy from Lasse Hallström ...
Trying to get audiences to root for whether fish will swim upstream is often an easier task than getting them to care about whether the two leads will hook up .



@highlight

Quirky and a little reserved , Salmon Fishing in the Yemen is nonetheless a charming little romantic drama sold by some strong central performances .