Eclipse is a movie about rejecting adulthood , not just as a person but also as a culture . It 's about never crossing boundaries , never leaving home .
... Eclipse seems to move along in a lethargy of vampire coldness and adolescent superficiality . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Twilight : Eclipse is meticulously , strenuously boring .
I 'm many decades older and several broken hearts ' worth more cynical than the Twilight saga 's target audience , but it does seem to me to be nothing less than emo-porn for teenage girls .
Whenever I did start to really enjoy Eclipse , the score killed it stone dead .
This third `` Twilight '' film eclipses its predecessors but its anti-climactic story and its melodramatic tendencies still hold it back . ''
Edward is cold and controlling : the archetype of an abusive partner and Jacob just acts like a rapist in training , he keeps trying to kiss Bella against her will .
-LSB- For -RSB- `` Eclipse , '' it was easy to go through the list of old complaints and check them off one by one as the film progressed , including a story that leads absolutely nowhere .
Like Bella , non-fans have a choice , and making a choice to stay away may save one some bewilderment .
This may be Slade 's film but it 's Summit 's franchise , so any individuality he might wish to imbue in Eclipse comes a distant second to the needs of the series at large .
It is not exactly praise to call ` Eclipse ' the best film in ` The Twilight Saga ' to date .
Meyer 's teen bore-triangle has a mimetic quality , assuming the same degree of naval gazing self-interest as the target demographic .
Eclipse 's adolescent roots continue to shine through but for once they 're made to work in the film 's favor rather than against it . It 's competent and only rarely silly and considering the hole the series has been in that 's quite a feat .
Perhaps the most watchable entry in the Twilight series so far , it 's still saddled with the most cipher-like heroine of all time .
Certainly not awful , but the producer 's dedication to Stephenie Meyer 's drawn-out story creates a lumbering third movie that borderlines on downright dull .
It 's interesting to see each film make Bella into an even bigger creep than previously imagined , with Eclipse turning the indecisive heroine into a mean-spirited provocateur unworthy of all the attention lavished on her .
... at least director David Slade pulls the film from the doldrums of the second film and sends the fur flying across the lush Pacific Northwest backdrops in the climax .
` Well , I am hotter than you . ' This supposed reference to body temperature , uttered by werehunk Jacob to sparkly vampire Edward , is not just the funniest line in the film but a nice distillation of the tension that now drives the series .
Eclipse surprises with -LRB- much needed -RRB- improvement ; the first real blockbuster of the franchise .
If the producers of Twilight were given permission to remake Casper ... they 'd probably have his ghostly apparition dress in some three-quarter jean-shorts , just to keep his modesty intact . Somebody has to think of the children , right
La tercera parte en una saga exclusivamente para fans , debido a que , hay que decirlo , las actuaciones simplemente son medianas . Una cinta que se deja ver al menos en video .
Glavni sastojci formule su ostali isti - antipatični likovi , isprazne replike i klieji . Prilično naporno iskustvo .
What began as an enjoyably perverse fable of teen romance and chastity has dwindled , by this third instalment , into a sorry , soppy saga .
More action , more characters , a tad more humor and some interesting backstories help but do nothing to improve upon the series ' fatal flaws .
Slade manages to pile on enough excitement , character development and believable emotion on top of it to deliver a far improved product compared to the first two films .
Eclipse reinvigorates the Twilight saga , giving the fans what they want as well as being good enough to keep casual viewers interested .
Manages to transcend the soapiness of its predecessors and work quite well as an engaging story about sacrifice , romance and , interestingly , the inner conflicts of the undead .
Continues the mopey saga of sparkly vampires , shirtless werewolves and a heroine so cloyingly vapid she makes Carrie Bradshaw seem generous and self-aware .
Was two hours ' worth of such repetitive and overheated emotional triangulation really necessary -- even for the demographic that 'll be breathing hard over every frame ?
The Twilight Saga : Eclipse , the third outing in the supernatural saga of high romance and higher camp , finally shows its fangs with a dazzling display of imagery to go along with a hurried sense of danger .
The film is a swirl of raging hormones , bitter jealousies and the aching grip of feelings that have yet to be physically consummated .
As a phenomenon , Twilight still takes some beating , but in the end Eclipse , while certainly servicing the fans , should perhaps have given them more than a stop-gap until next-year 's two-part finale .
There 's a new director this time -LRB- David Slade -RRB- , to little avail .
brings a smoother , more confident style and tone that balances the romance and the violence in a way that gives the film more weight .
It is a surprise to discover that the same territory here provides some serious entertainment .
A solid and frequently enjoyable film .
Everything that could and should be elaborated at length to make for a convincing or even just passably trashy love story is glossed over here just as much as in the last two Twilight movies .
Tepid Story Clouds Eclipse .
Eclipse is an unfortunate entry in a franchise that , while certainly flawed , had at least built up some dramatic momentum over the course of its first two installments .
Slightly better ... but still sucky .
The good news is that the mood is a little lighter than in New Moon , which was full of teenage angst and suicide attempts . Edward and Bella even get to smile now and again and there 's the occasional funny line .
It 's a definite step up from New Moon and might even leave the harshest critics just a teeny bit excited about what 's in store come the two-part Breaking Dawn ... The countdown to November 2011 begins ...
More pouting , mumbling and gazing into the distance , mainly . But hey . NOBODY does it better than these guys .
All three actors are comfortable with their characters , and Slade finds the right balance of action and romance ; the story feels organic . Some of the dialogue is earnest and silly , but the core strength of the Stephenie Meyer novels is here : the battle be
`` All I want is your protection , '' he says to Bella , firmly removing her hand from inside his shirt . `` I 'll protect you no matter what . '' Edward Cullen : the human condom .
Not as good as Twilight , not as bad as New Moon , Eclipse is decent teen cinema that will thrill fans and mollify their accompaniers . Ca n't wait for the caesarean-by - teeth in the next one ...
The franchise has finally produced a movie that all will be able to enjoy -- even hard-done-by boyfriends who 've been dragged kicking and screaming to see it .
It 's a nice mix of comedy and action , especially with the running gag of Jacob appearing shirtless early and often so Jacob fanatics can howl about his hot abs .
Certainly the Twilight film in which the most violence happens , which gives it the illusion of having the most incident .
The supernatural reduced to an uninteresting teen love triangle about a girl essentially making a choice between necrophilia and bestiality .
It 's efficiently made , with a few moments of energy and levity , but everyone really needs to lighten up .
Eclipse is n't afraid to poke fun at itself and there 's a fair amount of self-referential humour in the film , something that was painfully absent from Twilight and New Moon .
The biggest problem remains the characters : neither Slade nor Stewart are capable of turning manipulative whinger Bella into anything more than a joyless black hole sucking the life from every scene .
By far the best Twilight film to date , Slade should satisfy the fan base while opening up the series to more sceptical viewers ...
The third in the Twilight series of films may be the best so far , but I still wonder if this series will ever amount to anything besides box office gold .
` If I 'm going to marry someone who 's dead , at least he should have a job , ' says Bella . ` Although , ' Bella 's friend reminded her , ` who would n't prefer a dead boyfriend to one you wish was dead ? '
If you belong to a Jacob vs. Edward blog , or have a Twilight poster hanging over your bed , this is your movie .
As craptacular as the previous two installments , though at least there are times when the performers seem self-aware enough to be on the verge of sending up the material
It all comes majestically together in this the third of an enigmatic , other worldly love marathon that milks all its romantic possibilities to the full
The broodingest franchise on Earth continues with a pretty fascinating action-adventure that is the best of the three films
` Eclipse ' is the best ` Twilight ' has to offer . While I never see greatness coming from these films , this one is pretty good .
A little levity , self-awareness , and long-overdue back stories make the latest Twilight installment not only watchable but -LRB- dare I say it ? -RRB- actually enjoyable .
David Slade infuses this third entry with the kind of visceral set-pieces , knowing humour and more measured melodrama that the saga has been sorely lacking .
... one of the most satisfying big-budget extravaganzas to come around in quite some time .
A compelling enough sequel certain to enthrall the target demographic apt to agree that it 's a big improvement over Twilight 2 , though not nearly as enchanting as the original .
Saved from erratic pacing and mawkishness by backhanded wit and a can-do supporting cast , will Eclipse win over the non-Twihard like New Moon could have ? No , but it 's a nice place holder until the last film comes along .
Still bad , but just maybe , mildly less bad than the previous two .
... core fans will go see this movie regardless of what critics , or any other rational human beings , tend to think of this color-graded , celluloid turkey .
For the non-fan moviegoer , a true blood transfusion may have helped this slightly anemic soap opera .
The Twilight Saga : Eclipse is n't the best of three , but neither is it the worst . ... Obviously , we 're not talking about quality to match the Toy Story trilogy , but neither are we plumbing the Police Academy or Friday the 13th depths .
Eclipse is ... over-stuffed with characters and story lines and like the proverbial hoarder the series keeps adding new stuff without letting anything go .
Overly dramatic but balanced with humor and action , it is a perfect fir for its devoted fans .
-LSB- T -RSB- hose who argue that it 's ` better than the first two ' are simply admitting how awful those movies were .
124 minutes of listening to teenagers melodramatically espouse the depth of their convoluted passions for each other makes for a pretty dire trip to the movies .
True , Eclipse is at times ridiculously cheesy , but it 's well made -LRB- apart from the odd dodgy CGI wolf -RRB- and there are knowing -- and humorous winks to the film 's penchant for over-egged melodrama .
When it comes to the things this brand is famous for -- angsty canoodling , ethereal rocking out , truckloads of male beauty , Duran Duran-style make-up and culturally savvy jokes -- Eclipse actually goes one better than the last offering .
I enjoyed Eclipse about as much as someone outside the target audience can , but that still is n't enough to merit an outright recommendation .
It 's easy to knock the Twilightfilms , with their taste for cheesy special effects and teenage hyper-ventilation , but the feelings that course through them are honest enough -- just your average old-fashioned romantic-masochistic teen-dream rapture .
Better than the first two instalments , but not likely to endear itself to detractors , Eclipse is all about the trashy topless wolves , dreamy abstinent vampires and doomy teenaged longing , with Hard Candy director David Slade making the most of a marginall
Fans will be pleased with what Slade and co have come up with , everyone else will continue to wonder what all the fuss is about .
May I suggest that the only way to enjoy the Twilight films is with the Rifftrax .
More than ever % u2014 and all for the love of sullen high school senior Bella Swan % u2014 it 's teen wolf vs. teen vampire .
`` Eclipse '' is n't awful but , like its two predecessors , it is a largely listless , apathetic affair .
There 's a narrative of sorts , but it stands squarely behind the flat conversing and posturing of the washboard abs-blessed Jacob , moody Edward and humorless Bella .
Poorly-acted , bland , overlong and thrill-less . It insults your intelligence from start to finish .
The third in the teenage-girl-vampire-werewolf love trilogy series is full of story parallels that make the central decision by Bella a very strong core for the film , despite some more corny dialogue .
For the Twihard fans , Eclipse should thrill and excite to no end ; for the rest of the world , it stands as the best of the three in the saga .
Not as deathly dull as Twilight or as screamingly dull as New Moon , Eclipse is merely dull .
In a universe where almost all CGI-laden , blood-spilling tentpole movies are aimed at ensnaring the teenage male , there 's something to be said for a series of films aimed squarely -- and successfully -- at teenage girls .
I ca n't pretend that the third episode instilled a fever in my blood , but it did n't leave me cold . For the first time in the series I felt I 'd seen a real movie .
it 's still the equivalent of emotional pornography for teenagers . But there is a neat vampire society story that creeps in there , and I liked that part .
My inner adolescent craves a role model who 's got more going for her than a melodramatic crush .
-LSB- T -RSB- he makers of the latest Twilight flick rest serene and calm - confident that their audience will take what it wants from the film , whether or not there is anything much up on the screen .
Eclipse breaks the mold at the hands of a craftsman . It becomes something new , something oddly watchable , at times enjoyable and surprisingly unlike what has come before .
This film will not disappoint Twihards and will have everyone bummed that Breaking Dawn is a year and half away .
Eclipse almost fully redeems this franchise . It finally brings some bite to these vampy cats and wolf cubs . It actually looks and sounds like a real movie and not some student film with a blind cinematographer . I still HATE Bella and Edward .
It 's not as good as the first film but it 's better than the second film . Make of that as you will .
Tighter , scarier ; this is the best of the Twilight films . Which is a lot like saying that getting punched is better than being stabbed .
Slade has done an excellent job tapping into what Twilight fans want , regardless of how shamelessly their buttons are pushed .
It 's that lack of chemistry and conviction and anything that might resemble charisma which makes you truly notice the fact that this film is 130 brutal , unnecessary minutes long .
This franchise was n't made for critics . Team Edward or Team Jacob ? If you do n't have an answer to that question , then who really cares what you think anyway ?
Girl , just pick the werewolf now so we can all go home .
Third Twilight movie has more drama , violence .
The supernatural stuff is just so much filigree on the story of a girl , her boyfriend and the guy who ca n't take no for an answer .
Não é possível que , no fim das contas , toda a série realmente gire em torno do romance entediante de um `` vampiro '' machista e sua ninfeta suicida .
Appetite here is more for skin than blood , with Cullen and Black stifling their competing libidos for the time being . While trophy teen Bella and her whining codependency issues , trifles with rival vampire and werewolf boy toy objects of postponed desire .
But to say that `` Eclipse '' is the best of the three `` Twilight '' films is like saying frogs were the best of the plagues God visited upon Egypt in the Old Testament .
Fans will certainly not be disappointed .
By keeping it simple and staging chaste romantic tensions against scenic backdrops , Eclipse probably gives the fans what they want . I think they deserve a little more .
I like seeing Edward frustrated by Bella 's individuality . He ca n't control her and make her do what he wants . This ` perfect ' love is actually totally incompatible .
The core problems with the Twilight films are still very much present in this new instalment including the plodding pace , the trite dialogue and the very regressive subtext .
I left the cinema feeling as though I deserved a t-shirt that read ` I survived the Eclipse '
At one point , the werewolf Jacob notes that Robert Pattinson 's Edward is n't even alive . It 's easy to mistake the line for a commentary on Pattinson 's lifeless acting .
Director David Slade ably takes over ... demonstrating his own take on the key elements of the story , adolescent longing and primal physical confrontations .
A drama about complex matters of the heart and chivalry with Edward the vampire exemplifying a knight 's bravery , courtesy , honor , and skill at arms .
In a rare moment of insight , the teenage but immortal vampires in The Twilight Saga : Eclipse complain about being `` frozen '' in their lives , unable to `` move forward . '' So is everyone involved in this deathtrap of a franchise .
As long as these movies remain about three petulant whiners staring at each other to little effect , no rousing action sequences are going to save them from their torpor .
Hold on tight , spider monkey . With its third installment , the Twilight series has reached dangerously close to competence .
Step aside , you creepy cougars : Finally , there 's a Twilight suitable even for normal grown-ups .
By punctuating Bella 's hand-wringing histrionics with moments of comic relief , Slade strikes a pleasing balance that future ` Twilight ' directors might well find instructive .
Saying that the third film in a series with two pretty weak prior entries is the best of the bunch may be faint praise , but that happens to be the case with Eclipse .
As always , the biggest screams emanating from the audience come when Lautner bares his chest .
The supposedly epic battle the entire film builds toward -- the single action set-piece -- is a ho-hummer . Fire and ice , turns out , was an oversell : Think tepid tap water instead .
Increasingly picturesque photography , amped-up action , borrowed poetry , and age-old romance have The Twilight Saga on its surest footing yet -- that is , until the youngsters grow up and realize True Blood tells the same story so much better .
The choice of whether to see Eclipse is n't really a question of whether the movie is good or bad . It 's a question of whether or not the movie speaks to your secret , unregulated , inherently ridiculous experience of identification and desire .
A brutal watch until the supernatural battle scene .
The intensity is sustained and passionate . It 's the glue that holds the glop together .
David Slade goes for more of everything : action , violence and unrequited sexual tension .
You get the sense that Jacob and Edward would have preferred enacting their fave moments from `` Brokeback Mountain '' if only Bella had been shacked up elsewhere . But she is n't , Blanche !
There 's no middle ground with the Twilight saga : You either surrender to Stephenie Meyer 's swoony tale of forbidden love , squeaky-clean teen style , or you just do n't get it .
No sex before marriage makes vampirism totally unsexy in this riskless , casualty-free confrontation
Director David Slade keeps the action brisk and the time-killing attractive ... All of which should be like a freshly opened vein for fans .
While the new Eclipse remains foremost a flick for devotees , it has sturdier pleasures and takes on its emotional ambitions with renewed dedication .
Now that we 've hit the third picture in the franchise , it 's clear the studio behind it , Summit , actually prefers that the movies be programmed and predictable .
Kristin Stewart , an actress who shows amazing range and ability when not playing Bella , continues to do her best imitation of a cardboard cutout here .
The third chapter in Bella Swan 's via dolorosa is still pretty much of a drag for anyone not affiliated with Teams Edward and Jacob , but it certainly eclipses the dead-on-arrival dud that was New Moon .
Though there are fewer dead-air gaps between words -LRB- gaps that in New Moon you could drive a truck through and still have time to file a nail -RRB- , it still cries out for a transfusion .
This is definitely the worst installment of the franchise to date .
Eclipse is the least laughable installment yet in the series , and director David Slade efficiently delivers the fan service that Twihards require .
Eclipse is still bogged down by the poor plotting , slow pacing and sub-par acting that has , sadly , marred the film series all along .
Calling Eclipse the best of the three Twilight films so far is certainly fair , but it edges into ` world 's tallest midget ' territory .
Eclipse -- the third in the Twilight series -- is more than just corny . Eclipse is boring . It 's exceedingly boring .
The Twilight saga depends on Bella not deciding , not resolving , and above all , not moving on .
The most troublesome blow is the archaic message of a girl who will abandon everything for a boy - friends , mother , father and even her soul . This is a character whose only identity is her boyfriend ; Bella Swan sets women in film back fifty years .
Despite its horror movie premise , the Twilight series has become an ADHD sedative .
The first two movies were mediocre , but `` Eclipse '' represents one of the more astonishing upgrades in movie franchise history .
Although Eclipse is n't a great film on its own , it 's pretty much the Twilight movie fans have been waiting for .
The Twilight Saga : Eclipse is like two lovers looking in each other 's eyes and murmuring things meaningful to only them . Anyone not in the embrace is unlikely to understand , or care , what is being said .
It appears to have embraced its own sense of camp and is consistently funny in an intentional way . For the first time , I found myself curious to see what comes next .
While it may seem like arguing gradients of garbage , The Twilight Saga : Eclipse is closest movie so far to finding whatever potential lies inside Stephenie Meyer 's otherwise trite terror romance .
If New Moon had no story to speak of , Eclipse almost has too much . It 's a much better problem to have .
The Twilight Saga : Eclipse dispenses with much of the caramel gooeyness of the first two episodes in favor of decent action , some heartfelt tender moments and even a splash of wit . This time they 're actually Twi-ing .
Twilight Saga : Eclipse is by far the best of the bestselling Stephenie Meyer novels-turned-movie . Keep in mind , West Nile Virus is similarly the `` best '' mosquito-borne illness and Portland , Oregon is the `` best '' city to be homeless .
It is not the technology , stunning locations or editing techniques that we remember , it is the tantalising relationships and the romantic notion of following tradition , promising eternal love and protecting the soul that affects us where it matters most
`` Eclipse '' is a vast improvement over the first two movies . The pacing is quicker , and more movement is evident .
The movie is about a girl 's primal dream of being desired . That may well be corny , but it 's also an essential antidote to summer-movie hardware .
Having imposed something like narrative clarity on the story , new director David Slade is still stuck with the story .
With more action and humor than either of its predecessors , ` Eclipse ' is the best ` Twilight ' flick thus far . But that does n't mean it 's good .
Poor acting , lousy special effects and theatrics better suited for an Afterschool Special . Yup , Twilight is back .
Everybody wakes up from a brooding-induced slumber to liven it up ! I think Edward even smiled !
The Twilight Saga : Eclipse is superior to its two predecessors in every possible way . The mythology finally feels comfortable in its own skin , aware of both its strengths and limitations , and appears to be striding confidently into the future .
Darker , grittier , and a tad more thought-provoking than the previous installments , Eclipse is certainly tops among the first three even as , storywise , the characters are more or less in the same place by the end that they were in the beginning .
Much like the `` Harry Potter '' series , the gap widens considerably between the readers and non-readers with a noticeable effect on the enjoyment factor and entertainment value . The faithful fans familiar with the characters have a. . .
Since `` Eclipse '' is showing in IMAX , it 'll be kibble for fans wanting to experience the sensation of climbing up Lautner 's nose or burrowing deeply into Pattinson 's pores .
An endless conversation about an immature , moody , generally unlikable , teenage girl 's feelings . Please Bella , grow up .
The last half hour or so has actual weight and meaning , the violent tendencies of these supernatural creatures in full ferocious display for the very first time in any of the three adventures .
Unlike the barely living dioramas that were the dreadful `` Twilight '' and the virtually unspeakable `` New Moon , '' it is slightly more lively and energetic and is n't nearly as much of a chore to sit through .
If you want to see a truly gripping movie about young love and vampires , skip this and rent Let the Right One In instead .
It 's not my cup of Earl Grey , but the fans cheered long and hard at the end of my recent preview . For that , I give it a 5 out of 10 . -LRB- Parental Review also Available -RRB-
Viewers who value the little things , such as passable acting and dialogue not stolen from a sixth-grader 's diary , will once again walk away dazed , dumbfounded and partially deaf from all the surrounding squealing .
There 's no excuse for Stephenie Meyer 's terrible writing . And now her mind-numbing logorrhea has overwhelmed whatever salvage operation the big screen can offer .
The volatile love triangle is amped-up and edgier . Expect a lot more bite !
It 's still has the angst-filled melodrama that made the others so insufferable , and its attempts to be funny come off as cutesy and forced . Worse still , it 's boring for long stretches .
If the movies keep improving like this , the people who automatically hate them just because they 're popular with teenage girls will be forced to reconsider .
If Slade does n't necessarily advance the medium with this installment , he nonetheless advances the franchise , with enough lucidity and skill that he 's persuaded at least one erstwhile agnostic to take a stand .
Slade has encouraged the actors to see the humor in the film 's goofy love triangle .
Anyone walking into Eclipse without seeing the previous two movies would be genuinely perplexed ; behavior that barely makes sense when you know the story becomes truly nutty without context .
It 's stagnant to the degree that screenwriter Melissa Rosenberg pads out the narrative with no fewer than three narrated costume-drama flashbacks .
Slade shapes the tale 's characterization and narrative with a sure hand , pausing to fill in the back stories of several vampires . The asides do n't feel digressive , but add depth and scope to the story .
Less involving -- at least for this non-tween-girl -- is the love triangle that , for all its plaintive yearning after three movies , still never feels like it 's scratched the frequently shirtless surface .
Melissa Rosenberg 's screenplay -LRB- like her scripts for the first two installments -RRB- is faithful enough to Meyer 's soap-operatic inclinations , but I kind of wish she were n't . I kind of wish Bella were n't such an indecisive wuss about her feelings .
With roughly 20 minutes of its two-hour running time devoted to characters doing something besides alternately moping and declaring their eternal love for each other , Eclipse stands as the most action-packed entry yet .
In director David Slade 's hands , the story plays like two movies in one , neither being particularly well made , whether it 's the would-be action horror of a brewing vampire-on-werewolf fight or the endlessly talky Bella-Edward torpor .
Finally allows those of us unfamiliar with the books by Stephenie Meyer to understand why the saga of the vampire , the wolf , and the sullen girl in the middle has become an international phenomenon .
Slade ca n't completely overcome the mistakes from the first two films , such as the fake-looking werewolf computer graphics or the bland miscasting of Dakota Fanning as the head Volturi .
Eclipse has a lot to be proud of , including much better performances from Robert Pattinson and Taylor Lautner , but there still are a few problems with the series .
`` Eclipse , '' with its dual push/pull story lines , spicier love triangle and more plentiful and violent action scenes gives the series a needed jolt .
The good news is that this third installment ... is the best yet . The bad is that 's not saying much .
Has its cheesecake and eats it , too . It 's heavy on topless shots of barely legal Taylor Lautner , but now Pattinson grumbles , `` Does n't he own a shirt ? ''
The Twilight Saga : Eclipse is just one more walk on the mild sides for tweens who dream of being penetrated by cold flesh that will keep them young and cute forever .
click to read the full review at Movies for the Masses
If this were an interesting film , the struggle would be between the pull of religious fundamentalism and -LRB- gasp ! -RRB- miscegenation .
Unless the sight of Stewart kissing Pattinson -LRB- and , later , Lautner -RRB- is enough to send you into convulsions of joy , there are n't any thrills or surprises in this movie .
This film should come with a phone cord to twirl around your finger as you engage in eternal dating gossip .
The new , more assertive Bella Swan is the most welcome addition to the Twilight Saga -- that , and the sly humor Rosenberg 's snuck into Eclipse .
It is certainly not asking too much of Slade to behead people , and he ups the Twilight action factor significantly in Eclipse . There are welcome outbursts of gratuitous violence , building to a large battle among various vampire and werewolf hordes .
Predictable fluff .
About as bad as it gets
No question , this is the most successful entry so far , and that 's high praise , considering the first two films were comatose in comparison .
never gels into something that is as massively important as it thinks it is , and there is nothing as compelling as those veins popping out of Lautner 's biceps
A more robustly entertaining film than either of its predecessors .
Probably the best in the series , and a definite rebound from the bland second one . It will make its intended audience swoon .
The kiss of the vampire is cooler , the werewolf is hotter , the battles are bigger and the choices are , as everyone with a pulse -LRB- and a few without -RRB- knows by now , life-changing .
The first Twilight film that works at all on its own , giving us better characters , tense action sequences , and a wry acknowledgement that , yes , this is maybe all a little bit silly .
This is what passes for romance in the early 21st century : a sexless , passionless tug-of-war among children ...
When you see love represented on film in such an authentic and genuine manner it 's easy to find yourself in a forgiving mood .
Slade skips the stultifying slow-motion fantasy sequences that so weighed down New Moon in favor of a well-paced blend of action and introspection .
I am just as shocked as you are that there is a fresh tomato next to my review right now . Slade delivers a fun film that is completely self-aware and full of intensity .
The film 's arsenal of action and emotion makes Eclipse the best Twilight movie yet .
Why the bloodsucker and the wolf boy treat Bella as if she 's the cat 's meow is still a mystery .
Eclipse suffers from an excess of characters and dialogue and a shortage of real plot changes , even with Hard Candy 's sharp-eyed David Slade at the helm .
What elevates Eclipse above the previous Twilight films is that it does n't take itself so seriously , and Slade does n't allow his stars to .
Do not fret , unwilling patrons dragged along to a viewing , the movie is actually quite entertaining in its own right .
These movies are more about the experience of hearing girls and women who should know better holler at the screen . They could just as well be at a concert .
Easily the least compelling , least fun entry in the saga thus far .
If you adore Meyer 's characters already , you 'll be thrilled to spend more time with them . If you do n't , well , you 'd just end up sitting among a bunch of sighing teens -LRB- and their moms -RRB- , wondering what the fuss is about .
The stars remain a boring threesome , Stewart limping through supposedly impassioned speeches as though Bella already were one of the cold-blooded undead .
This is the first Twilight film that feels like a real movie in its own right , not just a spin-off from a mass literary cult .
Eclipse , like its two predecessors , is ham-fisted and obvious , a mass-market entertainment with a frustrating lack of imagination , anemic plotting -LRB- how were those novels so fat ? -RRB- and no aspirations toward anything greater than box office ka-ching .
Eclipse is a convincing piece of entertainment that demonstrates this franchise is starting to realize its full potential .
More happens in Eclipse than in the previous Twilight zone , New Moon , and yet it 's duller .
The Twilight Saga comes close to that sweet spot between swooning silliness and special effects slaughter with Eclipse , the third film in the series .
This third go-round wo n't make Twihard converts of the rest of us .
For most of its languorous running time , it listens to conversations between Bella and Edward , Bella and Jacob , Edward and Jacob , and Edward and Bella and Jacob . This would play better if any of them were clever conversationalists .
Bella Swan , you two-timing Tessie ! Must every great love story take the shape of a triangle ? Could n't we get a rectangle or a trapezoid ?
Eclipse 's balance of PG-13 romance and bone-crunching action will satisfy Twi-Hards and appeal to supernatural romantics who have n't completely converted to TV 's True Blood .
With each addition to the Twilight series , it becomes clearer that one movie condensing all four Stephenie Meyers books would be the most painless way to tell this repetitive story . Kind of like snatching off a Band-Aid , rather than tugging it slowly .
The best film in the series , though that 's the equivalent of declaring Moe to be the sharpest Stooge .
The series ' best movie . Bella at last has internal conflict , and Stewart is up to the challenge . This is the movie where she and Pattinson become movie stars .
When the face of ultimate evil is represented by the bland visage of Dakota Fanning , something has gone terribly wrong .
Not that it matters but it was horrible . Zsa Zsa Gabor wigs , 99 % u023C Store makeup , and overall lousy filmmaking . Disney vampires without teeth or lust % u2013 is this really what pre-teens want ?
` Eclipse ' has a little more , uh , meat than the previous offerings in the ` Twilight ' series .
Eclipse basically treads a whole bunch of the same ground we went over in the last terrible movie , except this time Jacob keeps coming across like a rapist in training .
The latest installment of the Twilight franchise 's teeny-bopper-vampire-werewolf-melodrama comes the closest so far to presenting an entertaining cinematic experience but still not close enough for uninitiated audiences .
Forget romantic thriller ; this is an abstinence thriller .
Wooden dialogue echoes across beautiful British Columbia .
The teen vampire series finally hits its stride with an entertaining mix of romance and action fantasy .
The pleasant surprise this time around is that the result finally feels more like the blockbuster this top-earning franchise deserves .
With stronger plot and less mood and attitude , Eclipse , the third chapter in the Twilight franchise , is one notch above the previous chapter , New Moon , but is it enough ?




@highlight

Stuffed with characters and overly reliant on uninspired dialogue , Eclipse wo n't win The Twilight Saga many new converts , despite an improved blend of romance and action fantasy .