Among the many mind-bogglingly implausible fantasies Fifty Shades of Grey sells , the one I think that most accounts for its popularity is the promise that shame of sexual sin can be alleviated by surrendering to it more fully .
I 'm really worried about the fact that some people -LRB- especially girls -RRB- regard Mr. Grey as an object of desire , as some sort of ideal man . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The second half of the film devolves into something that resembles tedious , melodramatic daytime TV .
Grey is not a character , but a cluster of clichés ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's superficial , it 's manipulative , it 's off-putting and embarrassing . But there 's no denying that this says something about the moment in which the book was published and the movie released .
The script is abysmally bad , filled with Shakespearean dialogue such as `` I wo n't touch you until I have your written consent '' , and `` I do n't make love , I f *** ... HARD ''
Dakota Johnson shines in this clunky , boring and domesticated sex ruse . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
There is an awful lot of rose-tinted nostalgia here for a time when women sat passively while powerful men threw wealth at them , but the interesting difference here is that the power dynamic between Red Riding Hood and the Wolf shifts .
Shortage of exotic shenanigans apart , artist-turned-director Sam Taylor-Johnson has delivered a decently acted and technically well-made adaptation of what remains a fundamentally silly and , at times , simply rather unpleasant story .
I 've seen way worse movies aimed at men and boys , so I think everyone can chill out about a mediocre movie aimed at women .
It may not be your conventional Valentine 's Day date movie , but it looks set to give audiences more pleasure than pain .
The retention of the style of the book and its settings merges with a cinematic story more focused on buildup than execution .
The film 's a hell of a ride , often a fun and thought-provoking one , even though it 's all such camp .
In the run-up to -LSB- Fifty Shades of Grey -RSB- 's opening , I was surprised at the promotional efforts of NBC 's `` Today '' show in the daily banter of the hosts and beyond .
Fifty Shades of Grey is so much smarter than its source material , but smarter in this case does n't mean better . Not where it counts , at least .
Alas , I was a reluctant Dominant because the movie itself is such a mousey , uninvolving little thing that somebody had to step up .
The most anticipated release of the year is not much more than a spanking great bore .
Then the lights went down , and guess what ? Fifty Shades of Grey turned out to be not just entertaining-at least until the clunky , exasperating final minute-but it also knows exactly what it 's doing .
Not as dirty as we were led to believe by the ads .
Girls memorize the lines ! But it 's not a ` Rocky Horror ' type cultural event ; it 's a lukewarm soft-core-porn soap opera-basically ` Pretty Woman ' with spanking .
I wish it had either been much better or much worse .
In the lacking of an engaging subjectivity , the narrative of sexual awakening falls flat .
While the film is arguably no better or worse than its literary source , it does shatter the fantasies of sexual desire and sexual pleasure constructed within the novel .
A guilty , if not particularly memorable , pleasure .
Funny -LRB- often intentionally ! -RRB- , ferociously unsexy , and roundly entertaining from beginning to end .
It 's a warped , disturbingly abusive adult fairy tale from start to finish .
Certainly there is an audience out there for this kind of story , and with any luck neither you nor I will ever have to interact with it .
This is a wannabe tragedy -LRB- with whips -RRB- about the knightly failure to commit to the maiden 's romantic narrative .
Fifty Shades of Grey delivers , however ponderously , on its promise of pop transgressiveness .
Ultimately , Fifty Shades of Grey spends two hours describing a relationship that is bound to fail and does n't even seem all that fun while it 's occurring .
Fortunately the two leads have real chemistry . Dornan makes Christian less creepy and more angsty than on the page and Johnson brings a surprising depth to Anastasia . They also know how to play certain scenes for laughs , making the film come alive .
Let 's talk about Dakota Johnson ... she 's the perfect blend of innocence and confidence ; a stealthy heart-breaker who at first comes across as mousey and innocent , but suddenly and convincingly becomes confident and coquettish .
I was more aroused by the immaculate shine on Christian 's piano than anything in his boudoir of bondage : a set designer must have spent hours buffing those ivories .
Rather than anything to do with sexual connoisseurship or philosophy in the bedroom , all that comes across through Fifty Shades of Grey 's absence of erotic heat is a lust for the appurtenances of luxury , something that 's more commonplace than singular .
It 's cheap , misogynist , Z grade exploitation masquerading as the romance of a woman trying to tame the ultimate man , who by all accounts should be alone left to his own demented fantasies
It 's not overstating the case to say that Dakota Johnson achieves stardom with this role . She mines moments of humor that help offset the soul-searching and weeping , and she 's appealing without being impossibly beautiful .
This movie is a mess . It 's glacially slow , boasts a laughably clichéd soundtrack -- Beast Of Burden , anyone ? -- and is plainly a cash-grabbing set-up to promote a full trilogy .
Yes , there 's tons of nudity , but erotic ? No .
This alien quality is what makes Dornan so effective as Christian .
Fifty Shades of Grey is one of the landmark works of the new millenium , the novel that proved definitively Americans will suffer through anything for a few fleeting moments of titillation .
One day , it may become a bad movie/cult classic -- the kind of film that people go to laugh at , like Showgirls . But for now , it 's so boring it feels endless .
The film is about the best adaptation that could have been drawn from this rather dull source material -- at least until it slows to a crawl on the deathly serious and dull home stretch .
Unexpectedly delightful .
It was less terrible than I feared , but still fell well short of being good .
When Christian sweeps the demure Anastasia off her feet and into his world of penthouse-and-helicopter luxury and sadomasochistic sex , what lies in store is two hours-plus of glossy tedium .
There 's a really funny , sexy comedy here that might have been wonderful , were it not also stuck with being an adaptation of this loathsome novel .
Both actors are trapped by the rigid banality of their characters , and they fail to manufacture any chemistry -- without that heat , this is just a story about a contract negotiation .
When you take a close look at Fifty Shades of Grey , it becomes painfully clear that it 's basically a plethora of sex scenes strung together with a bare minimum of support .
It 's pretend bondage . Caffeine-free Diet BDSM .
It 's rare when a movie is better than a book , but in this case , only because this movie is better than its source material does n't mean it 's good .
If they added foreboding opening and closing monologues by David Duchovny , the whole thing could easily be mistaken for a long-lost episode of Red Shoe Diaries .
Johnson brings some wonder and vulnerability to her part , but even with a listenable soundtrack , the song that most comes to mind is Peggy Lee 's `` Is That All There Is ? ''
Grey may be crass and calculated , but Johnson saves it from being completely forgettable .
Without the baggage of having read the book , the synopsis or even the film 's Wikipedia page , Fifty Shades of Grey unspools as a surprisingly engaging story about sexual naivety , concepts of consent and , ultimately , power .
Actress Dakota Johnson brings humor , sensitivity and vulnerability to Anastasia , making her the clear breakout performance of Fifty Shades -LSB- of Grey -RSB- .
A monumentally boring motion picture .
Who would have thought , a Twilight ripoff actually being inferior to its already inferior inspiration .
... is n't nearly as terrible as E.L. James ' novel would make you expect . There 's perverted , like the sado-masochistic sex games played by tycoon Christian Grey , and then there 's perverse , like the pleasure of watching trash so glossily compacted .
Basically , they made a lousy , mid-2000s-era Katherine Heigl romance with a handful of explicit sex scenes spliced throughout the familiar clichés .
A syrupy softcore melodrama with perhaps too much dialogue .
My biggest grip with the film was that I did n't find the two leading characters all that interesting .
He 's a wealthy tycoon named Gray who takes a woman to her limits . I 'm talking , of course , about ' 9 1/2 Weeks . '
Perhaps it 's time for all of us to recognize that fantasies come in a great many more than 50 shades - and that they 're not real .
One suspects that Taylor-Johnson was never free even to push at the edges of sexual representation , and the film 's lack of explicit imagery and grit is one of its disappointments .
What emerges in Fifty Shades of Grey is perhaps the best finished product that could rise from the depths of a compromised starting point .
Taylor-Johnson has made a film that is both sexy and stylish .
I fault no one for whatever it is that gets their crank turning , but if this movie is working you need to take that thing out for a spin far more often .
It 's a bondage movie without much perversion , a love story without much passion , and ultimately , a film burdened with expectations it could never fulfill . It never quite hits as hard as you want it to .
I can only say that boredom set in early .
While there 's some meat to Dakota Johnson 's role of the ingenue , Jamie Dornan is given absolutely nothing to work with for most of the film .
In the end , Fifty Shades of Grey is n't so much terrible as it is timid and tame .
The much-hyped film adaptation , in which James was closely involved , sticks closely to the novel , but is both strengthened and weakened by what director Sam Taylor-Johnson and screenwriter Kelly Marcel decided to omit .
What is this thing called love ? That 's a question asked by Cole Porter . In ` Fifty Shades of Grey , ' the initially virginal heroine has a very different if not entirely unrelated query : ` What are butt plugs ? '
Oh ... my ... god .
Sam Taylor-Johnson 's movie adaptation gets so caught up in the intrigue and melodrama that it never really finds its groove . Even the film 's raw sex appeal is lacking , which just leaves a poorly plotted story and laughable dialogue .
... a lukewarm exercise in timidity that - if not exactly embarrassed by its subject matter - is extremely wary of diving too deeply into it .
`` Fifty Shades of Grey , '' which gingerly crosses over into the questionable subject mark , may not be the film some of the book 's readers were hoping to witness .
There is a very good chance that I will see nothing worse all year . I 'm pretty sure I will see nothing more brain-witheringly stupid and boring -- or less sexy .
The movie is simply a profitable pop culture movement with the only good thing coming out of it is Beyoncé 's remix of ` Crazy in Love . '
If this fanchise plans on being the `` Saw '' of Valentine 's Day , I hope the next installment does n't torture the audience so much .
This is a film that should have gone direct to Cinemax .
Fifty Shades the movie seems destined to inspire more eye-rolling than lip-biting , even if there 's no denying that its protagonist is better served by the film than the book .
Think of it as the `` Downton Abbey '' of bondage , designed neither to menace nor to offend but purely to cosset the fatigued imagination .
A wimpy , wounded billionaire sadist - correction `` dominant '' - with a cleanliness fetish and no friends stalks with gifts a passive-aggressive virgin .
It realizes this story is ridiculous in ways the book itself never could . It has an actual sense of humor .
It 's supposed to be a romance , but plays like a long , boring business meeting in which the naughtiest bits are raised not in the bedroom , but the boardroom , where contract negotiation stagger on over the proposed merger of his manacles to her wrists .
This adaptation of EL James 's BDSM potboiler struggles to make a spanking cinematic silk purse out of its notoriously tin-eared source .
A charm-free hero with control issues and a passive , fretful heroine have coy and tediously vanilla pretend-sex . This is meant to be erotic ?
Panders to Twilight 's housewives and teens demo using that story 's template , but with sex ! Kinky sex ! The sex is incredibly boring and the alleged `` romance '' between a naïve college student and her stalkerish zillionaire suitor is deeply troubling
As silly and , yes , sanctimonious as this adaptation is , it deserves mention as one of the first major studio releases in ages to promote sex over vigilante violence or superherodom ... And that , in a peculiar way , makes the film a refreshing departure .
A desultory dud , that swaps out -LSB- the novel 's -RSB- prolonged and explicit intercourse for tame -LRB- conceived as tasteful -RRB- inserts , padded out by the troubled relationship between a straw man and blow up virgin .
Beneath its curious surface , `` Fifty Shades of Grey '' is an uninformed and unrealistic `` romance '' set in the BDSM world that dangerously dramatizes sexual violence and glamorizes domestic abuse .
I expect most viewers would rather see the filmmakers take this franchise in a different direction . How about Fifty Shades of The Grey , with the two vapid protagonists forced to contend with Liam Neeson and a pack of ravenous wolves ?
Such silliness .
A monochromatic misfire featuring only one shade : blushing pink .
Frankly , after watching the film , I felt ambivalent . The film 's not exhausting , at least . It 's not quite fifty shades of dreck .
Perfectly capturing the tone of E.L. James ' sensational best-selling novel , this tale of control , sex and submission is tantalizing , titillating and provocative
Part of the appeal of the tawdry romance novel is that the visuals are left to the imagination for its legions of fans , whose expectations for steam and sizzle will inevitably be left unfulfilled here .
It 's an episode of Red Shoe Diaries with a major studio budget . It 's a Lifetime movie with insider art pretensions . A Harlequin romance with anal play .
It 's been said that the movie contains 20 minutes of sex ; if this is the case , it must contain at least 40 minutes of Ana biting her lip or putting a pencil in her mouth .
There 's no escape from the silly , pulpy predictability of Fifty Shades of Grey .
The best they can do for dirty talk sounds like ` wear the panties your mother laid out for you . '
Presumably the sequels will explore forbidden taboos like `` character development '' and `` plot . ''
A cynical , perfunctorily directed , guileless , sexless and artless re-tread of the novel - the worst kind of fan , and potential franchise , service .
A relatively chaste , arguably feminist interpretation of the BDSM fairy tale .
`` Fifty Shades of Grey '' has turned out to be more like 50 shades of blah .
The sex scenes merely serve as a basis for the real appeal of the film , that is , the shifting emotions and back-and-forth of `` who 's got the edge ? ''
-LSB- I -RSB- t promotes female `` empowerment '' within the safe culturally approved traditional female roles as submissive and as seeking a powerful Prince Charming to rescue them from `` ordinary '' lives .
Still not bad for being based on a book with a narrator who exclaims `` jeez '' while in the throes of orgasm and talks about her `` bottom '' like she 's a 4-year-old .
Who would have imagined that a movie about sex could be so boring ?
Anastasia Steele becomes a woman . Christian Grey ? Bimbo . It 's a gorgeous conceit , and I ca n't wait to read a raft of writing by smart female essayists about the film , and its cheeky subversion of its tin-eared source material .
Unfortunately for the Fifty Shades of Grey movie , a solid cast , good director and unique premise only help to expose the inherent weaknesses of the source novel .
Less interested in sexual power dynamics than in lassoing this guy into what the movie perceives as `` normalcy . ''
The film does n't culminate in anything . It 's a bunch of scenes that end before any kind of satisfying conclusion .
There really is n't enough meat here to cobble together a real movie , but you ca n't blame Taylor-Johnson for not trying . She somehow gives it all a movie-type sheen .
If soft core porn is your thing go for it but that 's about all you 'll get . Not a lot of grey matter used writing the script of Fifty Shades of Grey .
I guess what I found to be so surprising is how a movie about weird , erotic , passionate sex could wind up being so dull .
Were it not based on a massive best-seller , no one would have made such a thematically reprehensible movie . If you think rape is a turn-on , this is the film for you . Personally , I 'm perfectly happy not to be included in your ranks .
Attempts to capture the appeal of a classical Victorian romance - tragedy and all - but has neither the complexity nor the historical context necessary to live up to its ambition .
Thelanguage of 50 Shades is actually of the financial deal and the job interview , replete with the kind of counter-intuitive sloganeering we hear in advertisements . So much of what Christian Grey says is what money would say if it could talk .
Every line of dialogue is loaded . Loaded like a diaper .
An Ambien pill ... While a follow-up is likely , it 's a bit presumptuous , and if it 's anything like the first installment , it 's about as welcome as a splintered paddle .
What 's worse than the boring sex scenes , however , is the rest of the boring movie .
Bland and dull , except for the rare moments when it is unintentionally hilarious , all Fifty Shades has to teach the curious is that it does n't matter how many shades of grey you use , you will just end up with a drab , colorless blob .
Given the constraints and need to please its considerable fan-base , this sleek , fairly trim and occasionally sensual adaptation is the best imaginable outcome .
Lackluster take on best seller is way too graphic for kids .
It is unashamed tosh but at least director Sam Taylor-Johnson has fashioned it into tosh with a touch of class .
Like some mutant spawn of THE BACHELOR
Yawnography .
Neither a camp laughing stock nor a shocking study of sexual obsession , Fifty Shades Of Grey starts well but fumbles in the dark . See it for Dakota Johnson . For the rest , find your safe word .
Absolutely ludicrous , dramatically clumsy , fifty shades of wrong , but ... If audiences can cool their loins long enough , they may have a productive think about the nature of their desires ...
Sleek sets , sadomasochism , a few spankings and an overall blandness
... a passable adaptation that could -LRB- and should -RRB- have been much better ...
`` Grey '' has about as much steam as a day-old cup of Earl Grey . The sexual scenes are ordinary and fail to push the envelope ; they definitely do not arouse any viewer .
After all the hype , it 's impossible not to expect steam from this adaptation of E.L. James ' mommy-porn bestseller
In the annals of sexually-charged event cinema , `` Fifty Shades of Grey '' barely lights a candle let alone combusts with unbridled forbidden passion .
Fifty Shades of Grey may be the first film in history made specifically for the purposes of hate-watching .
To put it plainly , there 's nothing redeeming here - not the acting , writing , directing or even the , um , `` action '' scenes , during which you just feel bad for the characters , actors and everyone on the set who had to be a part of them .
Hopeless twaddle , but sleekly made and sometimes funny . An honorable effort , and better than it needed to be .
It 's a bland experience occasionally interrupted by bouts of nudity and related naughty bits . -LRB- Full Content Review -- Sex , Profanity , Violence , etc. -- for Parents also available -RRB-
Although Dakota Johnson and Jamie Dornan lack erotic chemistry , this fetishistic fantasy remains faithful to the provocative novel .
Will you sign the necessary paperwork to enjoy Fifty Shades of Grey ?
... had James been overruled more often Fifty Shades of Grey could have been something genuinely extraordinary : an adult blockbuster in every sense .
If this was written by Adam Sandler , groups of offended ladies would be outside theaters protesting with pitchforks and torches . Also , we would n't be laughing as much .
I never thought I 'd say this about a bigscreen adaptation of 50 Shades Of Grey , but it 's true : the damn thing 's just not trashy enough .
`` 50 Shades '' has its sexy moments , but never attempts to be romantic , and is n't ambitious enough to deliver romance and sex appeal simultaneously . ... Jamie Dornan is given the thankless task of playing a monotone misogynist .
Nobody sweats or pants or experiences onscreen ecstasy , which is presumably how a movie about violent sex manages to avoid an NC-17 rating , but the result feels like 50 shades of beige .
Is n't the stuff of bondage and discipline , sexual role play , silky blindfolds , and whips and floggers supposed to be , well , exciting ?
My mind screams Noooooooo ! This movie sucks and is offensive on so many different levels , but damn my lady parts ... Jamie Dornan 's abs beat me into submission . Every time I think about them any common sense I have goes out the window .
Fifty Shades of Grey is by no means a masterpiece . Yet there are moments where it rises above the material thanks to the lovely Dakota Johnson who is luminous , and a director that helps paint a very pretty picture .
Fifty Shades is n't ha-ha cheesy fun . It is n't tee-hee quasi-dirty fun . It 's terrible . On almost every level .
Fifty Shades of Grey only has one shade : tedious self-pity . The other 49 shades promised in the title are missing from the movie version of the infamous novel .
I have seen more heat and more skin in late-night offerings on Cinemax . I 've seen more realistic romance in young-adult movies , and I 've seen better acting by furniture .
How can a movie this controversial be this painfully boring ?
While the movie talks dirty , what materializes on the screen is soft focus and barely soft core .
Advertises itself as edgy and titillating , but proves fatally tepid and boring .
Jamie Dornan is going to get crushed for his performance here , but it 's not all his fault . His character , as it 's written , has the charm of a toaster . There 's not much Dornan can do about that .
Johnson has a natural warmth , intelligence , and humor that come across on screen and go a long way toward making the movie less silly than it could have been .
Anastasia is a problem . Christian is one , too . We spend most of the movie trying to figure out which character is the bigger one .
We 're constantly told in life that women long for humor , tenderness and honesty , yet that does n't seem to be the case here .
Dornan simply does n't have the ability to truly offer up deep , unimaginable pain and self-loathing . He 's just not that talented an actor , and if the part were recast for the next two movies , no one would bat a blindfolded eye .
A generic romance cynically engineered to appeal to the lowest common denominator of female fantasy .
Johnson is rather sweet , though , and if she played a role that required her to look more than alternately smitten and poleaxed , she could score big . But now that Fifty Shades is poised to be a franchise , will she have that chance ?
Johnson does a lot of moaning and groaning ... leading me to visualize a director wearing plus fours with a megaphone ... out of camera range , yelling , `` Moan ! '' and `` Groan ! '' The idea of sitting through two sequels is almost more than one can bear .
The director of the much-anticipated adaptation , Sam Taylor-Johnson , made what could have been a trashy TV movie into well-conceived cinema .
... director Sam Taylor-Johnson attempts to make a silk purse out of a sow 's ear , but while she leavens the experience with some well mined character humor and gives the production a glossy sheen , you can only put so much lipstick on a pig .
Yet the film 's biggest problem is its two stars . Despite all the ripped abs and exposed breasts , blindfolds and cuffs , there are few sparks between them . Without that , Fifty Shades of Grey feels as cold and sterile as Grey 's sleek penthouse .
Those who take their significant others to see it this Valentine 's Day may find the evening ends with a soft kiss on the cheek rather than a night full of boot knockin ' .
Confunde fetiche com abuso .
Sam Taylor-Johnson 's Fifty Shades of Grey is total trash . Noble trash . The amusing kind of trash , actually .
as exciting as a rectal exam
No one said the masochism part of the story in Fifty Shades of Grey had to do with what the audience would be put through .
The dashes of momentum are just a tease . It 's hard to remember the last time this much sex was this tedious .
I 'll go see the next movie quite happily .
Sam Taylor-Johnson 's film version is neither as bad as it could have been nor as good as it needs to be .
Actors Dakota Johnson and Jamie Dornan make an appealing couple and battle mightily against the flat , linear plotting , though when the story ended inconclusively I was n't eager to follow them through the inevitable sequels .
In the interest of consumer reporting , I 'll say this : The book is n't better than the movie , and the film is n't better than the book .
Oddly enough , Sam Taylor-Johnson 's movie version of E.L. James ' phenomenal sexy best-seller begins as an intriguing , exciting , even eroticizing experience before its S&M engine jumps the rails .
-LSB- A -RSB- supremely silly film .
In the end , there 's nothing here we have n't seen before . But there 's also nothing as agonizingly awkward as James 's prose .
Some aspects might be off-putting , but the actors and filmmakers handle the topic in a surprisingly tasteful way .
Leads Jamie Dornan and Dakota Johnson , both of whom spend the majority of the film supposedly desperately longing for each other , have so little chemistry that it gives the sexy goings-on a rather clinical feel .
A great movie ? Not even close . Is it the best movie that could have been made from its source material ? It probably is .
A flaccid S and M movie that 's more infuriating than titillating ? Happy Valentine 's Day .
`` Fifty Shades of Grey '' does n't entertainingly cross the line of good taste so much as trip and fall on it .
The likably coy Johnson has no chemistry with the dreary , self-serious Dornan . He 's a casting disaster ...
The sex scenes are the best bit because the story is so abjectly terrible .
The biggest disappointment for those non-readers of the book is the feeling of is-that-all-there-is ? A bit of rope , some hanging around , six smacks - it 's tame enough to make Tyrion Lannister of Game of Thrones smirk .
All in all , this is really tame .
The movie as glossy as a Topps trading card . Real BDSM enthusiasts will roll their eyes at its chaste exploitation . But it 's got something going on .
When you look at is as nothing more than horny housewife erotic fiction , it serves its purpose .
`` Fifty Shades of Grey '' the movie , for the record , is not quite as bad as `` Fifty Shades of Grey '' the book . But that 's not saying much .
Fifty Shades of Grey only has one shade : tedious self-pity . The other 49 shades promised in the title are missing from the movie version of the infamous novel .
In the closing moments , `` Shades '' goes from being dull to disturbing , but only slightly .
Sam Taylor-Johnson 's drably competent adaptation of EL James 's appalling mucky novel offers Nitrazepam for the libido throughout .
While Fifty Shades Of Grey is a memorable and society-shifting cultural event , it 's in no way a memorable movie .
Despite what you might fear , the movie is not torture . And even if it does n't inspire lust , you will breathe a warm sigh of relief , thinking : This could have been so much worse .
Creating a genteel R-rated film from a very X-rated book is like making a Mamma Mia ! movie without the songs .
`` Fifty Shades of Grey '' should be fun and frisky and , most of all , hot . Instead , it is a reserved , sanitized , overinflated downer , as sterile as Christian 's sleek luxury penthouse .
Unofficially titled , So , Can I Spank You or What ? , Grey leaves you with a question you do n't want to ask after a movie or after sex : Is that it ?
About an hour in , it finally dawned on me that perhaps the movie was giving me insights into masochism after all . As the minutes slowly , painfully ticked by I came to accept my punishment .
What 's important is that the novel began life as Twilight fan fiction . That tells you everything you need to know .
It needed to take the plunge , strengthen the sexual moments , and submit to the book 's `` mommy porn '' reputation . Instead , it played it too safe .
For a movie that traffics in the promise of sexual adventure , it 's founded upon a woefully conservative narrative .
There 's a big problem with `` Fifty Shades of Grey , '' and his name is Jamie Dornan .
The book has a reputation for being a compendium of ridiculous lines . The film is entertaining because it understands the humour of the material and milks the exchanges with knowing delight .
`` Fifty Shades of Grey '' turns out to be an intriguing tussle - not in the sack , or in the Red Room of Pain , but in its internal war between the dubious erotica of James ' novel -LRB- the first of three -RRB- and the far craftier trash offered by the movie .
I 'm not going to pretend I did n't like this movie , just as I ca n't pretend there 's nothing wrong with it . But try thinking of it this way : It 's an event movie that 's also a relationship drama , and that 's rare .
I expected a lot of things from `` Fifty Shades of Grey , '' but I did n't expect to be bored .
An unashamed and genially preposterous fairy tale , a kind of `` Cinderella '' with restraints , `` 50 Shades '' is about as believable as `` Jack and the Beanstalk , '' albeit considerably more kinky in intent .
Vainly seeking to reach the widest possible audience , the makers of this exercise in banality stripped it of almost anything that could cause offence .
For a movie where people are naked for a large chunk of time and play at bondage and dominance -LRB- without ever really seeming all that committed to it -RRB- , it sure is boring .
It may be perfectly sufficient that , above all else , Fifty Shades of Grey captures the shallow essence of its source material .
These two star-crossed lovers have a lot more to negotiate than just the path to true love .
Fifty Shades of Grey feels like two , distinct films grappling for dominance over the screen : one a sensual and stylish romance , and the other a numbingly explicit Harlequin bodice-ripper brought to life .
I ca n't help but feel that if this was subtitled and in Polish or French or something , then critics would be losing their collective minds over it .
Colorless
There 's undoubtedly more nudity than in a standard 21st Century Hollywood movie , but it 's less explicit and less passionate than what Michael Douglas and Sharon Stone got up to in Basic Instinct more than 20 years ago .
What 's troubling and somewhat dangerous is that underneath the twisted sex , this story contains the same template of every aspirational romance .
I 'm shocked - shocked , do you hear me ?!? - that the film version of E.L. James ' Fifty Shades of Grey is such a dull , decorous affair , about as erotic as an ad for Pottery Barn . Strictly intended for gluttons for punishment-by boredom .
It has an impressive performance from Dakota Johnson -LRB- daughter of Melanie Griffith and Don Johnson , granddaughter of Tippi Hedren . -RRB- But it does n't really feel like a date movie .
Overall , no-one 's going to be needing a cold shower after this . However , half a glass of something beforehand in the company of like-minded friends is definitely recommended .
There is no denying that Fifty Shades , for the most part , is nonsensical and absurd , but it 's undoubtedly good fun .
The only thing Dakota Johnson ca n't pull off is her character 's over-dramatic name - she introduces herself as Anastasia Steele like an apology .
-LSB- Taylor-Johnson -RSB- has very professionally rendered this potent rubbish much less ridiculous , much more of a marketable proposition , than could have been expected .
Maybe in future installments there will even be something that resembles a plot . For now , the entire movie is about as sexy as a root canal .
I would n't say that Taylor-Johnson has made a good movie from `` Fifty Shades of Grey , '' precisely . That 's asking too much .
Johnson has a great knack with comedy , salting silly lines with witty humor , and giving ridiculous moments just the right roll of the eyes .
It looks and feels like a sequel to Twilight , with deadly dull talk about S&M replacing endless consternation over turning into one of the undead .
Think World of Interiors meets The Little Book of Bondage , and you may get the picture , which starts out hilarious , becomes ludicrous and finally dubious .
Obsessed with money , willfully wrongheaded about sex and crippled by its own construction , Fifty Shades of Grey is too many kinds of awful to work as anything but accidental sociology : We get the smut we deserve .
It proves that age-old saw that great books rarely make great films , whereas barely-literate junk can turn into something ripe and even electric on screen .
My God , this thing goes on . By the time the two get busy in Christian 's `` playroom , '' the oomph has gone out of the whole erotic setup ...
The film 's intense commitment to being dull makes you long for sparkly vampires and werewolves .
If this were a parody of romance , the film might be considered valid ; but somehow the cast and crew appear to treat the venture as realistic .
Easily amongst the seven or eight best Hollywood productions ever made about a woman contemplating whether or not to sign a dominant/submissive contract .
A limp bore .
The whole thing 's about as transgressive as ordering a Cabernet Sauvignon with your fish .
`` Fifty Shades of Grey '' might not be a good movie - O.K. , it 's a terrible movie - but it might nonetheless be a movie that feels good to see , whether you squirm or giggle or roll your eyes or just sit still and take your punishment .
To her credit , Taylor-Johnson proves that graphic images are not needed and this is the first mainstream Hollywood film that successfully shows female pleasure in bondage scenes . Unfortunately , we have to wade through an awful lot that is trite .
Fifty Shades of Grey is an entertaining , witty , and yes occasionally sexy fable of female assertiveness disguised as a tale of submission .
Maybe the smoulderingly sado-obsessed hero does not have a penis . It could account for his tastes . And his decor .
Jamie Dornan somehow manages to render his sculpted beauty moot , which throws a major wrench in the gears for a film dependent on eroticism .
It 's no Clint Eastwood 's superheroic saving of ` The Bridges of Madison County , ' but it 'll do .
We may have all been curious going in , but by the time the credits roll , there 's another question that springs to mind : Is that all there is ?
Despite the endless sex , a highly unsatisfying encounter . Cold as a fish and almost as dumb .
Fifty Shades of Grey is not the lame , hot-and-bothered fantasy romance many , including myself , thought it would be . It 's got wit and humor and a modest intelligence about human behavior that , say , the Twilight movies never had .
The movie Fifty Shades of Grey is considerably better written than the book . It is also sort of classy-looking , in a generic , TV-ad-for-bath-oil way .
Sitting through the turgid and tedious S&M melodrama that is Fifty Shades of Grey may feel like its own form of torture .
`` Fifty Shades Of Grey '' is embarrassing and depressing , especially when considering the picture as a reflection of the quality and state of mainstream modern romance today .
`` The stylish and mostly satisfying film will be -LSB- a blockbuster -RSB- , and deservedly so . Starring a vivacious Dakota Johnson and a game Jamie Dornan , Taylor-Johnson 's erotic romance is a skillful distillation of James ' first book . ''
After the reams of commentary EL James ' books have inspired -LRB- and recent faith-based protests -RRB- this big screen adaptation still manages to be about people , and even a little bit sweet .
Lacks any of the raunch or controversy promised , and is instead tiresome , banal and as thinly plotted as a porno .
The fine line between abuse and pleasure is so thin it 's almost non-existent . Here is a Valentine 's Day movie that will certainly make bank , but you are n't helping yourself or anyone else by seeing it .
Gone are the truly dreadful aspects of the book , and the biggest surprise may be that Ana and Christian have developed senses of humor .
No amount of polished technical ingredients can salvage a relatively faithful screenplay that lifts much of the book 's painfully rudimentary dialogue verbatim .
Glossy , well cast , and a consistent hoot until it becomes a serious drag .
Accept this genuinely sexy , somewhat silly , relatively timid romantic drama on its own escapist terms and you 'll find sufficient pleasure .
Fifty Shades of Grey is a sex-positive but hopelessly soft-core erotic drama that fails to be even a fraction as titillating as the E.L. James books that inspired it . And yet , that 's exactly why it works .
Aiming to please , the filmmakers submit without hesitation to the bold yet hokey source material , with leads Jamie Dornan and Dakota Johnson breathing a crucial third dimension into cutout characters .
Johnson is a true find : She 's so committed , she makes Ana 's every discovery - in or out of the bedroom - convincing .

@highlight

While creatively better endowed than its print counterpart , Fifty Shades of Grey is a less than satisfying experience on the screen .