I felt not the smallest stir of emotion when the film revealed which of the good-natured ruffians would become which fabled knight .
It 's the He-Man story we 've yet to get ... King Arthur is certainly a good time .
There are some absolutely marvelous sequences , but because confusion reigns with an even tighter fist , you do n't have enough context to really appreciate what 's happening .
Unfortunately the sum of all its excellent parts does n't quite make the film a coherent whole and it gets somewhat bogged down in the mechanics of the Arthurian story .
Despite being marketed as historical fiction King Arthur story , this film is actually a high octane full on fantasy film that showcases Excalibur guiding Arthur to his destiny . And it 's thrilling !
All this hot garbage is too much for even the bulging shoulders of Hunnam .
If you can bear the bad patches , there 's something dazzlingly fun at the heart of it all .
This might be the best video game movie ever made and it 's not even based on a game
Some legends are better left buried .
Despite the inconsistency in pace and vision behind this unique take on the legend of Arthur , Ritchie pulls it off in style .
While King Arthur is not Guy Ritchie gold , it is an entertaining film that serves up the right amount of thrills , spills and wit .
Once we all take a deep breath and realise that the Arthurian clock has effectively been reset to year zero , there is fun to be had here .
It feels like your typical bloated disaster blockbuster .
a messy missed opportunity .
Character development is n't Ritchie 's forte , and in this ensemble film , the many characters get lost in the manic action . But just like the Sherlock Holmes films , Ritchie 's lead actors save the day .
... possesses the flourishes fans come to expect from a Guy Ritchie film .
The fact that Guy Ritchie has arranged to re-imagine the Matter of Britain in the idiom of his own cheeky London gangster pictures is a bit charming , if decidedly ill-advised .
I suppose Ritchie deserves some credit for trying not to genuflect at the feet of a well-worn legend , but he drags the story of Arthur into the dirt and never allows it to shake off the mud .
-LSB- Guy -RSB- Ritchie mistakes kinetic energy for storytelling-and when the story is as age-old as Arthur , his masculine bluster is empty and exhausting .
An agile and entertaining vision of the Arthurian myth , however it limits itself constantly until everything sinks without remission in one of the worst third acts that we will see throughout 2017 . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Ritchie has reached into the medieval quiver of tales for material , but has not imposed the meta-narrative of Western history onto those stories . For this restraint medievalists should be thankful , and the critics should be a little more forgiving .
King Arthur : Legend of the Sword is a woefully misguided take on the Arthurian legend that sucks all of the fun and excitement out of the original tale and replaces it with a barrage of messy , garbled CGI action scenes .
More swords , more stones , and more roundtables , please . Just not directed by Guy Ritchie .
The problem with this movie is that it 's tremendously boring . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
... in another year crowded with unwanted sequels , remakes and reboots , this uneven , unimaginative take on a character we 've seen before only adds to the noise .
The effects are at a good level and help tell the story , although some are too exaggerated they fulfill their purpose . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
What we have here is a strange amorphous work that , at times , can be entertaining , at other times it is better to leave the room to buy popcorn or go to the bathroom . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
If the sprawling , ugly , largely incomprehensible mess of King Arthur : Legend of the Sword is anything to go by , Guy Ritchie has now consolidated his status as the worst `` A List '' director working today .
Guy Ritchie 's transformation from gritty , innovative filmmaker to by-the-numbers purveyor of explosions continues with King Arthur : Legend of the Sword ...
That 's one thing that Ritchie 's Legend in the Sword shared with Excalibur-a vague idea that Britain is destined for transformation . In Legend of the Sword , unfortunately , that transformation is little more than a teaser .
Guy Ritchie is too inventive a filmmaker to deliver a dull take on Arthurian legend , but the six different movies he has tried to squeeze into a single session make for a messy and sometimes maddening experience .
Fans missing movies like The Lord of the Rings should give it a try , this is n't better -LRB- nor does it come any close -RRB- than that wonderful trilogy but , I had a much better time than with any of the Hobbits . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
All in all , King Arthur : Legend of the Sword is unnecessary but forgettable fun . While not a must-see film , it is pure popcorn entertainment .
Modern politics - as well as essential , unchanging human personality - come into play in Ritchie 's historical , action-adventure extravaganza .
` King Arthur ' is not the stuff of legends .
A very funny film , a unique interpretation of King Arthur 's legend that I doubt will be imitated in the near future . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An action fantasy that is as substantial as popcorn and about as easy to swallow .
Failed attempt to expand and modernize the myth of King Arthur . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
... a myth in need of a makeover - but not this one . So little of Arthurian legend is preserved that this could be any blade swinger since Conan . No Guinevere , minimal Mordred and Merlin gets only a mention . Not a lotta Camelot .
You might be forgiven for not realising that , far from being a mystical , swirling Dark Ages saga , the story was in fact classic Ritchie fodder , a heartwarming tale of the rise of a tiny Cockney ruffian , just waiting to be adapted by him .
A King Arthur origin story via Westeros , steals most of its best ideas , and even shots , from Game of Thrones -LRB- Splice Today -RRB-
Derivative , rote , devoid of heart and hope . Guy Ritchie has found no reason to retell Arthur 's story , or to render a mythic hero as a self-serving thug .
A murky video game aesthetic and impatient , maniacally fast cutting do it no favours .
It 's just a brash , messy and overblown blockbuster that uses the legend of Arthur as a marketing hook for a blokey tale of medieval feuding .
Guy Ritchie 's take on Arthurian myth is a misbegotten mash-up of sword-and-sorcery action fantasy and geezers-on-a-mission caper . It 's all booming CGI and lairy banter . Bish bash bosh !
It 's a bloody mess .
A spectacle that shines little -LRB- since the special effects are n't particularly great -RRB- , whereas the action has little solvency , resulting more confused than exciting . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Even if the action is too whizzy for its own good , it has a sense of scale that makes it eye-catching . And the script 's exploration of identity and power is actually meaningful .
King Arthur is basically Lock , Stock and One Stonking Sword , in which Ritchie filters national myth through the only aesthetic he knows : the stop-start gor-blimey rock video in which everyone channels their inner Winstone .
It flies along at a lunatic pace and while about half the jokes do n't work , it is occasionally entertaining .
The movie is a lot of fun . That 's providing you understand its rightful cinematic antecedent is not John Boorman 's Excalibur but Monty Python and the Holy Grail .
-LSB- Ritchie -RSB- brings his distinctive 21st-century touch to a time-honoured tale .
It is a film as long on tediously stylised fight scenes and portentous electro-folk music as it is short on emotional involvement .
Ritchie 's movie is handicapped by its obedience to the rules of modern franchising , putting aside much of the most potent Arthurian lore to instead tell a protracted Round Table origin story .
King Arthur has a vulnerable heart beating somewhere under all the grimy , sweaty muscles lovingly displayed for the camera . It 's just buried too often under narrative chaos .
When King Arthur : Legend of the Sword finds its stride , it 's a neat little tincture of Snatchian attitude and fantasy lore that is a good bit of early summer fun .
King Arthur : Legend of the Sword is exactly what you 'd expect from Guy Ritchie : a frenetically paced affair peppered with humour and plenty of laddish behaviour .
This film is one hell of a weird , hot mess .
Ritchie allows precious few breaks in the action .
The result is an inert origins story - the cinematic equivalent of Excalibur before Arthur gets his hands on it .
Ritchie 's tale of warlocks , Londinium docks and 2000 smoking arrows is undoubtedly his finest and most commanding movie to date .
Ritchie is trying , with mighty self-regard , to give us Lock , Stock And Two Smoking Broadswords . But that just makes it more excruciating , not less .
King Arthur is far from perfect but if you are happy to just go along for the ride it 's certainly entertaining enough .
Much like the titular character , seems to be suffering from an identity crisis . Half sweeping fantasy epic , half nitty-gritty gang comedy ... the film is overstuffed with ideas that could have proven intriguing if given enough room to breathe .
Enjoy the CGI , but do n't expect to give it another thought .
In a poor film , the use of David Beckham in a minor but significant role stands out as an own goal . It 's a towering misjudgement and a good example of the way filmmaking for Ritchie is really just an extension of socialising .
It 's a fresh take on a story so worn and exhausted that it should only probably ever be revisited this way : irreverently , by a director who 's made a name for himself already in this style and thematic peculiarity .
If nothing else , this is a heck of a lot more entertaining than the staid 2004 King Arthur film starring Clive Owen .
This latest take on the Arthurian classic is epic in many ways , none of them good .
Guy Ritchie gives the Arthurian legend the full Lock Stock cockney treatment , but we 've seen it all before .
An almost laughable amount of phallic imagery is on display at all times .
The movie becomes a long , unstoppable , barely sufferable explosion of digi-battle scenes , digi-pachyderms , digi-snake-monsters , digi-Armageddon .
A bewildering mix of solemn hokum and standard Ritchie laddishness .
With the legend of Arthur , -LSB- Ritchie -RSB- has succeeded by going to excess .
Though it 's excellent fan service , Covenant does not deliver the beautiful horror of the Alien series ' best .
Guy Ritchie 's reimagining of the King Arthur legend manages to be both action-packed and yet utterly mind-numbing , with a two-hour running time that feels endless .
When it 's time for some computer-generated spectacle to fuel the mythical mayhem that will help Arthur conquer Camelot , Legend Of the Sword forgets how to be fun for a while .
King Arthur : Legend of the Sword could have been one thing or the other -- one entertaining , one stock standard -- but it settles on an unhappy medium that is never tonally consistent .
Amid all the sound and fury , it takes a while to realise that actually not very much is happening here at all .
It 's all rather a mess , but often an entertaining one .
There are many movies of the King Arthur legend ... Director Guy Ritchie was n't put off . There had n't been one that combined martial arts with giant snakes ; now , there has been .
Thanks to its heavy-handed approach , the impact -LSB- is -RSB- diminished .
The whole enterprise is underwhelming and lord help us all if this movie spins into the six-film franchise it was designed to set up .
Revels in sticking with a template-like tale , purely to afford the director a platform to thrust his specific brand of flair to the fore .
To borrow from a far superior film about this king -- 1975 's Monty Python and the Holy Grail , of course -- it would be easier to cut down the mightiest tree in the forest with a herring than to willingly watch another entry in this errant enterprise .
An attempt to a prequel to the arrival and takeover of Arthur as king , but even Walt Disney 's Sword in the stone , is better . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
If you 're easily pleased by a bit of well-rendered CGI spectacle and cod-fantasy set dressing , King Arthur : Legend of the Sword will scratch that itch .
` King Arthur : Legend of the Sword ' is a nutty , disjointed movie that nearly gets pulled off thanks mostly to Ritchie 's frenetic energy and the charisma of star Charlie Hunnam .
The dialogue feels forced , and the blending of this laddish , free-flowing conversation seems at odds with the grandiose fantasy elements , resulting in a film that , for the most part , is just really bloody silly .
As a modern retelling of a timeworn legend , Ritchie 's King Arthur falls well short of greatness .
Guy Ritchie 's take on the King Arthur legend plays like a 180 million dollar book report written by the worst student in the class .
It 's as though Guy Ritchie binge-watched Game of Thrones and then thought to himself , `` Hey , I can do that ! '' To which I reply , `` No , Guy . No you ca n't . ''
It moves fast , which hides its lack of drama -- there 's no tension here , just lots of stuff happening . There 's also no plot or character development .
In his muddled but muscular re-telling of `` King Arthur : Legend of the Sword , '' there is little swash and buckle , but hot damn if Charlie Hunnam -LRB- `` Sons of Anarchy '' -RRB- is n't fit to be king . With that chiseled physique , Hunnam is built for royalty .
Fractured and fumbling , it unfolds like a frantic video game ...
An excellent movie to be seen in a bus or when it 's on tv -LRB- a year from now -RRB- while you 're doing the dishes . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
`` King Arthur : The Legend of the Sword '' will not become a fantastic movie classic , but at least it 's an entertaining movie to see once . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A vertiginous editing and an epic score manage to take Guy Ritchie 's vision to the big screen with the seal of the director . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Legend of the Sword is a stylish affair . Not only is it blessed with some visually impressive fight scenes , its wardrobe choices are inspired .
Purist devotees of Arthurian legend may not be too crazy on this stylish , audience-friendly take on the famous king , but `` King Arthur : Legend of the Sword '' should provide solid swashbuckling entertainment value for summer audiences of 2017 .
To that hallowed list of great expensive follies - `` John Carter , '' `` Ishtar , '' `` Heaven 's Gate '' - let us ceremonially add another name : `` King Arthur : Legend of the Sword . ''
This film is so choked with CGI battles , enormous mastodons , and flaming dark warriors , it gradually loses its grounding , making Arthur little more than yet another `` chosen one '' with mystical CGI-enhanced supremacy .
Every moment is surrounded by so much busy nonsense that virtually every plot detail is obscured .
Sure it 's a long way from Tennyson 's ` Idylls of the King ' to this wild and crazy Guy Ritchie movie . Still , if you simply roll with the director 's usual assortment of noisy hooligans , you 'll have some fun with it .
The film just does n't wash . The plot defies logic , performances are below par and several bad directorial decisions sink the period drama so deep that even a seething Jude Law ca n't lift it up .
More outlandish and much less successful than several previous incarnations of the Arthurian legend , Guy Ritchie 's reimagining is full of sound and fury , signifying , well , nothing .
-LSB- Guy Ritchie -RSB- stumbles with the Arthurian legend , incorporating fantasy elements that do n't mesh with his contemporary sense of humor and modern editing style .
Astonishingly , this film was originally conceived as being the first part of a potential six-film franchise , though I have serious doubts that it will do well enough to rate even a second installment .
The cockney-dickhead approach to Arthurian lore has never been tried before .
After watching `` King Arthur : Legend of the Sword , '' I wanted to revisit `` Monty Python and the Holy Grail '' for its realism .
Guy Ritchie is what you would get if Michael Bay had a sense of humor and was n't a moron .
Style over substance dethrones this cinematic heir to the royal legend .
At its best , Ritchie 's style passes for watchable flash . At its worst , it is King Arthur : Legend of the Sword .
Great costume design and visual effects , but overlong , exhausting , and dull with nauseating choppy editing .
This is not your father 's King Arthur legend . It may not be yours , either .
Big , loud , violent , but amusing retelling of ancient legend .
More He-Man VS Skeletor than Morte d'Arthur . Where is Alan Rickman when yiou need him ?
It may just be a big mindless adventure , but it is still occasionally engaging and perhaps worth a look for those in love with this fanciful story .
Director Guy Ritchie can turn London crime dramas into cinematic lightning , but apply his fast cuts and jagged pacing to the Arthurian legend and you get , well , a brutal , bleedin ' mess .
Oi ! What 's Guy Ritchie gone and done with King Arfur , then ?
For all the alleged comradeship meant to convey fun-at times Ritchie seems to be nodding at Robin Hood more than King Arthur-the film is joyless .
Excalibur 's magic sadly not near enough for Ritchie 's latest to win the day .
The movie 's few good moments are crushed by Ritchie 's trademark 10-ton stylistic overkill .
King Arthur is just busy/noisy/imaginative enough to distract you from the drab storytelling core .
Ritchie has gleefully set his timeworn characters in an environment where narrative logic has no purchase . One name for this environment is subconscious dreamscape . Another is mosh pit .
Did n't hate this but everything in the movie is magical including Arthur . The movie -- alas -- is not . Message to Guy Ritchie . Go back to doing stuff like Lock , Stock .
One of those examples of a movie that gets so much right -- and what it gets right is SO good -- that many people will forgive its goofy flaws . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Profanity , Sexual Content , etc. - also Available -RRB-
An unsuccessful mix of saucy wit and portentous sorcery .
Ritchie , using a rollicking soundtrack and wild visual flourishes , is off his rocker here , enough so that he makes a familiar , stale tale seem fresh .
Well , Guy Ritchie sure put his stamp on this bit of British mythology . Lock , stock and flaming arrow .
Guy Ritchie puts his London-street-gangster spin on the King Arthur legend . But Legend of the Sword suffers from poor pacing and a murky sense of its own mythology .
Annoyingly edited , shoddily acted , and stuffed with action scenes that have stakes so low as to be invisible , King Arthur : Legend of the Sword is easily skipped .
While it is a bit of deus ex -LRB- calibur -RRB- machina , it 's still satisfying , like finally figuring out that intricate combo move in Street Fighter or whatever . At its best , King Arthur conjures up those base and visceral pleasures .
Kinetic and attention-grabbing .
Energetic , chaotic and entertaining . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This historical epic is pure visual pyrotechnics decidedly insubstantial . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A movie that moves at a frenetic pace , lashing the audience with an overwhelming amount of elements that move equally to exaggerated revolutions or in idle recharge . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
While the flashy visuals , fast cutting and idiosyncratic lads banter will appeal to some , the result is less impressive .
A King Arthur prequel fouled up by videogame-like animals that never existed , silly fight scenes , and one-liners supposed to be witty but are just annoying ... so jumbled and incoherent that it 's little more than regurgitated nonsense .
Legend of the Sword , then , is the first adequately rousing Arthurian epic since 1981 's Excalibur , which remains the most satisfying treatment the Good King A. has received onscreen , if you do n't count Monty Python and the Holy Grail .
It 's a mess graced by a few terrific sequences , but a mess nonetheless .
While making a hash of a national legend , Ritchie is at least enough of a patriot to have filmed King Arthur entirely in the U.K.
There 's never a dull moment in the latest film based on the Arthurian legend , and there are n't many moments that make much sense , either .
I would suggest we are firmly in the realm of self-parody here , but that presumes anything about Ritchie 's modus operandi could have at any time been enjoyed in earnest .
A lot of shenanigans , detours and filler , some bad , some good and all of it disposable .
There are some first-rate performances in `` King Arthur : Legend of the Sword , '' most of them delivered by computer-generated animals .
It 's all an utter crock , made more insufferable by Ritchie 's modernistic go-to moves that just do n't mesh with the material .
-LSB- T -RSB- he screenplay rushes through the un-Arthur-like material to get to a plot that rarely feels like an Arthur story .
The equivalent of a bored high school student doodling muscular dudes fighting monsters in the margins of his Norton Anthology of English Literature .
King Arthur works best when the focus is on the bonds forged between Arthur and his future knights , the battles between the rebel forces and the obligatory faceless henchmen , and even the slightly sexual tension .
Guy Ritchie has just given us the trashiest and most impudent vulgarization of King Arthur anyone is ever likely to see in a zillion-dollar movie , King Arthur : Legend of the Sword .
Jude Law almost manages to chew his way through the CGI scenery and create a gloriously wicked villain , but in the end , even he succumbs to the dumb .
Unlike any other medieval warfare and sorcery movie ever committed to film , but that does n't necessarily mean it 's good . This King Arthur superhero origin story is strange , invigorating , often outright bad , confusing , and totally wild .
Revenge . It 's the cheapest , laziest , lowest-common-denominator character motivation in the book . Cultural vandalism .
The movie 's unwillingness to simply show what is happening , and its incessant desire to be clever and funny , go too far and become off-putting .
It 's as if Ritchie sensed the ponderous weight of his story and dumped in every visual gimmick from his directorial kitchen sink .
I wo n't bury the lede . This movie SUCKS . King Awful !
It 's a mastodon of a movie , wrecking pleasure wherever it plods .
King Arthur : Legend of the Sword is a goofy , splendid medieval romp that also makes a distinctly English case for a moderate populism .
After directing a number of British crime comedies , Guy Ritchie applied his rapid-fire wisecracks , gleeful violence , and flashy cutting and camera moves to the Sherlock Holmes franchise ; that same method works well for this big-budget Arthurian legend .
A dispiritingly lowbrow would-be epic-a modern-day bastardization rather than an imaginative rethinking , totally lacking in grandeur .
King Arthur : Legend of the Sword takes the mythos of the king through the ringer of both Ritchie 's style and the necessary wow of a summer blockbuster , and the results are mixed .
Nothing here excites the imagination , conveys the rich romance of the legend , or even sticks in the brain after you 've unstuck your feet from the movie theatre floor .
Relentlessly incoherent , more a gaudy , tacky , British-themed pinball machine than a carefully coordinated movie .
-LSB- I -RSB- t fails to deliver a film worthy of -LSB- its -RSB- ambitions ... There was a good movie in here somewhere , but only pieces of it were allowed to survive .
It 's not a fantasy genre game changer , but this is a clever , unique and most importantly fun way to tell a familiar tale .
It boasts the usual Ritchie touches - smart-aleck banter , super-stylized action scenes and a hipper-than-thou vibe that does not seem destined to age particularly well .
`` King Arthur : Legend of the Sword '' is a fun , if sacrilegious , first step in a franchise creation - one that observes the first commandment of storytelling : Thou shalt not be boring .
... such a cultural mishmash -LRB- George -LRB- Tom Wu -RRB- the kung-fu master ! A Syren that looks like `` The Little Mermaid 's '' Ursula ! -RRB- that it loses all distinction .
Legend of the Sword has plenty of great moments , but the sum of those parts is disappointingly mediocre .
A disappointing lump of a movie , but one that Ritchie does his damndest to keep alive with every trick he 's capable of producing .
Mixed genres makes for muddled `` Arthur . ''
Ritchie keeps rushing us along for two hours , as if to make absolutely certain that we never have time to absorb any character or moment , much less revel in the glorious , cheeky ridiculousness of the whole thing .
Remember the Knights Who Say Ni ? Ritchie 's are the Knights to Whom You 'll Say No .
It 's all more wearying than fun .
There 's little here but the naked desire to forcibly will a new fantasy franchise into being .
A dark , lumbering fantasy that smashes and crashes into themes , events and characters that have been popularized in literature , lore , legend and popular culture for centuries .
It 's got some interesting ideas packed inside cool cinematography and high-octane action , but those things come at the expense of plot and character development , making it a fairly typical summer popcorn movie .
Hunnam looks good but ca n't do much with the material , for there is not one genuine moment of emotion in the whole laborious mess . Even the action scenes are more confusing than stimulating .
Ritchie aspires to be a great British director , but his working his way through British icons - Sherlock Holmes was n't even safe - does no one any good .
Hunnam is eminently watchable as the Excalibur-wielding Arthur , here revealed to be born in very humble surroundings . Likewise Law ... gives a menacing turn as the evil King Vortigern .
Hustling hard with words and fists , Hunnam exudes the same charisma that made Jason Statham a star .
Poor Visuals , Very Confusing , Boring
Did I actually see `` King Arthur '' the other night ? Or was it all just a very loud dream ?
Despite creativity and a willingness to experiment on display , in the rush to change things , no one has figured out how to fit the new pieces together .
Despite a shameless non-ending that hints at sequel possibilities , this is not a film that is likely to stick with you even past the movie theater parking lot . Like Arthur , you 'll be happy that you got alive and relatively unscathed .
King Arthur : Legend of the Sword is a bit of a hodgepodge , but it 's one that 's consistently interesting .
It looks good , it has some very good sequences , but as a whole it 's entirely uninvolving .
For every Ritchian moment of cockney camaraderie or narrative trickery , there 's a generic scene of mass sword-fighting in the muck , regrettably shot in that gray-brown palette mandated for all gritty fantasy reboots .
Ritchie 's strategy completely betrays him .
Charlie Hunnam may play the title role , but this is very much Guy Ritchie 's movie .
In short , this Arthurian legend has got NOTHING to do with anything you know . But if you know Ritchie and his signature speed-ramping , hard-knuckle style , then you definitely know this movie .
This newfangled Arthur comes up short on grandeur or even old-fashioned matinee adventure , trading them in for cosmetic Game of Thrones grot .
The film 's biggest problem is Ritchie 's twitchy edit finger , the perpetual enemy of silence and stillness .
Guy , I like what you 've done with the legend !
It 's patchy and chaotic - but also an energetic spectacle .
For all the attempts to update King Arthur to be cool and sexy , neither the character nor the film around him musters any spark .
Though King Arthur gives him a chance to over-indulge his well-established taste for randomly speed-ramped action , Ritchie can barely muster any behind-the-camera enthusiasm for the high-fantasy elements .
If tolerating two hours and six minutes of King Arthur : The Legend of the Sword proved to be a great challenge , the process of trying to describe a movie with crisis of tone and identity is even a bigger challenge . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's the / Snatch mash-up you probably did n't want but might not mind watching .
Legend of the Sword 's brazen reimagining of Arthurian mythos , coupled with Ritchie 's style , makes for a bombastic yet entertaining King Arthur epic .
Director Guy Ritchie is so intent on making his version Not Your Father 's King Arthur that he loses all the things that are inherently interesting about the legend to begin with .
We 're here for Guy Ritchie 's King Arthur , but what we really get is a film made of utter nonsense that 's even less interested in its characters than it is in telling a story .
Cinematic takes on King Arthur have attempted to be realistic , romantic , fantastical and even musical -LRB- that one began on Broadway to be fair -RRB- . King Arthur : Legend of the Sword is all posturing bravado .
King Arthur is neither Guy Ritchie 's worst film nor his best , but it might well be his most frustrating .
Like The Lone Ranger and John Carter , King Arthur has the feeling of a summer movie with great ambition , but which will simply be dismissed as `` a mess . ''
For the most part , I think King Arthur : Legend of the Sword succeeds . Ritchie 's style and this material do n't always mesh , but when they do , the film is definitely entertaining .
I 'm no businessman , but plans for a six-film franchise may be optimistic . Optimism is nowhere to be found in Ritchie 's movie itself .
The film rattles along exhilaratingly , if sometimes intermittently , like a fairground rollercoaster that occasionally stops and makes you get out and walk for a few minutes before letting you back on .
The good news is , if the Queen did n't exile Monty Python for `` The Holy Grail , '' Guy Ritchie 's safe . For now .
Guy Ritchie makes sure sure that the special effects-heavy blockbuster still has a swagger and drive that you just ca n't take your eyes off of .
There 's a thin line between visionary and hodgepodge , and it 's a line that King Arthur crosses and re-crosses with an abandon that rivals Hunnam 's accent sliding from Cockney to Californian and back again .
Ritchie 's geezerfied King Arthur occasionally sparkles before being scuppered by generic effects , conflicting ideas and an embarrassing celebrity cameo for the ages .
So misshapen and inert , your imagination and memory never come close to being sparked by it .
Loud , bombastic and thuddingly obvious , this is a vulgar movie for vulgar times .
A sharp-tongued swing and a miss at the tale of the Knights of the Round Table .
Verily , this film 's inspiration seems to be not so much `` Le Morte d'Arthur '' as the leavings of an old game of Dungeons & Dragons , recollected after many years and much mead .
King Arthur could have been a rollicking blast . Instead it 's just another wannabe blockbuster with too much flash and not enough soul .
Ultimately , `` King Arthur '' is just a loud , obnoxious parade of flashy set pieces , as one visually busy , belligerent action scene after another marches by , each making less sense than the last , but all intended to overwhelm .
Ham-fisted mish-mosh occasionally delivers the goods .
Ritchie 's dizzying mismanagement of King Arthur : Legend of the Sword is the only spectacular thing about it .
Guy Ritchie 's nü-metal retelling of the Arthur legend leaves the old story largely unparsed and just sort of draws a tribal tat on it .
By the climax , Jude Law has been completely subbed out for a computer generated shadow ghost straight out of Game of Thrones by way of Street Fighter . Trust me , it sounds cooler than it is .
Guy Ritchie trains his maniacally excessive eye on Camelot in this brawny , leaden action spectacle that 's enlivened by the occasionally winning overabundance . But the story 's mythic qualities have been stripped away in the name of crafting a blockbuster .
You might not imagine Guy Ritchie 's `` King Arthur '' could be so very Guy Ritchie .
It 's every bit as formulaic and generic as you feared , with not nearly enough flights of gonzo fantasy .
Ritchie and his regular editor James Herbert cut up the action scenes with the desperation of the life of the party who 's secretly afraid to go home to his empty apartment .
Guy Ritchie 's ` King Arthur ' is a pleasing big budget spectacle , oddly aligned to the filmmaker 's thematic interests and startlingly compatible with his signature razzle-dazzle style .
Guy Ritchie 's King Arthur is a tonal jumble that 's certainly no heir to the throne , as it 's never rock-steady in approach or execution .
Part Game of Thrones , part Snatch , and almost all bad , Guy Ritchie 's latest is one of those generic blockbusters that has nothing to say and no idea how to say it .
A bloated action movie with occasional breaks in the monotony .
Not only a hyperactive music video , but a bloated one as well .

@highlight

King Arthur : Legend of the Sword piles mounds of modern action flash on an age-old tale -- and wipes out much of what made it a classic story in the first place .