... -LSB- Canadian writer/activist -RSB- Maude Barlow does provide a voice of sanity and tenacity in a world seemingly gone mad with greed .
The documentary shows in no uncertain terms that if we continue to abuse our water supply , Earth will become uninhabitable and humankind will become extinct .
The film makes a convincing case for better oversight of public water systems , water conservation , better water treatment systems and better control of industrial pollution which contaminates water supplies .
Before ending on a somewhat hopeful note of defiant activism , Irena Salina 's globe-hopping documentary is a terrifying downer .
Although meandering at times , Flow is still a serviceable documentary spouting daunting informational facts and figures about the freshwater supply threats and the perilous consequences that inevitably follow .
Educational polemical documentary .
You may never buy bottled water again after this .
Not all documentaries are solution-oriented , but this is .
The film is filled mostly with talking-head interviews and very one-sided reporting . So it 's lucky that these are subjects that are extremely topical right now , and are of interest as a result .
Problems are addressed in a narrative progression that gets more horrendous and builds into utter despair , except for the final few words of activism and optimism .
The overarching theme here is that the Earth 's freshwater supply is being contaminated , sucked dry and ` privatized ' for the benefit of huge corporations that are establishing themselves as the heirs to the oil cartels .
Flow might be alarmist propaganda , but with an estimated 20 years left before California 's water supply is used up , it might be time to respond to the alarm .
Channeling Soylent Green , Flow is fresh when it ties issues of supply , cost , quality , and extraction on 5 continents with the rise of giant water companies .
Your tap water might be making you sick . But your bottled water might be making you sicker , while also enabling the environmental rape of the American heartland and unconscionable extortion in the Third World .
The doomsday tone of the movie quickly becomes wearying , and after a certain point the information is simply repetitive , and thus loses much of its impact .
It is required watching , because only concerted citizen action can stop the trend .
All of Salina 's interviews and data tell a graphic story about corporate water piracy , the complicity of governments , the burden put on the poor and the scam of bottled water . But she ca n't quite jam it all in and still have a film that , well , flows .
As if we did n't have enough to worry about .
Yeah , we really do n't have enough to worry about these days . So why not grab a Pellegrino and see `` Flow , '' Irena Salina 's documentary about the end of the world 's water supply as we know it ?
Salina 's film might have been stronger had it not tried to cover so many water-related issues . But there 's no denying its power .
One thing is for sure : after you watch Flow , you 'll think about that next glass of water you drink or that next shower or bath you have and not take either of them for granted .
Flow is the kind of terrifying , impending-apocalypse documentary none of us wants to watch but all of us probably should ; it is n't the most enjoyable experience you 'll have at the movies this year , but I would n't doubt if it 's one of the most eye-opening .
Flow makes the case against the privatization of water , which is happening in gazillions of impoverished communities around the world , not to mention North American backyards .
When filmmaker Irena Salina does marshal the facts , Flow is an eye-opening , troubling 90 minutes that makes us think twice about an element we take for granted .
this is a film that trickles instead of roars .
You 'll never want to buy a bottle of water again after seeing this essential documentary about the blatant theft being committed by companies like Nestle that have helped make water the third biggest global industry behind electricity and oil .
Salina 's film is a very effective primer of an underreported problem . If nothing else , it made me thirsty .
... astonishing in the amount of information packed into its lean ninety-three minute running time ... enthralling -LRB- and frightening ! -RRB- to listen to .
An enlightening documentary about the global war over water and the progress being made by activists against multinational corporations and their campaign of privatization .
Offers up a call-to-arms against bottled water conglomerates that , in its structural sloppiness , feels like a high school student 's tossed-off research paper .
I have already stopping buying a bottle a day to bring to the office .
Irena Salina 's astonishingly wide-ranging film is less depressing than galvanizing , an informed and heartfelt examination of the tug of war between public health and private interests .
`` Flow '' critiques the commodification of water , which has resulted in increased global inequities .
The argument presented in ` Flow ' is hardly one to disagree with , but the movie still falls into the self-defeating pattern of the genre as practiced now .
This documentary finds a good balance between terrifying statistics , depressing images , talking heads , and hopeful suggestions .
Touching on everything from the cost citizens of poor countries pay for water to corporate hoodwinking in the bottled-water business , Flow makes you thirsty for more information
Grim but ultimately hopeful , Flow makes a convincing , impassioned case that concerned citizens need to fight for the right to clean water just as assiduously as Yauch and his Beastie compatriots once demanded the right to party .
One of those charming little documentaries that make you question whether the human race is really worth preserving .
It 's a plainly one-sided call to arms , but with good reason -- you may never look at your faucet without flinching again .
The inconvenient truth at the center of Flow : For Love of Water is that while the oil crisis is intensely debated and documented , disasters involving an even more essential fluid go perilously unnoticed .
-LRB- Director -RRB- Salina makes Flow function as a wake-up call to those who take such issues as an international given .
Go with the Flow and you 'll discover not only that a billion of the world 's people are without fresh water but that even areas within the U.S. face scarcities .
There are more than 116,000 manmade chemicals floating around our allegedly clean H2O supply . One scientist even points to the recent discovery of Prozac in Texas tap water -LRB- which , come to think of it , actually explains a lot about the Lone Star State . -RRB-
Along with this sobering information , filmmaker Irena Salina 's docu includes a distinct note of optimism that should help the film flow smoothly through the festival pipeline before eventually settling on DVD .





@highlight

Flow is an informative , disturbing and enthralling film that highlights a criminally underreported problem .