By no means is this lukewarm drama Woody Allen 's worst work , but it 's no dream , either .
Everything is utterly disengaged
Farrell and McGregor bring much to their roles ... to make Cassandra 's Dream an effective and chilling ride .
Cassandra 's Dream is , in fact , not the worst film in the Woodman 's oeuvre . But it does tend to underline his weaknesses .
It 's enough to make you pine for the good old days -- back when life was only partly ironic and Woody was totally funny .
Woody Allen still insists on making movies at the rate of one a year , but he clearly needs to slow down . A lot .
These characters not only do n't talk like working-class Londoners , they do n't talk like anyone .
Disappointing , badly overwritten drama from Woody Allen , rendered almost unwatchable by dreadful Cockney accents from McGregor and Farrell .
At this point , I guess we should just applaud Allen for his work ethic .
By the time the blokes played by McGregor and Farrell get around to confronting their misdeeds , they 're the only ones who care .
Allen is notorious for not giving his actors explicit instructions , and yet somehow this worked wonders for Farrell , who has never seemed so naked , so clear and so unencumbered as he does here .
The problem is , you do n't feel the human sweat and strain in Cassandra 's Dream , despite game work from Farrell and McGregor . There are plenty of ideas and themes and no people of distinctive interest to enliven them .
Although all the performances are remarkable , the actors ca n't break free from the too neat-and-tidy script .
A clumsy , clichéd morality play that may actually represent the lowest point of Allen 's recently chequered career .
Woody Allen 's neurotic-speak works wonders coming from a New Yorker , but coming from a Brit ? Not so much .
The writing is terrific as are the performances by Colin Farrell and Ewan McGregor who play brothers with dreams beyond their means .
This is Colin Farrell 's best work in years and proof that Woody Allen is an old dog , and these are new tricks .
Every Woody Allen movie becomes an occasion to discuss what went wrong with Woody Allen movies . My own theory is that Allen simply became too efficient at getting his movies made % u2014 he works quickly and cheaply and he never has to convince his backers
Woody Allen vuelve sobre ciertos temas de algunas de sus mejores obras -LRB- Crímenes y Pecados , Match Point -RRB- , pero esta vez sin una gran historia que los sustente .
Taken for what it is , and without hoping for another Match Point or Crimes and Misdemeanors , Cassandra 's Dream is a fine genre film that succeeds at what it attempts , even if it does n't attempt all that much .
CASSANDRA 'S DREAM is a slow moving character thriller , that is n't always surprising , but for me was very involving . Woody has done it again !
Although McGregor and Farrell produce some occasionally spirited moments , particularly in the earlier scenes , they are little more than walking and talking schemes , their choices based entirely on socioeconomic impulses .
There is an effortless artistry in this film that may have deceived many . It looks like a trifle but it packs a punch .
Two years after Match Point , Allen delivers another London-set murder melodrama , with diminishing returns . -LSB- DVD -RSB-
The film stumbles in its convenient , obvious plot turns , even if much of this is meaningfully thought-provoking .
Farrell and McGregor try their best to infuse their shallow characters with potent dramatic spunk , but it 's basically Allen 's typical neurotic hand-wringing nerds with tacked-on British accents .
Acaba se boicotando graças ao desfecho simplista e artificial .
While Allen 's Match Point was an interesting switching of gears ... his new mantle of Patricia Highsmith-esque crime chronicler is wearing thin as well .
There are shivers of humor from time to time , but the mask in place here is the mask of tragedy .
Allen comes to the nature of God 's omnipresence so often , without varying on either his question or his answers , that his films have increasingly become copies of earlier works , degrading in quality further and further from the original with each successi
Cassandra 's Dream is not a top-notch Woody Allen film , but this dark drama is a worthy addition to the director 's career-long search for meaning in a world where randomness and cruelty often reign .
For those who remember -LSB- his Allen 's classic films -RSB- Cassandra 's Dream seems like the work of an imposter .
Like Match Point , -LSB- it -RSB- seems very sharp and focused ; for better or worse , it lacks the tangents that both lightened up and diffused the tone in Scoop . That also means that there 's not a moment of humor in it .
Cassandra 's Dream is second-rate Allen , but it 's still compelling thanks to its magnetic co-stars .
It 's not completely awful . But it lacks the necessary suspense and the only thing that really holds it together are the performances .
After making his best and smoothest drama -LRB- Match Point -RRB- in England , Woody Allen returns there for one of his most clueless and awkward .
Cassandra 's Dream lacks energy and spark . Monotonous and simplistic , it is definitely not worthy of Woody Allen .
McGregor and Farrell deepen this slight thriller into a film that feels almost grandly philosophical , even though you know that when the lights come on , the spell will break
A clutch of disturbingly weak performances stumbling over uncharacteristically terrible dialogue .
It 's alive with energy and ideas , not to mention good old-fashioned suspense and tragedy .
Allen , who stays behind the camera , brings too little wit and too much contrivance to material that quickly dissolves into warmed-over Dostoevski .
Woody Allen has a history of hits and misses in his directing career . His latest effort falls somewhere in between , although the film is actually a lot closer to his better work .
Farrell and McGregor deliver remarkably nuanced performances in and through their mundane one-dimensionality , taking average Joes and give them average strengths and weaknesses .
When it comes to wrapping up the story , Allen ca n't seem to make up his mind .
There 's still some snap in Woody 's writing , and still some sharpness to his black humor .
Nearing the end of his career , Woody Allen has become a hit-or-miss director with considerably more misses .
Not a bad film , but it does seem to be rather an unecessary one...middle-grade late Allen , which means watchable but little more .
Cassandra 's Dream is like a dream , all right -- a bad one , made by an aging filmmaker who , sadly , simply does n't have the same magic he once did .
Colin Farrell , Ewan McGregor , and Tom Wilkinson catch Woody Allen at the top of his game . The result is Allen 's best work to date , and Farrell 's best performance .
This is n't filmmaking ; it 's thesis defending .
Woody Allen 's style here is expressly Hitchcockian . The tensions mounted and the ability of the narrative to focus on particular elements that end up meaning nothing put this film in league with the master of suspense .
-LSB- Delivers -RSB- a sharply effective jolt of unease . It 's a pulp story pinned to the screen with an ice pick of conscience in a manner that would have pleased Allen 's idol , Ingmar Bergman .
A dreary tale of two loser brothers who agree to become assassins in exchange for financial help from their corrupt uncle .
-LSB- The film -RSB- forces its characters to ask themselves what they are able to live with and how far they are willing to go to attain personal happiness . It 's a worthwhile theme , except Allen has explored it before , in an infinitely more engrossing manner .
The tone feels all wrong .
If Frida Kahlo can paint 55 self-portraits , Woody Allen can make several versions of the same movie . It 's only fair .
There 's a deceptive simplicity to Woody Allen 's Cassandra 's Dream , a directness and clarity that 's too rare in modern filmmaking .
Funny thing about tragedy : It loses its heft when it has to keep reminding us how tragic it is . It 's hard to cozy up to a script that feels the need to toss in casual references to fate and Aristotle . Yo , we get it already . They 're doomed .
If all -LSB- Woody Allen -RSB- is going to do is grind out weak , Brit-accented genre pieces that pay homage to 1940s and '50s melodramas , he should n't waste the frequent-flier miles .
Allen has often been intrigued by the convolutions an ordinary person undergoes when faced with becoming a murderer .
Allen 's storytelling is crisper here than it has been all decade , even if he 's making shadow puppets out of the forewarnings .
Allen 's latest , his 42nd effort as a director , is the work of an artist devoid of ideas and energy . Perfunctorily staged and lazily written , it comes to life in only the briefest of spurts , usually when the ever-reliable Tom Wilkinson is on-screen .
Cassandra 's Dream , Woody Allen 's latest excursion to the dark side of human nature , is good enough that you may wonder why he does n't just stop making comedies once and for all .
Did Woody Allen kill somebody once ? Could somebody check and make sure Tony Roberts is OK ?
Allen does n't breeze through this biblical tale of wicked brothers without exploring all possibilities of guilt , and while it can make the whisky-soaked picture feel three days long , it does nothing to dilute the essential dread that Allen writes so well .
It 's nowhere near as good as Match Point , even if it does feel like a sequel to that brilliant film , but it 's also not nearly as bad as the more-recent Scoop or a dozen other Allen films .
The cast makes the most of Allen 's predetermined screenplay .
The identical premise is used in Sidney Lumet 's Before the Devil Knows You 're Dead , which is like a master class in how Allen goes wrong .
There 's not a believable character , nor line of convincing dialogue to be found .
The good news about Woody Allen 's `` Cassandra 's Dream '' is that it is nowhere near as bad as his recent string of duds . The bad news is that it is nowhere near as good as his best work .
If Cassandra 's Dream does n't have the heft of Match Point , mostly due to an ending that tries too hard , I 'd argue that it 's a much more human film .
Trying to balance the demands of his well-meaning motives with the requirements of the genre leaves Allen unsettled and ineffective , two words that encompass the creative drought evident in Cassandra 's Dream .
A surprisingly solid , expertly constructed crime drama .
Writer/director Woody Allen calls on everyone to be a bit too reserved , but Wilkinson and Farrell find ways around it
In this unrelenting and uncompromising film , Allen directs with the ease of a master
Woody is strip mining his old material - Cassandra 's Dream is a pallid retread of Match Point on a par with Hitchcock 's lesser exercises .
This family tragedy puts us somewhere near the edge of our seats and pulls us right along its downward spiral .
Allen 's austere , carefully plotted story is the opposite of a whodunit . It 's a why - and how-dunit .
Perched uncomfortably between thriller and melodrama , it 's a film that hints at possibilities that are left unfulfilled .
Woody Allen scores with suspenseful adult drama .
written with an archly intellectual perspective , but brought to poignant life by the actors
The slow but steady pace is cumulatively compelling , like the tightening of a noose .
Allen fumbles the execution of a decent setup , with an end to this downward spiraling tragedy that 's as puny as the filmmaker himself .
This no-fuss , bare-bones crime drama is old-fashioned in a way that 's crisp and refreshing ...
Cassandra 's Dream feels rote and inauthentic . Like so many late-period Allens , it leaves behind the feeling that he 's made this movie before , but better .
The impression that lingers is that of an artist clutching fast to yesterday 's inspirations .
This tale of two brothers wrenched apart when they act badly is really a testament to its stars , who in this film act very well , and with visible joy . They make working for Woody Allen into a promise fulfilled .
If you must see only one film about a family 's downward spiral into despair , it probably should be Before the Devil Knows You 're Dead , not Cassandra 's Dream .
It 's Allen himself who seems to have been cast adrift .
Farrell 's performance is the highlight in this uneven English blend of high drama and afternoon telly .
The latest London-based Woody Allen movie is marked by Colin Farrell 's best performance in years , and a sluggish , predictable script that covers some familiar crimes and misdemeanors .
The buildup here is gripping but the story falters as it grinds to an end .
It 's admittedly better than some of Allen 's DOA comedies of the past decade . To think that his weak attempt at a morality play represents some return to form , however , is a pipe dream .
As with Match Point , this is a glorified morality play , albeit with less poetic symbolism , shakier performances , predictable plot , and constricting dialogue
It 's wearying to watch Allen 's murder obsession when he does n't know how to dramatize morality .
With Cassandra 's Dream , we may finally be seeing confirmation of what many have suspected for years : that Woody Allen 's period of greatness as a filmmaker is over .
Are we supposed to be charmed , or shocked , by this ? Allen does n't seem to know .
-LSB- Farrell -RSB- has done his best work with this performance , and he may have a triumphant career before him as a character actor in difficult roles .
Me ton Phillip Glass na toy bgazei ti misi doyleia ap ' tin ihitiki mpanta , o Woody Allen rihnei mia diaforetiki matia sto thema toy thanatoy , anazitontas ton sto esoteriko toy zontanoy , meso tis allagis poy epiferei sto eksoteriko toy , i dolofonia tis ith
If the condescending Allen does n't offer a context for Ian and Terry 's behavior it 's because he feels covetousness is a given for the lower-class , and so Cassandra 's Dream is simply content reprimanding the brothers for not knowing their place .
Hopefully , Allen has finally gotten the UK out of his system with his latest substandard film .
Allen 's writing here is so lacking in vigor and purpose that much of the film seems to be on nothing more than autopilot , a faded and tissue-paper-thin retread from a filmmaker who should know better .
A mediocre Woody Allen drama about class , money , sex , and crime .
What the hell was Woody Allen thinking ?
With Match Point and now Cassandra 's Dream , Allen exposes the frailty of selfish desire and the compelling seduction of risk-taking behavior . He understands these emotions and has delivered two fascinating , enjoyable films .
Scottish McGregor and Irish Farrell are not convincing as Brit siblings in Allen 's pyschological thriller , which lacks irony or depth and ca n't decide how it wants to be taken by the audience , as melodrama , crimer , or serio-comic critique ?
A Scottish actor struggles with an Irish thesp to maintain a lower-middle-class London accent but Woody Allen succeeds in maintaining tension in mining melodrama territory .
This is archly contrived nail-biter territory and an almost giddy strain on our nerves as Allen moves his hapless heroes from bad to far worse .
An exceedingly well acted and sporadically electrifying little thriller .
Strong performances , especially from the never-better Farrell . This might be the first time I 've watched him and not been completely distracted by that big black caterpillar above his eyes .
If there is a black comedy hiding deep within the folds of this tragic tale , it is so subtly dissimulated that very few will ever manage to unveil it .
Like a tragic overture played at the wrong tempo and slightly off-key , Woody Allen 's London-set Cassandra 's Dream sends out more mixed signals than an inebriated telegraphist .
A fair but far from brilliant Woody Allen effort .




@highlight

Colin Farrell and Tom Wilkinson act up a storm in Cassandra 's Dream , but Woody Allen 's heavy-handed symbolism and foreshadowing drains the plot of all tension .