Timeless and more relevant than ever in the face of permanent US war against the world , Redacted has prophetically conjured a parallel US war , targeting journalists and filmmakers . And in an ironic case of redacting the director and his film as well .
Brian De Palma 's feature-length fictionalized polemic , Redacted , expresses its outrage with a ferocity that takes mainstream protest of the Iraq war into new territory .
The director 's concern is deeply felt , yet it is his old obsession , the camera 's unreliability , that still engages him the most
We 're being manipulated , and the irony is that the filmmaker is trying to prove how manipulated we are by the various interests around the Iraq war
Grant De Palma this much : At least he did not wait until 14 years after hostilities concluded to pull his catch-all war metaphor from the dark cupboard of his psyche .
Finally an Iraq War movie done right .
National Lottery money and Venice Film Festival Silver Lion awards should be going to much more thoughtful films than this .
The way De Palma stitches this multimedia montage into a damning narrative is cinema at its angry and exhilarating best .
Feels contrived and serves to highlight the limitations of the no-name cast .
An interesting failure , De Palma 's film starts well and has moments of exceptional power but ultimately loses itself in its rambling structure . If you have n't already seen it , you 'd probably be better off going back to De Palma 's Casualties Of War , which
Though the events are gruelingly -LRB- and graphically -RRB- recreated there 's a typical lack of emotional connection which might be forgivable in a thriller but utterly hobbles this supposed cri de coeur . An almost total failure then , but a noble one .
War was ever a Kubrick-ian hell-ride , futile , fundamentally unheroic and de-humanising , but now it 's mocked by a mad multimedia accompaniment innocent of all real ethical , moral and humanitarian value .
Abrave film for De Palma , obviously deeply felt , but the final scene - a steady collage of real pictures of victims of the conflict - offer a more visceral pull than anything that has gone before .
A very easy film to dismiss but there is more to it than meets the eye .
De Palma 's made a shattering true crime feel phony
Feels more like a polemic than drama . But at least it hammers home the message that under the right circumstances even the ` good guys ' can behave like monsters .
Calling the movie anti-soldier misses the despair with which DePalma views the troops ' situation .
De Palma 's efforts to make the film seem as ` real ' as possible only make it seem even less real when his mock-ups fail to approximate the things he 's trying to imitate .
But , no matter what its aesthetic and political virtues , it 's hard to imagine anyone wanting to put themselves through the experience of Redacted , particularly those who already ` get it . '
The film is so artificial that it feels like a mockumentary -LRB- i.e. a deranged black comedy -RRB- , and marks a low point in the career of De Palma .
As a manipulator of images and emotions , De Palma has few equals , and this is his most gripping film in at least a decade .
Has Brian De Palma ever made a movie that was about anything besides his love of his own filmmaking skill ?
You do n't have to be Bill O'Reilly or Michael Medved to receive De Palma 's incorporation of actual -LRB- although redacted -RRB- images from the war in Iraq at the end of this utterly surreal - and phony - picture show as obscene . It 's a war crime of a petty order
It 's condescending to the audience .
It 's hard to watch , and should be . But harder for other reasons . As an experiment in storytelling , it 's mainly tedious and phony .
Redacted , director Brian DePalma 's ugly little Iraq War movie , wastes an interesting approach on trite , crude and painfully superficial content .
It is simply so amateurish and overacted that it makes it impossible to become invested in the documentary-like reality De Palma hopes to achieve .
Brian De Palma 's documentary-style fiction film Redacted is a bristling act of protest that obliterates a target it is n't aiming for .
So obvious in its intentions that it screams ` teenager scamming for the car keys ' , Redacted fails to fully embrace the proposed genius of its premise .
Redacted is as much a cinematic experiment as a movie , a deconstruction of our ideas of objectivity , subjectivity , and the way we relate to screen characters .
Brian DePalma has written and directed a deeply anti-American film , and that should be acknowledged , embraced , and defended as one legitimate reading of our country in 2007 .
Perhaps nowhere outside pornography have you seen performances as stiff , amateurish and off-putting ... shattering every illusion of realism the film grasps after so fervently .
It 's a movie you should force yourself to see , as an American citizen because you 're morally obligated not to look away , or as a filmmaker because this is how you shoot war .
Interesting and surprisingly potent .
In all its frustrations , this might well be the first great film on the Iraq War .
Even in the most effective parts of Redacted , De Palma 's cast of newcomers lets him down .
It 's a shame that with the vast canvas of this seemingly never-ending conflict that this crap is the image De Palma wants to convey .
Even the rants against Redacted by that noxious blowhard Bill O'Reilly are n't quite reason enough to recommend it .
A crude , unbearably smug attempt to provoke outrage from a filmmaker desperate to be relevant again .
Perhaps Brian De Palma was too blinded by his undoubtedly fervent feelings about the Bush Administration 's bungling of the invasion and occupation to make an honest appraisal of his message movie 's abundance of technical flaws .
This film is kind of a mess . Even if you agree with its politics , you will probably weep at the ineptitude of it all .
The result is not only a messy and awkward montage of trendy ` new media ' lazily substituting for cinematography , it stretches credulity to tell this whole story , this intimately , in this same way , from so many angles .
De Palma 's indignation is palpable , but he shoots himself in the filmmaking foot with a showy , self-conscious style that 's more about the medium than the message .
It shows rare courage in protesting the widespread abuse of innocent Iraqis , but its pseudodocumentary form is full of awkward misfires and its acting is often terrible .
Where Casualties of War had the swooning formal elegance of an opium dream , Redacted adopts the fractured fitfulness of a seizure .
A repulsive movie , marred by grotesquely hammy acting and inscrutable presentation by Brian De Palma .
De Palma is extreme , visceral , usually in bad taste but almost always riveting .
More significant in its sense of purpose than its uneven execution .
Redacted is a provocative , multi-layered anti-war film whose power sneaks up on you .
The film is by turns strident , obvious , righteously angry and inspired .
Often powerfully engaging , and always deeply felt . And it marks the full-fledged return of a filmmaker long in artistic exile .
There are enough real documentaries about Iraq without having to make one up .
Even at its most blatantly manipulative , Redacted provokes a response of rage , disgust and anger . De Palma strives to ignite passion , and while some of that passion may end up directed at the film itself , Redacted is an antidote to apathy .
... this jumble of flat visual tones and wandering narrative focus leaves De Palma -- a man who knows where to put an actual movie camera and how to dance it around in an often dazzling manner -- in a creative straitjacket ...
Watching Redacted is a brutal , sometimes unforgivable experience . It is also almost mandatory , this incendiary look at the way truth is filtered through varying lenses in the middle of warfare a startlingly grotesque shock to the system .
The most disturbing and successful release since the start of the Iraqi war . Another anti-war film that may be too good for its own good .
The fact that the story De Palma has chosen is only partially true makes his more extreme decisions feel that much more sadistic .
Redacted could be as powerful as it is punishing if De Palma found a mode that he could excel in from start to finish .
The result of the film is shocking , saddening and frustrating .
I think it 's safe to suggest no other war could have produced a movie like this .
Shocking and deeply moving film about an incident in Iraq .
Redacted deliberately echoes Casualties of War , and the difference is startling .
A shattering and angry work of socially committed cinema that is one of the most emotionally devastating films of De Palma 's entire career
war porn for the cognoscenti .
There is a place for staunchly political cinema like Redacted , just as there is a place for any genre or personal perspective . In this case , it is the crude treatment of the material that spells its undoing .
Of all the war-themed pictures that have been released so far this fall , it stands apart , and it stands alone : Redacted is confrontational , rough , immediate and confounding .
Brian De Palma 's Redacted traffics in , and clearly means to provoke , strong , unbalanced emotions .
As an expression of from-the-gut anti-war rage , Redacted is admirable , but as art , it 's undercooked .
DePalma 's movie offers its own doctoring and processing , without delivering an ounce of real humanity -- good or bad -- in the bargain .
The concept is audacious but the actors are too theatrical .
Although Redacted has intensity and seriousness of purpose , it brings us no closer to , or even thoughtfully further away from , its subject .
It 's an effective experiment and a hackle-raising drama , and it 's far better controlled than De Palma 's last film , the flailing noir mess The Black Dahlia .
If righteous indignation was the most direct highway to art , Redacted would be his masterpiece .
Unless De Palma 's trying to be ironic -- and we 're quite sure he 's not -- a fictionalized story likely is n't the best way to show how real-life truths are concealed from the public .
DePalma takes a storytelling approach that 's both utterly unlike anything he 's ever done and remarkably effective at telling this particular story .
Redacted might have been more compelling if De Palma had redacted himself a bit -- if he had n't been so overt , if he 'd given us enough credit to think for ourselves and come to our own conclusions about these men and the choices they made .
Curiously , Mr. De Palma makes very little effort to comprehend the wrongdoers in his version of Iraq . Their vile language and clear class inferiority distance them from any pity or understanding from the average audience member .
Brian De Palma has achieved a fresh level of perspective ; the psychological wounds of war as seen through the eyes of the damaged and eternally damned .
The pretense of authenticity which all the sub-vérité stylings are meant to imply do n't lend much credibility to a film that could n't much be bothered with realism .
The most authentic thing about Redacted is the rage with which it was made .
It 's like a Max Fisher production of The War Tapes .
Redacted is hell to sit through , but I think De Palma is bravely trying to imagine his way inside an atrocity , and that he 's onto something powerful with his multisided approach .
Critics have called the movie crude and punishing . All right , the defense concedes all that , but the movie does a harrowing job of depicting the psychological toll of the occupation on both Iraqis and U.S. soldiers .
An interesting though sometimes infuriating exercise from the veteran director that -LRB- as usual -RRB- goes just that little bit too far .
If you 're trying to make us believe we 're watching ` reality ' by using a faux documentary style , you need actors who never look like they are acting , and this is where Redacted stumbles .
War may be hell , but in Brian De Palma 's mind , an unnecessary war is the seventh layer of hell . An effective docu-drama exposing what the director considers the true face of the Iraqi war .
Stereotyped characters , tame attempts at shock , and amateur actors doom `` Redacted '' as an unpolished movie about an important subject .
A scary and powerful fictional story based on real events that probes the violence behind the so-called collateral damage in the Iraq war .
Feels like the work of a director so righteously angry and so pleased with his formal experimentation that he does n't realize how painfully , inelegantly obvious he 's being .
Brian De Palma 's paradoxical take on the occupation of Iraq is as blatant as an open sore yet swathed in layers of formalist irony .
` Redacted ' is effective in atmosphere and in making a point , obvious as that is .
The characters are so classically stereotypical that an attack on the war reads as little more than an easy attack on soldiers that adds insult to injury
Despite De Palma 's honorable intent and film 's experimental nature , Redacted is an artistic disappointment , structurally messy , stereotypical in characters and lacking fresh insights about Iraq as particular war ; helmer did better with Casualties of War .
So much blood spilled over so little .
I do n't know when De Palma has ever been accused of being sincere , but Redacted feels to me as close as he 's ever come .
Poorly executed , poorly acted , and poorly imagined .
I tend to think that even bad De Palma -- movies like Snake Eyes and The Black Dahlia -- are still better than most of the tripe we have to sit through , so even if Redacted falls under that category , it 's still worth recommending .
There is nothing innovative about Redactive , either in form or in content .
The movie is a cry of national shame ; for -LSB- director -RSB- De Palma , it 's a new badge of honor for a wily old vet .
Deeply felt but dramatically unconvincing .










@highlight

Despite DePalma 's obvious commitment to the material and passion for the issues at hand , Redacted suffers from stereotypical characters and a forced faux-doc style .