Lovely
Proves it 's better to burn out , than to fade away .
Pleasant , but hardly pulse-quickening stuff .
Shows the famed songwriter 's performance and work off with reverance , and a faithfullness to the live experience .
The result is simply spellbinding .
... Even those who have n't followed Young 's every recent move could well find his performance here surprisingly captivating .
... Neil Young has experimented with film many times , but this is by far the most accessible cinematic treatment of his music ; a troubadour at the top of his game .
Young 's presence , his heartfelt delivery , and the audience 's fore-knowledge of his brain aneurysm add enough weight to make the film a surprisingly emotional experience
A potent brew of humanity , empathy , and dignity .
Regardless of what you call it , Heart of Gold is a revelation and one of 2006 's best movies .
Demme continues to make concert films not because he 's a fan , but because the concerts are inherantly cinematic and make perfect sense .
... The arrival of Neil Young : Heart of Gold should be an inspiration to music buffs and cinephiles alike .
The beauty of the movie is in how alive it all sounds : rich and rueful and satisfying .
The best moments in the film are when Ellen Kuras 's camera just sits there taking in the whole stage , the whole gorgeous ecosystem .
While his lyrics are n't complicated , both the words and the delivery reflect years of pain and anguish , particularly in seeing time pass , friends come and go .
As pure of a musical concert film as I 've ever seen .
The usual scope and spectacle of filmed concerts is done away with for a creation of intimacy .
Lets the music do the talking and that 's great as far as I 'm concerned : I love Young 's sound .
It does n't penetrate his craggy mystique , or make us hear his music in a new way . Instead , it 's the same old choir song .
It shows the whole of Young 's music as a well-worn mixture of brawn and grace . But it reveals the new Young album , Prairie Wind , as a sometimes musty echo of his 1972 acoustic-rock classic , Harvest .
Vividly captures Young 's greatness by simply letting him do his thing .
Casual fans may be lulled into drowsiness by the meandering quality of many of Young 's new songs , but his heartfelt commitment to the material is hard to deny .
You come away from the picture feeling as if you 'd learned something new about the wonder of music , and maybe the human spirit , too . There ca n't be a much higher recommendation for seeing it .
A work of dreamlike eloquence , that , like Young 's music , is both spare and rich .
Maybe it 's not better to burn out than fade away after all .
This chronicle of the human condition set to music will only rise in value and statue over time .
Demme makes you part of the experience in a way that few concert films truly achieve .
This Prairie Wind concert is one long sweet twang of wistful not-quite-regret .
The songs situate the performer within the continuum of not just family but music history ...
Every bit as laid-back and genial as the musician is himself .
Two masters -- musician Neil Young and filmmaker Jonathan Demme -- combine their considerable talents to make Neil Young : Heart of Gold a gem of a concert film .
When it comes to pop-music icons , Neil Young is the full package .
The all-acoustic , Young-unplugged concert is gilded in reverence but is appreciably lacking in , well , electricity ... Diehards will have to wait until the last 20 minutes for Young to mine his repertoire of golden 1970s hits .
There are no audience reactions and little behind-the-scenes footage -- just Young and his friends , making beautiful music .
... if you 're considering waiting to see it on DVD , do yourself a favor and go see it in the theater . It 'll be worth every penny .
... A touching and powerful film that deserves to be on the shortlist , along with `` Gim me Shelter , '' `` The Last Waltz '' and Demme 's own `` Stop Making Sense '' as one of the all-time great concert movies .
The most memorable and enjoyable concert movie since Stop Making Sense .
Neil Young : Heart of Gold turns the traditional concert film into an exquisite , intimate experience .
Heart of Gold feels like an ample slice of the real America , the one truly worth caring for . And it 's such a rare thing in this benighted age that the simple clarity with which it 's presented feels like nothing less than a miracle .
Some defiant rockers are forever young . This one is in name only .
Neil Young : Heart of Gold is one of the best live concert films ever made . If you like Neil Young , that is .
It does what the best movies of any genre do : turn the produced and scripted into something sincere and honest .
One of the new year 's most satisfying films .
Like its troubadour , Heart of Gold is smart and generous with its seeming simplicity .
Few artists are so adept at addressing the past and embracing the future all at once . And few recent films have so gracefully captured a musician at a specific point in his time .
Who is the star here , Neil Young or Hank William 's guitar ?
Neil Young : Heart of Gold , director Jonathan Demme 's lovingly shot document of Young 's August 2005 performances at the Ryman Auditorium in Nashville , has to rank among the most heartfelt concert films ever made .
What I 'm saying is that you do n't have to already be a fan .
All the apprehension and nostalgia in the music translates beautifully to the screen under Jonathan Demme 's direction .
There 's a poignancy hearing Young 's refrain , ` and I 'm gettin ' old , ' almost a quarter of a century later and a bit of awe that the voice sounds so much the same .
If you like Neal Young , you have to see this . There is no choice .
I could n't help but wish that as long as Young was making a new film with a top-tier director at the helm , he would have provided more insight into his life , as Martin Scorsese 's recent TV documentary did for Bob Dylan .
The concert film 's unifying force is , of course , Neil Young himself .
This immaculate filmmaking creates an engaging documentary that makes you forget that you 're missing the energy of a live show because it 's a completely cinematic experience with its own special energy .
Demme 's idea is to let the songs speak for themselves , and to give us a fly-on-the-wall view of Young 's intimate performance ... . One of the best concert films ever made .
Heart of Gold is the work of an egalitarian lover of music . Demme uses the camera as a divining rod , pointing at the man with the guitar .
If you 're looking for a piece of entertainment that 's a superlative showcase by and for one of popular music 's most iconic figures , search no further than Neil Young : Heart of Gold .
It 's movie and music bliss .
Heart of Gold -- filmed in much the same manner -LSB- as Stop Making Sense -RSB- , with pristine sound and a notable lack of audience shots -- is a deeper and infinitely more touching piece of work .
Demme knows just how to film a concert without resorting to short attention-span tricks .
It 's hard to film icons like Young as anything but icons , but Demme 's film gets past the legend , zooming in on Young 's aged , heroic face and finding an artist as human as the rest of us .
Demme maintains visual interest by shuffling the stage positions of the musicians , and changing the lighting design for each song .
All in all , a visual and musical feast .
Director Demme is smart and sensitive enough to sit back and listen to the music without attention-getting intrusions .
Demme 's camera gives us the best possible seats , seats that sometimes put us just a couple of inches from Young , and he makes sure Heart of Gold is a concert film that works both as a concert and a film .
It will be hard for any Young devotee not to succumb to the music , as Demme turns the movie theater into a concert hall .
It 's the most intimate concert picture I 've ever seen . Reading between the frets and chords , here 's a movie all about friendship and community .
This joins the ranks of really special concert films . Whether you 're a fan of Neil Young or not , do n't miss ` Heart of Gold . '
`` Neil Young : Heart of Gold '' is a beautiful film . It will be a delight to existing fans and will surely convert new ones .
A gorgeous and often moving film that perfectly captures the essence of Neil Young 's acoustic work .
Mentions of his recently deceased father and college-age daughter give the film a sad , retrospective feel , but , by the final curtain , what could have been a heartbreaking farewell becomes a gently triumphant welcome home .
A love letter to the consistency , and the familiarity , of that voice .
Young returns to the screen in peak form in Jonathan Demme 's warm and surprisingly intimate concert film .
A film that is both a celebration and a wistful look back .
Neil Young is endlessly watchable in this concert film but more context -- that is , interview time with the man -- would have been welcome .
Another snapshot of his fabled career that 's of little interest to anyone outside his many fans .
Both poignant and stirring , Neil Young : Heart of Gold is a must-see for all fans of Young , the alt-country pioneer whose genre-spanning career has encompassed everything from folk to hard rock to electronica .
In his new concert film , though , Neil Young : Heart of Gold he shows his age . And embraces it .
A schmaltzy filmed record of a Nashville concert given by the legendary former rocker , who has morphed into the new Kenny Rogers .
Dropping in amusing anecdotes and tender memories , a deeply reflective Young revisits -- and often reinterprets -- both his recent and classic work .
A stirring and profoundly moving record of Young 's first public performance of this batch of new songs . But it 's more than that . It 's a testament to Young 's poetic lifetime of survival and a heartfelt public acknowledgment of -LSB- his -RSB- family and friends .
It 's hard to go wrong with Jonathan Demme behind the camera and Neil Young at the mike , but somehow Heart Of Gold leaves you wondering if perhaps that gold is merely gilt .
Pure concert gold , via Jonathan Demme .
It 's the record of a life , a musical and spiritual autobiography , and as directed by Jonathan Demme it taps into the kind of unashamed , unsentimental emotion that 's become increasingly rare in films of any kind .
The mesmerizing , heart-tugging concert film Heart of Gold confirms Neil Young 's stature as a national treasure .
Jonathan Demme 's concert film captures Neil Young in a ruminative state of mind at Nashville 's storied Ryman Auditorium , original home of the Grand Ole Opry .
To see and hear Neil Young : Heart of Gold is like soaking in a warm tub filled to the brim with luxuriant , life-restoring music .
This impressive documentary is Neil Young 's trip down memory lane in an enchanting concert in Nashville .
But this new concert movie is also a warm , unhurried paean to the considered pains and pleasures of middle age .
Demme understands this genre intimately ; he recognizes that the concert film requires more than just haphazardly pointing the camera at the musicians .
One might call Neil Young : Heart of Gold soothing , even becalmed , but mellowness and ripeness , when they exist at this high level of craft , should have their season , too .
Young , wizened yet valiant , his voice still braying at the moon , delivers these songs of aging and loss as if caught in a beautiful dream of what lies waiting for him on the other side .
It 's a sentimental show , sure , but Young 's pantheistic hymns to family , friendship , and ` the time we share together ' are nothing if not heartfelt . Turns out it 's better to fade away after all .
This is more than a movie , it 's a privilege .
The concert film has never looked or sounded classier than Jonathan Demme 's superbly crafted Neil Young : Heart of Gold .
This smart , aesthetically understated concert film from Jonathan Demme will transport Young 's legions of baby boomer fans back to the future , as 1969 re-invents itself in 2005 for Young .



@highlight

Proving that it 's neither better to burn out nor fade away , Neil Young : Heart of Gold works both as a concert film and a meditation on mortality .