Lelouch 's splintered narrative , mostly related in flashback , plays games with the characters without delivering much of a payoff .
Stylist Claude Lelouche -LRB- A Man and a Woman -RRB- is still full of surprises in his choice of genres and subjects .
The air of Gallic nonchalance ensures you have a lot of fun watching Pinon and Ardant match wits . It 's Dana , however , who anchors the story .
An engaging , enjoyable slice of suspense from the French .
Is it supposed to be funny , tragic or what ? Even the characters do n't seem too sure .
There 's a lushness and emotional charge here that makes this very watchable . Do n't expect poetry , though ; it 's more like a good crossword puzzle .
It 's surprising , enthralling , intriguing , blackly droll , and a rattling good yarn .
Red herrings abound and audience frustration sets in . It 's a pity because the film looks good and the Gilbert Becaud songs on the soundtrack are easy on the ear .
It 's filled with intriguing characters , it has a fascinating initial premise -- and then it runs off the rails .
The thriller elements that become the crucial threads in the third act are a bit clunky and the resolution is not convincing , either dramatically or romantically , but the film is nonetheless an entertaining journey
Lelouch surprises us at every turn and we never know where the story is going to take us .
It 's too bad you ca n't shove a new theatrical release into your beach bag , as if it were a well-worn paperback .
Lelouch is now 71 years old , and I bet he 's never had as much fun with a film . Roman de Gare threads plots and characters and twists together like a demented weaver .
The ever-appealing Fanny Ardant and the enigmatic , pug-faced character actor Dominique Pinon have many subtle delights up their sleeves , and newcomer Audrey Dana is a revelation .
... about the creation of fiction , the way we spin lies together into a simulacrum of life - if there 's any philosophical point of view beyond that it 's that every narrative is necessarily an abridgment of truth .
What 's especially clever about the plotting is that anything that proves to be merely a red herring is then incorporated into another storyline .
If this kind of storytelling is your cup of absinthe , Claude Lelouch makes it easy to sip appreciatively .
In many ways , Lelouch 's film is -- in its somewhat old-fashioned way -LRB- which is n't a pejorative -RRB- -- the most bracing dose of cinema I 've seen all year .
Provides one of the year 's more memorable movie moments : a simple shot of a barn , overlaid with both the soothing crooning of a Gilbert Becaud pop song and the terrified squeals of a hog being slaughtered .
Even if the game is n't entirely successful , it 's fun to play along .
It 's intellectually cagey , potentially romantic , and , above all , an entertaining puzzle box of duplicitous people doing mysterious things , men and women .
Roman de Gare is a sleek , attractive package made even more appealing by a trio of exquisite performers .
As fizzy and non-nutritive as a glass of sparkling wine , Roman de Gare is a crowd-pleasing blend of romance , farce and mystery that plays out a little like a Ruth Rendell mystery novel with Rendell herself as the chief suspect .
Forty years after his breakout success as a filmmaker , Claude Lelouch makes something of a comeback with his playful and sexy whodunit , Roman de Gare .
Roman de Gare is the rare trick film in which all the tricks reveal something amusing , involving or poignant about its characters .
With elements of road movie , thriller and comedy as well as other genres , Tracks possesses a freewheeling appeal .
Lelouch and his longtime writing partner , Pierre Uytterhoeven , slyly exploit and subvert audience expectations .
Lelouch has a wicked yet playful sense of humor .
You 'll be wondering if you 've inadvertently stumbled into a David Mamet movie , it 's that well done .
Entertaining despite nearly fatal plot holes .
I think I understand the alternative realities of the plot , and I concede the loose ends are tied up , sort of , but I did n't care .
Do n't go to the theater expecting too much and you ca n't help but leave with a smile on your face .
Lelouch 's deft touch with various cinematic styles , however surface , enables him to interweave pastoral elegy , quirky social comedy and thriller with fluid ease .
The movie is more entertaining than it is logical ; its narrative leaps are sometimes ahead of our ability to believe them . But as the compellingly enigmatic Pierre , Pinon keeps us rapt .
An ingenuous knot of plot , expertly tangled , in which nothing is quite what it seems .
Stylish thriller a return to form for New Wave vet Lelouch .
Pinon and Dana are so striking together .
If you 're willing to go along with it , as I was , then being manipulated -- or at least actively misled -- becomes a pleasure .
Compellingly paced , grandly acted , glossily photographed and often as entertaining as some guilty-pleasure Lana Turner melodrama of the '50s .
Succeeds as a mystery , comedy and romance in unexpected ways .
This goofy tale of self-emancipation , a love story made by a mature man wise to the possibilities of the improbable , is also a thriller with an unexpectedly dark edge .
... delightful and intriguing ...
It 's the smartest and best suspense movie you 're likely to see for a while .
Thanks to the able cast and crisp cinematography , it 's mostly unpretentious and reasonably entertaining .
A glossy , enjoyable thriller that is n't quite as tricky or Hitchcockian as it wants to be , Roman de Gare gets by on high style and nice central performances by rubber-faced Dominique Pinon and Audrey Dana .
Claude Lelouch 's ode to the ` train station novel ' is a perfectly balanced genre blend of romance and suspense thriller that shifts gears like an Aston Martin on Route One .
A sly catalog of deceits and a gentle commentary on slippery creativity and desire .
There 's no depth or resonance to what happens in the picture ; it 's all surface effect . But that does n't mean it is n't reasonably enjoyable .
In quite a balancing act , -LSB- Lelouch -RSB- has written a script that 's a thriller , somber romantic comedy , and , for the first half , a tense road movie .
Lelouch 's film is the cinematic equivalent , enjoyable fluff that your mind will discard after the closing credits -- but worth seeing nevertheless .
The story 's Hitchcockian plot loses steam quickly , though Pinon 's salty presence keeps things from getting totally bloodless .
-LSB- Director Lelouch -RSB- does n't really move much beyond his usual glib panache here , but the plot is intriguing and so are the actors .
The twists and convolutions of the film 's beginning and end enable a middle that is dizzying domestic comedy .
filmmaking for filmmaking 's sake .
Roman De Gare 's neatest trick is -LSB- Dominique -RSB- Pinon 's performance , which draws out a hitherto unseen leading-man allure .
Despite the superb acting and wonderfully sly dialogue , Roman de Gare ca n't tie all its bows neatly enough to be truly satisfying .
Despite all my reservations , I think it is worth seeing , though I do not approve of all the trickery involved .
A playful , delightful , and surprising exploration of love 's mysterious ways .
Though Lelouch has toned down his penchant for putting pretty pictures ahead of plot , there 's still a nagging sense of disposability .
I ca n't say that I love all of Roman De Gare , but it is worth reporting that the first half of the film is nearly perfect -- a master 's piece .
-LSB- Lelouch -RSB- masterfully switches tone without missing a beat and has truly created a masterpiece that can only get better the more times it 's watched .
Where 's Agatha Christie when you need her ?
The term ` Hitchcockian ' has become overused in recent years , but here is a movie to which it deserves to be applied .
The problem with Roman de Gare is that the tale grabs you more than the telling .
A diverting but cool suspense puzzler whose payoff proves to be smaller and more mundane than its twisty , fluid setup .
With a winning combination of tension , romance and humor and picturesque locations from Paris to Burgundy 's vineyards to the seashore at Cannes , the film is a Francophile 's feast .
Director Lelouche has a ball playing games with the audience , tossing out red herrings , genre-bending with murder and romance .
Claude Lelouch has concocted an intriguing brew with Roman de Gare , which only grows in interest and emotional depth as it proceeds .
It 's vintage Lelouch , a cinematic page-turner racing from chic winery to hardscrabble farm to sleek yacht on the Mediterranean .
Infectiously enjoyable .
Self-financed pic , which opens in Gaul on June 27 , wo n't do much to win Lelouch any new fans at home or abroad . But it should amply please the old ones .




@highlight

Claude Lelouch has crafted an engaging thriller about murder and romance with plenty of stylistic panache .