A definitive , deeply felt look at this tragic and troubled talent .
The results are slick and accomplished , but fail to present any real answers .
A heartbreaking and eye-opening look into celebrity culture . Reveals the iconic singer 's downfall with admiration and insight .
Kapadia is smart and decent enough not to try and contain Winehouse 's biography within the cliché of self-destructive impulses , especially because the concept is just not broad enough to contain her life story .
The sad irony of this powerful doco is that one of the very things that contributed to her untimely death is one of the very things that makes the doco so incredible .
If there 's a conclusion to be drawn , it 's simply that Winehouse 's talent came from the same part of her soul as her demons , a conundrum that she did n't live long enough to reconcile .
Amy is an impressive piece of work , largely due to the editing , which manages to make even the most mundane bits of archive footage utterly compelling and emotionally captivating .
Guys , after watching the 128-minute film , I can honestly say that I have never seen a documentary that has turned me off so much as this one has .
It 's a shockingly sad film , a reminder that great artists are often troubled beings and that the pop world is not a safe place for them .
If you 're a fan of documentaries , the film is worth seeing -- even if you are n't a fan of Winehouse 's music -- because it 's a remarkable piece of curation .
Amy shows us the vibrant and all-too-vulnerable person behind the tabloid caricature , and will make you hate yourself for ever having laughed at Jay Leno or the many other comedians who used her as the butt of a cheap joke .
The film will leave you feeling exhausted -- it 's vibrant , haunting and , I 've probably overused it , but also overwhelmingly sad .
Amy is a tough watch , but you must .
Tawdry ... the perfect documentary for an age of leering , intrusive celebrity culture , and enthusiastic , gossipy prurience .
Kapadia 's documentary -- which uses home video , archival footage , and clips of concerts and old and new interviews -- feels a bit like a horror film , except the inescapable monster is fame .
The gift of seeing ` Amy ' is to witness such a blindingly bright talent , and to realize you do n't ever want to be that famous .
Amy is a biographical documentary of the singer Amy Winehouse , but it is also a horror film . Watching it is like watching a ghost , a confused , tortured ghost of a woman who has boundless talent in singing and none in living .
A cautionary tale of celebrity culture and the ruinous power of the media , and a gentle reminder that society really should look after people like Winehouse as cultural treasures , rather than tear them down for the sake of tomorrow 's tabloid headlines .
-LSB- Amy paints -RSB- a picture of a troubled person for whom success failed to fill a hole in herself and who , just before her death , became a punchline for comedians .
What a voice . What a waste .
Whether you loved her music or loathed her presence in the tabloids , Amy is a film that lingers long after you 've left the cinema .
A cinematic shaming ...
Even if it 's told in an entertaining way , Winehouse 's personal life is not enough to justify a two and a half hour film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Asif Kapadia manages to create an honest portrait of Amy Winehouse without having to use any narration or off voice . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It does n't give us any more insight into what drove this phenomenally talented young woman to self - destruct at such a young age .
A devastating , infuriating and sometimes breathtaking watch .
Watching this documentary was like listening to an orchestra tune itself . After awhile , you want the conductor to appear .
Fascinating in a voyeuristic way . A demonstration beyond doubt that celebrity is as life-threatening as the bite of a Black Mamba .
Captures the spectators attention with Winehouse 's music and her downfall in which Asif Kapadia denounces how cruel and decadent the media can be . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Amy Winehouse 's story is a tragic one , and a familiar one . This film sets her apart from other , similar entertainers who died young , but not far enough .
As concerned with perceptions as it is a cautionary tale about the nature of modern fame , the profoundly depressing Amy is not the last word on Amy Winehouse but , for now , it is hard to see how it could be bettered .
One of the country 's great musical icons gets a fittingly superb documentary .
The film pays tribute to a great performer , leaving little doubt that she possessed one of the great jazz voices of all time .
As sad as Winehouse 's story may be , Amy is gorgeous and provocative , too .
Director Asif Kapadia ... rounds up revelatory , even joyous footage and interviews . The film he 's assembled from them is a heartbreaking portrait of a major talent with her fair share of demons , which only haunted her more once she became a star .
A melancholy deconstruction of the rise and demise of a talented but troubled pop diva .
Amy is a celebration of all she accomplished as well as a cautionary tale about the grave price to be paid for not getting an addict the help they need .
The words of `` Stronger Than Me '' reverberate through this devastating film ... we ca n't help but wonder if things would have turned out very differently had Winehouse 's family , friends , lovers , collaborators and business partners been a little stronger .
The film 's most obvious and honest bet is to show us the artistic strenght of -LSB- Amy -RSB- Winehouse . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Watching Kapadia 's film , it is possible to see how badly she was let down by the male figures closest to her .
. . it 's the music that suddenly feels monumental because somewhere in that dark stream of rolling notes and rumbling minors , we can hear the eternal soul of human sadness turned , for a brief moment , into something undeniably beautiful .
Instead of opting to go for the sensationalist route , Kapadia 's take on Amy 's life is very respectful . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A great-but-flawed look at a great-but-flawed woman .
Good , if it was n't that bad . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A reflexive and revealing telling of Amy Winehouse 's carreer . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Amy could have included a couple of complete songs . But U.K. director Asif Kapadia makes the case for her greatness , and her downfall , almost entirely through her own actions .
There remains the shock of how quickly Winehouse went from the sly , bright-eyed sprite of friends ' home videos to the strung-out wretch beleaguered by fusillades of paparazzi flash bulbs .
This profoundly sad documentary is one of the year 's best .
Kapadia masterfully does n't accuse anyone of anything , but allows the footage -LRB- which is organised in strictly chronological order -RRB- to speak for itself .
Amy Winehouse made magnificent music , but the same impulses that drove her to create it also destroyed her . There 's an overused word that nevertheless applies to her life and this film : tragic .
Her voice is amazing . Her delivery is original . She demands a recognition of her suffering .
In-your-face intimate , a tragic rise and fall lit by paparazzi flashbulbs .
If the intent of `` Amy '' is to strike an empathetic chord in your heart , then the filmmakers give us a symphony .
This mesmerizing , meticulously crafted and moving film offers a reminder that , before the people she trusted allowed her to become a punch line , Winehouse was a serious talent . With Amy , Kapadia sets the record straight .
There are a couple of scenes in Asif Kapadia 's new Amy Winehouse documentary , Amy , that make the fame-industrial complex seem rock-bottom awful .
An extremely powerful and emotionally resonant work , and a stirring testimony to the unique talent and unrealized potential of Amy Winehouse .
Amy offers no shocking revelations or critical evaluations of the singer , her life and music . It 's mostly a celebratory work , laced with the acidic realization that nobody wanted to be a speed bump on the singer 's road to self-demise .
-LSB- Reveals -RSB- a Winehouse who seems shocking not for her addictions -LRB- so eagerly reported , so shamefully mocked -RRB- but for a lifelong ingenuousness .
Culling from a variety of disparate sources , director Asif Kapadia assembles a portrait -LRB- illustrating -RRB- her consistency of character .
This intimacy presented in the film is at moments utterly captivating , pleasing to our eyes and ears .
A powerful , but not always comfortable portrait of a seemingly inevitable tragedy told with uncommon immediacy .
The film got me fuming about the meat-grinder of modern stardom in our garbage popular culture , the way we toss in these defenseless kids and then amuse ourselves to no end as they 're shredded .
A harsh reminder that our idols are ultimately only people with the same vulnerabilities we all have
Most appealing is that those of us who somehow chose to ignore Winehouse 's profound musical style when she was alive can now in her death learn to cherish what her fans have loved all along the way .
It not only puts a human face on a woman who late-night comedians reduced to a punchline , it also helps us understand why she fell so irreparably apart under the mounting pressure to feed the beast that became her celebrity .
One of the central tragedies dissected in Amy is that Winehouse loved two vile , reprehensible men -- her father and her husband -- to such a degree that she allowed them to continually use her and abuse her .
A brilliant , sympathetic portrait of celebrity and addiction and the warts in between .
A powerful , and powerfully sad , experience .
Amy Winehouse 's star shines so brightly in Amy , a treasure trove of found footage of the late artist .
Fans will appreciate this immersive documentary .
A mesmerizing yet devastating look at a singular talent .
If you 're a fan of her music , you would n't want to miss this .
You 'll leave with a renewed appreciation for a once-in-a-generation talent and a sense that the woman you just watched for two hours was complicated and important , bigger than life but undeniably human .
It 's Amy 's words , her music , her voicemails , her home videos , her friends , her family , her tormentors , and her timeless incandescence . Look , listen and weep .
Heavy with grief and the knowledge that a daughter , friend and musical genius has been lost , `` Amy '' is a tough watch .
It should serve as a sobering lesson for any young person whose dreams of music-fueled stardom are not tempered by an awareness of the accompanying dangers .
Devastatingly compelling docu about talent gone too soon .
Plenty of folks praise Winehouse in `` Amy . '' But no one was there to save her . Perhaps it was n't possible . But perhaps it was .
It 's a sad story , and Asif Kapadia 's documentary tells it without narration or commentary . Instead there 's a brilliantly edited succession of interviews and performances and news footage that glides through her charmed , doomed life .
The film is often uncomfortable to watch , prompting that little voice inside each of us to scream out `` Somebody help her ! ''
One thing is for certain : It will be much harder to hear that handful of powerful , lush , carnal songs on Back to Black without the wallop of melancholy .
`` Amy '' does n't depart from the standard behind-the-music template , but it does deepen the format immeasurably , through the intimacy of its archival materials and the focus of its approach .
The film is remarkable not just for the immense talent there to see in Winehouse 's performances , but the fact that there is so much to see .
`` Amy , '' Asif Kapadia 's documentary about the short , tragic life of British retro soul singer Amy Winehouse , is a heartbreaker .
In a way , Amy gives Winehouse a final act of defiance -- to force us to see her for who she was , instead of what everyone wanted her to be .
Kapadia 's illuminating , compassionate and tragic doc goes way up and way , way down with the gone-too-soon Amy Winehouse .
A loving but honest portrayal of a doomed talent .
Amy presents the singer in a way that makes her death seem at once inevitable and yet heartbreakingly avoidable . Viewers may feel the desire to reach out , take this fragile woman by the shoulders and shake some sense into her .
The movie 's inevitable outcome leaves you with an air of lingering shame -- like the stench of burnt computer wiring .
Kapadia and King provide some worthy insights about the damaging effects of celebrity on psychologically fragile individuals . And the music is fantastic .
The director got his hands on a staggering amount of video footage , much of it shot by Winehouse 's friends and family through the years , offering an up-close , unguarded view of the singer at various stages and in varying states of awareness .
The film could be used as a primer for anyone who wants to prove drugs and alcohol destroy you when used in excess .
A technically proficient portrait that aims to be appreciative of the singer 's talent and sympathetic to her problems while not papering over the destructive elements of her personality .
It 's a work of profound empathy , artfully demonstrating that Winehouse was ultimately undone by her insistence on living hard so she could write sad songs . Great songs , sure . But so very , very sad .
To his credit , -LSB- director Asif -RSB- Kapadia allows the murk of recollected events to complicate matters , and everyone gets their say .
Amy may not be the definitive version of Amy Winehouse 's life , but it feels like it is . In documentary , that 's what counts .
It 's hard to watch . And even harder to look away .
In Kapadia 's assured and careful hands , the film becomes less a portrait of a tragic artist , whose downward spiral was exacerbated by opportunistic family members and colleagues , than a discomfiting mirror held up to her audience .
The best music documentary in a decade , it 's heartbreaking - but essential - viewing .
What I know is this : By the time the film nears the end , I appreciated and respected Amy Winehouse considerably more than I had before .
A full sense of her existence is missing , traded for artful execution and a vague understanding of Amy Winehouse 's volatile headspace .
The gut-wrenching Amy is , in the end , as much an indictment of our celebrity-obsessed -LRB- global -RRB- pop culture as it is of the perils of rampant success arriving unexpectedly fast , tires squealing and driving a hearse .
`` Amy '' is a film about the waste of a great talent , and you dread the inevitable ending .
There 's too much of an `` Are we all at fault for Amy 's death ? '' argument being posed that does n't hold up .
Even if you followed Amy Winehouse 's career , it 's hard to keep from crossing your fingers for a different ending while watching Amy .
A sad air of familiarity and a creeping sense of ghoulishness conspire to sink Asif Kapadia 's Amy ...
You do n't need to be a fan of British singer Amy Winehouse to be moved by the documentary Amy , a devastating examination of the deadly effect that celebrity culture , media and drugs can have on artists .
Amy allows for a kinship with a modern fallen star that few films manage , one that is sometimes uncomfortable and often every bit as voyeuristic as the cameras that hounded her in life .
Separates fame and success , person and star .
Amy is one of the most important , tragic and compelling documentaries I have ever seen . If you have a chance to see this in theaters , I say go , go , go .
It 's hard to imagine another film coming closer to truly explaining the tragic enigma that was Amy Winehouse .
It has n't been that long since her death , but Amy feels timeless , partly because of Winehouse 's intoxicating sound and partly because her tale has become an unfortunate norm in the creative world .
What happened to Amy Winehouse is like the old-time London sport where you throw a terrier into a pit of rats .
Watching Amy is a torturous but endlessly hypnotic experience .
Despite the ending , which we know even before we buy our tickets , Amy is not a depressing movie . Winehouse put her torn-up feelings and genre samplings inside perfect Brill Building song structures . Kapadia pulls off a similar feat .
A blinding , blistering , flash-of-lightning documentary .
The ugly unraveling of Winehouse 's life infuriates and saddens anew , as Kapadia 's poignant documentary reminds viewers of what was and what might have been , but was ultimately , tragically never to be .
`` Amy '' makes you wonder about a lot of things , one being the oldest cliche in show business - the one about the high price of notoriety , whether you have the money to cover the bill or not .
Enveloping , harrowing , even revelatory documentary ... a musical , a tragedy , and a major mash-note -LSB- to -RSB- a woman who was not so much an addict as someone consumed by feelings , the need to express them , and by brutally intense sensations of love .
Like Kurt Cobain 's doc , the movie 's foundation is video of unflattering behavior filmed by , or with the consent of , the subject , another by-product of video narcissism ; what is fun can later be evidence , or for these doomed musicians , an epitaph .
Another affecting rush of archival footage , like Senna , but this one has a more interesting , sometimes troubling relationship between the footage and the subject .
Brutally honest , lovingly made biographical documentary chronicling the rise , fall , recovery and relapse of Amy Winehouse , modern music 's most tragic talent ... A compelling , absolutely heart-breaking portrait .
Disturbing and disconcerting , following this talented pop idol on her deadly downward spiral ...
A welcome and much-needed corrective .
Confessional with punchlines - that 's how Amy Winehouse described her songwriting , providing the key to Asif Kapadia 's sober , unsensational and overwhelmingly sad film about her short and volatile life .
A harrowing and heartbreaking , ultimately very sad documentary look at the life and death of Amy Winehouse , a singer in the mold of the all time greats who let the dark side of fame get the better of her .
An overwhelmingly tragic and absorbing portrait piece .
This is a warts and all movie that is shocking and sad , even if you know the story , a film you will remember long after others have faded .
A highly absorbing , sensitively told and ultimately devastating documentary directed by Asif Kapadia .
Amy gives ample evidence of the brilliance of its subject 's massive talent and it respects her by leaving her an enigma , allowing the viewer to decide whether the blazing star could have been saved from chaos and ruin . What a loss .
As with his Formula One documentary Senna , filmmaker Asaf Kapadia cleverly uses archival footage to explore the wrenching story of Amy Winehouse .
Watch alongside Montage of Heck and just feel miserable about what the world missed out on but be thankful of what they left behind .
Moving , sobering and heartbreaking , providing us with a non-judgemental film about a young woman who endured more than her fair share of judgement .
This painful , essential film refuses to flinch from the culpability of all in the tragic demise of a singer of unparalleled ability .
-LSB- An -RSB- accomplished , quietly devastating documentary ...
A worse candidate for fame and fortune can hardly be imagined .
`` All I 'm good for is making tunes , '' she tells one interviewer . `` So leave me alone to do that . '' Her time ran out far too early , but the luck is all ours - we still have the voice .
Less than a minute into the film and I 'm already choking back tears .
One of Mr. Kapadia 's most inspired strokes in this valuable documentary is to put her lyrics on screen as she sings them , so we can see for ourselves the essential elements of her songs as they reflected , and intertwined with , her tumultuous life .
It is clear that Kapadia adores her , and wishes to honour her story by telling it without flinching .
Watching `` Amy '' is like seeing the devastation wrought upon Judy Garland by the entertainment industry concentrated by a factor of 10 . Kapadia shines a new light on the artist and it 's impossible to come away unmoved .
Despite the bittersweet irony of the story of her life being constructed from the news media 's and her acolytes ' cataloging of her self-destructive nosedive , there 's a heartbreaking immediacy and authenticity in its telling .
Along with interviews and/or voiceovers from family , friends , exploiters , enablers and others , there is killer performance and studio footage and home movie material of Amy as a child and teenager .
awash in sorrow and bleakness ... does n't revel in tear-wringing tragedy
Like all theories , the doc 's `` truth vs. phoniness '' narrative has a few blind spots .
If only this film had n't been so desperate to shoehorn in all the drama and had examined a more esoteric slice of her life , we might have come away with a more intimate portrait that merited such a familiar title .
There are no answers . I know only that there wo n't be any new songs , ever , and that , painful as this is , you wo n't be able to look away .
The speed of her fall now appears dizzying and terrible . Or was it rather the speed of her ascension ?
-LSB- An -RSB- unpredictably graceful film -LRB- given its sometimes ugly material -RRB- .
Amy is a clear-eyed , deeply empathetic view of Winehouse , whose huge talent and sudden fame made too many forget she was still just a vulnerable young woman in serious need of help .
Kapadia provides a heartbreaking reminder of what we lost when we lost her .
Mr. Kapadia is n't simply revisiting Ms. Winehouse 's life and death , but also - by pulling you in close to her , first pleasantly and then unpleasantly - telling the story of contemporary celebrity and , crucially , fandom 's cost .
Amy is alternately thrilling and devastating , throwing you back and forth until the devastation takes over and you spend the last hour watching the most supernaturally gifted vocalist of her generation chase and find oblivion .
Winehouse was a complicated artist who deserved a nuanced , honest look at her life . In lesser hands , Amy could be a feature-length E! True Hollywood Story , but Kapadia treats his subject with respect and heart .
Amy firmly reiterates that `` celebrities '' are no different from the rest of us . Fame and fortune does n't exempt you from the effects of addiction and depression .
But the voyeurism that Kapadia managed to evade with Senna becomes inescapable in Amy , with the story having the added weakness of feeling warmed-over thanks to Winehouse 's extensive media exposure while her travails were unfolding .
Amy is more than a great doc . It is a shot to the solar plexus .
What lasting resonance Amy does achieve has less to do with the story that Kapadia assembles and more with the real-life moments he uses as building blocks .
-LSB- When -RSB- she 's on the screen , it is impossible to turn away . Indeed , this was always part of the problem .
Amy is foremost a political documentary , concerned with how a person 's individualism is pressured and dissolved by corporations and commercial expectations .
The result may be depressing , but the performance footage balances it with rousing evidence of Winehouse 's eternal talent .
It 's clear the smart , passionate singer knew her own mind - and the consequences of what she was doing to her body . But her tragic end , and the highly publicized chaos leading up to it , shows self-awareness was n't enough .
Best used as a gutting portrayal of a lifeforce who would have been better off not being the kind of person who earns a film like ` Amy . '
An immense film , looming in tragedy , an infuriating portrait of how celebrity warps artistry and how wealth warps love and how suffering trumps everything .
A post-mortem on the singer 's short , unhappy life , that finds and names its villains .
Anyone with a beating heart will be forgiven for allowing it to break during this unflinching and thoughtful account of the life and death of the soul singer .
A tribute and less an exposé-although it is that , too ... One of the few who comes off well here is Tony Bennett , ever a gentleman .
Amy is a powerful film . Like the lyrics of her songs , it 's the personal nature of this fly-on-the-wall documentary about singer Amy Winehouse that makes it so special
A raw look at Winehouse without any excuses .
You ca n't help but wonder how many more powerful documentaries like Amy will come about before society changes for the better , but here we are , yet again mourning a loss at the hand of the poisonous celebrity culture .
A vibrant , haunting documentary , and a poignant tribute to a free spirit .
With old-school detail , depth and research , Kapadia teases out the human from the headlines until her tragedy guts you .
By the close of play you feel like you knew Amy yourself , similarly to Senna when you witness the final events and find yourself moved in a way you had n't expected .
A shattering documentary about a silenced voice .
Kaspadia uses audio interviews , scraps of unseen TV footage and grainy videos shot on phones and camcorders to show us a side of the star most of us never got to know .
For the most part , the documentary succeeds in conveying a galvanizing sense of what made Winehouse so immediately engaging .
An utterly heartbreaking and compelling experience ...
Despite the sheer depth , intimacy and extent of the footage used , Winehouse 's story is presented with a delicacy and even-handedness .
Punchy , provocative and just plain sad , whether you 're a fan of Winehouse 's music or not , Amy is a film you 'll be thinking about for days after .
We lost Amy four years ago next month . In 27 years , she , for better or for worse , became the jazz singers she worshiped , like Billie Holiday . The movie is a respectful homage to the late , great jazz diva and , thus far , the best doc of 2015 .
Amy will do two things . Firstly , it will make you feel worse that such an incredible talent , with unparalleled soul could not get it together . Secondly , with the toxicity of her environment it 's a miracle that she lived as long as she did .
Amy is a celebration of its subject 's talent ... But it 's also a terribly sad portrait of an addict surrounded by enablers and opportunists .
-LSB- VIDEO ESSAY -RSB- The must-see-documentary at the 2015 Cannes Film Festival , Asif Kapadia 's ambitious biography of Amy Winehouse is a devastating look at how some of the people closest to her contributed to the singer/songwriter 's untimely demise .
Heartbreaking and wrenching , if not always satisfying .
It 's a perceptive examination of the singer 's need for love -- from her friends , family , colleagues , husband and public -- and the ways in which that need went unmet , or was exploited , at the times it ached in her the most .
Amy is an emotionally stirring and technically polished tribute , its sprawling mass of diverse source material elegantly cleaned up , color-corrected and shaped into a satisfying narrative .
Whether -LSB- Kapadia -RSB- has or has n't captured the true essence of the singer may require further debate , but what 's beyond question is that `` Amy '' is an extraordinary , powerful work .
This lengthy but immersive portrait will hit hard with viewers who regard Winehouse among the great lost voices not just of a generation , but of an entire musical genre .
All in all , this is one documentary that no jazz fan will want to miss . Like many such tales , however , it 's awfully tragic and sad .
Heartbreaking -LSB- and -RSB- deeply sympathetic .
There is an unutterable sadness at the heart of Asif Kapadia 's brilliant new film about Amy Winehouse .
If the film has a fault , it 's that it does n't try to explain where her genius came from . But then it 's all there , in front of us .
Even if the last third of Amy is painful to watch , Kapadia takes care not to lose sight of the human being behind the mythology .
Masterfully chronicles the talent and tragedy of Amy Winehouse 's short life .
`` Amy '' is an artifact of the celebrity culture it convincingly suggests is partially responsible for her untimely , wasteful demise - it feels a little like assassinating Amy Winehouse all over again , only this time in excruciating close up and slow motion
Leave -LSB- s -RSB- us mourning a great character and wondering where that talent might have brought her . Essential .
It 's uneasy viewing - a cautionary tale .
Stunningly moving and powerful : intimate , passionate , often shocking , and almost mesmerically absorbing .

@highlight

As riveting as it is sad , Amy is a powerfully honest look at the twisted relationship between art and celebrity -- and the lethal spiral of addiction .