Alexandra is a film made by someone who wants to talk , which is an admirable gesture . It 's just not the correct one .
The film had so beautifully evoked this tenor of decamped emotional ties , of a people cared for forever traveling away from home , by conflating the grandmother 's searching familial love with the isolated , forlorn faces of the soldiers ...
An unusual masterpiece atmospheric anti-war film that is an example of cinema as pure feeling .
Eccentric and tender , it is a picture out for grace rather than polemics , and it finds enough to make one see emotional intimacy anew
At least one critic has called this Sokurov 's most political film , but on its deepest level it considers not a particular war but the complex feelings between mothers and the young men they send out into the world to kill or be killed .
Sokurov is able to say things about the terrible conflict without obvious polemic but to the maximum possible effect . That 's largely why he is one of the most audacious and original directors in the world today .
His sepia images of war 's futility are beautiful , and Vishnevskaya 's face is a compelling one , but they can not compensate for the soporific anti-narrative .
The eerie haze of the visuals , the half-babble of music and the toneless , teasing dialogue dance attendance on the strangest ghost of all : Galina Vishnevskaya .
Shot in shades of bleached-out khaki brown and augmented by a heart-rending orchestral score , it 's a unique and intensely moving elegy for wasted lives .
It 's a film of small details rather than big gestures ... and all the more powerful for it .
But Aleksandr Sokurov , with the mesmerising and subtly disorientating directorial style that he has mastered , makes it feel emotionally real and imaginatively true . A wonderful film .
A bone-weariness pervades every inch of the film ; even the light is bleached dry of vitality .
Apart from a thoroughly irritating background track of schmaltzy classical music , this is Sokurov at his shortest and most digestible .
It 's also quietly challenging , in its own way , not least in its portrait of old age , its trials , new freedoms and the privilege of changing one 's mind before it becomes too late .
This is war as stalemate , with Aleksandr Burov 's bleached images creating an alien landscape in which colour is as rare as compassion . Rarely has combat seemed so savage or futile .
Perhaps Sokurov 's film will leave some viewers as weary as its protagonist , but this intimate and evocative journey through war is well worth taking .
Here is what filmmaking looks like at its absolute best : a movie of bold and aggressive originality that expresses itself with the utmost delicacy .
Remarkable , how little Sokurov tells us , while telling us so much .
The film is built on a massive incongruity : Watching this octogenarian drag her little bent-up wheeled luggage cart , amid rolling tanks and military transport trucks , you 're looking at two eternal verities % u2014war , and civilians caught up in its wake % u20
One of those pure films that 's devoid of excess and overstatement ... simple but searing .
Interesting look at life in the Russian military , but to what purpose ?
Clever scenario looks at the balance of power betwween age , sex , and nationality
The sepia tones and the claustrophobic camerawork are instantly recognizable as Sokurov 's work , and so is the emphasis on family intimacy .
Every woman with a child in the military dreams about the mysterious environs of war into which her child has disappeared . Such a dream is the subject of Alexander Sokurov 's astonishing Alexandra .
Alexandra washes over you like a gentle slice-of-life movie rather than polemic , with Vishnevskaya demanding your attention every moment she 's onscreen .
Alexandra is a pleasure to watch , but it 's also one of those lovely , unclassifiable movies that flourishes better with repeated or prolonged exposures .
... a film for the thoughtful , discerning filmgoer who is looking for something not made in the Hollywood , USA .
... at times humorous , at times touching , and unfortunately , at times tedious and distancing .
In the hands of visionary filmmaker Alexander Sokurov , this simple material makes for a haunting drama about war , generational relationships and the human condition .
Sokurov 's excellent new Alexandra begins with an almost laughable scenario .
It 's a well-acted piece that finds a unique way to discuss the fortunes of soldiers and their families during times of war .
The images are indelible , if somewhat inscrutable -LRB- knowing Russian history would probably help , I suppose -RRB- , but the message behind them rings out like a warning alarm .
Without mounting a soap box , the film makes eloquent points about the struggle .
There 's not a shot fired in the film , but it pierces the heart nonetheless .
-LSB- Sokurov is one of the -RSB- very few filmmakers with the technique , style , and sheer will to create strange , instantly accessible worlds that not only draw the viewer in , but also remain in the mind as places worthy of revisiting .
Sokurov 's sentimental poetry embroiders a nation 's personal connections to the military ; he shows the ineffable grace that contemporary American filmmakers are too pent up to grant us -- truths about fealty that our movies neglect .
The mixture of the surreal and concrete feels remarkably accurate : a verité depiction of war with a profound ghostly quality .
Aleksandr Sokurov 's anti-war drama Alexandra opens with a curious image and spends 90 minutes squeezing it for all it 's worth .
Russian director Alexander Sokurov brings a political edge to the intra-family dynamics with this relatively straightforward tale of a grandmother 's trip to an embattled region of Russia for a visit with her grandson .
Alexandra is a much more modest undertaking , but is just as compelling . And Galina Vishnevskaya , an 81-year-old opera singer , is wonderful as Alexandra .
An arty , cerebral film , Alexandra nevertheless speaks to the heart like a symphony .
Alexander Sokurov 's Alexandra feels like a communiqué from another time , another place , anywhere but here .
hits on something painful and intrinsically human : the feeling of inevitable disillusionment
Spare yet tactile , a mysterious mixture of lightness and gravity .
I found it incredibly hard to care about either the grandmother or the young men and , since there is no plot to hold your interest , torpor ensues .
Sokurov applies a thoughtful , humanist spin to the Chechen war - or any war - in this quiet mediation .
This is as faultless a film as I 've seen in a long time - certainly my best film of 2007 .
Koyrasmenos dimioyrgika kai thematika , o Sokurov prosferei mia faflatadiki dokimi ton orion tis katatonias
Disappointingly uncharacteristic of Sokurov , the humanist moments that pass between them lean toward token sentiment , and the moments that pass between Alexandra and the grandson she traveled so far to see feel inconsequential .
The performance of 80-year-old Vishnevskay is priceless .
Though not a top-notch Sokurov , his new film is a conceptually fascinating meditation on war seen from the perspective of an older woman who visits the battle front .
Stark but moving snapshot of men on the front line of a nation 's nightmare .
Less accessible to general auds than The Sun , pic deserves major accolades from fests as well as discerning arthouses .







@highlight

At once ethereal and tangible , Aleksandr Sokurov 's humane Chechen War drama features a spectacular turn by opera star Galina Vishnevskay .