Weaponizes the book 's terminology to keep the gears of the plot moving all the way to its teary finale .
With the scarcity of humor and the confusion of it all , the enjoyment factor is a bit elusive at times .
A Wrinkle in Time is a meandering , disjointed , nonsensical slog through 109 minutes of 90s level CGI , heavy-handed dialogue , stilted acting , and shots up actors ' nostrils .
The movie is thematically broad yet uneven , visually stunning at times , and most of all presents a clear-cut message of acceptance , love , and empowerment that will certainly resonate with its intended audience : young girls at their most vulnerable age .
DuVernay aims for the stars , but A Wrinkle in Time does n't even reach the earth 's stratosphere .
Whatever magic the presence of a giant Oprah Winfrey was meant to bring to this kid 's fantasy sci-fi extravaganza by Ava DuVernay -LRB- Selma -RRB- has been lost in a largely antiseptic swirl of visual effects and right-on virtue signalling .
The film 's themes of love , family and self-acceptance are powerful enough to resonate with audiences . But the concept and casting should n't be the most magical parts of a fantasy film , no matter how enchanting its message is .
There 's a sense of deeper meaning in the movie that never crystallizes beyond its base emotional hooks .
As an undemanding , cheery children 's movie it entertains , and the acting is fine all-round , but fans of the book risk disappointment on a grand scale .
An Oprah-style empowerment lesson for everyone under the age of 15 - pre-teen and teenage girls will be wrinkling their faces with happiness .
... feels like there 's a more complete , less-edited version out there , a director 's cut that fills in all the hints of deeper story ; that 's the version that needs to be seen and hopefully exists somewhere .
It 's a smart , funny , spectacular and deftly done film .
Mostly a dud , yes . It 's based on one of those novels that 's long been described as un-adaptable , only to result in a movie that proved such naysayers right .
A Wrinkle in Time is the Tomorrowland of 2018 : a film with a lot of potential , but without a solid concept because it does n't successfully connect its most memorable parts ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Its main mission seems to be as a sermon rather than as a piece of entertainment . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Bedazzling visual effects notwithstanding , the finished product is disconcertingly bland .
The dialogue is like a series of speeches , it relies too heavily on songs , the visuals are overwhelming and the CGI weak . But this is unquestionably and unapologetically a children 's film and they 're not going to care about most of that .
A Wrinkle in Time throws everything at the screen with no idea as to how to make it gel .
Ava DuVernay has done much more with the source material , and the result is a beautiful work full of hope and aspirations .
What DuVernay has delivered is essentially a feature-length screensaver which operates on the assumption that cinema for children is a matter of bright colours and dippy sentiment .
There are things that are not understood or border on ridicule . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Ava DuVernay has proven her talent as a filmmaker in films such as Selma ... However , DuVernay 's jump from drama to science fiction is disappointing , because at the end of the day the film feels generic ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Oh-so-awkward and irksomely pompous .
` A Wrinkle in Time ' delivers timeless messages about love , friendship .
Yes , you may enjoy the ride , but it could be due to the dazzling scenery passing by , rather than the obscure route taken to the final destination .
A Wrinkle in Time unevenly ambles along with a nice message about families , love and self-acceptance , and sprinkled with some visually spectacular sequences . But it 's ultimately unsatisfying for anyone over 15 years old .
The stellar cast and promises made by technology only adds to the layers of disappointment .
Somehow I doubt that Disney is about to spawn another franchise from what we have here . Maybe children will get more fun from reading the books . Now there 's a thought .
With a script that sounds like it was cadged from Desiderata and some very dud FX , it looks like a mesh-up of prog rock album covers and a My Little Pony cartoon .
A movie well-positioned to blow the culture 's inspire-o-meter right off its mooring .
A Wrinkle In Time is a classic case of an over-produced , under-directed Hollywood churn-and-burner .
-LSB- In -RSB- Into the Woods , Little Red makes a point of explaining how `` nice is different than good '' . Is it a backhanded compliment to call A Wrinkle in Time just ` nice ' ?
Even as the film 's far less effective fantasy characters enter the fray , Reid holds our attention and keeps our focus on the themes of faith , family , and self-worth .
New age philosophy and hippy platitudes are unsubtly blended with actual science to create a sickly blancmange of a screenplay that is not easy to digest .
Something bigger , something more mind-expandingly substantial , has gone missing , along with real emotion and the important idea that an awkward girl like Meg , with troublesome hair , might be good at maths and science .
Ruh-roh . Film-makers really ought to fear disruptions in the space-time continuum as much as do astronauts . They can loosen the rivets of even film-makers as steely as Stanley Kubrick and Christopher Nolan . DuVernay delivers purest astro-mush .
DuVernay tackles a difficult adaptation with heart . But her gaudier distractions could have used a bypass or two .
Unfortunately , well-intentioned as it is , it 's hard to imagine that this sparkly mess of a movie will connect with cinema-goers far beyond its core audience of 10-to-14-year-old girls .
An ambitious attempt that falls someway short of delivering anything satisfying .
It is satisfyingly starry , visually stimulating - and a bit of a mess .
A Wrinkle In Time is obvious and wears its heart on its sleeve but it still offers imaginative , warm-hearted children 's entertainment ...
There 's something halting and overly cautious that prevents this bonkers kiddie fable from taking flight .
It 's mostly a deliciously trippy and inspiring kids fantasy adventure .
Reminiscent of movies like The Wizard Of Oz and Labyrinth , this is an enjoyable fantastical sci-fi adventure for older kids , even if it is n't a perfect one .
Visually interesting and with a couple of fine performances from the young cast in particular , the film is let down by its inability to find a strong grounding in the magic and mystery it weaves .
Beneath it all , at the centre of this deceptively simple , unfussy film is the powerful and frequently heartbreaking story of a little girl who misses her dad . That 's it .
Good-natured , unworldly , a bit ungainly , not a masterpiece , but amiable and generous in spirit .
... in common with its plucky heroine , A Wrinkle in Time looks certain to find its own place in the universe , making good chums along the way .
DuVernay 's genuine triumph is making Meg relatable , rootable-for , and worth following through every zig-zagging rabbit hole of Jennifer Lee 's script .
Sadly , the film turns out to be as soft-centred and treacly as any of the countless other similar fantasy adventures made by Disney over the years .
For a cosmic time-traveling story , the action takes place in the most boring terrestrial scenarios imaginable . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Storm Reid gives a pint-sized powerhouse performance . But there 's little else to admire here .
With no complicated philosophy beyond the redemptive power of love and forgiveness , DuVernay and co have created a film that 's a deliberate antidote to contemporary cynicism and inspirational viewing for young audiences , whatever their gender .
I really hated watching this movie , and by that I mean I hated the physical act of looking at it and trying to follow the visual information as presented onscreen .
This loving adaptation of Madeleine L'Engle 's beloved novel is an emotional , visual feast , much needed in these times of division , anger , cynicism and mistrust . It is a tribute to the power of love in a cold , indifferent universe .
This turkey is a shoo-in to sweep the Razzie Awards .
Ultimately , the multi-colored style of this movie will triumph . This film 's failure wo n't even be a wrinkle in the progress to come .
`` Wrinkle '' fine but fails to soar .
`` You get a crap movie ... and you get a crap movie ! Everybody gets a crap movie ! ''
Unable or unwilling to find unconventional means to tell a very odd story , the filmmakers hack up the book 's narrative into slick and simple building blocks , then mortar them together piece by piece .
How ironic that Disney tamed L'Engle 's wild novel about the dangers of conformity by making it look and sound like everything else .
The movie prefers to drift into CGI mistiness , big-budget FX supplanting any emotional subtleties . There 's no wonderland here at all .
In a movie landscape that sees too few films embrace such messages of positivity , it was refreshing to see characters express love and compassion so freely .
A Wrinkle in Time , by and large , comes off as an interminable bomb that instantly joins the ranks of Hollywood 's most prominent misfires .
A Wrinkle in Time has many touching and beautiful moments , in large part due to the incredible and relatable performance of its young star . However , the heavy-handed direction and sugary-sweet story may wear on adults used to more nuanced fare .
It 's depressing that 's not very good , given what an obvious , tangible passion project this is .
Despite its spectacular effects and interesting performances , it falls short . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
It never quite hangs together right , stumbling through scenes that mash-up after-school special with the fantastical .
So while A Wrinkle in Time ultimately loses the battle of filmmaking , it still wins the war of instilling hope into younger generations .
A Wrinkle in Time comes off as a disjointed and miscalculated project , rather than a visual and contemplative journey .
Turning Reese Witherspoon into a smug piece of salad is probably not the best use of all those millions of dollars .
Luckily , DuVernay is in charge and able to add a spark to the proceedings , enlivening every frame with a refreshing gusto .
Family-friendly , yet frustrating , it 's a psychedelic , self-empowering trip .
The movie did n't connect me to the characters . You get what they 're feeling , but it does n't hit you ... it 's just a hop skip & a jump ... Ava DuVernay bit off a bit more than she can chew here .
The general rule of thumb when it comes to adapting beloved books is that it 's much easier to get it wrong than right . DuVernay does n't get it wrong - not entirely - but she really has n't gotten it right either .
The best way to enjoy A Wrinkle in Time is to get past the Hollywood royalty and super-powered special effects . Focus instead on Meg and her story , and look forward to more adventures for girls in Hollywood 's future .
Some scenes are crafted with such care , you just fall right into them , but the overall result feels at arm 's length : A Mardi Gras parade with a float shaped like Oprah Winfrey , towering over the crowd wearing silver mesh lamé and sequinned eyebrows .
A story with values much more risky than those of antediluvian bets like The Lord of the Rings or Narnia , buried under tons of color and piercing calculation errors that suffocate any success . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Director Ava DuVernay has a light touch with these early scenes , though she gets seriously bogged down in special effects as the film goes on .
An overblown , intergalactic saga certain to tug on your heartstrings during unapologetically-sentimental breaks in the action .
Wrinkle in Time has much love in its heart , in execution , the film 's beat-to-beat narrative is a bit of a mess .
Judged on its own terms , A Wrinkle in Time is a pretty good , perhaps even a quite good , movie . But it is a children 's movie . See it with a child or -- as DuVernay recommends -- with a child 's wonder . Otherwise , probably do n't bother seeing it at all .
Unfortunately , the slow pace of the first hour coupled by the tedium of a CGI overload , reduces A Wrinkle in Time to one of Disney 's most lackluster big-budget releases since The BFG .
As a vehicle for self-worth and multiracial empowerment , A Wrinkle in Time scores points , but as a Disneyland ride it slides off the rails into a messy imitation of family fare .
A Wrinkle in Time is recommended for children , but for the adults who accompany them , their only interest in Time will be in determining how much of it remains before the closing credits begin their crawl .
While I ca n't say for sure if the source material was indeed unfilmable , the end result has me thinking it likely was . A misfire all around . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Scary Scenes , etc. - also Available -RRB-
It 's got Oprah , diversity in casting , good message but it is STRICTLY for kids .
No Hollywood film can ever solve the central problem of adapting this book , in that it inevitably does too much of the imagining for you . DuVernay makes a big-hearted go of it , even if she seems slightly dazzled by her own magical mystery tour .
While the extravaganza film adaptation of the beloved novel has magic in it , it most certainly is not magical .
Perhaps this movie is so striking because it 's such a wonky and self-possessed experience , too much of its own thing to feel like it was tailor-made for anyone but the people who need it most .
A science fiction fantasy about a girl 's quest to discover her own power by embracing her faults and expressing her love .
The visual resplendence outpaces the emotional pull in this ambitious but overwrought fantasy saga .
Feels like a random series of fantastical and often beautiful but still very random events .
Inclusive but imperfect take on classic story of hope , love .
It 's all rendered hopelessly flat by DuVernay , who bites off more than she can chew .
Sentence I did not expect to write : The film 's portrayal of the otherworldly Mrs. W 's ... makes the depiction of the Holy Trinity in The Shack profound and numinous by comparison .
There 's a good movie in here somewhere , but it 's beset with too many obligations , and maybe too much in the way of expectations .
While the big-name cast in A Wrinkle in Time is great for marketing , there 's a star problem in the film , and it 's not Winfrey .
Awkwardly shot at times , clumsily acted occasionally , grotesquely sincere throughout , but with some pleasingly jarring visuals and a fine keystone performance from Chris Pine .
As failures go , this one is very nearly devastating .
Unfortunately there many other problems that plague this movie . Wonky CGI . Unresolved character arcs . Terrible sound . But the saddest part of all is the wasted potential for a new fantasy/adventure franchise .
A Wrinkle in Time is a big deal for many reasons worth celebrating . It also is n't perfect . And that 's okay .
Despite all of the emotional moments on display , DuVernay never manages to really earn any of them and they wind up getting overwhelmed by the constant barrage of special effects -LRB- which are surprisingly chintzy in a couple of instances -RRB- .
A Wrinkle in Time may not be as strong as it could be , but it is well-intentioned , admirably earnest , and gloriously weird in ways that can still connect with audiences . I
Phantasmagoria that is more cheesy than transporting .
For children , the movie adaptation will likely be a fast-favourite because of its cinematic elements , but adults who have held onto A Wrinkle In Time as a staple of their childhood , they will likely find some magic missing in the movie .
It 's a pretty take on the story , but it 's also a frustratingly safe and squishy one .
It 's an impressive feat , by any measure .
Too much time . Not enough wrinkles . Director Ava DuVernay wants me to imagine being 12 again . The 12-year old in me did n't like it and 12-year olds today wo n't either .
Not great , inevitably derivative , but cast is fun to be around .
A Wrinkle in Time will be relegated to the category where forgotten fantasy family fare like The Adventures of Sharkboy and Lavagirl takes up space .
-LSB- A Wrinkle in Time -RSB- is not an unmitigated disaster . It does a lot of things right , the best of which is wearing its heart on its sleeve ; it 's nice to see a kids movie that is n't bogged down by knowing winks or cynicism .
How would a story written before we made it to the moon that is so complicated ? It did n't work in 2003 , and it does n't really work now .
It 's as beautiful as it is maddeningly dense , but the sweet life lessons eventually win us over .
A Wrinkle in Time is a total groaner , a movie that wants to soar into the heavens but is weighed down by all the lead in its boots .
If I were a Disney executive , this film would embarrass me . Or maybe this is one of those fantasy stories that need to stay the way you first imagined it in your head .
Einstein gets mentioned in A Wrinkle in Time , but he and the audience would be better served if the filmmakers had figured out how to present his thoughts instead of dropping his name .
A Wrinkle in Time is a riot of color , a celebration of individual flaws , and an encouragement of self-confidence , tapping directly into the ` love conquers all ' message of the novel .
Ava DuVernay 's visually imaginative female empowerment movie says love triumphs evil , light trumps darkness and teenage girls who believe they 're not good enough can find their strength and beauty .
Ava DuVernay has gone from Selma to sellout .
The movie continually reduces rather than expands its source material and becomes less and less convincing as Meg rather too rapidly saves the day .
`` A Wrinkle in Time '' is a rather unruly mess , and when you untangle it , all you wind up with a ball of nothing .
I would n't presume to guess how a 12-year-old will respond to this film , especially if that girl or boy has n't read Madeleine L'Engle 's beloved book . I can only express my feelings , which are decidedly mixed .
Big-hearted with awe-inspiring CGI , but suffers from a corny , preachy , dull , and clunky screenplay with overbearing music that does n't trust the audience 's emotions enough .
`` A Wrinkle in Time '' fails to capture the audience , draw them in and tell a memorable story .
This latest effort from director Ava DuVernay is too scary for little kids , and too inept for adults .
A Wrinkle in Time might not be for everyone , but for those who can appreciate it for exactly what it is , they 're going to really enjoy one of the year 's most creative films .
DuVernay directs at a leaden pace . She seems to have no idea how to get out of a scene once it has accomplished what it had to do .
A Wrinkle in Time is an imperfect movie with a big heart , and though it will have its detractors , it will also have its fans .
Young audiences can and will identify with Meg , Charles Wallace and Calvin , and that is how it should be because the movie is aimed squarely at them .
A Wrinkle in Time might not be as magnificent as L'Engle 's novel -LRB- and I ca n't say I expected it to be -RRB- , but even so DuVernay 's adaptation is still a spellbinding family-friendly adventure worth venturing out to see .
-LSB- Storm -RSB- Reid is a real find - no-nonsense but still , yes , relatable in her self-doubt and tentative connection with Miller , another able young performer .
There is magic here , but there is also distance , and not of the time-and-space-traveling kind .
Most of what I love about the book was beautifully realized , and the movie is sure to be a middle school sleepover perennial and a family favorite for generations .
Galumphing narrative and flatfooted whimsy ... a downright awkward kiddie blockbuster .
No new effects that set this film apart from others . That said , DuVernay is a brave filmmaker who took on this challenge earnestly .
There 's only so much even the greatest can do when they 're saddled with such lazy , uninspired writing .
A Wrinkle In Time was made not just with kids in mind , but with 8-12-year-olds as the film 's intended audience . It is DuVernay 's love letter to children and the wonder and magic of childhood .
A Wrinkle in Time never quite comes together under a single vision . Reid , though , ably supported by baby bro McCabe , makes much of it work out .
Much of the exposition here seems cobbled together with little focus or much thought .
Someone please explain to me how the director of Selma made this movie ... it is so , so bad . Everything was forced and awkward , but I think if you 're a kid , you might enjoy it .
Ava DuVernay is great , and she brings a lot to the table ... this is visually stunning sometimes , but sometimes it 's also horrible looking ... I do n't think it worked .
Ava DuVernay 's adaptation of Madeline L'Engle 's bestselling children 's novel is a stunning , colorful gem of a film .
I like what Reese , Oprah and Mindy did with what they had , but they did n't have a chance to really shine ... kids might be scared at times ... it 's a great effort , and a tough thing to adapt .
The plotting is a bit clunky at times but it does n't detract from the emotional resonance that shines throughout .
Ava DuVernay was using her talents the best she could there , but I do n't think there was enough in the finalized script ... this particular story did n't hit me .
It remains to be seen whether the film will qualify as mythopoeic , theologically speaking . It may not address all our `` cosmic questions . '' But it can still be darn good fun .
-LSB- S -RSB- trange , irreverent , and ultimately a family-pleasing heartfelt fantasy tale . There 's nothing else like it in theaters ...
As a clarion call for young people rising up against the forces of cynicism , corruption and wanton cruelty , `` A Wrinkle in Time '' feels decidedly of-the-moment , a primer for the little brothers and sisters of the #NeverAgain generation .
More darkness than light , ` A Wrinkle in Time ' has much to iron out .
This is heady stuff , and the script by Jennifer Lee trusts that children can intuit visual metaphors better than what they represent ... DuVernay created a film celebrating intelligence , courage , and self-worth .
A socially progressive viewpoint , diverse casting and crew members , positive role models and hopeful upbeat messages are one thing , but a good time at the movies is another thing entirely . The movie is n't scary , suspenseful , gripping in the least .
But this movie relied so heavily on the glinting plastic toolbox of CGI that the magic just never arrived . The kid in me left the theater sadly disappointed .
I 'd be lying if I did n't say I was hoping for more .
Disney 's version of the Madeleine L'Engle young-adult novel is a magical mystery tour minus the magic and mystery , and a great disappointment , since there were so many reasons to root for the film 's success .
It 's terrific eye candy , filled with dazzling shots of faraway lands saturated in hues of red , orange , green and hot pink , with levitating flowers , and scenes of witches shapeshifting into flying creatures . What 's missing is any emotional engagement .
The director not only fails to capture the childlike wonder of A Wrinkle in Time ; she also reveals herself to be a terrible director of children .
A Wrinkle in Time is a wild ride and should be lauded for a diverse and inclusive update , but it falls well short of being a classic in its own right .
It 's impossible to not cheer for the message of A Wrinkle in Time-But those messages should be conveyed organically , through plot and character . Here , they have all the subtlety of a promoted tweet .
Many moments are beautiful and surreal , while others are just plain weird -LRB- and not always in a good way -RRB- . If it does n't always work , well , at least DuVernay went for it , and her version is just as gorgeous and strange as can be expected .
An impressive production , with big ambitions and noble intentions , that just does n't work . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
DuVernay has n't cracked the infamously weird novel wide open , but she has found a way in .
There 's a lot here that feels insufficiently shaped or fitfully realized , but at the same time , there 's a lot to like . It 's the Platonic ideal of a mixed bag .
While A Wrinkle in Time is incredibly ambitious in its endeavors , both visually and tackling such a beloved story , the audience does n't feel a strong enough connection to the characters and therefore the whole film suffers .
Too often content to smile beatifically instead of delivering the necessary thrills .
Well-intentioned , well-acted , but a bit of a mess .
A star is born in Storm Reid .
This big-hearted , bloated movie 's a crinkled , jammed , over-crammed hot mess , but Oprah hovers above it all , two stories tall , magisterial and wrinkle-proof .
This spectacular adventure sometimes wanders across the borders of invention into artificiality , but finds its feet when it focuses in on its characters and their relationships .
Despite director Ava DuVernay 's strongest imaginative efforts and ambitious aspirations , like a character in the visual spectacle says , `` in order to be great , you actually have to be great ''
It 's hard to understand what went wrong - the cast could n't be more appealing , and the film is bursting with special effects . But as an emotionally satisfying experience , it 's a bust .
Let me put a more positive spin on a negative review . The book is still out there for everyone to read : Please do so .
It 's gigantic heart and winning intentions ca n't disguise the fact that Ava DuVernay 's modern adaptation of the Madeleine L'Engle 1962 classic is a bit of a mess .
Condensing all of L'Engle 's novel into the film proves to be much , too , as the need to establish the various planets , worlds and rules with an abundance of exposition dilutes any of the nuance or impact desired .
It wo n't transport every viewer to its glorious place , but its message to little girls and boys comes through loud and clear .
Instead of a compelling narrative flow , -LSB- A Wrinkle in Time -RSB- comes at us in dribs and drabs , exchanging pacing and dramatic build-up for static set pieces . Characters get shortchanged . Just as they might become interesting , we cut away .
What holds A Wrinkle in Time together -- why kids should love it even as we fallen grown-ups pick at the nits -- is the strength of family feeling at its center .
Ava DuVernay 's film adaptation of it catches the sense of exhilaration and wonder that arises from the story 's elements of fantasy .
A Wrinkle in Time will be a fine movie for kids , and it 's something families can watch together ... But it does n't quite reach the heights that I was hoping for .
-LSB- Ava -RSB- DuVernay does n't cut the weird , though , without adding wonder . Her update to the three Mrs. W 's is particularly spectacular .
The crushing flaw of A Wrinkle In Time : Almost every scene is so saturated with clumsily delivered ` believe in yourself ' mantras that it becomes monotonous , meaningless and even creepy .
Mostly , it 's just a frustrating whole comprised of some pretty promising parts .
It makes me wonder how much Disney trusts its young audiences to be smart and able to understand the world .
Thrilling though Meg 's fight for the universe and her family might be , the film 's journey into darkness does n't reach the highs of its exploration of goodness .
A Wrinkle in Time is a sappy melodrama , devoid of mystery or wonder . Director Ava DuVernay beats positivity in with a sledgehammer .
While I 'm generally a sucker for imaginative art direction , the Technicolor gargle of overflorid hues on display here barely sticks to the screen , let alone to the memory .
Meg 's clear emotional bass line is something an audience can hang and hold onto .
A Wrinkle in Time offers an engaging family-friendly sci-fi adventure , but falls short of reaching the potential of its talented cast and director .
It 's visually splendid , packed with imagination and offers powerful messages about love , individuality and self-acceptance .
I was transported by DuVernay 's adaptation to the mind-set of my girlhood - embarrassing insecurities and all . This is not a cynic 's film . It is , instead , unabashedly emotional .
Stumbles in its world building and ca n't quite find its groove .
Its bright and shiny new sheen ultimately is n't enough to save it from some severe storytelling issues .
Perhaps book readers will be able to follow the plot and better appreciate the fine craftsmanship and performances . I 'm too busy scratching my head .
Could any version of `` A Wrinkle in Time '' live up to the lofty expectations ? Hard to say . But this one does n't .
A sumptuous , largely faithful adaptation of Madeleine L'Engle 's classic 1962 fantasy novel , `` A Wrinkle in Time '' bursts forth with idiosyncratic visual wonders and passionate , deep-seated messages of self-worth .
Ava DuVernay 's A Wrinkle in Time is a magical adventure across dimensions and planets , saturated with vibrant colors and an Oprah the size of a small building .
Maybe A Wrinkle in Time will sufficiently captivate kids , in which case it 's mostly done its job . My old eyes were mostly tired .
... the film , for all of its wondrous visuals and good intentions , never takes off and soars the way we keep hoping it will .
A profoundly satisfying , imaginative and beautiful film .
Fans of the book and admirers of Ms. DuVernay 's work -- I include myself in both groups -- can breathe a sigh of relief , and some may also find that their breath has been taken away .
A Wrinkle in Time is for all the girls - and boys , and non-binary kids , and teens and adults and the elderly - who 've ever been a Meg . It 's a flawed film that entreats us to love flawed things , up to and including our very own selves .
Its message is of a young woman 's empowerment , and of how love can save a family -- and if the special effects sometimes overwhelm that message , it rings through loud and clear by the end .
Every generation gets The NeverEnding Story it deserves . This one may very well be ours .
There 's something about A Wrinkle in Time overall that does n't take flight . It does n't fall to the ground , either , just sort of hovers when it should soar .
By turns gorgeous , propulsive and feverishly overwrought , `` A Wrinkle in Time '' is an otherworldly glitter explosion of a movie , the kind of picture that wears its heart on its tie-dyed sleeve .
A visually dazzling , if tonally meandering odyssey that tempers its sci-fi gravitas with a child 's sense of humor . It 's the rare live-action family film to feel like a bonafide kids ' movie .
The forces of `` positivity '' and `` negativity '' are so vaguely defined that it feels like a string of disconnected inspirational quotes , a series of free floating metaphors with no human connection .
The real letdown is that this ostensibly hip-and-with-it movie feels so square , especially when it comes to its trio of wise-women .
Barely coherent , overburdened with unimpressive special effects and hobbled by unremittingly bad acting , it will confound and bore children and adults in equal measure .
For all its scenes of characters flying and soaring and zooming here and there , it never really takes off .
Once A Wrinkle In Time launches into its trippy planet-scapes ... it delivers more consistent eye candy , though screenwriters Jennifer Lee and Jeff Stockwell never completely crack L'Engle 's storytelling rhythms .
DuVernay handles the aesthetics of her blockbuster debut with confidence and flair , making the heavy-lifting of worldbuilding seem effortless , even if the same ca n't be said for the uneven pacing .
The film has the feel of a iPad video pawned off on a toddler so Dad can make comforting mac and cheese - here 's a bite-sized lesson about loving yourself and a jumble of pretty colors .
A fantasy with flash , flair and friendly advice to help kids cope when the world does n't seem to make sense .
Hindered by disjointed flow and a monotonous tone , the creatively ambitious A Wrinkle in Time falls short of its worthy intentions .
A Wrinkle in Time feels disconnected , its emotional high points feel unearned and in spite of some dazzling visuals , the overall experience just feels shortchanged .
The power of love can only do so much in Disney 's misbegotten A Wrinkle in Time ... across the board , this disappointing Time will cause more than a little wrinkling of the forehead in frustration .
This adaptation ... is such a glorious and fascinating mess -- teeming with visual splendor and imagination , and providing the weary world a hopeful message delivered by a spunky new heroine -- that it 's worth buying a ticket to see for yourself .
Only the faintest glimmers of genuine , earned emotion pierce through the layers of intense calculation that encumber Ava DuVernay 's A Wrinkle in Time .
-LSB- A Wrinkle In Time -RSB- may not get there in a perfectly wrapped bow , but it tells the story in a way that as a fan I can appreciate - and as a critic , I can also respect .
Director Ava DuVernay 's version of the beloved children 's classic has a big cast and the best of intentions . It 's socially progressive , racially diverse and packed with positive messages . It 's just not much fun .
Director Ava DuVernay takes a classic story and , in a terribly misguided decision , spins it in 2018 wash cycle . The intentions are good ; the results are disappointing .
A Wrinkle in Time is wildly uneven , weirdly suspenseless , and tonally all over the place , relying on wall-to-wall music to supply the missing emotional connection and trowel over huge plot holes .
`` Wrinkle '' could be unfavorably compared to the `` Wizard of Oz '' - lacking its charm , humor and clever characters .
DuVernay clearly wants to show us a good time , but a guiding artistic vision never materializes .
Ava DuVernay 's splashy adaptation seldom conjures the magic to which this big-screen exercise aspires -- not a complete waste of time , certainly , but too mundane to provide a consistently good one .
This mawkish , simplisitic adaptation ... is like a bad children 's version of a Marvel movie sprinkled with Narnia dust . It 's about as deep as knock knock joke , introducing ideas it does little if anything to explore .
What I got was a beautiful coming-of-age story that never felt as though it was manipulating my emotions , and an adventure that expertly conveyed L'Engle 's themes of hope and love - even existential horror - on screen .
Depressingly , A Wrinkle in Time has less in common with its spiky protagonist than her plastic doppelganger , flattened into familiar wonders , a sincere attempt at empowerment crushed into preachy dullness .
Between this ambitious epic 's genuine accomplishments and its injection of color into Madeleine L'Engle 's beloved fantasy novel , I really , really hate having to pronounce it a failure . Yet that 's what I must do .
The lessons in the film are the biggest reason why A Wrinkle in Time is an important film for younger audiences , especially those who are in middle school .
While this divisive adaptation is ambitious , visionary and cosmic , it 's just as equally problematic , awkward and frustrating .
Today 's kids could use more movies like A Wrinkle in Time . So could today 's adults .
A Wrinkle in Time always feels discombobulated , eager to please a wide audience , but also trying to be a little weird and unique . That 's an admirable goal , and I wish the movie had pulled it off .
It does n't dazzle like the stars and it does n't transport us away .
A Wrinkle in Time is not a film to be scoffed at , because it is so committed to its magical , mystical tone at every turn .
It has flashes of inspiration and raw emotion , and beyond the famous faces in the cast , Disney 's `` Wrinkle in Time '' is graced with a wonderful , natural Meg courtesy of the young actress Storm Reid . Now 14 , she 's easy and versatile screen company .
A story about the power of goodness that 's bolstered by the sincerity of its optimism , `` A Wrinkle in Time '' is a fantasy to believe in .
Awash in bold colors , bright patterns and ebullient kids , director Ava DuVernay 's new take on `` A Wrinkle in Time '' dazzles its way across time and space even if it does n't quite stick the landing .
A Wrinkle in Time has given children the gift of inclusivity , where nothing-not their gender , not their family history , not their hometown , and not their skin color-is a limitation to who they can become .
A heartbreaking miss , even if there is much to admire about its intent and social value .
-LSB- Storm -RSB- Reid is excellent , playing across a range of emotions and physical activity while carrying the movie on her shoulders .
There are times in our life where art saves us ... Ava DuVernay 's beautiful and gripping A Wrinkle In Time is that miracle .
A dream setup that never quite comes together .
The film is undeniably flawed and messy , but there is a strong , passionate sense of heartbreak at its core , and the underlying message of hope and love manages to be both corny and aspirational
The film may involve the instant movement among unfathomable distances and the shattered limits of space and time , but it 's only Storm Reid 's character who feels multidimensional .
The scenes just drag on and seem to marvel at its special effects - which are n't that strong to begin with - instead of moving the story forward .
Still life with Oprah .

@highlight

A Wrinkle in Time is visually gorgeous , big-hearted , and occasionally quite moving ; unfortunately , it 's also wildly ambitious to a fault , and often less than the sum of its classic parts .