... the film 's final act turn towards quick , out of nowhere resolutions , hokey attempts at evocations of faith , and a rapid increase of sentimental slop does much to undercut `` I Am Legend '' 's excellent , forlorn first half .
If you ignore its flaws , I am Legend can be enjoyed as the perfect brainless Boxing Day blockbuster - but it is essentially a leftover festive turkey .
It 's a better-than-average blockbuster , which sweeps around some large ideas and interesting themes , but never delves for long enough to make this film a true classic .
Inevitably , ideas give way to special-effects
I Am Legend is three film genres for the price of one : Science Fiction , Action , and Horror , and while it 's no classic in any one arena it remains edgy fun .
This is no graphic shoot - 'em - up but an intelligent , if sometimes sentimental , exploration of human decency and responsibility that ponders the limits of rationality and faith .
There are some good points , but there are too many ineffectual aspects that keep I Am Legend from being the sophisticated film it was clearly meant to be .
Smith turns in a terrific performance , nailing Neville 's angst while allowing room for humor .
Smith still manages to find something touching and occasionally even tragic in the character .
For everything that is good about it , though , I Am Legend struggles against two primary problems .
It left me highly entertained , since out of the original story the filmmakers have created a different , but exciting and tense story filled with action , suspense and a lead character you can truly care about .
The movie is simply okay . Not awful , not great . Definitely beneath Smith 's abilities , though .
When they do , banging their heads against plate glass as movie zombies always do , I started needing something else to think about .
I Am Legend is far from a feel-good film ; it 's a familiar -LRB- for fans of Stephen King 's The Stand or Heston 's Omega Man -RRB- post-apocalyptic adventure rife with chills and hopelessness .
Will Smith shows some promise trying to find a cure for a horrific virus , but somehow the plot becomes Shrek , Bob Marley and God trying to save the world .
With `` I Am Legend , '' Will Smith has accomplished what Tom Hanks did back in 2000 : Effectively star in a movie that involves very little interaction with other human counterparts .
The monsters are routine CGI creations , crudely animated and unconvincing . In a film of such visual majesty and surprisingly weighty drama , they present an unfortunate and needless distraction .
I would n't dream of giving away the ending , but it 's not likely to satisfy either the action crowd or Matheson fans .
... a triumph of set design and CGI over story line or credibility .
If a horror movie is of true holy-bejesus caliber , you should be exhaling with relief at the end instead of thinking , ` Gee , that went fast ! '
Eerie and breathtakingly evocative , the solid I Am Legend nevertheless tries to be too many things to too many people , weighed down with cheap horror-film shock effects and barely passable CGI , instead of trusting in its legitimately captivating
The exacting demands of filmgoing audiences have finally drawn out the heart of this book . -LRB- Disclosure : I have not read it , but now am willing to . For the antidote to this impulse , see The Omega Man . -RRB- Adding a dog probably did n't hurt either .
I liked a lot of things about this movie , but there were two things that I did n't care for too much .
It is absolutely gripping in its vision of how lonely it would be to be the last man on Earth . It 's absolutely dull in almost every other respect .
O impacto dramático de seu desfecho é um tributo não só à narrativa construída com talento pelo diretor , mas também ao carisma do cada vez mais eficiente Will Smith .
I Am Legend has everything a great summer blockbuster should have - except it 's hitting theaters in December , not June .
Facing down a body-slamming , wholly inarticulate Alpha Male , Neville appeals to their shared humanity , even though it 's obvious : the damage of difference has been done .
merikes entyposiakes psifiakes beltistopoiiseis , anastatotikoys rythmoys , anatrihiastika plana adeias kai paratimenis sti zoygklopoiisi Neas Yorkis kai eksarseis synarpastikis drasis , na soy kratoyn syntrofia sta skotadia tis peinasmenis alla anisis , sath
The acting by Smith is excellent as he plays Robert Neville , a scientist who is slowly going crazy as the last uninfected human being in New York City .
Las libertades que se toma al adaptar la novela de culto de Richard Matheson no impiden que sea un entretenimiento efectivo y por momentos inquietante .
a solid piece of entertainment
I Am Legend is a grenade that goes off when least expected . It has more horror than heart , but it is never boring .
So often , sci-fi is overproduced , but I Am Legend does n't look like a CGI extravaganza . It looks like an edgy suspense movie shot on the fly in New York City after the fall . And because of that , it 's all the more effective .
A film capable of more , settling for less .
Scary , thought-provoking , jump-in-your seat suspenseful , it conjures up a ` Cast Away ' meets ` Dawn of the Dead ' concoction full of simultaneous solitude and nightmares .
` I Am Legend ' is essentially a Will Smith one-man show , and he succeeds marvelously .
Smith is a good deal better than Arnold might have been , and the dog is wonderful . Watch the first hour and see something a bit special .
Bold , and successfully maintains suspense .
first-time feature director Francis Lawrence deserves an ovation for his scene-setting and early scare count .
What started out so promisingly , a companion piece of sorts to Children of Men , disappears in a frenzy of screaming , head-banging , bloodiness - followed by totally unconvincing redemption .
The actor 's natural charisma carries the movie in I Am Legend , a film in which Smith is left talking to himself most of the time .
There is something a bit thin about the story , and just as in 28 Days Later , I find that digital , rage-filled zombies halve in dramatic interest with every second that passes .
I Am Legend feels like a work in progress , the sort of movie you can bet will get the director 's cut treatment when it 's released on DVD . In the meantime , we have a film that does n't make sense and boasts dire special effects .
The depiction of the eerily overgrown city is one of the first genuine and unobtrusive testaments to the groundbreaking power of computer-generated effects in years .
Despite stunning visuals , it is a B-movie .
A film that blends a blockbustery bluster with a gaunt apocalyptic sobriety to good effect that is only compromised by its latter stages .
Though it fails to do justice to Matheson 's novel , / I Am Legend / is n't without merit , particularly in its stately , moody build-up . Unfortunately , the final act squanders the tension in favour of daft religious symbolism and silly CG zombies . Shame .
Issues of depth aside , this is as distracting an event movie as there 's been all year . But it 's the stuff of multiplex , not legend .
You 're left gawping at $ 100 million-worth of eye-popping futuristic B-movie .
Much better than any self-respecting science fiction fan could have hoped for ...
Enjoyable , impressively designed thriller with a strong performance by Will Smith , though it 's let down by a disappointing ending and some dodgy effects work .
While the sun shines , it 's a four-star thriller with a superb turn from Smith . When the moon rises , it 's a two-star horror cartoon with some of the worst FX we 've seen all year . So , really , it has to average out at ...
When I am Legend reaches for the tissues in the third act , director Lawrence loses his grip on the film entirely
It 's a well-made and chillingly effective zombie movie , but that 's all it is .
While the last half hour is a weak and unnecessary pat ending typical of Hollywood , Lawrence wins me over on the first half , and I absolutely loved what was on display here ...
... virtually a one-man show for -LSB- Will -RSB- Smith , who commands the screen .
Thanks to the botched cancer cure , ` social de-evolution has occurred , ' says Will . ` And typical human behavior is now entirely absent . ' In other words , it 's another night on the town with Lindsay Lohan !
... does its job very well : we jump , we cringe , we even weep . Sometimes it goes just a little beyond the predictable as well .
The opening act is too magnificent for the terrible ending to wreck it .
It 's a shame that Smith 's heartfelt work and preparation does n't pay off with better background and CGI work .
The German shepherd makes this worth seeing .
Liking Smith is one thing and praising his hollow performance here , as almost all of them have , is another .
PG-13 thrills to placate more easily placated genre fans , while serving up Will Smith in a variant on Cast Away with a dog to talk to rather than a volley ball .
The end result is an eerie , creepy , doomsday-laden film with plenty of thrills % u2013 and for anyone so inclined , a smattering of metaphors that pass comment on the human condition .
A tidy post-apocalyptic thriller starring the increasingly impressive Will Smith .
I Am Legend sees Smith deliver a surprisingly moving performance as he wanders empty New York streets going slowly ga-ga .
Will Smith plays Robert Neville robbed of most of his anguish and his advancing madness . Some of the visual images are nice .
` I Am Legend ' may boil down to a zombie flick with a religious motif , yet it entertains the way a popcorn movie should .
Will Smith is in prime form .
Almost unrelievedly grim and increasingly tedious as it goes along , with a third act that stumbles badly and a coda that 's speciously uplifting .
Will Smith 's astounding one man show is never less than physically and emotionally shattering , from moment to gripping moment . Think An Inconvenient Truth : The Last Sequel . Ever . And give the man a couple of awards a stiff drink .
Lawrence 's film is probably the most fun audiences will likely have during this holiday season . But it 's also the emptiest and most calculated of efforts ...
I Am Legend is Will Smith 's one-man sci-fi thrill show , entertaining in all the ways we 've come to expect from the talented actor .
It 's a tense and strangely quiet movie . ... But this is no horror film .
pretty much a one-man show , and Smith proves to have the acting chops to keep us interested in the story
It 's got a great performance by Will Smith and just enough edge-of-your-seat entertainment to remain recommended , even if the cinematic house of cards collapses during the third act .
New York City co-stars with Will Smith in this intense film and both give Oscar-caliber performances
Some movies , from Superman : The Motion Picture to Office Space , are great until they get around to telling a story . Add I Am Legend to that list .
There 's greatness inside I Am Legend , however it 's too much work to act enthused about a film that runs out of gas halfway through .
Will Smith raises his game and insists that those around him do the same . The result is a movie that 's massively entertaining , and another jewel in its star 's cinematic crown .
This is Will Smith 's Cast Away .
I love movies where survivors have to find supplies . You give me two hours of Will Smith alone gathering supplies , that 's all I could ever hope for . I Am Legend gave me even more . It is the best survival movie ever made .
Before the diseased-yet-oddly superhuman villains start to appear en masse , I Am Legend works surprisingly well . Then they do .
Smith is given the opportunity to explore every emotion and he does them all admirably . I must also give credit to Sam the dog , Robert 's only real companion . Not since Wilson the volleyball ... in `` CastAway , '' has a non-speaking character meant so much to
As good as the action scenes are , the humanity in -LSB- Will -RSB- Smith 's performance is most responsible for I Am Legend 's success .
Solitary and suspenseful , it 's the scary of which nightmares are made .
The last man on Earth screams there is no God and has a dog who will not obey his commands .
The ending feels like M. Night Shyamalan gone all wrong adapting Stephen King . Still Will Smith gives a solid performance and Sam is sure to become legend among Hollywood canines .
Will Smith carries the day ... and the movie .
The incredible amount of buildup and excitement of the first half ends up driving us down the road to disappointment .
This new version of I am Legend completely perverts the meaning of the title , losing the clever , dark irony and turning it instead into something heroic rather than something tragic .
Fits comfortably among a spate of recent films - inclusive of dramas , thrillers , action pictures and anxiety-infused comedies - which all can be boiled down to : we are lost .
Each successive development in the increasingly ludicrous narrative saps a little more of the goodwill engendered by the early scenes .
For about three quarters of its running time , I was thinking this could be one of the very best movies of the year .
In the infantile prioritizing that occurs when Hollywood wants to be ` inspirational , ' the hero 's Everyman crisis of religious faith is supposed to be as important to audiences as his struggle to save humanity from extinction .
The herky-jerky script , by Mark Protosevich and Akiva Goldsman , favors vignettes and set pieces over dramatic development , and those damned zombies are everywhere , overwhelming the proceedings with their slobbering and howling .
I Am Legend is a blockbuster like no other , one that finds its grandness in modesty . It 's a star vehicle with a star who knows his place in the universe .
The pulp ironies grow so crude and deafening that despite its scattered virtues , I Am Legend leaves you emotionally parched and aesthetically ticked-off .
I Am Legend is actually about the last man on earth played by one of the last real movie stars on earth .
The stunning set pieces -LRB- the production cleared and dressed the streets of New York for every outdoor scene -RRB- serve as the backdrop to Smith 's rending performance as a man struggling against guilt , hope , and God .
The movie works well while it 's running , although it raises questions that later only mutate in our minds .
I admire the intent of Mr. Smith , who has made it his mission to mix escapist fare with socially relevant material . Legend seems to split the difference and land in the middle of nowhere . That 's a lonely place for moviegoers to be .
What should be shattering is often merely intriguing .
After its promising opening , I Am Legend devolves into a generic zombie slaughterfest , highly reminiscent of Danny Boyle 's 28 Days Later and its sequel 28 Weeks Later .
Lawrence 's direction is patient , solid and suspenseful , and his vision of a lone fellow wandering through the atavistic hulk of Manhattan yields an indelible portrait of post-cataclysmic solitude .
I Am Legend may be the umpteenth variation on the post-apocalyptic zombie genre , but , for the first two-thirds , it 's nervy and haunting and creepily adroit .
Go for the thrills , for some nerve-gnawing suspense , for the wonderful production design and for the opportunity to spend some time with Will Smith . But this one is not the stuff of legend .
For the most part , I Am Legend delivers the kind of eerie suspense that will bring joy to the world of casual horror fans everywhere .
It does n't serve I Am Legend to give you too much time to think . Better when it 's galloping forward at top speed , dodging caribou and translucent zombies and putting the dog in peril .
For horror fans , Halloween came a little later than usual this year , but it was worth the wait .
The Manhattan movie of the year , Francis Lawrence 's I Am Legend , offers a stunning glimpse into how the city -- as we know it today -- might look in 2012 if it were abandoned in 2009 .
Is going to be bigger than crucifix sales on Judgment Day . Scary , inventive , exciting and breathless adventure .
The vampires are n't a particularly inspiring creation -- all pale and hairless and red-eyed -- but director Francis Lawrence gets some great effects out of New York itself .
For all the straining efforts of the star and overheated action and warmed-over emotionalism , this is a grim and flat and too often listless film .
I Am Legend , despite its glumness , ultimately feels like a watered-down version of more thoughtful doomsday movies like Children of Men , or Sunshine or 28 Days Later . Or 28 Weeks Later .
Will Smith passes a big test -- let 's call it the Tom Hanks-in-Cast Away test -- for any movie star : carrying a movie alone for most of the way .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Lawrence is pretty good at the spectacular stuff . And he 's smart enough to let Smith be Smith . But there 's only so much you can do with CGI monsters that do n't seem right for this kind of sci-fi scenario .
Smith has delivered the popcorn movie of this holiday season .
It 's in the last half-hour that I Am Legend imports new elements that both propel the story to its explosive climax and just are n't as compelling as the day-in-the-life story that preceded it .
-LSB- Smith 's -RSB- powerful performance is not enough to save the movie -- initially a potent meditation on loneliness and an absorbing doomsday action movie -- from taking a wrong turn and never getting back on track .
` Nothing worked the way it was supposed to work ! ' Will Smith rages from his solitary hell in I Am Legend , yet this remarkable sci-fi thriller works a lot better than anyone could have expected .
Even as an incredibly expensive hunk of eye candy , the film comes up surprisingly short .
Had I Am Legend kept its personal , human and contemplative atmosphere over the loud , crowd-pleasing whiz-bang action , these messages of faith may have carried more weight and heart .
I Am Legend is a scientific marvel - A must see on a cold winter night !!
The final smells of creative indifference , and for all that Lawrence and company get right the last thirty seconds are enough to shatter all that good will into devastatingly second-rate pieces .
While scary at first , the film dies shortly after it gets going .
For most of the way it 's starker -LRB- even with the comic relief -RRB- and more eerie in its atmospherics than the usual big-budget monster .
I Am Legend should be a stark , frightening story of post-apocalyptic New York , but the film is shockingly never once scary , valuing countless overhead shots of an empty Manhattan over anything relatable .
Downright hokey ... a billboard for a Batman-Superman team-up movie ... will elicit more gasps from the fanboys than anything else .
If you like your science fiction with some popcorn-throwing moments , check out this post-apocalyptic story before someone spoils it for you .
Smith has the ability to make you feel he 's a regular guy put into an extraordinary situation , instead of a movie superhero who handles such things as a matter of course .
Good enough that the mistakes it makes are genuinely frustrating rather than feeling par for the course .
Mind-blowing excitement , an expert thriller that really thrills and makes you think . A special shout-out for the dog , Sam . Now that 's acting !
It moves fast , it 's exciting , it 's suspenseful , stuff blows up , and , best of all , Smith is n't smirking and showboating .
The design of the film is absolutely superb .
Provides a well-produced , if not necessarily fresh , version of the apocalyptic scenario , with the most haunting visuals being that of empty New York .
I Am Legend is a depressing experience . For everything it gets right , dozens of things go horribly , horribly wrong .
The movie ... seems to mutate into a clone of 28 Days Later since the virus not only has altered those infected ... but have transformed many of them into CGI figures ...
I Am Legend simply sucks but that 's putting it a little too mildly when the last man on earth is liable to skip over it in favor of I Am Sam .
Feels like a false start allowed to run the length of the track . There 's an effort , but nothing is really accomplished .
A film that obviously feels familiar , yet fresh and exciting at the same time
a captivating and exciting film because of Smith , but even he ca n't save us from this ending .
though a little too pat in its conclusion , the journey it takes to get there is no less entertaining .
I do n't know how well I Am Legend will hold up on repeat viewings , or over time -- but while it 's happening , I Am Legend is a slick , scary , superbly made action/science fiction/horror film with a lot more art , heart and smarts than you 'd expect .
It looks like poor old Richard Matheson will go to his grave without ever seeing a movie that does justice to his great 1954 novel , I Am Legend .
Director Francis Lawrence makes eerie , effective use of New York City locations drained of human activity , shooting them for maximum anxiety and agoraphobia .
Maybe not the most uplifting choice for a holiday flick , but Smith 's riveting performance and tight action scenes make this a smart , gripping view of the end of the world .
Smith is , as always , a likable hero , and his unforced performance is definitely a saving grace .
I liked it better when it was called 28 Days Later .
The silence , the suspense , and Smith 's accessible performance draw you in for some post-apocalyptic fun .
In spite of its third-act collapse into obviousness and sentimentality , I Am Legend is among Will Smith 's better movies .
The movie year 's most expensive and ambitious sci-fi spectacular , I Am Legend , is three movies in one : a futuristic effects-o-rama , a zombie thriller and a survivalist parable . Each is better than average , and the experience is fairly gripping .
Big Willie has no problem holding the screen . In fact , trouble enters only when the script overcomplicates things in the end . Until then , especially in a growling dogfight , director Francis Lawrence keeps you squirming .
In the end , this is a sci-fi zombie movie , folks .
Even weeks after having seen the film , I can still remember many of the nuances of Smith 's performance - in my usual vortex of forgettable film screenings , this is rare indeed .
if not a classic , at least memorable as it aspires , but does n't quite succeed , in being more than just a horror flick as mindless as the roving mutants it showcases
Most everything in I Am Legend feels lifted from elsewhere .
I Am Legend is a wasted opportunity -- a rickety , weather-beaten framework around an otherwise strong central performance from Smith .
Smith goes deeper here than he ever has on screen to show us the desperation and devastation that are attacking the infratructure of his rational mind like the grass is overtaking the city streets .
It 's almost as if the filmmakers wanted to say something about isolation , and loneliness , in the urban environment . Almost .
A scary sci-fi story set in Manhattan in 2012 where a lone surviving scientist struggles to find a cure for the virus that has destroyed most of the human race .
I Am Legend is a frightening film . What gets under your skin , though , has nothing to do with the conventional horror elements .
Instead of maintaining its edgy sense of constant discomfort , the movie is compelled to make Neville as fuzzily adorable and messianic as possible .
Even though Lawrence 's film is an honorable attempt to bring more depth and meaning to the tale , ultimately he probably should have opted for more gore , less grief .
A very disappointing sci-fi snoozer .
What starts off as a compelling drama descends into a stock B-grade horror flick with some of the worst big budget special effects of recent memory .
What we have here is about two-thirds great and one-third awful , and in that order .
A big part of the reason for this movie 's nose dive around the one-hour mark is that , seen up close , the Infected just are n't that scary .
One great big stinking pile of missed opportunity .
I Am Legend is carried for a long while on the strength of Smith 's performance , but even he can carry it only so far .
Intense , thoughtful thriller has some big scares .
Director Francis Lawrence alternates cleverly among scenes of high tension , ferocious scares and moments that bring home Neville 's feeling of abandonment and solitude .
The only perspective you 'll gain about being the last man on earth is that other cars never move and TV 's always in reruns . Eerily similar .
All the effort that went into the spectacle of destroying Manhattan in flashbacks could have been better spent on developing the claustrophobic , creepy present .
Smith is worth watching ; the movie is not .
The third act is where it finally , fatally trips itself up . A couple of key revelations seem like they are leading somewhere and suddenly , the film is over .
-LSB- M -RSB- agnificently disturbing ... . a masterful rendering of a city stripped of its soul ...
This ca n't - miss concept , in development for decades , was done first and done better in 28 Days Later .
The popcorn elements are well handled , but what lingers is the sense of urban despair .
If , as a movie , I Am Legend is less stylistically mind blowing and intellectually ambitious than last year 's Yuletide dystopia , Children of Men , it 's not far off .
And as for that ending ... sigh . I guess two thirds of a great movie is better than nothing .
The monsters ... look like cartoonish , drooling mannequins . It 's like being chased through the Macy 's men 's department .
I would n't want to watch I Am Legend again even if it were the last movie on Earth .
Superlative fright-fest featuring Will Smith at the top of his game as the last human survivor in a Manhattan full of night-dwelling mutants .
The first half , the sci-fi part , is fine ; the second , the same ol' undead horror segment , is tune-out time .
Whether he 's attempting to maintain his sense of bravado or glimpsing his complete and total despair , Smith nails the character brilliantly .
Even with Smith acting up a storm , what starts out as a potentially fascinating picture about an apocalyptic plague soon devolves into yet another special-effects laden zombie movie .
A largely terrific , meanly gripping movie ... nearly upended by the use of some noticeably lousy CGI effects . Ditch the computers , slather some greasepaint on some extras , and we 'd be talking a minor classic .
Reasonably absorbing .
The film descends into a monster-movie malaise starring a horde of balding CGI monsters that look like refugees from a video game and that will scare absolutely no one , save those who worry that green-screening is ruining the movies .
... The film is well-done , a case of suspenseful competence trumping questionable relevance .
A fun movie . It 's a popcorn thriller providing some alternative fare for genre fans during the drama-heavy awards season .
The demands of 21st century Hollywood strain the story . It 's big and exciting , but not very smart .
I Am Legend turns from a quiet meditation on the nature of humanity into a B-movie schlockfest .
While I Am Legend is formulaic sci-fi action -LRB- ripping-off 28 Weeks Later -RRB- it 's only interesting as a cultural-political artifact .
Unwise use of CGI is eventually no more debilitating a defect than I Am Legend 's wayward third act , which begins with Neville cornily reciting lines from Shrek .
Smith nails the portrayal . It 's not the kind of work that will earn him an Oscar nomination but audiences usually do n't see better than this in genre films .
The movie takes chances , assuming its audience is up for more than ear-splitting explosions , zombie retreads , and happy , catchphrase laden endings .
The first two thirds and change of I Am Legend is terrific mindless fun : crackerjack action with gnashing vampires barely glimpsed -LRB- and scarier for that -RRB- and how 'd - they-do-that New York locations that retroactively justify the traffic jams .
Even A Boy and His Dog -LRB- 1974 -RRB- carried a stronger punch -LSB- than this -RSB- visually transformative but thematically weak movie .
Looking terrific , star Will Smith gives a commanding perfromance that tries to link two disparate films competing for attention . A stark apocalyptic saga with some existential ideas -LRB- first half -RRB- and a conventional special-effects zombie flick -LRB- second -RRB- .
The film can never quite decide whether it 's speculative fiction or a B-movie horror show . It 's not a fatal flaw , though .
Remarkably eerie yet annoyingly larded with cheap horror-film shock effects .
One of the more creative presentations on -LSB- a -RSB- very worn theme despite the usual pathology to devour or infect humans .
Combining the poor choice of Will Smith in the lead with some of the worst CG work since Van Helsing , this dog makes the recent The Invasion come across like a masterpiece .







@highlight

I Am Legend overcomes questionable special effects and succeeds largely on the strength of Will Smith 's mesmerizing performance .