An excellent screenplay and fantastic performances make Trust one of the year 's best films .
A film that every parent and teenager ought to see .
parathetei me epwdynh safhneia tis epiptwseis ths katabarathrwshs ayths ths empistosynhs , thn synaisthhmatikh ths apoksenwsh ap ' toys alhthina dikoys ths anthrwpoys kai thn metallaksh ths oikeiothtas sthn opoia eixe ependysei
Schwimmer directs with sensitivity and restraint , and gets excellent performances from his cast . Owen pulls off some heart-wrenching scenes , although it 's Liberato 's revelatory performance as the emotionally confused teen that holds the film together .
Schwimmer 's matter-of-factness becomes a dose of bald reality in the second half of the film ... two scenes of concentrated fury and anguish ... are among Owen 's best work ever .
For the most part this is a well acted , intelligent attempt to explore a tough topic .
Schwimmer directs with intelligence and a minimum of hysteria , deftly handling the shifts in atmosphere this creepy story requires .
Even if it 's a mite clunky , Trust does a decent job and avoids the regulation happy ending .
A gripping , if at times melodramatic , family drama .
This is a very good , thoughtful film and an important one .
Trust centers around a horrible event , but it 's the uncomfortable shades of grey - as well as the outstanding performances - which make it smart , original and utterly compelling .
This is all very worthy and well acted but it does feel like a cautionary tale designed to provoke classroom debate .
Great performances and an intelligent treatment of a hot topic . Profoundly moving .
The whole section of the plot dealing with Will 's shame and rage at failing to protect his child is hammily and unconvincingly acted .
Liana Liberato is superb as the girl sinking by slow degrees into the `` trust '' of the title .
Committed performances and a masterful first act bolster this structurally flawed handling of an impossibly tricky subject .
Schwimmer , for all his film 's limitations , deserves a lot of credit for finding a gifted actress the same age as his central character , and sculpting Liberato 's blazing , wounded , needy and all-round award-level performance into the gem it is .
Owen and Keener give excellent performances , while newcomer Liberato is a significant find . Yet for all its power and understatement , Trust is only a few clicks away from sexploitation .
Any parent of a teenage child , but especially those fully aware of how technology is opening doors to strange places like never before , will find Trust a deeply disturbing watch .
It may not change your life , but it may just make you wonder what your child is up to on that computer , and just who he or she is `` talking '' to .
An exercise in sober drama and a middle-class cautionary tale which explores a family ripped up by the roots after the rape of a 14-year-old girl .
Director David Schwimmer 's cautionary tale of the very real dangers posed by manipulative paedophiles grooming young kids on the internet scores some direct hits .
Superbly written and impressively directed , this is a powerful and important drama with terrific performances from its three leads , though its impact is slightly lessened by a shift in focus during the second half .
A strong , compelling and disturbing story that struggles to reach a decent ending .
Piece by piece , `` Trust '' is built and played with deft care , with such reliably fine actors as Catherine Keener and Viola Davis playing Annie 's mom and trauma counselor .
Audiences most definitely will squirm and wish they were anywhere but in the theater , despite the fact that it features some of Clive Owen 's best work and a startling movie debut by the 15-year-old Liana Liberato .
Little more than a well-acted series of loose ends and cop-outs .
A big-screen version of a Lifetime Network movie -- more sharply drawn and powerfully delivered , perhaps , but essentially cut from the same cloth .
Trust is heartrending in its depiction of the gulf between the female teenage victim of such a coercive assault and especially her father , as well as the manner in which adolescent judgment is reasonably fallible .
A story of sexual predation that evolves into a psychological thriller . Predictable but well done .
What Trust conveys , at its best , is that ultimately parental protections are not foolproof , and that is the greatest horror of all .
Schwimmer directs this smarmy Hot Topic drama with empathy for the craft of acting but less interest in the craft of making a movie move .
David Schwimmer has taken on a subject that most people would not want to touch with a 10-foot pole . And , may I add , he 's done an exemplary job .
`` Trust '' has all the ingredients of a modern-day horror story that is all too real in our society of instant communication .
-LSB- A -RSB- challenging and provocative must-see movie that provides no pat answers and will surely have audiences talking long afterwards .
Characters are less characters than placards in a revved-up PSA about the Gen Y horrors of teen rape .
While Schwimmer finds all the creepy horror in the rape of an underage girl by a thirtysomething guy , it 's how he handles the fallout , especially Annie 's denial and youthful fantasies , that make `` Trust '' worth watching .
Prurient , ham-handed and amateurish .
The psychology of trauma and the trauma of familial psychology are densely interlaced and vividly portrayed in Trust . It 's a feat of unexpected difficulty from David Schwimmer , and it earns the elusive commodity invoked by the title .
I must admit -LSB- Schwimmer 's -RSB- done a solid job with this queasy drama .
Online predator targets teen in mature , creepy drama .
The script is blaring and obvious at all times , and in his second directorial effort , David Schwimmer does n't have a clue how dull it is for the audience to endure scene after scene of anguish , crying and screaming matches .
There is no denying that Schwimmer knows something about getting a performance out of an actor . Liberato , who is 15 now , is flat-out terrific .
Schwimmer 's handling of the multifaceted emotional and psychological terrain on display here is delicate and utterly compassionate .
The mantle of social relevance can be a heavy one , but `` Trust , '' a smooth drama about a girl 's seduction and rape by a middle-aged Internet predator , is neither preachy nor hysterically overreaching .
Unfortunately , this well-acted cautionary tale is hampered by a lack of visual finesse and a script -LRB- by Andy Bellin and Robert Festinger -RRB- in need of a narrative rethink and a dialogue polish .
The claustrophobic film offers a strange anti-catharsis ; it 's all tension and frustration with no crowd-pleasing release .
It 's easy to imagine how this story could have been exploited and dumbed down . It works instead with intelligence and sympathy .
A poignant drama about a vulnerable teenage girl , a manipulative pedophile on the Internet and a loving father who is forced to wrestle with his explosive emotions
An episode of To Catch a Predator that confuses itself for In the Bedroom .
He 's adept with actors , but Schwimmer has yet to locate his strengths behind the camera .
There is a better place for films like David Schwimmer 's Trust than a theater , and that place is the Movie of the Week slot on broadcast television
Director David Schwimmer depicts the ease of online deception with terrifyingly plausibility .
Afterschool Special stuff , but the ensemble rings quite true in their coping processes , as director David Schwimmer proves adept at tracking rogue emotions that no closing Ordinary People clench can satisfactorily resolve .
Actor-helmer David Schwimmer makes an ill-advised shift into Afterschool Special territory with his sophomore feature , Trust .
This theme is well-drawn , and the film plays out with great intensity as Owen 's character grapples with the fact that the daughter he loves might have changed forever .
A thought-provoking film that manages to incorporate horrifying information without feeling like an after-school special ... thoughtful , disturbing .
David Schwimmer 's sophomore effort as a director is a tour de force of socially relevant dramatic filmmaking .
Chilling , compelling and compassionate - this cautionary tale is so realistic and provocative that it should be ` must ' viewing for families with teenagers .
An exciting 14-year-old actress anchors a gripping tale of statutory rape and its impact on a family . -LRB- What upset the victim is not what you think . -RRB-
Owen gives the best performance he 's delivered since Children of Men and Liberato gives one of the best teenage performances ever .
It had potential , but the execution is all wrong , as it should have been handled with more sensitivity .
... Trust benefits substantially from the uniformly impressive performances ...


@highlight

Director David Schwimmer gets some gut-wrenching performances out of his actors but he still lacks the chops to fully ratchet up story tension .