Predictable but pleasant movie for teens and up .
Russell Crowe brings to bear his now-familiar acting tics in a not-so-tender romance by director Ridley Scott .
-LSB- Russel Crowe 's -RSB- supply of quips and pratfalls is inexhaustible , even when he 's trapped at the bottom of a swimming pool surrounded by peat and dry leaves . Alas , he escapes .
Under the Tuscan Sun for men
Forget that this is a film about a man 's epiphany about what 's important in life , and enjoy it for its lighthearted moments , slapstick comedy , but most of all its divine locations .
Crowe has located his funnybone again in a conventional but engaging romantic comedy ...
This Gallic tourist-porn feels as stale as yesterday 's baguette .
` Look Homeward , Gladiator ' hints at new dimensions of warmth and heart in Russell Crowe and Ridley Scott . They 're not there yet , but they 're headed in the right direction .
A Good Year is , structurally , nothing more than a rickety assembly of the creakiest cinematic clichés .
It 's so goddamned cute you almost want to puke , but you do n't . This is the most charming movie of the year , and it comes within an inch of being too sweet to stand , but it does n't get there .
Does not translate into a good film .
The course A Good Year takes feels like it 's on rails : there 's only one possible destination and only one way to get there .
Scott 's film is like a reproduction of things he 's seen in romantic comedies over the years with no idea why they 're there .
Alternately , you could do your laundry , which would be just as exciting and possibly more dramatic .
A leaden attempt at an upbeat romp from the downcast , feel-bad tag team of actor Russell Crowe and director Ridley Scott , the movie is like hearing a knock-knock joke told by a mortician .
They -LSB- director Ridley Scott and star Russell Crowe -RSB- may have had a good time making the film , but I ca n't say I did while watching it .
You can do worse than seeing a movie with gorgeous scenery , a predictable plot and sweet characters .
Provence looks like a lovely place to visit and Mr. Scott deserves his rest now and then , but let 's hope he gets back to darker work soon .
Every Scott movie has worthwhile visual dazzle , but this is what happens when Hollywood giants lecture against the evils of wealth .
Too bad , really , because as changes of pace go this one should have been magnificent .
Russell Crowe trying to twinkle may not be the most unsettling thing on the big screen this season , but it 's up there .
Russell Crowe has many talents , but a gift for light comedy is not one of them .
There are some pretty funny things in there .
... starts out as pleasantly predictable ... but bogs down ...
A pleasant enough diversion if you can get past the ` Borat ' - like embarrassment of slapstick moments .
They were so adamant about not repeating -LSB- Gladiator 's -RSB- themes that they borrowed a new one from Pixar 's Cars .
A Good Year is nothing to Crowe about .
A Good Year is a bad movie .
When I think of humor and lightness of touch , Scott is about the last director to leap to mind , and Crowe nearly the last actor .
It 's pleasant stuff , going down about as easy as a vintage merlot .
Could be packaged alongside Under the Tuscan Sun and sold with matching , his-and-hers fluffy bathrobes .
Ridley Scott 's lush adaptation of Peter Mayle 's novel about a ruthless London commodities trader who finds his soul in Provence is broad , hackneyed and stultifyingly predictable .
Crowe , a superb dramatic actor , is congenitally incapable of humour , especially when he tries slapstick .
On a rainy day , A Good Year may be welcome fantasy ; the question is whether anyone will remember it after the clouds have parted .
Despite some stunning visuals and a lot of nice moments , the finished product feels like the work of an actor and director who are out of their element .
Despite all the sunny , Provencale charms , the plot is a wisp of wee gags , peeps of flesh , mildly charming repartee .
Awkward when delivering lighthearted dialogue , Crowe seems profoundly uncomfortable with physical comedy , approaching it with an intense earnestness that smothers potential chuckles .
Intentions are good in A Good Year , but the sweat is too obvious on the brows of all involved .
Whatever joy Scott and his cohorts might have experienced on location did n't make its way into the movie . This Good Year is no good time .
The overall effect is one of a sumptuously laid table where the main course is overcooked .
Crowe never connects with this character , and his internal journey from putz to prince never attains any emotional resonance .
A Good Year is like a promising wine that 's a bit new to the bottle . It goes down rough , but there 's this marvelous aftertaste on the palate .
If this is A Good Year , please spare us a bad one .
Close your eyes . And now imagine the whole thing re-cast and shot by Stanley Donen back in , say , 1962 , with Cary Grant and Leslie Caron .
A Good Year , an innocuous , feel-good movie that reunites Russell Crowe with the director Ridley Scott , is a three-P movie : pleasant , pretty and predictable . One might add piddling .
A Good Year may not be vintage stuff , but it goes down fairly smoothly .
Like a fragile Provence wine left too long in the sun , Ridley Scott 's romantic comedy A Good Year spoiled somewhere between the publication of Peter Mayle 's novel and this cockamamie adaptation .
Movies with predictable arcs rise or fall on their cinematic moments . Fortunately , there are several in A Good Year .
A Good Year is never less than visually ravishing , its warm , inviting vistas of the French countryside and its unhurried , pleasant vibe putting the viewer in the same frame of mind as Max .
One suspects it was a lot more fun to make this movie than it is to watch it .
Ridley Scott 's obvious love affair with sunny and sensual Provence ultimately makes A Good Year worth watching .
A Good Year builds so much fairy-tale contrivance with such boisterous high spirits that it 's exhausting to keep feeling good about feeling good .
A Good Year is a chance for Crowe and his Gladiator director Ridley Scott to slow down and appreciate the good things , like beautiful women , good wine and a country home in France .
Russell Crowe would appear to mix with light comedy about the same way oil mixes with water . Which is to say , not at all .
The comedy A Good Year provides a good excuse for insisting that actors and directors are better off playing to their strong suits .
Full of pretentious grape-droppings on how wine is like life , only tastier and with a bolder finish , A Good Year is at best elusive to the palate . At worst , it 's a bad pressing of a vintage that has no reisling to exist .
A Good Year is the story of a jerk in an expensive suit who inherits a French chateau and , after a few transformative weeks under the Provençal sun , becomes a jerk in a ratty bathrobe .
A pleasant jaunt through one of the most beautiful places on the planet -- encased in a story that ends up making you feel that all is right with the world .
A shamelessly enjoyable retread , an ode to la belle vie that has been well turned on a factory spindle .
A Good Year feels as if it takes a year to watch , and not a very good year at that .
It 's an amiable picture , and witty in parts ; but it never goes anywhere you do n't expect it to , and after a while you may start to lose enthusiasm for going along with it .
Is it good for those Gladiator dudes Ridley Scott and Russell Crowe to team up again for a romantic comedy about winemaking in the South of France ? Perhaps not , but it 's a nice try .
an aggressively mellow comedy that shows off the bucolic beauty of Provence , extolls the virtues of country living and then bellows ` Relax -- right now ! ' at the viewer .
Pays homage to classic European cinema without being overly pretentious or particularly deep .
Scott tries to pump up this slender tale into something more meaningful : His tactic of choice is to bully us into always feeling something , which leads to an astonishing amount of clumsy comedy and overreaching sentiment .
The humor is fast and witty - P.G. Wodehouse on rocket fuel .
It 's harmless . If by harmless you mean zombifying and cynical .
Magically transports us to the sensuous setting of southern France where memory , love , and a grand fondness for place conspire to alter the life of a selfish London trader
Slick and sweet but superficial and only occasionally intoxicating .
... an airy , pleasant diversion for those who like light entertainment , solidly constructed . Like a good table wine , it goes down easy .
It does n't matter that the storyline of Ridley Scott 's A Good Year is different from that of its inspiration - Peter Mayle 's book , A Year in Provence . But it does matter that the tone is flippant and that we do n't fall in love with the central character
Like spending two hours with someone who is tiresome but who thinks you should find him exceedingly charming .
... a film with all the subtlety and bouquet of a screw-top bottle of wine purchased in the bargain bin of your local supermarket .
As much respect I have for Crowe as a dramatic actor , the painful truth is , comedy just is n't his forte .
One could do worse than to please one 's eyes with the pictures here , but that may be as far as any stimulation goes .
When did Russell Crowe morph into Jimmy Fallon ? You practically can see Crowe screaming to the audience , ` Do n't you like me ? I really really want you to like me . '
Plonk is a Britishism for cheap , low-quality wine -- not undrinkable , by any means , just nothing special . As much could be said for this film , lightly based on the helium-weight plonk of a best-seller by Peter Mayle .
the scenery 's about the only thing worth appreciating in this mediocre Year .
There is n't a milliliter of honest feeling from start to finish , and precious little comedy or romance .
Russell Crowe may find himself discovering the simple joys of life in A Good Year , but audiences will be checking their watches during this joyless attempt at comedy .
It 's light , airy , easygoing , idyllic and rather goofy .
In A Good Year , Crowe gets to make jokes and wisecracks that show off his boyishly mischievous comic timing .
It 's no surprise that you can see A Good Year 's plot twists and clunker of an ending from a mile away .
Figuring out why director Ridley Scott and star Russell Crowe were happy as can be to make A Good Year is not difficult . What 's harder to come up with are compelling reasons to see it .
It 's the first time -LSB- Crowe or Scott -RSB- has tried his hand at comedy ; there 's a lot of self-conscious talk about the importance of timing , but the tony sense of entitlement tends to dampen any laughs .
The lush glimmer of the scenery is so eye-catching that it 's easy to sit back and experience A Good Year as a kind of tony travelogue .
Scott and Crowe , who last worked together on Gladiator , should have stuck with the togas ; Crowe runs the emotional gamut from bored to perplexed to just plain miserable in a romantic comedy that is neither romantic nor comic .
If nothing else , A Good Year conveys why the people in Provence are sick to mort of tourists who show up to get sloppy on red wine and revel in the countryside 's Cezanne gorgeousness .
You 've got to wonder if old pals Scott and Crowe had such a great time on the set , they simply forgot to channel any of that experience into the film itself .
There 's a lazy quality to the movie . It 's as if the filmmakers imagined themselves as taking a vacation while they were shooting it .
This flat-as-last-night 's - champagne comedy is yet another epiphanic tale about a hard-driving corporate workaholic who learns how to stop and smell the roses , or the grapevine fertilizer , as is the case here .
It 's corny and predictable and delightfully simplistic in its goal : to provide a couple of hours of fun . Mission accomplished .
There are precious few surprises in A Good Year -- its story , like its garden paths , is well-trod and familiar .
Despite the failings of the script and the story , it was the ambience that made the film an enjoyable experience for me . ... -LRB- O -RRB- bserving life in Provence , lived by people like Russell Crowe and Abbie Cornish . What 's wrong with that ?
Ridley Scott and Russell Crowe attempt light romantic comedy in A Good Year , and the results are as grindingly discordant as a punk band writing a suite of waltzes .
This seemingly unassailable trifecta of director , actor and setting is as stale as a week-old baguette .
Almost entirely siphons the magic out of -LSB- Mayle 's Provence -RSB-
For those who do n't mind pictures that fall into predictable rhythms , A Good Year represents a pleasant diversion .
Crowe 's as excellent a romantic lead as he is a gladiator , and A Good Year would n't be nearly as good without him .
Watching Russell Crowe attempt comedy ... is a bit like watching a dancing bear at the circus . He makes the right moves , but the rhythm is all off .
A guy version of a chick flick , and like regular chick flicks , it 's pretty sappy stuff , though with the lovely locations and sumptuous cinematography , it 's very pretty .
A Good Year suggests not so much the stirring of a soul as Sir Ridley grinding his teeth behind the camera , grimly muttering `` I 'm going to be breezy if it kills me , goddamit ! ''
It 's ultimately a so-so movie that does little more than answer what should 've been an ironic question : What would happen if Ridley Scott and Russell Crowe made a romantic comedy ?
Completely vacuous . A Good Year is n't . It is n't even a good minute . It 's a romantic comedy without any laughs or any chemistry .
I 'll write A Good Year off as nothing more than a bad harvest .
Definitely not vintage Crowe ... He can do a world of things as a leading man , but Cary Grant -LRB- or Tom Hanks -RRB- he 's not .
To quote a classic cinematic oenophile -- quaffable but far from transcendent .
It 's an ambitious experiment , and not a completely successful one .
A Good Year offers little return on your own $ 10 investment beyond the spectacle of Scott misplacing his talents .
Do n't expect to be beguiled by A Good Year . That would be like trying to warm your hands at an artificial fireplace .
Even judged by the not excessively demanding standards of middle-aged renovation fantasies , A Good Year is n't much .
What would happen if Ridley Scott directed Under the Tuscan Sun and replaced Diane Lane with Russell Crowe ? You 'd have A Good Year .
Escapist dilettantes may find A Good Year light , breezy and charming but even the most rudimentary inspection will reveal the film 's sickeningly rotten core .
the best way to sum up -LSB- Crowe -RSB- is shockingly lacking in anything resembling charm . There is not even a charismatic sort of anti-charm at work here .
The tourist brochure photography and colourful supporting cast make up for a lot , but this never quite works because it 's neither as funny or as charming as it thinks it is .
Any vacation which could dry out Russell Crowe 's intensity is probably a good thing . Just not as a lark by his Gladiator director doing Benny Hill jokes while he discovers the joys of life .
Scott is clearly aiming for cute and wacky while hedging his bets with sticky nostalgia .
Ridley Scott 's sun-dappled tale of wine-making in the wilds of Provence slips down easily enough but leaves a nasty residue on the palate .
With this minor romantic fable Scott enters into the turf of Hallstrom 's yarns about Life 's Big Lessons . The genders are reversed but culture collision premise and feel-good nature recall Under the Tuscan Sun with French Provense instead of Italy .
As the audience moves from feast to feast , watching all the screen characters grow , glow and have fun , we ca n't help but feel like we 're the only ones at a party who are n't drinking .
... it 's hard not to feel a twinge of disappointment as the film quickly reveals itself to be an innocuous and ultimately forgettable piece of work .
Audiences will have to be content with the admittedly lovely Provence landscape and Ridley Scott 's slick , superficial direction . Those searching for anything more will be sorely disappointed .
Where A Good Year is headed is obvious before the opening frame , but working from a warm script , Ridley Scott directs mostly genuine performances to keep us interested
A simple repast consisting of sometimes strained slapsticky comedy , a sweet romance and a life lesson learned .
You sense in every frame the strain to be lighthearted .







@highlight

A Good Year is a fine example of a top-notch director and actor out of their elements , in a sappy romantic comedy lacking in charm and humor .