Everything is futile in Francis Ford Coppola 's first movie in over a decade , `` Youth Without Youth '' , a sort of `` Indiana Jones '' meets pulp Proust .
Youth Without Youth is pretentious as hell but so goofily in love with the idea of itself that you feel protective toward it , the way you would toward a platypus that has lost its way .
Finds the filmmaker admirably working without a safety net
Nem mesmo a bela fotografia e a impecável direção de arte conseguem salvar esta bagunça narrativa que , sob a desculpa de promover uma discussão metafísica , faz Coppola parecer um cineasta em início de carreira .
Very much a film of this era , its director returning after a ten-year absence from the cinema with a peculiar little masterpiece about things unrecoverable in time .
Youth Without Youth smacks of vanity project from the first poetic moments to the last , and whose vanity lays a stronger claim to the big screen than Francis Ford Coppola 's ?
For all its flaws and there are n't very many , with Youth Without Youth you know you 're in the hands of a master .
Coppola may be back , but he 's a long way from being back on form .
A stilted and inelegant work , well below par for Francis Ford Coppola
You want a story ? Read the front page . I 'm here for the picture show .
With all the nurses making moves on the suicidal old codger 's renovated physique , Coppola 's Youth Without Youth comes across as somewhere between The Godfather On Viagra and Apocalypse Then , Redux .
Though not an easy film to grasp or possibly enjoy , it 's nevertheless a mindblowing acid-like excursion into the secret world of Orientalism .
This pretentious , impenetrable and deadly dull film never resonates as anything more than an aging filmmaker 's feeble grasp at his own lost youth .
Coppola was more efficiently mystical when he was n't trying so hard .
This is the perfect example of what can happen when a producer/director/writer does n't have to answer to anyone . Coppola makes an artistic mess .
It often feels like a dream -- specifically , someone else 's , a nonlinear , illogical synapse explosion that 's always fascinating to the person in whose head it detonated but not so much to those experiencing it secondhand .
So much of Youth Without Youth is impenetrable , and not in a way that makes you want to solve the puzzle , but in a way that makes you want to knock the puzzle pieces off the table and flee the room .
It would be easier to sit back and rest on his legend rather than press on as an average filmmaker , which is what Coppola has become .
Youth Without Youth is so beautiful , in fact , that it almost transcends the epic bunkum of Coppola 's script . But almost does n't count , even when it is uttered in ancient tongues .
The suspicion that all this froth builds up towards nothing but some poetic imagery is inexorably realized and sours the magic of the second half of the film .
It 's a clear case of an artist indulging his personal vision and getting so carried away by his muse , he 's forgotten the most important rule of filmmaking : Other people have to sit through this s ** t too .
This film 's playful visual language pulls you in rather than shuts you out ; it is n't difficult to decipher , and it enables Coppola and his editor , Walter Murch , to navigate the story 's many realms with a directness and dexterity that are refreshing .
If making `` Youth Without Youth '' helped to clean out the pipes for Francis Ford Coppola and spurs him on to do better films , then that 's great . The film has served a purpose .
With a made-up language , Dominic asserts , he can `` describe paradoxical situations , impossible to express in any existing language . '' This might be one way to describe Youth Without Youth , a movie conceived as a kind of insular language % u2014convolut
... nothing less than a complete mess that often resembles an arty student film .
Coppola is still a master image maker , and there are moments of genuine beauty and cinematic power in Youth Without Youth that can not be waved off with a shrug or a laugh .
Although it 's easy to admire what -LSB- Coppola -RSB- was attempting to do with Youth Without Youth , the movie fails on such a thorough and complete level that to call it a noble attempt is n't really fair : It 's really a colossal miscalculation .
A terrible mess of mystical mumbo jumbo , but you have to give Francis Ford Coppola 's Youth Without Youth this : It is one magnificent and interesting failure of a film .
Unfortunately , Youth becomes so lost in its own conceptual , convoluted vortex , it becomes virtually incomprehensible .
Francis Ford Coppola 's first film in 10 years deserves serious attention , but this massive dose of Nembutal only manages to render you too comatose to think .
How 's this for a ringing endorsement : Watching Youth Without Youth , Francis Ford Coppola 's first film in nearly a decade , is like taking a philosophy exam .
You should know that the film 's incomprehensible bits are complemented by much incomprehensible blather .
Not so much a bad movie as a dispiritingly unnecessary one -LRB- especially by a once-great director -RRB- , Youth Without Youth ultimately boils down to a long , autumn stroll around the block to a place everyone winds up at some time or another .
A boondoggle so obnoxious in concept and execution that it 's hard to see why -LSB- Coppola -RSB- thought that it might be a good idea to try filming it in the first place .
Too much of the film is a muddle , and it feels like work , not play .
I 'm all for bold screwiness , but this provocation seems labored despite the striking images .
Francis Ford Coppola 's first movie in 10 years is a technically dazzling work , but humanly a bewildering one .
Coppola has conviction even with the airiest elements . The churn and sweep of time , memory , karma , the whole enchilada of fate , give the story a weirdly compulsive charm .
Meandering and often incomprehensible .
Youth Without Youth proves that Francis Ford Coppola can still make a movie , but not that he still knows how to choose his projects .
Virtually every scene is suitable for framing , if not necessarily for watching .
If Coppola had started his career with this sort of mush , we might never have gotten Apocalypse Now or The Godfather .
-LSB- It may be a -RSB- kind of aesthetic mutant , but it 's the sort of film whose weakest points only make it more interesting .
I suspect that it will be registered as one of those fascinating follies that retains its mystique and allure long after the memory of the more successful films of the season has faded into nothing .
... Coppola is n't as invested in the ideas as he is in their cinematic expression .
Youth Without Youth is well worth seeing .
Errant pseudo-mystical nonsense that manages to be both ponderously pretentious and extravagantly absurd ... an act of real cinematic lunacy .
This is the work of a man who has truly lost his marbles .
Francis Ford Coppola 's first film in a decade is perhaps the most complex , exasperating and challenging material he 's ever directed .
A work of stunning inertia and obtuseness , Francis Ford Coppola 's return to the director 's chair is a disaster of career-destroying proportions ...
I could not even begin to tell you what Youth Without Youth is about . I know it 's my job to , but I ca n't . It 's one of those art films you have to watch sometimes and you ca n't believe somebody actually made it .
Youth Without Youth , scripted by the helmer from the Mircea Eliade 's novella , is a sometimes painful to watch tome that only accentuates the lack of Coppola 's past greatness .
Francis Ford Coppola is making movies again , and that 's reason enough to rejoice . Even if it ends up a baffling intellectual riff , Youth Without Youth still resonates deeply in ways younger filmmakers would never even dare consider .
Coppola 's eye for vividly composed images is undiminished , but the story is an unfocussed hodge-podge of mystical musings and Twilight Zone-ish occurances .
Makes about as much sense as the idea of Coppola being interviewed by a Martian .
Mr. Coppola is one of the cinema 's peerless masters , and I would have enjoyed nothing more than a chance to celebrate his new film . I 'm truly sorry to say , then , that I found it impenetrable .
While a movie does n't have to make literal sense to be good , a filmmaker ca n't be so lost in his own universe that he forgets his job is to open it out to the rest of us . And that , apparently , is what has happened to Coppola here .
Youth Without Youth is a narratively ambitious , visually sumptuous surrealist enterprise that tries to bend time and space together as neatly as the folds in an origami swan .
The craftsmanship is undeniably polished . It 's just too bad the story is so plodding and pretentious .
The movie has been labeled ` stilted , ' ` soporific , ' and ` a pretentious , meandering mess . ' But you certainly could n't call it conventional , predictable , or pandering . This film is stubbornly , almost insanely , itself .
Youth Without Youth is lush and heartfelt , but compelling only in fits and starts .
I do n't want to say this thing is complicated , but Tom Stoppard just called to beg for an explanation ... . I apologize for all the elements I 'm leaving out , but my editor ordered me to keep this piece under 40 million words .
The year 's most bizarre novelty item .
Ultimately , Youth Without Youth is more intriguing than it is satisfying . It hooks you , then lets you flounder .
Too passionately well-crafted in places to dismiss outright , too sloppy and nutty to hail as a full-fledged comeback .
It 's a fascinating train wreck in many ways , with flashes here and there of the painful disquisition on mortality it might have been . Salvaging much more was beyond me .
A long , mad film of plonking and studenty intellectualism .
Also featuring a small turn from Matt Damon , it 's a piecemeal , muddled affair that , were it not for that big name at the top of the credits , might never have been made at all .
All those years making wine have clearly impacted on Coppola 's storytelling abilities . Let 's hope he recovers them before his next directorial outing .
Challenges one to keep up , but its destination is disappointingly simplistic . Just the same , I look back on the film with a wry smile .
In some ways , it 's as unremarkable as The Rainmaker , but in other ways , it 's far too astonishing and complex to be easily dismissed .
incoherent and banal ... like a clueless friend 's stupid dream .
A a slick-looking but frustrating hodgepodge of sci-fi , political thriller , period drama and metaphysical romance with heavy overtones of Eastern philosophy . Confused yet ?
Coppola has gone uprriver again in an effort to reinvent himself and cinema in the process . He ultimately fails , but he ca n't be faulted for trying .
Borderline incomprehensible and often exasperatingly arty , Youth Without Youth is nevertheless a movie that , somehow , successfully conveys a great deal of heartbreak . It 's a personal film in the best and worst senses .
There 's just enough greatness scattered in Youth Without Youth to make you wonder why there ca n't be more .
Unless you 're interested solely in strikingly beautiful photography there 's nothing very satisfying about Youth Without Youth .
It would be easy to say Dominic is lost in a film ; better to suggest he 's adrift in a projection .
It 's impossible to say for sure , but the moral of the story could be : do n't waste your time .
Youth Without Youth is tinged with Coppola 's abiding , unquenchable affection for cinema . The eccentric narrative may baffle and meander , but there are glimpses of a great director getting the feel again .
Even ace editor Walter Murch struggles to give coherence to the professor 's fractured , episodic journey through darkening wartime exile in Geneva , to the brighter revelations of '50s India and the sun-kissed Mediterranean .
Coppola drags everyone on a humourless trudge through a jungle of pretension that will have most moviegoers glazing over long before an ending that really is n't worth the wait .
An incomprehensible , pretentious , meandering mess -- so self-serious , it 's laughable .
The movie is one soporific , depressed , deadeningly vague scene after another .
Far too bookish and strange to fully engage us . But it looks terrific .
Youth lacks an emotional hook .
The film assaults the mind like a wild-eyed , brainy collegian showing off the most arcane things he learned during freshman year .
Youth Without Youth is a clear indication that Coppola is as far from a spent force as any world-class filmmaker can be .
Not quite a complete write-off , but basically a folly .
This is hardly Coppola 's greatest movie , but it 's far from his worst -- its bid for a new beginning is one from the heart .
Coppola takes a subject that once would have made him gaga and explores it with tenderness and lucidity .
An ambitious spiritual drama based on a novella by Mircea Eliade , this unwieldy movie fails as a compelling human drama and fills the screen instead with mind-numbingly dull intellectual matters .
A mess of a movie , it meanders along with a few nice moments here and there . Never believable and rarely compelling , it just plods along .
An intensely personal expression of creativity filmed with the patina of a European production .
The director treats his material as if it were Last Year at Marienbad , yet his story 's particulars are too goofy and too incompatible to result in something haunting or beguiling .
Francis Coppola 's gasping adaptation of Mircea Eliade 's out-of-print novella should provide the tipping point at which audiences start avoiding the exasperated genre of magical realism that crept into modern film vernacular with a vengeance .
Coppola 's latest wo n't break Godfather box office records but give the man credit for taking risks making an intellectual , philosophical fantasy with Faustian-Wildean-Kafkaesque undertones .
Handsomely made on a low budget , the film has the polished look of a Coppola film with expert contributions from some master craftsmen . But the story is full of arcane references that many will find nonsensical , and the performances are a letdown .
Youth from an old man 's perspective has its rewards but is n't a perfect picture of wish-fulfillment .
Youth Without Youth will translate to cinemas without audiences .
Based on a philosophical text , this complex and convoluted meditation on time , memory and politics marks Coppola 's comeback with an art film that in intent -LRB- if not execution -RRB- aspires to belong to the worlds of Resnais , Kieslowski and Tarkovsky .



@highlight

Although visually appealing , Coppola 's latest film mixes too many genres with a very confusing plot .