What -LSB- the film -RSB- does best is take all that frustration and put it into one man 's story . As he suffers , we feel his pain and irritation by proxy . That kind of humanity is often missing from debates about policy - but there 's nothing more important .
The Death of Mr. Lazarescu seems effortlessly observed , even improvised , but it 's actually a wonder of choreography , rhythm and social commentary .
blending social commentary with spiritual allegory , it traces one man 's nocturnal descent into the Circle of Hell that is Romania 's healthcare service
The gradual accumulation of detail , the quotidian elements of the long night , eventually add up to a powerful and engrossing whole .
An indictment of an indifferent health care system .
The film feels very real and not a little scary since the viewer knows that he is very likely to eventually likely to share Lazarescu 's fate .
Absurdamente angustiante em seu realismo sem concessões , este é mais do que um filme-denúncia -LRB- apropriado para vários países , aliás -RRB- ; é , acima de tudo , um olhar agridoce sobre o melhor e o pior em todos nós .
Both sad and darkly funny , the film is so sharply conceived and richly populated that it often registers like a Frederick Wiseman documentary , even though everything is scripted and every part played by a professional .
This deathly film is crafted with such ease that it comes appallingly alive . A slowly suffocating , masterly work of social realism that shrouds you in a melancholy look at mortality .
While Lazarescu is descending on his nighttime journey toward zero , the film builds up an entire social world around him -- one that is harrowing , funny , infuriating , outrageous and sometimes profoundly moving .
A harsh critique of the modern medical system , and though it takes place specifically in Romania , its events could be easily transferred elsewhere .
Mr. Lazarescu 's ordeal will stick with you .
One of the the most remarkable medical dramas ever attempted .
Puiu 's seemingly artless , documentary-style mise en scène , with the characters followed by a shoulder-mounted camera , conceals countless subtleties , foreshadowings and running themes .
... one of the best , most intriguing movies of the year . This is the kind of film that transcends borders and can talk to people worldwide .
There 's something about Fiscuteanu 's quietly desperate performance -LRB- with much of the emotion conveyed through his eyes -RRB- , that gets under your skin .
As commentary , it 's grim . As filmmaking , it 's a powerfully disturbing odyssey through the Bucharest health care system .
Puiu is playful with his symbolism , as evidenced by his titular character 's triple-loaded name , but his really astounding achievement is how he transforms commonplace scenes with shimmering alternate meaning .
`` Extraordinary '' is used here in both meanings of the word : highly unusual and exceptional .
As a story of the callous impersonalization we inflict upon one another , the film is timeless .
It seems extraordinary to claim that this film is funny but it is .
Long , but engrossing and frequently enraging drama that not only exposes the flaws in the Romanian health service , but also in modern humanity .
Stay with it and you 'll discover a devastatingly powerful blast at red tape and an achingly moving examination of what we will all have to face one day .
A tour de force of cinema verite with astonishing performances by a huge cast of small players .
This two-and-half-hour Romanian drama may sound like a trial , but it 's oddly , warmly captivating .
The movie is a stunner , so hypnotic that the length hardly matters .
-LSB- The -RSB- uniquely Eastern European brand of absurdity recalls the work of Vaclav Havel , playwright and former President of Czechoslovakia . At least , it would be absurd if it were n't so credible .
The film 's real success is that Puiu impresses both with his compassion for human behaviour and his tight grip on realist , documentary-style filmmaking .
As both a film and an indictment of health-care practices , it 's scathing and effective .
By recording this all too commonplace and dehumanizing process , Puiu 's film shows the sick old man and the strangers who deal with him to be all too human -- extraordinarily so .
The film seems pitiless as it records every detail but , as you watch a man who clings to life and an ambulance driver whose search for a hospital becomes a mythic quest , what you 're left with is compassion .
Puiu maintains a strong current of suspense about the outcome -- despite the title , will this Lazarus be revived ? -- and a bracingly cynical sense of humor that rescues the material from being a total downer .
Fiscuteanu 's Lazarescu is a strange , compelling creation , and if you allow it time , this haunting , artful movie will get under your skin .
Cristi Puiu does n't pull his punches in his barbed black comedy on the state of socialized medicine in Hungary .
If you love adventurous cinema , -LSB- Cristi -RSB- Puiu 's transcendent , unique foray into the culture of health care is a must-see .
I was struck with the thought that I was actually witnessing real people in a real situation instead of actors , that 's how well the people in this movie performed .
This is not an easy film to watch , nor is it one to enthusiastically recommend to your friends . However , it will leave its mark on you .
I suspect medical professionals would see much they recognize in this movie . The credits include a long list of technical advisers , but it does n't take an adviser to convince you the movie is authentic .
It takes a while to adjust to its rhythm , but the Romanian film The Death of Mr. Lazarescu is a rich , strange and weirdly gratifying odyssey .
A mordant parable of and about our time as well as a poem of personal urban decay .
A film of universal small human moments and big-system failure .
This Romanian movie defies categorization -- it 's halfway between a black comedy and a Fred Wiseman documentary . And it haunts you like the ghost of any dead person you 've ever ignored .
A sly anti-ER infused with implacable existential clarity that will send shivers up your spine .
... the cinematic equivalent of a shaggy-dog story : the inevitable , deliberately anticlimactic punchline is less important than the length to which the buildup is protracted .
Amid all the hospital byplay , there is a trenchant portrait of a people and their society .
It 's rainy and dark as death in Bucharest in a tale of that last ride on Medicare .
It 's one of those films where we root for almost everybody .
It 's full of humor , pathos and a deep humanism that comes as a warm blast in this age of lifeless , cinematic junk .
The Death of Mr. Lazarescu would seem to give its plot away with its title . But , as the movie itself demonstrates , not everything is as it first seems .
... dark and overlong drama ...
Think of this Romanian import as the anti-E.R. -- no high drama , no kinetic editing and no caring , camera-ready doctors .
This stark , gritty Romanian import from co-writer/director Cristi Puiu is n't so much unsuccessful as it is excruciatingly dull .
The Death of Mr. Lazarescu takes aim at the grotesqueries of the hospital experience with killing accuracy , like a mallet blow to the knee that comes down harder than anticipated .
An intoxicating performance piece in which skilled actors pinball off each other with such energy and nuance that the audience almost forgets about the dying man on the edge of the frame .
It 's supposed to be about a Kafkaesque experience . Instead , it is a Kafkaesque experience . Why are we here ? Is everything absurd ? Is anyone in charge ?
Not a line of the pungent dialogue is wasted . Beneath the quasi-documentary veneer lies a well-written screenplay .
The ailing title character in this thorny masterpiece by the Romanian director Cristi Puiu suffers a late-night descent through circles of medical hell .
a gentle parable of the delicacy of mortality
The most remarkable new movie to open in New York this spring .
The Death of Mr. Lazarescu , for all its terrible matter-of-factness , produces tumultuous feelings of amazement and revolt .
A heartbreakingly powerful masterpiece that affected me far more deeply than any other film I 've seen all year .
An antidote to ` E.R ' but too much like a docudrama played out as though in real time .
Two and a half hours of shaky handheld lensing about a man slowly expiring in a succession of hospitals becomes unexpectedly mesmerizing .
A descent into the hell of Bucharest emergency rooms
-LSB- A -RSB- magnificently damning critique on healthcare ... done with a devil 's sense of humor that then calls you out on your laughter .
Not the easiest film of the year , but certainly among the best .
A real-surreal odyssey through medical metropolis-as-inferno .
When the film 's title is finally , quietly realized , it affords the viewer a hard-won , if mournful liberation .
Possesses a raw , focused outrage that 's difficult to shake .
Distilled to a more endurable length , this insightful odyssey might best serve as a required text for graduating medical students and hospital administrators .
This brutally honest Romanian satire becomes more humanistic by exploring its absence , depicting a world of arrogance , complacency and indifference to human suffering
A sad and scary film about the ignominy of dying alone in a hospital room surrounded by strangers and without dignity .
A brilliant work of cinematic art .
The Death of Mr. Lazarescu comes on like a force of nature ; radiating a startling intensity , it demands to be reckoned with .



@highlight

Shot in naturalistic style , this is a powerful indictment of absurdity and indifference in the face of human suffering .