Shrewd and astute , this is a film with a power that sneaks up on you and lingers long after it 's over in a way you ca n't easily shake .
introspectively good
Tropical tripe .
The pace is stultifying , and even though the ensemble looks realistically stinky and sweaty , the stately progression of events mirrors far too well the torpor of the tropics .
An irritating bit of jungle gothic gone bad .
Levring and an excellent cast are lost in the shadow of Conrad and other masters , and their sex-money theme requires a genius of hopelessness like Erich von Stroheim .
Too dank and familiar an expedition .
A story bent on melodrama and borderline sadism .
It 's a moderately creepy , man-beyond - civilization exercise that ca n't decide whether it 's arty or scary , and thus ends up being neither .
We begin hoping the ghost of Tennessee Williams will jump out of the bush and inform these characters that it takes more than wounded people with dark secrets , annoying insects and dripping moisture to make something of a tale like this .
Fans of Jungle Gothics would do better to let this one slip back into the underbrush .
Few actresses can deliver intensity like McTeer , and it 's that distinctive , all-purpose stare coupled with her sheer physicality that once again dominates the story .
Although phenomenally well-acted , the film 's leisurely pace ultimately makes it feel as oppressive as the tropical heat and humidity that gradually turn the characters into slow-moving heaps of damp , dirty rags .
A stunning achievement , an emotionally charged period drama that unfolds with the tragic inevitability of a Joseph Conrad novella .
Well-intended , but it is also the dreariest , most uninvolving movie I 've seen this year .
Aided by a terrific cast , this flick effectively conveys a gloomy , claustrophobic sense of doom .
If Wolfgang Peterson had any guts , she would have been offered Helen of Troy .
The misguided , delirious result offers the perverse guilty pleasure of watching a roster of distinguished actors earnestly swimming against a tidal wave of silliness .
Not even Janet McTeer , one of the world 's most resourceful actresses , can rescue this movie from deteriorating into a clanking melodrama .
Lays out many of the elements of a classic gothic thriller , but those elements never entirely coalesce into something that tells you why they bothered .
Imagine a sexually charged Heart of Darkness by way of Denmark 's bare-bones Dogme 95 and you 'll have an idea of what this dark , moody melodrama is like .
Choking on its gothic , mosquito-infested atmosphere of heat-sick despair , The Intended is unintentionally risible from frame one to last .
A taut noirish thriller that unfolds in a fever of firelit ambience .
Contributions of the accomplished cast notwithstanding , this period drama takes a few too many spins around the downward spiral , making it hard to believe as well as unpleasant .
A provocative but pointless drama that squanders a fascinating setting and talented cast .
A fully realized , rich , atmospheric drama that may be the most textured film I 've ever seen shot on DV .
The basic concept of people trapped in a sweaty hell , looking for the money to get anywhere but there could have been borrowed from Wages of Fear , but sadly The Intended shares none of that film 's excitement .

@highlight

Predictable and pointless melodrama .