It is intensely vital .
Cantet almost constantly packs his frame , drawing us closer to the immediacy and at-times claustrophobic nature of the classroom environment . That the film never leaves the school grounds only enhances its non-fiction sensibility .
What most critics probably are n't telling you about in their expectedly lavish praises of the film is its stereotypical and downright patronizing portrayal of race and ethnicity .
As you watch this exhilarating back-and-forth , it dawns on you that an ethically complex , emotionally troubling plot has taken shape ; and you realize , with astonishment , that Cantet waited an hour to let it emerge .
... the sort of film that one admires more than one enjoys ...
You will be sporadically moved by The Class , and maybe even inspired . You will also feel overpowering despair . But mostly : You will want to hug anyone who has ever , ever been a schoolteacher .
Seems to question the continued effectiveness of an old teaching approach and its ability to adapt to new problems as well as modern variations of old ones .
In the tidiest pitch-speak , it 's the Dardennes do Degrassi , a convincingly intimate glimpse at the epic battle waged against apathy in schools the world over .
The Class has considerable urgency and growing humor
creates dramatic energy without a tightly delineated storyline
But ultimately it 's a fascinating , sometimes exhilarating movie that seems to make a genuine contact with the classroom , and shows us an educational system struggling , and managing , to survive .
A great achievement in cinematic realism ... when conflict arises , and it frequently does , the filmmakers refuse to instruct us on who 's right and who 's wrong , making the film its own kind of Socratic lecture . -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB-
Un film tan realista que parece un documental ficcionado , y que se beneficia de la naturalidad de sus `` actores '' . No es un film dramático tradicional , es más bien una reflexión sobre el sistema educativo y los vínculos dentro del salón de clase .
Cantet 's film lulls the spectator into the rhythms of the everyday reality of school , belying a very carefully coordinated narrative structure that only becomes apparent in its final act .
The most authentic and honest film about high school students and teachers to date .
An astonishing achievement for writer-actor François Bégaudeau who adapted his own book for the screenplay and also stars in this absorbing film about the challenges of teaching in a public school .
One of the best school pics ever made .
It feels so `` real , '' its fluid camera style like a cinéma-vérité .
A tonic to the Hollywood teacher movie .
... this does n't fall into the easy cliches of the teacher at the bad school miraculously winning over the kids .
... so low key and naturalistically realized that it could easily be mistaken for a documentary
What sets The Class apart is n't simply its less-than-cozy tone , but the fact that it constantly plays against our expectations .
A piercing look at a generation gap that only seems to be gaping ever more widely .
Aposta na ambigüidade e na sensação de estarmos acompanhando os fatos à medida que estes se desenrolam num ambiente de improviso que sempre valoriza o acaso .
So truthful and engaging that you feel part of the class , sitting at a desk in the room as the events slowly unfold .
Every student has some potential , we see , which is why it 's so heartbreaking to see them caught in the gears of a public education system that 's doing its best , but hampered by limited resources and an institutional mind-set .
The Class offers a compelling and naturalistic look at contemporary teaching and the challenges of a diverse classroom . The film eschews big Hollywood moments and instead goes for quiet telling ones .
Most impressive , Cantet tracks the racial and ethnic resentments that simmer beneath the classroom discussions but become harder to quell when the parents get involved .
... feels real and immediate ...
A dialogue-and idea-driven , documentary-style work of fictional vérité that defies the heroic teacher myth of Hollywood films like Dangerous Minds and reveals teachers and students as prisoners of the same flawed system .
The hard-hitting film makes most other school-based films resemble child 's play , as careers and futures of both the teacher and student hang in the balance , in the uncaring hands of an indifferent system .
The classroom becomes symbolic of society as a whole : An incubator of problems as well as solutions , and a source of disaster and promise , hope and despair , affection and enmity ...
Though it generates a few laughs , The Class is anything but uplifting . In the end you find yourself moved not by triumph but by the seeming futility of it all .
The Class ranks with the very best films ever made about teaching , and it 's unlike any English or American film about teaching ever made .
The film raises important questions about learning , authority and discipline , and is honest enough to admit that it does n't really have any answers .
Cantet , whose parents were both teachers , carries it on and he elicits marvellous performances from a cast who are , we 're assured , not merely playing versions of themselves .
By casting aside rose-tinted spectacles and * Blackboard Jungle * - style gritty-delinquency clichés , * The Class * pays so much more respect to teachers , and to pupils . Goodbye Mr Chips , indeed .
It 's complex and fascinating . It also has a real ring of truth to it .
The kinetic and perceptive realism of The Class puts to shame the entire field of schoolroom dramas and makes the movie seem more like an acutely observed Frederick Wiseman documentary than any up-the-down-staircase melodrama
The Class , an Oscar-nominated French film about a Paris middle school , should be required viewing for anybody considering a career in teaching .
It is a talky film that avoids happy endings and easy solutions . Instead , it grips with a tale that feels remarkably true to life and leaves you with an even greater appreciation of the people seeking to inspire future generations .
There 's a sense of realism and openness in The Class that fits the subject aptly
The fact that it 's based on a book written by a former teacher who also stars in the film gives it more than a bit of authenticity
These kids are n't always all right . But they are consistently riveting .
Unlike many American films centered on the classroom -LRB- Dangerous Minds and Freedom Writers come immediately to mind -RRB- there are no heroes in The Class , and no glorious victories .
In addition to being one of the best school films of recent times , this is a troubling but gripping exposé of the cultural and racial divisions crippling Europe . Intelligent , well acted and deeply discomfiting .
A sparkling , clever work whose ensemble cast impresses , surprises , wrongfoots and disappoints you in exactly the same fashion a class might its teacher .
French director Laurent Cantet does something miraculous with it in this fresh piece of humanist , realist , optimist cinema .
The Class confirms and extends Cantet 's status as one of the masters of European social cinema . It 's a hugely important film .
This is a fleeting glimpse into a rarely examined world . Despite its honest portrayal of teachers as overworked , underpaid and underappreciated , you even leave the cinema wanting to teach .
Do n't let the aura of subtitles and arthouse put you off - this is probably the finest schoolroom drama ever made .
An uncompromising and humane look at issues facing both teachers and students , The Class is an uplifting , thought-provoking , and it 's only when the final bell rings you realise just how good it is .
Partially improvised , using a real -LRB- ex - -RRB- teacher and real schoolkids in note-perfect performances , Cantet 's film recreates life in a tough inner-city school with breathtaking authenticity .
At its best , The Class has the authenticity of documentary . But even at its best , it lacks the structure and emotional rewards of drama .
Raw , challenging and , refreshingly , with no cheesy ending , this is a classroom drama Hollywood could never have made .
It is not often a director creates exactly what they set out to achieve , but when Laurent Cantet decided to use a school as a `` microcosm of the world '' it turned out perfectly .
How could anyone not love Laurent Cantet 's The Class -LRB- Entre les murs -RRB- ? Last year 's Golden Palm winner is the best film about schoolteaching I have seen : a wise , funny cry of helplessness before the tsunami of anarchy that can be school-age adolescence .
Cantet has offered another subtly incisive study of work , class and family .
A satisfying prime antidote to surface-level cinema .
What emerges is a high-school movie that is remarkably enthralling and complex . A quietly outstanding microcosm of modern society that 's anything but ABC .
To say this is an important film would perhaps be offputting - but it is , and please do n't be offput .
A profoundly honest approach helps this important film go far beyond the headlines to look into a multi-ethnic big-city schoolroom
Contemporary art house cinema at it 's best - just about first class I 'd say .
The Class skillfully straddles an intriguing line between reality and fiction .
The film 's stunt is to unveil a simple truth , and its reputation relies on the fact that other filmmakers have yet to make the jump .
Thanks to its low-key naturalism and its seriousness of purpose tempered with occasional fly-on-the-wall humour , even those sitting in the back row will find themselves giving The Class their full and rapt attention .
Earns top marks for creating its own truth .
By rough estimate , maybe 80 percent of the movie consists of these student-teacher slanging matches , but it 's engrossing .
Never feels scripted , even with so much talking .
Makes a devastating point of what can happen to the quietly struggling student while the squeaky wheels are being oiled .
... filled with a world of real detail that blurs the line between documentary and fiction .
Cantet has created a deceptively simple film that gradually deconstructs a Hollywood genre .
The Class is not just the best film released thus far this year . It may be the most gripping .
The film could be a documentary for as natural as it feels , and the students -- all non-actors -- charmingly convey the silly , reckless enthusiasm of youth .
Powerful , mesmerizing and full of moments that linger long after the bell rings .
Those looking for answers to many of the most pressing junior high student/teacher issues wo n't find them here . What they will discover is a well-dramatized list of many of the most vexing questions .
Shot as if it were a documentary and using real students to play -LRB- and help create the roles of -RRB- the students , The Class is strikingly authentic in its details .
The effect of this sobering , funny and , finally , enlightening , portrait is one of enormous sympathy for all parties in the education tango .
With an improvisational cinéma-vérité style and untrained student actors playing the kids , Cantet 's quasi-documentary captures the dynamics of one suburban school and the multicultural learning curve that all of Europe is on today .
Mostly without incident but bursting with messy humanity .
At the heart of The Class is an exciting rapport between a teacher and his students , one in which language and ideas are constantly being tossed about and questioned .
The movie 's documentary-like approach helps minimize the usual syrupy Hollywood dramatics inherent in these types of pictures .
This is a marvelous film .
There is some deeply moving material in The Class and those who enjoy realistic interplay between characters who blur the line between fiction and reality wo n't want to miss it .
Laurent Cantet 's drama The Class brings us back to earth , unalloyed .
This is one of the screen 's most rewarding explorations of the teacher/student relationship in any language . Every voice we hear makes sense ; every opinion means something .
The Class is n't a documentary , but the scenes have the loose , slow-cooked feel of a director turning on a camera and waiting to see what happens -- think Mike Leigh meets Frederick Wiseman .
The movie is bursting with life , energy , fears , frustrations and the quick laughter of a classroom hungry for relief .
... fresh and believable and its -LSB- non-actor -RSB- students act like real teenagers .
Wherever you were schooled , in public schools or private , in the slums or in the suburbs , you will recognize yourself in this film and laugh and beam and cower .
While not as emotionally resonating and insightful as other classroom dramas such as Freedom Writers or as captivating as Dangerous Minds , at least it 's mildly compelling , quietly moving and consistently true-to-life .
What will rouse empathy and exasperation , though , is one teacher 's attempt to act more like a colleague or mentor than an intimidating white male authority figure % u2014a teacher a student can call un ami .
Since the subject of The Class is education , let 's begin by giving it the grade it deserves : A + , with extra credit for no neatness .
Clichés are deftly avoided in this thought-provoking film .
While The Class is not a documentary , Cantet has created a film so life-like that it seems as if the filmmaker has captured actual footage of a real classroom .
Laurent Cantet 's scrappy mesmerizer of a movie about a life in learning sneaks up and floors you .
The drama unfolds with the pace and tone of a nature show . Like watching exotic cats hunt unattractive prey , you 're on neither team 's side -- at least , not for long .
Under Cantet 's microscope , the school is a junction of urban lives . Raw and realistic , The Class picks apart the competing interests that hold kids , teachers and parents at loggerheads .
It 's an absorbing , provocative film . When he left teaching , Francois Begaudeau became a writer and a film critic . He could make a career onscreen now , if he chose .
-LSB- The film -RSB- understands that emotional authenticity is just as important as entertainment value .
The Class -- winner of the Palme d'Or at the 2008 Cannes Film Festival -- is in a class by itself .
It 's a remarkably intelligent film , which adroitly portrays a microcosm of society through a high school classroom .
-LSB- An -RSB- energetic , tightly focused , intriguing feature that has the look and feel of a documentary .
What emerges is not only an insight into the French education system but also some universal truths about life in today 's classrooms .
The drama of The Class is organic , rising from the hundreds of daily exchanges in a schoolroom ... The lessons you take away will be purely personal .
The Class is intense and wonderfully written , to the point where some of the in-class scenes will leave you squirming and hyperventilating .
The Class is simultaneously old school and new , familiar in its themes but unique in design and , at its best , riveting in execution .
A hybrid that is so naturalistic as to be uber-documentary in its reflection of the observations within .
Cantet uses actual students to retell their own stories , hoping for a gripping authenticity . But what comes across on the screen feels like a sanitized version of real life .
-LSB- Cantet 's -RSB- documentary-like drama is akin to an urban counterpoint to the more idyllic , country school room documented in 2002 's `` To Be and To Have , '' injected with some `` To Sir , With Love '' and a little bit of `` Freedom Writers . ''
Extraordinarily vivid and truthful ... -LSB- an -RSB- incredibly honest and revealing film about public education in the age of multiculturalism and globalization .
What initially bears the components of a typical retread of white-teacher-inspires-multi-ethnic-students melodrama turns out to be something much funnier than one might expect from the director of brooding dramas the likes of Time Out and Human Resources .
Bracingly realistic .
The power of The Class will sneak up on you .
Exhilarating in its simmering , quiet brilliance .
The beauty of The Class is that it puts the lie to the one-teacher-can-make-a-difference myth propagated by so many other films .
This simple but penetrating film succeeds in being frequently dramatic , often funny and always revelatory .
You walk out of the theater feeling unsettled , curious , and passionate to talk -- as if you just spent two hours in the best class you ever took .
Does n't lecture , but that does n't mean its audience wo n't learn something .
For anyone who loves language , this cut-and-thrust is a heady delight , so rich and free-flowing in its rhythms that it 's hard to decide whether what we 're seeing is a vérité-style documentary or a realist drama .
It 's all designed to flatter the middle-class art-film audience 's patronizing attitude toward the Third World .
During the second half 's institutional breakdown , the movie truly comes alive , casting off any To Monsieur , with Love aspirations and turning into something much more complicated , chewy and real .
The Class is a prime document of French post-colonial blues , though its relevance to American urban education could not be any greater if it had been made in the Bronx or Trenton or South Los Angeles .
Though it plays up its own social relevance , it actually works something like an uncomfortably realistic docudrama .
The Class simply exists as it is , a dispatch from a familiar world that has still never seemed to real .
Probably the year 's best film , Laurent Cantet 's film is a work of jaw-dropping intelligence , humanity and the most subtle cinematic bravura .
Besides writing the book and the screenplay , Begaudeau takes the role of an indefatigable teacher for whom there must be an award or trophy for endurance .
thriambos toy kinimatografimenoy -LRB- alla ohi aparaitita kinimatografikoy -RRB- reality , tis aisthitikis enos ekfylismenoy sinema berite metekseligmenoy ston neoneorealismo , ton opoio o Cantet petyhainei me apsegadiasti eystohia
Bristles with the energy of hormone-addled 13-15 year olds in an inner city Paris junior high school .
The Class is a thoroughly engaging , superbly directed drama with strong performances and a challenging , provocative script .
This documentary-style look at a year in a French middle school is certainly ambitious and ultimately delivers after a pretty tedious first hour .
Offers a rich microcosm of today 's multi-ethnic French population and fascinating insights into the complicated dilemmas and misunderstandings which teaching -- and indeed learning -- can entail .
Talky in the best sense , the film exhilarates with its lively , authentic classroom banter while its emotional undercurrents build steadily but almost imperceptibly over a swift 129 minutes .
A highly dramatic and candid look at the challenges facing a nation that prides itself on its egalitarianism yet is now being confronted with a multi-ethnic citizenry that does not always embrace its hallowed traditions .
Cantet 's Palme d'Or winner is a marvel , its authenticity deriving both from the superb performances of its non-professional cast and from a screenplay co-written by Bégaudeau .
A lovely , exhilarating work about the ways in which failure and frustration can open the pathways through which we make sense out of life .
An artful , intelligent movie about modern French identity and the attempt to transform those bodies into citizens through talk , talk , talk .
Place The Class on your must-see list and keep it there until you do .
Boasting a clarity and consistency of vision that 's as bracing as its naturalistic performances , -LSB- The Class -RSB- is vigorous , incisive , immediate .
At best , The Class is great reality TV .
A rounded and revealing portrait of a French teacher in a multiracial Parisian school and the challenges he faces in the classroom .
The Class is a true movie miracle : fragile yet indelible .
`` The Class '' -LRB- `` Entre les murs '' -RRB- proves to be worthy of its recent Palme d'Or win in Cannes , under the rigorous attention of director Laurent Cantet who spent a year of improvisation preparation before adapting it to the film 's semi-improvised shoot .
It 's a strong testament to its crowd-pleasing nature that I 'd begrudgingly recommend the movie in spite of its conceptual and ideological shortcomings .
In sharp contrast to most Hollywood films about teaching , Cantet 's Cannes Fest prize-winner is a realistic , provocative and relevant chronicle of the French educational system as reflected in one multi-racial school serving as a microcosm of society .
Again an austere but acutely observed drama with a quasi-documentary style , Entre les murs -LRB- The Class -RRB- impresses with its veracious tone and nuanced characterisations .
It 's as close to reality as you 're going to get from fiction .
Cantet 's film makes you squirm with indignation and disbelief . But it also captures one or two of those rare moments of breakthrough that make all the difference to a teacher 's will to live .
All that 's missing is Lulu .
Its approach is a million miles from any tale of educational triumph and tragedy you 've ever seen .
Arguably the finest film ever made about education . And within the context of a changing world , it is timely , too .
The performances are so natural that you could easily mistake The Class for a documentary .



@highlight

Energetic and bright , this hybrid of documentary style and dramatic plotting looks at the present and future of France through the interactions of a teacher and his students in an inner city high school .