How bad could it be ? Well , as the popular `` Mad Men '' meme goes , it 's `` Not great , Bob ! ''
Rock often struggles in comedies he did n't have a hand in writing , but he looks comfortable trading sentimental confessions with Sandler , who channels some of the same paternal sadness he so gently played in Meyerowitz .
It 's a simple premise and , to the surprise of just about nobody , it 's executed with little panache , ingenuity , heart or even basic comic merit . It is a textbook example of what people mean when they say `` straight to Netflix '' in a negative way .
There 's a good bit to like here , including some solid supporting turns from Steve Buscemi and Rachel Dratch . But it falls short , if not by a lot .
The latest box of flagging gaggery to fall off the assembly line at Sandler 's Happy Madison production house is one of his laziest efforts on record . Which is really saying something .
A messy patchwork of a movie that is tonally all over the map and way overstays its 116 minutes . What could have been an incisive comedy about class and ethnicity is instead a random dump of easy , mean-spirited jokes mixed with unearned sentimentality .
The Week Of is n't a good movie by any conventional standards , but it manages to clear the very low bar Sandler has set for himself .
Raunchy comedy about dad throwing a wedding for daughter .
There 's no way audiences would pay to see The Week Of at a theater . Even streaming it might feel like a rip-off .
It 's mostly just mind-numbingly dull , with the annoyingly unfunny comedy bits at least breaking the monotony .
Sure , there 's the usual screeching and shtickiness and product placement , but the flick is also surprisingly easy-going , capturing the nervous energy that comes with weddings .
Even with helpful title cards telling us it 's `` MONDAY , '' `` TUESDAY , '' etc. , etc. , this is a week that feels 10 days long .
The best that can be said about The Week Of is that it at least tacks some heart onto an otherwise stale , mothball-scented set-up .
As usual , Adam Sandler presents a mean-spirited comedy , but an unengaged cast and uninspired writing also make The Week Of a bore .
After 85 minutes of mediocrity , The Week Of finally lands on one inspired bit , and then there 's another half hour to go .
While some gags are funny the first time around , practically everything in `` The Week Of '' overstays its welcome .
Smigel may not want to take up permanent residence in the Happy Madison offices , but he raises his old friend 's game considerably .
If you 're willing to take The Week Of on its own terms , it 's a goodhearted , sentimental comedy that wants to be The Father of the Bride with more vulgarity .
Smigel creates a charmingly manic farce with `` The Week Of , '' playing with wedding build-up clichés and absurdity with remarkable fluidity and appreciation for non-sequitur humor .
More than most of the Sandler Netflix comedies , it almost feels genuine and heartfelt enough that you think you 're about to like it and then it just goes wrong again .
What we assume might turn into a patriarchal power struggle never reaches a boil , making for an overly sentimental movie that misuses the outsize talents of its two big stars .
Laughter-free , joke-free and entertainment-free abomination .

@highlight

The Week Of suggests promise in further collaborations between Sandler and Robert Smigel , but its shopworn premise and listless execution are n't enough to recommend it .