It does n't rely on annoying pop references or scenes of shameless schmaltz . Credit is probably due to executive producer Guillermo del Toro .
The tight , focused script ensures that the crazier aspects of the film are n't superfluous and do n't distract from the characters ' main quest . It 's also jam-packed full of hilarious jokes .
Puss in Boots may be shameless in the way it attempts to woo us through the cute appeal of its feline stars , but it goes a long way to making this film irresistible .
A refreshing departure from the `` Shrek '' films , this animated comedy is jam-packed with witty dialogue and charismatic characters .
I like this cat . I hope they make four more of these . Viva el gato !
Finally , there 's a cat even cooler than Garfield who will win the box office as well as a place on your favorites list . His name is Puss and he wears boots .
Banderas vocally vamps this up in ways he never gets to do in live action films .
Bet the litter box that the cat in the hat will be back , Puss in Boots is fantastic family fun , both kids and adults will lap it up like a cold glass of milk .
Puss offers strong CGI charisma , and with a tighter narrative focus than Shrek , it 's safe to say that DreamWorks has another franchise-worthy golden goose .
`` Puss in Boots '' is light , breezy family entertainment that -LSB- features -RSB- top-notch voice work from the entire cast .
Puss in Boots delivers just the right mixture of fun , exciting and super cute .
Clever and witty enough for adults and colorful and zany enough for children . Moreover , it 's adventurous enough for anyone to like , no matter what their age .
Puss proves more than capable and deserving of the solo spotlight , his outsize bravado , machismo , ego spilling out beyond the big screen in fiercely funny feline fashion .
Puss in Boots kind of surprised me . Far more witty then I expected it to be , nicely animated and featuring a charming story of forgiveness and redemption that belies its Shrek inspired fractured fairy tale roots , this movie more than won me over .
`` Puss in Boots '' shows that there 's certainly enough in him to create a new hero beloved by both children and merchandise executives .
Avoids all the worst tendencies of the later Shrek movies .
an eksaireseis kana dyo eksypna gags kai kapoies paixnidiarikes proseggiseis sthn paradosh toy Shrek na anakateyei klasika paramythia , s ' olon ton ypoloipo afhghmatiko toys aksona kratane ta pragmata apelpistika paidika
With Banderas ' scene-stealing feline finally getting his own film , the franchise now has a worthy successor to the two original Shrek movies .
I 'm pretty sure that the reason Antonio Banderas was put on this planet was to make Puss in Boots speak ... -LSB- H -RSB- ilariously and endlessly inventive ...
There are betrayals and double-crosses galore , rattling chases and swish sword fights , fleeting visual gags , mischievous verbal jokes and , best of all , a frisky flamenco dance-off between Puss and Kitty that will leave the viewer purring with pleasure .
Puss 's boots are delectable things which could almost have been the product of that classic fairy tale , The Elves and the Shoemaker -LRB- ... -RRB- and every time -LRB- ... -RRB- we see those little gnashers , the film is a technical marvel .
Puss In Boots is the cat 's meow .
An attractive adventure yarn that combines the fairytale and the western .
While its fairytale-inspired premise lacks the subversive wit of the better Shrek films , Puss in Boots is an agreeably snappy , visually enticing yarn nonetheless .
Puss in Boots is a highly amusing little diversion that will mesmerise the kids and hopefully give the adults a naughty little cackle as well .
What kids will get from it is plenty of fairly outrageous but not often witty fun with fairytale elements blended into a kind of latterday spaghetti western . For the rest of us , there is plenty of nice visual detail .
Puss In Boots is as good as the first Shrek and , at its best , touches on the genius of Shrek 2 .
Though Puss was an entertaining subsidiary character in Shrek 2 , he fails to convince as a leading character .
As you 'd expect with DreamWorks , the animation is smooth and the 3D impressive , particularly when Puss and his partners in crime ride a giant beanstalk up into the heavens .
Chaotic yet beautifully arranged , sensuous yet innocent ... Cat lovers will be in kitty heaven .
It 's all amiable stuff , with a perfectly decent script , and the feline hero lapping his milk gets an indulgent laugh .
Most of the jokes fit into two categories : `` Ha ha , he 's Spanish '' and `` Ha ha , he 's a cat '' .
That suave , scene-stealing cat from Shrek 2 finally gets his own swashbuckling adventure and it could n't be a more colourful feline fairy tale .
Puss in Boots is very jolly for an hour . Then , like Santa Claus misjudging a chimney , it gets stuck at the moment we hope it will break free and distribute the festive gifts .
Just a whisker away from being the cat 's whiskers .
this western-parodying cat-with-too-many-names is closer to Rango than to anything from the Kingdom of Far Far Away .
Every time Puss opened his mouth to speak I was so captivated by his gnashers they helped to make this one of the most entertaining animations I 've seen since The Incredibles and Happy Feet .
What the film boast in charm and exuberance , it sadly lacks in emotional core , and while there is n't really any depth to the bonds formed over the 90 minutes , it 's still a great family-friendly action-comedy .
Purr-fect fun for rugrats mourning the end of the Shrek series .
It may be ogre-free , but it 's a monster of a movie .
Entertaining spin-off enlivened by a terrific voice performance from Shrek scene-stealer Antonio Banderas and colourful animation work but the script is weak and the film blows all its best gags early on .
Puss in Boots is a Shrek spin-off , which might seem pointless in addition to predictable .
` Puss in Boots ' is uneven , but when it 's on course , cat fans will be in heaven .
Where the visuals fail , the script does not pick up the slack . -LSB- The -RSB- screenplay plods along , and not even the occasional prison-rape joke can make it come to life .
For a film with many stylistic , thematic and tonal inconsistencies , it is still good fun .
Like most kittens , it 's not always perfectly behaved , but at least this new Puss adventure does n't have you reaching for the cinematic spray bottle .
Audiences of every age can delight in the antics , adventures and cattitude of the lovable Puss in Boots .
Our expectations have not been satisfied ; the character of Puss in Boots has been diminished , the story is trite and meaningless and the hero 's journey we expected is a lame duck
Unlike most digital cartoon featues , this is an utterly unpretentious film devoted almost entirely to comedy and action , with little moralizing .
Mostly this is lots of frenetic fun , and Puss himself is a terrific hero . The animation , seen in 3D in many cinemas , is splendid .
This Shrek spin-off continues the theme of mashing up fairy tales with movie genres , and while there 's a slightly stale odour lingering through this prequel , it 's also witty enough to keep us laughing .
It falls short of ` Rango , ' ` Kung Fu Panda 2 ' and ` Winnie the Pooh , ' but not by a lot . It 's fast , entertaining , and funny .
Time and time again , Puss coats his true desires in a thick veneer of synthetic heterosexuality .
The 3D treatment is fine , but not necessary to enjoy this most cuddly of kitty concoctions .
For the most part , the stale wisecracks are on the order of `` First rule of Bean Club : You do not talk about Bean Club . ''
There are some good fight scenes , some nice dance numbers and a lot of swashbuckling in this film .
The moment that Puss made his debut in Shrek 2 , dramatically voiced by Antonio Banderas , and all but walked away with the picture , it was clear that DreamWorks Animation had created a resonant character .
While not the purrfect family entertainment , Puss In Boots does spin a delightful yarn .
It 's solid entertainment from top to bottom , with enough cute , fun , funny and adventurous moments to delight most viewers . -LRB- Parental Movie Review also available -RRB-
Puss in Boots is certainly not the cat 's meow , but it does n't deserve a place in the litter box either .
An ironic adventure movie that crackles with energy and surprisingly non-grating comedy .
I also really enjoyed Galifianakis as Humpty , whose apparent earnestness is leavened with just the right amount of psychopathic megalomania . You know , for the kids .
The best way I can think to describe the film is that it 's pretty consistently pleasant .
The supporting character from ` Shrek ' is made the star of his own movie with stretched out results
What could have been a cheap and easy spin-off is instead a surprisingly engaging and richly constructed adventure film .
It 's a given that any movie featuring the fencing feline is probably going to be more entertaining than the last two Shrek movies .
It turns out to be a tremendous amount of fun and not at all like the recent listless Shrek sequels .
Finally , a fun animated movie that treats Puss in Boots like the star he was meant to be .
The best thing I can say about Puss in Boots is that it 's not just another crappy Shrek sequel . It actually does something different , which makes it surprisingly fun .
Family fun adventure with an occasional wink to the adults . Who does n't love Puss in Boots ? Even Guillermo del Toro got in on this !
It 's furry , frisky , family-friendly fun - and you do n't have to pay extra for the 3-D because the 2-D version is just as good .
Banderas is a delight as Puss
Nothing new , nothing strange , absolutely nothing unexpected , even for a five-year-old .
It starts out fun and dashing and crazy , but once the plot sets in , I was significantly less into it .
Puss in Boots prances along on three basic truths . One , cats are funny . Two , vain Spanish cats in high-heeled musketeer boots are even funnier . Lastly , booted , vain Spanish cats voiced by a breathy Antonio Banderas are flat-out hilarious .
Is n't exactly the freewheeling adventure the cat deserves , weighed down by a leaden script , but isolated antics remain as amusing as ever , demanding Banderas rear back and let loose with a full-body performance .
Puss in Boots never slows down enough to concern itself with pacing or plotting , and like any good cat burglar ; it always lands on its feet .
Awash in action and colour -LRB- and short , parents , short -RRB- , Puss in Boots is a terrific example of how to put a fresh spin on a character spun off from a threadbare franchise .
An almost purr-fect little film that even a dog owner can enjoy .
It would overstate matters to say Puss in Boots leaves its cat holding the bag -LRB- we had to get that in -RRB- . But it also leaves its hero awaiting a richer fable , one befitting his charms and his portrayer 's talents .
Just when you were about to give up on 3-D-and the inflated price of admission to watch it on a theater screen-along comes a film that 's worth the money . In fact , it is n't the story that makes Puss in Boots stand out , but the imaginative staging ...
I , for one , hope this darn cat and his friends return for another adventure .
The jokes and visual gags are very amusing , largely avoiding needless pop culture references and instead finding clever sources for humor .
Swashbuckling adventure features irresistible warrior cat .
A milquetoast homunculi assembled by the most hackneyed form of studio groupthink imaginable .
The character may be here to save the day , but the movie 's only here to pass the time and it does that just fine .
Unlike Mater , Puss is ready for his closeup .
It 's the morally-cracked Humpty who provides the film 's emotional trajectory . Puss in Boots is a fun feline frolic -- with just a little egg on its face .
Great cat jokes , fun performances , and impressive 3D make Puss In Boots a movie that both adults and children will love .
I did n't love it , but it features enough in the fun department to make it worth a watch if you are cat fan .
Puss in Boots still has its moments and most of them come courtesy of the stellar vocal contributions of Antonio Banderas .
The resulting spinoff , simply titled Puss in Boots , is breezily entertaining -- even to a dog person .
Turns out it 's not bad . Not bad at all . Instead of making a tacky cash-grab , they went ahead and made an actual movie . A good one !
Almost shockingly good . And not just because a lot of you will approach it with lowered expectations .
With his impeccable comic timing and lyrical Spanish accent , Banderas ' swashbuckling charmer is an undeniable treat .
Basically , this toon is a tired riff on Sergio Leone 's spaghetti Westerns , punctuated by more puns and cat jokes than you can shake a litter box at .
... while the story has many tricks , there 's little magic ...
Dare I say , in honor of Humpty , that the film is `` egg `` ceptional ?
Less visually striking , less funny , and less heart-warming than the Shrek movies and with completely unnecessary 3D , it is a step down for the series .
Supporting characters are sometimes best left as just that .
Where are Shrek , Fiona and -- gulp -- Donkey when you need them ?
Puss in Boots is a great opportunity squandered , which is all the more ironic considering the plot involves a golden goose .
Packed with exciting action , funny cat gags and eye-stabbing 3-D , Puss should claw its way to the top of the box office .
`` Puss in Boots '' is CAT-astrophically entertaining !
It 's a fabulous melding of voice talent , writing and animation that makes `` Puss in Boots '' so entertaining .
Visually , this project ranks among the best animated efforts to embrace the 3-D craze .
A cheerfully chaotic jumble of fairy tale and nursery rhyme characters parachuted into a Spanish storybook setting .
Perhaps the most engaging thing about `` Puss in Boots '' is that it never takes itself too seriously .
Puss made his debut in `` Shrek 2 , '' then did time in the two decreasingly funny sequels . Now he 's got a movie of his own , and not a moment too soon .
An enjoyable enough romp , if no template-breaker like ` Rango . '
Remember that toy where you yank a string and hear the sound of a barnyard animal ? `` Puss in Boots '' has about half as much entertainment value .
It 's always a pleasure to find a family film that respects its audience all the way up the line .
As the voice of Puss , Banderas still displays heroic charisma . And even in animated form , he and Hayek make sparks as they dance , fight , flirt and face adventure together .
`` Puss in Boots '' does n't break any new ground in the storytelling department , and its reliance on go-go-go state-of-the-art action sequences grows wearying by the end , but the movie has a devilish wit that works for parent and child alike ...
The film 's inventiveness is evident from the start ...
`` Puss in Boots '' is n't particularly deep , nor does it take itself seriously -- it just wants to seek glory , win affection and cash in . Done , done and done .
A razzle-dazzle animated feature about an outlaw cat who dances flamenco and is a survivor able to handle all challenges before him .
`` Shrek '' goofed around with what we know about beloved fairy tales , while `` Puss '' is more interested in playing with the conventions of Westerns and , specifically , Sergio Leone Westerns . You could think of it as `` The Good , the Bad and the Kitty . ''
passable
In the Shrek films , the joke of Puss in Boots , with his trilled consonants and penchant for chest-puffing sword duels , is that no one this cuddly should try to be this dashing . But in Puss in Boots , that joke wears out its welcome in 15 minutes .
Puss in Boots is cute and entertaining but hardly purr-fect .
Even if they do n't provide much lift , these boots were made for amusement .
Labors to create an alternate history from childhood treasures ; I 'll keep mine the way I remember them , thanks .
Even for a Shrek spin-off , Puss In Boots is mighty thin gruel , based more in outsized emotion than actual narrative .
I left dreaming of a world in which cats could tango - and when 's the last time a movie did that ?
The cat came back . Good thing , too .
an adventure that 's both cinematic and intimate , never sacrificing sincere emotion for the short-lived glory of a good punch line or set piece .
A legitimately entertaining prequel that encapsulates what the franchise does best : Breezy action , clever twists on classic figures from fables and grown-up gags tucked in amidst the kid-friendly developments .
For a fairy tale slash prequel slash spinoff , Puss in Boots is the cat 's meow .
Bears little resemblance to the franchise that spawned it -- and that 's a good thing .
As good as Banderas and Hayek are together , Galifianakis is better , making Humpty-Dumpty , of all people , one of the more intriguing animated characters to come along in awhile . He 's a nice surprise .
It is a very silly film , a big adventure movie , and surprisingly effective . It 's not easy to spin off a popular supporting character into his own movie , and yet this feels completely natural .
A 2D comedy shown with technology to make you believe you 're seeing something you 're not . And one of the things you 're not seeing - or , rather , hearing - is witty dialogue .
Who needs a narrative when you 've got a few funny lines -LRB- caught with catnip , Puss declares it 's `` for my glaucoma '' -RRB- , a Morricone knockoff score and a climactic sequence with something we 'll call Goosezilla ?
A mad scientist in The Skin I Live In and a talking cat in Puss in Boots : is there anything Antonio Banderas ca n't do ?
... simple , sincere and largely innocent .
Has enough charm and visual delights to compensate for its own storytelling shortcomings .
For quick , lively , family friendly entertainment , `` Puss in Boots '' works just fine , even in 3-D , which is integrated thoughtfully into the narrative and does n't just feel like a gimmick .
A winning vocal turn by Banderas anchors this swashbuckling animated family adventure , a peppy , character-rooted romp that thankfully abandons some of the more frenzied and forced in-joke references of the Shrek series .
Even though the past few Shrek films have been a chore and the character of Puss himself is fairly one-note and perhaps better suited as a side character , this new spin-off film will surprise you with its clever script and hearty adventurer 's spirit .
Puss ' origin story could easily stand on its own -- a testament to clever writing on the part of its creative team and an irresistible central performance by Antonio Banderas .
As handsome as any animated movie you can name , but it does n't even have the slick , narrative efficiency of one of the Kung Fu Panda movies .
Colorful , clever enough , free of cloying showbiz in-jokes , action-packed without being ridiculous about it and even well choreographed ...
-LSB- VIDEO -RSB- Spun off from the finally-adjourned Shrek franchise , `` Puss in Boots '' is a well crafted DreamWorks animated movie that succeeds in spite of , rather than due to , its extraneous 3D treatment .
The results are so funny and irresistible audiences are bound to be swept away into this kitty 's universe .



@highlight

It is n't deep or groundbreaking , but what it lacks in profundity , Puss in Boots more than makes up for with an abundance of wit , visual sparkle , and effervescent charm .