Bathed in chilly winter air with a fragrance of hot coffee , the film moves at an unhurried pace , taking in the sights and sounds of the various pit stops , and essentially enjoying itself .
It 's the surprising but effective payoff to Don Justo 's journey that has the most emotional pull , which is due in no small part to newcomer Benedicti 's performance .
Vacuous road movie in which vacant characters receive rewards that far outweigh their uninspired goals .
The vision of Intimate Stories is amusingly warm-hearted without being cloying or sentimental ; the landscape may be harsh , but the performances are inviting .
Sorin 's charming road comedy captures the humanity of small-town dreamers .
This comic Argentine road movie shows human nature at its most generous .
Like the performances , the movie is a small-scale feat of naturalism .
While the Argentine filmmaker takes his time , his film is n't tedious .
Warm and frequently very funny , Argentine director Carlos Sorin 's third feature weaves together three story lines into one road-tripping adventure that 's a joy ride from beginning to end .
Has no profound statements to make , but it does provide warm and fuzzy comfort .
As stripped down as its title , this gentle Argentinian road movie makes much out of very little .
A small movie , and a modest one .
Almost every frame of this modest gem of a movie , directed by Carlos Sorin from a screenplay by Pablo Solarz , conveys the emptiness of the environment in which three interwoven vignettes unfold .
Endowed with captivating simplicity , gentle humor , rich humanity and infectious generosity of spirit .
Tender , gently luminous road movie .
Gentle , humanistic , delicious .
It 's a perfectly realized grace note whose lack of any obvious message only reinforces the movie 's abundant wisdom and patient humanism .
Only the highway itself remains constant in Sorin 's sweet , shaggy travelogue .
Feels like a campfire yarn bereft of the giant , climactic payoff , instead maintaining a relaxed , almost demure tone of destiny-touched hopefulness
Quiet and unpretentious , the film 's humanism is n't confrontational exactly but it 's unmistakable nonetheless .
` Minimal Stories ' presents three stories about humble life and small joys which intertwine and cross in natural yet ingenious ways .
Contrasting the epic Patagonian landscapes with the modesty of his characters ' aspirations , Sorin has crafted an appealing portrait of this remote region .
Travels a considerable distance on its gentle humor and the engaging performances of its largely nonprofessional cast .




@highlight

This modest road movie features naturalistic performances and a heartwarming tone of gentle humanism .