All spunk and no spark make for a mediocre movie .
Seriously , an R-rating and this would have been a totally different , way better movie .
It sounds like that the kind of thing that would have been right at home with the teen comedies of twenty years ago , or even the brief American Pie-ish revival . But compared to current stuff it 's actually kind of quaint .
This is not made for anyone with more than a sprinkling of intelligence .
A charmless , witless , lumbering mess . Almost nothing could redeem this lame comedy .
Fired Up is big on stereotypes -LRB- hello , gay Indian guy -RRB- , overstatement -LRB- if you did n't already realise , loud = funny -RRB- and borderline homophobia . To paraphrase Repo Man , the longer you watch this , the stupider you might become .
A lamentably unfunny flick .
Five , six , seven , eight ; Fired Up is not so great .
This aggressively stupid comedy tries to have it both ways , advocating sexual probity while its cameras linger over acres of golden female thighs .
Fired Up is a desperate and vacuous attempt at a teen comedy that not only lacks laughs , but even the gross-out moments and shameless nudity used by other such genre offerings .
Clichéd execution , paper-thin characters .
Fired Up is cinema as abuse , and its chief victim is any paying audience . To have shelled out cash for this witless farrago of sub-Porky 's japery and straight-to-bargain-bin acting would be the airborne spin that broke the cheerleader 's back .
Surprisingly , first-time director Will Gluck takes this raunchy premise and twists it into a boobs-free romantic comedy .
Dross .
Most of the gags are blah , blah , blah rather than ra , ra , ra .
A puerile , remedial class version of Wedding Crashers .
Fired Up will never win any prizes for wit or originality . The jokes are obvious , the plot is predictable and the whole formulaic film feels like a gentler throwback to racy Eighties teen comedies like Porky 's .
A misogynistic American teen gross-out comedy . Celebrating male promiscuity as a rite-of-passage while demonising girls for sleeping around , it never even attempts to punish its protagonists for their horn-dog ways .
Broad and very silly , this comedy just about keeps us chuckling even when things get stupid and predictable
Ultimately let down by obnoxious characters , a half-hearted plot and a criminal lack of actual nudity .
Or not .
The screenplay is patchy and inconsistent , and provides few chuckles .
It fails , partly through prudery -- the `` nude '' scenes are notably unrevealing -- and partly because the leading men make no effort to perform their own stunts .
It 's very tame , and that 's a quality no mindless movie can afford .
Most of the characters are unappealing in many ways ; many of the girls are air heads with so little nous as to be embarrassing . Most of the young males are either obnoxious , self obsessed caricatures , sexual predators without teeth , or nerds
A harmless teen comedy with more enthusiasm than cinematic merit , Fired Up ! combines silliness , low-brow humour , romance and cheerleading acrobatics in its formulaic and predictable arsenal
S-U-C-K ! What does this movie do ? It sucks ! O-M-F-G ! It sucks !
It 's often an excruciating experience , entirely reliant on obvious stereotypes and unfunny verbalizing for its humor
the film 's one genuine charm is its ridiculous and clever use of nonsensical words and phrases to discuss R-rated material under the PG-13 umbrella
Fired Up ! is the worst of its kind : a cheap imitation of much better films , a 90-minute dirty joke with no punch line .
Sarah Roemer stands out in ` Fired Up ! ' I found her to be the only cast member who comes across as a real human being .
Fired Up fails to ignite .
Just about what you 'd expect , only maybe a little more smutty , ` Fire Up ! ' is sort of a lesser , junior version of ` Wedding Crashers ' combined with ` Bring It On . '
` Fired Up ! ' has a great story to tell for sure , but it just does n't make a good ` PG-13 ' movie .
While it does n't really break any new ground in the realm of teen comedy , and certainly is n't side-splitting funny , it 's still a pretty pleasant way to spend ninety minutes , and good for a few belly laughs .
Plays like a long lost relic of the 1998-2001 teen movie boom .
Violates the most basic rules of cinematic storytelling grammar ; and for this reason it transfixed me .
It 's an adolescent boy 's callow pom-pom fantasy .
About the only thing to differentiate this dud of a comedy from the likes of Date Movie , Epic Movie , and Disaster Movie is the absence of the names Aaron Seltzer and Jason Friedberg on the credits .
A movie about high school Juniors , with a cast well into its twenties and thirties , just does n't work .
Gim me a B ! Gim me an L ! Gim me an A ! Gim me an N ! Gim me a D ! What 's that spell ? BLAND !
Ye gad -- how old are these actors playing teenagers ? Oh , never mind .
Fired Up ! is the teen sex comedy done right . It 's fresh , it 's funny , and you wo n't feel like you need a shower after watching it .
As annoying and predictable as this flick was , I found myself slapping my knee more than a couple of times . Do n't waste your money to see it in theaters . Rent it !
As long as you 're willing to suspend your disbelief and check your brain at the door , you 'll find Fired Up ! to be a zany and mindlessly entertaining laugh riot .
Raging hormones rule in crude cheerleading comedy .
promises guilty pleasure , but has the edge of a bowling ball
Call me crazy , but as a red-blooded American male , I enjoy watching hot girls in skimpy outfits jump around on the movie screen .
Olsen is nicely deadpan , but save for a handful of S-words , there 's nothing here you could n't see on TV , and thus it would n't hurt to wait for that format if you have even the slightest bit of interest .
Even though I know better the darn thing worked for me , and other than a misstep or two towards the end overall I 'm going to give this one a boisterous shout of approval .
An affable throwback to the comedies of the 1980s ...
Parental Content Review
Will Shawn prove his love for her by committing himself to the cheerleading squad ? Will Carly ever find out that her current boyfriend , Dr. Rick -LRB- David Walton -RRB- , is also a lying male slut ? Will anyone need a trip to the clinic ?
Nicholas D'Agosto and Eric Christian Olsen make a hilarious pair ; If you 're under the age of 25 you 'll like it .
Sloppy but moderately amusing .
Excuse me , I hear someone at the gates . Must be the barbarians , here at last .
If this movie were a teenager , you 'd put it on Ritalin right away .
Spending time with these guys is the longest 89 minutes ever .
The film 's misogyny is countered only by its homophobia -- its male gay characters are mincing idiots , while the women could have walked out of a you-wish Playboy spread .
The idea may be dusty -- this is Wedding Crashers on the football field -- but the delivery is fresh .
A teen comedy that views sex as an all-you-can-gorge buffet .
Nobody 's going to get all that fired up about Fired Up , the latest in what seems like a million-mile-long line of purposely dumb adolescent sex comedies . But as genre entries go , this one 's passable fun .
`` F.U. stands for funny . An outrageous sex-obsessed teen comedy that 's something to cheer about - especially if you 're 16 .
I did n't half-mind Fired Up , but half a mind is more than it deserves . It 's Wedding Crashers with high school seniors and bras and panties , as opposed to Vince Vaughn and Owen Wilson and copious toplessness .
As far as this sort of raunchy campus comedy goes , Fired Up ! is n't as bad as you might expect ... But of course that does n't mean it 's good .
No surprises along the way -- except perhaps how poorly the cheerleading routines are photographed and how much you can get away with in a PG-13 movie .
Check my man card at the door and begin making fun of me because I have to admit to completely enjoying Fired Up ! .
What could have been something hearty and earthy and bouncy and sexy is instead unpleasant like sweaty bedsheets ... sweaty with someone else 's sweat , that is .
This is a film so scuzzy and creepy in tone that you keep getting the sense that if there was any possible that it could slip a roofie into your soda while you were n't looking , it would .
At once funnier than it should be and more witless than it should have been .
All the jokes , and the plot , go about halfway , then pull back in shame -- unless they 're gay jokes , in which case anything goes .
The dozen or so laughs I got out of it , while solid indeed , are n't enough to justify a 90-minute movie .
The Maxim revolution kicks off with Fired Up and the fact that even the now Hammond-less skin mag 's name is nowhere to be found on the title , should tell you that even they are trying to maintain some dignity .
It goes without saying that Fired Up ! is predictable , but that would n't have mattered were there a semblance of reality or charm to the proceedings .
It might not be original , but Fired Up ! makes you laugh
Foul mouthed football players turned cheerleaders , with all the elegance of a sledgehammer , come off as far too horny for high school . Earplugs , please . Not to mention a too much information , accidental promo for home schooling . Hose this one down .
Passable in its efficiency , Fired Up ! is less offensive than it might have been while also managing to be staggeringly uninspired .
Like a grotesque hybrid between the straight-to-DVD American Pie and Bring It On sequels , Fired Up asks the audience to root for a skirt-chasing Seacrest-and-Dunkleman pair who operate like a hive-minded Van Wilder .
As long as you do n't expect too much , Fired Up ! 's aim is true enough .
The movie has no comic or hormonal sensibility of its own -- every feeling in Fired Up ! feels borrowed from another comedy , television show , or pop song .
This is a silly little movie that can .
An arduous cheerleader comedy geared toward those too green to know that cheerleader comedies went out long before the last pompom shake of Bring It On .
How this idea escaped its logical fate as a direct-to-DVD Bring It On 6 : It 's the Boys ' Turn ! is anyone 's guess .
This new movie borrows from the 2005 Vince Vaughn/Owen Wilson hit with such utter shamelessness , you have to wonder if royalty checks are already in the mail .
Oh , is this movie bad .
More tolerable than it ought to be .
Bikini-clad babes and sniggering humor abound in the teen sex comedy Fired Up ! , but so do some other things : namely a charming cast , glimmers of intelligence and a sweetly youthful spirit .
Man-boys , nubile girls , sporting hijinks , and beloved actor John Michael Higgins in a cameo ; one would think with these tools the filmmakers could 've invited any reaction from the viewer other than the one they achieve : self-immolation .
As horny-teen comedies go , this one is surprisingly and consistently funny ... A blend of manic energy and hyperarticulate wit , mixing intellect and wordplay with low comedy .
I ca n't remember exactly when I used the phrase ` rock-bottom puddle of camera-vomit , ' but I 'm sorry now that I did n't save it for this .
It was the rampant homophobia , tossed in everywhere it did n't belong , that convinced me Fired Up ! is just a hateful mess .
It may be as dumb as you 'd expect from this team , but Fired Up is still the best ` dumb cheerleader ' comedy since Bring It On .
The teensploitation premise is like something a porn filmmaker from the '70s might have come up with . But Fired Up ! has one added quirk : The script , credited to Freedom Jones , is a riot of tongue-twisting ironic sleaze .
Fired Up delivers consistent laughs , and it treats its female characters -LRB- and even its gay ones -RRB- with enough dignity that you wo n't hate yourself in the morning .
The problem with Fired Up is that it does n't follow a simple rule of the genre : If you 're going to make a raunchy teen sex comedy , go all the way .
Not content to be just another dumb high school flick , it 's actually teaching young , virginal viewers to treat women like stupid , submissive slut-cattle for the rest of their lives .
As hard as this movie tries to ` bring it on ' , it probably should have left the cheerleading realm well enough alone ... one of the most blatantly sexist and homophobic comedies in some time .
Fired Up is both smarter and dumber than necessary , vacillating as it does between being a parody of teen sex comedies and a fresh example of the subgenre .
Fired Up plays like a direct-to-video American Pie sequel .
There is n't anything special here , but `` Fired Up ! '' is still a lot more fun than the adult romantic comedies Hollywood has trotted out so far this year .
An over-cranked teen comedy that only travels so far on its one-gag premise .
If the sorry state of Hollywood comedy could use a boost from a pep squad , it 's let down by the droopy Fired Up !


@highlight

Though not as raunchy or juvenile as the average teen comedy , Fired Up is also not as funny .