Its slight stuff , sure , but King Jack is a film thats executed with smarts and sensitivity .
-LSB- Director Thompson -RSB- has a particular ally in Plummer , a bashed-up presence more compelling than a dozen stage-school brats , displaying a fortitude you warm to even as you 're watching all cockiness being kicked from his form .
It 's an elegiac , dreamy little film , and catches perfectly the passing madness of the teenage state .
Dark coming-of-age movie has intense , sadistic bullying .
Though Thompson clearly has a facility with young actors , as nearly every performance in the film is very good , it 's not enough to save the film from mediocre clichés and poor dialogue baked into the script .
Might not have the freshest ingredients in the indie kitchen , but it still knows how to stir up something with a kick .
... steers away from clichés and cheap sympathy , and instead resonates with raw authenticity .
The debut feature of Felix Thompson is an assured coming-of-age drama .
This directorial debut proves to be one quite delightful surprise : funny , touching and real .
Thompson 's leads are so natural in their roles , and his filmmaking is so immediate and intimate , that King Jack is instantly absorbing .
Lacking personality or insight , `` King Jack '' is a ho-hum tale of young aggression-been there , bruised that .
Thanks to a strongly rooted lead performance by Charlie Plummer as a 15-year-old small-town kid who 's well on his way to a stint in juvenile detention , `` King Jack '' still strikes a resonant chord .
King Jack is an emotional coming-of-age story that does n't shy away from the lumps and bruises of pseudo-adulthood .
For everyone who ever had a close call as an adolescent and kept it from the grown-ups , `` King Jack '' will hit you where you live .
First-time writer-director Felix Thompson demonstrates good instincts for two of King Jack 's standard three acts .
Writer-director Felix Thompson 's first film is a sensitive and self-possessed debut that clocks in at 76 minutes and does n't waste a single one of them .
It 's a tribute to Thompson 's humane sensitivity to character detail that its concluding jolt of affirmation feels fully , inspirationally earned .
An exceptionally powerful coming-of-age story that pairs the charm and heart we 've come to expect from the genre with some especially intense and brutal drama .
The name Felix Thompson is to be added to lists of up-and-coming directors to keep an eye on .
With a beautifully poised script , King Jack delivers an honest depiction of adolescent sexuality and a terrifying depiction of teen violence .
The combination of innocence and steely determination make Jack a sympathetic figure and the film delivers enough tough , tender insight into his life to strike a universal chord .
The overriding air is one of tenderness , with Plummer intelligently suggesting layers of confusion beneath his bravado , engaging our sympathies and ultimately winning our loyalty .
Plummer leads an admirably natural cast with an affecting blend of swagger and vulnerability that recalls a young River Phoenix .
What elevates this indie film is Boardwalk Empire 's Charlie Plummer , with something of the young DiCaprio about him .
King Jack is n't breaking new ground in its subject matter but it is an exceptional piece of film-making - one of the very best debut features of its type since David Gordon Green 's George Washington .
There 's some lovely stuff in here , some gorgeous observational moments about the directionless ache of the teen experience .
An atmospheric rite of passage that suggests big things lie ahead for its writer-director and young cast .
The performances of Plummer and Nichols have a sweet , open quality and this is an engaging coming-of-age story .
King Jack blends drama and thriller elements creating a truly psychological portrait .
At once harsh and wistful in its depiction of off-the-rails youth in a depressed New York town .
This is true-to-life teenage stuff .
Harsh punishments are dished out in a way that jolts the material away from coming-of-age cliché .
Felix Thompson 's Tribeca-awarded debut covers familiar coming-of-age material with sensitivity and style .
A graceful , small-scale film set in working-class Hudson Valley , New York over the course of an aimless summer break .

@highlight

Hard-hitting and honest yet sensitive , King Jack is an uncommonly affecting coming-of-age drama and a powerful calling card for debuting writer-director Felix Thompson .