One wishes that Sirhan Sirhan did n't aim for Kennedy and instead set his sights on wiping out the entire lot of time-wasting characters .
Not every story comes together into a satisfying climax , and it feels like some time has been wasted with some people that could have been better spent with others .
A labor of love from actor/writer/director Emilio Estevez , Bobby is a very well written , deftly directed and incredibly acted ensemble piece .
A stew
This movie has everything to do with Estevez 's needy ego , and nothing to do with Bobby Kennedy . It is a disgrace .
a great cast but a little crowded
Bobby throbs with tremendous contemporary relevance .
Emilio Estevez has done a terrific job with Bobby , a film that explores the lives of people who were at the Ambassador Hotel in Los Angeles the day that Robert Kennedy won the California primary and was shot to death .
Despite problems with its subplots , the larger story of the times and the man are so compelling , and the actors here are so capable , that the movie succeeds .
The surprisingly masterful Bobby washes over you as a lament for a lost era , a lost legacy , a lost dream of the country that could have been .
A fascinating reflection of the times , when idealism and hope still held pride of place in the minds and hearts of the American public
There 's nothing worse than a movie that knows it 's important , and Bobby reminds its audience of that fact in almost every scene through character development , dialogue and plot .
The ensemble structure of ` Bobby ' becomes problematic , because some the stories are clumsy and dull .
Fantasy icon super-imposed over a whole menu of subconscious collective thwarted desires .
Strong on stars but short on real drama . Impressive but ultimately unmemorable .
This dim movie invites suicidal comparison with Altman 's ensemble pieces .
It makes you wish you were watching a biopic of Robert Kennedy instead .
If Estevez 's drama had been as strong as -LSB- RFK 's -RSB- speech , Bobby would have been a far better film .
Using his haunting elegy for Martin Luther King over the final scene , Estevez makes most of what 's gone before seem entertaining enough but fairly trivial . This is not , after all , Grand Hotel .
It 's hard to dislike a film with such laudable ambition . But watching this feels like being kidnapped by a hippie parade .
You can understand why somebody would want to make a film about such a famous `` lost moment '' in American history , but this celebrity ensemble piece is misconceived and poorly managed .
The film plays more like an episode of The Love Boat than hard-hitting cinema .
Meandering , maudlin and totally missable .
So , yet again , Hollywood 's elite has produced a political tract that plays fast and loose with history from an empty-headed , politically correct perspective .
A historical timepiece reverberating now . Preachy in parts , but Estevez 's Who 's Who of Hollywood lights up an impressive ensemble drama .
Few of the characterisations could fill the back of a matchbook , and , in refusing to see RFK as anything other than a liberal messiah , the film meanders through its political context with a white stick and a dopey smile .
Liberal Hollywood may well be looking for a uniting , inspiring figure of principle in these troubled times . Bobby Kennedy is a dull choice .
The profound grip of Bobby is that it 's about the murder of a dream , an eloquent requiem for what might have been , and a tragic reminder of how much that bullet cost .
It 's uneven but when Bobby 's at its best it 's unbelievably good .
Presents a blinkered look at the man and what he meant to Americans in the turbulent 60s , but nobody can accuse Estevez of lacking sincerity .
A remarkable ensemble in an uneven patchwork of loss , longing and the urgent necessity of a societal rethink .
does capture the mournful finale well enough to overlook the weaknesses of Estevez 's script
While the movie is about one of our great national tragedies , it is not without hope .
The screenplay is a collection of half-formed ideas andpartial character traits masquerading as fully-rounded people .
That other Bobby -LRB- Altman -RRB- would be very proud ...
Even if some plots go on a bit long and others veer into self-righteousness , it 's a lovely balancing act , and worth a look .
`` Bobby '' is both a crowning achievement for Estevez and the years must see movie . Here 's hoping Robert Altman got to see it .
RFK assassination revisited as ` Crash ' style roundelay .
... suffers from a distinctly uneven vibe ...
Robert Kennedy won the California Primary that night . History will show that he was shot moments after claiming victory , gunned down while walking through the kitchen of the Ambassador . However , with `` Bobby , '' his message continues almost 40 years later .
One of the key problems with the new Robert Kennedy biopic , `` Bobby , '' is that it never is as compelling , necessary or as thought-provoking as RFK 's ideas , nor is it as interesting or as tumultuous as the time it depicts .
Estevez 's plan to honor RFK feels more like exploitation of the footage to give his movie energy and an emotional context it does n't otherwise have .
For all his good intentions , Mr. Estevez has reduced history to a bad melodrama in which nothing much happens until a crazed assassin -LRB- of whom we catch only a fleeting prior glimpse -RRB- supposedly destroys the last great hope of a liberal renaissance .
Emilio Estevez 's inventive and passionate `` Bobby '' is so timely today % u2014 in a world lacking justice and peace and in much need of a strong and convincing leader .
While it includes excerpts of some RFK speeches , Bobby provides no insight into the man and his politics , choosing instead to flit among the insipid soap opera storylines .
Not because of its overly ambitious screenplay , but because of its heart , its performers and its shots of real-life subject matter , `` Bobby '' is better than average .
As we experience Kennedy 's compassion and eloquence in newsreel footage and hear the campaign speech he delivered that night , we comprehend the film 's overwhelming sense of loss .
What I resent most about Bobby is that it 's so obvious that it has no ability to be meaningful . It 's like making a movie about how the ocean is wet . Who does n't know that ?
A document to the idealistic spirit of RFK 's times . Estevez , in a trifecta as director-screenwriter-star , brilliantly succeeds in all aspects .
In what is clearly a labor of love , Estevez has assembled an extraordinary cast to present a mosaic of American culture at one of the '60s ' key turning points . Estevez may milk the final sequence a little too long , but the result is deeply affecting .
... -LSB- a -RSB- notoriously uneven political melodrama . In short , Bobby deserved more than what it got from its sprawling yet cluttered scope of transparent convictions .
A very good film , a deeply felt film , and even in its occasional missteps is miles ahead of the simplemindedness of last year 's Crash , to which it has been compared .
What registers is the movie 's cross-section of people -LRB- an ensemble cast selected from all corners of the Hollywood map -RRB- pulling together for a common future .
There are so many people involved that none of them are given a chance to be special or memorable , until they become victims of a senseless act of violence .
To paraphrase Lloyd Bentsen , Estevez is no Robert Altman .
One awful ` dramatic ' scene follows another , until we become almost awed -LRB- wait until you hear Fishburne 's chef deliver a metaphorical speech about blueberry cobbler -RRB- .
While these many plots vary in effectiveness and banality , the finale % u2014Kennedy 's arrival the hotel and the violence that follows % u2014is undeniably moving .
Ham-handed and TV-movie flat , it states the obvious , then states it again and again and again .
Where is Aaron Sorkin when you need him ?
A dynamite ensemble cast gives a good try but writer/director Emilio Estevez bites off more than he can script in a too ambitious Robert Altman experiment gone mediocre
It 's this disconnect between historical reality and dramatic indulgence that keeps an otherwise worthy film from being completely satisfying . There are moments , though , where even the most hardened cynic may have to wipe away tears of regret and loss .
None of the characters is interesting on his own -- what makes them interesting is that , at the end of the day , they witness a murder . And Estevez has n't even made that compelling .
Ultimately rises above its inadequacies ; it 's an earnest tribute to a time gone by , and to a symbol of hope .
It 's a tin-eared movie , in many regards , history rewritten by that C-student who tries to jam too many footnotes into every character .
Whatever Bobby lacks in nuance , texture and depth it makes up for in idealism , passion and nostalgia for the era .
Oddly , it works , creating a pastiche of idealism , humour , loss and sadness .
A lot of quick , character-defining cameos , which makes the movie play out like a pilot for a sprawling prime-time television show .
There 's not much subtlety to be found in this fictionalized historical drama . Worse , there 's not much interesting going on , either .
It 's little more than a collection of half-glimpsed lives .
A compelling film of tender moral decency that boasts a number of moments not to be shrugged off .
So keenly felt and so deeply imagined I could n't help but be moved , even grateful for its bleeding-heart nostalgia -- which winds up feeling rather up-to-date .
... signals solidarity with the kind of late-1960 s liberalism that the martyred Bobby came to embody . It 's a nostalgia trip , and is less interesting for its vagueness .
Estevez 's true kindred spirit ... is novelist Arthur Hailey ... the political themes in Estevez 's film are frequently submerged in soap suds : Despite all its noble ideas , ` Bobby ' is less like ` JFK ' than it is ` Days of Our Lives . '
... while Estevez succeeds in catching some individually touching scenes , others are overwritten , phoney and irrelevant .
Ambitious , uneven and deeply affecting drama .
With one film , Estevez has transformed himself from a middle-aged joke into a youthful auteur who has made something beautiful , something he can be proud of , one of the best films of 2006 .
As long as you do n't let `` Bobby '' lose you , and just sit back and adapt to its chaotic ways , you may find that it reaches past your confusion into your heart .
With so much brandishing of name actors in small roles , Bobby feels like a '70s disaster flick , with the disaster in the final minutes . While waiting , viewers must content themselves with playing spot-the-star .
Always engaging , rarely revelatory , Bobby earns credit for its convictions and its ability to dramatize those convictions in the context of a man who embodied them .
It pains me to have to slam a film that so obviously has its heart in the right place , but BOBBY is such an inept and misguided effort that there 's no other option
Every isolated moment or trapping that might be excused in a better film leaps up like a cowlick that just wo n't behave : Demi Moore drawling through ` Louie Louie ' comes to mind .
Bobby may not make the case for its messiah as much as it would like to , but on its own terms , it is a reasonably moving portrayal of a society in need of salvation .
Where the hell is our money shot of brother Charlie Sheen wearing a Hawaiian shirt with dark shades while picking up a cocktail waitress at the Cocoanut Grove ?! Throw us a bone , Emilio !
Terrible , uninformative and embarrassingly amateurish in word and lensing .
What little plot Bobby has is overshadowed by the star spotting .
It is neither sprawling nor epic , and only really `` political '' insomuch as it evokes a generally nostalgic desire for optimism , uplift and mutually brokered solutions .
It 's a bland , pointless movie that happens to have a brilliantly emotional ending
If Robert Altman had been dropped on his head as a toddler , Bobby is the sort of movie he might have ended up making .
One of the most unflatteringly photographed movies I 've seen in years . A scene between Sharon Stone and Demi Moore comes off more like a bad-facelift pageant , and Lindsay Lohan does n't look a day over 40 .
Macy two-timing Stone with Graham ? It really was a different time .
The former Brat Packer turned writer-director makes a quantum leap with this mature , well-balanced and deeply felt film . He expertly juggles the many storylines , making sure they all reflect some aspect of American life and culture at this watershed time .
An earnest and altogether silly piece of conjectural melodrama .
We 've barely had time to absorb the idea of Christian Slater as director of food service before the guests start to arrive and Estevez continues to zap us with the Taser of celebrity cameos .
With so many stories to tell , and so much Kennedy footage to share , Estevez -LRB- who also appears -RRB- never gets beneath the skin of any of his characters .
The most interesting person in this maze of a movie is by far the title character . And his absence leaves an inescapable void .
If Bobby causes us to stop and compare what might have been to the leadership we currently have , one suspects Estevez would not mind at all .
Estevez does n't seem to have anything to offer beyond a sweet , unquestioning admiration of RFK and the history homework he obviously did about the trappings of the time .
A daring , messy and strangely rewarding patchwork that 's straining at the seams .
An earnest film that shows an advance in Estevez 's filmmaking technique , but one that -- given its setting -- seems curiously shallow , even trivial .
For the last four decades of racism , sexism and any other ism , we , apparently , have only an assassin to blame .
Bobby shows how some people 's problems become small and insignificant in the face of momentous events . But in so doing , the movie reveals itself to be small and insignificant , too .
Featuring 22 characters in a movie leaves little time to explore their subplots , and since they 're played by A-list celebrities , we see the stars and not the characters .
A preachy , liberal-courting slog .
The characters are fictional but their hopes and dreams are real enough , and every role is well-acted , even by lightweights like Lohan and Kutcher .
In the film 's most prophetic bit of unintentional hilarity , Estevez literally walks off his own movie and passes the torch directly to Sirhan Sirhan for mop-up duty .
A powerful , poignant movie and its ending -- played over a long excerpt of one of RFK 's most compassionate speeches , voiced with none of the cliches of political rhetoric -- was , for me , the movie year 's single most devastating sequence .
All the actors get their Big Moments , but verisimilitude goes out the window .
Estevez has crafted an indelible portrait of a great man who , to many of us , is never thought of as anything but the brother of another dead Kennedy .
There are important movies and engrossing movies , but it 's not often that both terms apply to the same movie . Bobby , which opens Thursday , is a fictionalized account of the day Robert F. Kennedy was assassinated , and it 's one of the exceptions .
-LSB- S -RSB- ublime ... so simple and so luminously powerful , so beautifully capturing the emotions of a moment in time ...
Despite the clunkiness , Estevez 's commitment to his father 's generation 's idealism -LRB- and its murder -RRB- commands respect .
Estevez has made a vague gesture at a large , metaphoric structure without having the dramatic means to achieve it .
Bobby does do a solid job of telling one generation what the world was like in the summer of 1968 , and reminding another generation of a time when they believed a politician could change the world .
Estevez deftly weaves a stories of ordinary Americans into aglorious tapestry , activities and conversations occurring onthe day Bobby Kennedy was assassinated .
One of the year 's best pictures , an unforgettable motion picture experience with an outstanding cast that shines brightly right down to the smallest part .
This is more about killing time , than killing Kennedy .
Estevez wants to imply that Kennedy had something to give every American -LRB- Republicans , perhaps , excepted -RRB- , but too few of the people in this movie are brought fully enough to life for that to ring much more resonantly than a campaign slogan .
Estevez means well . But having your heart in the right place is no excuse for insipid ineptitude .
an excruciatingly slow , uninvolving , story of a bunch of imaginary people about which I cared not a whit ... a disappointing job of recreating the Cocoanut Grove ; how much could a couple of fake palm trees cost ?
Estevez has pulled together the best political drama , fiction or otherwise , in recent memory . Avoiding Oliver Stone-like conspiracy theories , he draws from Robert Altman 's playbook .
Bobby does n't get everything right but when Estevez allows his images and the reality of his characters do the talking , the film works with indelible cogency .
-LSB- Bobby 's -RSB- a sketchbook trying to pass as a tapestry .
As a reminder of a historical tragedy wrapped up in a pop movie so as to appeal to a later generation , I pat Estevez on the back . But , as disaster vessels go , this one 's sunk .
Emilio Estevez 's Bobby tests your patience to the breaking point -- maybe beyond .
The archival Kennedy clips aside , the excited radiance of these young characters ' faces -LRB- and many of them are just extras -RRB- may be the best thing about Bobby .
Despite its flaws , its intriguing premise leaves us haunted by thoughts of ` What if ? '
Emilio Estevez 's lament for the lost ideals of the '60s draws heavily from the Robert Altman playbook .
The best anyone can say about Bobby is that writer/director Emilio Estevez 's heart is in the right place .
It is a cross-section of America , and of the Screen Actor 's Guild .
Bobby , which reportedly is going to receive a huge push for the Oscars , is one of the year 's worst movies .
For all its flaws , Bobby is a heartfelt and undeniably relevant project .
A poignant and heart-rending drama about the hopes , dreams , anger , and righteous indignation of those who saw in Robert Kennedy a catalyst for justice , change , and peace in America .
Heck , for those like my parents and other Baby Boomers who came of age during this particular era Estevez 's wide-eyed opus will probably resonate like a tap on the shoulder from a beloved long-lost friend .
Poignant yet fragmented - with trivial , star-studded subplots - it unabashedly idealizes RFK , presenting him in an almost saintly light .
Star power alone pushes Bobby to a point where it 's a comfortable failure ,
Bobby wishes it were Robert Altman 's Nashville .
has so many storylines that it becomes near impossible to give a flip about any particular one .
With so many movies winking and aiming for clever , Bobby arrives sopping wet with nostalgia and earnestness .
A Crash-like roundelay of desperately manufactured bathos that covers the entire spectrum of miserable plotting and characterization .
An exercise in historical revisionism for folks who would rather be informed of breaking national crises through news feeds on All My Children .
Written and directed by Emilio Estevez , Bobby is like an American-history textbook marked with thick yellow highlighter wherever a parallel might be detected between the Vietnam era and the reign of Bush II .
It 's an ambitious film drenched in sincerity and oozing with nostalgia that , despite the energy provided by its title icon via archival footage , falls flat dramatically in nearly every other way .
Estevez probably could have cut the cast in half and come up with a richer , stronger film .
Everyone in this film is powerful .
With Bobby , Emilo Estevez tries to link the intimate stories of nearly two dozen characters to a large and consequential public event the assassination of Robert F. Kennedy .
Bobby coasts along on a dread , and sorrow , it does n't earn .
Esteves 's curious multi-strand film carries us to a quietly devastating conclusion .
Every frame is informed and fueled by Mr. Estevez 's impassioned mourning for a figure who came close to changing the course of American history . Bobby is exciting , involving and riveting .
Estevez means to eulogize the hopes of a nation , showing the night 's impact on a group of hotel guests and staff cross-sectioned by age , race , and class . But his movie ends up buried under its stifling good intentions and dire execution .
Estevez proves himself as a capable filmmaker by combining actual footage and speeches by Kennedy with new material to create something stirring and memorable .
In the movie business , there 's no such thing as ` truth in titling . ' If there was , Bobby would be called A Bunch of Boring , No-Name , Cookie-Cutter Characters .
Bobby has a spectacular cast , and Estevez has another twist there : well-known , famous actors play unexpected roles , try ` something different . '
Sprawling and fragmented , this multi-strand film comes together with a surprising punch in the end .
-LSB- Estevez 's -RSB- attempt to shoehorn what he sees as the grand themes of the period into a choppy , unsubtle and insubstantial script is embarrassing .
Brilliantly directed , superbly written and beautifully acted drama with an ensemble cast that would make even Robert Altman jealous .
The movie has no real story to speak of , just a series of barely connected vignettes over the 24-hour period before RFK 's demise , only some of which have anything to do with the ever-changing political climate of the early 1960s .
A Nashville wannabe without Robert Altman 's subtle wit , Bobby is an ambitious attempt by writer-director Emilio Estevez to capture a turbulent era through a single historic event .
Cloying , but at other times , quite emotional , especially when Estevez draws less-than-subtle parallels between 1968 and 2006 .
Inspired by Altman -LRB- Nashville , Short Cuts -RRB- and Hal Ashby -LRB- Shampoo -RRB- , Estevez 's honorable film is a Grand Hotel-style ensembler -LRB- 22 roles -RRB- set at LA 's Ambassador on the fateful night Robert Kennedy was assassinated -- and American idealism forever tarnished
Whether or not Bobby Kennedy was the man his supporters believed him to be , the film makes a persuasive case that something important in America was silenced when he was gunned down .
A passionate outcry for peace and justice in America that becomes deeply involving by the final climactic scene , overlaid with one of RFK 's most stirring speeches .










@highlight

Despite best intentions from director Emilio Estevez and his ensemble cast , they succumb to a script filled with pointless subplots and awkward moments working too hard to parallel contemporary times .