Despite attempts to turn the fairytale genre on its head , the characters are predictable stereotypes .
Clunkingly obvious .
Happily N'Ever After finally arrives , looking like a cheapo knock-off of DreamWorks ' ogre .
Shrek this ai n't . A lacklustre effort hampered by limp dialogue and lazy plotting .
The computerised animation is cut-rate ; the script keeps piling on clunker jokes that even toddlers will find lame ; and Prinze proves he is n't any better an actor in two dimensions than he is in three .
Deeply lame .
If you 're old enough to read this sentence , you should probably go see something else .
... lives up to the promise of it 's title
It ai n't Shrek , but it ai n't dreck .
I 'll happily never watch it again . .
No child deserves Happily N'Ever After .
The only real laughs are supplied by the Seven Dwarfs , who are portrayed as hillbilly garden gnomes .
Tolerable , but far from magical , `` Happily N'Ever After '' is just another one of what is becoming a genre : Lackluster CGI_animated films .
It is Shrek-Lite .
When played with stale jokey-jokes and lame one-liners , as it is here , it 's not funny at all .
The story ... is as arbitrary and pointless as the apostrophe in the second word of the title ...
Happily N'Ever After is more appropriate as DVD fodder .
Happily N'Ever After is a cutting edge contraction for Happily Not Ever After . It 's a shame other films were n't blessed with this hip foresight , otherwise we 'd have N'Another Teen Movie and The World is N'Enough .
The CGI animation is third-rate and unimaginative . The screenplay is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is ... In short , HAPPILYN ` EVER AFTER is a disappointment .
Call me rash , but I wager the worst flick of 2007 is Sarah Michelle Gellar 's latest clunker , Happily N'ever After .
There 's one great clue that the picture was not born in Hollywood : the heaving bosoms . Only the Germans would bestow such careful , pillowy attention to the bustline of the wicked stepmother and the flying witches .
This is n't unwatchable or boring . Not like Everyone 's Hero , Open Season or Over the Hedge . But it 's still so done .
Nothing much of any import or interest happens to get us to the end we predicted within the first two minutes , so if for some masochistic reason you do let your kid drag you to this , this would be a good time to catch a nap .
The wizard appears for two minutes at film 's start before he smartly abandons the movie . You 'll wish you had the good sense to walk out with him .
` Happily N'Ever After ' boasts lots of high-powered voice talent but not much charm or pizzazz .
Bring one of those clip-on reading lights and a good book .
N'ever was an apostrophe so misplaced , n'ever was the prospect of good cheer so perversely defeated .
In all , it 's a peculiar mishmash , simultaneously bland and suggestive .
A leaden , irritatingly obvious postmodern fairy tale .
Essentially a brash comedy taking one idea as far as it can go , Happily N'Ever After is spare on emotional development but generous with smart-aleck shtick .
` As Grimm as it gets , ' says the promotional tag for Happily N'Ever After . Make that grim .
The movie 's animators have been quoted saying they sought to give it a classic look . Cheesy would be more accurate .
Painfully devoid of charm , wit , and ingenuity , this interminable , tongue-in-cheek slough through Fairy Tale Land is so jaw-droppingly awful , the executors of the Brothers Grimm literary estate should consider taking legal action .
Happily N'Ever After is proof-positive that Europeans may have us beaten in soccer , wine and luxury cars , but they still ca n't make a decent 3-D cartoon .
-LSB- An -RSB- unfunny , trying-to-be-hip fairytale , with ugly CGI animation , a few bad songs , and Andy Dick and Patrick Warburton doing some of voices .
` I hate to tell you , but it gets worse , ' one character promises midway through Happily N'Ever After . No kidding .
While new times deserve new tales , this ground has already been trodden -- twice -- by a more memorable ogre than any you 'll find in Ella 's enchanted forest .
Originally conceived as a 2-D picture , Happily was retooled into a 3-D computer-animated film during production . Still , it still somehow feels a bit flat .
It may satisfy the under-6 crowd with its bright colors and talking animals . But it 's not much fun for the rest of the family .
If children will sit still for ` once upon a time ' in a book , why does it all have to be dumbed down -LRB- and turned up -RRB- for the screen ?
Scriptwriter Rob Moreland keeps the one-liners flowing , though , at best , they register no better than a tepid smirk on the humour thermometer .
Movie titles do n't get much more truthful .
-LSB- It 's -RSB- unhappily unsuccessful as either low-budget , time-filling kiddie fare or satire aimed at adults . Its lack of imagination extends to the computer-generated animation , which is as lacking in detail and style as the dialogue is in amusement .
As an animated film , it may share the bright palette of a Disney feature , but its computer animation lacks the polish and detail of a Pixar film .
The film aims for sassy but lands in soggy , the victim of lazy scripting and pacing .
Despite self-aware touches , this is another tired kidsploitation product in which a wasp-waisted ingénue and a shallow beau drive the plot and live happily ever .
Though there are one or two funny gags -LRB- like the Seven Dwarves as commandos -RRB- , the typographical flourish in the title is the most clever thing about Happily N'Ever After .
It would take some actual work to get absolutely EVERYTHING wrong , and that looks like it might be the case here .
-LSB- F -RSB- ails to rise even to the level of cute but silly : it 's just dumb .
Ella 's so blindly devoted to the Prince , and so convinced that he 's the one to save the day , that she seems just another swooning groupie rather than a worthy heroine .
The film is so self aware and pseudo hip that it 's incredibly annoying . It uses every cutesy `` hey look at me '' film class 101 trick , including bad narration from Freddie Prinze Jr. .
From the producers of the Shrek series comes this annoying Shrek ripoff , a wannabe fairytale spoof with no imagination .
This most recent po-mo take on fairy tale may be Shrek-lite , but it is just cute enough .
A movie that clearly is the B-level of animated fare , including B-level animation , B-level stars providing voices , B-level stories and B-level dialogue .
Limping into theaters at the least admirable time of year , the film is a disaster on a scale we may not have seen yet in this genre . That would make it a new low .
Not counting derivative , obnoxious , poorly animated , and woefully unfunny , what Happily is most of all is dull .
There is the requisite bathroom humor -LRB- though it 's mild -RRB- and a wan effort to be a bit edgy by updating the looks of Cinderella . But it takes more than a spiffy short haircut to make a character memorable .
All it lacks is wit , character and laughs .
A slick piece of computer animation that can be described as a family film only in the sense that it 's a film the whole family will want to avoid .
Putting a spin on classic fairy tales is nothing new , and unfortunately that 's just what the Shrek-lite animated feature Happily N'Ever After brings to the big screen .
The rich detail we 've come to expect in computer animation is largely absent , suggesting that the filmmakers intended a direct-to-video release for this cleverly written parody .
Dangerously close to scraping the bottom of the barrel when it comes to theatrically released animated movies .
Two words of advice : N'Ever mind .
Inexperienced youngsters will be content with Happily N'Ever After , but their parents will recognize a pale , B-movie variation of the far-superior Shrek films .
It 's at the point where if they ca n't find any fresh means of deconstructing or parodying fairy tales , they should n't bother at all .
Happily N'Ever After , with its pseudo-Shrekkeries , tries to be too many things -- and in too many styles and dimensions -- at the same time .
The rationale behind this unattractive animated comedy , a U.S.-German coproduction , seems to be that since it ca n't create a fairy-tale world of its own , it might as well riffle through many of the more familiar ones .
It would n't seem possible , but this is yet another fractured fairy tale in which the characters subvert their own genre in self-conscious , smart-alecky fashion .
Quantities of unimaginative CGI do nothing to perk up a barely sketched storyline . I spent the movie scratching my head over which audience the studio is hoping to profit from with this noisy rubbish . YouTubers ? Tots with ADD ?
In terms of lasting , satisfying flavor , Happily N'Ever After falls somewhere between cardboard and tofu .
Compared to the best movies of its kind -LRB- Shrek -RRB- , Happily N'Ever After is insipid . Compared to mediocre ones -LRB- Hoodwinked ! -RRB- , it 's not very good , either .
This movie is the worst kind of offender : it thinks its funny and clever , but it is neither . The filmmakers have mistaken banality for wit and silliness for humor , and that does n't begin to address how visually clunky this motion picture is .
The press notes boast that the total production time was only 15 months , ` unheard of for a first-class computer animated movie . ' Maybe there 's a reason why that 's unheard-of .
Happily N'Ever After exists to reward anyone who 's delighted in the destruction the Shrek franchise has waged against our fairy-tale memories .
Underwhelming .





@highlight

Happily N'Ever After has none of the moxy , edge , or postmodern wit of the other fairy-tales-gone-haywire CG movie it so blatantly rips off .