Miss Potter is too well crafted to actually be bad , but it 's too light to be better than good . An entertaining trifle , but a trifle nonetheless .
The movie is made to measure for mothers , aunts and grandmothers who would share Potter 's books , such as `` The Tale of Peter Rabbit , '' with tikes of any generation .
A Beatrix Potter biopic : So much more than just cute and fuzzy bunnies .
While it can not sustain the fairytale enchantment of something like Finding Neverland , Miss Potter is , nonetheless , a worthy and sweet , middle-of-the-road biopic .
There 's nothing inherently wrong with MISS POTTER . It 's just a throwback to the biopics of the 1930s and 40s and in some ways it may seem progressive to contemporary audiences .
Much like star Renée Zellweger 's portrayal of its famous title character , Miss Potter is a strange , split-personality kind of thing .
Portraying a real-life hero can be a tough assignment . But Zellweger breezes through the role , flashing her puckish grin , talking in her soft , breathy voice and giving very human face to one of the most beloved figures of English letters .
For fans of Potter 's work , `` Miss Potter '' is indispensable . But even viewers with the haziest memories of those unique little books will enjoy spending 90 minutes inside her idyllic world .
Director Chris Noonan -LRB- ` Babe ' -RRB- gives us a story with the right balance of humor , pathos and romance .
Deftly navigating the line between the sublime and the saccharine ...
A film of no little charm , Chris Noonan 's Miss Potter never quite gets out of ` Biopic Basic ' mode despite occasional murmurings of a desire to be something more .
Something of a muddle ... The level of social criticism and psychological portraiture shifts from Howard 's End to Mary Poppins .
Enchanting , perhaps , but a long , long way from meaningful .
Miss Potter is not a bad film , but it is a more tepid treatment than the facts of her life would seem to call for . Beatrix Potter deserves better .
It 's buttoned-up to a fault , as proper as clotted cream , and at times as exciting .
-LSB- Zellwegger 's and McGregor 's -RSB- performances bring great joy to this picture , which is slight but satisfying , like a favorite children 's book revisited as an adult .
Much as I admire this plucky child of privilege , who was 36 when she became a best-selling author in 1902 , I did n't find her life compelling in this version by screenwriter Richard Maltby Jr. and director Chris Noonan .
Even a third-act tragedy ca n't taint the picture 's perpetual cheeriness -- which works fine when Miss Potter functions as a wholesome family film and not so well when it strives for some measure of dramatic heft .
You have to love a movie in which a little white rabbit literally jumps off the page to excite a writer 's imagination , or winks at her to encourage her dreams .
Miss Potter is n't deep , but it is curiously endearing . Anyone who has ever been charmed by a Potter book will be equally charmed by this cinematic take on her life .
Miss Potter is as seamless , comfortable and tidy as a Peter Rabbit story , all scones and biscuits , quietly punctuated by tolerable naughtiness .
One of those films that commits few egregious errors , but scales few real heights . There is nothing either terribly wrong or keenly right about it . It 's tidy , I suppose .
Noonan 's depiction of Beatrix 's characters , brought to life with whimsical animation , is more lively than the rest of this prim , proper and rarely engaging movie .
If a sorcerer could raise Benjamin Bunny and Flopsy Rabbit from the pages of Potter 's books and transform them into human females , the creatures likely would favor Renee Zellweger .
The film offers scant insight into the forces that inspired Potter 's phenomenally successful career .
If the source material is soft , the film then takes another punch with the casting of Renée Zellweger in the title role . She overflows with tics and twitches that make the author seem vaguely deranged .
Zellweger and McGregor work well together , and have believable chemistry . In fact , the entire ensemble cast is terrific .
Like firelight , Miss Potter has a warm , golden glow .
With Miss Potter , Renee Zellweger has won back that precious thing that stardom rips away and the tabloids wo n't let you reclaim : her charm .
Noonan 's white-glove treatment is suitably proper and hits what seem to be all of the major markers in Potter 's life .
Evokes the emerging Victorian era bourgeois female imagination amid crushing containment and defiant awakening .
Unbearably , the script accommodates a quaking courtship between the slightly dotty Potter and her devoted young publisher , ho exchange romantic byplay such as , `` You and rabbits -- extraordinary ! '' and `` I recently remembered a story ... about a duck ! ''
Something that ca n't be quantified -- a lightness in tone , an air of enchantment -- infuses this drama .
Even the extremely simple ` Peter Rabbit ' has more going on than this .
Perhaps if Helen Mirren had played Beatrix Potter , audiences and award voters would be paying more attention to Miss Potter .
Do n't be surprised if you shed a little tear in Miss Potter . This enchanting biopic about the world of the creator of Peter Rabbit is warm and funny , revealing and moving .
A seriously disjointed biopic on Potter 's personal and professional life that desperately yearns to be another Finding Neverland but winds up as an anemic nothing of a film .
It 's so charming that it threatens to reduce Beatrix Potter to a series of fairy tale virtues . But it 's this focus that distinguishes the movie from tortured artist cliché .
Miss Potter is for moviegoers who are drawn more to the delightful than the destructive . It 's undeniably refreshing to see a PG-rated movie for adults done so well .
A grave disappointment .
a sweet-spirited , entertaining look at the life of Beatrix Potter , played here with a ` Mary Poppins ' - style prim puckishness by Renee Zellweger .
The thinness shows -- there is n't much of a story . Beatrix starts out as a feisty , idiosyncratic , talented gal and , save for a momentary lapse after a brush with tragedy , remains so right to the end of the bunny trail .
This is an earnest and rather sweet film , and one that will vanish from your mind as soon as the final credits roll . You could bring the children , who might like to know a little bit about the woman who created Peter Rabbit .
Miss Potter gives us only the bedtime version of the Beatrix Potter story , perhaps appropriately so given the subject matter and target audience , which will likely be captivated by the film 's undemanding narrative .
Renee Zellweger 's pretentious and unconvincing portrayal of Beatrix Potter does n't help much to endear the viewer to the artist .
The trailers slant this film as a family adventure despite the fact that it 's really more of a traditional live action love story with a dash of animation accents .
Audiences who come with a little patience and an open heart will find themselves moved by seeing Beatrix discover her strength and embrace the world .
Renée Zellweger can talk to imaginary rabbits every bit as well as James Stewart could .
Miss Potter , right to the end , is the definition of a nice movie , and that makes it a genuine oddball in a universe of increasingly distressed and uncivilized pop culture .
I found it slight but enchanting , which is not the same thing as slightly enchanting .
-LSB- Zellweger -RSB- brings a flinty steel to Potter , a woman with the faraway imagination of an overgrown child who simultaneously has ... enormous backbone ...
The story really grows on you and it 's very sweet and it 's beautiful to look at .
If the movie is respectful and factually informative , it 's also tightly corseted -- in dramatic terms .
It will certainly play well with older audiences and the kind of adolescent girls who draw faces in their O 's .
Feels more lightweight than it should and simultaneously not magical enough .
Period pieces tend to be stuffy , but Miss Potter rises above this problem by being the fuzzy teddy bear of the genre .
Beautiful , gentile , and oh-so-quaint , but utterly pointless and terminally boring . Zellweger 's performance is both strange and misguided .
The film 's wholesome , freshly scrubbed tedium suggests literary history drained of life and preserved in formaldehyde .
Watching this horrifically twee film is like having your face pushed into a bowl of pot-pourri for 90 minutes in a two-star B&B somewhere in Cumbria .
If you 've enjoyed any of Beatrix Potter 's books , you 'll immediately warm to seeing her beloved illustrations .
You keep waiting for another Beatrix to break out , to match the giddy passion shown by her bunnies or Amelia , but she does not .
The uncertain rhythms and stresses of the piece suggest that they did n't know whether they were making a romance , a biography or a bedtime story . Miss Potter is all three , of course . And all are very engaging -- and happily G-rated .
All-too-tasteful film , which is apparently aimed at mothers and daughters with far too much time on their hands .
This attractive , superficial stab at biography , with Renée Zellweger in the title role , is more concerned with a lonely woman 's quest for acceptance and love than with an author 's worldly achievements .
It 's a soft-focus picture of a woman who , surely , had a few more hard edges , but it 's a thoroughly pleasant escape to another world .
Was Potter really the way Renée Zellweger plays her here ? Let 's hope so . Dreamy , exquisitely sensitive and yet oddly focused , it 's a beautiful characterization .
There is something refreshingly outward-looking and un-divalike about Potter , or maybe it just seems that way after recent biopics about artists Virginia Woolf and Diane Arbus .
The photography is as pretty as a Potter watercolor . The style is as stiff as one of her own tiny hardbound books . Half an hour in , and you start looking about in vain for Farmer MacGregor 's shotgun .
The overall effect is a solid one-hour love story followed by a dramatized Wikipedia entry .
Known in the United States for her whimsical books , Potter was an ecological champion in the United Kingdom . The film touches on this , but mostly it 's a tender tale about yearning hearts and courageous idealism .
Despite Noonan 's balancing social friction and fantasy , Miss Potter entrances and delights throughout . It 's a beautifully made fairy tale with roots in reality , and all the more satisfying as a result .
Miss Potter is the first movie to be directed by Chris Noonan since Babe , and it has a similar intelligence and grace . Noonan uses the device of having the illustrated animals offer commentary judiciously .
The twee romance was too much for me .
Mostly , though , Miss Potter turns the solemn comedy of her books and illustrations into mere whimsy , animating Jemima Puddle-duck into cartoon life whenever Beatrix talks to her .
This film is the cinematic equivalent of a delicate English tea cake whose substance is buried under too many layers of icing .
Labors mightily to present world-famous children 's author Beatrix Potter as a preternaturally free spirit .
Zellweger gives what can best be called a pleasant performance . And ` pleasant ' is probably the best way to describe Potter 's books .
Succeeds on its performances , its sunny re-creation of London from 100 years ago and a winsome tone than matches Zellweger 's scrunchy face .
Miss Potter vividly paints the picture of an inspirational woman who created lovely childhood memories of bedtime stories ...
Has an infectious , light hearted feel to it that will keep you smiling throughout most of the movie , until it turns into every biopic you have seen before .
Although Zellweger strains a bit too hard at being eccentric , -LSB- Ewan -RSB- McGregor is entrancingly valorous playing opposite her .
A thoroughly pleasant experience .
A scenic , well-behaved account of Potter 's life and times .
Ultimately , we 're won over by Beatrix 's story . Hers was , as Richard Griffiths says of Thomas Hardy in The History Boys , ` a saddish life , but not an unappreciated one . ' Even more appreciated now , thanks to this honest , unassuming little film .
A bit paint-by-numbers , not to torture a pun out of all this , but when the story of Beatrix Potter , spinster book author and happenstance feminist , eventually does take shape , it is an emotionally and even politically potent story .
The film 's spirit is n't terribly playful , and any real conflict is buried deeper than Peter Rabbit 's carrots .
This is an odd film in many ways , but the romantic scenes work brilliantly , thanks to McGregor 's genuinely charming performance .
Its old-fashioned sincerity ultimately proves disarming . Sweet but not cloying , it 's a heartening portrait of goodness surmounting the odds .
Rather like its subject 's books -- pretty to look at , sweet without being syrupy and cute without being cloying , but rather thin .
Pitched awkwardly -- neither for children nor cool young adults -- it 's very sweet , very nice and just the thing for a girlie matinée with mum and nan .
Considering Beatrix in her heart of hearts wanted people to just sit back and enjoy themselves while reading her books it seems to me that a film about her life doing the same would be perfectly apropos .
The film is a guaranteed tearjerker , but more than that , an uplifting tribute to a single woman 's quest for independence that would surely make Bridget Jones blush .
About halfway through the film , however , it becomes obvious that Miss Potter is lacking a key element of good drama : conflict .
Criticizing such a gentle film too vigorously would be like giving Peter Rabbit or Tom Kitten a swift kick in the nose .
It is a lovely film for the holiday season , as well as afterward , and is reminiscent of Finding Neverland , without the darker undercurrents . Zellweger does a fine job of fleshing out the plucky character despite the occasional simper .
The love story is beautifully constructed . There 's some sentimentality here , but -LSB- director Chris -RSB- Noonan is careful not to take it too far and to avoid overplaying the audience 's emotional chords .
Take the trouble to find this film . It 's worth it , if only to reacquaint oneself with the magic that flowed from the pen of Beatrix Potter , or to once again experience the easy rapport between Zellweger and McGregor .
The movie is redeemed by excellent performances . McGregor , in particular , lights up the film , and in her scenes with him , when she is not forced to interact with watercolor rabbits , Zellweger seems to wake up from a long , cranky nap .
Zellweger 's playfulness works well opposite the winning McGregor , and I suppose for some people , she 's the first person you 'd call when you need a plucky heroine .
As with any good story , there are ups and downs and some rather dramatic emotional shifts in Miss Potter that do n't always hew to one 's wants or expectations . But it 's ever a gentle and rewarding ride , safely guided throughout .
The movie pulls off a neat trick , using animation to show how , when Potter is alone with her animal creations , they leap around on the page or wink at her with unapologetic cheekiness . They 're alive , and they 're in charge .
The charm of this picture is the way it captures the world of manners of turn-of-20th century London with captivating performances by Zellweger and McGregor .
A lush and perfectly produced period piece that , if not increasing our pulse rate , at least provides viewing the whole family will enjoy .
Miss Potter is not a motion picture for cynics . If you walk into this film expecting the grit of reality or a complex portrait of literary artistry at work , it 's your own damn fault .
The innoncence and idealism inherent here is so apparent that it feels Scrooge-like to think any less of it for not daring to climb to higher cinematically artistic aspirations .
Missing that childlike love for nature and animals that Beatrix must have had , and in turn , forgets what it 's like to have an imagination .
Beatrix Potter led an unusual life and left a diverse legacy , but ... a weird concentration on latent lesbianism is misplaced and distracts from the central story .
Blackness may have lurked within the Potter heart , but you 'd never know it from Miss Potter , which shifts the burden of ill humor onto the authoress 's petit-bourgeois mother .
Charming and whimsical , it offers a glimpse into the life of a literary icon .
A delightful and enchanting biopicture about the famous children 's book writer and illustrator whose love of the English Lake District made for a dramatic legacy .
Makes you glad you live when you do .
Zellweger 's face has utterly frozen into a human version of a scrunchie , and appears as if it will shatter into 1,000 pieces if an honest smile were to break out .
Starts badly and ends badly , but a good , solid hour in the middle is as charming as anything you 'll see this holiday season .
Unfortunately , much of the pic suggests a quality family film that could have been directed by dozens of other pros .
This innocuously sweet fable , Chris Noonan 's first feature since Babe , is neither illuminating as a biopicture of author Beatrix Potter nor enchanting as a fairytale in the manner of Finding Neverland , but it 's perfectly watchable .
Tepid biopic of children 's book author Beatrix Potter .
A straight-laced fairy tale-style biopic appropriate to the audience for which its message of inspiration is finely attuned .
It 's worthy and beautifully produced , but it feels like a fantasy rather than the truth .
A Charlotte 's Web for adults . Pure delight .
A perky style reminiscent of second-rate Jane Austen ... a parable of female empowerment and class strife swathed in bustles and British witticisms .
... An honorable and curiously winning film .







@highlight

A charming biopic that maintains its sweetness even in sadder moments .