Prison drama breaks all the rules - and wins .
By keeping the focus on the humanity , Rupert Wyatt makes a strong debut as a writer/director here , and his film 's got a great sense of low-budget style .
The two narrative tracks only really come together at the end , and meanwhile we have to work a bit too hard to keep track of it all .
A fractured , stylish and tense affair built around a band of great performances .
This is a rather curious film , admirable in some ways but also strangely frustrating .
A combination of a superb score and amazing performances make this a genre defying prison break film .
The filmmakers succumb to the temptation of trying to have their escape movie cake and eat the psychological drama , too
Brilliant or obscure ? Engaging or pretentious ? Intense performances , artistic cinematography , ambitious editing and eclectic music are the filmic elements , but obtuse storytelling with almost incomprehensible dialogue completes the picture
I hate criticising someone for ambition but The Escapist is a victory of ambition over dramatic achievement .
An old-fashioned prison breakout yarn and a tight little package of sharp acting , cloying atmosphere and narrative misdirection .
It 's swifter , grittier , and louder than the typical escape movie , but it still falls firmly within the tradition of underground breakouts . Its contrapuntal timelines are twisted into a surprisingly elegant first feature .
The movie was written specifically for Brian Cox , and it 's a great fit .
This is down and dirty and raw .
How much you enjoy this prison drama will depend on your reaction to its fractured , flashback-laced structure . Oh , for the simple , straightforward days of The Big House !
There 's an intriguing twist to this puzzling escape-from-prison drama , as Brian Cox 's convincing performance propels the flasbback/flashforward suspense .
A rousing film packed with solid performances and relentless suspense that brilliantly reinvigorates the genre of prison escape thrillers .
Cox is a master of understatement , of using his gloomy eyes , his lined face and the intensity of feeling in a simple gaze or gesture to suggest the full measure of a man .
The splintered viewpoints help with the monotony , but from the taunting of new inmates to the cell-block sadist , we 've gone through all this before , right down to the final twists .
Too much of this movie about prison feels only like a movie about prison , with actors posing and directors getting poetic .
It 's simply an experiment in throwing a familiar premise into a blender and seeing how it looks once it 's all chopped up .
A customarily fine performance by Brian Cox and a well-oiled supporting cast are not enough to lift this brutal and listless prison melodrama out of the ranks of '40s B movie .
Shapes a standard prison-break drama into a metaphysical study of freedom and reparation .
Director Rupert Wyatt and his co-writer Daniel Hardy have neatly trimmed the fat from this story -- there 's almost no character , incident or visual cue that does n't somehow enhance the plot or set up a surprise or key revelation later on .
The prison escape movie -- a tired genre -- gets some fresh energy in The Escapist , a compelling , carefully written and totally gripping film from the U.K. that is acted with naturalism and conviction by a smashing cast .
Neither more nor less than a solid prison-break thriller .
A taut thriller that ends on a note of unexpected grace , the British prison drama The Escapist marks the impressive feature debut for director/co-writer Rupert Wyatt .
Taut , full of soul but with no sentimentality ... the tension is ingrained in the story and the performance by Brian Cox .
O bom elenco é desperdiçado por um roteiro que se julga mais inteligente do que é na verdade e por uma direção que acredita imprimir originalidade à narrativa quando , na realidade , está apenas seguindo as batidas convenções do gênero .
Director/co-writer Rupert Wyatt deconstructs the typical prison escape story form to dramatically successful effect with the help of a strong ensemble cast .
Wyatt and his superb cast pull it together in the movie 's boldly-imagined final act that justifies the movie 's sometimes elusive form and turns it into something a cut above the rest .
The Escapist wrings jagged tension out of a fractured timeline .
About as plausible as platform 9 3/4 for the Hogwarts Express .
Enjoyable thriller with strong performances and some suspenseful sequences , though the ending is likely to provoke mixed reactions .
At last , a British crime movie that 's as good as its pitch sounds : Brian Cox trying to break out of prison . Do you need to know any more to want to see it ?
There 's a strong sense of style to this prison-break thriller , plus a few strongly sympathetic characters and some nifty twists
Here , the visceral , the intellectual and the spiritual all come together , elevating The Escapist beyond merely escapist entertainment , and offering something that any viewer can dig .
The Escapist is a film worth seeking out , for both its fresh re-invention of the prison film genre and the absolute clinic on acting put on by Brian Cox and the rest of the actors in the film -LRB- not a weak link among them -RRB- .
Those looking for an innovative new take on the prison genre should be pleased with the latest from this talented filmmaker .
-LSB- Star Brian -RSB- Cox calmly registers ranges of steely determination , fatherly care and regret-filled sadness with great authority .
All of this mayhem keeps us watching , but it would be hard to describe the experience as pleasurable .




@highlight

A tense , smart prison break movie , The Escapist is a sharp debut from director Rupert Wyatt .