This is a spooky and brilliant film that forces the viewer not simply to feel , like so many big crowdpleasers , but to think .
A noteworthy lead performance by Oscar Isaac .
The New York winter has never looked more frosty or hostile , and yet the gorgeous compositions and the plentiful offbeat humour keep the depression ultimately at bay .
Generously laced with dark humour and part-melancholic , Inside Llewyn Davis is full of clever Coen-isms and the film 's soundtrack too is wonderful . This one makes for some compelling viewing .
Inside Llewyn Davis proves the Coens to be the most Kubrickian of contemporary filmmakers-that is , if you consider Kubrick to be funny .
Funny and poignant in equal measure with a wonderful central performance from the as yet unknown Oscar Isaac .
... the pretentiousness is overwhelming , which is unfortunate because the outline has potential to be a great Coen brothers film but ultimately becomes weighed down by its own emotions .
The direction is pitch-perfect ; the characters unique and eccentric yet fully realised and the script , woven with absurdist comedy , a marvel
While we may feel moved by the music , there 's a dark undercurrent in it , too .
It 's a bleak tale of a less-than-loveable loser . But the combined effect of songs , lead performance and period detail make it one of the best , most heartfelt Coen movies yet .
This is the Coens in bittersweet mode , a little oblique , a little downbeat , and a little offbeat .
The film is vintage Coen Brothers : quietly funny , a bit arch , and beautifully shot .
They beautifully and convincingly recreate the streets and coffee shops where he dwells , and seem intoxicated with the look and feel of those surroundings .
If failure and folly are this noble and touching , we 're on Davis ' side , even as the last chord is struck and the song is sung .
The brothers Coen and their cast reward us with unexpected riches from a place now long gone , faded like a minor chord on a battered guitar .
Joel and Ethan Coen have made some indelible films to date , but `` Inside Llewyn Davis '' is their most accomplished work yet . In short , it 's a masterpiece .
Inside Llewyn Davis is a darkly funny film that recreates the texture of the Greenwich Village folk scene in 1961 , and for those of us who love the Coens ' meandering storytelling style , it 's a masterpiece .
The Coens convey with great precision the kind of maddening details that consume the lives of people who are down and out , and create relentless chains of small , dark comic incidents leading to potentially dire consequences .
an exceedingly well detailed , but emotionally bereft recreation of a bygone era
Isaac 's folk-singing Llewyn Davis may be an arrogant loser and the butt of a cosmic joke but he 's something more than a cartoon . So is the movie ...
Still , after enjoying nearly three decades of enormous critical and commercial goodwill , the Coens come off as completely disingenuous when they explicate the struggles of an artist largely by blaming the system .
As always , the Coens get the external details precisely right .
My favorite movie in years .
It may be the Coen Brothers playing well inside their comfort zone , but what a fine and thoughtful comfort zone it is .
`` Inside Llewyn Davis '' is one of the best pictures of the year , plain and simple . It 's the Coen Brothers finest film since `` Fargo . ''
A perfectly realized period piece , so gorgeously shot it looks almost painterly but it 's so god-awful grim and ... so tightly focused on such a disagreeable character that I greeted its fade out as the equivalent of the end of a migraine headache .
An underlying sadness gives the film some weight balanced by moments of farce . For Coen fans , it 's ca n't - miss .
Near-comedy , near-tragedy , `` Inside Llewyn Davis '' is close to great , and in its extremely concrete yet endlessly elusive form , close to perfection .
A beautiful , unassuming , rewarding ache of a movie .
This film 's re-creation of 1961 New York feels totally convincing in its shabby , run-down glory and the sense of having a real window back into the past is n't something to be underestimated .
Llewyn 's tragedy is the Coens ' stroke of genius .
It 's not their best-in fact , it hardly even feels like a Coen brothers movie at all-but its majestic musical numbers and fantastic performances elevate this well above the humdrum lesser filmmakers churn out .
Where O Brother 's picaresque was all sepia , bluegrass , hayseed slapstick and family reunion , this film offers a stringent voyage of overcast skies , melancholy folk , soured relationships and no direction home .
Musically and visually , Inside Llewyn Davis offers plenty of frictionless pleasures to compensate for the prickly scrappiness of its hero .
The Coens can be so good when they just get over themselves .
A fascinating look at depression , artistry and the struggle of everyone to find a place .
Deftly observed , touchingly melancholy and slyly funny .
The Coen 's offbeat sensibility and predilection for leftfield characters is a perfect fit for the world they 've chosen to explore .
The music choices alone will ensure this haunting , beautifully detailed film will live a long and lasting life .
Certainly you miss much on first viewing , but so far even a second sitting has n't quite changed my admiration -LRB- great as it is -RRB- to affection .
Hilarious in the Coens ' weird , askew way , but also absolutely crushing . This movie breaks my heart in a hundred different ways .
It 's typically Coen ; wit and pathos in equal measure , glazed with colourful characters and pitch-perfect performances , with a soundtrack that perfectly captures the setting .
This blackly comic character study set in the hotbed of New York 's early-60s folk scene fails because there 's zero character development .
All this might get tiresome in the hands of anyone but the Coen brothers , who based the story on the memoirs of the singer-songwriter Dave Van Ronk .
It is confident and self-congratulatory in its ability to evoke unease or melancholia or claustrophobia in a single cut or composition or camera angle .
Inside Llewyn Davis is a Coen brothers charmer about . . . almost absolutely nothing you could pin down as a substantive subject . That is its charm ...
A bold and tantalising performance by Isaac who defies the actor 's instinct to let us inside ...
Isaac , a talented musician in his own right , inhabits the role so fully and believably you expect Davis to pop out of the screen cap in hand for a few pennies after a song .
Cold exteriors and warm interiors combine in the Coen brothers ' rhapsodic portrait of a '60s folk singer .
Brilliantly directed , superbly written and featuring both a wonderful soundtrack and a terrific lead performance from Oscar Isaac , this is a bittersweet , melancholy-tinged drama from the Coen Brothers that plays like a folk music version of Barton Fink .
I was somewhat bewildered on leaving the cinema but Inside Llewyn Davis is a film that has stuck with me .
Like Llewyn , the film drifts a bit , moving episodically from song to song . Fortunately , these musical setpieces are often the highlights of the film .
Beautiful , heartfelt and utterly enthralling .
Beguiling , beautiful , funny and sad , the film is like a luminous time travel ride , taking us deep into the hipster heart of New York 's Greenwich Village , circa 1961 , in the middle of the flowering folk music scene .
The film has a frustrating , neither-here-nor-there quality .
Inside Llewyn Davis is a movie you chew over days after seeing it .
The film 's towering achievement is that it cuts through the haze of nostalgia while celebrating what made a certain place at a certain time special .
A masterly Coen screenplay - up there with A Serious Man and The Man Who Was n't There for its portrayal of male neuroses and failure .
A character study of a guy who sabotages himself at every turn , along with one of the best soundtracks this year , ` Inside Llewyn Davis ' is another superb Coen Brothers film .
I felt affection . I felt sympathy . I felt finally the Coen brothers had a hero they loved , and I in turn have grown to love him too .
Definitive for any artist whose drive to persevere demands a wanton disregard for practical sense
Incisive , irresistible and often very funny , Inside Llewyn Davis also proves itself to be a poignant and quietly profound meditation on what it means to be an artist .
A flawless piece of classic Coen brothers cinema , exquisitely timed and told by all . Quite possibly their finest work yet .
The unreliable , brooding Llewyn is a prickly sort , making it a challenge for his industry - and movie audiences - to fully embrace him . And yet , the talent is undeniable .
The best film of 2013 . ... As with many works from great filmmakers , how much you invest in the movie may determine how much you derive from it .
The Coen brothers have composed something special with their anti-hero story of a young muso on whom fate has slammed the door . The surprising thing is that despite this apparently bleak theme , the Coens craft something unique , warm and big hearte
The wonderful thing about a Coen Brothers film is the fact that you are never sure exactly what you are going to get . One thing is for sure , you will always get more than you 've bargained for
Flawed , multi-dimensional characters are a Coen brothers specialty . You 'll like none of them but will love the movie and the music .
Every scene in Inside Llewyn Davis is a sumptuous delicacy of dialogue , performance , setting and scintillating subtext .
... a meditation on authenticity , the mystery of creation and the mischief that is made in the lands between art and commerce
It steers away from any kind of sentimentality , so any time serious discussion of success or failure - either commercially or artistically - come up , they are torpedoed like some kind of sick joke . That itself carries a special kind of poignancy .
Inside Llewyn Davis hits a few sour notes , but overall it 's a successful emotional composition told in very simplistic terms .
Like many of the Coens ' films , this one has a dark whimsy to it , peculiar and funny but run through with deep melancholy .
Oscar Isaac plays the title character ... and his performance bleeds with strained empathy and mysterious reserve .
`` Davis '' may be the saddest comedy you ever see , or the funniest drama . In other words , this is a Coen Brothers movie , odd and endearing , and one of their best .
An often heartbreaking look at the way that even the most talented artists can end up with nothing but thwarted dreams .
Llewyn is a beautiful loser , the everyman artist who contributes to the evolution of music and helps set the stage for a Dylan but never reaps the final reward , punched out by a world ready to swoop in on his scene and leave him behind .
A fascinating cultural period and approached with great authenticity .
A brilliant and very thoughtful drama comedy about the artistic condition .
Davis a Tribute to Art for Art 's Sake
Sharply written and filmed with the Coen 's usual sharp eye for detail .
An exceptionally warm , very personal thank-you note to the perennial corner of Bleecker and MacDougal and all kids with guitars .
Mythic tale of artistic rejection in the 1960s folk scene
A deliciously bitter pill from the Coen brothers
High-end entertainment for those of us with college degrees . But it is more than just jaded .
Of all the things Inside Llewyn Davis is about-some of which reveal themselves more with each viewing-to me , at its heart , it 's a story about grief .
From the ground floor of the American folk movement Joel and Ethan Coen tap into the ultimate tale of the man that never was . A masterfully told story and a transcendent piece of filmmaking .
Llewyn Davis , entertaining and witty as all Coen productions quite naturally are , teaches us about the devotion one must have to their art if they intend it to survive them .
A cold , cruel wind cuts through every frame of this brilliant , mysterious and lyrical black comedy .
This is one of the finest works by -- let 's just call it -- the most consistently innovative , versatile and thrilling American filmmakers of the last quarter-century .
For anyone who can feel its genuine grasp of its subjects , its music and its times in its deep , dig-it grooves , this cinematic sonnet to a struggling '60s singer might just become a greatest hit .
... an almost prototypically uneven effort from the Coen brothers .
Echoes of past successes in creating the scary netherworld of the common unconscious fade as Llewyn Davis and the other characters in this movie fail to come alive .
The music , supervised by Marcus Mumford and T Bone Burnett , is uniformly elegant and moving .
Another dark and interesting film from the Coen brothers .
This is one of the strangest yet most satisfying movie experiences of the year , one of those films in which you ca n't really appreciate what you 've seen until it 's over . You just have to trust that the trip is worth the trouble . And it is .
Oscar Isaac delivers a rich , engrossing performance .
We have come to expect excellence from the Coen brothers and there films . They fulfill this expectation and come up with one of the best movies of the year .
Who is this movie for ? Manic depressives who love folk music ? Avoid this movie if the holiday season already upsets you . Well made and acted but relentlessly melancholy .
The broad , black humor of the Coens ' early features has ripened over the years into a sadder , more philosophical brand of comedy -LRB- A Serious Man -RRB- that puts them in a class with Billy Wilder and Ernst Lubitsch -LRB- yeah , you heard me -RRB- .
Yes , there was a time when folk music was cool - the artists considered themselves direct conduits to the roiling , engaging psychology of the nation .
The Coens ... rein in their wilder , wackier impulses here . Inside Llewyn Davis mopes its way through bogs of bitter irony and murky misfortune ,
Another soulful , perfectly observed jewel from the Ooens .
The Coen brothers have crafted another unique period piece .
` Hang me , oh hang me , ' warbles Llewyn Davis at the start of this movie filled with gallows humor ; its mystical looping structure reminded me of the most famous American short story about a hanging , Ambrose Bierce 's ` An Occurrence at Owl Creek Bridge . '
Whoever watches Inside Llewyn Davis will probably leave with a sense that while some artists are bound for glory , most are not , and not even being good -- or even great -- can be enough to get what you want , provided you know what that is .
Celebrating and mourning a bygone moment , `` Inside Llewyn Davis '' is a tuneful wake intended to arouse us from our slumber to desires worth remembering .
Perfectly captures the slings and arrows of being an artist who never learns to get out of his own way .
A watchable if not particularily compelling tale of the never-ending woes of the protagonist , a walking basket case of self-destruction . The Coens are trying to say what ?
Even if it 's an especially bleak Coen brothers film , `` Inside Llewyn Davis '' is a great example of their particular cinematic gifts .
A brilliant portrait of the artist as a failed man .
With a good character , a cat , and a few choice folk songs , the Coens have created one of the more authentic portraits of the torment , joy and anxiety of an artist 's life .
Another overhyped , award-winning film that the average moviegoer will never see or hear about beyond 2013 .
As tasty as Welsh Rarebit .
Llewyn 's misadventures , some funny some not , provide the meat in this thoroughly enjoyable film .
I love the performance of Oscar Isaacs . I think he 's really incredible in this .
`` Inside Llewyn Davis '' is precisely crafted , but ultimately cold and while it 's easy to admire , it 's hard to love - sort of like a Dutch oil painting .
A poignant and thoughtful character study of a drifting folk singer trying to succeed in New York in 1961 .
You do n't end up rooting for Llewyn Davis because there 's not much to root for . And this imparts a weird sort of impersonality or cold-bloodedness to the film 's core .
In the end you feel Llewyn 's pain even as you realize he is a pain . Llewyn Davis is nobody you 'd want to be inside .
Inside Llewyn Davis plays like some beautiful , foreboding , darkly funny dream .
Captures its time , place and tone so well some viewers may feel they 've stepped into a time machine .
A great reminder why Joel and Ethan Coen are such brilliant filmmakers . I just wish the Coens did n't blow it with an ending that is too cute by half .
It 's some sort of cosmic joke on Llewyn , who must be constantly reminded that he likely will only do any good for himself if he actually lets another person into his life .
This is easily the Coen Brothers worst film ! But , that 's just how great their other films are . I still liked it , and I 'm sure I will enjoy it more with repeat viewings .
Oscar Isaac gives the best performance of the year as the title character in the most intimate and profound movie yet from the Coen brothers .
Imbued with a surly magnetism by Isaac , Llewyn is quick witted and shows a way with a song . The film surrounding him ably mixes dark humor , period authenticity and polished yet heartfelt musical performances .
Filled with the usual sort of quirky material the Coen Brothers often infuse into their works , along with terrific cinematography , this latest offering is more than easy enough to sit through . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
This is a remarkably accomplished film .
`` Inside Llewyn Davis '' is a transporting cinematic experience with a churl at its center , and how you feel about the movie may depend on how you feel about the churl .
This soulful , unabashedly lyrical film is best enjoyed by sinking into it like a sweet , sad dream . When you wake up , a mythical place and time will have disappeared forever . But you 'll know that attention - briefly , beautifully - has been paid .
If it were n't for a single forced , cheap scatological gag , I 'd call this the Coens ' most nearly perfect film .
The versatile Isaac studied guitar , was in a band and has had small film and TV roles . But here he takes a great leap forward in a way Llewyn Davis is never able to achieve .
Isaac , who also shared the screen with Mulligan in `` Drive , '' may remind some moviegoers of the young Al Pacino . And like Pacino , he has a gift for being appealing even when he 's unpleasant .
When the Coen brothers commit to something , there 's no half-stepping . Every street corner bristles with authenticity . Every song lands exactly where and how it should .
It 's another of the Coens ' idiosyncratic , wryly amusing character studies .
It 's both fresh and familiar , comedy and tragedy , straightforward narrative and think-piece parable . It 's also one of the best films of the year .
Get this movie into your face !
Inside Llewyn Davis is one of the Coens ' smallest movies - this one does n't have the broad appeal of True Grit or No Country For Old Men - but like Llewyn 's music , it comes from the heart and is deeply felt . It is also one of their best .
The Coens do n't always require , or even seem to value , plot Fortunately , Inside Llewyn Davis , with its great writing and music , does n't need much of one .
The whims of fate and vagaries of artistic success have never been so clearly defined , or so musically .
A tonal tightrope act by the Coens that is comedy , drama , musical , and something completely new at the same time . It 's a must-see in every way .
Finds richness in repetition .
What makes the film work as much as it does are two things : Oscar Isaac and the soulful soundtrack , with the two forming a near perfect synthesis of sight and sound .
An unforced , low-key drama , its story one that is more episodic than conventionally plotted . Not a lot is accomplished or resolved , and yet that is one of Ethan and Joel Coen 's overriding messages .
It 's about a sensitive , confused young man in desperate pain , negotiating an identity crisis during an important moment in American cultural history .
Quirk and harmony only take the feature so far , keeping the movie inert and repetitive as it meanders to a close , leaving behind a half-realized psychological profile and a bustling world of talent left unexplored .
Leave it to the Coen Bros. to create something sufficiently intriguing out of something so simple .
It never becomes more than one scene , followed by the next , and then another . Yet those scenes are easy to watch , and they have the Coens ' signature humor .
Inside Llewyn Davis is n't cuddly , but it 's loaded with soul . And it 's one memorably harrowing look at an artist pushed to the point of oblivion by scorn , misfortune and the iron hand of the market .
Sharing in Llewyn 's struggle is more than worth the accompanying sorrow .
As flawless as any film this year and rock-solid confirmation that Joel and Ethan Coen are the greatest filmmakers working in America -LRB- and perhaps anywhere else -RRB- today .
It works as a character study and as an illustration of how tough the music business is , and was . While there are some good songs in the film , the music does n't represent the scope of folk music of that era very well .
Some quibbles . But it 's well worth seeing .
'' ... the work of now-successful artists who have made it through to the other side with their integrity intact . ''
what it means to be an artist in a world that does n't value them
There 's not much of a plot to speak of , just a piercing , evocative sense of a time and place and the characters contained within it .
It 's a well pedigreed and quirkily tailored film that will likely find its fair share of devoted fans . That said , a slight warning for those eager to run out to their local indie haus after work tonight : The movie 's a total downer .
The sad-funny story of a stubborn , talented Greenwich Village folk singer becomes a stunning , tragicomic paradigm of an artist 's struggle in America .
Llewyn Davis inhabits this world that 's fulfilling only in these fleeting moments , where freedom and uncertainty and beauty and heartbreak are all wrapped up with one another . His only reward is the songs , which is why they 're so good .
The Coen brothers have a wry twinkle in their eyes as they take us on a lyrical journey with a hugely likeable musician for whom success is only barely out of reach .
While it 's not an outright comedy , the Coens display a sharp and acerbic sense of humor along with a visually striking re-creation of time and place .
Writer/directors Joel and Ethan Coen have made a bookend to their masterpiece `` A Serious Man '' with this circular study of a man spiraling into the forgotten life of an also-ran , this time his own refusal to sell out trumping God 's interference .
-LSB- Oliver Isaac 's -RSB- is a truly magnificent performance , among the best that the Coens have ever featured in a film .
An acquired taste - the story does meander - but for aficionados of Coen Bros. movies and of folk music itself the movie is a must .
The film is a work of deceptive refrigeration . The character lacks the same sentiment and warmth as the men who created him .
If you love the Coen Brothers , do n't see this movie . You do not want to go inside Llewyn Davis .
I 'd say that Inside Llewyn Davis is one of the Coen brothers ' best films , but most of their films are one of their best films .
Whether Davis ever makes it to the top of the burgeoning folk scene in the 1960 's is beside the point : he gave us a great show along the way .
Another Coen Bros marvel ; uncovnentional storytelling , conflicted characters and endings that go against what the audience would perceive as a neat ribbon to the tale we just witnessed .
Llewyn Davis is part of a long line of unlucky Coen characters ... and while it feels , to be sure , like a theme , it also feels a little threadbare and worn at this point .
Manhattan '61 revisited !
Pitch-perfect tribute to a moment and place at cusp of cultural change from POV of one stubborn man doomed to be passed by ... brought to life by the charismatic Oscar Isaac .
Ultimately , it seems more grounded , deeper , and more touching than anything the Coens have done in a while .
Brings back a clear atmospheric recollection of that 1961 Village folk scene .
This is n't a rags-to-riches story . There 's no great moment of catharsis . In fact , the filmmakers openly flout mainstream expectations when they show a certain highway sign then proceed to ignore the location shown on it .
Yet another home run for a pair of filmmakers who have proven incapable of striking a false note for four movies now .
A mundane look at the life of a folk musician that doubles as a meditation on the unpredictable alchemy of stardom , Inside Llewyn Davis is another triumph for the Coens that remarkably underscores how elusive great artistic achievements can be .
You have to admire Joel and Ethan Coen 's ability to put a personal stamp on everything they do .
Nearly pitch-perfect drama OK for older-teen music fans .
A joyless , misanthropic 105 minutes worth of `` comedy '' that rates as Coen brothers at their worst . How one can take such a marvelous period and turn it into a voyage into hell is an imponderable mystery to this critic .
With its disquieting finale and clear-eyed appraisal of human failing and weakness , Inside Llewyn Davis feels much more like their genuine follow-up to A Serious Man .
Llike almost all of their films , the Coens ' new movie has a great and playful sense of incident , cramming in characters and anecdotes that obviously amuse the brothers without serving any specific narrative purpose - yet make the narrative all the richer .
A masterpiece centered on disappointment and inadequacy , epitomized by an artist struggling to build a career in a world that values commercialism over authenticity .
Inside Llewyn Davis is unlike anything the directors have made and is a phenomenal piece of art .
The Coens appear to be back in ` Barton Fink ' mode , setting up a straw man whose creative arrogance ensures that he wo n't see a moment 's happiness from his work .
Admirable in its parts . But as Coen brothers movies go , kind of minor .
`` Inside Llewyn Davis '' is the most satisfyingly diabolical cinematic structure that the Coens have ever contrived , and that 's just one reason that I suspect it may be their best movie yet .
Maybe the first Coen Bros. film that seems to settle into sampler territory . But it sure sticks with you .
The Coens have created a film that is wholly original and highly entertaining .
-LSB- Davis -RSB- does n't seem to possess the inner life that an artist has to bring to the surface .
In top form , Joel and Ethan Coen offer up feel-bad experiences that , like fine blues medleys , make you feel good -LRB- although with an acidulous aftertaste -RRB- . Inside Llewyn Davis is one of their best .
In addition to everything else , `` Inside Llewyn Davis '' is very much a roman à clef about those early folk years , with many of its characters inspired by real people the Coens reconstitute after viewing them through their very particular lens .
Although the movie is a fairly bittersweet portrait of personal failure -LRB- a running theme in the Coens ' repertoire -RRB- , it 's not without their trademark wit and humor .
If you love the Coens , or follow folk music , or hold fast to this period of history and that patch of New York , then the film can hardly help striking a chord .
`` Inside Llewyn Davis '' is one of the Coens ' richest , strangest and most potent films .
The Coen brothers ' latest is one of their best , a bittersweet rumination on creative ambition and youthful dreams .
For all its grim pessimism , Inside Llewyn Davis is almost romantic in its way . It 's an enigmatic parable about ambition and failure , about the loneliness and insecurity of trying to live as an artist .
The brothers challenge their audience to find the vanishingly fine line between nervous laughter at Llewyn 's relatable human foibles and schadenfreude over the notion that his defeats represent a morally just comeuppance ...
The struggling quest of a folk singer to find out whether or not he has the right stuff .
A bleak but lovely little parable about the failure of a Greenwich Village folk singer in the weeks before Bob Dylan hits town and Everything Changes .
The film 's centerpiece is Mr. Isaac 's phenomenal performance .
The plot , for all its pointlessness , has an elegant nautilus structure that spirals back to the beginning with one tug .
One thing 's for sure about this raw provocation from the Coens : Like the music , the pain runs deep and true . You 'll laugh till it hurts .
Pleasantly peculiar , cynically funny , hurtfully playful , and oddly authentic , Inside Llewyn Davis is one of the best films of the year .
A minor key ode to a talented singer whose flaws forever keep him one step behind musical and personal success .
A breathtakingly beautiful cinematic achievement , and my pick for the best film of 2013 .
It 's a must-see - as long as you 're willing to embrace the movie 's melancholy .
It 's a Coen brothers movie , which is to say a brilliant magpie 's nest of surrealism , period detail and pop-culture scholarship .
Twenty-some years after Barton Fink , the Coens have returned with another comedy about the maddening , exasperating business of trying to make art for money . The joke is still on the artist , but the brothers are n't laughing so hard this time around .
Brilliantly acted , gorgeously shot and altogether captivating .
The Coen Brothers 's ode to the early 1960 's folk scene certainly stirs a symphony of emotions .
One can watch ` Inside Llewyn Davis ' as a sad -LRB- albeit often pitch black funny -RRB- drama or a hilarious -LRB- albeit often sad -RRB- pitch black comedy .
Portrait of a struggling , stubborn folksinger in 1961 New York is a Coen Brothers triumph , and one of the year 's best films .
The film is a heavy downer and its consistent gray-hue enhances the bleakness . But the Coen brothers never fail to weave in bits of saucy irony , giving way for essential comical moments that bring everything full-circle .
Inside Llewyn Davis plays like an elegy . Its conclusions are more regretful than angry .
A wonderfully measured film , packing each frame with information that resonates with something else in the film . If it does n't make a star of Isaac , there is no justice .
One of the Coen Brothers ' more enigmatic offerings ... gets major points for the authentic folk music and an unforgettable committed performance by Oscar Isaac .
It 's a hell of a mix of tones , but that 's the challenge the Coens ' movies pose : How do we reconcile their cheerfully disparate impulses ? -LRB- Do we need to ? We need to try . -RRB-
A fascinating warts-and-all character study of Llewyn as well as , perhaps most of all , a celebration of all his star-in-the-making portrayer can do .
Inside Llewyn Davis may be missing that certain Coen spark I 've come to love , but it 's still an intriguing watch from start to finish . It 's a good movie - just not Coen brothers good .
Enthralling , enlightening and evocative of the sweet desperation of one week in the life of a folksinger in New York 's Greenwich Village in 1961 .
Period perfect , well acted and musically spot-on , but chilly and dramatically thin . Not one of the Coens ' best .
As yet another brilliant example of the Coen Brothers ' period expertise , Inside Llewyn Davis captures the near-dawn of the Dylan Greenwich Village folk scene with all the accuracy of a half-remembered dream .
A dark ode to the new singers of one of the oldest , most seminal musical forms on the planet ; when some thrived , and others used the art to cope with their demons of loss and ambivalence .
Breathes there a person with a soul so callused that he does n't feel his heart breaking from the wonderful , yet mournful music ?
Inside Llewyn Davis is a brilliant work of art .
This is n't the cute , accessible period piece that some audiences might be expecting , but the Coens once again prove that their seemingly random and chaotic chord progressions lead somewhere wonderful .
Inside Llewyn Davis is another burnished gem from filmmakers who can only be described as `` treasures '' at this point , and one of 2013 's most unassuming pleasures .
A wry and beautifully understated study of loss , as frequently biting as it is moving , it slips directly into contention with the Coens ' finest work .
Llewyn springs full blown and neither changes nor reaches self-awareness . He 's a poor face in the crowd whose story 's seldom told , has its moments , but seems no more engrossing than most .
The Coen Brothers ' remarkable ` Inside Llewyn Davis ' is a conjuring act of near-magical conviction , an ode to the artistic spirit that 's as uncompromising as the troubled genius it chronicles .
-LSB- VIDEO ESSAY -RSB- The filmmakers ' gift for making the audience feel like welcomed members of an elite club has never seemed more focused .
It features a remarkable lead performance and impassioned journey , but the character 's destructive habits and off-putting attitude can make the experience deflating and unfulfilling .
As played by an eloquently beleaguered Oscar Isaac , Llewyn Davis is arguably the most vivid and complex character the Coens have dreamed up since Marge Gunderson .
Like the folk scene it immerses us in , Inside Llewyn Davis is intrigued by authenticity .
May be the Coens ' saddest yet
The Coen brothers ' new movie ranks with their very best in its nearly pitch-perfect balance of biting satirical humour and deep reserves of feeling .
A wise , wintry ode to artistry lost , found and placed in storage .
It 's the movie 's profound undercurrent of sadness that gets to you .
The brothers have created a character who 's hard to love and a bit of a chore to invest in for an hour and 45 minutes . Like the old songs in his repertoire , he 's familiar , not new , but he quickly gets old and tiresome .
Inside Llewyn Davis is a quiet triumph of a film .
Inside Llewyn Davis is the warmest picture -LSB- the Coens have -RSB- ever made , and though it will never attract the cultlike adoration of The Big Lebowski and Fargo , or earn the serious-lit-adaptation accolades of No Country for Old Men , it 's possibly their best .
One of the best and most understated movies about the grieving process .
If O Brother , Where Art Thou was loosely based on The Odyssey , I think Inside Llewyn Davis is the Coen Brothers ' Alice in Wonderland ,
Inside Llewyn Davis is n't about someone trying to make it big , but someone just trying to make it , and the Coens celebrate the hard road that can inspire great art .
Melancholy and funny , quirky and touching , it stands among their strongest work .
The Coens have given us a melancholic , sometimes cruel , often hilarious counterfactual version of music history . It 's a what-if imagining of a cultural also-ran that maybe tells us more about the truth than the facts themselves ever could .
The filmmaking duo 's new movie features a protagonist far more flawed and self-defeating , but thanks to a sterling lead performance from Oscar Isaac , the Coen brothers have once again delivered an impressively nuanced character study .
The result is a movie that neatly avoids the problems endemic to most period movies -- and biopics in particular -- in favor of a playful , evocatively subjective reality .
An outstanding fictional take on the early 1960s folk music scene from the Coen Brothers .
An ode to art for art 's sake , Inside Llewyn Davis is the most innocent movie of the Coens ' career , which in their case is a downright radical achievement .
The film is thoughtful and evocative , just as the directorial duo 's other period offerings , and to call it a low key affair , packed with charm is not to do the film any disservice .
The Coens bring the pre-Dylan 1960s Village to life with a spangly authenticity that leaps off the screen .
This is instant A-list Coens ; enigmatic , exhilarating , irresistible .
While it might be their most slight and unfocused effort in almost ten years , given their corpus of work therein , it 's difficult to feel too short-changed about that .
The Coens have surged back to , once again , become the most consistently reliable American film-makers of their generation . The film is funny when it 's sad and serious when it 's frivolous .
What an intense pleasure this film is , one of the Coens ' best ...
To call Inside Llewyn Davis a minor work does n't render it any less a pleasure to watch ; it 's to admit that the film 's melancholy depiction of the '60s folk scene in Greenwich Village -LRB- and beyond -RRB- may only improve in the interim .

@highlight

Smart , funny , and profoundly melancholy , Inside Llewyn Davis finds the Coen brothers in fine form .