It 's clear that Blood Diamond takes quite a while to wholeheartedly get going ...
Despite fine performances , Blood Diamond is an unfortunate disappointment due to heavy handed direction which dilutes its message .
Diamonds may be forever , but Blood Diamond hopefully will only last through the Oscar season
After centuries of raping Africa for its resources , now we exploit its misery for our amusement .
Blood Diamond is a movie zircon . It does n't cut glass , but it cuts plot , character , and credibility . It could be Hotel Rwanda , but instead it 's Motel Deep-Six .
Yes , Blood Diamond is preachy , but it 's a sermon we need to hear .
The more I see of their work , the more I realise that directors Ed Zwick and Sam Mendes have one thing very sharply in common -- both are filmmakers who make movies that they think are far more important than they actually are .
Never quite overcomes its mindless blockbuster mentality .
This is one powerful film . The shooting style is intense , mixing action with heart-wrenching drama with Leonardo DiCaprio 's faux South African accent .
Beneath the shocking brutality in Blood Diamond is the story of father searching for his son which , thanks to Mr. Hounsou 's work , is nearly worth the price of admission .
Truly offensive is the film 's go-nowhere result , its purported liberal ideologies untapped beyond their potential for speedy , soulless entertainment .
Both excitingly well made and dispiritingly formulaic .
Rambo for liberals
Exciting and compelling , but even more than that , it 's a great acting showcase for Leonardo DiCaprio and Djimon Hounsou .
It 's a film about exploitation that sometimes feels like it IS exploitation and is only going to leave you frustrated .
Zwick 's vision outpaces his narrative .
DiCaprio is excellent but this is definitely a Very Important Movie .
Blood Diamond has all the cinematic punch of a lengthy Nation article .
Zwick does a fine job in combining a broad range of elements and turning them into a compulsive and thought-provoking adventure and is aided by beautiful cinematography .
The issues may be simply put , but the brilliant action sequences engage us viscerally .
DiCaprio deserves his Oscar nomination for the breathtaking intensity of his performance .
The best thing about it is the convincing acting by DiCaprio and Hounsou .
a fascinating action-adventure with uneven and unsure tendencies for politcal comment
A comparatively honest effort from Hollywood but one fatally weakened by the familiar scent of compromise in its final reels .
This is the thinking man 's thriller . You want in-depth background ? Google it .
Some will dismiss it as `` typical Hollywood '' , yet that is n't always a bad thing . In so many movies , destruction and loss are dwelt upon because they are irreducible truths . But survival is a truth , too , and this film pays it often stirring witness .
It 's DiCaprio 's Oscar-nominated turn that steals the show .
While there 's some serious sag between the action scenes , this is a blockbuster with brains and the kind of film to make us all think twice on our next visit to the jeweller .
In the ongoing conflict between Hollywood glamour and telling the truth about Africa , it 's the former that wins .
Gripping action and an excellent DiCaprio can not disguise what is , essentially , an effective , if shallow , exposition of a hugely complex global issue .
The whole thing is more Gerald Ratner than Harry Winston .
So bleak and depressing you will never look at a gemstone again without idly wondering how many lives it might have cost .
Not robust enough to deliver on its early promise .
If you can ignore Zwick 's colonial bombast , Blood Diamond is quite a ride : a gripping tale of greed and exploitation set against a background that seems constantly on the verge of explosive violence .
Slightly too long and not quite as worthy as it thinks it is , this is still an entertaining , well acted thriller that manages to raise some important political issues in between the action sequences .
It does n't entirely evade the issue at its core - conflict diamonds - in favour of pure action by way of guns and planes , thrills and spills ; but it hardly embraces the subject fully either .
Great performances , provocative ideas and gripping action scenes fall prey to Hollywood logic and pat storytelling in the final hour .
in a storytelling strategy rare for -LSB- Zwick -RSB- , we do n't find ourselves laden with didactic demands , but , instead , swept up in an exciting narrative , free to process its moral equations on our own
... Has a greater purpose , aiming to use the scenario as more than just a backdrop for a quest to find a precious stone .
Zwick and Leavitt add the right amount of horror , character development and political activism to make `` Blood Diamond '' one of most important films to come along in a long time .
An action movie with a message .
As the adage goes , though , the road to hell is paved withgood intentions and BLOOD DIAMOND is nothing if not well intentioned . Unfortunately , it squanders a lot of good will and its message about Sierra Leone , the atrocities committed ... , and the result
Como film de acción y aventura tiene sus buenos momentos , pero cuando pretende denunciar los conflictos de África suena frívola y demagógica .
Um filme bem intencionado que , além de didático , funciona como bom exemplar do gênero `` ação '' , embora se enfraqueça em função de equívocos bobos que poderiam facilmente ter sido evitados .
Illogicalities pile up and coincidence assumes a starring role .
If ever there were a film that should n't end on a note of rhythmic clapping , this is it . What a mess .
How do the stars of Blood Diamond make so many improbable escapes from hails of bullets ? You 'd think the movie ought to be called Near-Death Experience .
-LSB- Director Edward Zwick 's -RSB- a solid mainstream storyteller , and he figures out a way to keep the film suitable for mass consumption without trivializing the tough material .
Liberal guilt movies are always a hard trick to pull off , especially when they mix didactic soapbox standing and action-adventure explosiveness with the randy zeal of Edward Zwick 's Blood Diamond .
It leaves a bitter aftertaste , but perhaps that could n't be avoided . This is n't a feel-good affair .
This movie is social commentary piece masquerading as an action flick .
High-impact African action flick a flawed gem !
The action sequences , filmed with a jerky hand-held camera to impart a sense of realism , are impressive , incorporating a palpable danger that sends shudders .
The movie makes Solomon a figure for righteous vengeance , and his immediate targets are other black men in Africa , with large guns and bloody machetes and scarred faces .
The very audience most likely to respond to blood and gunfire is least likely to respond to stridently delivered messages .
Everyone uses everyone in Blood Diamond , a blistering political thriller that scratches furiously in Africa 's red soil to reveal what is priceless . The soil is red from blood % u2026
Like a highly prized jewel , the Blood Diamond is uniquely beautiful but flawed . Unfortunately , in the movie business , we prefer our gems flawless .
A mainstream action adventure that happens to stand on a base of headline-grabbing current events .
... a film that 's ostensibly about the murder , mutilation , forced labor , kidnapping , and brainwashing of black Africans but whose creators insist that what 's really important is whether the roguish white guy gets it on with the hot white chick .
Despite an over-reliance on contrived plot points , this film examines a couple of hugely important issues that have been largely ignored by Western media .
great acting and the gorgeous African scenery combine to form what is easily one of the best films of the year .
Blood Diamond is unapologetically political , but if you 're going to do this kind of thing , this is the way to do it . The film works as a message movie , yet it 's also terrific entertainment .
As responsible as ` Blood Diamond ' tries to be , this well-made picture is ultimately an example of misery chic .
A standard adventure film that tries , somewhat successfully , to be a pointed political expose of the dirty side of the diamond business .
... part treasure hunt , part geopolitical thriller ...
Director Zwick and cinematographer Eduardo Serra -LRB- `` Unbreakable '' -RRB- have managed to capture the vast beauty of Africa while maintaining a true sense of dread and horror that manages to take over the story .
The movie 's lofty intentions are hamstrung by having to coexist uneasily with a trio of stock characters .
The messages in Edward Zwick 's `` Blood Diamond '' are multifold and as a result , the film is unfocused .
While DiCaprio does n't always the accent right , he at least gets the character spot on .
Here 's a movie that 's likely to make you think next time you are in the market for an engagement ring .
Breaks its arm patting itself on the back .
A top-notch adventure movie with fantastic production values and the cold , sharp edge of a machete .
DiCaprio proves himself the most watchful and watchable actor of his age .
Blood Diamond lives unsteadily as an action-fueled real-world expose .
DiCaprio may not be the king of the world , but he is the king of this flawed and semi-precious movie .
Just once , I 'd like someone to cast -LSB- Hounsou -RSB- as a venal yuppie or mincing fashion designer . Put him in touch with Stanley Tucci 's agent .
Bling-bang .
Connelly is an American reporter who looks much less like an American reporter than like Jennifer Connelly pretending to be an American reporter who knows she looks more like Jennifer Connelly than any American reporter ever will .
For all its good intentions , the film ends clumsily , and it is possible to miss the complicity of the bling-bling West in these African nightmares .
The movie does n't know when to quit .
There 's enough soul in DiCaprio 's strong ` Blood Diamond ' performance to make us believe his character is a much better man than he thinks he is .
Blood Diamond presents itself as an action thriller but the genre trappings ca n't hide the fact that Zwick wants to teach audiences another history lesson and lecture them on political correctness .
It all feels like Hollywood pathos ... It 's the sign of a filmmaker that does n't really have anything to say , so he just shows some tragedy and lets his actors cry about it .
While I love the underlying message , the delivery is way too preachy .
It succeeds well at what it sets out to do : wrapping a worthy message in a compelling story .
-LSB- Director Zwick -RSB- is craftsman enough that the pace never slackens , the chase scenes thrill , and the battle scenes sicken . And if it makes viewers think twice about buying their sweethearts that hard-won hunk of ice for Christmas , so much the better .
Blood Diamond strives to be an `` important '' film while stopping well short of being genuinely provocative and artistically chancy .
Rather than merely toil in action theatrics , Zwick has consistently explored the interstices of war and honor , and the way in which sense of duty is often warped .
Whether or not viewers heed the moral of Zwick 's film , they should be wowed by his adventure story .
The early portions ... especially the scenes of little boys being brainwashed and bullied by their RUF captors , are harrowing ... Unfortunately , the story 's power diminishes as the film goes on .
Blood Diamond maintains a certain level of intensity that will certainly stir the soul and perhaps inspire activism . But unfortunately , it also tries a little too hard to convey its message about global conflict .
Best propaganda flick of the decade .
Thanks to Mr. DiCaprio 's raffishly dashing soldier of fortune , the movie is worth watching .
Zwick and screenwriter Charles Leavitt are torn between the competing masters of popular entertainment and education , and they wind up serving neither well .
Blood Diamond is redeemed by its solid performances . Chiefly from DiCaprio , who is having a great year , and Hounsou , who is dignity incarnate .
Some might argue that the Connelly role serves as the film 's conscience . That may have been the intent , but as with a lot of things intended with Blood Diamond , the audience is n't made to feel it .
Director Edward Zwick , whose movies tend to preen , swell and stretch , pushes lengths past the obvious emotional closure and moral payoff .
Blood Diamond takes its title from jewels sold to fund murder and mayhem in conflict zones . Yet it 's not a message movie but an old-fashioned , entertaining action adventure that contains messages .
Djimon Hounsou is excellent and Kagiso Kuypers delivers an amazing breakout performance .
DiCaprio is terrific , but he ca n't save this lecture from the shame of using Africa as a vehicle for another white man 's redemption .
Edward Zwick directs Blood Diamond with fast-paced kinetic energy and draws first-rate performances from his cast .
This unwieldy mix of action , romance , and politics collapses under the weight of its high-minded ambitions and questionable story .
Africa has long been exploited by the West : for ivory , for gold , for diamonds , for oil . And , more recently , for , and by , Hollywood .
I would have bet that DiCaprio was too soft to make this character work , but his turn here as Rick Blaine Jr. is n't half bad , and on the heels of The Departed , shows that he 's growing up .
Director Edward Zwick is the Ron Howard of action films . Glory , Courage Under Fire , Legends of the Fall , all gorgeous looking , nicely written , well-acted and thought-provoking movies with violent settings .
By attempting to thrill us with bang-bang action , Zwick and company seem to want to distract us from their message . And when they finally deliver it , their hamfisted treatment absolutely kills it .
It all pays off in the second half , as the characters are fleshed out in ways that did n't at first seem possible . The actors go beyond playing types and enter the world of three-dimensional people .
Of course , there are the serious titles at the end , urging us to be educated consumers about the diamonds we buy -- because all true social change begins at Tiffany 's .
Hounsou 's paternal ferocity and DiCaprio 's ruthless toughness provide the fire Blood Diamond needs more of , to burn away the script 's political overkill .
Action and message cancel each other out . To put it another way , this movie wants you to be appalled by the real slaughter of Africans by Africans - which it blames on you - but be entertained by the slaughter of Africans by DiCaprio .
Blood Diamond is , in the vernacular of Old Hollywood , a rip-roaring adventure , the kind made in the '30s with Clark Gable and the handiest leading lady on contract at MGM .
Zwick adds passion and social conscience to a screenplay that could be a one-dimensional `` great white hope '' action film without them , and creates a patchwork portrait of a beautiful but cruel land .
It succeeds well at what it sets out to do : wrapping a worthy message in a compelling story .
In short : It 's a mess .
You can see DiCaprio and Connelly acting . They 're trying too hard .
Blood Diamond works because of the performance from DiCaprio , which is stunning . Talk about rising about the material .
Blood Diamond was directed by Edward Zwick , a staunchly mainstream filmmaker who seems most at ease with the language of epic storytelling . If you 're in the market for sweep or machismo , he 's your man .
What you will remember from the film though , is the performance by Leonardo DiCaprio , in his most impressive work since he was a teenaged wunderkind .
Blood Diamond loses its way at times , but the power and tragedy of civil war , of greed and tainted motives , is undeniable .
Blood Diamond has been directed with energy and style by Edward Zwick , who has a long and mostly impressive history of finding large audiences for films that address cultural and social inequity .
Blood Diamond also has the same bothersome and somewhat patronizing quality that marred Zwick 's last film , The Last Samurai . And it keeps repeating the same points over and over again .
At its best , Blood Diamond makes the sorrow of Sierra Leone 's exploitation -LRB- by just about everyone -RRB- palpable .
In balancing its major motion picture ambitions with thoughtful intentions , this compelling , neo-message movie offers a fresh T-shirt motto for the ongoing campaigns against diamonds that help finance corruption and slaughter : Do the Right Bling .
What keeps you watching is the level of acting , especially between the two male leads .
Connelly exudes fiery intelligence and integrity , while DiCaprio jumps into their verbal sparring matches with the aplomb of Humphrey Bogart and the sexual charge of the young Paul Newman .
Action-adventure pictures have a lamentable tendency toward mindlessness , but Edward Zwick 's epic story has numerous virtues apart from suspense and spectacle .
Blood Diamond is a work of amazingly orchestrated chaos .
Blood Diamond wears both its social conscience and its Hollywood calculation on its sleeve . The movie wants to rouse you to action while narcotizing you with Connelly 's bottomless green eyes .
Conversation sounds like it is coming from the screenwriter and not the characters .
A serious Hollywood entertainment that keeps an audience rapt in their seats for almost 2 and a half hours and then sends them out the door with plenty to chew on .
tries to juggle too many characters and purposes throughout its long running time ... Blood Diamond works on many levels , although it does n't do so consistently
You ca n't have it both ways . But writer-director Edward Zwick keeps trying ... to make socially conscious movies , the kind where stuff blows up real good .
Without question , 2006 has turned into the year of Leonardo DiCaprio .
This powerful story grabs you and never lets go .
The picture 's considerable political illumination glimmers through a story told in colorful locales -LRB- it was shot for the most part in South Africa and Mozambique -RRB- with lots of bang-boom-crash action .
Blood runs often in Blood Diamond , an often admirable action-drama that takes some wrong turns .
Highlighted by Serra 's captivating cinematography , with this tension-packed film DiCaprio proves he is one of his generation 's best actors ... in the mold of Bogart and Newman .
Nothing more than chicken soup for international humanitarian crises , an opportunity for Hollywood types to decry the bloody stone trade while reaching for a little Oscar gold .
Zwick wants to have his cake and eat it , too -- and the result is an uneven , overlong bore . Call it Ramifying the Stone .
A ` King Solomon 's Mines ' for the troubled consciences of a post-colonial age . -LRB- Is that why the lead African character is named Solomon ? -RRB-
It all works well in a complex , riveting , and disturbing way . The film suffers only in pacing ; it seems longer than it is .
Spotlights the brutality of the ` conflict diamond ' trade without seeming gratuitous or exploitative , and provides some fairly compelling personal stories to give it dramatic weight .
The characters stop just short of speaking directly to the camera and scolding the audience .
I 'll take Blood Diamond over Lethal Weapon 5 any day . Let 's call it a flawed gem .
At least Zwick has given men everywhere an excuse for their ladies the next time they expect a bigger piece of jewelry than their friends .
The question is not whether Blood Diamond succeeds as a mature , politically-minded piece of entertainment but whether it should be an entertainment in the first place .
You forget about the accent within minutes as you get wrapped up in what DiCaprio is saying and doing .
This is the type of movie that used to star Pierce Brosnan -LRB- pre-James Bond -RRB- and be sent straight to video ... Zwick has added nothing new except to make it longer .
It remains to be seen whether even a movie this powerful can change enough minds -- this one certainly is unsettling enough that it might have a chance .
surprisingly successful
It 's one of those movies that looks run-of-the-mill in a synopsis , but all of the talent elements come together and something special is born .
Blood Diamond covers old ground but with a current twist as it deals with modern issues of terrorism , political upheaval and armed conflict .
A stirring and powerful story .
On the one hand , no one with a conscience should buy a diamond unless he or she knows where it came from . On the other hand , should Zwick really be using a glorified action movie to scold us ?
Blood Diamond is a gem in a season with lots of worthy movies .
Who wants to watch something so gruesome ?
Blood Diamond is very much aware that these are problems beyond easy and convenient resolution , and it is hard not to appreciate any film that understands that .
Edward Zwick , will you please step down off your soapbox ?
The movie is fueled by DiCaprio 's intensity and believability .
For its flaws , Blood Diamond is a gem , if only for being an unusually smart , engaged popcorn flick .
It 's exciting and adventurous . Leonardo DiCaprio 's forceful maturity is a revelation .
The makers this exceptionally foolish thriller starring a most excellent Leonardo DiCaprio , want you to know there may be blood on your hands , specifically your wedding finger .
Blood Diamond deserves kudos for shedding light on the dark underbelly of the diamond trade , but it 's too accomplished an action film to have the impact of , say , Hotel Rwanda or even this year 's Catch a Fire .
Much more so than those earlier films , Blood Diamond freely combines political grandstanding with action-adventure heroics .
As liberal hand-wringing goes , it 's a winner .
Perhaps the goofiest message movie ever made .
There 's an extraordinary subplot in Blood Diamond , sandwiched between a main story meant to arouse outrage and a Hollywood-clumsy finale meant to provoke a standing ovation .
There has n't been a more entertaining and satisfying drama released to theaters in months .
Blood Diamond is a visually sumptuous , bullet-train-paced thriller with a really provocative theme .
Cinemaniacs with a palate sophisticated enough to tell a carat from a carrot will recognize the picture as over-produced , overly long , and potentially racist to boot .
Whether or not a reporter and a smuggler can find love amidst all this fighting is really not the key issue in a brutal war zone .
Kanye West 's four-minute song ` Diamonds From Sierra Leone ' conveys an anti-diamond message more clearly and effectively than 143 awful minutes of The Blood Diamond .
It 's hard to credit the anti-exploitation message of a movie that treats its African men , women and children as wholesale cannon fodder , doomed-but-noble ciphers or sneering , bloodthirsty sociopaths .
Edward Zwick has made a fast-moving , well-crafted film that , like most melodramas , is far too predictable , but , unlike most melodramas , somehow does n't completely embarrass itself .
It has an intensity that 's just spellbinding , with surprises around every corner -- many of them horrifying .
Despite its flaws , Blood Diamond is an excellently shot and edited adventure with two commanding performances .
Ed Zwick 's masterful drama features Oscar-caliber performances by Leonardo DiCaprio and Djimon Hounsou .
The film glitters like a ... ruby . Yeah , ruby . Because diamonds are bad .
As compelling and as socially relevant as this story is , it 's the acting that makes ` Blood Diamond ' soar .
Zwick 's ... argument holds water , but his storytelling suffers - largely because ` Blood Diamond ' tells the wrong story .
You can view Zwick 's action-packed take on the issue as a social critique masquerading as cineplex fodder , but in this case the Hollywood tropes of the storyline very nearly overwhelm the subject matter .
Long , predictable and very simplistic ... Is it racist ? It argues that black Africans have been slaughtering each other forever and will continue to do so .
There is every reason to learn about the link between jewels and death , by all means , but no reason to try to disguise a term paper as entertainment .
The important African message is diluted into a rather ugly and potentially racist film .
If only Edward Zwick 's mastery of the medium had extended to pruning the screenplay and editing the final result , Blood Diamond might have been a tremendous film rather than one worthy of only a lukewarm recommendation .
It is clearly one of the biggest surprises of this overcrowded holiday season , and certainly one of the most emotionally rousing entertainments of the year .
Blood Diamond is never dull .
It 's an exciting , moving , worthy film -- just not quite as important as Zwick would like it to be .
Another attempt to convey the torment of post-colonial Africa that does n't fulfill its ambitions .
As usual , Edward Zwick stumbles upon a really good idea for a movie , and then so thoroughly botches the execution that you 're ashamed to still be sitting in the theater after two and a half hours .
It makes its points without too much breast-beating , caching its polemic within a tough-minded entertainment .
The only indignation stirred up by Blood Diamond wo n't be among those who worry about where their jewelry came from , but with audiences incensed by facile politics and bad storytelling .
Crafted for maximum entertainment .
DiCaprio is the Marlon Brando of our time . The job he does in `` Blood Diamond '' should earn him an Oscar , more so even than for his performance in `` The Departed '' for which he will likely also be nominated .
Essentially a romantic adventure story with politics in the background -- an old-fashioned movie , I suppose , but exciting and stunningly well made .
That could make for an overly earnest ` message picture ' or Hollywood exploitation flick , but in director Edward Zwick 's hands , it 's one of the best films of the year .
While it might miss the boat in trying to convey its message , as an action film , Blood Diamond succeeds admirably .
Zwick may as well have titled his newest action-adventure The Constant Gardener II : Diamonds Are Forever , as it peddles the same distasteful , condescending attitudes toward Africa as did Fernando Meirelles ' 2005 fiasco .
One of the best films of 2006 -- opens our eyes to the bloody brutality of civil war , corporate malfeasance , and the training of child soldiers .
these characters are n't the icons they might have been had the scripting not let them down at every turn , instead they are clichés
This is the worst of Ed Zwick 's films ... utterly unfocused , trying to shove virtually every White Man In Africa stereotype in the movie book .
Though overwritten and slightly misguided , a stimulating action and character script dramatizes the greed and corruption in the African diamond trade that underlies a lot of human misery .
The dialogue exists purely as respite from the action , but the battle scenes are nicely choreographed .
Despite shining contributions , this composite of action-adventure and social message does n't quite crystallize .
Africa 's enduring sorrow is ripe for drama , but Blood Diamond is , finally , a fitting metaphor for the gems : Potentially brilliant from a distance , but upon closer inspection , one likely will see the flaws .
DiCaprio gives a masterful performance . He 's become a man 's man with a powerful on-screen presence .
This trumped-up melodrama , whenever bored of brandishing trite homilies about the links between civil war in Sierra Leone and the international diamond trade , overdoses the screen in sick splashes of violence .
Part a social-issue film about the trade of conflict diamonds , part a sentimental father-son melodrama , and mostly an old-fashioned adventure Hollywood-style , it 's a typical Zwick work in which message and action and art and entertainment simply do n't gel






@highlight

Blood Diamond overcomes poor storytelling with its biting commentary and fine performances .