By the time Etheredge-Ouzts uncorks the Suspiria-meets-Un Chant d'Amour climax , the film has snowballed enough subtext for five Robin Wood dissertations
Homo-erotic themes aside , this is otherwise a stock scary movie which rates out as an above-average example of the genre .
It 's not deep and it 's not unique , but HellBent approaches an oft-abused sub-genre with just enough originality and creativity to warrant some praise .
Elevates the conversation along its own parameters .
Etheredge-Ouzts coasts on the idea that combining homosexuality with homicide is revolutionary .
Yes , like the classic soon-to-victims of slasher movies past , -LSB- these characters are -RSB- simply too dumb to live .
A genre cheapie from its digital-video camerawork to its Casiotone soundtrack to its bland , buff cast , the movie is a cultural watershed in a dry gulch .
The only thing ` HellBent ' proves is that in a slasher movie , homosexual victims can be as dumb as heterosexual ones . This is progress ?
Does n't exactly reinvent the wheel with its narrative , but for horror fans , it 's smarter than the norm and delivers a crafty little twist to the conventions of the genre .
A refreshingly straight-up genre flick with lots of blood and a few nice scares along the way .
For an aggressively homosexual picture , writer-director Paul Etheredge-Ouzts plays things , forgive the euphemism , plays things fairly straight .
The horror in the film is mediocre at best .
A loyal gay audience may appreciate the novelty , but horror fans can find junk like this lining the shelves of any video store .
Etheredge-Ouzts ca n't scare us , because the plot is so random , with no suspects , no hint of why the killer is slicing off peoples ' heads and no indication the police have noticed the mounting pile of bodies .
The film goes through the motions familiar from mainstream slasher movies , but without an underlying logic motivating the action , the film becomes an exercise in blood-spattered boredom .
This is n't a particularly good movie , and it 's offensive in the way mid-range low-budget slasher shows usually are . But it works better than some .
The guys have more character development than your typical sliced-meat-to-be victims usually get ... but it falls short of being that campy kind of fun .
Has both novelty and back-to-basics ingenuity in its favor , along with memorable characters and the deft combination of gory shocks and comic relief that 's essential to the genre .
Etheredge-Ouzts stages the stalkings and slashings effectively enough , but too much of the movie is devoted to suspenseless cruising .
Writer-director Paul Etheredge-Ouzts does n't know how to create anything resembling suspense .
-LSB- A -RSB- handsomely styled horror picture , which also makes a good-faith effort to differentiate among the victims-to-be before it starts picking them off .
Etheridge-Outzts does n't tweak the well-worn slasher formula enough , or generate any real scares , to make his film anything more than just a gay spin on a gore-splattered exploitation film .
Either it 's a truly lousy retread of horror-movie clichés , or it 's a mildly amusing sendup of them .
Because more time is dedicated to crafting authentic , sympathetic characters than the average horror movie , it 's easier to overlook the film 's often-corny dialogue and so-so special effects .
If audiences have been waiting for a gay slasher film , their wait might be over , but their appetite will not be sated .
... definitely a gay movie , but aside from misplaced Southern Baptists , it probably wo n't scare many in the audience .
... underplayed sense of humor , a few devilishly macabre touches , and memorably inspired use of a glass eye ...
Aa hard-charging horror movie with a clever gay twist .
HellBent is frank enough in its depiction of gay male sexuality to make many in the general moviegoing audience squirm and just self-mocking enough to make its target audience laugh .
Like all slasher films , Hellbent is silly , unnecessary , and definitely budgeted for mediocrity . So what ? It 's still guaranteed to make you squirm as that shower curtain opens .
What you might not expect is that this queer-slanted slasher flick is actually pretty good .
The scariest thing about Hellbent is that somebody thought making this humorless gaysploitation slasher flick would be a good idea .
Given HellBent 's excellent characters , good scares , and irresistible energy , it 's bound to entertain whether your date is of the same sex or otherwise .
HellBent is a gay slasher film with gorgeous bodies on display , but it lets us know that it has a brain as well .
Take away the gay , and HellBent is still a funky-fab standalone in the Slasher 101 genre .
It 's gore that gives more .
This throwback to 1970s horror has a hilariously queer twist that makes it one of the most enjoyably crowd-pleasing fright flicks in ages .





@highlight

Hellbent is proof that gay slasher films can be just as tedious and mediocre as straight ones .