When you watch the film , you 'll understand immediately why people are obsessed with its story . Fincher 's movie , far truer to the novel than the Swedish version , will be a treat for fans of Larsson 's series .
Filmmaker David Fincher is extremely conscious of the details he needs to exhibit to keep each isolated moment at a highly concentrated level .
Overall , Fincher 's version is a chilly crime procedural , worth a watch but not world-burning in any way .
All in all , The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is a good film and worth a visit . But do yourself a real favor and watch the original Swedish version before , after or instead of this one .
Larsson was a natural heir to Mankell 's style , but unlike his progenitor 's work , both the book and film versions of The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo lack Wallander 's good heart .
overall the movie does take allegiances with both the book and original movie , but it comes into its own to unravel a truly alluring story .
Deep down , The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is sheer pulp .
An elegant balance between light and dark , The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo benefits from Fincher 's ascetic treatment , and will silence any of the naysayers who felt the whole American version was little more than a money grab .
I ca n't help but puzzle over the new Lisbeth and what , exactly , this film is lacking that does n't make it Fincher-level great .
Steve Zaillian 's script trims some the novel 's fat , keeping the film a lean , mean and frightening beast .
Whilst Fincher does n't exactly blow the original out of the water , he does add enough to make the project feel less like an unnecessary retread than it otherwise may have .
Fincher takes repeated stabs at creating depth but seldom draws blood in attempting to flesh out characters that just are n't that interesting .
David Fincher 's Hollywood take on the Stieg Larsson bestseller is a sleek yet somehow soulless adaptation .
A compelling ride for die-hard fans of the book series , dramatic thriller enthusiasts , as well as anyone who enjoys Fincher 's darker works .
While this film is a brilliant , dispassionate rival to the also-brilliant Swedish original , the films that could really use the Fincher treatment are the two sequels .
If you have n't seen the original Swedish film -LRB- which is highly recommended -RRB- , this new version is good enough to recommend as a fair telling of the story with some really good performances and direction .
Fincher 's The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo manages to build on the original film without copying it , reinventing it or ignoring it .
Feels surprisingly tame thanks to weakened characters and story changes that rob the mystery of much-needed suspense .
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo ca n't quite transcend its junk foundation or ... the familiar beats of the other adaptation .
I regret is that I 'd seen the 2009 original and was familiar with the story because it took the punch out of the major plot points/twists .
A very moody , well made retelling of Stieg Larsson 's book , but the film also lacks much purpose and sometimes focuses on the grim with an exploitative eye .
Best picture ? Best director ? It 's certainly better than some of the nominated films . But Fincher & Co. lose points every time this movie is nothing more than a slightly -- just ever so slightly -- inferior version of the Swedish films .
It 's ultimately David Fincher 's perfectionist talent for creating a gripping aesthetic that raises this film above your average James Patterson adaptation .
Was it really worth the effort ? For all Fincher 's famously fanatical control , he ca n't dispel the stench of half-baked cheese that hangs over the source material .
I may be one of the few who prefers the original Swedish TV version , but Fincher does a nice job of staying faithful to the Larsson novel and infusing it with his own sense of style .
If you enjoy a good mystery that 's as grimy as a stomped on cigarette on the pavement then this film will have you hooked . Fans of the books should be pleased .
It 's an effective , if unfathomable , entry in the Fincher canon .
Para quien no haya visto la adaptación sueca de 2009 , La chica del dragón tatuado va a resultar una película mucho más interesante que para el resto .
I could not take my eyes off the film and never once wanted to exit the theatre , all of which are attributes I do n't want to diminish or dispute in any way whatsoever .
Como todas as obras de Fincher que se calcam na razão , é uma produção envolvente , inteligente e intrigante .
After watching both the laborious 2009 Swedish version , and now Fincher 's -LSB- serviceable -RSB- English language remake , I am beginning to suspect that Larsson 's book just is n't very good .
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo '' will leave its mark on you . Dark , brutal and intriguing , this version is as troubling and memorable as its Swedish counterpart . Its disturbing tone begins in the opening credits and continues to the last frame .
David Fincher never lets his movie devolve into a petty revenge fantasy . The filmmaker clearly got the novel and , consequently , gets the most out of the novel . Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is just what the fans were demanding .
Perhaps the best match-up to the acrid yet compelling talents of Fincher since 2007 's Zodiac or maybe even his breakthrough feature , 1995 's Seven .
Satisfyingly complex and captivating , the film holds our attention for the entire 158 minutes of running time
This stylish film soars ; it 's a remake worth seeing
It is n't quite identical to the original Swedish language movie -LRB- Män som hatar kvinnor -RRB- starring Noomi Rapace , but it is very close to an exact copy .
You get the sense Blomkvist and Salander might march with Occupy Sweden protesters ; in its way The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is another movie about the 99 percent .
What Fincher brings to the table is a particular talent for atmospheric , highly stylized mystery . What he ca n't really fix is the fact that the source material is , structurally , a mess .
This is still a slick , gripping thriller and Fincher 's stylish fingerprints can be seen all the way through .
Fincher takes time to build the mystery slowly , showing the numbing amounts of research as well as details like freezing-cold cabins and bad vending machine coffee .
Fincher 's film is dark and twisted , bleak and brutal : everything the book 's fans would want .
This is a finely honed genre thriller , but it also continues Fincher 's preoccupation with the persistence of age-old urges in the modern world .
I liked it a lot .
Fincher has delivered a visually striking , well-acted , at times stomach-churning thriller , but I still ca n't help but wish that he had taken a curve ball and continued exploring new territory rather than taking a big swing at an easy toss
... an entertaining yet somewhat disappointing effort from Fincher .
As he proved last year , David Fincher can make the inherently uncinematic into thrilling cinema . Fincher is the right director to make a movie where two people rifle through endless amounts of paperwork and old photos suspenseful .
A waste of a great director 's time .
It is extraordinarily bleak . I mean , it 's not Requiem for a Dream bleak , but it 's on up there .
No one could fail to enjoy this movie , but it 's the product of an art and an industry that went in different directions with the coming of sound , and popular English-speaking audiences never became accustomed to reading subtitles .
There 's nothing wrong with David Fincher 's remake . Was it strictly necessary ? That 's debatable .
Fincher 's chilly , precision filmmaking knows how to tease , while still looking head-on into the abyss .
A tense , unsettling plunge into a dark , toxic world where the bleak Scandinavian setting is n't the only thing cold , cruel and unforgiving .
Shockingly sexual , brilliantly acted , and overall strangely appealing
A very impressive bit of storytelling and style that only steps wrongly in its final third .
Everything else we 're meant to care about is an afterthought compared to the sketch of a relationship at the fringe of the film which somehow benefits from not being at the center .
Mara 's performance stands on its own and likely gives birth to a new star .
For Fincher purists , The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo is lumpier in plot fluidity than his other , sleeker work , but his call sign is still very much present ...
The logic of a Hollywood adaptation , for the benefit of a largely untapped domestic market , is clear , not least for the film 's corporate sponsors : step forward McDonalds and Apple ; two brave companies who 've tethered their brands to incest and murder .
Vengeance is the ace card in this rough game of acquiring justice in a cloaked system with degenerates at every turn . And , it 's a heavyweight component of the Trilogy 's impact no matter the medium used for its telling .
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is everything you would expect from Fincher 's version of the book and that is the good and the bad . Slick and entertaining throughout , there is absolutely nothing in it which surprises .
The bottom line is that if you were too lazy to read the subtitles in the original , you wo n't miss Blomqvist 's lack of Swedish intellect this time .
Handles the material competently , but not exceptionally .
A hypnotic cocktail of haunting visuals , strong performances and mesmerizing score . Take the best bits of this captivating new work and cut them into the negligible flaws of the original film and you 'd have a perfect story .
Ho , Ho , Anal Rape ? Wha ?? A boring , bland , exploitative movie with TWO graphic anal rape scenes ? This is exactly what I want to see on Christmas weekend !
The remake everyone 's been talking about does n't disappoint .
The ultimate poseur movie ... -LSB- A cinematic -RSB- temporary tattoo , a way of feeling underground without ever committing to anything real .
Entertaining if blatantly sexual and sado-masochistic , inducing thrills and chills .
The 2009 Swedish version is a fine film , but this one is nevertheless an improvement , right from the dazzling opening credits -LRB- perhaps the best I 've seen this year -RRB- to an epilogue that 's unexpectedly poignant .
Fincher 's Twilight-like Hollywood heroine is shy and moody . Not the venal , alternate lifestyle lesbian-punk hacker from the beloved book . Anybody else think Mara 's sex scenes with Craig were done by a body double ?
-LSB- H -RSB- ow else are you going to tap into that lucrative market consisting of folks who read the books but are too lazy to read subtitles ?
Just as I could n't stop turning the pages of Larsson 's novel , I could n't take my eyes off Fincher 's movie .
Unable to make sense of Larsson 's already confused source material , Fincher 's film soon lapses into hypocrisy .
... grim but striking ... Still , Fincher 's remake is not up to the Swedish adaptation , which was creepier and more exhilarating , especially as the Old School/New School investigatory methods kicked in .
The grubby , borderline-exploitative subject matter seems like it rather deserves the slick , tacky treatment it already got in 2009 , and not Fincher 's pop-opera approach .
The movie feels like a cartoon , brilliantly achieved but utterly shallow .
Charismatically played by Rooney Mara in David Fincher 's coolly executed , moody rendition of Stieg Larsson 's book , this tattooed girl really does kick a hornet 's nest .
While it is n't clear if another version of The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is necessary , Fincher could n't make it boring with all this lurid material ... But in any language with anyone at the helm , Lisbeth is still a killer .
Fortunately the book is virtually foolproof if you leave it to speak for itself , as -LSB- Fincher -RSB- has done , thereby delivering a decent movie .
Fincher 's version oozes style , delivering an eye catching cinematic experience , while editing of the action is snappy .
If you 're about to enter the world of The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo for the first time , this is a terrific place to start .
Ca n't think of too many times a Hollywood version is so much superior to a European original .
Rooney Mara is n't quite as in-your-face as Noomi Rapace was playing Lisbeth in the Swedish films , yet she is both tough and sensitive ...
The master of the thriller genre , Alfred Hitchcock , knew that even the nastiest stories need light as well as shade . Fincher 's too busy darkening his garish source material to care .
Unmissable .
It 's certainly worth seeing if you missed the original . If you saw it , however , there 's no way of unseeing it , and nothing in the new one to top it .
Fincher 's Dragon Tattoo rockets through the freezing northern European landscape like the most powerful car on the market .
Fincher delivers a seedily compulsive glimpse into a cold , brutal universe seething with twisted passions , even if the story is little more than a slick , sick potboiler .
We know what will happen and it 's still riveting .
I 've read the books and seen the better Swedish version and still found this interesting and tense , despite the fact that the sex and violence are considerably toned down from the original .
Reminds us why murder mysteries and investigative procedurals -- useful parables about the certainty of death that have pretty much migrated to television -- can be especially compelling in a darkened theater .
Elegantly , confidently made , though it 's so similar to the Swedish movie it does seem kind of beside the point .
An astonishing blend of dark allure and damaged brilliance , Mara is compulsively watchable as Lisbeth Salander , while Craig effectively embodies quiet integrity as the humiliated reporter fleeing the limelight while sharpening his investigatory skills .
What transfixes here is n't the labyrinthine plotting -- we 're almost overly familiar with that by now -- but Mara 's Lisbeth , surely one of the most incendiary antiheroines in all of cinema
Fincher 's Girl -LRB- has -RRB- a far more bracing and brutal bite .
Fincher 's Dragon Tattoo is a faithful adaptation that brings the dazzle but shortchanges on the daring ... It 's gloriously rendered but too impersonal to leave a mark .
Fincher has succeeded admirably . His Girl With the Dragon Tattoo improves on both the book and the first movie .
Director David Fincher has crafted a disturbing dazzler of a thriller , embellished by sharp acting .
Extremely well-made , ably acted , beautifully shot and has a plot full of hairpin turns and twists . It is an entirely engaging and occasionally gripping film . It is also completely unnecessary .
Fincher is perfectly suited to the material , with its voluminous clues to be organized and parsed , its emotional austerity , and its serial murder , rape , and sundry sick plot twists .
Fans of the original will like this version , but many will ultimately see director David Fincher 's film as more cookie cutter than classic .
David Fincher 's English-language adaptation of Stieg Larsson 's 2005 novel goes to great lengths to distance itself from the woeful Swedish version of the same name -LRB- itself only two years old -RRB- . By doing so , he betters it in every single way .
Larsson himself would probably have loved this classier interpretation of his rather pulpy narrative .
Suitably stylish remake from director David Fincher , which succeeds thanks to a strong script , striking photography and superb performances from Craig and Mara .
Fincher maintains a steady tension throughout . He also adds his own tweaks to the twists at the end .
Location is Fincher 's strongest quality , and every log cabin , train station and archival vault here feels lived-in , bone-chillingly cold and full of surprises .
It 's a rough haul at times , but expertly executed and entirely worthy of the anticipation leading up to its release .
-LRB- Director David -RRB- Fincher and -LRB- screenwriter Steven -RRB- Zaillian have visualized a cold , dreary and ugly Sweden that draws you in against your better instincts
Rooney 's Lisbeth takes matters large and small into her own hands with a ferocious self-sufficiency that leaves the audience gasping with both horror and a provocative delight not entirely undiluted with envy . Likable , no , but impossible to easily dismiss
What he has delivered is adequate , but it does n't have any flavor - and of all the things Fincher is , `` bland '' is not usually one of them .
David Fincher 's The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is a tense thriller that unfolds with all the twists and turns one could hope to have .
Highly satisfying and smart thriller , which should quiet all the naysayers who might have thought this much-anticipated zeitgeist remake project wholly unnecessary .
Mara 's efficient , straightforward physicality and her watchful but implacable expression are just right for the character who is about to kick the hornet 's nest .
Even though the film boasts A-list talent both in front of and behind the camera , at heart this `` Dragon Tattoo '' is pulp that 's just as nasty and visceral - and entertaining - as its predecessors .
Immaculate style , questionable substance .
Utterly engaging , a transporting bit of cinema that immerses viewers -- uncomfortably at times -- in a riveting detective story .
Hollywood managed to not only not screw this one up , but actually made it one of the best movies of the year .
Yet another faithful adaptation ...
One of the most brutal and engrossing films of 2011
Those fortunate enough to be making Salander 's acquaintance for the first time will want to hold on .
David Fincher 's adaptation of the international best-seller is a triumph of craftsmanship over material .
Practically screams out that it wants to be cool , and succeeds most of the time .
While Fincher once again gets the mood and aura right , and Rooney is outstanding in her role , the plot and its related developments and revelations leaves a lot to be desired -LRB- Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
For all its meticulously crafted mood and mise en scène , The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo is little more than great filmmaking in service of bad art .
Probably the best possible movie version of The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo .
The title sequence alone is the single coolest thing you will see at the movies all year .
The American version of The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is well-made , well-cast , tense and exciting . I just wish I had n't seen it all before .
Dragon Tattoo offers a handsome package built on rickety foundations , hoping to pass inspection on good looks alone .
The land of the midnight sun has never looked darker .
The problem is that even Fincher ca n't renew the impact of Larsson 's original twists , unless you have an aversion to long books or subtitles
Rooney , Noomi?I love both ` Dragon Tattoo ' girls .
Fincher delivers a well-paced story -LRB- even at more than 2 1/2 hours -RRB- , without a lot of unnecessary Hollywood flash ...
For those completely unfamiliar with the novel or the 2009 Swedish film , this dark Nordic tale of murder and mystery will knock your woolen socks right off .
An altogether leaner , meaner , more high-powered , stylish , and deftly directed affair , though similarly hampered by a too-long narrative fuse .
Even Fincher 's elegantly gruesome style ca n't turn this Swedish noir into the meditation on evil and corruption that it fancies itself to be .
Unfortunately , Fincher does n't add much to Niels Arden Oplev 's Swedish version : more Googling and plot-compressing montages and an altered but still convoluted ending .
A dark thriller that mines the meanings of family skeletons , power , corruption , sex , and misogyny .
An entertaining 2.5 + hours for those who do n't mind plot details sliding right by , but for the rest , insufficient resources to piece together the investigation is fairly frustrating .
I can tell you that as a virgin to the story , this version of Girl with the Dragon Tattoo completely drew me into Larsson 's beautifully constructed , terrifying world .
Provides all the jolts and forward motion that any good airport novel gives you , but it 's the film equivalent of the book that kept you awake from Chicago to Baltimore , only you do n't feel bad about leaving it on the seat next to you after you land .
When it comes down to it , this is Rooney Mara 's movie , and I do n't care if the second and third stories are any good as long as they are full of Lisbeth Salander .
This is what a movie adaptation should be : a film whose base narrative has its roots in the source material but whose soul can be identified through the images that unfold on screen .
I wanted more pizzazz and deeper , more nuanced characterizations from Fincher and co. , but for those who have no context regarding pervious Larsson presentations this story-driven procedural may be well be good enough .
Surprisingly sanitized version of the Swedish blockbuster has little resonance in this Americanized form . Stick with with Swedish version - both book and film .
I do n't think I 've seen an actor do more with deadpan expressions than Mara does in this movie . Her face does n't move but , whether she 's tasing a man or standing in front of a mirror watching a cigarette dangle from her mouth , we respond to her .
Mara 's Lisbeth can be brashly young and impossibly smart . It 's a performance that should well serve the upcoming sequels .
Fincher has a proven track record sifting through the dark corridors of human nature . Tattoo is welcome addition to that canon , a ripping yarn that never lags during its 2 hours and 40 minutes .
Mara 's bristling , unbridled performance gives the film the ballast it needs to pull off that curious , undeniably engrossing , balancing act .
The Swedish version was sloppier and trashier , which suited the material . If that movie was more lurid , it also packed more genuine emotion .
It 's stylish , if not exactly subtle , and daringly brutal for a Hollywood movie . It 's also so uneven and overlong that it may leave non-fans wondering what all the fuss has been about .
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is that rare hard-R rated studio film that expertly weaves story and character development into the lascivious subject matter .
A satisfying thriller and welcome counter-programming for the Christmas season .
This is some pretty raw stuff to gift-wrap under the Christmas tree this holiday movie season . But it is also a great story for awards season , when adults can finally see movies for adults .
This Dragon flies , but it never really breathes fire .
The kick in this material , especially in this new version which plays down Mikael 's surliness , is Lisbeth , a pixieish polysexual outlier who seems equipped with her own portable storm cloud .
She 's fascinating and tough ... wish the film was a bit more like her . It 's a warm dragon , rather than a fiery one .
The Fincher version does n't actively negate the presence of the earlier one - it does n't have to - but its confidence and bravado are like a strong blast of sunlight with the ability to fade the memory of whatever came before .
The stellar , English-language take on `` The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo '' burrows so deeply into the heads of its characters that even when they 're just thinking , it 's deeply thrilling .
Seeing Fincher 's version is like getting a Christmas gift of a book you already have .
While it feels churlish to complain about a genre piece that 's been executed with such precise craft , I have to confess that , in both versions , I 've found Dragon Tattoo 's plot profoundly boring .
The dynamic between Craig and Mara in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is so sensational , it instantly propels the movie beyond glossy , high-toned pulp into something far more affecting .
This is an ingenious and engrossing work of pop cinema . That said , when it was over I felt a wave of ennui wash over me upon reflecting that we 've got two more of these to go .
The new `` Tattoo '' is buoyed by Fincher 's peerless craftsmanship . Never has a director been better suited to photographing winter scenes near the Arctic Circle .
A solidly crafted , creepily suspenseful thriller .
A visually impressive , well acted adaptation of the book , with significant differences in tone from the Swedish film .
Even those who know the torturous story by heart will be impressed by the intense focus , attention to detail and fidelity to the original material that director David Fincher brings this jagged little tale .
Fincher 's electrifying storytelling makes the most of unsettling visuals , large casts , complex plots and sharp dialogue .
This film 's cold , almost robotic conception of Salander as a twitchy , anorexic waif feels more like a stunt than a complete character , and so the best part of the reason we care enough to endure all that mayhem has gone away .
Once the hype dies , this movie will be best enjoyed as a drinking game . Down a shot of Absolut every time Craig whips his glasses on or off and you 'll be blitzed by the halfway point .
The film hits a nice groove in the interplay between Craig and Mara , together and apart , and Fincher displays his usual mastery at explicating the finer points of an investigation .
In the incendiary performance by Rooney Mara , one of the year 's best , you have all the incentive you need to drag out the Dragon Tattoo gun yet again .
This is never the kind of movie where they 're going to fall in love . That she even smiles is a breakthrough .
Larsson has whipped up something unique - Agatha Christie with techno Goths - yet this is unremarkable . If anything , the mixing of elements feels clumsy .
This studio version is , oddly enough , far less commercial and only about a quarter as lushly mysterious as the superior overseas original .
Exquisitely crafted , curiously uninvolving .
Fincher has made a movie that is not only wholly redundant in light of the original but also one that is worse than its already problematic predecessor .
An incredibly well-executed thriller that transcends its admittedly pulpy and occasionally ridiculous source material with an extraordinary degree of technical skil
The Swedish version was originally made for television and seen in installments . Fincher 's movie is 158 minutes and meant to be seen in one shot - and that 's precisely how those 158 minutes go by , in a shot .
On to The Girl Who Played With Fire , please !
Fincher 's film , with its chilly esthetics , would seem as calculated as a Michael Crichton thriller of the '90s . But Mara keeps us entranced even when we want to look away .
Daniel Craig and Rooney Mara are fine in the leads , but when it comes to the actual plot , one does get the feeling that it did n't need to be told again . Newcomers to the story may disagree .
A rarity in that it is an improvement over the Swedish language original , this intricately-woven , edge-of-your-seat whodunit is as graphic and grisly as it is cerebral and mind-bending .
Projects and directors are rarely better matched than The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo and David Fincher .
`` Dragon Tattoo '' knows precisely how to achieve its look , rhythm , sound and spirit . It 's extremely well made by a genuine and reliable talent . But I thought he was done with this sort of thing .
Not too surprisingly , Fincher does n't bring his auteur A-game here , though his crafty B-game is better than most .
This film has two of Fincher 's happiest trademarks : It 's full of information and stretches over a remarkably long time -LRB- 165 minutes -RRB- , yet it 's neither confusing nor overextended .
With great pizzazz , Fincher 's creative team 's original style wrings suspense from the aspects that are a pastiche of other thrillers .
Fincher pushes the tale of serial killing to the blackest depths of noir depravity .
There 's powerful craft here , and Larsson 's story has more than proven its ability to grip .
Mr. Fincher 's impressive skill is evident , even as his ambitions seem to be checked by the limitations of the source material and the imperatives of commercial entertainment .
Justifies its existence by improving on Niels Arden Oplev 's serviceable but unspectacular Swedish predecessor , though it ca n't overcome the flaws of the original book .
I 'm not sure I 've seen a more superfluous film that Fincher 's pointless second take on a story that was served supremely well onscreen so recently ...
Mara 's performance has a ferocity that will linger in your mind long after the two or three endings have faded .
Throbs as a tale of good people wanting to right wrongs with the truth if possible , and violence if necessary .
I 'm not impugning Fincher 's intentions ; I 'm just saying that , as good as his film may be , it 's redundant and unnecessary .
A tough , post-punk Tintin-meets-Klute for the Occupy Wall Street set , this kinetic , hard-edged thriller is the perfect festive comedown for Fincher fans and dysfunctional families everywhere .
-LSB- Fincher -RSB- never abandons his meticulousness -- it 's what allows him to position you in the exact right spot to deliver the blow .
Despite the riveting Lisbeth reinvention and Fincher 's visual prowess , source material problems remain in the form of creepy sexual politics and patchwork storytelling .
By focusing on the strongest part of the best selling novels , David Fincher and Steve Zallian have delivered a stylish , mesmerizing thriller .
David Fincher 's first-rate direction effortlessly wipes the floor with the soporific Swedish counterpart . In the end , though , even Fincher ca n't froth up some of the novel 's more procedural killer-of-the-week fancies .
In less experienced hands , this would surely have wound up as lurid , trashy pulp . Yet Fincher plays it straight and keeps it serious .
Ultimately it 's Mara who has to pull it off and deliver Lisbeth 's unique brand of cunning and power fueled by revenge . She 's a knockout .
The eagerly awaited American version -LRB- it 's not really a remake -RRB- of the Swedish crime novel is Fincher 's third masterpiece within a decade , reaffirming his status as the most brilliant director working in Hollywood today .
Hypnotic at times , masterfully evoking locations and blurred headspace through precise imagery -- pure silver screen math . Fincher respects the clue-gobbling tonality of the story , but he also keeps his directorial fingerprint fresh .
A mesmerizing movie that veers towards an unbearably tense climax , The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo benefits from invigorating direction and superb acting that allows the old-fashioned mystery to unravel in a hugely satisfying and captivating way .
Every decision made here , from how the novel was refined to the controversial casting of Rooney Mara to one of the best technical teams of the year was the right one .
David Fincher 's American version of The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is a powerhouse of a picture . And , in an incredible feat , Rooney Mara wrests the role away from the unforgettable Noomi Rapace in the Swedish version -- Mara and Fincher make it her own .
The great screenwriter Steven Zaillian 's elaborate , convoluted script , so muddled that even after it 's over you still do n't know what it 's all about , is a drawback -- but the movie is a master class in sinister style , tense and deeply uncomfortable .
-LSB- VIDEO -RSB- David Fincher can do a great re-make . Now , let 's hope he never does one again .
This is director Fincher 's vision of the story . And , as Fincher has shown in films like `` Se7en '' and `` Zodiac , '' that vision is often unflinching .
Though Fincher hits all the right emotional beats and does all the memorable set pieces , his exquisite craft ca n't distract from a number of troubling questions at the story 's core .
Crisp , stylish and well-acted English-language adaptation . Rooney Mara rocks this role .
Fans of the book and film should rest easy at how this ` Dragon Tattoo ' is still inherently a Swedish tale - set and partly shot in Sweden - and Fincher does n't flinch from the sexual violence at their core .
Fincher fires on all cylinders to save this story from itself , exhibiting the propulsive energy of Fight Club and the storytelling mastery of Zodiac and The Social Network .
-LSB- Fincher -RSB- has made The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo into an electrifying movie by turning the audience into addicts of the forbidden , looking for the sick and twisted things we ca n't see .
It 's easy to see why David Fincher wanted to make it , but hard to shake the feeling that perhaps he should n't have bothered .
Craig is an anchor of cool rationality and judiciousness around which Mara revolves like a demon .
Changed ending aside , Fincher 's take is as faithful as it is fearless . And Mara rocks .
Yep , that 's `` The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo . ''
Fincher synthesizes the best of both of his two previous serial killer movies , but combines them with a maturity that should n't be mistaken for boredom with the material .
David Fincher 's much-anticipated return to serial-killer territory is a fastidiously grim pulp entertainment that plays like a first-class train ride through progressively bleaker circles of hell .
Fine American version of the literary sensation delivers everything except that something extra .
This darker , slicker and more humane re-telling of Swedish crime thriller The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo improves upon previous adaptations , thanks to David Fincher 's vast skills as a master of dark suspense .
Monstrously skillful and powerfully engrossing . This is a taut thriller that sadly overstays its welcome with an extended finale that is n't nearly as satisfying .
Turns out - Fincher was right all along . Rooney Mara is a perfect Salander . Her performance , combined with the Reznor/Ross score , makes this a perfect adaptation of Stieg Larsson 's entertaining novel . A must-see .
... a good enough thriller with fine production values , but it 's not top notch Fincher . Where it should have shrieked and howled it only occasionally rattles the windows .
Subpar material gets a tonal and aesthetic - and , by extension , thematic - boost from directorial virtuosity in David Fincher 's American remake .
You 'll be happier with the film if you do n't expect fidelity to source material , but that does n't mean you 'll hate it if you loved Niels Arden Oplev 's movie .
As played by Mara , Lisbeth is the ultimate badass ; a formidable force of hyperintellect and raging sexuality .
... if you love these books , then consider this a Christmas present .
A bracing and completely absorbing thriller .
Another piece of brilliant filmmaking by Fincher that along with Se7en and Zodiac form the definitive box set exemplifying the perfect crime investigation trilogy .
The most handsome funeral procession ever mounted -- which is , in the end , better than feeling like you 're the corpse lying inside the coffin .
This is a bleak but mesmerizing piece of filmmaking ; it offers a glancing , chilled view of a world in which brief moments of loyalty flicker between repeated acts of betrayal .
Hollywood 's motivation for trying to cash in on a hot title is clear . It 's not so easy to divine -LSB- David -RSB- Fincher 's reasons for signing on .

@highlight

Brutal yet captivating , The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo is the result of David Fincher working at his lurid best with total role commitment from star Rooney Mara .