It 's hard to conceive of how the film could make its argument any worse if D'Souza was deliberately attempting to overthrow the Republican Party from within .
Earns unintentional laughs time and again , but at a certain point it stops being funny and becomes offensive instead , frightening in its constitutional debasement and exploitative sideshow spectacle . It could n't be any more un-American if it tried .
If you do n't like Hillary Clinton , you 'll find a lot here to give you comfort , but there 's no way any intellectually honest critic could make the case that it 's a good movie .
... agitprop comedy at its most insane , surpassing even D'Souza 's previous screeds . D'Souza grasps at historical straws , stretching them to unflattering conclusions
Part documentary , part personal crusade , D'Souza vents his private animus with disturbing results . It 's not that he 's wrong in voicing concerns about Hillary Clinton , it 's that his argument did n't need to be so ostentatious to make the case .
When it comes to American history , the only real lesson D'Souza takes to heart is from P.T. Barnum -- '' `` There 's a sucker born every minute . ''
This thing is madness .
If your conservative uncle 's forwarded emails were a movie , they would be Hillary 's America : The Secret History of the Democratic Party , a dull grab-bag of stale talking points and wildly revisionist history .
Does n't even qualify as effectively executed propaganda .
This content ... will be familiar to anyone who 's examined a right-wing website .
D'Souza manipulates viewers ' passions while telling them who to blame for their bile .
D'Souza lets scenes drag , jumping through history in ways that quash any sense of discovery and creating an overall sense of boredom .
This is an embarrassment to propaganda films .
Arguing that those with different beliefs are evil , corrupt , and aggressively un-American is really the most un-American position one can take .
A series of conspiratorial talking points familiar to Breitbart-oriented readers , but reshuffled in a new , startlingly illogical order .
Ironically right winger D'Souza in his actually not so secret hit on Hillary now peppering the Internet as well , may send audiences in the opposite direction left - to Jill Stein . While never answering one pressing question - Who funded your pricey movie .
It 's ` The Room ' of political cinema - a movie so jam-packed with uniquely ridiculous crap -LRB- and worse acting -RRB- that you 'll need an after-sex cigarette to recover .
Anti-Democrat docu has strong political agenda ; violence .
A profound failure of unprecedented proportions . An embarrassment for Republicans , Americans , and pretty much the rest of humankind .
To pick a fight with a filmmaker like Dinesh D'Souza , or a film like Hillary 's America : The Secret History of the Democratic Party , is to give the two respective burning trash fires more credit than either warrants .
The cinematic equivalent of a drunk man at a sports bar sucking back whole jalapeño peppers hoping for applause without ever being dared .
A searing , powerful and persuasive exposé . Consider it your patriotic duty to see it ! You 'll never look at Hillary Clinton the same way again .
The film is an incoherent and aesthetically barren harangue masquerading as a revisionist history lesson .
`` Hillary 's America '' is n't designed to stand up to skepticism . It 's not intended to convince or to provoke thought , but to confirm the biases its intended audience already holds .
Cheesier than a Kraft Singles truck but half as subtle , Dinesh D'Souza 's documentary `` Hillary 's America : The Secret History of the Democratic Party '' is an attack on all things Democratic whose many valid points get buried under bluster .
A piece of ahistorical liberal-bashing that slides from propaganda to paranoia .
Little more than an extended version of the kind of political screeds that can be found online with only a minimum of effort , this is just a terrible movie .

@highlight

Hillary 's America : The Secret History of the Democratic Party finds Dinesh D'Souza once again preaching to the right-wing choir -- albeit less effectively than ever .