What did we do to deserve these grief-counselor filmmakers ? They seem to think they can express something that we can not , and they 're so persistent . It 's enough to make us want to run away from home .
Ultimately devolves into a Crime and Punishment-esque moral exercise , with heavy-handed social commentaries and a rough ending that left me with a bad taste in my mouth .
Reservation Road , where the event central to this story takes place , is a symbolic crossroads for two families in this engaging drama about a hit and run accident and its aftermath .
Would-be screenwriters are advised to catch Reservation Road on cable as it provides an object lesson of three awful script clichés that are to be avoided at all costs .
Um drama barato e maniqueísta que apela para truques narrativos rasos a fim de arrancar lágrimas do espectador e , assim , comprovar o próprio valor .
The filmmaker , whether in Rwanda or here at home , admirably weighs the difficult convictions and facile frailties of human nature , and those conflicting impulses towards cowardice and revenge or a far more arduous courage and honor , on a troubled planet .
prospathei na piasei ligo ap ' ola , alla kataligei na min ehei kanenan sygkekrimeno stoho katholoy , i toylahiston kanenan sygkekrimeno poy na mporei na moirastei olokliromena mazi soy
George 's thriller reveals itself to be nothing more than a by the numbers melodrama that 's only saved by the excellent performances ...
A disappointing drama featuring paper thin female characters is rescued only by a superb performance from Mark Ruffalo .
George sustains this lightweight soap opera with the predictable pap of a Lifetime channel movie ... this particular Road is certainly under construction .
It 's a gripping enough subject matter that is n't exactly given an engaging or focused enough screenplay to be as powerful as it so desperately strives for .
A good psychological and moral drama .
The pileup of coincidences makes this film inevitably seem like a car wreck ... .
fodder more suitable for a moralistic made-for-TV `` after school special ''
What starts as a sensitive , involving drama about grief and guilt annoyingly degenerates into a trite thriller .
In Reservation Road , a clanking melodrama in which men suffer loss , grief , and guilt .
With a cast like Phoenix , Ruffalo and Connelly , you know you 're in for , at the very least , some compelling performances -- a fact that thankfully saves Reservation Road from utter banality .
The bulk of the movie rings false .
Rather than just another one-dimensional they-made-me-a-vigilante movie , this is , um , just another two-dimensional trudge of solemnity , delicately extracted from only the best stock of irritatingly respectable literary fiction .
Adds nothing new or fresh to our understanding of how individuals cope with the sudden and tragic death of a loved one .
When Reservation Road sticks to the dramatic gut , it is a deeply moving and penetrating study in human frailty .
Reservation Road was a fine book , but it should have stayed on the page .
The film moves from dark to dispiriting and back to dark .
Despite its contrivances , Reservation Road is moving at times , and that 's largely due to the skill of its cast .
Has the makings of a seething human drama yet somehow fails to move us in the manner everybody involved clearly intended .
It starts with devastation and closes , after a few reels of narrative dithering , with a climax of hairpin emotional turns and indisputable power .
With a cast as good as this one , you 're willing to look past the occasional glaring improbability .
The script is overloaded with plot contrivances and eye-rolling coincidences that would n't happen in the smallest of small towns .
-LSB- T -RSB- o quote many other fathers , including my own , I 'm not mad at Reservation Road , I 'm just disappointed in it .
A film of distinguished performances that rise above a coincidence-riddled and perfunctory screenplay -- without redeeming it .
Reservation Road is a car wreck of a movie about an auto accident . It 's designed as a psychological suspense film , but every character development and plot twist can be seen far in advance . It 's a mystery with no guessing .
An exercise in frustration and wasted opportunities .
It 's hopelessly and ridiculously contrived . There are things here that make some of the plotting in your average Scooby-Doo episode seem more plausible .
Heartbreaking melodrama is too heavy for kids .
-LSB- P -RSB- owerful and pitiful performances ... make it a must-see for fans of stars Joaquin Phoenix and Mark Ruffalo ...
This is kind of a terrible movie with some really talented people .
But the family 's suffering in Reservation Road is nothing compared to what the audience is put through in this painfully contrived drama .
It 's the conflict between these two fathers that makes this worth a look .
Reservation Road is all about the darkness that lurks in the hearts of men , and although it 's dark in there , all right , the power of redemption is always a possibility . This dour , ponderous picture just ca n't show the way .
The major failure here is fear of the very emotions the movie purports to be about .
If you 're a fan of strong acting performances , you really should grab the Kleenex and take the trip
A powerful human drama that rips into you like a hurricane . Suspenseful , emotional and completely engrossing throughout .
These actors are far too good for this material . The problem lies with the script , which relies on lazy manipulation to advance the plot .
You know exactly where the story is going , and , dang , that 's exactly where it goes .
Unfortunately , the film grows contrived .
It 's hard to watch two fine actors working themselves into a lather for so little reward -- manifest emotional turmoil notwithstanding , the way their dovetailing emotional crises play out is aridly schematic .
Original and gripping .
... You resent the manipulative mechanics of the story .
A hit-and-miss drama .
A deadly earnest and deadly dull psychological thriller .
There 's a problem when you make a film so dark that Hotel Rwanda looks like a crowd-pleaser -- especially when the story asks filmgoers to leave their reasoning skills at home .
There is the squishy tension of a problem drama gone soft .
... About as silly as a Curb Your Enthusiasm episode .
Director Terry George tells this painful and complicated story well .
All of them -LSB- the cast -RSB- dazed with Oscarlust , are n't in on the joke they 're telling .
Unrelentingly bleak , the movie is nonetheless a riveting drama with some outstanding performances ...
Grief has rarely seemed so ordinary .
Painful but illuminating .
Reservation Road may be a downer story with elements that we 've seen many times before . But acting this good makes it special and exhilarating .
Reservation Road is built as a thriller , but a thriller of the emotions .
For all of the roiling emotion , it feels oddly flat , distant and one-dimensional .
The film 's biggest emotional wallop comes in the first few minutes , always a bad sign .
In the elegaic , beautifully acted Reservation Road , both -LSB- Phoenix and Ruffalo -RSB- are trying to find a path toward wholeness and each will need the other to find it .
The real problem with this movie is n't its trashy side . It 's the creepy note of causal judgment that hangs over it concerning the potential nightmare of parental visitation and enforcer ex-wives .
A thoughtful and often compelling drama about grief , anger and revenge ...
In the Bedroom redux , but squishier and stupider .
A semi-absorbing but ultimately tiresome waiting game .
Conventional in its storytelling and far less effective for the effort , but -LSB- Ruffalo 's -RSB- performance often overshadows his Oscar-nominated castmates .
The tears and the blame mix uneasily in Reservation Road , a grim , mechanistic thriller about death and suffering , life and healing among the civilized .
Such TV-movie style set-ups may have worked better in the original novel , but on the silver screen play as an eye-rolling chore .
It 's a thundering character drama that charges headfirst into issues of responsibility and loss , permitting 100 minutes of screentime to stew in nerve-wracking declarations of pain .
This could have been a crackerjack paranoid thriller of the Fritz Lang school , but director Terry George is more interested in making a prestige picture , full of yelling and crying .
Mark Ruffalo is an awesome weasel .
Even more than its lame dissection of white grief , Road has no moments of actual tension for a film that has been called , in many publications , a thriller .
In the end , if the movie connects with you on an emotional level than it is easy to enjoy even with its ample shortcomings .
Centered around coincidences so extraordinary they pull me out of the film .
Even the best actors -- and I 'd rank Joaquin Phoenix and Mark Ruffalo among their generation 's finest -- ca n't save a movie that aims for tragedy but stalls at soap opera .
It 's a relentlessly downbeat , well-acted melodrama that 's easy to admire , but intentionally impossible to enjoy .
But nuanced performances and an understated screenplay make it clear that these connections are here to underscore the way that that all of the relationships that define us are just a small part of the larger patterns that contain and sustain us all .
The film demands to be taken as a prestigious Oscar hopeful , but the material just does n't have that level of potency ; it 's more akin to a slick but forgettable made-for-TV effort .
-LSB- Mark -RSB- Ruffalo ... is the only thing that saves Reservation Road from being utterly forgettable .
Reservation Road is one of those movies where the characters suffer early and often .
Something 's missing , and it 's the question of whether any prison sentence can ever be as painful as living with guilt , its own form of inescapable punishment .
An arduous melodrama set in a high-tax-bracket corner of Connecticut .
All performances are first-rate , particularly those of Ruffalo and Phoenix .
Undoubtedly a sincere film , but ... feels like a movie that 's escaped from the Lifetime Network .
The best efforts of the performers can not authenticate a plot that no longer feels inevitable . It feels contrived . And the audience stays at a remove instead of entering someone else 's nightmare .
Reservation Road leads audiences on an hour and forty minute ride to nowhere special .
Extremely well acted , admirably evenhanded , and wholly respectful of a subject that could easily devolve into Lifetime-channel schmaltz . It just fails to make much of an impression .
This movie probes your inner conscience without losing sight of its breathless entertainment value .
Bad things happen and terrible choices are made in the very sad , very nerve-racking , very good melodrama Reservation Road .
Reservation Road is in the familiar suburban terror genre but Joaquin Pheonix and Mark Ruffalo give it emotionally credible nuances .
A flawed presentation of compelling material and intriguing characters .
. A long overdue showdown between the distraught father and his son 's killer set the climax , leaving the movie an overlong and threadbare exercise in stagnate motivations of should , would and ca n't .
Never cloys about the grief process .
Though the story comes across as merely heightened TV fare , stellar acting by Joaquin Phoenix and Mark Ruffalo keep us in suspense .
George 's heart is in the right place , but his storytelling skills and narrative logic are not , resulting in another incoherent film unable to decide whether it 's a thriller , family melodrama about loss or revenge actioner .
It just never finds a clear idea to work .
It makes for moments of suspense and drama , but the over-elaboration produces an exhaustion level that dissipates engagement with the moral question being mined for meaning .
There are some really nice quiet moments , but George generally opts for the screaming and the uncontrollable sobbing one might think need accompany a film with Oscar aspirations .
The film gets caught somewhere between domestic weep-athon and revenge melodrama .
A dramatic situation that should be wrenching is mostly tedious in Reservation Road .
Falls curiously flat , partially because that thriller aspect feels false .
Phoenix and Ruffalo probably signed on to Reservation thinking that parts this good were few and far between ; they were right , and watching the two of them at work is the greatest pleasure Reservation Road has to offer .
... while the film is consistently entertaining , it never quite packs the emotional wallop that one might 've hoped for ...








@highlight

While the performances are fine , Reservation Road quickly adopts an excessively maudlin tone along with highly improbable plot turns .