Douglas brings a preening , nervous energy to a performance that may well prove to be the best of his career ...
Behind The Candelabra does n't end happily and does n't always hold our attention but it 's a fascinating reminder of an extraordinary , larger-than-life character who seems recent but who , without this , would already be fast disappearing from memory .
... a saga that somehow manages to synthesize a satisfyingly salacious showbiz tell-all , a decidedly toxic gay romance , and a cautionary parable about the possibilities and limitations of the flesh .
Light but not slight , it is ultimately tender and sensationally acted , with both stars giving career-topping turns .
If his private fishbowl was constricting , Liberace countered it by the magnificence of his stage persona , the showmanship outweighing the secrecy .
As deeply entertaining and creative as it is socially enlightening .
Douglas seems to be having fun playing such a flaming swishy character and hams it up .
Douglas made his name playing powerful , morally questionable men , and this is a clever addition to the canon .
Michael Douglas transforms himself into the Las Vegas entertainer with style and , most of all , believability . Liberace was larger-than-life to say the least , and it would be easy to go the SNL route with a character by painting him with broad strokes .
Soderbergh and LaGravenese go deep beneath this voyeuristic fascination with wealth , fame , and the secret lives of celebrities .
One of -LSB- Soderbergh 's -RSB- strengths is in the way he subverts traditional narratives and finds interesting moments that other directors would n't think twice about .
Crammed with garish decor , wild costumes and some unapologetically affected central performances , the final chapter in the life of flamboyant pianist Liberace gets a feisty , full-bodied treatment here .
With a lovely musical score by Marvin Hamlisch and Douglas and Damon perfectly comfortable with , you know , the gay thing , this is less surprising in its depiction of Liberace as a rampant queen than its authorised view of him as a complete bastard .
Michael Douglas turns in a charming performance as Liberace .
Behind the Candelabra is a fascinating peek into the secret life of an icon ; the sad -LRB- reportedly -RRB- last hurrah of a cinematic maverick and proof that Douglas and Damon are fabulous .
The production design is terrific , revelling not just in period detail but in all of Liberace 's excesses , and , typically , Soderbergh 's camera and use of music are never anything other than top notch .
Soderbergh 's masterstroke is how well he takes the audience on the journey of initially finding Liberace 's world absurd and comedic , to ultimately feeling empathy for him .
It 's ultimately a story about the power imbalances in relationships , and the quietly devastating way that couples can build one another up , only to tear each other down .
Its raison d'etre is a terrifically spirited performance from Hollywood 's most heterosexual of Lotharios , Michael Douglas , aided and abetted by Damon and Lowe .
The screenplay 's ability to keep us engaged and involved that the opulence loses its lustre and the things that matter in life rise to the top
In the hands of a lesser filmmaker , this is a project that might have gone terribly wrong , but ranking high on the entertainment meter , it smacks of authenticity , has pizzazz , humour , poignancy and above all , heart
Fearless and fabulous
As fabulous as it should be and not a jot more or less .
Excellent performances by Douglas and Damon highlight this tale of love and need .
It 's the best skewering and celebration of celebrity I 've seen in some time . Televisual origins be damned : this is one of the year 's best movies .
Vivid romance between over-the-top men has drugs and sex .
... a glitzy , glamorous pseudo biopic which plays like a legitimate love story more than a tantalizing tell all , and as swansongs go , it 's sensational .
Soderbergh exposes Liberace 's subterfuge with knowing winks to the fact that if the performer were alive today , he 'd be here , he 'd be queer and we 'd all be used to it .
Soderbergh , LaGravenese and Douglas view Liberace with affection and admiration in their genital-warts-and-all portrait .
There 's a lot more behind the candelabra than hot tubs and scalp glue .
A mixture of extraordinary humour , fluent directing and edge-of-seat performances
This biopic about the pianist-showman Liberace may look almost painfully camp , and sometimes it is , but it 's also a remarkably honest depiction of an intimate relationship .
Perhaps Behind the Candelabra lacks depth of focus but nobody could complain of any lack of pure , unadulterated entertainment value .
It 's a cautionary tale but not a preachy one , told with affection and sympathy courtesy of Richard LaGravenese 's intelligent , humorous and concise screenplay .
What lasts longest in the mind is not the film 's bold gay love scenes but its affectionate tip of the hat to a great , unapologetic American eccentric .
Regardless of the story 's degree of historical accuracy , no doom-laden celebrity biopic has ever featured so much salacious fun . Nor has there been a film quite this entertaining all year .
Made for TV usually means ` not good enough for the cinema ' . Here 's the exception .
If showbusiness is the business of showing off , nobody did it better than Liberace .
Michael Douglas dazzles as Liberace , hard to imagine a more dynamic screen performance this year . Can this really be the hard nosed heart-throb who played Gordon Gecko ?
While everything looks splendid , the film engages less the longer it goes on . True story or no , the final act treads very familiar territory .
Part of the magic in Soderbergh 's thoroughly entertaining biopic on the life of flamboyant piano virtuoso Liberace comes from the way it strives to be as free-spirited , wily and simply irresistible as its subject .
Douglas is truly arresting as Liberace ; complex yet childishly simple . He flounces around in fur and rhinestones , but behind all that - and the candelabra on his piano - he is clearly lonely and , in a way , a stranger to himself .
Amongst the sequins and sass , Soderbergh finds a tenderness that has sometimes been missing in his films .
It 's both a romp and uncomfortably real .
Douglas is simply brilliant here . It 's far more than an impression - he simply disappears into the role of the troubled showman .
Douglas and Damon perfectly navigate the entire lifespan of a relationship from giddy freshness to screaming fights .
Every scene of Soderbergh 's film is sprinkled in sequin dust , topped by a finale that Liberace himself might have enjoyed .
Douglas pulls out all the stops while - somehow - avoiding caricature in a glittering celebrity portrait . If Soderbergh 's swansong does n't always mine great depths , it gives fabulous surface .
Who 'd have thought Michael Douglas and Matt Damon would make such an astonishing , convincing on-screen couple ? Steven Soderbergh , that 's who ...
Balancing the borderline insane personality of Liberace with the intimate truth of the story told in Steven Soderbergh 's Behind the Candleabra ... is this remarkable film 's greatest strength .
A tremendous achievement for all involved .
Much more than a biopic about Liberace , this expertly assembled film recounts a true love story in a way we rarely see on-screen : with honest humour , real feeling and startling insight .
Although a glacial pace ultimately undermines the passions of the characters , the picture does supply tangy performances from stars Michael Douglas and Matt Damon , who sink their teeth into the unsavory business of love gone wrong .
Witty , briskly paced and consistently entertaining .
Miraculously avoiding caricature and only going as camp as necessary , Douglas makes Liberace something of a sympathetic monster .
Buffed to a typical HBO high gloss , Candelabra is a visual feast . It shines brightest in those moments where it captures the rhythms of a relationship in its first blush of affection and its seemingly inevitable collapse .
No one saves face in director Steven Soderbergh 's ghoulishly entertaining , opulently produced Behind the Candelabra , HBO 's grandest , gaudiest and most fascinating movie in quite a long while .
The stunning and quite intimate performances by Michael Douglas and Matt Damon are award-worthy .
If the script can at times seem slight , Douglas and Damon are
superb .
The story is told less as a cause-and-effect narrative than as a collection of incidents that add up to something with a crushing emotional weight .
Steven Soderbergh 's final film Behind the Candelabra is a spectacular portrait of the relationship between the famed pianist Liberace and his lover Scott Thorson .
Thematic kin to Clint Eastwood 's terrific J. Edgar , Behind the Candelabra is powerful , funny , and emotionally rigorous , and though it might act as a fiery and forceful resignation , it also serves as an uncommonly heartfelt Dear John letter .
Terrific performances make it a movie worth seeing .
This is one of the strangest and strongest TV movies in memory .
Soderbergh takes something as hoary as a celebrity biopic and turns it into a magnificent opus composed of bold overtures and brassy melodies - all punctuated by the saddest of codas .
If this really is the end of the road for Soderbergh , then what a class act to finish on .
All the joy , hurt and anger of any great cinema romance .
The story as told is just too depressing , too empty and , most of all , too dead and gone .
Director Steven Soderbergh 's dramedy features great performances by Michael Douglas and Matt Damon in the story of entertainer Liberace and his longtime lover .
Soderbergh is clearly captivated , as are we all , by the rot underlying the glitz , but even with Douglas ' nuanced performance , the film simplifies too many things .
Behind the Candelabra is n't a smear job , but it 's not a revelation , either .
Whether the biopic Behind the Candelabra ends up being a swan song for director Steven Soderbergh or merely the last entry in one phase of a long career , it 's an impressive work .
There 's never a sense Douglas or director Steven Soderbergh is after a caricature , but there 's still the sense that we sometimes get one .
Douglas manages to take a real-life cartoon character and make him into a sometimes kind , often cruel , real person .
The glitter and kitsch , and jaw-dropping performances by Michael Douglas as the middle-age Liberace and Matt Damon as his much younger boy-toy Scott Thorson , make this a wild ride without compare .
A film that could have been so very bad turns out to be pretty mah-velous .
Love stories have n't been a big focus in his -LSB- Soderbergh -RSB- work . But , if it is his final movie , it 's worth noting that this is one of his warmest .
Candelabra shines a light on things that might have occurred , but it never quite illuminates them .
Douglas is more than acceptable , but Damon has made an unforgettable character . Scott Thorson is unknown and he comes out of the dark as the story that needs to be told .
It 's rare that I hate an HBO movie , but it 's been a long time since I loved one . Until now .
Behind the Candelabra does n't quite fit into the biopic genre - simply because it is so good .
Even though the film 's tagline is `` Too much of a good thing is wonderful , '' for Soderbergh , it winds up being just pretty good .
A film that pays tribute to a complex personality , a genuinely talented entertainer and a very different age from today .
As well as a touching and tough-minded love story , Behind the Candelabra is a sympathetic study of a man defiantly resisting his own significance .
Behind the Candelabra is great fun , and even though the production and costume design are heavy on mirrors , gilt furniture , and sequins , it stops short of being kitschy .
All involved-you especially , Mr. Soderbergh-take a bow .
Douglas does n't just mimic Liberace 's mannerisms . He transforms the quiet moments into an affecting portrait of a performer whose time in the spotlight is ending .
An absorbing production that is morbidly fascinating from start to finish .
-LSB- Soderbergh 's -RSB- total avoidance of camp and his deeply sympathetic treatment of both major characters is a way ... to make Liberace and Thorson people , not stereotypes .
Half the fun of Behind the Candelabra is watching these two Hollywood heavyweights deftly tackle roles that could have been career-enders not that long ago .
Hugely entertaining , the film walks the line between hilarious kitsch & character study . Douglas ' performance is brilliant , sympathetic , an act of impeccable mimicry & depth .
The rampantly heterosexual Douglas might seem a stretch as Liberace , but from that first moment on the Vegas stage he nails the character , which quickly transcends mimicry for sympathetic evocation .
The performances by Michael Douglas and Matt Damon are wonderful . The fug of jealousy and drug-fuelled paranoia is very well maintained .
Michael Douglas plays Liberace to perfection , wrestling away from early suspicions that his performance is a fur coat and no knickers caricature , to add layers to the flamboyant icon beyond the skin-deep persona and the rampant sexuality .
The film feels like an epic biopic , with so much detail , humour and emotion crammed in .
This is luxury cinema in the lucid Soderberghian style . His analytical camera turns Liberace 's Vegas mansion , with its golden furnishings and marble columns , into a terrifying mirror-hall of opulence : a place where guilt has somehow morphed into gilt .
As a black comedy , and as a portrait of celebrity loneliness , Behind the Candelabra is very stylish and effective , and Damon and Douglas give supremely entertaining performances .
Odds are you wo n't be able to take your eyes off director Steven Soderbergh 's luridly entertaining peek into the relationship between legendary pianist Liberace and his much younger lover , Scott Thorson .
The lifestyles of the rich , famous and queer get a provocative examination in Steven Soderbergh 's ` Behind the Candelabra . '

@highlight

Affectionate without sacrificing honesty , Behind the Candelabra couples award-worthy performances from Michael Douglas and Matt Damon with some typically sharp direction from Steven Soderbergh .