director Parvez Sharma sets out across the world to find out what it means to be gay and Muslim . In most cases , it means trouble .
A poignant and sobering depiction of the struggle of gay Muslims in 12 countries to reconcile their sexual orientation with their faith .
Covering more than half a dozen countries , Sharma stretches himself too thin , and as a result the documentary seems sketchy ; he would have done well to present on-screen some of the background information in his production notes .
Parvez Sharma 's documentary , `` A Jihad for Love '' , traces heartening , harrowing stories of Muslim gay men and lesbians .
For all the research , courage and passion that went into it , the movie is sometimes curiously one-note .
It is presented as an inside view of the issue , but bears the judgmental stamp of the outsider , almost to the point of cultural exploitation .
With each familiar story , you wish Sharma dug a little deeper into the issue . Still , his message conveys .
-LSB- Director Sharma 's -RSB- focus on religion and this particular religion 's all but certain hostility to same-sex love means there can be no answers to the spiritual searching of many of his characters .
To be called a monster and then be stoned to death is pretty much as bad as it can get .
Often fascinating and provocative , although , as a film , it feels a bit long and somewhat repetitive .
Had Sharma dug deeper , the documentary would be more compelling
The filmmaker and his subjects are to be commended for their honesty , yet there 's an overwhelming sameness to their stories that impedes the film 's dramatic value .
A Jihad for Love is a courageous documentary on the plight of gays in the Muslim world , and it reveals how the devout attempt to reconcile their sexual orientation and their faith .
The film is propelled by tales of Muslims wrestling with their faith and sexual identity .
As compelling in its way as Daniel Karslake 's For the Bible Tells Me So .
For various reasons , many of the subjects are interviewed with their faces blurred or hidden , understandably preserving anonymity but maintaining a distance that 's unfortunate .
While there is much to admire among the subjects of A Jihad for Love , the film itself is a low-grade production that risks losing the viewer with an unimaginative sequence of talking heads .
More than the question of whether the mainstream religions can ever accept homosexuality , Jihad For Love shines a light on religious devotion , a powerful thing for some , even in the face of persecution and death .
-LSB- An -RSB- important but rudderless documentary .
The Muslims here feel bound up in an internal battle -LRB- the primary meaning of jihad -RRB- as they try to make peace between divine and earthly loves . What 's lacking are deeper , more involved ruminations on such feelings , reconciliations and self-recriminations .
Makes an invaluable contribution by recording the names , faces , and stories of gay men and women struggling to reconcile their religion with their sexuality .
Parvez Sharma shares the fundamentalist Muslim perspective , which will look depressingly familiar to anyone who has seen the other films .
The accounts are powerful , but so many of the interviewees ' faces are blurred to preserve their anonymity that it feels like you 're watching A Jihad for Love through a shower curtain .
Properly promoted , the honest humanity of this festival fave has the potential to attract crossover crowds .
As it examines the point where sexuality and Islam meet in seven very different cultures , the film becomes far more universal than we expect .
A powerful , important documentary .
A Jihad for Love is a dispatch from the outer limits of marginalization : a documentary on devout Muslims struggling with their homosexuality .
The movie leaves open a provocative question : If you pick and choose which tenets of a religion apply to you , is it still a religion ?
A much-needed reminder that the foundation for any great religion is love and tolerance .
Perhaps carving enough space for the previously unheard voices of Muslim gays to speak is enough to ask of this socially groundbreaking work .
Parvez Sharma 's brave documentary about homosexuality in the Muslim world presents a brutally honest , eye-opening look at gay and lesbian individuals who continue to practice their religion , despite its blunt , often violent rejection of their orientation .


@highlight

This powerful documentary explores an important subject -- homosexuality in the Muslim world -- with humanity and courage .