This is directed by Barry Levinson , but anyone hoping for another Good Morning , Vietnam will be disappointed , despite the occasional brilliant flash of deadpan Murray and the fact that it is inspired by a true story .
It 's tone deaf at best and offensive imperialism at worst . Rock the Kasbah is revolting on every level .
It 's hard to believe that Bill Murray can be annoying .
Barry Levinson 's straggly sort-of-comedy is staggeringly misconceived .
You do n't want to see Rock the Kasbah . If you do , you 're reading the wrong newspaper .
Afghans in this movie are for the most part either barbaric or stupid ... sometimes both .
The biggest shock in a film that utilised every stereotype and cliché in the book is that The Clash 's Rock The Kasbah does n't feature . It could only have improved things .
Murray 's performance really is one of very few saving graces in this truly underwhelming piece of cinema .
Murray is entertaining but the plot seems entirely arbitrary with characters such as Kate Hudson 's happy hooker Merci popping up without much rhyme or reason . A real disappointment .
A dog 's dinner of a movie which not even the usually reliable Bill Murray can raise above the level of confused , cliched claptrap .
Barry Levinson 's film , loosely inspired by the true story of reality TV show Afghan Star , comes at its subject matter from entirely the wrong direction .
It 's a strangely lacklustre film that 's happy to plonk Murray in a vaguely interesting crisis situation -- in this case , war-torn Afghanistan -- and just hope for the best .
Unfunny , and also casually offensive .
It 's neither funny nor feelgood , but its biggest crime is wasting Murray , left trying to mine laughs from unfunny circumstances .
A resounding misfire .
Singularly fails to charm - and even Murray 's on faltering form .
Murray has rarely been so charmless in a movie ...
On paper , this could have been excellent ; as it stands , it 's painful and futile for all involved .
Rock the Kasbah feels likes the pathetic last wheezes of the Baby Boomer Entitlement Project -LRB- Bro Division -RRB- .
Turns out , it 's ruinously hard to raise a smile at IEDs and arms deals gone awry , especially in a conflict that 's still raging . No doubt it 's meant to be satire , but it feels like profiteering .
Leaving aside the galloping misogyny , ` Rock the Kasbah ' just is n't remotely funny or smart .
Bill Murray is everything in this movie ... sadly it 's not enough . A weird and failed movie . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An interesting cast and premise that feels like a missed opportunity . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
We stand before a lazy piece of work that includes well established actors and avoids totally ridiculing itself because of its protagonist , Bruce Willis being tough , Kate Hudson showing off her beauty and an excellent soundtrack . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Rock the Kasbah hides a much more predictable and tedious story of redemption . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A strange and relaxed film that feels like the Levinson of the good old days . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
There is music , the laughs are far and few between and character development is just about nil , but hey , it 's Bill Murray and his fans love him .
In form and content , plotting and politics , the film is egregiously disguised as a smug , inspirational piece , but in reality , it is the cinematic equivalent of being offered free hugs from Donald Trump .
Behold Bill Murray as the white savior barreling into a foreign land and teaching the ignorant natives how to be better people . Obnoxious and tone deaf .
Rock the Kasbah is a piece of head-scratching bad , ugly business .
The first collaboration between the veteran Oscar-winning filmmaker Barry Levinson and legendary comedian Bill Murray yields a leaden political satire that does n't measure up to one 's great expectations .
Not every boomer sold out . A few hippies managed to survive middle age with their flower intact , and Hollywood loves to make movies about them because they are the unicorns of the grown-up world .
There are few things sadder in life than an unfunny Bill Murray movie . But that 's exactly what Rock the Kasbah is .
This film has no idea what tone it wants to strike ... none of the more sincere messages land because the film 's depiction of its middle eastern characters is grossly one note .
Silly , sluggish comedy that 's destined to be discarded .
Director Barry Levinson gives the movie a gritty veneer of realism and sun-baked menace , but Mitch Glazer 's script is limp , unconvincing and vaguely distasteful , even despicable-a facile fantasy of stardom among honor-killing savages .
The movie 's soundtrack and colorful cinematography ca n't smooth-talk itself past a mess of cultural insensitivities .
If Levinson were trying to capture the sentiment of his earlier film Good Morning , Vietnam , which successfully mixed comedy and war , Rock the Kasbah completely misses the mark .
For a film to render -LSB- Murray 's -RSB- presence grating is a rare thing indeed , but that 's what ends up happening here ...
Rock the Kasbah is riddled with plot holes , drags in the middle , and fails to understand how to properly develop its own characters . Bill Murray is as fantastic as ever , but even his amusing escapades ca n't save this sloppy embarrassment .
The film 's disregard for basic plot lucidity either stems from contempt for its audience , or from post-production decisions aimed at making something , anything , out of nothing
... has a solid premise and some quirky supporting characters to work with , but it 's not consistently funny nor is it sufficiently grounded in reality for the more heartwarming finale to resonate .
Consider the plight of Afghanistan : it has endured decades of internecine war , military occupation , and the complete absence of normalcy in the real world , and has to be rescued by an American pop industry has-been in the reel universe .
Rock the Kasbah is a lazy comedy and outdated political farce that wastes Bill Murray 's comedic talents .
It 's staggering to see the contortions a movie will go through to take a story about a non-white , non-American woman and make it about a white American guy .
I wanted to laugh hardily but I hardly cracked a smile and definitely did not have my Kasbah rocked .
The sillier scenes of Bill Murray traipsing through a dangerous part of the world are fun , but when the story tries to get at something more serious , it falls apart pretty quickly .
The best thing to do is to leave the theater , look the other way , and pretend it never happened .
As one-liner after one-liner misses its mark , you begin to feel sorry for Murray , who 's really too old to be playing a guy who has a little daughter ... and likes to get kinky with Kate Hudson as a raucous , Dolly Parton-style hooker-businesswoman .
Rock the Kasbah is not only a catastrophic miscalculation of comic tone . It 's an all-around dismal display of cinematic incompetence by scripter Mitch Glazer and director Barry Levinson , who ought to know better .
The Bill Murray magic just can not save this beautifully shot mess .
KASBAH is crap , an entirely forgettable role for a major comedic talent
It needs a smarter script . It needs at least two or three perfectly engineered , joke-after-joke sequences . It needs a smart director - did you really do `` Wag the Dog , '' Levinson ? - whose idea of political satire goes beyond freshman-year sarcasm .
I know I 'm in the minority about Bill Murray 's talent . He 's just not funny and this is the least funny work he 's done in a career full of not funny movies .
Shareef do n't like it and neither will you . -LRB- Full Content Review - Sex , Violence , Profanity , etc. - for Parents also available -RRB-
Fails to meet even the extremely low threshold of believability required for a screwball comedy .
Does anyone really need to see Bill Murray belting out a ha-ha-awful version of `` Smoke on the Water '' at this late date ?
Not Murray 's best and not Levinson 's either .
An acclaimed film director , a legendary comic actor , lots of fun rock and pop songs , and a noble story at its core ca n't save `` Rock the Kasbah '' from being one hugely misguided dud .
While the film 's basic premise is unusual and in parts interesting , it loses steam in the second half .
The first half is pure pleasure as Murray gets thoroughly immersed and enmeshed in Kabul crazy .
A lot of the actor 's usual mercurial charm is n't used to full effect and is actually tempered when it does n't feel like it should be .
Clichéd , enervating , insulting - it 's tough to settle on a single pejorative for `` Rock the Kasbah , '' though abysmal might do .
It 's hard to clinically define this as a `` good '' movie , but its merits as a fine and enjoyable one are certainly arguable .
Some projects are just too misguided for the star to mug and shrug his way out of . Consider Rock the Kasbah at the top , or the bottom , of that list .
An ongoing war is no setting for a musical comedy , especially one this glib and inane .
Bill Murray 's performance in Rock the Kasbah is akin to a man throwing life preservers and lowering lifeboats aboard a quickly sinking ship .
A debacle that suggests there 's nothing like some good old-fashioned American weaponry to solve the world 's problems .
Rock the Kasbah 's timing is so slack , and its screenplay so shapeless , that the movie does n't even rise to the level of an Afghan-war Stripes . It 's almost as laugh-free as the latest news from Kunduz .
Quite possibly -LSB- Murray 's -RSB- worst movie ever .
Rock the Kasbah , does not rock at all - not even a little bit .
If it were any worse , they 'd be screening it as evidence at The Hague .
Your enjoyment of all this will probably depend heavily on your willingness to let the words romp and Taliban coexist for approximately two hours .
a haphazard mess with little regard for logic or plotting . This is for Bill Murray completists only ... one must be a seriously invested viewer to find a chuckle here .
`` Kasbah '' plays like a comedy penned by Donald Rumsfeld .
`` Rock the Kasbah '' is the mausoleum where comedy was buried .
It fumbles a bit by prioritizing the goofy antics of its white cast over what turns out to be a smart depiction of non-Western life .
It 's a lovely message of tolerance , but it 's trampled by a script from producer/writer Mitch Glazer that emphasizes lunacy over logic and idiocy over emotion .
It 's a movie that 's half-over before it tells us what it 's really about .
There might be a decent movie in here somewhere , if the focus had been on the right character .
This dismal comedy , scripted by Murray 's old pal Mitch Glazer -LRB- Scrooged -RRB- , evinces only enough interest in Afghanis to keep the story rolling .
This movie is all over the place .
Almost entirely reliant on star Bill Murray to crank up his cocktail-hour charms and save the day while the production slumps from one scene to the next .
Rock the Kasbah goes fierce to quietly touching and back to funny again .
As the narrative weaves together heroism , anti-heroism , and casual villainies , Levinson build his movie the way Richie builds his business-on the power of relationships .
Murray completists -- I count myself among them -- will flock to it , but will probably come away disappointed at how not-weird this oddball film actually is .
Levinson never seems to know what to point his camera at , or when to cut , and Glazer never seems to know when to leave a joke alone and let the cast work .
A white-savior showbiz fable of a particularly dubious and retrograde variety .
Murray does his best to hold up the movie , but there 's only so much he can do . Ultimately , his latest fish out of water never makes it back upstream .
Its music-industry gags sit awkwardly next to war-zone jokes and cultural quips , landing all involved on a peace train to nowhere .
A comedy that 's openly afraid to seem too sincere or too mawkish , and does n't fully commit either to its comedy or its uplift . Like Murray , it 's wry and presented largely in air quotes , with an accompanying eye-roll .
A movie with one too many agendas-especially considering it is inspired by a real-life female singer who broke the gender barrier on the actual `` Afghan Star . ''
Quickly goes from fun to offensive .
Murray , idiosyncratic as always , dominates , but his performance ca n't save this misconceived mess .
The movie lumbers from dopey comedy to toothless satire to straight-faced social commentary to half-realized thriller , none of it particularly successful .
In the end , Rock the Kasbah is n't so much offensive as it is painfully boring .
Everyone loves Bill Murray , right ? So we can all agree the guy deserves better than Rock The Kasbah .
Acceptably uneven .
The movie wants to be both glib and emotionally resonant , but it ca n't seem to figure out what the stakes are -- even as people are getting shot .
The abrupt shift in Rock the Kasbah and the film 's need to redeem its main character , particularly in such grand fashion , is a stumbling block which it simply can not overcome .
A horribly misguided idea that never really gets off the ground yet still finds a way to crash-land , but even criticizing its obvious flaws misses the central , sad point : This movie has too much Bill Murray in it .
Extremely uneven , with a very artificial third act . However , Bill Murray 's performance and some good bits in the first half make it ultimately worth checking-out .
Rock the Kasbah never wrinkles out its speeches after wrenching them from its pockets , which elicits a jumbled tone that 's neither funny nor serious nor coherent .
Bill Murray is Bill Murray is Bill Murray in a comedy that 's little more than a schtick delivery system with some third-act personal growth thrown in for good measure .
Glazer , a Murray confidante who most notably worked with him on `` Scrooged '' , must secretly hate his friend for putting him through this mess .
Although no one comes off looking especially good , an acceptable alternate title for the film could be `` The Ugly Americans . ''
Incessantly bigoted views of a country and culture unfortunately comprise this unholy-and worse , unfunny-mess .
Bill Murray 's making broad , sloppy comedies again . That sounds like great news for fans who grew up on `` Meatballs '' and `` Stripes . '' It 's not .
Bill Murray heads to Afghanistan in director Barry Levinson 's dreadfully misguided farce .
A good/bad way of seeing Bill Murray at its worst . It 's him indulging in his laziest and most clueless tendencies , among them ignoring an obviously sloppy and dumb script that teems in Ugly Americanisms .
The first half is just not good , but it gives way in its second half to a movie that 's very worth seeing to a degree that at least comes close to cancelling out the wonky first half .
Murray , a funnyman who long ago lost his fastball , was foolish to entrust his `` comeback '' star-vehicle to screenwriter Mitch `` Scrooged '' Glazer , who never had a fastball .
Levinson seems to be aiming for an ironic tone that mixes political commentary with wry observations about the absurdity of stardom , but he shows little aptitude for the tricky mix he 's seeking .
Rock the Kasbah is n't horrible as much as it 's just horribly misguided .
The shareef wo n't like it , but can you blame him ? Rock the Kasbah is a dreadful excuse for a comedy that will make you question your faith in Bill Murray .
Rock the Kasbah morphs into a pretty implausible feel-good movie that 's nearly as maudlin as it is unconvincing .
The film quickly settles into a depressingly one-note groove as a culture-clashing circus act .
Murray is n't cute in this role , he 's just annoying , and that 's something he 's rarely been before .
For every moment of desert beauty , or insight into the twilight economies that flourish in a war zone , there 's a key scene that appears truncated or even missing .

@highlight

The Shareef do n't like Rock the Kasbah , and neither will viewers hoping for a film that manages to make effective use of Bill Murray 's knack for playing lovably anarchic losers .