The Bridge of San Luis Rey is a beautiful movie . The film 's shooting locations are exquisite . The sets are stunning . The costumes are gorgeous . The actors are superlative . Too bad the movie sucks .
Why do good actors pop up in bad movies ? More perplexingly , why do so many good actors end up in the same bad movie ?
How to turn an embarrassment of riches into an embarrassment , period .
leaves audience with the same unanswered question as the one asked by its narrator
the worst film of the year ... a fraud of the highest order
A wobbly Bridge . Impressive cast ca n't save terrible script .
As a director , McGuckian is overwhelmed by the immensity of her cast , and her misguided attempt to make a Hollywood epic on a European production budget .
It is an intense philosophical undertaking that examines questions of faith , fate and chance .
Best characterized as an honourable folly .
Audiences may wonder why a picture with Robert De Niro , Kathy Bates and Harvey Keitel would be so bereft of hype . After you 've endured the film , all 120 airless minutes , you 'll understand the rationale behind the quiet release .
An honorable but dull attempt to translate a neglected literary source to the screen .
How bad could a movie be that features talent as serious as Robert De Niro , Kathy Bates , Gabriel Byrne , Harvey Keitel , F. Murray Abraham and Geraldine Chaplin ? That bad , alas .
Though handsomely mounted , this parable of intersecting destinies and implacable tragedy is as lifeless as a wax tableau .
The Bridge of San Luis Rey raises an important philosophical question : Is it better to fall to one 's death from a rickety rope bridge overlooking a deep gorge or watch this miserable movie about several people sharing that awful fate ?
An endless powdered-wigs-and-feathered-pen slog .
So dully written and executed that you 'll be wishing the production had collapsed instead of the swaying bridge of San Luis Rey .
The Viceroy states that they are ` surrounded by an ocean of boredom ' - then you realize you 're swimming in it .
Even though director-adaptor Mary McGuckian expended much creative energy trying to pump original spirit into the characters , she never brings any of them to life .
None of the performances work .
Unlike the bridge , the movie unravels at a very slow pace .
The stellar cast can do little to paper over the cracks in an awkward , unevenly-paced script that is composed of a series of sometimes-attractive scenes with little emotional undertow .
Visually sumptuous but dramatically muddled and confusing , The Bridge of San Luis Rey ultimately comes across as a soporific costume drama featuring a gallery of miscast stars .
Whatever the intentions of novelist and filmmaker , having the audience root for the bridge probably was n't one of them .
Pedestrian ... a high-minded snoozer studded with stars who all seem almost perversely miscast and directed in a grimly deliberate style designed to italicize every point .

@highlight

Despite an all-star cast and some impressive visuals , The Bridge of San Luis Rey is a lifeless , slow-going adaptation of Thornton Wilder 's classic novel .