a nice choice for family movie night if you have kids who have n't yet reached their teens
The material is n't up to the level of the film 's lead , Abigail Breslin .
Foster proves adept at broad physical comedy , the animated sequences charm , and codirectors Mark Levin and Jennifer Flackett send up the make-believe Rover with panache .
Overplayed : there are entirely too many beaming smiles and emotional flip-outs ... the only reason to see this movie is Foster , whose overplaying somehow succeeds at charming where her costars fail . -LSB- Blu-Ray -RSB-
If you have a child , Nim 's Island is the kind of film you wo n't be sorry you shared with him or especially her , and if you do n't have a youngster , you 'll wish you did .
A more enjoyable saga of girl power than Breslin 's highly touted followup vehicle , ` Kit Kittredge . '
The first half is really cute and imaginative . Unfortunately , the second half is n't quite as good .
... the cast and the cute critters make up for the weaker elements and bring home a nice movie for the 5-11 age group .
An energetic but whisper thin south sea adventure that borrows heavily from Home Alone and Jewel of the Nile .
The movie gets plain silly , but at least it 's lively , and young girls will enjoy Nim 's lifestyle in her eco-friendly and frolic-packed tropical paradise .
for all the curiosity of seeing Foster in a rare comic rôle , her neurotic , tic-afflicted , accident-prone Alexandra annoys more than she engages , which is a problem for a character who contributes so little to the actual plot apart from diversion
There 's nothing very suspenseful going on ... but the cast and the story will appeal to both kids and adults .
here is in fact no actual villain or conflict or tension or fun , and let 's face it : we all know Jack will make it back safe and sound -LRB- sorry kids , but Wendy Or does n't have JK Rowling 's narrative cahoonas -RRB-
I found one vital piece of ` Nim 's Island ' to be ridiculous and the entirety to be only marginally successful .
... the promised adventure never quite materializes .
If your kids have been totally weaned on ADD-addled animated flicks that mostly coast on crude humor and instantly dated pop culture references , then this clearly is n't the film for them .
Strictly for kids .
Foster/Breslin provide warm/funny moments but the story sinks in the middle
Played for laughs , -LSB- Foster 's -RSB- neurotic tics become repetitious and more abrasive than humorous % u2014such as her addiction to Purell -LRB- hello , product placement ! -RRB- .
Plenty of things happen that adults will have to overlook and forget any reasoning because this is a movie aimed at kids , and on that point it delivers .
I have n't felt this embarrassed for a star since Robert DeNiro donned a tutu and did the can-can in Stardust .
It 's a wondrous and warmhearted adventure story with some nifty special effects and some first-rate performances .
Unabashedly , this is a family entertainment package made for the child in all of us . And one more thing : It 's fun . Lots of smart , if silly , escapism .
There 's a lot to like about spunky Breslin , even when she 's unnecessarily recapping events or recapitulating Home Alone as she chases caricatured cruise-ship tourists from her island . She 's a charismatic , energetic presence at the heart of the film
Despite its welcome emphasis on the heroism of two female characters , ` Nim 's Island ' is one of the most disappointing and disjointed films so far this year .
Based on Wendy Orr 's youthful feminized spin on Robinson Crusoe , `` Nim 's Island '' is a low-key adventure comedy for preteens that will touch the hearts of their gooey-eyed parents .
Over-written and awkwardly directed , it 's nevertheless family-friendly , complete with flying lizards and a flatulent sea lion .
Nim 's Island starts out with a dead mother , so it 's already got the makings of a family film classic .
Jodie ` Brave One ' Foster is still peeved , though now it 's less about what bad people do , than how icky their unsanitary their germs are . And she is n't half bad either doing a divine nitwit dining on worms or playing soccer with a coconut in the wilds .
A headache-inducing film that grows more obnoxious as it plays , but the most piercing element of the movie is Foster .
`` Nim 's Island '' is pure , unadulterated , escapist fantasy , the sort of roiling adventure film that kids will love but parents will simply have to endure .
Nim 's self-reliance and Alex 's journey to open herself up to the world are inspiring , even when the circumstances that get them there are lackluster .
There are some moments that might annoy anyone over the age of ten . But the target market of young kids should just enjoy the adventure .
Even the kids in the audience will feel a bit insulted by the dumbed-down dialogue and a bit cheated by the bargain-basement special effects .
Book-based tropical adventure is good family fun .
Nim 's Island is a win-win proposition : an entertaining , diverting adventure saga that offers excitement and a relatable heroine for children , and also will remind their parents of favorite classics from their own youth .
This Island is surrounded by warmth , suspense and good humor .
A sweet-natured family adventure film that should be quite popular with the grade-school girls at which it 's aimed .
Nim 's aquatic adventures and those on land provide the majority of thrills in this exhilarating and enchanting family picture . It 's the best I 've seen this year and highly recommended for girls and for boys , too .
Directed by Jennifer Flackett and Mark Levin , and adapted from a novel by Wendy Orr , Nim 's Island offers a nice message for kids and grown-ups : Be the hero of your own story , whether confronting a volcano or ` borderline agoraphobia . '
Jodie Foster is n't the first Oscar winner to be defeated by the deceptively simple demands of slapstick comedy . Only the most recent .
It 's worth spending 90 minutes on Nim 's Island . You just would n't want to get stranded there .
Nim 's Island never finds its focus , and there 's never a real sense of danger .
If only Nim 's hero were more original , and its story more concise .
Roughly what Romancing the Stone would have been like as a 1970s Disney flick had CGI been available , Nim 's Island is strictly for the 8-and-under crowd .
Just when the movie needs real girl power , it leaves its heroine stranded .
Nim 's Island is funny when it needs to be , serious when it 's required and fantastical throughout .
I 'm not sure what 's more depressing : seeing potential tween megastar Abigail Breslin underused or watching Jodie Foster clutching a Progresso soup can for dear life and smacking head-first into a tree .
A good idea and a great cast are wasted in Nim 's Island , a kiddie flick pitched to second-grade sensibilities that still manages to underestimate its audience .
The worst movie of Jodie Foster 's adult career , Nim 's Island is as big a mess as you might expect from a movie with four credited writers -LRB- which means there were probably more -RRB- and two directors , all at apparent cross-purposes .
Nim 's Island is a pleasant-enough jaunt for a family outing , but it never fully arrives at that ` perfect , secret world . '
Its characters , especially the youngest one , are engaging , and few adults are immune to childhood fantasies about secluded tropical isles .
The movie 's dated , stereotypical comedy often contradicts its wholesome intentions , coming across as laboriously cutesy and occasionally perverse .
There 's a stiff , constructed feel to Nim 's Island , a constant sense of assembly that keeps the film from ever feeling natural . And no matter how unbelievable a tale might be , it has to take on a reality of its own to work on the screen .
Audiences may find early scenes of father-daughter family life more engaging than the adventures that ensue , but this is a fairly successful attempt at a preteen-friendly entertainment .
The film 's an oddity -- an engaging , slightly overcooked fantasy about a castaway-island girl and the agoraphobic San Francisco novelist who comes to her rescue .
The movie is not particularly rewarding for adults or children who believe that even a tale of fantastic events should be governed by plausibility .
The filmmakers both pillory the tourism industry and lambaste families just out for a good time -- the same audience , I would think , for their movie .
Nim 's Island bogs down a bit in the midsection with a subplot that seems to be more about the `` do '' than the derring-do , but the oft-cited phrase about becoming the hero of one 's own story is a mantra that bears repetition .
If Nim 's Island were anything but a children 's movie , the casting genius who suggested Jodie Foster as a potential love interest for Gerard Butler would be looking for a new occupation .
This scenic adventure/comedy delivers exactly what it promises-from broad slapstick to exciting action that stops short of becoming too intense for its intended audience .
A scrappy and imaginative tale about a resourceful 11-year-old girl who learns how to become the hero in the story of her own life .
Racist fantasy is never a good start for a children 's film , or any film , for that matter .
More intimately scaled than a lot of other recent children 's book adaptations , the sweet-natured and light-hearted Nim 's Island nonetheless achieves a nice hold over its audience .
Jodie Foster returns to her kiddie film roots with the warm and whimsical Nim 's Island
Nim is n't a great role model , her preposterously selfish father even less so , and any parent that urges their child to emulate her probably should have their head examined .
I 'm not going to quibble too much with a harmless adventure flick meant for tween girls . Then again , I 'm not going to knock myself out recommending it , either .
... neither particularly fantastic nor adventurous .
For adults , a grueling exercise in patience and endurance , especially in watching actors that we know can do better lowering themselves to try to mold themselves into some fictitious kid-friendly formula .
The only wonder eventually elicited by Nim 's Island is of a mystified variety .
A children 's movie obviously straining to be magical that falls far short of the goal .
Nim 's Island is all too insular , lost in its own unique universe somewhere between Swiss Family Robinson and Joe vs. the Volcano .
Tweens , and particularly tween girls , will have a fine time cheering on the ever-resourceful Nim ...
Nim 's Island wants desperately to be Swiss Family Robinson , but it 's more like Swiss Miss. .
Despite its heart being in the right place , Nim 's Island is a strikingly far-fetched and cloying picture that tries way too hard to be alternately juvenile and bittersweet .
What kind of world do we live in when a massively talented actress like Jodie Foster becomes the comic relief character in a kid 's movie and is called upon to pretend to vomit -LRB- twice -RRB- ? It does n't ruin Nim 's Island , but it does n't help .
Good spirited , -LSB- but -RSB- rushed and clumsy .
devolves into a slapdash version of Home Alone on holiday
Some nice scenery , an unexpectedly funny performance by Jodie Foster and a unflaggingly spunky Abigail Breslin make for above average family entertainment .
Such an air of dumbness hovers over the movie , and it 's all played so broadly that nothing about it is remotely believable .
A slapdash amalgam of competing visual and storytelling styles , bizarre acting , egregious product placement -LRB- particularly for National Geographic -RRB- and negative stereotypes .
... an amalgamation of `` Romancing the Stone '' -LRB- writer leaves safe life to experience adventure -RRB- , `` Cloak & Dagger '' -LRB- same actor portrays father and literary hero -RRB- and `` Home Alone '' -LRB- kid fends off adult home invaders -RRB- .
This supposed adventure movie could use a little more wind in its sails .
There are some thrilling sequences , but it 's equally groan-inducing as well .
An eye-filling and heart-warming story
Even as the derivative roots of `` Nim 's Island '' are clearly visible , kids will no doubt vicariously enjoy Nim 's adventures and Edenic existence .
Directors Jennifer Flackett and Mark Levin deliver some eye-catching fantasy sequences in the early scenes , but the film grows more mundane and the tone more uneven as it goes on .
Keep your shirts on , ladies . You do n't need to rent a child to see this mildly diverting , if middling , adventure .
Can filmmakers no longer create true-to-life inspirational stories about people in extraordinary circumstances ?
Nim 's Island is a movie for kids who like to think and read and use their imagination , and for parents who may be tired of family fare that 's nothing but a litany of cutesy pop-culture references .
Nim 's Island is a picturesque adventure-comedy that quickly capsizes under the weight of its obnoxious slapstick , pedestrian dialogue and general unwillingness to rise above stock ideas and situations .
Parents and kids can find more real adventure in a Sunday afternoon trip around a mall parking lot .
Nim 's Island is an old-fashioned kids ' movie . Parents might find flaws , but the 12-and-younger set will find characters and a movie worth rooting for .
Walden 's family fantasy is an agreeable -LRB- but no more -RRB- digital-age version of the old classic novel .
Despite its formula and flaws -LRB- chief among them Foster 's sitcom-campy performance -RRB- , Nim 's Island is a perfectly pleasant , agreeably innocuous ` tweener adventure film .
Think of it as a safari tour for toddlers -- perfectly safe but without any of the legitimate thrills found in a real adventure .
So why does Nim 's Island feel so charmless and rote ? Perhaps it 's because the film feels like an amalgam of other movies ' plotlines .
Based on Wendy Orr 's children 's novel , Nim 's Island is the perfect family film , a congenial , heart-warming story whose endearing characters are a pleasure to join , as they journey to find the hero within .





@highlight

Despite good intentions , Nim 's Island flounders under an implausible storyline , simplistic stock characters , and distracting product placement .