This is a grim , gory , and unapologetically grungy piece of `` survival horror . '' I dug it .
Whereas most modern slasher films cut straight to the flesh-ripping for no purpose of art or psychological stimulation , Hostel marries them with skillful execution and , somehow , a relevant subtext .
A series of interesting ideas floating around a sea of blood
Roth is able to change the focus from frolicking raunchiness to extreme chilliness in a way that 's quite sobering .
A stern moralistic rebuke to ugly-Americanism . The movie is in-your-face but not pointlessly so .
This is routine Roth as usual . Homophobia , attempted nihilism , vapid writing , paper thin plot , and nonsensical all the way ...
Roth proves unable to control the tone of his premise , in the end pandering too much to the male adolescent audience that he at first seems to be satirising .
You are unlikely to find another contemporary American horror movie with as much intensity and style as this one .
The skill with which Eli Roth has constructed his film , especially its first 40 minutes , leads me to give it the benefit of the doubt . It 's creepy , gripping , horrifying stuff .
While there are some cheap thrills to be had here , much of the movie is profoundly boring .
Whether or not this kind of horror movie is your cup of tea , you have to at least admire Roth for the daring and creativity with which he illustrates that concept .
... no one is going to mistake `` Hostel '' for a travelogue , unless they are looking for a journey full of terror .
Hostel 's merely unpleasant and more than a little dumb .
A thoroughly intriguing twist on the horror genre .
The first act 's filler , otherwise it 's a squirmer . Bring a bucket .
Sadly , as with -LSB- director Eli -RSB- Roth 's promising but flawed debut feature , its central conceit is more compelling than what ended up on screen .
In the last act , it goes off the tracks a bit by becoming a silly revenge thriller , but otherwise it 's quite decent .
Ao apelar para nossos impulsos mais baixos -LRB- ainda que inegavelmente naturais -RRB- , adota uma postura niilista repulsiva .
Quienes busquen lo más parecido a una pesadilla a cambio del precio de una entrada , saldrán bastante satisfechos .
Hostel is depraved , sick and disgusting - which means teenagers should love it .
Eli Roth may not be re-defining the horror genre , but he has certainly infused it with a welcome dose of old-school sensibilities and new-school flair
Eli Roth has clearly seen way too many video nasties than can strictly be considered healthy - the first half of the film is wall-to-wall gratuitous sex and violence , and not always in a good way .
Beyond its ` How far can I go ? ' attitude to violence , Hostel has no reason to exist .
Despite its ruthless drive-in shocks , Hostel actually makes an intriguing point about the nature of pleasure for its own sake and the constant desire to increase sensory intake .
4 star accommodation complete with complimentary continental chills . A tasty , well-blended cocktail of horror that blood buffs wo n't need a straw to sip down
Do n't book into this Hostel unless you 're a horror fan . Or if you do , do n't complain ... the premise is as twisted and terrifying as the acts themselves .
Hostel is more artfully horrific than the usual gore flick , and more truly scary . It 's a small classic of its awful kind .
Truly chilling , well-acted , and tense as hell .
Eli Roth 's sly , shrewd and disquieting Hostel excels at twisting a morbid story around to ask a rather essential , philosophical question : Is violence always a bad thing ?
While Eli Roth certainly knows the tune , he clearly does n't know the horror genre in this thinly-veiled assault on humanity .
There is n't really much suspense or scariness in this film , but it is seriously nightmarish
Intimations of Abu Ghraib and allusions to ` The Wicker Man ' suggest Roth 's intentions are honorable ... The film is n't escapist ; like ` Straw Dogs , ' it demands that viewers respond to its violence .
Viewers check in ... and just as quickly check out !
This is a vile exploitation film , and a shoddily-made one , that 's half softcore porn and half horror porn .
There 's a feeling of not quite hitting the mark here .
Audiences either will embrace `` Hostel '' or they 'll feel , well , hostile toward it .
What good is a scary movie without a lesson ? ... Hostel imparts perhaps the greatest lesson of all : When traveling abroad , always choose Marriott .
All this in a 94-minute movie that takes 45 minutes getting started !
Silly , bloody nonsense that should appeal to hormonally challenged teens .
Paxton is suddenly the Last Girl in a movie about cocky boys who become vulnerable beyond their wildest dreams .
Although I spent much of the second half staring into my lap while listening to a cacophony of screams and shop tools , I processed enough of the first to appreciate Roth 's sinister evocation of a Slovakian provincial town .
Is there a point ? No . Will you like it ? Perhaps , but if you do ... you should see someone about that .
Wants to be preeminent shock cinema , but does n't have the -LSB- courage -RSB- to fully follow through on its promise of unbridled carnage .
Setting aside the question of the value of horror where the entire raison d'être of the film lies in showing people being tortured and murdered , the very format is limited .
If last year was the beginning of the end for horror films , Roth shows there is still life - life in death - in the old girl yet .
Pure exploitation , ineptly made , and completely repulsive .
The film is too casually misanthropic and enamored of its expulsive prosthetic virtuosity to be politically relevant , and it 's not clear what response -- shame ? outrage ? titillation ? -- Roth is after .
If you 're the squeamish type or think Hollywood 's appreciation for bloodbath is barbarically crude , stay away at all costs and lock your kids inside
Buried somewhere in this movie is an interesting concept , but the delivery lacks imagination and suspense , and the plot is largely predictable .
If you 're looking for blood and gore , you 've come to the right place , although it takes a while to get there . The substitute is lots of nudity . The violence is graphic , grisly , and designed for shock value .
Controversial for its unnecessary , unjustified exploitation of gore , Roth 's film implicates the audience in its perversity .
The tone is too schizophrenic for the movie to be great , but writer/director Eli Roth is showing serious potential .
-LSB- T -RSB- here 's plenty here that might make a person puke -- if not the torture , then perhaps the scenes in which the actors themselves puke , one of them sputtering out his stomach 's contents past a ball-gag .
Wherever you find genocide and human misery , a throng of American college students looking to get laid ca n't be far behind .
Now comes Hostel , the most extreme , punishing , pain-filled gorefest yours truly has ever cringed through .
A steady , grueling , suspenseful march to a raucous finish that is likely to give it a devoted cult following .
A disturbing , uncompromising descent into the blackest corners of human nature .
Has the foresight to let us spend an hour or so with the stoners before the chainsaws are cranked up .
Skillfully made ... but basically this is a movie that traffics in sadism as much as its villains do , and your reaction to it will pretty much depend on how you feel about that .
... nothing but a reined in gorefest for aficionados of torture , , and even they wo n't be happy until the director 's cut DVD is issued .
a horror movie can not run on shock value alone .
Either does n't go far enough , or goes too far , I 'm not sure which
Hostel has style , and it has its moments , but overall it 's a mixed -LRB- barf -RRB- bag .
Even if this type of entertainment does n't entertain you , ya got ta admit , it 's pretty slickly done .
-LSB- S -RSB- adistic ... and ridiculously happy-ending-ish ...
Occasionally , the film even cuts beneath the skin -LRB- thematically -RRB- , but do n't expect enough political subtext to distract genre fans or to convince the uninitiated of its merits
Let 's hope 2006 's first horror film is n't an indication of where the genre is going this year .
I may not get the DVD for the sake of the film , but rather to show my kids and dissuade them from ever backpacking across Europe .
A thrilling high-water mark for an inherently dumb sub-genre , and that 's only back-handed praise to those who would n't have even considered buying a ticket .
The PR hype machine loves Eli Roth , and I 'm sure he loves it right back .
It 's a nasty piece of work , and work it does .
Roth does n't know when to leave well enough alone . Piling the gore on without benefit of artful tension , the film ends up approaching parody .
Even though Hostel is certainly better than last year 's Saw II , it 's ultimately not very frightening -- just plain gross .
It 's the kind of film where you avert your eyes from the screen only to have your curiosity force them back to the sheer brutality of the action .
It 's a clip reel of sicko tableaus . The torture scenes are inventively disgusting , but the narrative linking one murder to the next is sketchy .
Hostel is a screaming good time , marred only by a lazy ending .
It all adds up to superior sick entertainment .
One of the characters stumbles into a chamber of horrors where the rich pay to live out their sickest fantasies of violence . Ho , hum .
The thing is just a clunky and tasteless and dumb scare picture , is n't it ? Clunky , yes . Tasteless , for sure . But not so dumb I fear .
You do n't ever want to go on vacation with Eli Roth .
-LSB- The film -RSB- willfully takes us someplace cruel -- and deeply unfunny . Just because that 's Roth 's intention does n't mean his movie is any good .
Even after an outré punch line is revealed , the film is neither shocking nor adequately terrifying .
Eli Roth has made the sickest movie to ever be called enjoyable . Quite a ride .
Eli Roth turns to modern-day Asian fright filmmakers as inspiration for his latest blood-soaked effort while demonstrating an intriguing , original voice of his own .
Roth may not be the most artistic film-maker out there , but he knows what he likes .
It 's an extreme film with its eye on a general audience , and it ca n't serve two masters . Still , I recommend it to people who think there are n't enough eyes being snipped out in films these days
The calculated outrages of Eli Roth 's brutal exploitation film prove less shocking that its relentless bigotry .
Hostel disturbingly explores the gray area behind people 's perverted lust for power through both sex and violence .
Portrayed the way Transylvania was in a 1930s vampire film , with lascivious beauties intent on seducing and drugging their unwitting American dates so they can be fed into the machinery of recreational death .
Although he damn near slanders an entire country - - expect poor Slovakia 's tourism industry to take a hit - - Roth is not an unskilled ringleader of gory crisis moments , or breathless escapes .
... un vrai de vrai film d'horreur américain . Mordant , méchant , cruel . Et donc recommandé .
Slide in , belt up , and hang on : Hostel is the horror movie equivalent of Mr. Toad 's Wild Ride !
Roth , by presenting his characters as victims of the same world of flesh-for-fantasy they were grooving on in the first place , digs deep into the nightmare of a society ruled by the profit of illicit desire .
A horrifying excursion into a nightmarish world few of us would ever want to experience firsthand
If you 're fascinated with butcher work and chopped up corpses , this is the movie for you .
Hostel has the most jokey take on xenophobia of any movie since Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom .
It 's posed itself as a piece owing a debt to the Japanese shock cinema of Takashi Miike when it really owes more to the gore/schlock cinema of Herschel Gordon Lewis .
When extreme , body-crunching violence is inflicted on these pigs , the playing field gets leveled .
One of the best horror movie since Craven 's Scream !
... while there are few enjoyably over-the-top moments of gore , the movie is - on the whole - pretty tame ...
A gory , bloody , disgusting good time .






@highlight

Featuring lots of guts and gore , Hostel is a wildly entertaining corpse-filled journey -- assuming one is entertained by corpses , guts , and gore , that is .