Mockingjay is true to the book : in the end , we 're all just tired , resigned and want the bad stuff to stop .
This movie makes some fascinating stylistic choices , that force you to confront the personal consequences of violence and violation .
Somewhere , a talented fan-editor will undertake the task of combining the most important bits of both films into one three-hour epic that can stand alone as the grandstanding conclusion this franchise deserved
Director Lawrence ... gives the other characters a greater sense of development with the result that the movie does n't come across as a Jennifer Lawrence Glorification Vehicle .
Filled with genuine thrills , gripping tension and rallying hero moments galore , the trilogy comes to a close in epic fashion , befitting its bad-ass heroine .
How disappointing it is to report that this final instalment is by far and away the worst film in the franchise . Not only is it gloomy , dull and virtually surprise-free ; it 's also unforgivably cheap-looking .
There is no momentum in Mockingjay Part 2 , as the pacing is terrible .
In the case of Francis Lawrence 's one-two punch with Mockingjay -LRB- the concluding text of The Hunger Games series -RRB- , Part 2 seeks to perfectly execute the game plan .
Now that we have this movie , you could skip Mockingjay 1 entirely and not miss anything but inessential pouting .
The Hunger Games : Mockingjay - Part 2 -LRB- there , that 's the last time I have to type that mouthful -RRB- has not dethroned its predecessors to take the spot of best movie in the franchise . But it is a solid action film full of memorable performances .
In lesser hands , Katniss 's willingness to suffer for the whole world may seem like classic teen narcissism ... But Lawrence possesses an astonishing ability to convey profound emotional seriousness without ever seeming to do anything .
Mockingjay Part 2 is a satisfying conclusion overall , with the franchise as a whole being so satisfying within the dismal dystopian YA genre that it only feels disappointing considering what has come before .
Mockingjay Part 2 's gloomy , monotone approach makes this feel like an exhausting obligation to sit through .
Compared to other Young Adult adaptations the Hunger Games films are undeniably the most mature and well-acted , digging deep into the emotional and political core of the books .
I like that both the book and the movie ditched the action-y bombast and took Katniss ' story to a quieter , more emotionally resonant place . It felt earned , given The Hunger Games has always been more about Katniss ' character evolution .
Still a strong effort , and I respect the heck out of the filmmakers ' collective efforts to maintain thematic fidelity to the overarching ideas Collins ' novels deftly end up exploring .
iI 's an enjoyable enough watch and if you 've been with the series from the beginning you should go and see it to finish things off . But speaking as a fan of The Hunger Games , I do n't see myself choosing to sit through it again any time soon .
A movie of limited intrinsic merit , and about which it 's difficult to make any positive claim for its quality stronger than that it 's definitely better than Mockingjay Part 1 .
When it gets to its final stretch -- the one that nothing except books or Wikipedia or other movies can prepare you for -- Mockingjay Part 2 is well-prepared for what might strike non-fans -LRB- or even some actual fans -RRB- as anticlimax .
It takes an actress of the calibre of Jennifer Lawrence to successfully convey The Hunger Games protagonist 's existential conundrum .
Holy heck is it good .
For the past three falls , a new ` Hunger Games ' movie has come around to remind us that so many of its elements - blockbuster franchise , YA novel adaptation , multiple films from one book - are n't inherently evil .
Part 2 adds some much-needed adventure back into the mix .
A series that just a few years ago seemed to bubble with personality and intrigue and depth is closed out here as coldly as possible .
None of the film-makers in the series has worked out how to marry its smaller concerns about love and family with its larger themes of propaganda and dying for a cause .
Mockingjay Part 2 is one great example of the source material being respected , partially because with fans like this saga has , such allegiance is expected .
The pace picks up as Katniss traverses a city laced with booby traps - an oil flood and a tunnel full of mutants provide the film 's best action scenes .
Although the pace picks up , there 's no sense of grandness to what is meant to be a huge finale and , actually , some may even feel underwhelmed by how the plot plays out .
... provides a satisfying end to the story rather than an inspiring one . It preserves the dark turn of the book 's finale , the character of Katniss , and the journey of Peeta to recover the compassion destroyed by Snow .
A fittingly serviceable end to a series that always had more potential than impact .
-LSB- The -RSB- rare blockbuster that finds a compelling middle ground between thoughtfulness and big , splashy spectacle .
Kudos to Lawrence for helping bring a satisfactory conclusion
A satisfying conclusion to a brilliant series of films that show us the dangers of the oligarchy .
In this final film , fans will get a satisfying resolution . It 's an emotional and dark journey illuminated by an otherworldly performance from Jennifer Lawrence .
I remember struggling with Suzanne Collins ' final book . It did n't have the same sense of urgency and excitement . My thoughts on this movie are essentially the same .
I understand that YA books succeed by transposing real teen concerns into life-and-death fantasy situations , but any connection to the characters that existed by the end of 2013 's Catching Fire has been stripped away by these plodding Mockingjay movies .
It 's frustrating to watch the Jennifer Lawrence be marched from plot point to plot point , just getting things over with .
Part 2 feels like it has a sense of direction that was lost after the first movie , and it 's enjoyably more action-heavy .
the last hour of Hunger Games 3.2 is good enough that deeper readings of this text would actually hold water in a way that previous attempts to politicize it have failed .
Relentlessly bleak from the first frame , this final outing pulls no punches as white knuckle action sequences see the casualty rate rise alongside the tension .
While there 's lots to recommend the movie , the silly premise is the only thing I could focus on for the entire 2 hours and 17 minutes -- which is inexcusably long for a movie that is actually just half of a movie .
In this overegged yet satisfying conclusion to the adaptation of Suzanne Collins 's post-apocalyptic trilogy The Hunger Games , the body count is high , the tone at its darkest and most despairing , and nothing is sacred .
It reminds us that every `` happy '' ending can also be a tragedy . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This 137 minute conclusion results heavy and drags considerably due to its lack of what it promised : Action , emotion , unrestrained rage . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Well , the Hunger Games finally grew up at the end , after all that silliness about the earth-shattering importance of fashion statements . We finally got one convincing romance , to go with a real battle and real politics .
action and theme do n't always cohere , and what 's good in the film too often has to be dug out from under a lot of underwhelming excess
Affirms Katniss Everdeen 's status as the most significant of the reluctant teen heroes who have battled adult tyranny in the fantasy movie series of the past few decades -LRB- and no , I 'm not forgetting Luke Skywalker or Harry Potter -RRB- .
Part 2 is supposed to be the emotional crescendo to an epic love triangle , but due a complete lack of chemistry between Lawrence and her callow male co-stars , it 's all hollow , and the gold-embossed Super Happy Ending feels fraudulent . D.B. .
So much better than last year 's plodding , aimless Part 1 .
Mockingjay Part 2 is a worthy conclusion to Katniss ' saga with great , epic moments . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
If anything is certain beyond the wavering quality of this series , it 's that it has always remained focused on the immense strength of its very dedicated heroine .
It 's a fitting finale to a much-loved franchise .
It 's the second best film in the series .
It could have been a better , riskier , more interesting movie . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
The freshness of the concept is now gone , and the slick finale does n't stand on its own .
I think that Mockingjay - Part 2 is not a bad movie . It 's just more of the same . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The conclusion to the Hunger Games franchise ends up being a completely anticlimatic , boring , and worthy of a soap opera finale . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A great ending for one of the most enjoyable franchises in recent time . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A grand finale for the series in which the characters deal with the spiritual question : What is the truth ?
A fitting ending to a strong series , this final chapter offers the action that audiences would hope for and the emotional climax that fans deserve .
In the last chapter of this overhyped saga , the plot drags too much and rushes to solve all the loose ends . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Fans of the series will see it come to a satisfying end . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's pretty obvious this last book could 've been reduced to a single film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This is marginally better than the first Mockingjay installment simply as there is n't all the endless stage-setting and self-important yakking .
As wobbly as Mockingjay - Part 2 is , it 's powerful because its characters and conflicts have become so familiar in the culture , and because it completes a long and painful journey .
Mockingjay is a lengthy demonstration packed with more grief and soul searching than fun , to some readers ' dismay ... Yet it 's hard not to admire the chutzpah of a heroic epic that debunks everything about heroes and epics .
I prefer the second movie , but The Hunger Games is something to see as a whole . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
A sombre but thought-provoking finale to one of the most consistently gripping and intellectual franchises of recent years .
Somber , somewhat insipid , yet slavishly faithful conclusion , as the Girl on Fire becomes a glowing ember .
Suzanne Collins ' saga comes to a suitably epic conclusion in a climactic series of battles that are packed with emotional kicks to the gut .
`` The Hunger Games '' knows that it 's wrong to sell war and death as entertainment , and that tension between message and form is part of what has made this a welcome if uncomfortable addition to the pop culture landscape .
Fans of the saga will be pleased with the conclusion created by director Francis Lawrence . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Bar a typically stirring performance from Lawrence , it is all a bit run-of-the-mill ; the survival challenges could come from a computer game and lack the grimly compelling dynamic of the child-versus-child Hunger Games themselves .
The series ends with its brains in tact . Could it have been exciting and occasionally enjoyable too ? Maybe , but we 'll let the next set of filmmakers , thinking about remaking the series in twenty years , worry about that .
It 's too long and padded , but on balance `` Mockingjay - Part 2 '' wins . That 's a tribute to Jennifer Lawrence 's commitment to Katniss and to some of the strongest action scenes in the series .
A satisfying conclusion to this enjoyable series .
There are some complex ideas about power and corruption at play , and it 's good to see this final instalment refusing to sell out either its role model heroine or its darkly dystopian sociopolitical themes .
Despite an oddly-paced , charmless script and obvious filmmaker ennui , Mockingjay Pt 2 is neither the worst film I 've seen this year , nor the worst sequel . It 's merely the weakest in what had been a surprisingly good series .
The picture benefits from its relentless bleakness , as decent people die unexpectedly , personal traumas continue to haunt many of the characters , and Katniss learns that when it comes to government , plus ça change , plus c'est la même chose .
A movie that is too silly to be so somber , and too somber to be much fun .
Even without all the background , this is a pretty good action film ... Jennifer Lawrence is beautiful and easy to watch , and gives a good performance . It might be more interesting if you 've seen all the others , but Part 2 can stand on its own , too .
Hate to say it , but `` The Hunger Games '' franchise has been relegated to District 13 , that dystopian wasteland where all that was good has been striped away .
This is n't a cautionary tale about the evils of war and propaganda , it is a cautionary tale about the dangers of padding .
Mockingjay - Part 2 manages to invest us in the fate of its main characters , delivering a satisfying ending , where the expected catharsis carried over four films finally appears . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
I just have to say that the phrase `` saving the best for last '' does not apply to this last installment of The Hunger Games . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Finally , Mockingjay - Part 2 is a pretty good closer to a franchise which had its highest point with the second part . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The movie falls flat on its face because of the lenght -LRB- over two hours -RRB- coupled with lack of action . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A four year , nearly 9-hour journey and THIS is what it all amounted to ? Are you kidding me ? No really , is this some sort of joke on the movie going public ?
A dark , melancholic chapter , and a singular ending to a profitable franchise done under the production canons of Hollywood . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The Hunger Games : Mockingjay - Part 2 is a thrilling and powerful ending to the Hunger Games movie saga .
Critically speaking , the only relevant questions would seem to be whether the film suddenly veers from the path that was laid out -LRB- and has thus far yielded a billion + in box office -RRB- at the beginning . Mockingjay - Part 2 does not .
The Hunger Games , which kicked off in a blaze of guts 'n' glory in 2012 , ends now with a sad whimper , along with a lot of big bangs signifying nothing .
With grander goals than the earlier movies , Mockingjay Part 2 has some bigger flaws , but it 's grounded in a remarkable central performance . Thankfully , Jennifer Lawrence is as steel-willed and world-saving as her heroine , Katniss Everdeen .
There are frequent close-ups that showcase Jennifer Lawrence 's extraordinary expressiveness ; like Katniss for the rebels , Lawrence is the film 's figurehead , not only its protagonist but also bearing the entire burden of representing its narrative .
The good news is that The Hunger Games : Mockingjay-Part 2 reminds us of why Collins ' dystopian trilogy caught fire in the first place .
A satisfactory - if unspectacular - conclusion . Anyone who has been invested in the saga will likely have sufficient interest in how the complex story resolves itself , but it 's odd that the franchise goes out on its weakest note .
The best thing about The Hunger Games : Mockingjay - Part 2 is how unconcerned it is with what we expect in terms of closure of a happy ending .
-LSB- Mockingjay delivers -RSB- an ultimately satisfying conclusion to the adventures of Katniss Everdeen . But as with most heroic tales , the best stories are not necessarily the longest .
Mockingjay should have ended last year instead of being split in half for reasons involving only the box office .
It 's one of the ending-est movies I 've seen since The Lord of the Rings : Return of the King . Unfortunately , none of those endings feels like a worthy climax for a series of films nearly four years , and more than nine hours of screen time , in the making .
The only good thing I can write about `` The Hunger Games : Mockingjay - Part 2 '' is watching Philip Seymour Hoffman as Plutarch Heavensbee one last time .
Aside from one major surprise , at least to non-readers of the books , there is nothing else that breaks the tedium of sitting through two plus hours of this franchise that has worn out its welcome .
` Mockingjay 2 ' is so serious that any sense of adventure quickly dissipates until its nonexistent .
The final Hunger Games movie should have been triumphant . Instead , Mockingjay - Part 2 finishes with the resignation of a teenager who has finally been nagged into cutting the grass .
It 's then yet another credit to Lawrence 's talent that in the finale of this series , she 's probably better than she 's ever been .
Although the plot remains , for the most part , the same , the tone is so different as to reverse the pacifism-at-all-costs message of the book , making a good series even better .
Director Francis Lawrence stages the action sequences ... with a modicum of flair , and Julianne Moore as rebel leader Coin gives off some sparks , but for the most part there is nothing divertingly new or different about this franchise fade-out .
After the forced histrionics of Part 1 , it 's nice to see star Jennifer Lawrence being allowed to quiet down and act again . But the story still feels stretched , a countdown that slows as it approaches zero hour .
Not quite as bad as 1 , still very bad .
Just as rebel figurehead Katniss has sustained the revolution against Panem 's ruthless President Snow through its many reverses , so does Lawrence 's steely magnetism hold together this final instalment .
I 've now seen all four of the movies in the ultra-successful Hunger Games series , I have to admit , I am still bamboozled .
You can almost feel director Francis Lawrence stiffening up as he approaches the finish line , eager to break the tape without falling down in the last mile .
Proof this should have been one , long , three-hour movie . For a movie series ending , this one moves very , very slowly and almost sleepily toward a not so interesting climax .
Finale is a faithful , fitting end to Girl on Fire 's journey .
The Hunger Games adds up to little more than an adolescent feel-good tale about an evil dictatorship getting overthrown by a bunch of teenagers ...
Mockingjay - Part 2 is morose , gruesome , and , at times , exhilarating . We want Katniss to win , as we always have , but it 's also edifying to watch our hero learn that there are no winners in war , only losers , until someone decides that the war must end .
Slightly better than its immediate predecessor simply for wrapping things up . -LRB- Full Content Review - Violence , Sex , etc. - for Parents also available -RRB-
A round of applause for The Girl on Fire . I 'd say she 's earned it .
Does everyone look `` over it '' because they 're tired of fighting for the revolution-or because they really are ? As Mockingjay flutters and flaps to a close , this victory lap looks and feels like a slog .
The surprise is that after generating so much good will in the prior installments this emotionally cold concluding chapter fails to make us feel anything significant .
Mockingjay Part 2 might be a wake up call for teens who think revolutions do n't come with strings attached .
Just when you are about to give up on the film as nothing more than a mindless exercise going through the motions , they find the spark .
This revenge plot animates Mockingjay Part 2 with a satisfying rage .
Explosive , mostly true to the text , complex and chock full of action , `` The Hunger Games : Mockingjay - Part 2 '' should more than satisfy the franchise 's many fans .
The movie is grisly , relentless and as pissed-off as Everdeen , now alienated and more focused than ever on bloody revenge .
In spite of the unnecessary padding that led to `` Mockingjay '' being split in half , the series ends on a strong note .
The movie plays out in the manner of a video game , long -LRB- and often drab -RRB- chunks of character development like protracted cut scenes between empty looking world-gone-wrong set pieces suddenly dowsed with action and soon abandoned .
Hopefully they 'll learn from this mistake when they reboot the series in 2025 .
Honestly , the most disappointing thing about the entire Hunger Games series is that I never got a single chance to pan any one of them for anything .
Faring far better than its uneventful first half , ` Part 2 ' spectacularly concludes one of the more popular and groundbreaking franchises in cinematic history .
Makes a mockery of the movie that coulda/shoulda been .
This is how the Hunger Games ends , not with a bang but with a whimper .
Jennifer Lawrence is the straw that stirs this dystopic drink , her sincerity far greater than the material deserves ...
The Hunger Games is over ... but you ca n't help hoping there 's going to be a replay .
A blockbuster type spectacle with light political nods to a revolutionary discourse that pretends much more than it could manage . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Director Francis Lawrence -LRB- no relation to Jennifer -RRB- has steered this big , unwieldy ship of a story safely into harbor .
All hail to the humongous Hunger Games franchise .
The Hunger Games movies began with much promise but after the pinnacle of Catching Fire , it has been a slog to the finish line . We 're finally there and I feel more exhausted than fulfilled .
a fitting end to a fascinating franchise .
The final installment of the `` Hunger Games '' franchise manages to give us everything we 've been waiting for and still underwhelm .
Yes , it 's solid enough , and a satisfying conclusion , but with all of that in mind , `` The Hunger Games : Mockingjay - Part 2 '' is also strictly by the book .
If Mockingjay - Part 1 was walkier and talkier than its forerunners , Part 2 is pretty much all action - and lesser for it .
O ritmo irregular deste último capítulo e mesmo seus problemas estruturais acabam sendo compensados , em parte , por sua ambição temática .
Despite exhilarating special effects and action sequences , Katniss meets her waterloo in ` Mockingjay ' Part 2
A fittingly bleak and violent conclusion to this compelling -LRB- if also protracted -RRB- franchise .
This Hunger Game is one too many , a 2010-era cash grab in its purest form , more akin to a stern-faced curtain call than a fleshed-out story with a beginning , middle , and end .
Jennifer Lawrence has done a phenomenal job balancing Katniss ' strength with her severe PTSD throughout all four movies , and she 's never been better than she is in Mockingjay .
The sheer amount of proceedings make for a sometimes sluggish pace , but the wild ride of the conclusion brings things to a satisfying close .
In a world with too many teen movies about nothing , the Hunger Games films have always been about something .
Everything The Hunger Games : Mockingjay - Part 2 wants to say comes fast and heavy-handed as the plot reaches its conclusion .
Katniss is a Joan of Arc for a generation of reluctant warriors , and `` Mockingjay - Part 2 '' is a war movie for those distrustful of any and all leaders , especially the ones trying to sell you on a future .
The last chapter of the saga is spectacular and has many twists . We will miss Jennifer Lawrence 's Katniss . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An ending that mixes social commentary with trepidant action . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
While ` Mockingjay ' does n't have the powerful finish one might have hoped for , fans will find that it hits enough of the target .
Even Lawrence looks tired . She gives of her best in a few emotional scenes but slogs through the rest , as if completing a homework assignment she did n't want to do but had to finish to graduate from an obligatory class .
Wraps up the story in spectacular , deeply satisfying fashion .
Is it a satisfying conclusion to the decade 's most iconic franchise ? Oddly , yes .
... a series doing little like any others , stretching theme limitations that blockbusters placed on themselves . By design or necessity , Hunger Games movies concentrate on story more than spectacle , allowing a savage antiwar allegory to ring through .
It 's good enough to stand on its own , and will also satiate fans craving an appropriate ending to the nihilistic journey .
The Hunger Games : Mockingjay Part 2 draws on a well of feeling , imagination , and , yes , sensibility that extends beyond the movie screen .
The Hunger Games : Mockingjay - Part 2 is exactly what you would expect from its ungainly title , and that turns out to be not quite enough .
With Mockingjay - Part 2 , however , we finally have a movie worthy of the hype .
Katniss has remained , in Jennifer Lawrence 's portrayal , a vividly vulnerable creature of flesh and blood surrounded by sci-fi extravagance of variable quality .
Mockingjay , Part 2 gets solid performances from its impressive cast , but feels too burdened by the gravity of its story .
Ridiculous . Pretentious . Frustrating . Yet , curiously satisfying .
This fourth and final installment of the Hunger Games franchise is by far the most dour , consisting mainly of dim , uninspired battle sequences .
The only thing murkier than the politics of this final chapter in the Hunger Games series is the photography .
It seems unlikely that there has ever been a mainstream blockbuster that has been quite so conspicuously under-lit .
An exciting , involving finale , streamlining the complicated end game of Collins ' story without shortchanging the climactic action .
While the film has about two endings too many , it 's an entertaining and exciting dystopian adventure that should satisfy fans of the series . It sets a high bar for YA adaptations that does n't look like it 's going to be raised anytime soon .
The conclusion will be satisfying for those who have been following the series devoutly , though quite honestly one that comes as a bit of a letdown after all the hullabaloo that 's led up to it .
In remaining slavishly faithful to its source novel , Mockingjay Part 2 comes across as weary and dragging , ensuring that only loyal fans will really be satisfied .
The Hunger Games : Mockingjay - Part 2 could easily have been rolled together with Part 1 , but it has n't turned out too poorly .
For a CGI-stuffed blockbuster franchise aimed at 14-year-olds , this was always a smart one , its real life echoes at once grimly specific and usefully vague .
What began so promisingly as a dystopian saga of gladiatorial games , resonating with current global fears , has turned into just another dull race for the almighty dollar .
The overall tone of the film is deliciously dark .
The heroine goes out with a whimper in an unusually subdued conclusion for a film franchise that has kept the momentum going often at a roller-coaster pace .
As the dystopian epic 's emotional , moral and physical heart , Lawrence once again delivers the best reason to stick with it .
It is a fitting finale for a series that has set a high-water mark for screen adaptations of young adult fiction .
-LSB- Lawrence -RSB- is ferocious but still vulnerable , and few actors of either gender could have delivered the most overtly political speech in current cinema with such emotional conviction
If anything good comes out of Mockingjay : Part 2 , it 's that it will finally convince studios to stop dragging out these stories for the sake of their own greed .
Jennifer Lawrence carries the entire weight of the movie and helps solidify this as a satisfying movie franchise
` The Hunger Games : Mockingjay Part 2 ' is heavy on the melodrama , but it picks up speed and delivers an ending that packs a wallop .
The best was saved for last as `` The Hunger Games : Mockingjay - Part 2 '' elevates the respectable YA-novel-to-film-saga to new heights .
A potent antiwar saga : bleak , savage , and very modern in the depiction of an unholy union between political manipulation and showbiz .
If you want to know what the mathematical opposite of suspense looks like , take a look at Mockingjay - Part 2 .
In the first Hunger Games film , we were simply meant to care whether Katniss won . Three movies later , the series has become about how horrible it can be to win .
Mockingjay goes out with a series of bangs -LRB- literally -RRB- , but an ultimate whimper , as the payoffs promised in the previous three features arrive with a fizzle .
Even when the Hunger Games series gets winded pimping old tricks , Lawrence is the oxygen that brings it back to life .
Bleak , tough , rough , powerfully humorless and maybe even important .
The stakes are higher because this is the end-It really is this time ! - but the first hour or so of returning director Francis Lawrence 's film is legitimately nap-inducing .
While it does n't scale the heights of Catching Fire , the second movie , it 's heads , shoulders and quiver above the first and the third .
The film balances action and suspense with the kind of political and military gamesmanship that would be at home in a Shakespeare history play -LRB- minus the lush language , of course -RRB- .
Jennifer Lawrence has n't lost her mojo as this series has dragged on , and remains a magnetic presence every second she 's on-screen . But `` Mockingjay - Part 2 '' does n't really give her much to do .
The concluding installment of the `` Hunger Games '' series is not the insult and embarrassment that the first `` Mockingjay '' was , but a person would have to be very young to take it seriously .
What makes the material still feel personal - other than the yearslong investment and love that transform entertainments into fan communities - is the combination of Katniss and Ms. Lawrence , who have become a perfect fit .
It 's all very complicated . And , thanks to the depth of feeling the three principal actors bring to their performances , undeniably powerful .
Despite being over-extended , it 's interesting how much energy and ingenuity this story turned out to have .
The studio , in its efforts to maximise profits , has unnecessarily split one book and created one great film and one not-so-great finale .
Wraps up the entire four-movie series in a mostly satisfying -LRB- and sometimes satisfyingly unsatisfying -RRB- way .
It 's nearly as inert as its predecessor , once again straining to transform a wafer-thin story into a nearly five hour viewing experience when paired with `` Part 1 . ''
The final instalment - for real this time - of The Hunger Games ends the franchise on a high -LRB- while still continuing the series trend of being a total bummer -RRB- .
It 's a rather disappointing crash and burn for a series that brought attention to positive action role models for young girls .
It 's a rare film adaptation that improves upon the original text , highlighting its crucial themes while streamlining and shaping the action into something legible and gripping .
I 'm so glad it 's over .
As it turns out , they saved the best for last . `` The Hunger Games : Mockingjay - Part 2 '' is a dark film , in a dramatically satisfying way .
Katniss is made stronger by the performance of Jennifer Lawrence , whose damaged rebel with a heart of gold , perfect aim and will of steel has redefined not only female heroes , but movie heroes in general .
The Games might be over , but let 's hope new chapters come soon in the form of more blockbuster franchises anchored around a strong female action hero and with an actress of the caliber of Lawrence .
As The Hunger Games winds inexorably towards its downbeat conclusion ... one ca n't help but feel faintly grateful for the attempt -LRB- any attempt -RRB- to tackle real problems in the context of a four-quadrant entertainment .
Mockingjay - Part 2 deserves credit for incorporating real-world themes like media manipulation , terrorism and power vacuums , but its somber-faced , hand-wringing treatment can be tough to take seriously .
Mockingjay - Part 2 is a grim , dark , trippy , violent and sometimes just plain bizarre journey , which makes for a fitting if uneven conclusion to a film series that 's always been weird .
`` The Hunger Games '' is over . Bring on `` Star Wars . ''
It hardly leaves a bad taste in our mouths , but we definitely do n't ever need another helping .
` Part 2 ' is so self-serious that it loses any sense of humor or adventure .
Well , they saved the best for last .
The Hunger Games : Mockingjay Part 2 is the least YA of all the franchise 's films , and represents a dark yet mature finish to Katniss ' ever-evolving journey .
Hunger Games , I do n't know you anymore .
Without giving anything away , the entire Hunger Games experience expires just as the right notes -- a unique combination of relief , resignation and redemption -- have been definitively struck .
Plucked from obscurity , Katniss has defied the odds to become an enduring popular heroine . Much the same can be said of Lawrence , allowing us to view the series as a kind of documentary on her parallel rise to stardom .
It careens from carnage to group therapy so wildly that the action never gets to build and the conversations just repeat themselves .
Worth seeing for JLaw alone , but splitting this sage into two was a bad idea . Instead of one good movie you have two relatively dull ones .
The Hunger Games : Mockingjay -- Part 2 brings the four-film saga of Katniss Everdeen and her revolutionary war to a dutiful , fairly satisfying if undeniably attenuated conclusion .
The reigning YA franchise champ laces up for one final round , and -LRB- mostly -RRB- manages to go out on top .
If the franchise continues to feel a bit dull -- heavy on the drama and light on the excitement , with pageantry long in the rear-view -- there 's a respectable purity in the films ' political cynicism and populist fervor .
Feels like the dead air when a politician finishes a point before the allotted time has run out .
There was a good movie in this material . But not two .
Every journey has to come to a close at some point , and while it 's not a perfect exit for Katniss , it 's one where she gets to put her bow , arrow and big heart to good use .
The film suffers from some frustratingly uneven pacing . But despite a handful of problems , this is a solid end to an engaging and entertaining franchise .
The truly devoted may still be moved to watch this epic finally come to a close . I even heard a few sniffles at an early screening . But for the rest of us ? It 's strictly from hunger .
Two hours and seventeen minutes of unrelenting tedium .
In a drawn-out but satisfying finale , the franchise with Jennifer Lawrence 's strong , selfless female protagonist concludes , amid spectacular action , plot twists and a poignant final screen appearance by Philip Seymour Hoffman
My biggest beef with the series has been that Katniss never had to kill anyone the audience liked , and she 's still not the instrument , but this one does n't spare her the moral ambiguity .
Despite all of the ills , there is something satisfying about getting to the end of this film franchise .
A proficient but largely forgettable action flick .
Katniss and the world of Panem will be sorely missed .
A tedious send-off for Katniss Everdeen .
Lawrence , still the magnetic center of the saga , can elevate the material only so much . Four years clearly was n't fast enough for The Hunger Games . Lawrence outgrew this stuff long ago .
With its cynical political bent and relentless downbeat tone , consider this film the feel-bad blockbuster of the year .
One of the smartest and most enthralling SF film series ever breaks more new ground as it ends on notes as emotional and provocative as they are explosive .
For a lot of her screen time , in fact , Lawrence does n't look troubled or pensive at all . Just bored . I know I was .
Grim , relentless and immensely satisfying , The Hunger Games : Mockingjay - Part 2 sends out the dystopian sci-fi franchise on a feel-bad high .
One hour of excitement mixed with another of mush ...
Mockingjay Part II is a proficient exercise in dragging out a story that was only meant to fill half a movie , but proficient is not the same as exciting .
Jennifer Lawrence shines once again in a fitting send-off for cinema 's best YA franchise .
Undoubtedly the darkest film in the series , it goes hard and heavy on its subject matter .
Mockingjay Part 2 is a fittingly dark end to the Hunger Games franchise , not as exciting perhaps as Catching Fire , but more politically charged .
The Hunger Games is one of those rare instances where a movie series manages to live up to the acclaim of the books , and this final film is thoroughly satisfying in all the right places .
At last , and in fine if rather oppressive style , the end of The Hunger Games saga comes into sight .
Its epic sweep , grand designs and unyielding central performance make this a compelling finale .
It 's sad to see this deservedly successful franchise reach the end of its run : but here 's hoping its dissident spirit will survive in young-adult blockbusters to come .
The narrative plods in the final third , the twists are obvious and even Lawrence feels like she 's outgrown this role . All in all it feels functional rather than fantastic .
An emotional gut-punch of a film that 's a fitting send-off for one of modern-day cinema 's great heroines .
This eagerly anticipated , final instalment is the best since the awe-inspiring opener .
Plenty of movies have the battles , futuristic flying crafts and explosive action you find in Mockingjay Part 2 . But no other adventure series has the immense talents of J-Law .
This is by far the darkest , most violent entry in the series , but also the best .
Pervasively grim .
Might be the most thrillingly downbeat blockbuster in recent memory , a film that starts out pitiless and goes downhill from there .
For its final installment , the Hunger Games saga at last catches fire . `` Mockingjay - Part 2 '' proves to be the most satisfying , gripping and emotional film in the franchise , teeming with tense action sequences and a well-earned poignancy .
The acting and production values are still well above grade , and Lawrence skillfully holds the center , letting everything the skeletal dialogue does n't say play across her face .
The Hunger Games : Mockingjay Part 2 ends the franchise on a high note , solidifying it as a defining blockbuster series for a generation born after 9/11 .
In a crowded field , winds up being one of the year 's most satisfying popcorn movies .
I honestly do think these movies are important . I do think it 's terrific that young women , and young men , have a strong ` action hero-type ' female character to call their own .
Counters the meager helpings offered by most teen-driven entertainment with one of the heartiest character arcs ever afforded a young female protagonist .
An incredibly emotional film on many levels and a more than worthy conclusion to the series .

@highlight

With the unflinchingly grim Mockingjay Part 2 , The Hunger Games comes to an exciting , poignant , and overall satisfying conclusion .