This film is endlessly dark and gloomy for a kids story . But somehow , it works .
Episodic but entertaining .
Book 's fans will enjoy , but too creepy for some .
Whilst the direction and script seem off , the rest of the production work is excellent .
Between Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban and Lemony Snicket 2004 is a banner year for dark and fun kid 's films .
A dastardly unadulterated delight of a film .
full review in Greek
We can be grateful that the series has given Carrey one of his better vehicles in recent years , and that Carrey has risen to the occasion so well .
It 's all a bit superficial , but highly entertaining , wickedly funny , and alluring enough to make you want to start reading the books .
If you sit back , relax and just accept it for what it is -- an enjoyable , escapist Gothic pantomime -- you will go home happy .
... Carrey delivers a broad performance that 's more distracting than anything else .
Successful in kicking off a largely amusing and visually engaging franchise .
A sick joke of a film that realizes the best children 's entertainment does n't hide from the bleaker side of life , but plunges into the void and respects kids enough to assume they can handle it .
... recognizes that it 's okay to present scariness , gloominess and sadness , as long as you present strong , pure hearted children whose inherent cleverness cuts through it all .
After all , it 's not like the filmmakers got everything wrong . They just did n't get the right things right .
Not many children 's movies center on recently orphaned children delivered to the home of a homicidal thespian . Then again , not many children 's movies are as good as this one .
Charming and sly right at the beginning .
A phantasmagoric family film with both bite and heart .
` Inteligente , divertida y arriesgada en su propuesta visual y temática , es una aventura que no se pueden perder '
The main blight on the festivities is that , as always , Hollywood ca n't resist adding a little uplift .
Lemony Snicket serves anti-authoritarianism with youthful spirit .
Un filme divertido y hermosamente fotografiado , pero un poco `` o un mucho '' sobreactuado y finalmente , un tanto simplón .
`` Lemony Snicket '' falls short of the Potter movies . Gone missing is the magic .
Aqui está um projeto que praticamente implorava para ser comandado por Tim Burton e estrelado por Johnny Depp .
Though Brad Silberling ca n't rein in Jim Carrey 's annoying mugging , he 's redeemed by his film 's strong , tenderly handled themes , brilliant look and literary-minded smarts .
A nicely dark family film that finds great pleasure in watching Carrey attempting to kill these children .
How come the children are American , yet all their relatives are British ?
Nicely cast and technically adept , `` Lemony Snicket ' '' is the first film in a likely franchise I could fortunately tolerate .
his lavish production is full of superb special effects and a lot of strange characters in unusual costumes .
In its bid for unconditional love , the film softens Handler 's work .
Dourly delightful .
... stars Jim Carrey as Jim Carrey , Jim Carrey and Jim Carrey . Silbering pastes together a series of unfortunate scenes , all with Carrey within mugging distance .
Willie Wonka meets Charles Dickens
If the movie were as wildly creative as it looks , it would be brilliant , instead of merely OK .
Dickens with a sense of humor , featuring people and situations both horrible and goofy enough to be fun rather than fear-inducing .
Sometimes Carrey 's not-so-funny improvisations are his own undoing , as when he sits in a high-backed chair and feigns electrocution . But more often the children ... steal the show .
That rare adaptation that not only captures the spirit of the books and the author 's distinct voice , but also has an identity all its own .
The best-looking movie of the year .
A cheeky , memorable , anti-saccharine outing .
One of the cleverest adaptations I 've ever seen , being at once faithful and surprising .
Manages to evoke the down-to-earth surrealism of the story 's world , but it ultimately suffers too much at the hands of a bungled misinterpretation of its central villain .
Imagination and creativity pop from every single frame . The visual style is so vivid that we can easily become lost in this dark world of mystery and misery .
This proudly grave kid-lit adaptation seems destined to disappoint at the box office but be remembered as a lifetime favorite by a few million Goths in training .
Heinrichs helps take your mind off the slack direction and the letdown of a climax , which ought to make the kiddies hurl Gummi Bears at the screen .
Imperfect , but as beautiful as the grays in an overcast day .
The film feels episodic and overlong , and yet , you want to get lost in its world , exploring everything from the cobwebbed corners of Count Olaf 's mansion to the far shores of Lake Lachrymose .
A lavishly mounted blockbuster that has little personality of its own except on a purely visual level .
More than adequate , a phrase which here means `` a delight to existing fans that will not win them new ones after emasculating Count Olaf . ''
It just kind of spins its wheels .
Less Ace Ventura and more Sideshow Bob , please .
As in the first two Harry Potter films , the sets and costumes are beautiful to look at , but the direction is static .
I suspect it will disappoint the books ' older fanbase , who 'd been hoping for a screen villain that didn 1/2 1/2t mellow the macabreness of the book version .
You ca n't make entertainment lemonade out of this lemon of a movie .
Lemony Snicket 's a Series of Unfortunate Events continues 2004 's Hollywood Series of Unfortunate Holiday Films .
Carrey has a field day getting to play not only the cruel uncle , but also donning various disguises ...
Wickedly delightful and humorously sinister , it reinforces the concept of family and that adults do n't listen to children as often as they should .
Missing this movie would be a very unfortunate thing indeed .
This overwrought dud should n't have left DreamWorks ' CGI studio .
This is a beautifully designed , impressively directed film with exciting action sequences and terrific comic performances from its cast .
All in all , superior family entertainment , despite the slight pacing problems .
Please , I urge you , dear Reader , to turn away now if what you are looking for is a sun-shiny , twinkle-starred review , for what comes next is nowhere near as pleasant or uplifting .
Jim Carrey is excellent as Count Olaf and leads the wonderful cast in bringing the beloved books to life . Little kids will probably be scared by this one , though .
What ultimately spoiled the fun was Mr. Carrey 's unbridled egotistical performance .
With cartoonish villainy , this pic is a worthy addition to a category that could be called Gothic humor .
does a more than respectable job of launching this potential franchise in style ... -LRB- and -RRB- the joke-filled end credits are well worth sticking around to see .
I think this one is a tune-up for the series , a trial run in which they figure out what works and what needs to be tweaked .
A work of wonderfully sinister fantasy .
Darkly imaginative screen realization .
Ummmmm - Lemony !
As it ticks by , laboriously , it leaves you feeling that you should be enjoying it more than you are .
A very entertaining 108 minutes , though hardly one as satisfying as might have been hoped for given the source material and its pedigree .
Jim Carrey is delightful as the evil Captain Olaf . It 's a dark tale and maybe children will like it . I was disappointed .
The visuals are dark and ominous without getting totally terrifying -- the characters feel real , but their environment is off-kilter enough to remind you that this world is one of imagination .
This stylized gothic fairy tale unfolds in a Dickensian once-upon-a-time world , a Victorian England of the mind retrofitted with gee-whiz modern conveniences flawlessly realized by production designer Rick Heinrichs .
A dark charmer .
Call the movie a pleasant near-miss , see it with your expectations lowered and by all means read the books again .
The opening does an excellent job of re-creating the tone of the books . It 's fun to see all the wild places and odd quirks brought to the big screen with real people .
Carrey finds his perfect role in Count Olaf .
The results are enthralling , a term that here means ` an improvement upon the best-selling books . '
The result can make you yearn for Tim Burton , who can web his spidery signature through these corporate machines .
The kids are plucky and fun , and the dark , fantasy production values come fresh from a Burton movie or a Charles Addams or Edward Gorey cartoon .
It has the earmarks of a franchise that might actually get better with age .
There 's little , very little , at all unfortunate about it .
Sometimes trying a little less hard to be ` funny ' can yield greater laughs when you 're playing with the lightly macabre .
A welcome holiday treat .
More sophisticated than that in your average family funfest .
Lemony Snicket sets , costumes and music are exceptional and go a long way to disguising the simplistic material .
Against all odds it delights , using a compact script -LRB- by Robert Gordon -RRB- , creative storytelling and the ripe comedic talents of a prodigious cast to transform written word into a near-perfect cinematic entity .
The child actors hold their own against Carrey , as do wacky family members Billy Connolly and Meryl Streep .
Provides a pleasant end-of-year surprise .
A more apt title might have been : Jim Carrey 's Series of Outlandish Impersonations .
-LSB- It -RSB- may be the best live-action children 's film of the year , a woven series of dark fairy tales that are witty and inventive enough for all ages .
Carrey , who plays three roles , his over-the-top turn here is actually appropriate for a change . But the young performers manage to hold their own with him .
This spare-no-expense , inventive production provides constant visual stimulation , and it tries to teach a lesson : Life may be grim , but it offers small victories .
The movie is crammed with Tim Burton-style desolation , foreboding and technological anachronism .
The movie looks fantastic , Victorian Gothic by way of Edward Gorey , with just the right element of storybook fantasy .
Silberling does n't trust us to get the main point of these books , so he reinforces it with a ponderous , homily-filled climax in which the orphans and the audience are patted on the head like kindergartners .
The movie , like the books , flatters children 's innate sense that the world is not a perfect place and that anyone who insists otherwise is trying to sell you something .
Carrey delivers a disappointing performance , the sort of calculated turn we had come to routinely expect from Robin Williams until his recent dramatic awakening .
It is in the casting of three achingly callow unknowns as the Baudelaire children that the movie finds its success .
The movie 's collapse into winking inconsequentiality is exemplified by a pointless joke cameo by Dustin Hoffman that tells viewers : No real danger here .
Daniel Handler 's books -- even three of them -- just are n't rich enough to sustain a full-length movie , so we end up with a lot of Carrey riffing over the top .
If Tim Burton made a Harry Potter movie , it might look something like this gothic wedding cake of a flick , all evil curlicues and black lace ...
is n't quite the transporting experience I had hoped for , but it gives every indication that the possibility lies ahead
Although Carrey threatens to chew the scenery whenever he can , the kids hold their own as the stars of the show .
If you prefer movie reviews about pleasant films in which children are not placed in excessive peril or disagreeable circumstances , you may wish to read some other review .
The film feels like what its title describes : a series of events that do n't add up to a cohesive story .
How can a movie with so much going for it -LRB- Jim Carrey , Meryl Streep , eleven novels of material -RRB- be so boring ?
Let 's hope Paramount 's deal with AFLAC includes cinematic disaster insurance . Because this one 's about as memorable as Carrey 's old sitcom The Duck Factory .
Both fantastic and flawed ...
Entertaining , but far too cute
It 's the children -LRB- Emily Browning and Liam Aiken as the confident Violet and the thoughtful Klaus -RRB- who really steal this show ...
Arson , snakes , hurricanes , murder , man-eating leeches and a plot development out of Jerry Lee Lewis ' scrapbook notwithstanding , this is beyond perfect family entertainment
Lemony Snicket 's A Series of Unfortunate Events is a wonderfully wacky and deliciously dark masterpiece . Dripping of Gorey-isms and Addams-esque hues ...
The weakest parts of the movie are the cheap humor and crude language in the baby 's subtitled speech .
No praise is too high for cinematographer Emmanuel Lubezki , who leeches the color out of Rick Heinrichs ' spectacular sets so that the film looks like a lost masterpiece of German expressionism or a cherished nightmare of Tim Burton .
Carrey has proven that when he 's on , he 's more creative than anyone out there . And he 's on as Count Olaf , Snicket 's principle villain
In the end , it 's such ripping good fun that it 's hard to hold Carrey against it .
Though the movie is a literate adventure story , the series ' dark tone is lightened up in the film just enough to make one yearn for the darkly twisted witticisms and pervasive anxiety that made Handler 's books uniquely appealing .
A sense of freshness and discovery penetrates the gloom .
But there 's no true spark of inspiration , the humor -LRB- especially its gag of subtitling a toddler 's babble -RRB- is thin and director Brad Silberling -LRB- `` Moonlight Mile -RRB- can never quite hide the fact that his kid actors are dull as dishwater .
Lemony Snicket 's A Series of Unfortunate Events is a weird and sometimes wonderful film about three creative kids who have what it takes to overcome adversities .
It 's a world where terrible things happen , but oddly there 's a beauty to the film 's darkness .
What the movie lacks , alarmingly , is a shriveled black heart , or a big , red tell-tale one pulsing beneath the floorboards .
I daresay most viewers will enjoy themselves . I already look forward to the next one .
This successful take on the darkly humorous children 's book series is a fantastically painted beauty , its characters rich with flaws and quirks and tragic circumstances .
The imaginatively cast , gorgeously designed movie has moments of wry wit and oddball charm . But its lumpish plot reinforces the suspicion that solid storytelling is no longer a Hollywood priority .
A Series of Unfortunate Events suffers from one of the most grievous maladies that can strike a children 's film , notably a regrettable tendency to fill in all the quiet with noise .
I hate to sound per-Snickety , but this lemon of a movie is a sadly unfortunate event .
Helping mitigate the fear factor is the movie 's smart-alecky attitude .
Carrey , whose crass performance was such a bummer in The Grinch , ties his vast comic gifts to an actual character here .
... delightfully dark , like the occasionally welcome sound of laughter in a funeral home -- a sound kids often appreciate more than grown-ups .
Silberling and writer Robert Gordon have made the fatal error of trying to jolly up the novels , which are often funny but never , ever cute .
Jim Carrey makes a four-course meal of the Tim-Burtonesque surreal scenery , completely overshadowing the story .
Exceptionally clever , hilariously gloomy and bitingly subversive .
Wickedly entertaining and a fortunate addition to the holiday season .
The film struggles to mimic the simple , sublime truths which make Daniel Handler 's books so appealingly vibrant .
-LSB- It 's -RSB- not successful , but you ca n't quite dismiss it . It 's full of imagery that stays with you .
A visual feast that nonetheless leaves one feeling hungry for some emotional nourishment after the succession of all-too-similar courses has passed .
It often feels disjointed ... As though we get ten minutes of a dark children 's movie , then fifteen of a Jim Carrey solo . Repeat .
A work of lavish imagery , instantly lovable characters , rousing adventure and slick , all-ages comedy .
I raced home , fired up the Internet to double check my suspicions and nearly threw up in my mouth-the AFLAC duck is listed in the credits of Lemony Snicket .
A fabulously-outfitted sideshow attraction without much going on under the big top : all circus , precious little bread .
Put your Jim Carrey issues aside and take a chance on this amazing , amusing , adventure film .
Olaf is a threat to the children , one who just wo n't go away ; Carrey 's biggest threat is that he 'll never stop clowning around .
rays of sunshine do n't make the dark and nightmarish fantasy go away , and it might not be such a fun time for sensitive teens and tots in the theatre
Sublime . I loved it . And I 'll love it when I see it again .
Passable Hollywood entertainment .
It 's utterly devoid of suspense .
Dark , but not scary ; whimsical but not saccharine ; pessimistic but believing quite firmly in the power of self-reliance .
If your kids would be pleased at the thought of your death , maybe this movie will show them the grass is not always greener on the other side .
Inventive ideas catapult off the screen and characters larger than life reach out to embrace the audience in a story telling hug that lasts throughout the film 's running time .
Put this film right up there with Harry Potter as one of the best live action family films ever created .
Imagine this , Jim Carrey at the top of his comedic form being constantly and consistently upstaged by a two-year-old girl .
Wonderfully executed , brilliantly cast and almost perfectly Potter-beating . If only it were n't for Jim Carrey ...
The picture is a beautifully foreboding storybook sprung to life , mixing guffaw-inducing comedy , frightful fantasy , and resonating drama without missing a beat .
This Christmas season , families could do worse than Lemony Snicket 's A Series of Unfortunate Events .
an unfortunate mixed bag , but one worth seeing for what is good in it , because when it 's good , it 's very , very good , but when it 's bad , it 's Carrey .
Demonstrates what happens when you take a clever idea and run it into the ground .
As with the first two Harry Potter entries , A Series of Unfortunate Events ultimately feels like the triumph of literal-mindedness over lyricism . It also has a hollow emotional core .
Makes so many leaps of logic and doltish character choices , they strain an adult 's ability to enjoy the tale and appreciate its source .

@highlight

Although it softens the nasty edges of its source material , Lemony Snicket 's A Series of Unfortunate Events is a gothic visual treat , and it features a hilariously manic turn from Jim Carrey as the evil Count Olaf .