Directed and conceived by Duncan Jones , Moon is quiet and disturbing , yet manages to be hopeful in the face of overwhelmingly grim conditions .
A cue to the responsibility of filmmakers in a time when most seldom trust their audiences to think about answers , and asks questions that paralyze us in intricate fascination long after the final shot has left an imprint .
Rockwell 's certainly up for the challenge of playing multiple roles , but ultimately , he 's just yammering to himself . This movie has half an idea and , and the end , tries to convince you it had seven .
Solaris and Blade Runner meet Silent Running . A movie with both a brain and a heart .
Intriguing , imaginative , and thematically ambitious , Moon gives ample proof that Jones is a serious talent , pushing his concepts into intellectually and spiritually challenging territory .
It 's a film that wo n't fail to move or excite anyone who 's ever cast their eye skywards and let themselves wonder .
Sam Rockwell should have been nominated for Best Actor at least twice .
Simple and alien-free example of the sci-fi genre . Slow , but there are so many details deserving attention , the chance to take them all in one only enhances the experience .
Someday , Rockwell will get his Oscar due , I have no doubt . But I bet that when that day comes , lots of movie lovers will look back and say , ` But it should have happened for Moon . '
Start calculating the costs to Lunar Industries of its singular form of devaluing , and Moon 's central premise stops making sense .
A throwback to the golden era of 1970s sci-fi , Moon is a long overdue and morally relevant antidote to the overblown bombast of todays science fiction .
Moon is an old-fashioned sci-fi movie in the best sense : far more psychological drama than space opera , dispensing with overweening CGI and loud flashy action sequences while harking back to subtler , more ideas-driven entries in the genre .
Evocative , riveting , and ultimately contemporary in a roundabout way , Moon is a superb mood piece , sublimely cradled by Jones , filtered through tireless work from star Sam Rockwell .
While some of it is clearly inspired by other material , director Jones spins this yarn into something unique and fresh and new and exhilarating .
Despite the modest resources , ` Moon ' is so visually astonishing that it almost looks like it was shot on location on Earth 's oldest satellite .
Out of this world . A story that could easily have been from the early days of science fiction . It 's a film that has a make-or-break lead role , and Sam Rockwell makes it an incredible journey . Paul Chambers , CNN .
Jones je uspio stvoriti ne samo uvjerljivi nego i upe % u010Datljivi futuristi % u010Dki mikrokozmos , i to bez CGI-ja , s bud % u017Eetom od `` svega '' 5 milijuna dolara
A lusciously slow trip , recalling familiar old tones while also adding its own unique touches .
a puzzle with a solution that is elegant yet savage
Contemplates a future full of potential and yet robbed of hope , an era where the worst malfunction technology can suffer is to simply function too well for its own good .
Moon entertains by posing a puzzle whose solution opens into disturbing existential truths and paradoxes .
A well-assembled sci-fi thriller .
A frequently engrossing science fiction story given a particular tension and seriousness by its moral inquiry into what it means to be fully human and alive .
Moon actually gets a little dull in the later reels , just when it should be peaking in mystery and tension .
Sam Rockwell 's work is a light on the dark side of `` Moon . '' It 's not that the man behind the curtain is n't worth attention , it 's that he 's just not as interesting . It 's predictably plotted , but unpredictably mournful and elegiac a la Philip K. Dick .
One of those rare , intelligent , thought-provoking science fiction films that come along less often than a blue moon , but there are some problems with the narrative and the science .
click to read the full review on Movies for the Masses
Moon is a timely reminder of what readers of analog already know : that science fiction can be -LRB- gasp ! -RRB- intelligent and thoughtful ...
A moody , brooding low-key sci-fi feature that makes the most of the eeriness and solitude of long-distance separation to explore some very poignant themes of memory and existence .
At the heart of this you 've got this fantastic concept and a fantastic performance from Rockwell . It 's absolutely tense . It 's absolutely admirable .
This is science fiction at its stimulating best .
By halfway the film starts to feel like a mere exercise , one more effort to get maximum value from limited resources . Too much machinery , not enough dread .
There might even be a touch of his father in there -- `` your circuit 's dead , there 's something wrong , can you hear me , Major Tom ? '' It is a well-built , concentrated movie with a brain and a purpose .
An eccentric sci-fi which cleverly deconstructs the mythology of the Star Treks and Star Wars which have colonised the future of our imaginations with their glamour , self-importance and operatic sound tracks .
Clearly inspired by the great science fiction films of the last century , Moon still manages to be awe-inspiring and strikingly original in its own right .
While there are echoes of Kubrick 's 2001 classic , Moon has enough that 's original and surprising to make it worth recommending , and not only to diehard fans of sci-fi films .
Much more than simple escapism , Moon may not be for everyone , but it is certainly a very good film that will inspire intriguing post-cinema conversation .
The filmmakers say they wanted to make a sci-fi story within their limited budget , so used ingredients that would satisfy both . Sadly , the screenplay is a bit low on other things as well , like meaningful content .
An interesting idea goes astray in this unusual sci-fi thriller in which Sam Rockwell 's astronaut Sam becomes captive in the recesses of his own mind .
Moon is the kind sci-fi film you rarely see any more ; subtle and intelligent . Yet it gets stuck on the launch pad to greatness .
In an era when grey-shaded Hollywood drudge can cost hundreds of millions and deliver nothing , Moon stands out -- and it does so with dignity .
It never quite passes the test as entertainment .
Making a smart genre film is a house of cards . Of Moon 's praiseworthy elements , I am most impressed with this : for a movie so rich and complex , it is wonderfully simple .
an intriguing existential space oddity
There 's a marvelous sense of isolation in the picture 's cold , aloof setting and classical , still frames .
Moon is a gripping sci-fi tale , but also has a lot of heart and humanity .
A gripping , thoughtful , extremely claustrophobic movie .
One space odyssey you 're unlikely to forget .
With the sci-fi genre descending to disappointing new CG-assisted lows this summer -LRB- yes , I 'm talking to you , Michael Bay -RRB- , Moon ... is a perfectly timed little space oddity .
This is a defiantly British film . It 's one we can be proud of - in moderation .
They do make 'em like they used to - a fresh blast of old-school sci-fi , bursting with ideas and a stellar turn from Rockwell .
The film is not entirely logical , but it raises pleasing questions and looks beautiful .
Moon could do with a heftier dose of weird , but the disciplined storytelling and direction bodes well for director Duncan Jones .
A heartfelt , if self-consciously derivative drama of human loneliness .
An eerie , disturbing and moving film , but not without occasional bursts of humour , Moon is a refreshing antidote to the dumb action-orientated futuristic fodder has dominated cinemas in recent years .
An impressive directorial debut with a smart , absorbing and well-acted film that 's not just for geeks .
A beautifully-crafted sci-fi poser , an endearing and ultimately touching thriller-cum-drama which echoes the 1972 deep space classic Silent Running .
Fans of speculative and conceptual sci-fi and classic storytelling should take this trip to identity 's dark side . The direction is elegant , the acting impeccable . Take the trip .
Make no mistake : Jones is a uniquely exciting prospect , whose cerebral , creepy and riveting Moon carves out his own elevated flight path .
Pitched at the other end of the sci-fi market from Transformers 2 , this is too quirky and cerebral to be a hit , but it 's more than a space oddity .
A smart futuristic tale , blending paranoia , drama and humour .
What a joy - old-school , intelligent sci-fi .
Psychedelic sci-fi ? Glam rock goes off-world ? No : wordy and overwrought like a radio play in space .
An indie sci-fi movie ? That 's what the director Duncan Jones has put together , to mostly inspired effect .
With its measured pacing , melancholy tone and eye for prosaic details , Moon is very different from the glossy sci-fi blockbuster - and far more satisfying .
It 's not fair to say that the film runs out of steam towards the end , because it remains crisp and unpredictable , but it does have the feel of an addictive Outer Limits episode finding ways to stretch itself over the feature-length mark .
Intelligent , resourceful and elegantly made , Moon marks a mightily impressive low-budget debut from director Duncan Jones .
Thanks to a solid script and Rockwell 's excellent performance as the intriguing and entertaining Sam , Moon is involving stuff .
Jones , as writer and director , has fashioned a good-looking , claustrophobic piece despite his limited resources .
It 's one of the best original film ideas in ages - it 'll leave your mind whirring for days .
A superbly crafted , well directed and brilliantly acted film that ticks every box and is nothing short of quality hard-core sci-fi .
Enjoyably trippy , brain-bending stuff , but the most satisfying thing about Moon is that it marks a return to the notion of science fiction as a genre fuelled by big ideas rather than big special effects .
A minor masterpiece . Quite simply Moon , given its minuscule budget - around 2.5 million - is a cinematic miracle . The film is one of the best examples of thought provoking sci-fi that we have seen in an age .
Parental Content Review
Not even the marvellous Sam Rockwell -LRB- all two or more of him -RRB- can quite make up for the lack of dramatic impetus . You watch it and you keep thinking : Oh no , I ca n't cope with all this acting !
It 's basically non-violent , yet at moments I felt a deep % u2013 not horror , exactly , more like dismayed awe % u2013 at what we are discovering with Sam . My companions and I left the theatre feeling very satisfied , and I hope you will as well . Moon feels
With Ziggy Stardust for a father , Major Tom for an uncle and , presumably , the spiders from Mars for assorted in-laws , is it any wonder that Duncan Jones chose a science fiction project to mark his feature film debut ?
Moon gleefully steals from other , superior sci-fi flicks but still manages to make a statement all its own .
A throwback to the relatively thoughtful , adult-oriented science-fiction films that briefly were in vogue in the late 1960s and 1970s .
A boost to the usually disappointed sci-fi genre ; Jones is a director to watch .
This unique cinematic doozy is a refreshing alternative to the mindless summer blockbuster fare .
No Starchild . No ultimate trip . No jive-talking robots . Just good old-fashioned story-telling .
A heady trip into the landscape of the mind .
Moon has heart , brains and a sense of humor , not to mention some nifty model-based special effects ... and a blockbuster performance by Sam Rockwell ...
Most contemporary sci-fi movies come on with all CGI-guns blazing , trying to blow the roof off the theater . Moon settles for trying to blow your mind instead .
Moon is darn good science fiction .
This eerie drama harks back to sci-fi movies of the late 60s and early 70s that explored inner as well as outer space .
Storywise , Moon fails to live up to the promise of its premise . There 's plenty of atmosphere , but little gravity .
In brief , stark moments , Duncan Jones ' movie makes plain how awful it is to be so solitary , how utterly impossible it is to consider this existence a `` living . ''
All this would n't matter if Sam Rockwell did n't anchor this cleverly claustrophobic spectacle .
If Jones felt any first-film jitters , they are nowhere to be seen in his debut film , the technical proficiencies of which belie the relatively low budget .
Moon is , quite simply , an astonishingly good debut , supremely confident and assured .
In much the same way we take for granted the fact that science drives our lives in countless and invisible ways , Moon takes a satisfyingly pragmatic approach to the extraordinary .
What makes this science-fiction/thriller really work is that it favors a more cerebral style of storytelling . There are clear nods to such sci-fi classics as 2001 : A Space Odyssey .
Universal questions : How is it that Sam Rockwell , one of the finest actors on the planet , has yet to get the notice he deserves ? And how could you miss this stellar feature ?
For a ` paranoid thriller ' to work , the paranoia has to rise and rise until a climax at the finale , not give away the game halfway in .
Ultimately , Moon is n't quite the transcendent experience that it clearly strives to be . But as ambitious science fiction , it achieves liftoff .
Duncan Jones 's intelligent , hugely moving debut deftly resurrects a mutinously old-fashioned style of SF .
Esoteric and a little frightening , a serious-minded sci-fi rumination for viewers who strive for more out of their genre pieces than pyrotechnics and jive-talking scraps of metal .
Comparisons to `` 2001 '' or even Ridley Scott 's `` Alien '' are n't far-fetched .
Raises all the right and most interesting questions about what it means to be human in the manner of some of the best science fiction .
Compellingly haunting human tale of survival that just happens to be set in outer space .
Moon is first-rate science fiction , tackling such issues as identity , individuality and the effects of isolation on the psyche and the soul .
Watching Moon is kind of like seeing a booster rocket thrust seventies ' sci-fi films deeper into orbit .
Directed with a sure hand by Duncan Jones , Moon is the anti-Transformers , a science fiction tale that owes as much to fiction as to science .
... one of the most entertaining and flat-out engrossing sci-fi efforts to hit theaters since Steven Soderbergh 's woefully underrated 2002 Solaris remake .
Moon does n't arrive with a train of ballyhoo , but its quiet charms easily drowns out the clatter of bigger , dumber pictures .
With its artful use of old-school miniatures rather than computer graphics , Moon engages the eye as much as the mind . Here 's a canny director who does n't let technical prowess overwhelm his sure , resourceful sense of human drama and character .
By the end , I was totally hooked into Sam 's attempts to figure out what was happening in his ` weird ' mind . And I had forgotten all about 2001 .
The under-appreciated Rockwell finally gets a leading role -- make that roles -- worthy of his considerable talent .
Essentially a one-man , two character piece , `` Moon '' could be an old `` Twilight Zone '' episode nurtured into a feature .
In the end , Moon raises disturbing ethical questions about science and bioengineering , but it 's the emotional questions the film poses -- about memory , about family , about identity -- that really resonate .
It invites us to think about the logical extension of industrial policies that turn human life into a commodity , and it has a narrative inventiveness that makes sly commentary on its place in the sci-fi movie continuum .
For those who like their science fiction with a little science or their movies with plenty of conversation fodder for dinner afterwards , Moon is tough to beat .
Moon is closer to what die-hards expect when they hear the term ` sci-fi , ' and its existence reminds us that serious movies within this genre are not dead -- they 're just hiding .
Moon is a hugely enjoyable , impressively directed sci-fi drama with a well-penned script , great production design and a terrific performance from Sam Rockwell .
An exquisite gem of a science-fiction picture ... pitched squarely at the patient , intelligent adults in the audience who want to have a good think .
Astutely imagined as a futuristic thriller with formidable impact -- a dark and well thought out moonscape in what we may hope is pure fantasy .
It just may be the most boring movie ever made -- period .
Rockwell 's performance is a real tour de force .
As a piece of entertainment , Moon is a failed experiment . Yet though it never becomes enjoyable or gets even within hailing distance of fun , it has some interesting ideas .
Movies as daring as Moon should be applauded before all little films are replaced by safer , hipper models of themselves .
Jones has a very interesting existential idea here , and though he frustratingly does n't exploit its every possibility , he does give a great actor an opportunity for a tour-de-force performance .
Sam 's predicament touches on issues from the deconstruction of human nature and the commodification of human life to existential loneliness , alienation and the dehumanizing effects of corporate ruthlessness .
Moon is a terrific alternative for science fiction fans who like to think in addition to simply being thrilled .
One of the best films of its type to come around in a long while .
Written and directed by the first-time director Duncan Jones , Moon devotes itself to the mystery of the multiplying Sams . It 's a modest , melancholic undertaking , and a little virtuous , too .
Director Duncan Jones also taps into the visual style of Silent Running , which was directed by special effects wizard Douglas Trumbull . Taking his cue from Trumbull , Jones creates a vivid but far from perfect futuristic world .
Moon is a superior example of that threatened genre , hard science-fiction , which is often about the interface between humans and alien intelligence of one kind of or other , including digital .
Jones is a methodical filmmaker , and he conveys his plot without mucking it up too terribly , but he 's also dull .
The cool and unvarnished heir apparent to the throne of low budget indie sci-fi thrillers .
This excellent little science fiction film is a welcome throwback to an earlier era , when filmmakers used the canvas afforded by outer space and/or the future to explore ideas about the human condition .
This is a deep and inventive exploration into the human psyche , made believable thanks to a wonderful performance from Rockwell .
Very inventive .
I was inspired as much by the movie 's egghead take on science ficiton as the bravura performance from Sam Rockwell at the center .
If only Hollywood was willing to make more science fiction films like this one .
Intriguing and suspenseful with awe-inspiring visuals and terrific , well-nuanced performances by Sam Rockwell in dual roles .
Rockwell excels at the burdensome task of playing against himself .
Though we love pretentious grand sci-fi , this film feels kind of thin , just a corporate scandal-philosoph ` cal show .
As the two Sams struggle to find their humanity , the film struggles to find entertainment within the esoteric . While they 're trying to figure it out , we 're left stranded on the dark side of the moon .
Moving at its own leisure yet suspenseful pace , the movie is a mediation on what it means to be human , the central themes familiar yet intoxicating all at the same time .
Mr. Rockwell gives a brilliant performance , the physical production is impressive and Moon made me think .
By keeping the human element front and center throughout the film -LRB- and kicking the story into an intriguing new dimension at the end -RRB- , the director has avoided winding up where so many extraterrestrial tales often do : lost in space .
Like a lot of great scifi , it tells a small , self-contained story while hinting at something far larger and more troubling ... It 's one of the best movies of the year .
The film 's ideas are interesting , but do n't feel entirely worked out , and Mr. Rockwell 's intriguingly strange performance -LRB- or performances -RRB- is left suspended , without the context that would give Sam 's plight its full emotional and philosophical impact .
The interior shots are well done and the series of extreme close ups on Rockwell 's face really give you a sense of isolation .
A science fiction movie based on actual ideas .
It changes gears from unsettling mystery to a moving , mournful , existential space drama .
A minor gem of existential anguish and a kind of kooky sci-fi Communist Manifesto .
Moon is a sight for sore eyes on a couple of levels .
A seriously impressive debut from British director Duncan Jones .
Moon is a small film but it effectively and credibly captures the beauty , melancholy and eeriness of space while telling a surprisingly human story .
It feels like a `` moon '' trip we 've taken before in better films but Sam Rockwell is brilliant in a tour-de-force performance .
Duncan Jones , son of David Bowie -LRB- nee David Jones -RRB- , makes his feature debut with a calling card that shows his potential as a filmmaker .
A compelling low-budget sci-fi drama about a lonely astronaut on the moon who faces one conundrum after another as he tries to cope with the changes in his life and destiny .
... either an over-extended or under developed treatment of a good idea . There 's not enough there there to make `` Moon '' an exceptional genre piece .
An intelligent , evocative and deceptively low-key sci-fi adventure .
Director Duncan Jones -LRB- son of David Bowie -RRB- , working from a script by Nathan Parker , pulls off sci-fi miracles on a $ 5 million shoestring . Moon is a potent provocation that relies on ideas instead of computer tricks to stir up excitement .
Why do n't we see movies this mesmerizing more often ?
This is Rockwell 's movie .
Moon is enjoyable as much for its small scale and solid execution as for its crazy twists and creeping existential dread .
-LSB- Duncan Jones -RSB- sets out to reclaim the humanity in a genre that 's been overtaken by special effects and the opportunity to spin-off toys and videogames . He succeeds .
An intellectual sci-fi tale that unabashedly takes its inspiration from 2001 : A Space Odyssey . Unfortunately , it resembles the Kubrick masterpiece less than an episode of The Outer Limits .
By film 's end , it feels like you 've been talking to the same robot as always .
Moon really gets under the skin as it probes the nature of humanity while keeping us on the edge of our seats .
Moon is the first feature to be directed by Duncan Jones , who is David Bowie 's son , and he brings it a grimy industrial look , as well as witty touches like giving Gerty a smiley-face screen that changes expression in tandem with Spacey 's voice .
Though there is a considerable gap between his level of ambition and execution , Jones deserves credit for making an intelligent sci-fi that respects the genre 's conventions -LRB- and limitations -RRB- and does n't rely much on f/x .
The whole film feels like a throwback to classic sci-fi films -LRB- think 2001 , Blade Runner -RRB- , days that did n't rely so much on CGI but on good old-fashioned and clammy human panic .
Impressively pulled together on a modest budget , Moon has a strong lead and a valid philosophical premise but , despite Bell 's fissured psyche , the drama is inert . Ground control to Major Tom : Moon orbits an idea , but it does n't go anywhere .
The intelligence and care with which the movie was produced makes the script 's minor deficiencies stand out in contrast , but on the whole , Moon is the sort of trippy sci-fi dystopia that 's best enjoyed on the big screen .
Moon does something extraordinary : It seems familiar and derivative , yet upends your expectations about science fiction and surprises you over and over .
`` In an age when most big-budget science fiction films are made by people with no respect for science or fiction , Moon is a welcome pleasure .
Rockwell digs deep , dredging up a variety of emotions as these two versions of the same man .
An intelligent and improbably touching film that is atmospheric as hell and never once feels fake or forced .
An assured , mesmerizing tale of intergalactic loneliness , self-inquiry , and man 's innate , enduring hunger for life .
`` Moon '' is the best sci-fi movie to come along in a generation or two .
Should be enthusiastically greeted by serious sci-fi devotees , because it 's a smart story that does n't spell everything out but is n't maddeningly ambiguous , either .
A sad but clever science-fiction exercise about a man working alone on the Moon , with nothing but a talking computer and tape-recorded calls back to Earth to keep him sane .
Take the entrancing , all-white production design and thrilling score of 2001 : A Space Odyssey , the psychology of Solaris and the energy-mining subplot of Outland , and you have Moon , an ethereal and philosophic new entry into th
Moon is definitely one of the better science fiction movies to come out since Children of Men and Sunshine .
What is better than a film starring Sam Rockwell ? How about a film starring two Sam Rockwells ! That do it for you ? Because it did it for me .
One of the most compelling sci-fi films of the past 20 years .
Jones displays such a complete command of his narrative that it is hard to believe this is his first feature .
The amazing visuals and sound design -LRB- make -RRB- the movie so riveting , but its ability to let Rockwell shine with such a brilliant and rounded performance will probably be appreciated more .
Moon manages to be both derivative and deliberately rebellious in its treatment of sci-fi tropes . Moon is a story that digs deep into the traumas of people being people .
If there 's still an audience for old-school , ideas-driven allegorical science fiction , it will undoubtedly find much to cheer for and perhaps a bit to laugh at in first-time director Duncan Jones ' ambitious if slightly uneven debut Moon .
Moon wo n't disappoint , but it 's not likely to stick with you either .




@highlight

Boosted by Sam Rockwell 's intense performance , Moon is a compelling work of science-fiction , and a promising debut from director Duncan Jones .