From -LSB- Michael -RSB- Shannon to -LSB- Nicholas -RSB- Hoult , it 's refreshing to see actors most recently associated with big-budget properties like Superman and X-Men get their hands dirty with this gritty little picture .
There 's more than enough originality on display to wet the beaks of sci-fi and western fans alike .
The problem is that the film is in perpetual fast-forward mode ... speeding through all its flash and developments .
An awkward , heady mixture of science-fiction , soap opera , western and Greek tragedy but the quality of the performances and the cinematography render it better than you might have feared .
It 's intermittently arresting but ultimately exasperating .
There has n't been as convincing a sci-fi dustbowl story since the original Mad Max .
There are some intriguing concepts at play here , and a striking visual style amid the harsh arid landscapes , yet the slow-burning story boils down to simplistic elements of revenge that feel familiar .
In the hot , dry world of Jake Paltrow 's dystopian western , Young Ones , the characterizations are as sparse as the desert foliage .
The performances are strong . It 's rare to find anyone who can hold their own with Shannon on the screen , and here we have three who are under 25 ... But the story hints at complexities that it never bothers to explore more fully .
`` Young Ones '' is a futuristic look at a world with little water , but the most barren thing in this Western-sci-fi flick is the character development .
Young Ones has some interesting twists but falls short as a reworking of a classic Hollywood oater .
A dusty , Old Testament tone poem of obsession , savagery and other darker human impulses , Young Ones grapples with the long shadows that sins of the past can cast , and the question as to whether they can be escaped .
Young Ones tosses a few science-fiction gadgets into a thin , uninspired Western saga and hopes they 'll compensate for the tedium .
Drawing influences from The Road , the Westerns of John Ford , and a little bit of Mad Max , Young Ones is a completely unique visual experience .
Young Ones is unstable as far as strong performances and unique storytelling go , but its beautiful cinematography and ability to blend the sci-fi and western genres seamlessly helps categorize the film into a satisfying non-guilty pleasure .
There 's no real connection between the characters ' interactions and the futuristic setting .
Too bland to qualify as a really notable disaster , `` Young Ones '' finds young Paltrow still trying to find his voice .
No matter how grim the future may be , it deserves a better movie in the here and now .
The setting is futuristic , but the themes are ancient in `` Young Ones , '' Jake Paltrow 's eccentric merger of frontier western and science-fiction gadgetry .
What could have been a really exceptional movie on the great fight for water and a horrifying portrait on lives lived in isolation just kind of limps along to its finish with all the conviction of a dismissive shrug .
So despite all that ambition and craft on display , why does the movie feel like such a stiff ? That 's largely because Paltrow 's attention is so focused on big-picture details he takes his eyes off what 's happening in the foreground with his characters .
Would that there were more beneath the surface of this strange brew , but it 's certainly compelling while it lasts .
Young Ones is an old-fashioned , worthwhile curio with just enough gee-whiz special effects and a soul as cold and grand as Erich von Stroheim 's Greed
Despite beautiful cinematography and quality performances , `` Young Ones '' never finds a way to sew its good ideas together . The predictable plot is as dry as the desert it portrays .
A mishmash of ideas and self-conscious execution .
It avoids the typical trappings of the genre pastiche by utilizing its clear indebtedness to numerous other films as merely a starting point , rather than an end .
Tries to squeeze a little too much into a relatively scant running time , but overall YOUNG ONES is a pretty intriguing sci-fi effort . Michael Shannon is outstanding .
Even grading on a curve for originality , `` Young Ones '' only halfway works . But it 's a genuinely idiosyncratic vision of near-future doom that 's never boring , with characters and images that will stick in my mind longer than many better , soberer films .
As much as I wanted to enjoy it , Young Ones ' over-stretched plot and stunted script leaves it feeling like an art-house short that was given too much money .
Gets so bogged down in its primal tale of murder and revenge that the most intriguing elements become little more than futuristic window dressing .
As bone-dry as the harsh environment where its characters live , Young Ones gives us a futuristic Western so bleak that its pitiless tone becomes downright mesmerizing .

@highlight

Visually compelling but narratively barren , Young Ones adds little to the dystopian Western genre .