Unabashedly derivative but nonetheless entertaining .
`` Jackpot '' plays like an over-the-top story told by a drunken film fan at a bar : `` Dude , I just saw this movie and it was CRAZY . You have to see it . '' Trust me , you do n't .
Here is a mean-spirited movie about bad-hearted people in which the central question seems to be which of these characters is the nastiest of the lot .
Capable , candy-colored , often giddily gruesome Euro-action from Norway , replete with lottery winnings , double-crosses , discreet vivisection and a shootout in a strip club called `` Pink Heaven '' with a single survivor whom the police want explanations from .
As an absurdist suspense film , `` Jackpot '' mostly hits its marks . As a comedy , it 's less successful , stronger on sight gags than on the detective 's sarcasm .
It 's probably a good thing that the characters are so unlikeably dumb in Magnus Martens ' violent black comedy Jackpot . You do n't want to become attached to any of these guys . They tend to disappear quicker than cast members on Game of Thrones .
Certainly , a lot of blood is spilled in the name of laughs . There 's only one problem with its broad attempts at grotesque comedy : Jackpot simply is n't funny .
Jackpot feels more like Guy Ritchie than the Coen brothers . It revels in moronic violence , unleavened by playfulness or wit .
Blood-spattered crime comedy benefits from whip-smart pacing and quirky Scandinavian attitude .
Chronically let down by a lack of character development , with no spark at the off to get the whole thing rolling .
The recent influx of Scandanavian thrillers and murder mysteries gets an amusingly grimy entry .
Jackpot lacks the breakneck narrative drive of the previous Nesbo screen adaptation , the terrific Headhunters , but keeps things gripping with its own share of sick twists and grisly gags .
A true `` black comedy '' if ever there was one .
Short but not at all sweet , this is a dark but nevertheless entertaining crime drama .
-LSB- A -RSB- highly entertaining Scandinavian thriller ...
Some may find it sickly amusing .
-LSB- H -RSB- as some outrageously , disgustingly funny moments -- I laughed a lot , in isolated bursts -- but it 's lacking that certain oomph that makes it unquestionably brilliant .
It lays on lashings of crim-bickering and jauntily scored arterial spurting when all you can stomach is some crispbread .
One of the patchier entries in Scandinavian noir 's recent purple patch .
As straightforward - and disposable - as an airport paperback .
Ultimately let down by boring , unlikeable characters , a derivative , over-familiar plot and an unsatisfying finale .
The narrative sags , encumbered by increasingly unlikely coincidences .
Martens punctuates proceedings with moments of black humour and sudden , shocking violence , while the sheer frequency of twists , double-crosses and switchbacks keep the plot rattling along .
There 's a bit too much carnage and bloodshed but it 's a cracking , crazy , well-paced Norwegian time killer .
Casually gruesome and corpse-littered , it 's a shaggy dog story with an almost buried emotional core about friendship , betrayal , temporary alliance and craftiness .
It 's a fun but very lean premise upon which to base a thriller that requires all-or-nothing buy-in from its audience .
While not a game-changer , Jackpot is the kind of sprightly low-budget import which is likely to reward fans of the Nordic crime genre .
Although it ca n't help but feel a touch retro in comparison to Sweden 's more sophisticated recent output , it gets by on good-humoured bad taste alone .
The outrageous nature of the story is balanced by the matter of fact naturalistic performances and the smart directing , which makes the most of the genre 's edgiest tools
The Scandinavians do black comedy well and if you 're a lover of the genre , you 're on a winning ticket with Joe Nesbo 's Jackpot
Violent , predictable and splattered with morose humor , if you are willing to suspend disbelief back to the days before DNA testing , this Norwegian holiday tale makes for moderate , middlebrow entertainment .
The only thing Martens takes seriously is his humour - and it pays off handsomely .
It is a savagely funny and brutally stylish pulp thriller that will impress fans of the genre .
Guy Ritchie may have creatively moved on from his Tarantino-inspired debut , Lock , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels , but international crime cinema has not , as again evidenced by Jackpot .
In his sophomore feature , helmer Martens delivers on the promise he displayed in his debut , United , creating a stylish and pacey action-comedy full of spot-on performances , inspired but gruesome gags , with crack comic timing and barbed dialogue .

@highlight

With plenty of dark humor to leaven the bloody mayhem , Jackpot is an entertaining murder mystery with a suitably quirky Scandinavian twist .