The technically accomplished result is cheesy , engaging but unmemorable ` time-pass '
Instead of being moved by the story , I was thinking more about the many illogical plot points in the film .
Roshan anchors the film with a solid , believable performance and a palpable chemistry with his co-star that will remind audiences just how hot a good Bollywood romance can be .
Deliriously entertaining and shamelessly derivative .
a straight-to-video tale that somehow mysteriously managed to find its way to the silver screen .
Not even the incoherent mishmash of plot ... can entirely dim the appeal of this match-up between a blue-eyed Punjabi and a blue-eyed Mexican of almost equal comeliness .
Kites is an aromatic , cinematic Indian mutton stew -- if that sounds different from usual movie fare , it is . It 's a Bollywood mixture of romance , violence , action , music , and differing cultures and languages . Kites flutters and plummets .
To anyone versed in Bollywood conventions , it 's a natural outgrowth of the genre , and a comically overwrought but still generally fun time .
The pulp is served thick , with so much sincerely purple passion it 's disarming .
It 's a film that proves the concept `` overwrought '' is the same in every language .
Often terrible , yet completely engrossing film from Indian director Anurag Basu .
A lush , lavish Bollywood-meets-Hollywood fantasy , available for viewing in both a shorter and longer version , courtesy of Brett Ratner .
By the third act , you find the characters and story growing on you and the romance , despite the histrionics , moving .
The result is a lovers-on-the-lam blast of pure pulp escapism , so devoted to diversion that you probably wo n't even notice the corn .
Kites is , essentially , a love story . With exploding cars .
Director Basu also has a tendency to backlight scenes , giving them epic , otherworldly glows that become all the more distracting with their increasing predictability .
A weird fusion of romantic excess , overwrought violence and crudely-staged action , all played to the rafters , filmed in garish colors and accompanied by a bombastic background score .
There are many words that could be used to describe `` Kites '' in a review -- indeed , even the trusty Oxford English Dictionary almost seems inadequate for such a task -- but `` boring '' is most definitely not one of them .
Kites morphs into an action picture , complete with unfathomable chase scenes and a Thelma & Louise ending that is laugh-out-loud hilarious .
It tells a simple story -- an almost archetypal story -- but it does so with a lot of passion and technical sophistication .
An intense , exciting and highly entertaining film .
In its telling , the love story draws from westerns , musicals , film noir , chase thrillers with stunts so preposterous they verge on parody -- and it gets away with everything because of Basu 's visual bravura and unstinting passion and energy .
Kites pulls no punches in its histrionic story of love and revenge . It also spares no expense in the telling with the cast of primarily Hindi actors gnashing their way through a beautifully stylish production and several large-scale action set pieces .
Basu strictly observes the B-movie convention of giving the audience an embrace , explosion , or chase sequence at regular intervals . If you do n't like the genre , wait three minutes .
Not even the incoherent mish-mash of plot -LRB- mostly faux Sergio Leone by way of Tarantino and Rodriguez , with periodic car-flipping chase sequences -RRB- can entirely dim the appeal of this match-up .
Bollywood 's widest U.S. release to date , hitting 215 stateside screens , is ironically atypical : a romantic melodrama in English , Spanish and Hindi , with nary a dance number .

@highlight

Thoroughly overwrought in true Bollywood fashion , Kites is deeply flawed -- and too effervescently charming to resist .