Dustin Hoffman makes his directorial debut - at the impressive age of 75 - with this very English slice of life .
The movie , like the play it 's based on , is more about reminding audiences that talented people are often still talented in their later years . It 's safe to say that Quartet will be the feel-good movie of the year-for anyone over 65 .
Dustin Hoffman 's directorial debut is the latest example of a recent Hollywood effort to cater more to an older audience .
More lethargically paced than even the slowest of its geriatric characters , the movie creeps along with all the dull , inoffensive inevitability of old age .
Will she , or wo n't she , join the others on stage in a quartet rendition of Verdi ? Not to worry : it all unravels splendidly in this teeth-in-a-glass comedic drama .
While Hoffman seems very aware he 's gently closing the book on an entire generation of entertainers , he nonetheless allows them to do what they 've always done best : be entertaining .
If this film is any indication of -LCB- Hoffman -RSB- creative capacity as a director , one can only hope that he will pursue his third act with as much vigor as his first .
Beyond the Masterpiece Theatre set design there lies a cunning tribute to the easy command of experienced actors and to the art that brought them there .
There 's so little drama and conflict involved that the whole film washes over you without making much of an impact .
As portraits of old age go , Quartet is better than that other recent retirement comedy The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel , but only in the way a touch of lumbago is better than shingles .
This film about four retired opera singers who regroup in their old age is as brilliant and lovingly composed as the operatic pieces that soar through the background . In short , it leaves longing for an encore .
There 's a joy in watching seasoned performers play off one another , provided you do n't get confused -LRB- as my seatmate did at the screening -RRB- and think this is Harry Potter and the Teachers ' Lounge .
Dustin Hoffman 's directorial debut is an affectionate , moving and charming film that offers a series of wonderful roles for a distinguished cast of veteran British performers .
The film 's scant plot plays second fiddle to Hoffman and Harwood 's nuanced exploration of love so long unrequited .
Dustin Hoffman 's directing debut about retired musicians in the third act of their lives has a winning , classy charm for older audiences .
A slight but immensely charming romantic comedy that is perfectly performed by a regal cast headlined by Maggie Smith , Tom Courtenay , Billy Connolly , and Pauline Collins .
For all the references to its characters ' infirmities , Quartet delivers quite a cosy and light-hearted version of old age , but Hoffman 's deft direction and his cast 's note-perfect performances make it enormously entertaining .
Dustin Hoffman waited 75 years for his directorial debut , and the resulting film makes one wish he had stepped behind the camera decades earlier .
A quick and charming story of late life revival so surprisingly lithe you 'd hardly believe it was a directorial debut .
Dustin Hoffman , directing a film for the first time , gives us a film as comfortable as an old stuffed chair .
The point is n't that Dustin Hoffman 's directorial debut suffers in comparison with other films about old age , such as Amour . The point is that it 's so spectacularly silly and sentimental , it simply suffers in comparison with other films .
After Quartet , actor/director Dustin Hoffman should never direct again . Perfection like this can not be repeated , and from here , everything is downhill .
As the film 's characters are reaching the end of their lives , loose ends will be tied and soul searching will be done . Hoffman gracefully orchestrates the story 's emotional arc . Quartet is a lovely late-career surprise from a master actor .
The first thing to note is that Hoffman has apparently had a grand time working with these professionals , all of whom as residents of the home are splendid .
Unfolds with a respectable , well-heeled polish , seeming to believe that its admittedly wonderful cast lends it an automatic sophistication which inoculates it against charges of tedium .
At 75 , Dustin Hoffman makes his directorial debut with ` Quartet ' and demonstrates some real promise if the acting thing does n't work out .
Plays nice -- too nice
Though sweet of demeanor , Dustin Hoffman 's directoral debut is purely lightweight stuff , built around a flimsy plot and obvious choices every step of the way .
`` Quartet '' asks the musical question , `` Is there such a thing as too much Maggie Smith ? '' and answers it with a resounding `` No . ''
The film is quiet and personal , as are others based on Harwood 's work -LRB- `` The Dresser , '' `` Taking Sides '' -RRB- and that trait is enforced by Hoffman 's straightforward and unforced direction .
Unlike the devastating portrait of aging in Michael Haneke 's Amour , Quartet favors cheeky over honest .
While ` Quartet ' seems to be part of a double feature with ` The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel , ' it does lack ` Exotic 's ' breadth of characterizations and humor .
Of course , let 's take care not to oversell this piece , which is the sort of genteel art-house offering that will thrill older audiences but seems unlikely to break out with those who do n't know Downton Abbey from Howards End .
Charming , funny , and sentimental , the film is exactly what you expect it to be , but very satisfying in achieving that goal .
` Quartet ' is one of the best movies you 'll ever see about old age and while it does wind up as a celebration of life it does n't flinch when dealing with some of the unpleasant realities of growing older .
`` Quartet '' is one of those movies that looks so effortless , it 's easy to forget just how much could have gone wrong .
Coasts on the charm of its performers , the gloss of the visuals -LRB- the cinematography by John de Borman keeps us alert to Hedsor House 's loveliness -RRB- and the genteel fantasy of its oh-so-civilized setting .
` Quartet '' is a lovely little charm bracelet of a film , a fairy tale for the geriatric set blessed with a wonderful cast and a carry-on attitude .
This ensemble is a lively fun bunch that warrants several curtain calls .
Hoffman , in his directorial debut , has crafted a hopeful movie with a warm atmosphere , but one that 's realistic , too .
The premise may sound insufferable , but this light comedy about a nursing home for retired classical musicians is n't half-bad .
Hoffman and Harwood are n't afraid to show us old people who are rude , demanding , unreasonable and foolish , though the final overall mood remains blissful .
Whatever his imprint on the film might be , it 's overshadowed by the performances of its stellar , veteran cast , to whom Hoffman wisely gives ample rein .
There is something splendid about seeing fine actors at the top of their game , still nailing it - in a movie about older performers , still nailing it .
Stay for the credits ; they 're a lovely , poignant reminder of the passage of time , and of lives spent immersed in art and music .
Hoffman directs with elegance , allowing the denizens to be dignified , as well as adorable . We get a strong sense of each major character .
Always cute and breezy , `` Quartet '' often forgets that its protagonists are in a sobering stage of life , and that there 's comedy to be found there as well .
In his first attempt at directing since Straight Time , Hoffman makes this bauble shine by buffing out some of its sentimentality .
It 's so low-key that it 's soporific .
Quartet shows us how art illuminates our lives , and shows us artists and performers who can still , after all these years , do some illuminating .
Dustin Hoffman 's directorial debut is simply an old-fashioned charmer , relying on the considerable talents and charms of its seasoned British cast to win you over .
While the movie touches on issues of aging and self-worth , it 's really an excuse to gather some elite British actors and indulge in a musical house party , AARP-style .
Hoffman trusts his actors , and directs this thoughtful comedy with a sure hand .
`` Quartet '' is about what happens when a performing artist 's physical gifts start to fail with the years ; whether acceptance or resistance is the wisest response ; where to put one 's pride . The movie just couches these issues in a cozy love story .
Nothing in `` Quartet '' will knock your socks off , but if you think of it as a big-screen version of one of those pleasant BBC shows about the mild adventures of kind people , you 'll have a good time ...
The material settles for amiably familiar observations about the difficulties of growing old and the glories of being surrounded by beautiful music .
It has a good heart . I 'll give it that . Maybe what it needs is more exotic marigolds .
Does n't avoid all of the traps of the genre , but Hoffman does show good taste , particularly in casting .
Dustin Hoffman 's affection for old show folk , and old actors , shines through every frame .
-LSB- S -RSB- o genuine and heartfelt that it transcends its own stereotypes and clichés to become something quite lovely .
At a time when big screens reek with violence , explosions , and torture , it 's refreshing to see ` Quartet ' deliver a message about the value of friends , music and love -- at any age .
Endearing and astutely engaging , this deliciously tart comedy is , essentially , a British film that revives the old Mickey Rooney/Judy Garland ` let 's put on a show ' formula with great panache .
Easy to take despite the easy-pathetic , easier-comfy screenplay .
Masterpiece Theatre comfort food , a chance to watch fine actors act without too many complications .
Quartet is a bit shameless in its approach , but for those who enjoy a whimsical drama that includes scenery chewing from grand dames and hammy fellows , it 's a welcome if often predictable treat .
It 's a modest crowd-pleaser with a sterling cast of British veterans that celebrates performers past and present .
A delightful dramedy directed by Dustin Hoffman revolving around a couple of unexpected encores .
No movie starring these actors could possibly be all that bad . But Quartet is tepid when it wants to be sophisticated , a slow-moving , middlebrow endeavor .
... the film is as easy to take as a freshly baked scone with Devonshire cream .
Charming , but entirely predictable .
The characters in Quartet may be on their way out , but they are n't giving up without a fight .
Charming comedy about elderly opera singers is fine for teens .
A mild but perfectly pleasant entertainment from playwright Ronald Harwood and Dustin Hoffman , staying offscreen here to make his directing debut .
` Quartet '' is n't a penetrating inquiry into aging . Who wants that ? We all know the facts , so let 's not begrudge some fancy .
Quartet is ultimately too thinly conceived , lacking a compelling dramatic throughline .
This is a lovely film directed with delicacy and taste , profoundly alive to the rhythms of its actors and characters , which gives its superlative British cast of stage and screen legends the time and space they deserve .
Mr. Hoffman 's direction is impeccable , John de Borman 's camera bathes the story in warm radiance , and the end credits are not to be missed , since they reveal who 's really who in the supporting cast .
A sincere but sloppy piece of work .
Hoffman uses all he 's learned as a virtuoso actor to shape a film of flesh-and-blood characters , flushed with humor and tenderness .
Everyone onscreen is experienced enough to realize that we create our own fates , regardless of the directions in which we are pushed .
A genial bore , full of underplayed drama and mildly frisky comedy .
Like many actors-turned-filmmakers , first-time director Dustin Hoffman -LRB- yes , that Dustin Hoffman -RRB- indulges his performers above all else ...
Quartet knows just the tune to soothe its mature target audience ...
The straightforward screenplay is elevated considerably by a series of sterling performances .
Charming . A much happier take on old-age than AMOUR .
The carriage trade will line up for debut helmer Dustin Hoffman 's endearing treatise on aging and music , which is far more delicate than The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel .
The result is a movie of enormous intelligence .
Sentimental and pandering ...
As for Hoffman 's direction , the aforementioned montage notwithstanding , it 's unobtrusive but not invisible ... and the ending is pretty much perfect .
Much talent and lovely performances are lavished on a creaky , disingenuous story ostensibly about old age
Hoffman 's sensitivity as a director is evident in his ability to handle an ensemble work that turns upon subduing and orchestrating competing egos .
-LSB- Quartet -RSB- shows that even in ` November ' there are days when the weather can still be wonderful . And the end-credits picture montage of what some of the cast used to do at their peak , cleverly illustrates how spring and summer pass quickly enough .
The whole project feels just a little patronising towards the older demographic . Are n't they quaint ? Are n't they naughty ? Are n't they cheeky ?
For his directing debut , Dustin Hoffman takes no chances , filling the screen with gifted actors who are working from an intelligent script .
Let us praise simple things , especially when they are done as well as this .
Quartet could so easily have fallen foul of that overused theme `` Is n't the world confusing when you get old ... '' but luckily it avoids such stereotypes .
With this and `` Marigold Hotel , '' we seem to be on a roll with films aimed at people over the age of 30 .
There is nothing startling or challenging about Quartet , but it 's a delightful film that touches on themes of ageing and the enduring importance of art .
It 's an accomplished film that draws strong performances from very fine actors .
Pretty thin stuff ... a geriatric version of the old `` let 's put on a show ! '' plot ... but it 's been cannily cast for maximum effect , and Hoffman gives the actors plenty of room to do their thing .
Even Merchant Ivory , purveyors of cinematic porcelain to the gentry , would have hesitated over this particular tea set .
`` Quartet '' is polite enough to be short , I 'll give it that much .
Warm-hearted , watchable comedy-drama enlivened by an engaging script and a quartet of enjoyable performances from Smith , Connolly , Collins and Courtenay .
... American actor Dustin Hoffman 's feature directorial debut and although it aims for the same demographic -LSB- as `` Best Exotic Marigold Hotel '' -RSB- and has its own share of cliches , it 's a mite better than Madden 's film .
Hoffman , of all people , should have respect enough for Smith to give her something meatier to chew on .
It 's hardly cutting-edge stuff but Hoffmann , 75 , is clearly in his element working with these talented British veterans .
A scattering of small , lovely moments , but hardly setting the screen alight , especially with its cop-out ending .
It 's hard to rally against a film as fun and as easy a watch as this , and it can hardly be a bad thing that a previously under-served audience is now forming the crowd that a new wave of films are eager to please .
It may appear undemanding ... but there are deeper themes swirling beneath the surface to which Hoffman shows a sympathetic ear in this pleasing debut .
There 's a gentle , sugared honesty in Quartet about old age : it stops short of anything too testing or tragic .
A frothy and often charming directorial effort from Hoffman , his first in a Hollywood career that 's spanned five decades , that will keep Downton fans happy .
A charming , beautifully acted character comedy that proves you 're never too old to say `` never '' .
Very few people embark on a new career at 75 but the warm , engaging Quartet proves that Dustin Hoffman is a director of considerable promise .
A mild blend of comedy and sentiment , heavy on the sentiment and , unfortunately , far too light on the comedy .
It 's a movie with the atmosphere of a day centre in which the windows are never opened .
So often today , the older generation rejects movies because they think they 're not for them . But Quartet is .
With an obvious love for British gardens and heritage-protected interiors , first-time director Dustin Hoffman ... delivers a congenial , easy-to-like comedy-drama .
A host of supporting actors played by singers and musicians grounds its more farcical and rarefied elements in white-haired reality .
Terribly cloying and cutesy .
Connolly stands out as the up-to-no-good Scot with a wandering eye , while Smith is in her element as the would-be ma'am .
This breezy , whimsical dramedy is a well-executed exploration of a simple idea - that even stars are n't immune to deteriorating memories , failing co-ordination and irritability .
A meditation on aging and the possibilities for transformation of four retired opera singers in a retirement community .
The humour is wry , the drama is intimate and the rhythm of the editing carries us through to a satisfying ending
I smiled throughout this funny , stirring and uplifting film in which talents , egos and temperaments dance in time with the music
Hoffman 's lens adores his performers . His debut lavishes his two leads Courtenay and Smith with key dramatic and cinematic spaces to shine .
Hoffman 's film could n't offend if it tried . Age , however , has yet to wither its veterans ' undimmed star appeal .
`` Quartet '' is very much a performance piece , which plays to Hoffman 's strength - as an actor he knows when to allow this excellent ensemble breathing room and when to tighten the belt .
A big-hearted and veddy English chamber piece , never mind that it was directed - respectfully and with love - by famous Yank Dustin Hoffman .
For a movie that aims to make four artists ' last spotlit hurrah a revel-worthy moment , Quartet should n't urge the viewer to welcome the closing of the curtain .
If moviegoers under the age of thirty skip this feature , they 're missing a comedy that will show them what their lives will be like decades later -- if they 're lucky .
Occasionally charming and well acted - especially by Maggie Smith - if memorable largely as Dustin Hoffman 's game first foray behind the camera .
This is a lovely picture with welcome heart , allowing Hoffman to take to directing without sacrificing his thirst for human study , shaped over the last five decades of his own work .
Quartet has a warmth and charm that 'll likely make it a firm hit with the same crowd that turned out for The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel .
Quartet tugs confidently on the heart strings with the residents ' fragile health and painful memories .
The idea of `` grey pound cinema '' - there 's a lot of it going around - may be a wee bit patronising , but this film is not .
Hoffman has a gentle hand with his ancient cast and a doting eye for the English country house .
Hoffman has delivered a love letter to the elderly thesps of his adoptive country . We can forgive him its falsehoods .


@highlight

It 's sweet , gentle , and predictable to a fault , but Dustin Hoffman 's affectionate direction and the talented cast 's amiable charm make Quartet too difficult to resist .