Older teens may enjoy ; too creepy for kids .
The movie starts out as one thing and suddenly jumps the tracks into something else . Then there 's the question of credibility that this abrupt switch invites .
A tawdry cocktail of red herrings , cheap psychology , and shameless horror-movie tropes .
This movie has more red herrings than an Agatha Christie novel combined with the aquarium downtown . The real question is , ` How did this stinker attract such a big name cast ? '
Shameless in its appropriation of incidents and atmosphere from earlier horror movies , with De Niro giving one of the emptier performances of his latter-day career .
The best way to tell when things are getting bleak is to check Dakota Fanning 's face . When she starts to look like a poached egg , that 's when you better hide .
The ` surprise ' ending in Hide and Seek is not only unreasonable , but also downright unoriginal .
A lame showcase for DeNiro 's monotonous blankness and the hysterics of Fanning .
What starts out as a promising take on a very serious issue is minced into another standard Hollywood offering .
Hide and Seek may be the most extreme illustration yet of the fears a father faces about his daughter 's potential suitors . It 's sheer stupidity .
He buys a house that 's far too large for a single parent and his child , obviously selected just because huge , 19th-Century style houses are scarier than two-bedroom condos .
Hide and Seek goes off the rails when the secret is brought into the light because it feels like a cheap gimmick , and not an original one at that ...
De Niro gives an intriguing performance ... thills , suspense , scares and surprises ...
A highly polished turd , perhaps the shiniest money can buy ... by now the only way De Niro can shock us is by maybe appearing in a movie that is n't a total embarassment .
Hide and Seek is a technically slicker paranoid thriller than director John Polson 's previous Swimfan , but its esteemed posture makes it even trashier .
The film grows more comic as it 's supposed to be scary .
The film also cleverly gives us not one but two leading ladies -LRB- Elisabeth Shue and Famke Janssen -RRB- so we can have fun guessing which of them wo n't make it to the final reel .
Qualquer um que queira assista a O Amigo Oculto duas vezes vai perceber a falta de lógica do roteiro e. . . Ah . Entendi . Não há este risco .
Right up until the last 15 minutes , Hide and Seek is an efficient , effective thriller
Dakota Fanning does the creepy child routine quite effectively . DeNiro , on the other hand , barely breaks a sweat .
One can practically imagine the blank stares and shaking heads of viewers left in disbelief here .
... Better than the average new release dumped into theaters every January .
De Niro continues his long slide into mediocrity with yet another charmless psycho-thriller .
Check it out if you like the horror genre . It was not bad at all .
If it was n't already the case , Robert De Niro 's name on a project now means absolutely nothing .
... its surprise twist is more annoying than frightening .
A film in which no character ever turns on the lights , because if they ever did , we could see exactly what was happening , and how stupid it really is .
You really got ta deliver when you build things up through such an elongated set-up , and in the case of this film , it just did n't come through in the end .
The movie turns out to be such an idiotic , bald-faced cheat that the skillful build-up almost makes it worse .
The movie goes down the tubes in the last third .
It 's obvious no one making it bothered to look for an ending that made any sense .
In a classic case of bait and switch , Hide and Seek squanders its carefully built setup .
I jumped twice in Hide and Seek , but John Polson 's new thriller has only a good , but painfully wasted cast to recommend it .
All the while , it 's slowly grabbing a rubber chicken off the table behind it , getting ready to suddenly stick the tired old gag in your face right when it has your attention .
The movie follows a tired formula almost from the start . It 's a long road , and we see every twist coming from miles away .
A predictable pastiche .
-LSB- An -RSB- idiotic , yawn-a-minute thriller .
Hide and Suck
An ordinary , mildly suspenseful , eventually preposterous thriller that warrants no more attention or thought than the time it takes to watch it , if that .
Robert De Niro is batting 0 for 2 with creepy thrillers .
Its great surprise assaults our better judgment .
DeNiro 's been in enough good films to recognize that this film is a steaming pile of garbage that no amount of great acting would ever be able to rescue .
Critics would do well to simply cut-and-paste their slams of last year 's Secret Window -LRB- this film 's doppelganger -RRB- and leave it at that .
This movie has so little to hide that you 'll figure out whodunit long before the credits roll .
Basically another episode of Lifestyles of the Upscale and Haunted that features the latest example of Robert DeNiro in full `` Where 's my paycheck ? '' mode .
This barely even qualifies as a movie . It 's an easily digested piece of commercial product , not unlike a loaf of bread or those pantyhose that come in an egg .
Does quite well precisely what it sets out to do .
Follows no semblance of internal logic .
... wait until it is available for DVD rental and spend the money you saved to order a pizza .
... as far as I 'm concerned , this movie was a disaster ... .
Come out , come out , wherever you are ... good dramatic scripts for Robert DeNiro , that is .
The film 's weakness lies in its transparency more than in its execution .
... if you want to see the next big thing in thrillers , little Dakota Fanning may be it , but the rest is pure straight-to-DVD .
I think it 's just so well made , so well photographed .
To enjoy this movie you have to leave logic outside the theater and just go for the thrills and chills .
The bottom line is that this movie is highly compelling and utterly creepy .
Robert DeNiro , once deservedly hailed as our greatest living film actor , hits rock bottom with this insipid film ...
It is one thing for a movie to be boring and awful , but it is quite another to be insulting , in bad taste , and utterly ridiculous at the same time .
A psychological thriller that dangles over the precipitous edge of awfulness a full 90 minutes before toppling into that abyss with the resounding clatter of Robert De Niro 's ham-on-rye overacting .
` Come out , come out , wherever you are ' probably sounds much more menacing in the halls of CAA , where De Niro is no doubt stalking the agent who sold him on this film .
Besides a nice sense of visual style , there 's nothing to this creepy-child thriller .
-LSB- Director John -RSB- Polson offers up a few chilling scares , but the underwritten screenplay really does show off -LSB- Hide and Seek 's -RSB- weaknesses .
Through its first two-thirds , at least , Hide and Seek does a good enough job of piquing our curiosity that the movie 's ultimate dumbness is more than a minor insult .
This film is ultimately a waste of one 's precious time .
It is a waste of both time and talent , a glut of performers whom all deserve better suffering through the ignominy of a wretchedly botched missed opportunity .
`` Come out , come out , wherever you are '' sounds hauntingly inviting . Still , one should take the contrary view and remain hidden from this perfunctory peek-a-boo picture
`` Trauma causes pain '' - but what about the intense psychobabble in this horror-thriller ?
All of its ` shocks ' are the film equivalent of having someone shout ` Boo ! ' in your face .
Seek ends with a whimper and not a bang , but at least it finally ends ; sadly , this turns out to be the highlight of the experience .
It 's so absolutely preposterous that it stops the film cold and draws a collective ` Aw c'mon ! ' from viewers wondering if maybe they should take back some of that ill will that greeted M. Night Shyamalan 's surprise turn of events in The Village .
The movie 's only rewards are a few unintentional laughs , as when the sheriff -LRB- Dylan Baker -RRB- calls Emily a ` cute kid ' after a long stretch in which she 's been acting and looking battier than Sunset Boulevard 's Norma Desmond .
Hide and Seek is the worst sort of horror film -- one that takes itself seriously without having anything to back up that attitude .
The camera leers at 10-year-old Fanning to the brink of criminality .
Little Trauma Girl -- her already wide eyes increasingly encased in dark shadows -- now faces life in a humungous scary house .
Hide and Seek arrives with a promotion worthy of William Castle : a final reel SO SHOCKING , it 's delivered separately to theaters via ARMED GUARDS ! That 's the good news . The bad news : The other reels arrive as well .
Hide and Seek really is n't a suspense thriller at all . It 's a mystery movie . It 's always a mystery when highly talented people commit the time and effort to a film that is so obviously mediocre .
The movie 's twist did n't become obvious until a few minutes before the climax . Maybe that 's because it is so unpalatable and heartless that it hardly seems feasible .
The film plays out slowly , with many gliding , late-night Steadicam shots down long hallways , towards closed doors , while we hear clichéd music , creaking floorboards or dripping water .
For the first hour or so it builds inexorably to an excruciating level of dread . It does this so well , we 're willing to forgive the small lapses of logic it takes to get us there .
The second half gets downright silly as the country home turns into a slaughterhouse . What could have been a Sixth Sense-style intelligent thriller heads straight for the drive-in , though it 's still handled with considerable skill .
As a fright movie , Hide and Seek is only a middling thriller . But as a tip sheet for real estate shoppers in wooded rural areas , it 's top-notch .
The film , written by Ari Schlossberg , is part of a larger , bothersome new wave of Hollywood hack work : Producers are wrapping their ham-fists around handsomely shot dread-and-twist endings .
Give us a reason to care .
Not only is De Niro phoning it in these days . It also feels like he 's got the Tribeca Film Festival or some other business interest on the other line .
The result is more campy than scary , and in the horror game , that means nobody wins .
Do good actors make a lousy movie any better ? A little . But they 're wasting their time and ours . That creeps me out .
It does have more laughs than De Niro 's other current picture , Meet the Fockers , but in this case , that 's not much of a selling point .
The mystery is maintained only through characters ' behaving against their own interest , doing things they would n't do , failing to mention things they certainly would mention .
There are few scares and even less logic .
It 's a genuine scare-fest that will have you squirming in your seat and even screaming aloud . Hide and Seek is the best little psychological thriller in a long while .
The movie is bad in the sense of being morally reprehensible .
There is also a plot twist that comes about two-thirds in , which is supposed to be shocking , but is actually one of the least-surprising , least-scary ` surprises ' in recent memory . It may provoke more laughter than chills .
It becomes rather soggy pulp , without a core of deep sense .
-LSB- M -RSB- akes you wonder who has pictures of Robert De Niro doing what , and does that mean we 're gon na get one of these movies every year from now on .
The last weekend of January is traditionally a dumping ground for turkeys at the multiplexes , so do n't say you were n't warned .
There was a point in the movie when suddenly everything clicked , and the Law of Economy of Characters began to apply . That is the law that says no actor is in a movie unless his character is necessary .
High class briefly gives way to high camp , which then itself dissipates to an anticlimactic thud .
It does n't get stupid for a long time ! That 's the finest compliment these kind of movies can aspire to . This means you 'll have a decent time .
Another of those real-estate horror movies that sticks it to urbanites who overspend on picturesque Victorian houses in towns where the locals resent them . For city folk in rambling country homes , something wicked this way comes .
Hide and Seek is a stellar example of the fact that the best acting in the universe can not help a poor script - or poor direction .
It 's become almost trite to criticize him for his recent string of dubious movies , but we 'll do it anyway , because he 's capable of so much better .
Once upon a time , horror pictures like this one played urban grind houses and starred the B-movie likes of Wings Hauser . The gloss of A-list casting and slicked-up production values does n't necessarily serve them well .
Peekaboo , we do n't want to see you .
Far be it from me to spoil the secret , but I will say this : The last reel should 've been sent straight to the city dump .
You wo n't find anything startling or memorable .
If you were playing hide and seek and someone started counting from 1000 , you would most likely tire of the game before they got to one - same thing with this movie .
Another wrongheaded , stilted and obvious thriller . Yawn ...
As for DeNiro , I 'd rather seem him do another commercial than watch him waste both his time and mine on material that Steven Seagal would reject .
Movies about the psychological abuse of a child can be powerful when the subject matter is handled in a serious , sensitive manner . But when it is employed as a plot device to enable a surprise revelation , it becomes offensive .
Extremely derivative , sure , but prior to its last half-hour , it 's also sort of amusing as a genre `` Where 's Waldo ? '' .
As expected , the most fun thing in the film is Dakota 's Mexican Staring Frog performance .
An absorbing , understated thriller until it totally self-destructs in the final reel with a twist we 've seen too many times in recent years .
-LSB- An -RSB- easily forgotten entry in the oh ! - bet-you - did n't - see-that - coming sweepstakes .
Is Dakota going mad ? Does she really have a secret playmate who is wreaking havoc on everyone ? Is the home possessed ? And how many more minutes are left in this movie , anyway ?
The movie is not without merit . Ten-year-old Fanning ably handles her part , which alternately requires her to adopt a thousand-yard stare and look like a scared little girl .
Scary , creepy , mean , and I watched it through my fingers . That said , it is an insult to all of us with Imaginary Friends .
Face it : Dakota Fanning is scary .
Unless you 're a connoisseur of movies that are so bad they 're good , Hide and Seek is one game you 're not going to want to play .
Add this movie to Robert De Niro 's climb up Mount Hackdom .
There is n't much of a story holding up the plot , just a few clever ideas that are at best slickly executed set pieces and at worst empty scares .
If you 're really looking to be terrified , skip this film and rent Uptown Girls instead .
Robert De Niro rises to a formidable challenge in this sufficiently unsettling thriller : he holds his own against the scene-swiping 10-year-old actress Dakota Fanning .
The movie 's main purpose seems to be to make audiences squirm uncomfortably . Yelp and shriek in armchair-clawing glee ? Not likely .
The plodding director , John Polson , reliably telegraphs the big boos , and the next time I see an actor gingerly open a cupboard and get knocked back by an overamplified screeching cat , I 'm walking .
The movie wants in the worst way to be among the new wave of big-screen chillers , served with a twist . As the old joke goes , they 've succeeded -- in the worst way .
First-time screenwriter Ari Schlossberg builds an atmosphere of free-floating apprehension through most of its length before pulling an 11th-hour switcheroo that undermines the stars ' commendable efforts .
With a less than stirring performance by Robert De Niro , this one will leave seasoned psychodrama fans underwhelmed .
Fanning plays a girl , haunted by her mom 's death , who makes Wednesday Addams look chipper . It 's great casting .
A slow but steady-paced thriller
Even though Hide and Seek 's chilling tag phrase -- `` Come out , come out , wherever you are ! '' -- may be enticing , just stay right where you are .
A nifty little thriller with some effective psychological and supernatural flourishes .
The actor who gave us Johnny Boy , Travis Bickle , Jake La Motta and the young Vito Corleone still has his chops .
It 's a fascinating meeting of equals -- if the child star challenged the master to a game of stare-down , the legend might very well blink first .
Hide and Seek is trashy , but there 's no fun to be had in its ugly child-endangerment psychoses ... The hidden-in-plain-sight `` secret '' : another crappy movie .
It 's no fun watching an innocent child suffer so much , just so we can be entertained by a ` Boo ! '
It may be an efficient horror exercise , but not an exercise you 'll much enjoy participating in .
Though it 's not a great movie by any stretch of the imagination , Hide and Seek does manage to hold the viewers interest throughout ...
One long , intolerable wait for the viewers , who can hear the gears of the script creaking .
ALMOST a good movie . Of course , that close call with competence is averted with an ending that gets worse and worse as it drags on and on
Not great , but an all star cast helps soften the rough edges .
illiterate ... a desperate film that runs out of gas
It was really only a matter of time before 10-year-old Dakota Fanning brought her unsettling precocity to the horror genre . And it 's a bit of a waste .
Another movie in which rich white people who do n't seem to have or need jobs move to a mansion in the country to be terrorized by a mysterious , faceless , evil .
Not the supernatural thriller you might be hoping for .
Borrowing from creepy classics such as Psycho , The Shining and Amityville Horror , Hide and Seek rises above its derivative subject matter because of its stellar cast .
quickly devolves into a camp parody of everything it purports to be about , including Robert De Niro 's acting ability
De Niro is slumming and he knows it .
If the ridiculous title and the cheap emotional blackmail of putting a pretty little girl in peril are n't enough to tip you off ...
An absorbing mystery-thriller for its first hour ... until it races off the tracks toward a dumb , albeit predictable , twist ending .
An elaborate equation consisting entirely of bad horror tropes and trashy psychological symbolism .








@highlight

Robert De Niro and especially Dakota Fanning have earned some praise for their work in Hide and Seek , but critics have called the rest of the film derivative , illogical and somewhat silly .