This is a wildly creative film that plays on your heart and your head , stunning in its rich imagery and ambitious in its themes .
The film is one of those rare beasts , with a sense of genuine permanency . It beds down in your mind , like it is preparing to live there for a while . It is not pretty , but it is , sometimes , very beautiful .
... all the shivering intensity and satisfying denouement of the darkest Grimm 's fairy tale .
Bewitchingly bonkers .
Pan 's Labyrinth is n't a total success , but it confirms that del Toro is one of the few genuinely visionary directors working today . And his best may still be to come .
It 's so audacious and so technically accomplished , and arrives here garlanded with so many radiant superlatives , that I wish I liked it more .
-LSB- del Toro 's -RSB- creatures are just wondrous !
The story is a compelling and deeply involving one , and the film is both beautiful , exciting , and sometimes horrifying . The creature effects are superbly handled .
The cinematography and creature effects are terrific , while the subtitles never get in the way of the story which follows young girl Ofelia -LRB- Ivana Baquero -RRB- into a nether world which will test her to the limit with a series of dangerous tasks .
Haunting and visually spectacular , this Spanish fable is not a story for children so much as an illustration of the blurred line between reality and daydreams that manifests with such resonance in childhood .
In this magical and immensely moving film del Toro presents both the narrative strands as equally real , equally plausible .
This is an amazing work of cinema by any estimation , and is by far one of the most original and memorable films in recent memory .
It 's less of a labyrinth than a forest path , one that takes you through wonderful scenery but does n't lead anywhere .
We are never allowed to get truly lost in Pan 's Labyrinth . The fantasy sequences are fetching when they should be intoxicating , while the scenes above ground are largely prosaic .
Watching the unique explosions of Guillermo del Toro 's mind realise themselves on screen is truly astounding .
With strong performances by much of the cast , particularly the young Baquero , and almost-seamless special effects , the praise is well earned .
It sinks deep into your soul and surprises you with its bravery and warmth . As harsh as it is human , filmmaking does n't get any more enlightened than this .
We are left with the unsettling knowledge that , in the universe crafted by Guillermo del Toro as well as in our own , we are always surrounded by monsters .
I feel as if I 've seen not only the best fantasy movie for ages but also probably the best horror film .
Pan 's Labyrinth seems as if it has a direct , unfiltered link to the horrors that can haunt a child 's mind . It 'll likely lurk in yours for weeks to come .
Grotesque and macabre thrills here , but not a fantasy-masterpiece . There 's a drawn-out-ness to the plot that extends to the time-period being overdrawn . Captain Vidal 's an overstated fatherland fascist ; the political history becomes morbid melodrama .
This remarkable film spins a yarn about a little girl trapped between a dream world of ghouls and real-life monsters during the Spanish Civil War , and it works remarkably well , simultaneously enchanting and horrifying with almost every frame .
This grim spin on Alice in Wonderland is del Toro 's finest work to date .
Pan is clearly not for kids . But it is an eye-popping political fable filled with magic realism -- and real magic .
A stark , disturbing fairy story for adults . Its provocative vision of the monsters of fascism and childhood packs chilling power .
This darkly attractive film has a painterly quality to its visual look and some impressively elaborate animatronic effects that will delight genre fans .
Guillermo del Toro has crafted a masterpiece , a terrifying , visually wondrous fairy tale for adults that blends fantasy and gloomy drama into one of the most magical films to come along in years .
This is a fantasy realm so fully and elegantly realized , it might be the adaptation of a classic novel . Yet the source is Del Toro 's own capacious imagination .
Both magical and brutal , del Toro 's film is a memorable exploration of the enduring power of fairytales .
The close-out of Pan 's Labyrinth not only underlines its status as one of the great fantasy films of all time , but also its importance as a work of refined social and historical commentary .
a captivating , albeit unstable , blend of anti-Fascist social commentary and a visually sumptuous childhood fable
Fully deserving of its place in a distinguished political-fabulist lineage
Ofelia 's smock is swiped from Alice , her faun from Narnia , and her magic book from Harry Potter , Del Toro sets her fairytale apart with its unrelenting gore and misery .
One of the best films made in the last ten years ...
Arresting though they may be , these mind-boggling effects , shot with limpid mystery by Guillermo Navarro and accompanied by chitinous whirs and crackles on the uncanny soundtrack , do n't disrupt the double narrative but intensify it .
Pan 's Labyrinth is a punishing , evocative poem . It is part ferocious reality and part fearful fantasy .
Pan 's Labyrinth us that such fantasy offers no real escape from dreadful reality .
... a dark and wonderful fairy tale for grown-ups ...
It 's an odd mixture , and one which many prospective viewers may feel uncertain about , but it 's very much worth watching .
Pan 's Labyrinth suggests that fairy-tale violence helps the vulnerable process and overcome real-life conflicts and that real-life violence permanently smashes the soul and the heart .
-LSB- A -RSB- beautiful but relentlessly bleak fairytale .
A film with vision ...
in Pan 's Labyrinth , the world of Ofelia 's imagination and the realities of Falangist Spain are two different , ideologically opposed ways of telling the same story - a story of tyranny , resistance and the timeless struggle between good and evil .
We feel pity , terror , disgust , wonder , astonishment , shock , and , ultimately , hope . It does everything we could ask ... .
I saw better films in 2006 -- but none more imaginative than Guillermo del Toro 's communal masterpiece . Bring a friend , and you 'll have plenty to talk about .
`` Pan 's Labyrinth '' is impeccable filmmaking ; it alone might be enough to seal del Toro 's reputation as a master of cinema .
It contains both incredible beauty and horrific violence .
... An exquisite picture with equal doses of the fantastic and horrific .
It is excellently made , and I am very glad I saw it , but I could never see it again , no matter how cool the faun was .
A fantasy for adults that will make you feel both the intense wonder and fear of childhood more than any film in years .
Del Toro parallels the horror of two civilizations -LRB- one real , one imagined , each with their own monsters -RRB- , crafting a rich and violent film for grownups who have n't lost touch with their childhood resources .
It is not my cup of grim ...
Guillermo del Toro 's excellent new film , `` Pan 's Labyrinth , '' is a violent , enthralling children 's movie made for adults .
Del Toro has an unmistakable aesthetic -- his movies bear the stamp of an auteur .
... `` Pan 's Labyrinth '' is an outstanding film and , along with fellow multiple Oscar nominee `` Babel , '' a true testament to the talent that exists outside America .
In the British newspaper , Guardian Unlimited , del Toro credited British illustrator Arthur Rackham and the works of Goya ... Guillermo del Toro has joins their ranks with this film .
Is Pan 's Labyrinth a war movie with fantasy elements ? Or is it a fantasy film laced with political allegory ? The beauty of del Toro 's story is that it could be read either way .
When was the last time a fantasy flick brought to mind Schindler 's List ?
A gorgeously executed and disturbingly violent moving picture poem that bravely flies in the face of genre convention and stands alone in its purpose .
Pan 's Labyrinth is bold and original , a mini-masterpiece of fantasy filmmaking that deserves to be seen by a wide audience .
Pan 's Labyrinth , a masterpiece of fantasia by Mexican director Guillermo del Toro , is at turns exquisitely beautiful , horrifying , and heart-wrenchingly sweet .
Blending fantasy and reality , Pan 's Labyrinth is an engaging film about a young girl looking to escape the horrendous environment in which she finds herself .
A woman 's revolutionary fearlessness , with a touch of magic .
Del Toro 's film reveals a sad truth . With each life experience , one gets further and further from the naivete that makes pure imagination possible .
In no way can one mistake this for a children 's film .
Un ambicioso y no del todo convincente cuento de hadas para adultos , que reivindica el poder de la imaginación como vía de escape ante la adversidad y como arma frente a la intolerancia .
... told both from the numb , accepting view of an adult ... and from the eyes of a child where even the tiniest glimmer of hope pierces the darkness like a shard of starlight .
So breathtaking in its artistic ambition , so technically accomplished , so morally expansive , so fully realized that it defies the usual critical blather . See it , and celebrate that rare occasion when a director has the audacity to commit cinema .
the most beautiful and redemptive film of 2006
This one has mind-blowing visuals that employ many ` organic ' effects -LRB- del Toro prefers to use makeup prosthetics and other devices , eschewing computer graphics -RRB- .
An uneasy mix of childlike , Tim Burton-esque imagination and brutal Spanish war-torn drama .
Employing elegance , tension , fright and invention , Pan 's Labyrinth holds court with rapture and awe from start to finish , with an invigorating conclusion solidifying it as the stuff of stories-turned-legends . It 's one of the best films of 2006 .
Although it 's a story of a child 's fantasy world , Pan 's Labyrinth is not for children .
Unlike many other popular fantasists , del Toro is brave and honest enough to acknowledge that if fantasy is a refuge , it 's not necessarily a shield .
A dark fairy tale that only Guillermo del Toro could bring to life . The screenwriter/director can do no wrong .
A film of great visual imagination , depicting a child 's dream world on one hand , and man 's inhumanity to man in the real world .
Guillermo del Toro 's Pan 's Labyrinth brilliantly melds the realms of fairy tale and brutal 20th-century history . Beautiful , horrible and deeply affecting , it 's the 21st century 's first film masterpiece .
The fantasy segments are splendidly spooky and full of memorable images ... a haunting heartbreaker ... that dares to enter a troubled child 's mind to sympathetically sort out the contents .
Del Toro has realized a work of art that 's too terrifying and politically motivated for young audience members who should be swept up in Ofelia 's royal dreams .
An imaginary garden with real toads .
A gorgeous film that ought to be seen on the largest screen possible -- try to catch it in a theater .
Holy ruby slippers , is this one grim film . Enthrallingly spooky , appropriately frightful , but grim . Grim like it might make the Brothers Grimm say , `` Well , it 's a bit dark , is n't it ? '' in an accusatory tone .
Films this extraordinary do n't come along every day -- or even every decade .
The dual story threads merge seamlessly in del Toro 's elegant style .
... a maze of naive politics and gruesome brutality . It 's no more about Franco 's Spain than a can of Franco-American spaghetti is about Italian food .
Guillermo Del Toro has achieved a rare success in crafting a mature movie with some of the ingredients that make a good bedtime story . But good luck sleeping after taking in Pan 's Labyrinth .
A dazzling masterpiece . Can not be seen just once .
The movie is a visual marvel , with a depth that goes beyond storybook effects . Del Toro creates a tenebrous visual undertow that pulls Franco 's Spain and Pan 's labyrinth together .
It 's as if Lewis Carroll 's Alice had wandered into a Francisco Goya painting , particularly the famously gruesome Saturn Devouring His Son , in which an ancient demon has ripped the head off his progeny .
The film is impressively acted all around .
A violent fantasy set during the Spanish Civil War , this magical film from Guillermo del Toro manages that intellectual high-mindedness , even as it resonates on a primal , mythic level .
Pan 's Labyrinth is an astonishing tale in which a child employs her vivid imagination to keep herself sane in a world gone mad .
A haunting , but beautifully conceived mix of fantasy and reality that is like no other film released in 2006 - or any other year .
-LSB- Del Toro 's -RSB- stories have the haunting persistence of repressed memories filtered through history and folklore that can make audiences tremble with recognition , and is the hallmark of fantasy as social , sexual and psychological allegory .
In its supremely confident and effortless blend of the fantastic and the grittily realistic , Pan 's Labyrinth not only compares favorably with Terry Gilliam 's best work -LRB- Brazil -RRB- , it also exceeds it .
It explores the connection between fantasy and reality , with eyes wide open to the dangers of giving either too much credence . That it works on both levels is impressive ; that it makes them so clearly one is the stuff of art .
It is an adult fairy tale that will lead grown-ups to eagerly await the day that their own children will be old enough to understand .
This backdrop of intrigue creates violent scenes that may have you turning away from the screen . Beautifully designed and full of its own strange poetry , Pan 's Labyrinth is nonetheless not a children 's movie . Take its ` R ' rating seriously .
Ofelia , you break our hearts . But you also restore our confidence in human decency .
Triumphs both as allegory and riveting adventure tale .
... a powerful , haunting film replete with phantasmagorical visions and inexorable dread . Painted in shadows and lit by a moon the color of a frog 's belly , Pan 's Labyrinth is an emotional cousin to David Lynch 's creepy puzzle films .
Mexican filmmakers are having a good year , in whatever language they film ... However with Pan 's Labyrinth , Del Toro may have topped them all .
Pan 's Labyrinth resembles a cross between Alice in Wonderland and H.P. Lovecraft , with some Buñuel thrown in for good measure . It 's a tribute to -- as well as a prime example of -- the disturbing power of imagination .
In coming up with one of the finest modern fantasies to date , del Toro seamlessly blends two stories , one set in the aftermath of the Spanish Civil War and the other in a parallel realm of fairies and fauns .
Mexican writer-director Guillermo del Toro couches his allegory about fascism in a tale as cruelly fascinating as any from the Brothers Grimm .
Pan 's Labyrinth is del Toro 's home run . He 's delivered a film full of power , beauty , horror and , ultimately , sadness .
Labyrinth director Guillermo Del Toro is a master at making the otherworldly seem this-worldly and vice versa .
With Pan 's Labyrinth , director Guillermo del Toro taps the same magical vein that made his Devil 's Backbone so memorable .
Pan 's Labyrinth is beautifully shot and designed , but it 's the acting that makes it a remarkable emotional journey .
`` Pan 's Labyrinth '' is one of those films that 's so moving , heartbreaking and wonderfully haunting , you sigh when the end credits roll .
The movie is that original , and that attuned to the power of myth . I do n't see why it should n't sit on the same altar of High Fantasy as the Lord of the Rings trilogy -- it 's that worthy .
Guillermo del Toro gives us one of the masterpieces of the fantasy film .
The acting is superb , and Baquero steals the movie .
The sets , the sights and the sounds are original and imaginative , but the dirty little secret is that a little of it goes a long , long way .
The magic that many films promise actually works in Pan 's Labyrinth .
If you are prejudiced against fantasy , put those prejudices aside . If you see one film this year , make it this one .
There are lessons to be taken from Pan 's Labyrinth -- the value of belief , hope and courage , for example -- but the whole is such a dingy downer that despite the fine performances on display , it is impossible to recommend it .
Del Toro 's gratifying surreal and fantastical instincts now have an unstinting moral eye on the world . Saying a filmmaker has matured suggests that he 's forgone what made him so entertaining in the first place .
Pan 's Labyrinth works on several levels . It boldly captures the horror of war , the bloody violence as well as the emotional stifling of the soul , and juxtaposes it with the enchantment of a nether land bathed in hope and eternity .
Pan 's Labyrinth plays with dark magic , a hideous enchantment spun with grief and torment . It is emotionally devastating and sensuously rich : Details are as sharp as the ching of a straight-edge razor , as strange as the squeal of a magic root .
This is n't kids ' stuff , though adventuresome teens would find plenty here to engage them . It 's dark poetry set to startling images , a one-of-a-kind nightmare that has a soaring , spiritual center . It 's not to be missed .
It 's pitch-perfect , impeccably conceived and replete with subtext and meaning . It is , in other words , a masterpiece .
It all adds up to what many regard as the year 's best film -LRB- a National Board of Review best picture -RRB- , a work of imagination that is thrilling and feels like something completely new .
Technically magnificent and flawlessly acted , the picture incorporates 20th century Spanish history and classic fairy-tale elements in a way that seems completely new .
Pan 's Labyrinth , like del Toro 's previous and related The Devil 's Backbone , is a saturated vision , an artist 's work . What it lacks is successful unity .
The dark violence of the film -LRB- parents , note : Pan 's Labyrinth is not for children -RRB- is leavened by its invention -- by the way it pushes the limits of reality and fantasy , each world overlapping with the other .
A magical , frightening and heartbreaking movie for adults who want to take the journey , and read the subtitles .
... as repellently fascinating as watching a snake devour a rabbit .
Fairytales are seeded in the darkest of forests , and Pan 's Labyrinth emanates as one of the most enticing .
... an elemental Alice in Wonderland amidst the horrors of Francisco Franco 's reign of terror in 1944 Spain .
Pan 's Labyrinth catapults del Toro to the top ranks of international filmmakers . His fertile imagination appears to have no limit , and all his previous work is hopefully a mere warm-up for a fecund future .
The creator of such pulp prodigies as Hellboy and Blade II , del Toro mingles myth and history in Pan 's Labyrinth , and produces a masterpiece of magical realism .
Pan 's Labyrinth , with its unblinking sense of the baroque , may be a tough sell for anyone generally not interested in fantasy . But the film is one of the most original and spectacular of the year .
A dark , creepy , sad tale of incorruptible innocence and ultimate sacrifice .
One of the most fascinating , imaginative yet darkly disturbing political fables of our time .
... a finely crafted film of Ofelia 's two distinctive worlds where the humans can be the real monsters and the creatures beneath the earth showing humanity .
Del Toro 's made a lot imaginative films . I think this is his masterpiece to date .
I 've seen this film three times and can not claim to know whether its fantasy characters and events are meant to exist solely in the imagination of the 12-year-old girl at the center of the story , or if she is the only human aware of them .
His palette here is deep-toned , with bottomless blacks and supersaturated oranges and blues -- as if the Walt Disney of Pinocchio had collaborated with Goya .
-LSB- Pan 's Labyrinth -RSB- is n't really a movie about one person or one historical moment ; it 's about the larger question of how history judges what we do .
Adeptly -LSB- blends -RSB- magic realism , fairytale trappings and special effects for a film charged by the unrest that lingers in the aftermath of the war .
Pan 's Labyrinth artfully fuses a war film with a family melodrama and a fairy tale . The result is visually stunning and emotionally shattering . Though graphically violent in parts , it still manages to be enchanting .
The horrors of both the realistic and surrealistic worlds are woven into the beautifully aligned narrative structure of del Toro 's story . This is fabulous filmmaking in every sense of the word .
The childhood desperation that permeates his dramatic sensibility is elevated by del Toro 's sincere devotion to imaginary belief systems rooted in cycles of nature .
-LSB- Th film is -RSB- distinguished by another in a long line of recent child performances that are nothing short of astonishing in their accomplished matter-of-factness .
A fantasy film definitely not made for children , Guillermo del Toro 's `` Pan 's Labyrinth '' is a strange but enchanting voyage into the hellish imagination of a young girl as she comes to terms with the infernal reality of her life .
It 's both blissfully naïve and emotionally heartbreaking , a movie which calls on fantasy not to distort reality , but to enhance it .
The kind of familiar that astonishes with our inability to imagine it better than the way del Toro has .
An engrossing feat of craft and imagination , ` Pan 's Labyrinth ' is among the best films of 2006 and would stand out in any year .
It is , I suspect , a film to return to , like a country waiting to be explored : a maze of dead ends and new life .
... a solid film , though del Toro fans wo n't find many surprises in store .
Though not for the squeamish or fans of Fascism , this morbidly bewitching fantasy is an enchanting , escapist fairy tale , even if one designed strictly with adults in mind .
One of the most dazzling fairy tales to hit the big screen in a long time .
A fairy tale without the Disneyfication
A brilliant juxtaposition of truth and imagination guaranteed to lay waste to every emotion .
In a year filled to the brim with magnificent visual achievements Pan 's Labyrinth might be the most spectacular of the bunch .
It 's like watching Alice in Wonderland while tripping on LSD .
It would probably have delighted Tolkien and Lewis , who believed that fairy tales help us apprehend the reality of grace as it glimmers through a screen , darkly .
Pan 's Labyrinth is one of those underdog films that needs to be seen and I encourage anyone who likes movies of any kind to check it out .
As each turn of events proves more menacing than the last to the young heroine of Pan 's Labyrinth , her mother admonishes her : `` Life is n't like your fairy tales . '' But it is . That 's the secret at the center of Guillermo del Toro 's magnificent film .
Ranks with the best examinations of children 's inner lives , but be warned : Its haunting insights are best left to adults .
It 's not every day that you see a movie that not only references both Victor Erice 's creepy modernist classic Spirit of the Beehive and Ray Harryhausen 's Seventh Voyage of Sinbad with equal reverence .
Although Pan 's Labyrinth relies heavily on special effects , including the computer-generated kind , you 're never aware of them . Del Toro , who wrote the story , has created a special universe . The spell it casts lingers long after the final reel .
Pan 's Labyrinth , horrific and heartfelt in the way it sees the trauma of war through the eyes of a little girl , is some kind of great movie .
Childlike but never childish , fabulist but never fantastical , it 's a triumph .
Pan 's Labyrinth represents a quantum leap in del Toro 's storytelling , drawing on Alice in Wonderland , Pinocchio and many other inspirations to create something quite new and wonderful .
Because the violence is used not for titillation but to create a world we can be fearful about , because the film lives up to its tagline that `` Innocence has a power evil can not resist , '' we see it all without wishing we were somewhere else .
Unlike most horror movies , this chiller gives equal prominence to reality and fantasy , though the reality is far more frightening .
Pan 's Labyrinth is a political fable in the guise of a fairy tale . Or maybe it 's the other way around .
It 's like being in a labyrinth , you never know what 's going to be around the next corner .
Is -LRB- 1 -RRB- a victim of its own hype , and -LRB- 2 -RRB- nothing like what it 's being marketed as , but there is an audience involvement writer-director Guillermo del Toro manages to work up all the same .
... a precious chance to feel the wonder and fear of childhood once again .
A fresh opportunity to revel in the darkly beautiful dreamscapes unleashed by the increasingly masterful del Toro .
The dream horrors of the labyrinth mirror the human horrors of the world above in the way that classic fairy tales , in their unexpurgated form , always have .
Whole worlds open before our eyes and then fold back upon themselves ; dimensions of time and space are creased into shape as if the movie was an elaborate origami creation .
The film is the announcement of the complete arrival of a major filmmaker , and we can only hope that the qualities del Toro brings to this work do not get lost in the maze of Hollywood for future films .
An awesome movie , but not for little kids . At all .
Del Toro 's obvious strength here is his forceful vision of a night-time fantasy and his ability to bring that vision to pulsating life .
This morbid , visually stunning fairy tale gives you plenty to think about and plenty to be entertained by .
The only part where Pan errs is in its marketing , via a top-of-the-poster blurb that proclaims it a `` fairy tale for grown-ups . ''
Like his terrific 2001 The Devil 's Backbone , Mexican horrormeister Guillermo del Toro 's new movie offers us both real-life and fantastical monsters , and if you know his work , you wo n't waste time figuring out which to root for .
An achievement . Many films with ` split personalities ' invest all their creative energy into one aspect of the story , causing the other one to founder and feel obligatory .
Literally and figuratively marvelous , a rich , daring mix of fantasy and politics .
Pan succeeds both as a spectacular special-effects fantasy and as a psychological drama , with superb actors .
An escape from everyday dreariness of which you 'll want more than the film will offer .
An astonishingly inventive portrait of childhood fears and hopes , an eerily beautiful modern fairy tale that truly merits the overused adjective magical .
He 's managed to create one of those unexpected masterpieces that both touches both our inner child and our inner cynic , something that not too many people can do .
... a startling , idiosyncratic combination of children 's fantasy and brutal political realism that switches effortlessly from early Fascist-era Spain to the fairytale world of a young girl 's imagination .
For adults who remember those long-ago nights under the covers ... its temptations prove almost too much to resist .
Guillermo del Toro 's vision has created a film that will last : an enduring fairytale that resonates and offers new interpretations with every viewing .
Visually , this is del Toro at his most fearless , effortlessly shaping a lurid realm of magic for Ofelia , and a stark , cold-blooded fear factory for the Captain .
Easily one of the most gorgeous films this year .
Rarely in film history has such elaborate fantasy been put in the service of such a profound and serious treatment of reality . But Pan 's Labyrinth is an extraordinary film made by an exceptional visionary .
-LSB- Del Toro 's -RSB- newest film is arguably his most accomplished to date .
Guillermo Del Toro creates an alternate reality where danger is a constant state and where fantasy and reality are equally vivid .
A wicked wonderland of haunting horror .
Too adult for children and too simplistic for most adults , it ultimately leaves us with some of the prettiest cinematic pictures of the year . And nothing more .
Pan 's Labyrinth unfolds with the confidence of a classical fable , one that paradoxically feels both timeless and startlingly new .
An irresistible and affecting mixture of horror , fantasy , history , and drama .
Triste como A Espinha do Diabo , esta é uma obra de força inegável e de poética melancolia , encerrando-se com uma nota ambígua que levará o espectador a refletir profundamente sobre o que acabou de testemunhar .
Pan 's Labyrinth is another jewel in a fast-expanding line of movie gems .
Dark , twisted and beautiful , this entwines fairy-tale fantasy with war-movie horror to startling effect .
Dark , dreamlike and dangerous , Guillermo del Toro 's Pan 's Labyrinth is a fairytale every bit as scary and moving as they were always meant to be .
Superbly acted and beautifully directed , this is a bewitching tale that will stay with you long after you leave the cinema . One of the best films of the year .
Maybe Del Toro wanted to make two different movies and decided to merge them together .
... offers escapism of the highest level , transporting the viewers to an entirely different world altogether that holds you in its clutches until the very end .
By juxtaposing inhuman military brutality with the idealism and imagery of a fairy tale , del Toro integrates the two , creating a credible tension between both .
Has a sumptuous visual creepiness that contributes to its affecting portrait of shattered childhood innocence .
Pan 's Labyrinth does speak to the poetic and the brutal in man .
This magnificent and moving horror-fantasy for adults has already been raking in nearly unanimous acclaim ... I 'm not only on the bandwagon , I 'm proudly riding shotgun for one of the richest films of 2006 .
A relentlessly grim and violent film that blends a redemptive fairy tale with a glimpse of the horrors of war in 1944 Spain .
It 's not only one of the great fantasy pictures but one of the great end-of-childhood elegies .
Fantasía sin azúcar y sin moralismos edulcorados .
In Pan 's Labyrinth , del Toro pays as much attention to his humans as he does to his beasts , unleashing a story with all the shivering intensity and satisfying denouement of the darkest Grimm 's fairy tale .
Best picture of 2006 : This vividly aesthetic , poignantly haunting , densely rich fable for adults represents the maturation of del Toro as a director of the first rank , raising the bar of the fantasy genre ; the most visionary film in Cannes Fest this year .
-LSB- Guillermo -RSB- del Toro is a master at this type of film , going beyond the realm of mere fantasy to create a fable wrapped within a carefully crafted drama .
It 's a brutal karate chop to the head .
Del Toro 's latest is a darkly enchanting adult fairy tale , flecked with gore and terrifying creatures , both human and fantastical .
An adult fairy tale mixed with brutal reality , the product of an exquisite imagination .
A filmmaker blossoming into true greatness ... Pan 's Labyrinth is a film of breathtaking emotional , thematic and visual depth .
If Tim Burton and Jan Svankmejer had teamed up to make The Chronicles of Narnia , the result probably would have looked something like this picture .
Unlike The Devil 's Backbone , Pan 's Labyrinth 's allegories are not particularly rich , but the film 's fantasy sequences remain seductive pageants of spiritual and cultural nuance .
Stunningly beautiful and movingly honest , this is one of best films of the year and another notch on the belt of one of the today 's most exciting filmmakers .
A disjunction remains between the story 's childlike form and its gruesome execution , but few directors are so adept at conveying both the uncanny in the real and the recognisable in the fantastic .
In his highly atmospheric film , Del Toro also extracts some excellent performances , especially Lopez , who makes his character a monster with some human qualities , and Maribel Verdú as Ofelia 's ailing mother .
I only wish more people in Hollywood would take chances on films with this kind of imagination behind it !
Engrossing mix of horror , fantasy and stark drama .
A richly imagined and exquisitely violent fantasy from writer-director Guillermo del Toro .


@highlight

Pan 's Labyrinth is Alice in Wonderland for grown-ups , with the horrors of both reality and fantasy blended together into an extraordinary , spellbinding fable .