The action scenes in this movie are so goddamn beautiful . Yayan Ruhian did an incredible job with the choreography of each fight .
If you enjoy savage , on-screen action that is unabashedly over-the-top and even sometimes borders on pastiche with all the gangster film tropes , do n't hesitate to go watch this .
The Raid 2 has Uwais back on deadly form , picking up hours after the last film finished .
The Raid 2 accomplishes what it sets out to accomplish : a visceral assault on the senses .
The violence is so stylized , so energetic , and so magnificently choreographed that it abstracts into something beyond mere brawling ; it 's about the joy of performance and the thrill of capturing that performance .
The Raid 2 is to the action genre what The Godfather II became to the mob drama subgenre - pure cinematic perfection and an epic follow-up that manages to surpass its already impressive predecessor in both scope and storytelling .
Being praised for being competent .
They fight ... and fight . And fight and fight and fight . Fightfightfight , fightfightfight .
The last half hour alone ranks it as one of the best martial arts films ever made .
A fantastic follow up that opens up the original film 's narrative while standing on its own as a unique and brilliant action entry .
There are moments in The Raid 2 that count among the best action set pieces in modern cinema . I just desperately wish they were in service of a better movie .
Arthouse martial-arts action that 's incredibly dull even when it 's being pornographic about its extreme bloody violence , and does n't even bother with the nominally original one-location conceit of the first film .
Quite possibly the ` Godfather ' of martial arts films .
This time , the action scenes spring organically from the narrative , which makes them richer and more urgent .
Evans ca n't compete with more or less obvious influences like Oldboy and Infernal Affairs , but he 's certainly no slouch in the sadism department , making his films in some ways exhilarating but also wearying , for better and worse .
While it may be reasonable to ask what our enjoyment of viciously violent movies says about us ... it 's hard to imagine anyone being left unimpressed by the sheer ingenuity of ... The Raid 2
`` If you 're able to withstand its extreme assault on your senses -LRB- at least visually -RRB- , the thrilling , action-packed film is definitely worth a look . ''
Stylishly shot , edited with a lot of confidence in the audience 's ability to follow parallel action , and ... faster and more brutal than anything else on the market .
How ` The Raid 2 ' ever earned an R rating is beyond me . I 've seen NC-17 fare that was n't half this graphic . This is one of the most violent films ever made . -LRB- Think Martin Scorsese and Sam Peckinpah to the 10th power . -RRB-
` The Raid 2 ' is the ` Super Mario Bros. 3 ' of action movies . Longer , better , more varied and just a total blast .
A very slight improvement on its disappointing predecessor ...
The subtitled `` The Raid 2 '' is in Indonesian , Japanese , Arabic and , briefly , English . But its action and drama translate to any language . It fights its way to the top of this year 's action movies .
When over-the-top is not enough
When it comes to the down-and-dirty action that results from all that plotting , this undercover cop rules . And so does the movie .
By the time you emerge from The Raid 2 's mind-boggling , show-stopping and utterly exhausting succession of brawls , gun battles , car chases and martial arts showdowns , you 'll feel as bruised and battered as Iko Uwais ' inexpressive character Rama .
The carnage is eye-gougingly savage - not for nothing does one of the hero 's most lethal adversaries go by the name Hammer Girl - but Evans choreographs the action so tightly and films it so fluidly that the mayhem is mesmerising .
Sadistic uber-violent mayhem - and the fact that it 's subtitled does n't much matter since the bloody , brutal brawling transcends the language barrier .
After the linear kick of 2011 's surprise Indonesian hit The Raid , Welsh filmmaker Gareth Evans is back with an epic-style sequel that sags under the weight of its ambitions .
Evans delivers the violence with such astonishing gusto that he barely lets us catch our breath .
Evans has put the architecture in place to make a more substantial movie -LSB- than the original Raid -RSB- but in the end delivers one that 's more engaging , which is n't , alas , quite the same thing .
'' 2 is complicated , with a lot of names and relationships needing to be memorized quickly ... ''
If Evans goes back to a 90-minute thrill ride for the three-quel , it may be worth forgiving his excesses this time around .
The hoary storyline of a cop posing as a criminal in order to infiltrate a powerful mob family has been used on countless occasions , but that 's because it 's both irresistible and intense . The Raid 2 does it justice .
British director Gareth Evans has done a super-charged job presiding over this white-hot Asian action knockout , the dizzying , enthralling , visceral sequel to the hit 2012 film .
The greatest achievement is that it does n't try to be the first film . Instead , it simply tells another story , a different story , which makes the whole thing work .
If there is such a thing as too exciting , The Raid 2 is it .
It is adolescent male wish - fulfillment fantasy of the most retrograde kind but , as action cinema , the Jakarta-set thriller The Raid 2 is riveting fare .
Inspired mayhem . Iko Uwais is a phenomenon . We love you Hammer Girl .
The action is just as bloody and bruising as the first movie 's fights , and Uwais -LRB- one of the film 's fight choreographers -RRB- shows the stuff to become a major international action star .
Men snap , crackle and pop before our eyes , their broken bones part of the gloriously kitsch , balletic fun .
The choreography and performances overall are adrenalizing -- virtuosic and precise , and an entirely legitimate justification for the existence of the movies .
Though it is more ambitious in scope , The Raid 2 remains , primarily , a visceral pulp action movie , and this is where it truly soars .
It 's top-notch , martial arts action , filled with exhilarating ultra violence and an intricately compelling story . Gareth Evans has created an action masterpiece !
Most of its kinetic choreography is transformed into arduous onslaughts that numb rather than thrill .
If The Raid 2 : Berandal does n't end up as the most violent movie to hit screens in 2014 , it wo n't be for lack of trying .
By the two hour mark , you 'll wonder if it 's worth sitting through all the capital-A Art to get to the inevitable final battle . Turns out , it is . I fidgeted , then fist-pumped .
The Raid 2 : Berandal is a rapid fire machine gun to the face kind of action film that never lets up . Gareth Evans has discovered the perfect formula for martial arts bliss as The Raid 2 : Berandal is even more intense than the first film .
The fight sequences -- brutal though they are -- are nothing short of brilliant , standing as creatively choreographed and masterfully shot snatches of athletic showmanship .
Gareth Evans may very well be the Second Coming of action films , but even Jesus needed a hand occasionally . And The Raid 2 would certainly have benefited from the input of another writer and editor .
The action is what truly matters here - and what action !
Two and-a-half hours may seem like a lot for an Indonesian crime saga , but `` The Raid 2 '' has a sweeping scope that justifies its running time . And it will knock you out .
In extending the reach of his concept , Evans feels like he 's reaching , and after 2 1/2 hours of mayhem , you may be homesick for the appealing simplicity of the original .
A brilliant , dazzling , and devastating 21/2-hour ballet of brutality that 's more ordeal than entertainment ...
An epic action crime flick that pushes the envelope in terms of scope , content and ultraviolence .
A film to watch from behind shaking fingers , if at all .
For those of us who believe the prime directive of action pictures is that such movies ought to , by gawd , move , Gareth Evans is our new patron saint .
At once messy and adrenalizing ...
A very talented , very long piece of ultra-violence about a fleet-footed undercover cop who wreaks havoc on the criminal hierarchy of Jakarta .
By opening the action up to the entire city for the sequel , there 's less claustrophobia but also less excitement .
Every time you think The Raid 2 ca n't possibly top itself , writer-director Gareth Evans goes `` Oh , yeah ? Watch THIS . ''
Fans of the Asian action film genre , particularly those who liked `` The Raid , '' are in for an exciting fast-pace , violence-laden battle between the good guys and the bad guys .
For all its aggressive creativity , The Raid 2 has nothing to match the scene in the original in which a fridge and propane tank are used to create a massive explosion .
... Gareth Evans has reinvented the action movie once again .
Feels weighted down by its ambitions -LSB- but -RSB- it 's pretty hypnotic . And it boasts some fantastic action , though the violence is ludicrously over-the-top .
The Raid 2 does n't so much raise the bar for action filmmaking as it pummels that bar into a mangled piece of metal that resembles nothing if not the gauntlet that 's been thrown down here .
The film never stints on kinetic , carefully choreographed mayhem , from a mud-drenched prison-yard riot to a next-level car chase that sets a new standard for automotive assault and battery .
The fight scenes are meticulously choreographed by Evans and his star , Uwais . And the cinematography by Matt Flannery and Dimas Imam Subhono shines especially bright in the car chase and in a brutal scene in an alley covered with snow .
Iko Uwais is back for another heartstopping dose of bar-raising martial arts action .
With preternatural understanding of how to stage action , Evans knows when to get stately and stand back and when to get loose and handheld amidst the flurry of kicks and punches .
`` The Raid 2 '' comes chock full of baseball bats pulping skulls , box-cutters slicing arteries and a henchman wielding what looks like carpet knives , redecorating the floor with opponents ' entrails .
You sit , smeary-faced , as Evans exhausts one cold-blooded hoodlum confrontation after another - in prisons , in restaurants , on the subway . It is so expertly played , it never becomes stupid ...
Evans gives us another slice of spleen-splittingly , pelvis-dislodgingly , inner-ear-damagingly hardcore action . He lets rip with everything but subtlety .
The plot is murky , the acting is melodramatic and the movie is way too long , but the target audience will salivate over the inventively choreographed set-pieces ...
Certainly , The Raid 2 , a glorious head-butt of a movie , is not for the squeamish ... but for those who prefer some slam in their cinema , it delivers .
Gareth Evans is throwing an impressive gauntlet down to his audience here . Someone 's face is pulled apart by the teeth , while he screams . Think you can handle this ?
Evans aims big with this continuation , but in his lust for glory , he 's failed to trim the fat , making Berandal punch drunk , ugly , and , at times , endless .
It 's not a perfect film , but damn its close .
This is an action junkie 's fix and it literally pulls no punches .
The overly complicated inner workings of the various criminal gangs just add bloat .
The last hour of The Raid 2 is all-action , delivering several astonishing set-pieces , one involving a hammer-whirling girl on a packed commuter train , the other a series of fights in and around cars careering through busy city streets .
Such is the ferocity of the action , The Raid 2 's 150-minute running time breezes past , with only the occasional brief lull caused by convoluted plot exposition .
The Raid 2 may not provide quite the same adrenaline rush of its faster-paced , more contained predecessor , but it 's a richer and more sophisticated action-thriller that ranks among the best crime movies ever made .
The movie is compulsively too much , throwing everything it can think of at you , in case it fails to entertain .
A bulkier , slower beast than Evans ' first film . But when it enters combat mode , it 's more raucously bloodthirsty than anything you 've ever seen .
The violence is brutal , brilliantly choreographed and at times disgracefully funny . It wo n't be for everyone - but action-movie fans will be scraping their jaws off the floor .
That Hammer Girl uses * both * ends of her hammer equally when going about her bloody business shows how Evans consistently goes that extra mile .
Once you accept and get past the mayhem and slaughter -- there 's a story there , and a good one .
Tops its prequel in the chop-socky sweepstakes .
Unfortunately , -LSB- the action sequences -RSB- also become less involving as the plot points mount and the characters remain static and undefined .
Without question the undisputed best pure action movie sequel ever .
The abiding melancholy of `` The Raid 2 ″ is that there 's no swagger , no bravura , no false , heroic gestures , just desperate remorseless forward motion .
Make no mistake . If what you 're after is insane , mind-bogglingly violent martial arts action , The Raid 2 is quite possibly the ultimate .
This is an absurdly violent film , but it 's too in love with the physical genius of its actors to really feel sadistic .
The story is convoluted without being profound , and although there are some strong secondary performances , Uwais is interesting only when in motion .
Will knock your socks into next week .
Crystal clear , vibrant and brutally violent .
The Raid 2 is two-and-a-half thrilling hours of genre so perfectly pure that you could bottle it , smash the bottle & thrust the broken end repeatedly into your enemy 's throat .
I have no idea who 's being targeted by Hammer Girl on a subway car , but his army of bodyguards are no match for the hardware swinging beauty , the heiress apparent to Kill Bill 's Gogo Yubari .
The fight scenes are gory and glorious , exhausting and overwhelming , an endless array of ways to kill .
The thrill is gone - Gareth Evans has raised the bar in this sequel as far as stunts are concerned but wearies you with almost non-stop fights .
The result is exhausting , yet lacks the exhilaration of its predecessor .
Falls short of matching the simple pleasure of the first installment , but for action fans , there is still plenty of next-level choreography work present in Evans ' sequel .
Yes , there 's a story of sorts - rival kingdoms , a young man 's quest for revenge , a study in brotherly guilt and a doomed father-son relationship . Now I 'm making it sound like Hamlet . Enough is enough .
It is doubtful that Evans himself has anything whatever to `` say '' . At most , he seems to comment on his own blankness , as in the comic sequence in which Rama and a few associates visit a low-rent porn studio where filming sex is a dreary routine .
A sweeping , Shakespearean opus that expands and deepens what the writer-director accomplished in The Raid ... a sprawling ballet of violence that resonates with emotional meaning even as it provides irresistible , visceral thrills .
Evans has grown up a little , expanded his repertoire and learned a valuable lesson about telling a story between all the outrageous fight choreography .
All those looking for a new kick are advised to seek it out , but do n't blame me for the headache with which you might leave the theater .
It 's great art .
As you might guess , this is not a film for everyone 's taste . But for fans of the martial arts genre , Evans has created a scintillating , if sometimes imperfect , new chapter .
Neither its undercover drama nor its two-and-a-half-hour length bog down the bracing , and numerous , fight fests .
The result is a crime saga with the frequently jaw-dropping fight scenes you 'd expect .
strong stuff , not for the faint of heart , but it is , and I do n't say this lightly , bloody fantastic .
Just when you think the movie has gotten as wonderfully , violently over-the-top as possible , it manages to keep upping the ante until its exhausting climax . It leaves you drained , but not enervated .
An ersatz epic at best .
The Raid 2 lets its warriors rip for two and a half thrilling hours . With the precision of dance and the punch of a KO champion , -LSB- director Gavin -RSB- Evans keeps the action coming like nobody 's business .
You could say -LRB- and some will -RRB- that the gratuitousness of the violence in The Raid 2 is a problem . But it all functions as part of the surreal dance of death ...
From the first scene , this Jakarta-set actioner is extraordinarily gorgeous - and extremely violent .
Unbearably tense . . it may test the limits of even veteran action fans - or satisfy them in a way they never thought possible .
The action is at once horrifying and absurdly cartoonish -LRB- a baseball bat yields a particularly gruesome coup de grace -RRB- , but Uwais ' dexterity inspires awe ...
There is something deeply existential about seeing Rama trapped in a situation , facing seemingly insurmountable obstacles and then watch him think , or respond , using his mental and physical skills , his way out of the situation .
Those with a high tolerance for violence and gore - at one point , Rama battles assassins labeled `` Baseball Bat Man '' and `` Hammer Girl '' simultaneously - will eat up `` The Raid 2 . ''
At nearly 150 minutes , `` The Raid 2 '' is just a hell of a lot of a good thing ; in fact it 's so much that it stops being a good thing , and tips over into decadent , incomprehensible farrago .
Though the flick 's best scenes are pared-down bouts , Evans wrestles with -LRB- and loses to -RRB- his impulse that bigger is better , that 35 corpses are more effective than one .
Though unleashing 150 minutes ' worth of brute force asks a lot of the uninitiated , those in the know will still be left wanting more .
It brings me no great pleasure to report that the The Raid 2 is to The Raid as Transformers : Revenge of the Fallen was to the first Transformers : it 's longer , flashier and bloated well past the point of tedium .
You 'll either dial right into the film 's feverish frequency or head for the concession stand . But if it 's more that you 're after , then The Raid 2 will make you feel like Christmas came nine months early .
The super-bloody and brutal violence is extensive , glorious , and exhilarating . Sadly , its length and complex story drag the movie down .
... it 'll please a lot of fans .
It may be missing the refreshing simplicity of The Raid , but The Raid 2 : Berandal is a thrilling film that revives the visceral , tangible hand-on-hand tradition of action cinema . Get past the serpentine plot contortions and you 'll have an absolute blast .
Every standoff is larger in scale , and designed to make the one before look like prep-work -LSB- but -RSB- Even at their most extreme , the action scenes are grounded in human physicality-and frailty .
... The Raid 2 proves to be one of the most repugnant spectacles in recent memory , and one made all the more unpleasant by its epic pretensions .
The world of cinema is full of many wonders , chief among them in 2014 , writer-director Gareth Evans ' unending well of inventive ways to kill people on screen .
This time , -LSB- lead Iko Uwais -RSB- goes deep undercover to infiltrate a crime family for reasons laboriously explained in one of many tedious expository scenes in between fits of borderline nauseating ultraviolence .
The most violent movie ever made .
It 's all showy viscera , no ballet , and wan attempts at the gravity of something like Drug War .
The Raid 2 is a beautifully brutal ballet , a symphony of destruction if you will , masterfully choreographed with the grace of Swan Lake - just with a tad more blood , broken bodies , and blown open skulls .
Not everyone is as enthusiastic about violence as this sadistic and purposeless series .
In every way a bigger more ambitious movie , offering a more elaborate story , a slew of new characters , and bigger battle ratios . But sometimes more is n't better ; it 's just more .
The Raid and now The Raid 2 : Berandal are action cinema evolving ; everything else must adapt or die .
Fans will flock to see what Gareth Evans has come up with for the sequel and they wo n't be disappointed , if they are looking for fierce close combat and a variety of slash/bash/slice / gouge weaponry .
One of the more sophisticated , complex and brutal action films ever made .
Wow !
Evans has conducted a symphony of violence that is disgustingly brutal , awe inspiring and innovative in its choreography . No punch , kick , lunge or thrust of weapon is wasted ... even the car chase has to be seen to be believed !
This is the perfect action movie .
The new centre of the arse kicking universe
Sumptuously shot , perfectly paced and flat-out exhilarating , The Raid 2 cements Evans as the best action director working today . Fight aficionados should brace themselves for a bruising , blistering ride .
There 's a two-hour version of The Raid 2 contained within its current cut that 's basically perfect . As it stands now , though , it 's a film that 's sometimes a slog that redeems itself through sheer badassery .
It 's still packed with bone-smashing violence , but at 148 minutes , it 's packed a lot more loosely .
Electrifying both in its ambition and its action sequences , this is the best action-thriller since The Dark Knight , and also the best sequel since then .
The action sequences are simply unreal ; bigger , faster , and more lethal than in The Raid .
150 minutes of almost constant nihilistic violence is n't my idea of a good time .
A spectacular crescendo of ultraviolence that re-defines overkill .
Only viewers with zero appreciation for the genre will leave unimpressed ; devotees should add approximately six stars to the rating above .
With its long takes , clear camera work , sublime set design and how-did-the-stuntmen-live ? action-scene insanity , The Raid 2 makes most American action films look like the over-edited stunt-doubled CGI-laden child 's play that they are .
A sprawling epic that takes memorable characters , polished filmmaking , and truly audacious action choreography and spins them all into a delirious gangster drama .
Hyper-violent it may be but there is beauty in its brutality .
The Raid 2 flails for too long , but it does , eventually , make contact .
There are tradeoffs with the switch to a more epic , ambitious canvas , but Gareth Evans ' action sequel in most ways that count is an even more masterful jolt of high-energy genre filmmaking .
A longer , slower , more expansive sequel that nevertheless delivers deep , bone-crunching pleasure for hardcore genre fans .
The best action sequel since Terminator 2 . Contains some of the most gripping action sequences ever shot .
For all the technique , ` The Raid 2 ′ - at least this unrated cut - can only offer shock .
The Raid 2 is a film you absolutely ca n't miss !
That rare sequel that expands the scope of its predecessor to produce something grander , richer and far more rewarding , The Raid 2 elevates the franchise from a very enjoyable close-quarters action extravaganza into a full-blown crime epic .

@highlight

Although its high-energy plot and over-the-top violence may play better with genre aficionados , The Raid 2 definitely delivers more of everything audiences loved about its predecessor .