You 've got to hand it to the Brothers Strause , who directed : They do n't really waste time on plot , or continuity .
You 'll be glad when it ends ... !
Directors Colin and Greg Strause eschew things like a credible script and decent acting to focus on CGI enactments of hapless apartment dwellers being rammed into slimy alien orifices .
A big screen B-movie with a convoluted plot and limited scope - inundating viewers with melodrama instead of the alien invasion apocalypse occurring outside .
The filmmakers thought that all it would take to make a movie is some special effects , but this film only goes to show what most people already know : a film should n't be designed around something meant to be an afterthought .
Skyline packs some impressive money shots , however with its tracing-paper-thin script there 's not enough propping up these whizz-bang set pieces .
Skyline might be a midnight B-movie , but it 's also hopelessly inept and a grievous waste of time and talent with no ending whatsoever .
I think Skyline ultimately fails as a movie .
This pretty awful movie is from a team of visual effects-making brothers , Colin and Greg Strause , who 've been making stuff look awesome for several years now .
... there is , for the most part , simply no shaking the feeling that the really interesting stuff is happening elsewhere ...
Skyline has lots of TV actors going through the motions -LRB- Faison , Balfour , Brittany Daniel -RRB- and one TV actor -LRB- Dexter 's David Zayas -RRB- giving a performance that 's so spectacularly amateurish that it renders moot all of the other major problems the movie has .
With its lack of a big-name cast , and the Strause brothers ' proven willingness to embrace bleakness , ... Skyline holds out - and then fulfils - its promise of anything goes , from the mesmerising intro to the bitter , bananas end .
It 's got awesome giant spaceships and massive lumbering monsters and epic explosions and gory kills and it 's ... a dumb-fun matinee flick for sure .
Visual-effects wizards Greg and Colin Strause directed , showing more affinity for the city 's steel and glass than for any of the characters .
full review at Movies for the Masses
` Skyline ' is an outlandishly awful excuse for a movie about aliens from outer space . People not only groaned at the end of this monstrosity , but one guy in the audience was so angry that he actually began to swear ,
Impressive effects ca n't disguise an uninspired reheat of space invader films .
A movie with this many quality special effects should n't ever be as genuinely boring as this .
Look up in the sky : its a bird ! its a plane ! No ... . its every single alien invasion movie rolled into one epic fan film . Mind you , it does have a wonderfully messed-up twist ending .
Skyline , if not always successful , refashions the modern alien invasion motif as the hopeless siege that it should be .
A weak science fiction film that does n't know how to end so it just stops .
The story 's brain-snatching aliens must have attacked the filmmakers before they invaded the rest of Los Angeles .
If aliens ever invade Earth , it will be to stop us from making another movie as bad as Skyline .
the cheap-looking CG effects -- and creatures cobbled together fromthose in a dozen other movies -- make even the boring humans look interesting .
Stands alongside THE LAST AIRBENDER as one of the worst films of the year .
Maybe the Brothers Strause are to be admired for getting this cheesy trash into theaters instead of letting it be relegated to the SyFy Channel . They 've got moxie , anyway .
One of the worst movies of 2010 ...
The dialogue is risible , there is no headline star like a Tom Cruise or Will Smith , nor is there a young star like Dakota Fanning to give us a wide-eyed interpretation .
The premise of this low-budget sci-fi thriller might be familiar from Signs , War of the Worlds , and Cloverfield , but the lesser acting talent is more in line with Plan 9 from Outer Space .
Wait for the DVD and you wo n't miss a thing .
Skyline is pure eye candy , but it 's mighty tasty .
How this managed not to go direct-to-DVD -LRB- and actually get a wide distribution rather than just a handful-of-theaters dump -RRB- is one of 2010 's great cinematic mysteries .
While flawed , few will go see Skyline and not have fun .
Perfect drive-in fare . Too bad there are n't more drive-ins .
These are n't moviemakers who live even in other movies , let alone the world . They live in hard drives .
This is n't a movie : it 's an FX demo reel ... Skyline is n't about anything : it does n't reflect any contemporary fears that afflict individual people or anxieties that grip our entire culture ...
... a special effects-filled mash-up of alien invasion films , one that again poses the age-old genre question that has been on the minds of characters since `` Night of the Living Dead '' : `` Should I stay , or should I go ? ''
Pure tosh . On absolutely no account pay money to see this film . Wait until it 's given away free with a magazine and start at around the forty minute mark .
Imagine it 's 1953 and you 're watching a movie called ` Brain Suckers from Planet X ' , and you might even have a good time .
There are a couple of genuine surprises , and few pretensions about delivering an efficient , popcorn-worthy entertainment .
If ` Skyline ' never seems interested in pushing the envelope , it at least begins with enough promise to suggest a competent thriller . No such luck .
Behold : it 's Indepen-dunce Day .
an ordeal by tedium
A mess of a movie that reaches a completely ridiculous and unexpected -LRB- but not in a good way -RRB- conclusion .
Derivative enough to be called `` Adherence Day , '' `` Skyline '' knocks off so many alien-invasion films you can almost hear commentary referring to `` Cloverfield '' or `` District 9 '' moments . The `` Skyline '' moment ? Future filmmakers wo n't be so stupid as to ape that .
Let me say upfront and with absolute clarity that Skyline is a bad film . So why do n't I feel any animosity toward it ? I guess because despite everything that was wrong with this film I still had fun and laughed more than I did at Due Date .
Yes , this is a genuinely so-bad-it 's - good movie . This film is crushingly awful , tedious and moronic , but I was often howling with laughter .
The film plays like Cloverfield redux , except with less personality and tension .
Like Cloverfield , Skyline unleashes rampaging beasties on the streets , only this time they 've arrived in massive spaceships -- and they 're here to collect human brains . It 's a shame none of the Skyline protagonists seem to possess any .
There 's a kind of magic that happens when a movie inspires complete strangers to ridicule it to each other on the way out of the theatre .
The only fascinating thing about Skyline is that that such a mad muddle of a movie can even exists in an era of corporate homogeneity and purported quality-controlled .
Skyline is a piece of junk , even in a movie climate littered with expensive -- though sometimes fun -- junkiness .
Trapped inside what looks like a Marina del Rey condo complex , the principals raise and lower the blinds , run up and down the stairs and occasionally venture outside , while the audience , if it has the energy , yells : `` No ! Do n't do that ! That 's stupid ! ''
The science-fiction thriller Skyline falls squarely -- and a little endearingly -- into the Roger Corman tradition of cheap cash-ins on popular hits .
As sci-fi epics go this one looks great buts tastes terrible , and by the time it was over I could n't get out of the theatre fast enough .
makes the cliche-riddled guilty pleasure of Independence Day seem like the second coming of 2001 : A Space Odyssey
So bland it 's easy to forget the title only minutes after exiting , this Emmerich-by-numbers invasion movie exists only to offer you the cutting edge in unconvincing special effects .
A B-movie extravaganza , Skyline is a sort of sci-fi sampler of every alien invasion movie ever made .
One of the worst movies of 2010 : an appalling distinction in a year so bereft of quality filmmaking .
Simply awful ... like a SyFy Network Saturday night special that 's inexplicably escaped to the big screen .
An underwhelming and derivative sci-fi thriller that 's only marginally more impressive than a run-of-the-mill SyFy Channel telepic .
It 's finally here : The most boring alien-invasion movie ever .
It 's like a trip to a Kmart staffed by the ugliest beings imaginable .
For a movie on a $ 10 million budget , it delivers more and better bangs for the buck than many blockbusters ten times the price . It 's just a shame they could n't find actors who deliver equal efficiency . Or script doctors , for that matter .
The Strauses used their tech savvy to make a marvel of logistics that looks every bit as slick as a studio tentpole . It 's just a shame they have n't figured out a way to CG a decent story . Yet .
I suppose it 's fitting that a movie about aliens extracting human brains would eventually lose its head .
More and more frequent attacks by the brain-sucking outer space invaders ... do n't come so much as frights or thrills as they do a form of relief ; as long as the mayhem 's going on , we 're spared the dialogue .
A cut-and-paste monster mash with no business whatever in a multiplex . Heck , if you tuned into this on cable on a Sunday night , you 'd be cancelling your subscription .
Taken in the spirit in which it 's hopefully intended -- a brainless thrill ride -- Skyline is a slick genre piece that entertains for 92 minutes and is forgotten as soon as you walk out of the cinema .
The directors have worked on the SFX in everything from 2012 to Avatar , meaning that once we get outside , things finally get going .
`` Skyline '' plays like an effects guru 's resume reel , not a movie .
Instead of making the most of its low-budget limitations , Skyline fights against them and goes down in defeat .
A minor step above a Sy-Fy Original sauteed with the theatrics of a `` Melrose Place '' - type nighttime soap , Skyline is certainly ambitious and appropriately epic in scale , but also hampered by a plaguing amateurishness in its other aspects .
A good example of what can visually be achieved on a tight budget , but an even better example of why filmmaking should be left to filmmakers .
Takes an enthusiastic premise of intergalactic war and reduces it to glimpses of chintzy CGI-laden chaos sandwiched between lengthy stretches of tedious , amateurish dramatic filler .
A laughably bad sci-fi mash-up with some above-average special effects .
Delivers all the Saturday night whizz-bang and Sunday morning brain-ripping you could want .
We get some watchable flurries of hunt - 'em - down suspense between the interminable kvetchings of the human prey , but the only salient reason to see this is the creature design , by those HR Giger-inspired wizards Alec Gillis and Tom Woodruff Jr. .
Once the ace special effects and full-on monster mania take prominence over the soap opera plot , it does become weirdly fascinating .
Cliché , cheesy , and boring , Skyline is all blue sheen and no soul .
It certainly feels that the screenplay , full of cringingly cheesy dialogue and utterly reliant upon the most rote genre machinations , was never anything other than a frustrating annoyance for the Strause siblings .
Compared with the recent spate of sci-fi films such as District 9 , Star Trek and most of Roland Emmerich 's disaster films , Skyline struggles to live up to its own expectations , bereft as it is of any humour or soul .

@highlight

A middling sci-fi entry , Skyline offers proof that solid special effects alone can not overcome a flat storyline filled with uninspired dialogue .