I 'm not sure how many tedious sex jokes and humorless physical gags people can take before they run out of the theater screaming , but Bucky Larson : Born to Be a Star certainly tests the limits .
God , this guy sucks . Swardson . And Bucky .
Putrid and completely unfunny , ` Bucky Larson : Born to Be a Star ' is a torturous exercise for a viewer . I ca n't count the times I wanted to walk out of this ghastly excuse for a movie . Still , I stayed with it . I just could n't bring myself to leave .
Working under the incorrect assumption that anything having to do with porn is hilarious , Bucky Larson is a consistently strained comedy without much charm or wit .
Childish .
Icky and repellent in ways it probably did not intend .
Nothing to see here , kids .
The movie is embarrassingly bad .
I go take seven aspirin for my current headache , I do need to let you know that there 's a whole other actually funny movie going on inside this one , struggling to come out .
Do n't put yourself through this train wreck of a movie . Unless of course you enjoy feeling like the screenwriter is hovering at your elbow during the film screaming `` GET IT ?! '' after every joke .
This movie is dire , soul-crushing stuff .
This is the Tom Brady who made The Hot Chick and The Comebacks , not the Tom Brady who plays football , although who 's to say which of them is better at making movies ?
All involved will be known as those who took part in the worst movie of the year
Swardson just does n't rise to the occasion , apparently hoping that enormous buck teeth and a Dutch Boy wig will do the acting for him .
This is n't even a series of skits , but a series of vague ideas for skits that nobody fleshed out .
Through all this , one feels nothing more strongly than an acute sympathy for all involved -- in particular Ricci , who gives her role more than it deserves , and Herrmann , a classy character actor who once won a Tony .
Of course , Bucky Larson is n't one of the year 's worst films because its laughs are poisoned and problematic-rather , it 's one of the year 's worst films because there are n't any laughs at all .
A comic monstrosity ... plays like an unfunny idea for a raunchy five-minute sketch that 's been cruelly extended to an insufferable ninety-six minutes .
Swardson and the gang generally opt for silly over edgy and outrageous , but Bucky is just too dashed-off a character for the movie to get by on that .
The worst Saturday Night Live sketch movie ever made that was never actually a Saturday Night Live sketch .
You may or may not laugh , but at least you 'll be closer to death and no better for it .
This god-awful , unfunny , stinkingly putrid sketch-comic movie has exactly one snicker-worthy moment , involving Kevin Nealon and a stolen grape . But watching the rest of it will make you whine .
Is there a staler target for satire than the porn industry ? Is there any humor left to be gleaned from describing X-rated acts in G-rated language ? Bucky Larson suggests there is n't , yet it plunges ahead all the same .
This may be the worst movie Pauly Shore has ever been in . Think about that . If you dare , go on Netflix and test the hypothesis .
About as funny as the typical scribbling on a public bathroom stall .
I would describe it as giving new meaning to the word `` slapdash '' except for my suspicion that no one involved has any idea of the old meaning of the word .
With his pageboy haircut , `` Gee , golly '' Midwestern accent , and two protruding Chiclets for front teeth , Bucky Larson is a one-note joke played over and over and over .
Wanders around in the general vicinity of a joke idea without ever approaching anything like a punchline .
Swill .
An inept , lazy R-rated movie whose sole purpose is as a glossary of euphemisms for genitalia and sexual acts .
If you took this script to any sane film producer , they would assume you were pulling a prank . When you told them the shockingly untalented Nick Swardson was attached as the lead , they 'd call security .
Several gifted actors , Ricci , Dorff , and others , are totally wasted in this silly , unfunny comedy revolving around a single idea : a wannabe porn star who 's not equipped .
The entire premise feels about 35 to 40 years out of date , and while the porn business is a supremely easy target for comedy , this movie does n't have any idea of what might be funny about it , besides perhaps `` tee-hee - boobies . ''
After sitting through this dreadful , monumentally humorless picture , I would n't be surprised to learn that this is going to be the last Nick Swardson starring role .
Blatantly silly and a bit bland , `` Bucky Larson : Born to Be a Star '' is better than its low-rent trailer might have suggested , but not by enough to warrant a full recommendation .

@highlight

A severely misguided and inept comedy incapable of even telling its single joke properly .