As a biopic , though , -LSB- Low Down -RSB- is both too much and too little .
Music , heroin , and fatherhood on the fringe
John Hawkes , a really fine actor , gives a towering performance in this film . He is as good in this film as any actor I 've seen this year , including all those guys nominated for all the 2014 top awards .
A must-see for a very particular audience .
`` Low Down '' is episodic , and the spiral goes straight down . It 's tough to take -- there 's a lot that 's not right about Albany 's life , except love and sweet music .
Somewhere over the rainbow the skies are blue , that 's the dream . Some make it , some do n't - this eloquent daughter 's tale shows both sides .
Gets stuck in a cycle of addiction and morning-after regret while missing a chance to explore the how and why of its characters .
`` Low Down '' nicely evokes a smokey mood of '50s jazz and Hollywood noir and deserves points for its emotional straightforwardness , but its tired story and deliberate pace never really draw you in .
Whiplash is like one of those Buddy Rich solos the kid idolizes : hot , sweaty and in-your-face . Low Down is like the version of Billy Strayhorn 's Lush Life played in one of this film 's club scenes : somber , moody and cool to the touch .
The acting makes it a far more compelling ride than it otherwise would have been .
Has a specific glaze that 's certainly tended to by director Jeff Preiss , but rarely does it hit a note of profundity that revives interest in the gradual unraveling of an irresponsible man .
Fanning 's performance rescues the film from mediocrity .
It 's not at all pretty . But it dazzles in the darkness in its dizzying bid to find the light .
It is both stunningly somber and breathtakingly well-crafted , a pure and gripping cinematic love song in a melancholy key .
Low Down is a wonderful downer of a film that fits quite comfortably on the video-store shelf between Barfly and Drugstore Cowboy . That said , depending on your proclivity for plunging into the cinematic depths of despair , your mileage may vary .
Low Down is rich in vivid characters .
Perhaps the real trouble is this : the chief relationship here is between a man and his needle ; everybody else is just a problem to be forgotten while high .
While `` Low Down '' earns points for bravely and candidly conveying its message , without a trace of Hollywood sugarcoating or simplistic pontificating , few may be able to get through it without squirming and looking away .
Glenn Close plays Amy-Jo 's grandmother , a nurturing figure in a dingy milieu , and delivers one of her better recent performances , while Hawkes , who bears a striking resemblance to Albany , again proves he 's among our most dependable actors .
Moody but dramatically lackluster .
The squalor alone is n't enough - this would be a more affecting story had if it showed us what was happening beneath the decaying exterior .
`` Low Down '' serves as a terrific example of how to evoke a given period on a tight budget .
You 'll want to lie down .
A complete and utter drag .
A lovely film that brings great emotion and a dead-on feeling for time , place and recaptured mood to a story that is as universal as it is personal .
Nothing much happens in Low Down save for good acting .
It feels hackneyed , despite being a true story . . . this was this girl 's reality for far too long - and this film smothers that reality in cliches .
Bleak portrait of a brilliant but drug-addled jazz pianist .
`` Low Down '' is not the most harrowing portrait of lives slowly lost to addiction . It is , however , among the most saddening .
Low Down is not a happy movie , but it is haunting ...
Preiss ' movie does a consistently excellent job of explaining the lure of jazz , and the psychology of addicts , their enablers and their children without explaining anything .
This movie from Jeff Preiss is a stream of recollections , but the late-afternoon-light grain of its Super 16-millimeter camerawork and the gestures of warmth between its characters perhaps say more than any rise-and-fall might .
Rather than proving a point or even showing an arc , ` Low Down ' dwells in a mood and a feeling .
Low Down is a knockout , a candid picture of much of jazz , and one more step for a master actor .
Preiss soaks his movie in a brownish retro atmosphere , which helps smooth over the many dull spots , but only briefly .
Low Down keeps the histrionics to a minimum , but the inertia of a good man failing to be a good father is n't enough to sustain nearly two hours of reflection ...
Fanning and Hawkes are both great actors , but they can only do so much with Low Down 's familiar , monotonous cycle of recovery and relapse .
`` Low Down '' painstakingly re-creates the look and sound of the gritty life of jazz pianist and heroin addict Joe Albany in the 1960s and '70s , but ca n't find its rhythm .
The story is familiar , the screenplay never explains the demons that drove Joe Albany to trash his talent , and the life of a reckless junkie eventually grows tedious .
There 's only so much that Fanning 's vividly expressive face and Hawkes 's charismatic sensitivity can mask before we realize how little we truly understand what goes on in anybody 's head .
Fanning manages to bring soulfulness to a character who mostly reacts to others ; you just wish the whole movie were , well , jazzier .
There are too many notes that , while not false , are neither satisfactorily resolved nor left interestingly unresolved .
John Hawkes and Elle Fanning are outstanding . Possibly the most harrowing tale of drug addiction since REQUIEM FOR A DREAM .
Low Down proves that even extraordinary performances can get outplayed by the grimness of a disheartening one-note song that ends almost as hopelessly as it begins .
Pitch-perfect performances and an immersive evocation of period mark out experimental film veteran Jeff Preiss 's feature debut .
As the wages of addiction are awfully familiar , as well as sadly tedious to watch , there is little new the film has to say on the subject , leaving this obvious labor of love with a real struggle ahead to find much of an audience .
Preiss ... certainly knows the music and the milieu , but proves less adept at shaping the material into a consistently compelling narrative .

@highlight

Rich in mood and on-screen talent but lacking in narrative depth , Low Down tells an oft-told tale with a troubling dearth of imagination .