It 's details like that-too bizarre not to be true-that give `` The Counterfeiters '' its bitter wallop . It 's an astonishing tale of cunning , compromise and survival .
What makes this film a must-see is Markovics , who plays Saloman . Not just his performance , but his face-a long , dour , hound-dog face that suggests a cosmic shrug , splitting the difference between resignation and resistance .
The breathtaking performances and superb style earned The Counterfeiters the 2008 Oscar for Best Foreign Language Film .
Although there is nothing ground-breaking about The Counterfeiters , it tells a moving and engrossing story with depth and intelligence , and is well worth seeing .
Sally Sorowitsch is the little gangster who outsmarts the big gangsters . What could be more gratifying than that ?
2008 's Oscar-winning foreign film is unquestionably good , a wholly absorbing and taut drama that is as engaging as it is powerful . But Oscar-worthy ? There 's room for debate .
It 's a true story of the human condition , the Holocaust and history .
As writer-director Stefan Ruzowitzky shows , powerfully , affectingly , in The Counterfeiters , the privileges experienced by this small team of Jews and criminals came at a price .
What would you do if your only chance of survival involved aiding the Nazi regime ?
El resultado es notable , tanto como inquietante y hasta quizás incómoda reflexión sobre el instinto de supervivencia del ser humano , y también como pieza cinematográfica .
Ruzowitzky does a fine job of capturing the claustrophia of the setting , as well as conveying the moral complexity of these characters ' choices
Markovics expertly projects every craven instinct and heartfelt yearning of the complex protagonist , making The Counterfeiters an experience as satisfying emotionally as intellectually . -LSB- Blu-Ray -RSB-
A bold study of unbearable moral ambiguity .
THE COUNTERFEITERS is an accurate procedural , just not a very engrossing or moving film .
This richly layered allegorical clash between a criminal and a communist , pits the urge for survival despite one 's debasement , against defiance , collective rebellion and martyrdom - the very impulses that advance history , but at enormous cost .
Karl Markovics is exceptionally well cast . He 's not wildly expressive , but his physicality -- a small frame , a nose that bends northwest due to events we can only imagine -- is enough to carry the film 's ambiguities .
The winner of this year 's Oscar for best foreign-language film puts devils , as well as angels , on the head of the pin .
Skilfully acted , written and directed , The Counterfeiters is a powerful and provocative work .
This Oscar-winning film ranks as the most unnerving , disturbing , true-life account yet of endurance under Nazi oppression .
The heart of the story is the horrible choice of survival , while helping your oppressors , or fighting them with sabotage and risking your life and others .
Gripping , but would have more impact if it had been staged -- like Paul Verhoeven 's ` Black Book ' -- in the straightforward manner of a classic Hollywood suspense film .
Ruzowitzky has some fine performers in the three key roles but there is a hint of unsubtlety in some of the other characters and situations . The obvious is rammed home .
This dark arty film also has some entertainment value due to Austrian actor Markovics and his ability to inhabit his complicated character in a convincing way .
Rarely has a film set the starkest of basic moral questions in such sharp-edged yet subtle relief ... . like one of the master forger 's brazenly passed-off copies -- so bold , unflinching and brilliant that , to any eye , it 's flawless .
An especially impressive achievement .
mia istoria synarpastika alliotiki , apallagmeni ap ' ta epanalambanomena enohika symplegmata tis pleiopsifias ton antistoihon taksidion stin epohi ton Nazi , kai mpoliasmeni me enan aprosdokita skliro kai tairiasto synaisthimatiko realismo , anthropon poy ks
It won the foreign language Oscar and there is nothing fake or contrived about this astonishing true story about the men in a German concentration camp who fought their own little war for survival .
The black and white blueprints of movies like Schindler 's List have been tossed out , replaced with one that bleeds gray .
Ruzowitzky 's film is certainly a worthy one -- and an entertaining , intelligent one -- anchored to one of the most mesmerizing performances I 've seen in a while .
Films about moral issues are not uncommon . Films that leave the questions open are considerably rarer . This film trusts the viewer to make his own moral judgements as well as dramatizing a nearly forgotten chapter of history .
It does peer deeper into the complicated moral quandaries experienced by Hitler 's victims than most films on this topic do .
... an honest effort to sound painful human depths .
This dark , absorbing thriller is not just a moral exercise in the awful choices faced by those determined to survive history 's worst genocide . It invites us to imagine ourselves in the shoes of a not-quite-lovable rogue .
... -LSB- puts -RSB- a human face on the Holocaust ...
The Counterfeiters , written and directed by Stefan Ruzowitzky , is a morally challenging twist on the long and honorable tradition of forgery movies .
Indeed , what 's clear about The Counterfeiters is that it is intended to be a Holocaust film where the archetypal facets associated with the era ... are reduced to a filmic footnote .
This rarely happens , but I ca n't find a single negative thing to say about this intriguing , beautifully mounted slice of cinema .
-LSB- Director Ruzowitzky -RSB- moves The Counterfeiters along at a fast clip that covers a lot of ground in an hour and a half .
-LSB- It -RSB- manages the difficult task of illuminating the size of the Nazis ' horror while still focusing on a few men in the middle of it .
... the film 's hermetic feel often isolates what should be moments of greater emotional wallop .
The real ` trick ' or feat that 's successfully performed by The Counterfeiters is making us care about a character who , on the surface at least , is n't particularly likable or sympathetic .
Much of `` Counterfeiters '' is actually pretty thrilling , as Sorowitsch , a classic taciturn anti-hero in the Humphrey Bogart or William Holden mold , struggles with whether to go along with the Nazi plan or figure out some way of undoing it from within .
A work of entertainment that 's also an honest-to-God work of art .
It survives its melodramatic excesses because of the inherent fascination of its subject and an outstanding lead performance .
Writer-director Stefan Ruzowitzky creates an atmosphere devoid of color or light , in which the desperate need to survive is balanced against the guilt and shame for doing so . But it is the performances that are the most effective .
The film establishes a complex , compressed moral universe , in which choices are severely limited .
Based on a real-life Nazi operation , the film is a tense drama with performances that elevate the movie to the front rank of films set in concentration camps .
The story has moments of great humanity and terrible brutality but comes off as a strange hybrid of espionage caper and concentration-camp movie .
It 's impossible not to respond to The Counterfeiters and the haunting questions it raises .
Deft and fascinating handling of a moral quandary in a Nazi concentration camp .
Is this the last word on the Holocaust ? No . But nothing is . And nothing ever should be .
Ruzowitzky likes to pose questions and clarify the contradictions around them , but he does n't pretend to have the answers .
Making a film about the Holocaust but using a very specific and personal story is what makes The Counterfeiters stand out . It 's the specifics of Sorowitsch 's story that rivet us .
What makes this movie worthwhile is its depiction of a struggle of conscience . What would you do in such a situation ? Would you sacrifice another life to extend your own ?
Turns out to be just as challenging and effective a political drama as Persepolis and 4 Months .
slick , exciting , emotionally trenchant - well done all around .
Austrian director-writer Stefan Ruzowitzky does an extraordinary job of setting up this central moral dilemma : of making the situation both credible and not nearly as ethically cut and dry as it might sound .
It 's an absorbing , humane winner .
There are no simplistic morality lessons or tidy resolutions in The Counterfeiters , but it asks provocative questions .
The film does shed light an another facet of Nazi history , and it does it with an attention to the complexity of human nature that makes it worthy of its Oscar win .
The worst you could say is that it 's memorably diverting , but as worsts go , that 's a pretty damning indictment of a Holocaust movie .
Plays the concentration camp drama to dynamic effect .
... the powerful , gripping , yet multifaceted and largely true story of The Counterfeiters is a film not to be missed .
A drama based on true historical events that leaves no conscience unchallenged .
The moral conundrum at the heart of Austrian director Stefan Ruzowitzky 's The Counterfeiters is worthy of Kafka or Dostoevsky .
Austrian writer-director Stefan Ruzowitzky includes a lot of the peculiar challenges faced by the men of Operation Bernhard .
The honesty with which the film looks at the inmates ' differing choices is really killing .
A conventional mixture of thriller and moral drama , the film is unsettling in both intentional and unintentional ways .
Skillful , absorbing .
The trouble is that the storytelling and filmmaking are routine -LRB- surely faux-documentary handheld camerawork is the most overused cliche in modern movies -RRB- , even when the human drama is not .
While The Counterfeiters does indeed contain a good story , it is by no means a good film .
Curt wit and intermittent humor allow dialogue to be one of the strongest features of this drama and each actor delivers lines with a truth rarely seen in cinema .
It is a mark of the filmmaking and storytelling intelligence of The Counterfeiters that Ruzowitzky neither pours on the melodrama nor plays coy with the reality of things .
Without doing anything so divisive as taking sides , Counterfeiters pays sympathetic attention to those who play their cards to win even when the rules are terrible , not least because the remarkable Markovics is so riveting as an unsaintly survivor .
The story is mesmerizing . It 's too bad the movie is never as good . The characters are just too one-dimensional .
The Counterfeiters is a testament to guile . -LSB- Director -RSB- Ruzowitzky scored the picture with tangos , and the tangos are meant to be Sally 's music -- seductive , insolent , triumphant .
As much a comment on peace as on war , criminals do the right thing in the wrong context for the murderous boss in the suburbs . Dark comedy at its finest .
The Counterfeiters moves slowly in the first half but improves markedly in the second . The latter is the meat of the film and is what makes it worthy of its Oscar nomination for Best Foreign Language Film .
Full of chilling , ironic details .
Writer-director Stefan Ruzowitzky tells -LSB- this story -RSB- with cool wit and subtle tension .
Like most films about the Holocaust , The Counterfeiters , a brisk , tough movie from the Austrian director Stefan Ruzowitzky , is a survivor 's tale .
-LSB- Star Karl -RSB- Markovics largely rescues the film with his mesmerizingly layered , steady performance as a man who solves the problem of compromise by refusing to admit that he 's compromising .
Director Stefan Rukowitzky keeps his camera -- wisely -- inside the forgers ' separate barracks . They , and we , can only guess at what is going on in the rest of the camp . But it haunts them still .
Full of the weird details that , though unsurprising on one level , are so jarringly wrong that they seem fresh .
Demonstrates that no matter how many Holocaust stories the movies tell , there are always new and unexpected ones waiting to be revealed .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Ruzowitzky refreshingly keeps the movie free from any pat answers , letting the audience members imagine what course of action they might take in similar circumstances .
The moral dilemmas posed by this operation are dramatically rendered , and without once resorting to cant .
A psychological prison drama in line with Midnight Express , but the Holocaust is front and center in the viewer 's mind , as well as the film 's
The Counterfeiters joins that class of films like Tsotsi and The Sea Inside that are just good enough to look like they matter
The fresh perspective and challenging moral questions make for a historical drama with vital relevance to contemporary audiences .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Ruzowitzky wisely knows he does n't have to be overly emphatic in orchestrating the tension of both the moral conundrum and the always uncertain fate of the inmates .
At its best -- and queasiest -- The Counterfeiters asks disturbing questions more commonly found in the survivor literature of Primo Levi or Bruno Bettelheim than at the movies .
The Counterfeiters is not quite a great film . It is , however , close enough to being great that it 's appropriately flawed , like a near-perfect forgery .
The fascinating , unsentimental true story of a group of concentration camp prisoners forced to help the Nazis perpetrate the largest counterfeiting operation in history .
Ruzowitzky 's faux-doc shaky-cam zooms are less about the banality of evil than the inappropriateness of style .
Depicts the efforts of a Russian Jew to survive a Nazi concentration camp with his creativity and chutzpah .
Ruzowitzky depicts the care and attention to detail that went into the operation .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Ruzowitzky 's straightforward approach to this unusual story and cinematographer Benedict Neunfels 's documentary-style immediacy transcend the now well-worn Holocaust genre , bringing another side of the tragedy into unflinching focus .
It is a must-see , especially in this dreary movie season .
Mainly interesting for its premise and noteworthy for the main performance . -LSB- Not -RSB- nearly as deserving of accolades as many of the foreign language films that were ignored by the Academy .
Based on actual events , this is a dramatic war movie that shows the inner conflict at work in a group of prisoners stuck in an ethical quandary over how the cost of their survival might cause the deaths of many others .
This is a gripping account of psychological turmoil that 's also intellectually challenging .
A story of high risk and equally high principles in which life and death balances on the scale of usefulness to the cause of barbaric madmen .
Though similar to Schindler 's List , this riveting Holocaust drama , also based on a true story , features actors who throw themselves wholly into the violence of a brutal concentration camp as they practice a trade that could keep them alive .
Ruzowitzky honors all the talent with his strong , beautifully structured and eloquent script . Upscale audiences will embrace the fine results .
The moral dilemmas marshalled by Austrian director Stefan Ruzowitzky prove absolutely gripping , and the whole film is alive with style and intelligence .
An impressively directed drama with a superb central performance from Markovics and a gripping story to tell .
Far more than another Holocaust drama ; it 's an examination of complex moral shadows that make us capable of cowardice and courage at the same time .
The Counterfeiters is a story that had to be told , and German director Stefan Ruzowitzky tells it plainly but well .
This parable of fakery and compromise asks the most difficult question : how much would you be willing to sacrifice in the interest of your own survival ? And how grateful do you feel that you will probably never have to answer it ?
Ruzowitsky 's film , austerely shot and scripted with terse wit , grants itself a licence to make art in exchange for entertaining us with a gripping story .
A very thoughtful and imaginative effort .
An awesomely powerful movie exploring not just the day-to-day hell of life in a death camp , but also the moral quandary of helping the Third Reich win the war .
The moral implications of this scheme are so charged and turbulent that they defy neat resolution . If the film 's inhabitants are walking a tightrope , it occasionally seems that that its writer-director is too .
This is a first-rate piece of film-making that should appeal to fans of last year 's The Lives of Others .
Challenging and thought-provoking .
The Counterfeiters is anchored in Markovics ' central turn as a chilly egotist forced , for the first time , to consider others ' needs .
An absorbing new perspective on the moral , physical and emotional adversity faced in the concentration camps , with one of the most unusual anti-heroes , of any genre , of recent years .
Sensibly , this never takes sides ... and it proves a chilling reminder of the dilemmas faced by those placed in an impossible situation .
A sharp and compelling war drama that delivers on the promise of its astonishing true-life origins .
Haunting , horrible , brilliant .
Stefan Ruzowitzky 's meshing of plot with debate is impressive . His film is compelling and clever .
Only WWII junkies will find much of anything worth embracing here .
The moral quandary of Nazi complicity is revisited in taut drama The Counterfeiters .
Perhaps a tad too cerebral , the film is nevertheless a very well-mounted and acted production that treats its themes with considerable depth .

@highlight

The Counterfeiters is a gripping account of one prisoner 's moral dilemma , superbly portrayed by Karl Markovics .