Did you know there 's a sparrow sitting just outside your window ? Probably not -- they 're so common that they are practically invisible . That 's what the movie Bird People is getting at , in its own charming and humorous way .
Bird People is one of those rare opportunities to see something different and exceptional . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
The premise sounds interesting , but it suffers from a lack of cohesiveness . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
The characters are not engaging enough and the film ends up being boring . -LSB- full in review in Spanish -RSB-
A very subtle and smooth film . Basically a European version of Lost In Translation . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
An incomplete puzzle made out of different ideas that never really fit with each other . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
A low-key charming diptych character piece that was also divisive , at least according to the chatter in the lines at Cannes .
A few tweaks in tone and it could have been profound . Instead it lingers in the realm of the intriguing .
Potential narratives , other characters , other lives , could connect through Ferran 's film , that 's in the air , but will Gary and Audrey ? Details , details .
People are just like birds , this French drama asserts-over and over again , with mind-numbing obviousness , until you might feel like spreading your wings and flying away yourself .
... -LSB- a -RSB- glittering little oddity .
A slow build opens into flights of fancy .
... a strange and sometimes discomfiting movie that occasionally gets a little heavy-handed as it traces the trajectories of two disrupted souls through the depressingly neutral territory of an airport hotel .
An airport hotel may not seem the most inspiring of locations for a story of life-changing consequence , but French filmmaker Pascale Ferran 's delicate , compassionate `` Bird People '' is just that sort of risk-taking existential adventure .
The vehicle for the message feels haphazard , as if Ferran were trying to create a patchwork of various film types rather than one cohesive piece .
There are different kinds of bird people in Pascale Ferran 's winsome romantic drama , some more worth watching than others .
Bird People has ideas about nature , human and otherwise . It 's got a sense of romantic wonder .
A textbook example of ambition undercut by tonal and pacing inconsistency .
The special effects were assembled with painstaking details ... These dreamlike elements look organic and charming , and are the best part of the film .
At the risk of taking the avian symbolism a step too far , I 'd wager that telegraphing one 's intentions to interrogate the realities of 21st-century dislocation only to settle for hands-across-the-water truisms seems a little chicken .
When , at last , Ferran switches her attention fully to Demoustier 's character , Bird People finally takes off . It 's a moment worth waiting for -- and once it 's happened , the movie does not let you down again .
An artful experiment that only half works .
Bird People is slight but never inconsequential , dreamy but never unbelievable .
Ferran is prone to `` flights of fancy , '' pardon the pun , as some scenes in his film go on unchecked while others are n't allowed nearly the right amount of time to develop .
Viewed from a certain angle , `` Bird People '' is a very sad movie . But it 's also a lark .
The best moments in `` Bird People '' soar to such heights that you almost want to forgive the parts that amount to mere droppings .
A film that finds beauty and drama in the tiniest places .
This is a wisp of a movie , and yet it deals with an experience so pervasive that it 's usually barely acknowledged-this restlessness people feel to fly off to somewhere else .
Bird People finds new ways to anatomize 21st-century malaise .
Fanciful , original and unexpected airport-set drama that captures the frenzy and pressures of modern life contrasted with lives led by creatures free as a bird . But quirkiness and length may delay takeoff .
Pascale Ferran 's film is n't daring enough to fully embrace the narrative fragmentation that it sporadically assumes .
... we just found it too oblique , too delighted with itself , and frankly , too dull , to admire it much . It 's probably a good thing that it exists , but it 's not for us .
It 's deliciously risky , though Ferran falls far short of Icarus ' folly , soaring low and returning to earth having risked too little .
Two lost souls flock together , sort of , in an ambitious French film that takes flight in some highly unusual ways .

@highlight

Bird People is admirably ambitious , but its handful of high-flying moments do n't add up to a consistently compelling film .