Every performance in Friday Night Lights rings true .
It succeeds best as a sadly iconic portrayal of America 's love affair with Texas high school football .
So much more than a football movie .
What Friday Night Lights offers is the perspective that , for the people and young players caught up in this whirlwind , football simultaneously means everything and ultimately nothing .
Friday Night Lights is a feel-good movie , but it 's not real . It 's a hard-hitting Hallmark greeting card . It 's no wonder it appealed to Larry King % u2014 it 's safe , easy , conventional , and feigns incisiveness .
Had Billy Bob Thornton not been so good in so many films , people would be talking about this as his greatest role .
Few films have shown so powerfully the slashing double edge of sports fever .
The script spends at least as much time exploring the psychologies of the young players and the problems they face at home as it does rallying the audience behind their efforts on the field .
A heart-pounding big-screen treatment that captures all the action of a tumultuous season while showing the emotional toll on the players .
While the atmosphere is excellent , and the general elements all strong , the film sadly fails to give any real insight or depth in regards to explaining the hows and whys of the near fever over the game and its players .
You 'll leave the theater somewhat emotionally spent -- feeling like you 've been tackled by a 220-pound linebacker -- but it 's worth the ride . One of the best sports movies ever .
The affecting , gruelling result is less a document of recreational sport than one of obligation and ordeal .
The movie 's principles are seriously out of whack , even as it angles toward a Big Life Lesson about learning to live with falling short of greatness .
The best sports movie for years , as it 's not about sport at all . Forget fears of jingoistic grandstanding , this is an un-American all-American tale that deserves attention .
An excellent effort that packs a solid , emotional punch .
a good film , but it is preaching to the converted
Friday Night Lights is a film about football , but it shares more in common with films from the horror genre than with its predecessors .
A Friday night movie if ever there was one .
Thornton anchors the film with his understated but no less effective performance but the stand-out is Derek Luke -LRB- Antwone Fisher -RRB- - the scene where he finally realises that his football career is over is truly heartbreaking to watch .
Its script is pure corn , drenched in syrupy sentiment and topped with prize ham in the shape of Billy Bob Thornton 's tub-thumping coach .
There 's nothing particularly universal or relevant about this place - and sport-specific ode to American football . Although it 's a gripping and watchable true story .
Both a great sports film and a terrific commentary on human nature .
This is the rousing football movie Any Given Sunday failed to be .
My favorite film of 2004 .
Might very well be doomed to comparison solely with other sports movies . But at least within that realm it looks pretty darn good .
The film , just like the sports battles , allows spectators to get caught up in the excitement and become intoxicated on the glare of the blinding stadium lights .
As someone who normally finds football about as exciting as golf , I was often on the edge of my seat , particularly during the climactic championship game .
Nuance typifies both Mr. Thornton 's highly calibrated performance and the film 's absence of unnecessary underlining .
the film really lives out the metaphor realistically , just like Life
A crowded film in which the main characters emerge as people who have skewed and unsympathetic priorities .
might have been a truly great deconstruction of the secular religion of football had it not come dangerously close to buying into the very myth it is trying to dismantle
What elevates this ode to brotherhood from other sports dramas is that its subplots , the bulk of its thematic substance , are n't seeped in dating and teammate-envy turmoil .
When did director Peter Berg become Mr. Reliable ?
Expertly infuses humanity into the unforgiving , obsessive world of high school football .
Billy Bob Thornton delivers one of the best acting jobs of his career .
Friday Night Lights can be seen as Hoosiers in shoulder pads , especially in the emotional connection between the townspeople and the team .
Friday Night Lights is a movie that gets the gridiron action exactly right , but does not dig deeply enough into the lives of the players off the field .
But all in all , this is a movie for football fans ... if you do n't like the sport , then you might as well forget it and try something more to your tastes .
It has an intentionally rough , gritty , bleached , documentary feel but Berg is in complete control , with every shot a small gem of precision and mastery .
Bland pop Americana .
A solid football movie .
Viewers will be able to read into the do-or-die philosophy whatever they choose , and in the meantime simply enjoy this big-screen ode to the madness .
The movie works because Berg never forgets to keep his heart in the game and not just his head .
Substitutes slick , cynical point-scoring for insight .
Unusually well drawn characters and the empathy its creators have for them are just two of the things that distinguish Peter -LRB- Very Bad Things -RRB- Berg 's latest from most sports movies .
-LSB- Made -RSB- with a skill and grace that lifts the material up ; all of the actors , and everyone involved in the film 's production , came together and made something special .
Graduate work in the Jerry Bruckheimer school of overproduced , underwritten gut shots . Though Berg 's big-game finale will win fans , the buildup feels like one long time out .
Despite minor bugaboos , the film works because each play and conversation is filled with a nervy feeling of how fate could turn on its characters at any moment .
We see just how serious Texans -- fans and players alike -- take their football .
This West Texas football saga is a real , wrenching look at players , fans and the game that 's much more than a game .
Unparalleled realism and hard-hitting performances make Friday Night Lights one of the great sports movies .
Emotional gut punches are plentiful in director Peter Berg 's stunning ` Friday Night Lights . '
A good sports movie with amped up sports action , good acting , and an ending that sneaks up on you with surprising emotional power .
A true-life yarn that was dubbed by SI as `` one of the greatest sports stories of all time '' has now been turned into one of the dullest sports films of recent years .
Experiences most of its success by its disturbing depiction of adults living vicariously through their children .
Friday Night Lights is the real deal , a grim , in-your-face expose of one West Texas school 's fanatical sports program .
An emotionally draining viewing experience that only briefly threatens to be undermined by the requisite climactic locker-room pep talk that teeters ever so slightly toward the saccharine . Still , there 's a lot of truth here .
The story gestures at a cross-sectional view of America on a Nashville scale .
I ca n't help looking at this as an indictment of the high school football system .
The extreme close ups and use of a hand held camera part of the time was tedious , but as the film progressed , the excitement built to a tumultuous conclusion .
The documentary feel of the film drives home the message of `` it 's just a game , guys ! ''
as a football movie it scores , but as a drama that goes beyond the field and into the lives of the characters playing the game , it falls short of becoming a champ .
With the exception of Debbie Does Dallas , this is the best sports movie I have ever seen .
-LRB- Billy Bob -RRB- Thornton and -LRB- Lucas -RRB- Black -LRB- who could mature into a true acting force -RRB- are magnificent together as the young , unsure quarterback and his caring coach/mentor .
Tells an engrossing story with such conviction and honesty , embedded in a surplus of stylistic flourishes , that it becomes one of the best sports movies in recent memory .
Does a terrific job of showing the competitive nature of not just the kids but their parents and the pressure put on teenagers to perform ...
Sometimes , life just is n't fair . And `` Friday Night Lights '' takes that right out onto the field .
It is admirable how the movie delves into the psychology of a pathological need to win . A fantastic film .
A routine , rah-rah sports movie .
We do n't need a movie reinforcing that high school is the best time in your life because it 's not . If it was for you , get out there and do something more .
Berg 's choice of intense closeups and handheld camerawork gives up the bigness of the game , but in exchange we get up-close-and-personal views of how the players see the game .
Lights will make leave you cheering long after you digest its unflattering portrait of small-town obsession .
A poignant celebration and a chilly condemnation of the high school gridiron as God 's country .
Director Berg uses a smart blend of constantly moving camera and gritty film stock to give the film a documentary feel that 's both engaging and perfectly suited to this story .
There 's an interesting movie struggling to get out of Friday Night Lights , but every time it tries it gets rushed and tackled .
This film deserves a stronger , unifying theme .
People who like sports movies will love Friday Night Lights , but so will people who do n't like sports movies and would never think of seeing a high school football game .
What curdles the film beyond rescue by good acting and rousing action is the relentless emphasis on how warlike and painful football can be .
Delivers first-rate football action .
These kids are not fighting the power , much as they or you might want to believe it .
A compelling and stirring film .
The arcs of the characters have the persuasive authenticity of real life , as do the dramatic mechanics of the big-game finale .
An exciting and involving sports drama that more than does justice to the cliches it presents as ` a true story . '
More watchable than it ought to be .
Electric , witty , sad and wise .
The film does n't completely gloss over the rough stuff and remains , for the most part , true to the text .
The film delivers what sports fans really want .
Filled with plenty of bone-crushing , helmet-crashing action .
A stand-up example of how effective underdog sports movies are , no matter how many times you 've seen this kind of thing before .
Friday Night Lights scores .
A movie that feels genuinely lived in .
A very good movie .
Friday Night Lights captures this aspect of team spirit with honesty and passion .
Friday Night Lights is the best -LSB- football movie -RSB- I 've seen , and I 'm hard-pressed to think of another film about sports -- any sport -- that surpasses it .
Friday Night Lights bursts through the line of those beefy sports cliches , only to switch uniforms and join them .
Score !
Contains just the right mix of grunting , cheerleading and backbiting , of failure and success , of broken dreams and great expectations .
It honors the book of the same name .
Given -LSB- the editing and jittery camera work -RSB- , it 's hard to know exactly how to feel about the film . Fortunately , the story is just compelling enough , its performances convincing enough , to help .
Does a terrific job of exposing the pressure , intensity and , yes , near-insanity of high-school football in the West Texas town of Odessa .
Editing out many of the body blows and personal fouls from Bissinger 's hard-hitting account , Friday Night Lights on film tends to punt just when true insight demands going for first down .
... an unusually dark and serious examination of the intense pressure put on -LSB- high school football players -RSB- in a poor town .
The saddest sports movie since Hoop Dreams .
The movie demonstrates the power of sports to involve us ; we do n't live in Odessa and are watching a game played 16 years ago , and we get all wound up .
Black is positively riveting to watch ; who would have expected the gangly kid who befriended Carl Childers in Sling Blade to now be muscling his mentor out of the picture ?
An accurate potrayal of Texas High School football and the overzealous participation of those not even on the team . Great stuff !
A passably made , grittily acted slice of life in Texas that veers not an inch from the norm for this sort of picture .
There 's not much in Friday Night Lights that you have n't ever seen or could n't have imagined . Relative to most Hollywood sports movies , however , it just feels new .
... refuses to shy away from the way high school football ... can trample a kid 's love for the game .
Gripping ? Gut wrenching ? Sure , but if you 've seen one high school football movie , especially one set in Texas , you 've seen them all .
Peter Berg 's skilled vision and Billy Bob 's retrained performance result not only the best football film we 've seen in years ... but also one of the best movies of 2004 .
The movie shows the good , the bad , and the brutality of the sport ... with all the chills and thrills that you need , plus some .
Lights only diverts narrative tedium when the gladiators take the field ; effectively drowning out the nonsense that eventually takes place off the field .
-LSB- T -RSB- he belief that high school athletics is something worth ruining lives over is more likely to strike one as pathetic than praiseworthy .
This is flat-out the rawest , most realistic piece of storytelling about the sport that I 've ever seen .
Friday Night Lights fires up a gritty , grubby look at the dark underside of Texas ' primary religion - football .
Friday Night Lights is a slice of small town life where the success or failure of their beloved team will resonate and set the mood of the townsfolk for the entire year
This impressive , inspirational story not only captures the exhilaration of the gridiron action but also the intense pressures of these communal rites and rituals .
... so ineptly and annoyingly filmed that it should be used in filmmaking classes ... to demonstrate how not to make a movie .
A largely appealing drama , the kind of sports movie that anyone , even non-fans of football -LRB- like myself -RRB- , can get wrapped up in and care about .
-LSB- A -RSB- lifestyle advertisement for the noxious small-town culture that turns high-school football players into local heroes , no matter what price these young men have to pay .
Profoundly upsetting and pointed in its criticism , it 's concerned not just with football , but with the people who play it and the people it affects .
Berg fashions a Spike Lee-esque prism through which he sheds light on the game , though Berg has n't so much got game as he got highlight .
Football here serves as the fulcrum of an entire society , in which everything ... is distilled into the pressure cooker of fourth and long at the 35 .
One of the best football movies ever .
As you watch this film , you gradually begin to realize that it 's not delivering the emotional highs of the genre , and is going to a different place entirely .
An emotionally fulfilling experience .
By abandoning all attempts to explore the town 's obsession with the game , opting instead for sports-movie cliches and more slow-motion tackling , the filmmakers fall short of the goal line .
Always slick and pumped up , Friday Night Lights is real enough around the edges to hold our attention even if it sacrifices accuracy for storytelling ease .
As a survey of the anti-intellectualism and rage at the heart of the heartland , it burns with intelligence and energy .
A hard-hitting , fast-paced , stirring film .
Friday Night Lights does n't capture the essence of H.G. Bissinger 's bestselling book , but it does embody the spirit of Texas high school football .
Friday Night Lights is a razzle-dazzle movie about a Texas town and what their win-at-all costs ethic does to the young men on the high-school football team .
Peter Berg directs this Texas high school football extravaganza in a tough , gritty style that gives it an unusually fine and vivid sense of place .
Not a rah-rah Remember the Titans-style tribute to the excitement of football . ... Even in the movie 's happiest sequences , a sense of melancholia seems to be lurking nearby .
While its apparent effort to be both a critique and a reverential homage leaves lingering doubts , what 's unquestionable is the high quality of the filmmaking on display .
The movie is full of both crushing disappointment and hope , resignation and joy , ugliness and great beauty .
In a movie where the players are ordered to give 110 percent , Berg holds back .
If you 're not a football fan , Friday Night Lights wo n't make you one , but if you are , it will give you a good deal more to think about than your average gridiron flick .
Friday Night Lights is a disappointment in the end because it could have been so much more .
Friday Night Lights is like a third-down play that needs to pick up four yards but gets only two .
Berg takes you so deep into the action , you can hear the bones crunch .
As football movies go , it 's a great one .
The film feels like an anthology of cliches from a hundred football movies .
Boilerplate stuff , though livened by flashy editing and cinematography .
A stringent , stirring real-life drama .
Lights feels real , honest and -- most of all -- heartfelt , and it 's filled with good performances and a fine spirit .
You will watch as though you 've been rooting for the Panthers your entire life . The movie is that good .
You 'll be surprised -- and thrilled -- by how completely this film engages you .
How you view the film will undoubtedly depend on how much you share the movie 's unhealthy attitude towards competitive sports .
... had me literally in goose bumps and with my heart going into overdrive .
Football flick that will have you crying like a little baby . Powerfully directed , well-written with stalwart acting . However , gritty audio/visual may abrade .
Dizzying handheld camera shots make us part of every hard-hitting tackle
far too long with too many magnolious collisions on the field with little consequence , pretty much a movie without a premise .
The games are dynamically filmed ... but they lack credibility as players on both teams are obviously on a script and big plays are stage-managed to a ridiculous degree .
Friday Night Lights is a captivating movie for anyone from the most avid football fan to the people who are n't sure how many points you get for a touchdown
After stumbling out of the huddle and getting flagged for a few false start penalties , Friday Night Lights finally gets the chains moving in the second half .
Director Peter Berg 's adaptation is the cinematic equivalent of a recovered fumble : not disastrous , but also not terribly good .
I 'll stop short of calling it the greatest sports movie ever created , but it 's certainly got to be up there in the top five .
A powerful and poignant ode to the heartache and thrill of the game .
For high school football fanatics , this is a touchdown .
A long time ago I played under Friday night lights and let me tell you something , this movie gets it all right .
-LSB- The characters are -RSB- much more flawed that the usual cookie cutter characters found in sports flicks , and it 's difficult not to become emotionally involved in their plight .
There 's a surge in momentum through the playoffs and into the Texas state championship game , which occupies a quarter of the film 's nearly two-hour running time .
The film lets you get caught up in the excitement of this religion and the addictive nature of those stadium lights .






@highlight

An acute survey of the football-obsessed heartland that succeeds as both a stirring drama and a rousing sports movie .