Alan Arkin and John Goodman masterfully interpret these two film professionals ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Although there are still a few months until 2012 ends , Argo is possibly the best movie of the year . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
... the limited actor turned talented filmmaker -LSB- Ben Affleck -RSB- ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
... without a doubt the filmmaker has delivered an exciting film worthy of the upcoming awards season . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
... it achieves , in spite of the clear and limpid tessitura of the anecdote , a real story that dispenses with excessively sweetened or heroic doses ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Argo is a fast-paced work , its last half hour keeps the viewer in constant tension . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
That 's thanks to the direction , the performances , and the minimalist-yet-engaging emotional economy of the script . Argo is solid cinematic craftsmanship all around .
Affleck ... takes on what amounts to a historic period thriller with humorous elements and a hero in Mendez , and he does so like he 's the second coming of Robert Redford and George Clooney .
After all these years , Ben Affleck is still a listless actor . But he 's a terrific director , and in Argo , he 's done it again .
It simmers with real tension as it leapfrogs among characters and locations as much as 7,500 miles apart . Mr. Affleck uses an old-fashioned ringing telephone as effectively as Alfred Hitchcock ever did .
Argo is unquestionably a success , but it must be said that Affleck is not now , and will probably never be , a brilliant director .
Argo serves not only as an expertly wrought piece of entertainment but also an act of patriotic tribute .
... confirms -LSB- Ben -RSB- Affleck 's status as a good director . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
The critical situation of life or death is rarefied by a material that links with metacinematographic comedies - the preproduction of that fake film recalls Bowfinger or Ed Wood . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Fiction sometimes surpasses reality , and here , when reality seems fiction , there is no other way to relax and enjoy a finished film product . Hollywood has done it again . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A solid political spy movie , despite being gift-wrapped a little too neatly .
This is one of the best American mainstream movies of the year and another taut , terrific film from director Affleck . Truly unmissable .
Affleck is growing up as a filmmaker and Argo evinces newly found and assured footing for him .
Affleck continues to impress audiences with his keen eye for direction , knowing just when to fall back and allow this top-notch cast the freedom to interpret the events in a way that will most compel viewers .
Argo works 100 percent as a straight-up hard-boiled thriller , but its deeper thematic current is about trust .
A solid take on an improbable event in American history .
This is better than any horror movie .
The film does n't favour one side over the other . Also , the dramatisation is not without its light moments .
A riveting and exceedingly assured feature , Argo is a first-rate thriller that whilst lacking in any sense of historical relevance remains a perfectly fashioned piece of evening escapism .
With the guidance of Affleck 's steady hand and a clear vision , Argo builds a compelling story of both courage and deceit .
As solid and engrossing as Argo is , however , do n't believe all the hype -- it falls short of exceptional .
The screenplay abounds in droll dialogue and provides insider insight into Hollywood even lampooning people who work in show business .
Truth is stranger than fiction , it 's a fact ; but when truth and fiction morph into each other , the strangeness factor increases exponentially . That 's what happens in Ben Affleck 's ingenious take on the real-life CIA -LRB- Iran hostage -RRB- mission .
It 's so sleek and well-made that you 'll wish you could park it in your driveway and show it off to your neighbors .
If the aim is to draw a parallel between the artifice of Hollywood and the spy trade , Argo never quite comes together , but it is a well-executed thriller that tells a true story in entertaining fashion .
A solid piece of entertainment as well as a timely and exciting encapsulation of real-life historical intrigue , Argo shows actor-director Ben Affleck in impressive form almost all the way across the board .
Affleck is still building up his chops as a director , but the intelligence and ambition he brings to filmmaking are particularly apparent in Argo .
The old saw `` truth is stranger than fiction '' has had its teeth properly sharpened in the superb thriller Argo , a blend of political history and Hollywood hijinks that goes right for the jugular .
How do you mix a sweaty thriller with Wag the Dog-like chicanery and one-liners ? He pulls it off , in part because the backdrops and costumes are so authentic and the performances so straightforward . It is also his technique .
I ca n't remember the last time I was in a movie theater audience that clapped . Twice . Even I clapped . It 's that good .
Credit Affleck for keeping these two wildly different ideas and tones in check . The Tehran portions would have been too grim without the humor , and the Hollywood scenes too flippant without the deadly stakes .
Much like his earlier directorial efforts , Gone Baby Gone and The Town , Affleck delivers a blockbuster with brains that 's populated by nicely rounded characters .
Sharp , brisk and highly entertaining .
The emotional catharsis of Argo is n't what happens onscreen , but the sheer knowledge that the creaky old moviemaking system has put together something this crowd-pleasing and great .
It 's not quite high art , but Affleck makes a potboiler here , joining the upper ranks of actors-turned-directors . Nice job , Ben .
With star -- and the film 's director -- Ben Affleck sporting his best bushy beard and playing a genial spook , Argo turns out to be an enjoyable and polished spy thriller .
Argo does n't quite match Gone Baby Gone or The Town for quality but that just shows how much of an impression the one time star of Bounce has made in the director 's chair .
A smart , gripping thriller and further proof that Ben Affleck is as adept behind the camera as he is in front of it .
Argo is one of this year 's must-see films which , unlike most , is tremendous entertainment .
The staging of the actual airport getaway is flawless and thrilling ; in recreating it Affleck is blunt in depicting the hatred fueling the hunt for remaining Americans on Iranian soil .
Affleck 's eye as a director is relentlessly curious , constantly looking for the details that sell the emotion or the tension or the subtext , and it feels like he 's become very confident .
-LSB- An -RSB- exceedingly good period thriller .
Argo is crackerjack entertainment deserving of both awards and box office as it offers up two hours of laughs , suspense and history in an extremely enjoyable package .
Argo certainly is n't a film to be dismissed , the interesting moments should be enough to pull you through , but a film like this , about this story , with this cast , really had the potential to be much more .
Ben Affleck has delivered a knuckle-muncher of a thriller and a satire on Hollywood , both in one unlikely package .
The acting of the ensemble cast -- led strongly by Affleck , who also directed the picture -- is faultless . No one steals a scene . Everyone picks one up , runs with it a while , and hands it to someone else .
Argo is consistently tense , entertaining and watchable . After Gone Baby Gone , The Town and now this , Affleck is a bigger star behind the camera than in front of it .
Sometimes the truth is stranger than fiction . And sometimes it is n't , and it must be bent and twisted out of shape until any authenticity becomes purely theoretical .
Even though the ending is well known , Affleck masterfully maintains the tension , tempering it with welcome laughs provided by two veteran filmmakers involved in the scheme -LRB- Alan Arkin and John Goodman -RRB- .
Argo is extremely savvy entertainment , deftly blending showbiz satire with street-level suspense sequences .
The cast helps to keep things moving -- particularly the hilarious interplay between Arkin and Goodman . And is it me , or should Bryan Cranston be in every film released ?
Affleck 's resurgence continues with a solid third directorial outing , and great performances from the entire cast .
Only two scenes do more than hint at the poetic potential of the premise .
Extraordinarily suspenseful , extremely well-told and effortless in its complex tonal balance , Argo is a captivating and thoughtful true-life drama that boasts a story so astonishing , it could only be told in the movies .
Let 's just say that the movie 's final section is so nail-bitingly tense , thanks to a skillful combination of acting , writing and crosscutting , that it puts Affleck in the big leagues as a director .
With one of the better ensembles in recent memory , Affleck purposely gives his cast room to shine while not diminishing the risks Mendez took .
Affleck , who directs as well as stars , conjures a denouement every bit as stomach-shredding as Skyfall 's .
Fists will be clenched , jaws will be locked , breath will be held and hearts will palpitate , all while you sit on the edge of your seat . If Affleck has committed any cinematic sins in the past , Argo absolves him of them all .
Affleck is becoming a more skillful director with each passing project , and in terms of both technical accomplishment and entertainment value , Argo is a worthy successor to his previous films , Gone Baby Gone and The Town .
While the plot of Argo sounds too unbelievable to be true , this fact-based story ends up as both compelling and as exciting as any adventure James Bond ever had .
By not pandering sentimentality , Affleck has managed a task that , like its subject , seems impossible : He 's taken what others would have turned into farce and emerged with one of the year 's best pictures .
Ben Affleck 's wildly entertaining thriller Argo is further proof of the old Hollywood adage that fiction is stranger than truth after all .
The film hits most of its comic notes on the backs of two Hollywood old-timers played by Alan Arkin and John Goodman , who clearly relish the opportunity to lampoon people they work with every day .
This is mature , invigorating stuff , alternately tense , funny , stirring and ultimately very satisfying .
This is premium , breathless entertainment .
Entertaining and suspenseful in old-fashioned ways .
A superior effort in which Affleck seldom fails to maintain suspense .
The film , for all its ample smarts and solid academic craft , is just a great time at the movies .
... a terrific piece of filmmaking .
Ben Affleck is one of this generation 's best directors and `` Argo '' is a tight , engaging thriller .
Argo is director Ben Affleck 's weakest effort by far , but still a well-made , performance-driven historical drama .
The only reason to watch Argo is because it 's heavily padded , and while it works pretty well regardless , I would n't hold that up as an example of high quality filmmaking .
Ben Affleck is a director who appreciates the art of storytelling and masters the rare virtue of restraint ...
The sky 's the limit for Ben Affleck right now , and its nothing less than he deserves .
The picture finds a way to blend , of all things , quite funny Hollywood comedy -- yes , you read that right -- with not-so-funny derring-do in Tehran .
Affleck spins the absurd true story into an engrossing espionage thriller that would be utterly ridiculous if the stakes were n't literally life-or-death .
After Gone Baby Gone , The Town and now this directorial-best , Affleck is establishing himself as a major craftsman .
Affleck himself turns in a quietly impressive movie star performance . Tony Mendez is a kind of anti-Bourne , comfortable with his anonymity , living off his wits , not his fists .
Affleck inserts such thoughtful commentary and ideas unobtrusively into his film ; there 's no ideological ball-peen hammer from the filmmaker to drive his beliefs into the audience .
Argo expertly builds tension and makes you wonder whether the mission will succeed .
There are many heroes in Ben Affleck 's spunky , polished political thriller . But the biggest hero is Hollywood itself .
A strong yet uneven effort ...
We are invested in this rescue mission not simply because these are fellow Americans in peril , but also because Argo takes the time to make each person behind enemy lines unique and authentic .
An edge-of-your-seat thriller not to be forgotten at Oscar time !
` Argo ' only clocks in at a two-hour running time and tells a much better story than the films that over-stuff audiences with nearly three-hours .
Second billing to unabashed jingoism
This may be the most geek-friendly movie that never did the rounds at Comic-Con .
When Tony -LRB- Ben Affleck -RRB- lands in Tehran and trains the frightened Americans to play their parts as a Canadian film crew , Argo compares the ruses run by governments and movie studios .
The whole thing is paced like a whip , and the third act may literally be the most suspenseful piece of film I 've ever seen - and yes , I have seen Rear Window . Recommended without any reservation for every and any cinemagoer .
A terrific supporting cast , especially the non A-list actors , make the dramatic license taken justified and redeem Affleck for miscasting himself in the hero 's role .
A brilliant thriller that 's based on a historical incident , ` Argo ' is one of the best films of 2012 .
A wonderfully lively and engrossing movie ...
An enthralling and deliciously entertaining movie -- and a deserved triumph for its star and director .
Functional .
The details make for a rip-roaring story , which Affleck invests with old-school directorial élan .
Ben Affleck leaps on to the A-list of directors with this relentlessly entertaining thriller , combining comedy and nerve-jangling suspense to maximum effect .
If you 're a nailbiter , bring gloves , because the suspense will see you reach your knuckles .
Surprisingly enjoyable , given that you may have little prior commitment to this story and only mildly fancy Affleck .
Affleck skilfully turns the screw of suspense , gaining added traction from an extremely convincing recreation of the setting and period .
Ben Affleck 's movie tells an amazing but true story set against the context of the Iranian hostage crisis .
Talent borrows and genius steals , but Affleck does something in between : he mimics .
It 's impossible to be bored by a story this good , especially with that cast .
Part of what makes this headspinning story believable is the fact that it pans out in an oddly uncomplicated way .
The shaggy and bearded Ben Affleck , barely recognisable from his former self , gives a great lead performance . Understated , intense and steely-eyed , Affleck has the screen presence of legendary actor/director Clint Eastwood .
Affleck the director is utterly sure-footed with an instinctive feel for characterization , tension and pacing as he builds the action towards a nail-biting climax .
A dum-tight thriller demonstrating that Affleck is one of the most accomplished directors working in Hollywood today .
-LSB- Affleck -RSB- once again proves , as he did in The Town , that he 's a pretty good actor but a great director .
Nailing the tension , the terror and the gallows humour of its story without resorting to jingoism or losing sight of its political context , Argo is a close-to-flawless thriller with a devilishly smart mouth .
Better to watch it as a meta cinema commentary than a historical thriller . Either way , Argo is both smart and fun but ultimately lightweight . Star Wars fans may well cry before the credits roll .
It 's to Affleck 's credit that he manages to knit Hollywood levity into the genuinely gripping question of whether the embassy Americans can pull this off .
Ben Affleck proves that his transition from blockbuster poster boy to serious dramatic director is now complete ... The film 's portrayal of America as a superpower under siege serves as a timely comment on the nation 's place in the world today .
While I 'm not buying into the early Oscar hype for ` Argo , ' it is a gripping and exciting story that is mostly true and mostly authentic .
Hold on tight and revel in the brilliance of a riveting film that 's enthralling in execution and subtext .
Affleck has crafted a truly old school suspense movie that is as involving as any film I 've seen this year .
Given today 's headline news from the Middle East , it seems not only frighteningly , jarringly real , but like it could easily have happened last week .
There is an intelligent , funny film waiting to come out of this story ; it will have to keep waiting .
A not to miss film
With a tension right out of the best of Hitchcock , Affleck directs Chris Terrio 's masterful screenplay with a restraint that never overplays the comic elements or overstates the obvious -- and with a velocity that seldom allows you to catch a breath .
With Affleck 's continued growth as a director , it makes you want to see what he will deliver next .
Affleck has paraded well beyond dramatic liberties into a thick confetti of parochial myth-making , and it 's disconcerting to see how content he appears to be with trading fact for fiction .
Mel Brooks meets John Frankenheimer ... a strange blend of inside Hollywood comedy and docudrama . The parts do n't always mesh , but they do often enough to assure Affleck another crowd-pleaser
This pulse-racing thriller , set in the aftermath of Iran 's Islamic Revolution , grabs you by the throat .
For 100 minutes , ` Argo ' is close to flawless .
Argo is among the worthiest spy thrillers to come out of Hollywood in years , and it puts to rest -LRB- at least for this reviewer -RRB- any doubts over Affleck 's chops as a smart , shrewd director of consistently topnotch fare .
Argo will make you say `` wow '' not because of anything big and flashy but purely for its well-told story .
It 's a reminder of what the movies can offer when they 're at their best : an escape into another world and a pertinent look at our own .
As a director , Ben Affleck is getting into Alan Pakula territory .
Even when it embellishes certain details leading up to its climax , Affleck and his actors by that time have sold the audience on its authenticity . How appropriate .
I found it hard for me to get into at first , but the final act more than makes up for it . Ben Affleck sure has come a long way since his days with Kevin Smith .
It 's exciting , it 's funny , it 's suspenseful . The ending is nail-biting .
This is a classy heist movie with a bizarre set-up ; it 's entertaining as well as thrilling .
A tense political thriller with a dash of Hollywood satire thrown in to sweeten the deal , this is a gripping crowd pleaser that is sure to take home some statuettes come Oscar season . Your move , Matt Damon .
The real Argo that 's landing in cinemas now should n't be mistaken as anything other than a spellbinding , old-fashioned thriller . I 've got sweaty palms and an elevated pulse to prove that it 's one of the year 's very best films .
A suspenseful , topical and surprisingly humorous film that 's deserving of the Oscar buzz surrounding it .
The only real criticism , surprisingly , is Affleck . Perhaps the time has come to think about spending more time behind the camera rather than in front of it .
... incredibly entertaining , lucid crowd pleaser . I 'm -LSB- annoyed -RSB- that people may hear the synopsis and go ` Oh , that 's not my thing ' , because Argo is everyone 's thing : it 's one of the year 's best films .
Its politics are subtle , its performances are good , and its script is amazing .
There 's `` creating an intense , claustrophobic situation in a foreign locale '' and there 's `` inciting unquestioning fear of ` the other ' , '' and Argo pulls off the former far more often than it accidentally achieves the latter .
An ingeniously conceived thriller that 's almost as much about our collective love of cinema as it is a tricky international incident .
Suspenseful movie based on a true incident ; Ben Affleck 's stock rises as an actor and director .
Trusts the audience with a significant amount of detail and develops suspense on a more cerebral level , leaving you with a deeper respect and understanding of the situation .
Affleck 's seamless melding of intense thrills in Tehran and biting humour in California makes for a wholly satisfying movie .
The use of dramatic licence in the finale is too obvious but aside , Argo is a solid dramatic thriller that is informative , entertaining and gripping .
The film has heart and brains as well as balls , the screenplay delivering a clear and strong story without sacrificing either political or personal context
As a real life human drama , it is extraordinary . As a thrilling movie experience , it is unmissable
A thoroughly enjoyable , well put together movie that flies by , works well and largely succeeds at what it is trying to accomplish . Also one of those movies where it feels like `` I should LOVE it - but do n't . ''
One of the year 's best
It 's okay to take a few liberties in the name of a good story
A funny trip to Hollywood and gripping escape from Tehran .
Hats off to Argo , a taut , clever new film directed by and starring Ben Affleck , for deftly , constructing historical realism five minutes into the narrative and locking us into that frantic period of 1979 .
If there 's one lesson to be gleaned from director Ben Affleck 's relentlessly tense , painstakingly detailed Argo , it 's that we should consider the possibility that our history has been manipulated more than many of us would care to admit .
Argo smacks of being another dreary Oscar contender but in actuality it 's destined to be one of the fall 's most purely enjoyable films .
Ar-go see them in action .
... a crackling good suspense thriller ...
I was literally in tears for parts of Argo , a purely physical reaction , not an emotional one , to deal with the tension ... That is n't only some serious movie magic , it 's a downright master class in suspense filmmaking from director Ben Affleck .
Under its own terms as an upscale mainstream thriller , it 's a total success . This is classy moviemaking , from its well-observed performances to immaculate eye for period detail .
a crackerjack based-on-a-true story thriller that finally allows actor/director Ben Affleck to demonstrate his behind-the-camera muscles in a location other than his native Boston
-LSB- A -RSB- perfectly lovely , immensely watchable , intermittently shallow , and slightly bloated thriller .
Successfully manages to be respectful about the turbulent events and function as an exciting Hollywood spy thriller .
As the suspense intensifies , it becomes increasingly obvious that many of these suspense-laden plot points are simply made up . The story turns into a standard Hollywood formula and it loses credibility because of that .
Argo feels like a proper old-fashioned 70s thriller , the kind Alan J Pakula used to make : taut and lean , but with dialogue to die for , plus character and attitude to spare .
Impeccably directed , superbly written and brilliantly acted , this is a terrifically entertaining thriller that gets everything right and confirms Ben Affleck as a major directing talent .
For a story about out-of-the-box thinking and high-risk heroism , Argo plays it surprisingly safe .
This is a film that runs the gamut from grim to absurd .
Combining laughs and thrills with plenty of verve , Ben Affleck continues his smart directorial career with a stylish , gripping hostage drama .
Argo is tense , affective and not just Affleck 's best film but one of the best films of the year .
Ben Affleck continues his hot streak as a director .
Affirms Affleck 's talents and , perhaps , his limitations . The period detail and overall technical credits impress , but Affleck relies too often on handheld camera to convey intensity , and on crosscutting to generate suspense or ` irony . '
... the best kind of Hollywood movie , a gripping , suspenseful story leavened with dry grim humor and resolved in well-earned uplift .
Argo is a terrific movie that pulls off the rare trifecta of being smart , funny and exciting .
Now that Affleck taken up directing and chosen his acting roles more carefully , the wait between his films seems intolerably long .
`` Argo '' helps cement his -LRB- Afflecks -RRB- new reputation as a fine film maker , one who should hear his name called when Oscar nominations are announced .
Affleck 's triumph is the way he blends multiple tones in making ` Argo ' work as an Iran story , a Hollywood story and a Washington , D.C. , story .
` Argo ' is one of the best movies of the year .
What Affleck has proven again with this directing and acting project is that a film by him is a movie event that should n't be missed .
Anyone who thinks the cheesiness of the proposed Argo 's plot and shameless aping of A New Hope is far-fetched has obviously never seen Battle Beyond the Stars .
Appealing conventional thriller .
Affleck knows how to keep a tight grip on a story , gets better at ratcheting tension with every film , and displays a fearlessness when it comes to mixing genre .
A traditional mainstream Hollywood thriller that mixes humor and serious life-and-death situations . It also has the extra bonus of `` historical importance '' because it 's based on a true story .
An amazingly proficient film ... If the movie gains any traction , expect one of its snatches of dialogue to permeate our collective consciousness .
Argo is a skillful , dramatic entertainment . It 's slick . But in its rush to be `` feel-good , '' Argo sacrifices a lot - such as depth and credibility . It has thrills and laughs ; it just does n't have much substance .
The plaudits have to go to Ben Affleck , whose producing/directing/acting trifecta makes ` Argo ' one of the top films of the year , and a natural for the Oscar .
The closer the film gets to its big finale , the more we can hear the hum of typical suspense-thriller machinery .
Argo is a gripping , nail-biting thriller whose last act will have you sitting on the edge of your seat .
A testament to Affleck 's uncanny storytelling ability , making mission impossible possible .
Argo is n't just fascinating because it 's a true story , it 's fascinating because Affleck tells the story well , building tension while always maintaining a very human-centered approach .
Argo is a feat for Ben Affleck as a director , and this third time as a charm proves he 's one of the most promising directors working today .
Ben Affleck , director , can do no wrong with the terrific political thriller Argo . Ben Affleck , actor and star , that 's another story .
A nail-biter of the highest order , Argo is crackerjack mix of world politics , classic screen suspense , and knowing Hollywood ribbing .
Taut , intelligent , funny , timely and thoroughly entertaining . Finally , there comes along a Hollywood movie made for adults .
Argo is a godsend . It 's a fully realized commercial film that tells an engaging , based on true life tale in a terrific , spellbinding fashion .
Easily Affleck 's best directed film yet , Argo also ticks off a number of boxes on the Best Picture nominee checklist : grand scope , historical basis , uplifting story of human triumph . The movie 's great escape sequence goes a little overboard , though .
Suspenseful , astounding true story of an improbable rescue mission during the 1979 Iran hostage crisis . Ben Affleck has directed one of the year 's best films .
Clever , competent filmmaking with lovable characters and catchy dialog , the kind of movie Aaron Sorkin might make if he was just a smidge less of a smarmy prick . And obviously , Affleck 's beard is the bomb .
... a taut tale that can keep you on the edge of your seat ... Affleck again shows that he is one of the best directors in Hollywood .
An edge of your seat drama that will give you some much needed entertainment !
Divorce it from awards-season hype , and Argo holds up fine : There 's no need to pretend it 's something it 's not , when what it is works just fine .
A goofy sci-fi film dubbed Argo never got made in 1980 . Fortunately for moviegoers , a brilliant , Oscar-worthy drama/thriller of the same name did get made in 2012 .
For those people with lingering questions about Ben Affleck 's talents as a filmmaker , Argo should remove any doubt .
Argo has that solid , kick-the-tires feel of those studio films from the 70s that were about something but also entertained . Only it 's as laugh outright amusing as it is sobering .
Taut political thriller based on real-life escape from Iran .
... Seamlessly blends elements of the thriller , political drama , heist movie and comedy , with none of those disparate elements undermining any of the others .
Affleck has made a film that features multiple locations , dozens of speaking roles , and the kind of tonal shifting that veterans routinely screw up and he 's not only dodged the many potential pitfalls but made a modern classic by doing so .
Argo may be a good film that was just viewed by someone who is n't its target audience , but in the meantime feels like another Ben Affleck related project that 's being over praised because of who 's attached to it and its bureaucratic subject matter .
Affleck successfully uses history to tap into very real fears -LRB- both personal and political -RRB- about what may come tomorrow .
Affleck impresses with the thematic sophistication of his vision . He is a man who truly believes in the redemptive powers of cinema .
The movieland satire is laid on thick , but it 's also deadly accurate . Schlock has never seemed so patriotic , and Arkin and Goodman have rarely been so good .
Five years ago , I thought Ben Affleck was done .
A gutsy blend of suspense and off-the-wall humor , `` Argo '' will immediately grab you from the rush of its prologue and not let go until the end credits roll .
It is startling how recent events have lent Argo an almost uncanny currency-in the process highlighting sobering current realities downplayed by the media .
Terrio 's script and Affleck 's direction combine these disparate settings - the glamour of a phony Hollywood party and the chaos of battle-torn Tehran - with an attention for detail that makes both worlds authentic and alive .
Whatever the blow to Canuck pride , the real story of `` Argo '' makes for one fantastic movie , a gripping fact-based thriller whose tension is spiced with humor and poignancy .
Ben Affleck 's excellent thriller Argo does what all films based upon ` true stories ' should : Find a historical tale very few are familiar with , and tell it with the gusto of great fiction .
Every step of the way is thrilling and heart-pounding .
There is not a wasted moment of action or dialogue in this film . `` Argo '' should rightfully be on Oscar 's short list of Best Movies for 2012 .
Argo is a rollicking yarn , easily the most cohesive and technically accomplished of Affleck 's three films so far , but a part of me wishes the director had n't cast himself in the lead role .
John Goodman and Alan Arkin make the Hollywood side of the movie fabulous , but Argo spends too much time in waiting-around mode to be fully successful as a thriller .
It might still be early in the Best Picture award race season , but this is clearly one of the top front-runners . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
Is Argo the best movie it could possibly be ? No , but what it is is still pretty damn great .
Politically relevant but free of the usual cynicism and controversy that typically makes such movies a downer for general audiences , Ben Affleck 's dramatic thriller is a perfectly worthwhile piece of Oscar-friendly entertainment .
I suspect that ARGO will end up being one of 2012 ′ s most celebrated films . And that is just how it should be . This is an American movie that can bring us together during these polarized times .
If nothing else , it proves that every so often , the CIA can pull something off - and that yes , Canadians are just about the nicest people on the planet .
The film is a whopper of a tale , one designed for Oscar nominations , Best Picture and Best Director among them .
Take away the regrettable late-1970s fashion and facial hair and director Ben Affleck 's `` Argo '' is one timely , taut thriller .
Argo is funny , scary and completely enthralling . And it 's smart .
Argo is a movie of many parts , the sum of which can probably be best described as enjoyable Hollywood hokum .
It 's a well-told story that 's timely , topical and thoroughly entertaining .
It may not have a lot beyond its outrageous story , but the story is undeniably a doozy , and the movie is a blast .
If you did n't know otherwise , you 'd swear this was the work of a veteran master like Steven Soderbergh .
It 's serious and substantive , an ingeniously written and executed drama fashioned from a fascinating , little-known chapter of recent history .
Affleck has emerged as one of the premier directors in Hollywood , even if it is very very very very good instead of magnificent .
This is movie storytelling at its best , and if it did n't play out quite this way in real life , it should have .
Affleck is good enough in the role to chase away rumors that he was only cast because he was sleeping with the director .
With Argo , Affleck emerges into the front rank of contemporary American directors .
Argo '' is a superb drama from a conscientious actor-director who tells his story in a taut , straightforward manner without any gimmicks or tricks .
Argo is a rare film , one that gets absolutely everything right .
An often riveting film , between the second act lag and Affleck 's ponderous protagonist , ` Argo ' is unfortunately not as wonderful as it should have been .
... exciting and gripping all the way through .
Even though most people know the outcome , this movie still will have you on the edge of your seat .
Even with the final result being fairly obvious , the story and its details ... are still suspenseful ; it is a tale of a series of trials with no room for error .
A good picture , certainly , but no more than that . In spite of what others might claim , there just is n't much substance here beyond the patently obvious .
That terrifying opening sequence prompts the realization that we 've never really had the definitive film treatment of this chapter in American history . The rest of the movie prompts the realization that maybe this is it .
The movie is accomplished enough to stand alongside the 1970s political thrillers that inspired it , right down to the vintage red-and-black Warner Bros. logo that opens the film .
Fusing suspense and humor in a political thriller is a tricky prospect , but Argo is more than up to the task .
It 's the definition of far-fetched popcorn-patriotic heroics .
Ben Affleck does n't merely direct Argo , he directs the hell out of it , nailing the quickening pace , the wayward humor , the nerve-frying suspense . There 's no doubt he 's crafted one of the best movies of the year .
A film worthy of its incredible hook : engaging , thoughtful , completely gripping .
Affleck is no longer one of Hollywood 's most promising new directors - he has arrived . This film works on every level .
`` Argo '' exults in what a movie can do when its story has a compelling core .
`` Argo '' is both an inspiring tale of risk and heroism , and a crackling piece of entertainment .
With America 's tormented relationship with Iran back on the global front burner , `` Argo '' is also a crafty , reflective mood piece that will leave you thinking about the resounding echoes of that tormented and not-so-distant era .
It 's high-class Hollywood , not the low-rent and exploitative route that the make-believe movie at the heart of this tale would have taken .
The script is snappy , but the real accomplishment here is how Affleck , who both stars in and directs Argo , manages to segue from Ocean 's 11-style repartee to pulse-pounding tension and back again .
This is only Affleck 's third film as director , but each time he gets behind the camera , he shows tremendous skill . With `` Argo , '' he presents a skill for tension , combining that with a story that often comes off as humorous .
Argo is a subdued thriller about a small triumph in a troubled moment in time , but it 's not without its sting .
Argo is the first film I 've seen this year that warrants an Oscar nomination for Best Film .
Affleck easily orchestrates this complex film with 120 speaking parts as it moves from inside-the-Beltway espionage thriller to inside Hollywood dark comedy to gripping international hostage drama , all without missing a step .
A gripping political thriller about the 1979 rescue of six American diplomats trapped in Iran .
-LSB- Affleck 's -RSB- ambition for the thriller has gone international , it 's gone important , but , crucially , not self-important .
We know how it ends , but Affleck amps up the tension with his command of thriller dynamics , and the final moments at the Tehran airport are suitably tense .
An impressive mix of serious suspense filmmaking and ironic , mood-lightening humor . And it has the added distinction of being mostly true , based on a declassified CIA operation .
A tone-perfect hybrid of insider show-biz spoof and tense spy thriller .
A solid crowd-pleaser but one awaits a tougher-minded movie from Ben Affleck . ` Argo ' proves he has it in him .
This is riveting material , further heightened by its contemporary significance . So many ticking-clock elements are juggled that the tension never subsides .
Contains elements of thriller , comedy , political and Hollywood satire , and just about every one of them works .
In the end , this is a story about outwitting rather than killing the enemy , making it a homage to actual intelligence and an example of the same .
With `` Argo , '' Affleck 's proved beyond a doubt he 's an A-list filmmaker .
An entertaining , real-life , race-the-clock thriller that nabs you at the start and never makes a wrong move .
It 's an embodiment of the kind of quality adult film that really should n't be an endangered species , and a love letter from Affleck to the industry that made him , shunned him , and loves nothing more than to be loved .
The film offers bitter food for thought at a time when the Middle East is going through yet another frantically incendiary period .
Fact-based but politically cautious .
Argo navigates these familiar qualities through a nice calibration of performances and breezy pace that pulls you along with the increasingly risky stakes .
Affleck 's greatest talent , however , may lie in his casting instincts : In addition to the above-mentioned turns by Arkin and Goodman , stand-out performances are also delivered by Bryan Cranston ... and Victor Garber .
Argo is a supremely constructed popcorn flick , a political thriller taut as piano wire and a Hollywood satire funnier than most comedies on the subject .
A key part of the zip of watching `` Argo '' is the pleasure of seeing its large group of character actors dig into small , pivotal roles .
Affleck Delivers Fresh , Exciting True-Life Espionage Tale
Not a deep movie , but an extraordinarily well-crafted one . It 's a political thriller in which we go in knowing the outcome , but the film continually surprises us and keeps us dancing on a razor 's edge of suspense .
Its intellectual honesty and lack of agenda are that of a filmmaker who is less auteur than a first-rate craftsman .
Before he was a Middle Eastern studies major , Ben Affleck dreamed of directing a movie that mattered . `` Argo '' is his dream come true .
An exciting , fact-based action thriller that adds some real human dimension and satirical jabs to the mix .
Undeniably rousing , but deeply irresponsible , Argo fans the flames surrounding historical events likely to still remain raw in the memory of many viewers .
A compelling movie , if not a perfect one .
... a deeply myopic view of the world , one focused through a distinctly - and distorted - American lens .
Ben Affleck is closing in on the perfect thriller . `` Argo '' shows us how near the mark he has gotten in just three films .
The propulsive hostage thriller `` Argo , '' the third feature directed by Ben Affleck , just plain works .
The film glides skillfully from the perilous front lines of international espionage to the lower reaches of show business and back again , quietly drawing parallels between worlds in which appearances are everything .
Both spellbinding and surprisingly funny .
It 's the kind of movie that wins Oscars , sure , but it 's also consistently entertaining and socially conscious without being heavy-handed .
A well-written and expertly paced recount of an unbelievably true story that boldly announces itself as the first real contender of Oscar season .
Just fantastic all around the board . Affleck paints a great picture , and I 'll tell you what . 1980 's Iran ? Scarier than Jurassic Park . One of the best of the year , 4.5 / 5 Schmoes . Will be nominated for Best Picture .
There is plenty of action , not the fist-fighting kind , but it 's such an engrossing story that you 're on the edge of your seat the entire movie .
One part caper comedy and two parts edge-of-your-seat political thriller ... an exhilarating theatrical experience .
`` Argo '' is one more example of how Hollywood waters down its movies for mass consumption . They need to try harder . Much , much harder .
It re-creates the mood of an era , a nation 's frustration and anger , all while rollicking along with a crackling adventure .
A lot of movies take us back to the late '70s / early '80s , but few have done it so forcefully and with so little application of kitsch .
Argo is a triumph . It has tension , sincerity , mystery , artistic responsibility , entertainment value , technical expertise , a narrative arc and a thrilling respect for the tradition of how to tell a story with minimum frills and maximum impact .
Clever , taut , and restrained .
'' ` Argo ' is quite a satisfactory impossible mission indeed . ''
Affleck 's thoughtul , extremely entertaining film shifts easily from the threatening to the comic , capturing the odd mix of fear and absurdity that informs the national mood .
A fascinating and incredibly entertaining crowd-pleaser , Argo is also a testament to how much Ben Affleck has matured into one of the finest directors working today .
ARGO is a perfect combination of storytelling , smarts and suspense .
Affleck captures not just the way we looked and acted during this era , but vividly brings history to life .
Out in the audience , you never shake the feeling-partly intentional-that Argo itself is swaddled in a kind of phony ersatzness .
A marvel of cunning , an irresistible blend of cool realism and Hollywood hokum .
While steeped in the trends and filmmaking style of the decade , `` Argo '' still feels immediate and relevant . Affleck 's best film yet is also one of the best films of the year .
Ben Affleck not only stars in the film . He produces and directs . It 's his skill as a director that sets this film apart from most political thrillers . The film is well-paced , absorbing and believable .
The impeccably paced political thriller further affirms the fact that Affleck is a towering force behind the lens .
One of the year 's most entertaining and satisfying films , a thoughtful thriller that keeps you on edge without resorting to cheap tricks .
Affleck , having now directed his third strong feature film after Gone Baby Gone and The Town , works in a solid , gritty , non-show-offy style . This is his very best movie yet , and it deserves to be a widely seen crowd-pleaser .
Politically-charged suspense that 's strategically laced with humor , it 's compelling , intense , exceptionally intelligent entertainment .
Ben Affleck 's very dramatic , funny , and even timely period thriller just may the most wholly satisfying movie of the year .
Argo is never less than wildly entertaining , but a major part of its power is that it so ominously captures the kickoff to the world we 're in now .
What goes in favour of the film is the authenticity with which Affleck captures events - notably the raid on the US Embassy that opens the film .
A thrilling yarn that 's truly stranger than fiction . Another winner for director Affleck .
The movie I like the most with the most reservations this year .
Argo is a valentine to the cinema in the very convincing drag of a political thriller .
The film makes a beautiful job of juggling laughs and real drama .
Argo is just so-so .
Three films into his directing career , and Ben Affleck shows no sign of getting less good or slacking off with those serious mainstream movie ambitions .
Kudos to Ben Affleck , actor and director , for delivering a vital and thrilling political actioner .
Ben Affleck ably ups his game as a filmmaker and it only sometimes feels like he overreached by leaving his Boston comfort zone .
Argo showcases the continuing evolution of a filmmaker who is quickly establishing himself as one of the preeminent directors of his generation .
An entertaining , if shamelessly embellished account of one of the CIA 's strangest operations .
White-knuckle tense and less self-congratulatory than it sounds , Ben Affleck 's unexpectedly comedic third feature has the vital elements to delight adult auds .
Argo combines an incredible true story with crafty thriller conventions to produce a crowd-pleasing drama that should go down easy with Oscar voters
The movie-within-the-movie is fake , but the resulting picture is the real deal
Sharply observed and laced with poignant humor , Ben Affleck 's gripping political thriller is his most fully realized film to date , and his first chance to get the attention of Oscar voters .
Argo is a crackerjack political thriller told with intelligence , great period detail and a surprising amount of nutty humor for a serious look at the Iran hostage crisis of 1979-81 .
An intelligent , expertly-made thriller with glimmers of the extraordinary .

@highlight

Tense , exciting , and often darkly comic , Argo recreates a historical event with vivid attention to detail and finely wrought characters .