Three days after President Nixon brought a halt to military operations in Vietnam , another offensive maneuver was just beginning in Minneapolis .
This keen look at the most successful independent film ever made describes how the film 's distribution and profits were taken over by the mob , and how its director and actors were affected be the social and political powers that sought to use it as a tool
A polemic on America , and its incapability to be accepting of sexuality by demonizing and stigmatizing the act ...
Move over , Alfred Kinsey . Apparently the unusually avid sex researcher 's knack for shaking up the gatekeepers of traditional moral values , may have been a mere dress rehearsal for Deep Throat a few decades later .
As an exercise in nostalgia ... Inside Deep Throat is amusing
Funny and saddening .
A sharp documentary that has comedy , tragedy and , yes , a glimpse of Linda Lovelace 's party trick .
Well-crafted and , in places , highly informative , but with the exception of some of the original film 's hardcore sex scenes and the aforementioned Mob angle , there 's little we have n't been exposed to before -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- .
Financed by the mafia , always there when you need them most .
At once amusingly entertaining and yet searingly revealing , Inside Deep Throat is documentary gold
Bailey and Barbato can only scratch the Boogie Nights-influenced surface , but they cover the ABCs of pornography with undeniable zip .
Clunky and forgettable as a documentary , Inside Deep Throat succeeds entirely thanks to its subject matter
An engrossing journey into a bizarre moment in American culture .
... with its 1970s-style groovy graphics and tittering adolescent 's view of sexuality , -LSB- it -RSB- has a willfully disreputable tone , but it provides surprising insight .
-LSB- A -RSB- valuable document of a cultural shift .
An interesting , but rarely moving , film .
An entertaining moustaches-and-all documentary that tells an engaging story and draws some thought-provoking parallels .
Interviews with the surviving players , including porn stud Harry Reams ... make for entertaining viewing .
Deep Throat was of its era and important to it -- but the film did not , as this documentary would have you believe , create that more permissive era .
Any one of the filmmaker 's focuses could easily have filled out a feature ; by trying to cram them all in , they ensure that a thorough examination of any is impossible .
Fascinating social criticism and a witty and relevant take on American sexual history .
Bailey and Barbato are , as always , master showmen , fixing their story in time with a rhinestone-flashing flair that 's both vividly remembered and relentlessly motive .
It makes a convincing case that the flick that made Linda Lovelace a household name was a major cultural event .
The documentary works best when exploring how Deep Throat came to be and what led it to become a financial success and cultural lightning rod .
What makes Inside Deep Throat not so easy to swallow is the way it forces us to take a good hard look at our own voyeuristic reflexes or snap moral judgments .
... a fascinating visit to a period of recent history that now seems unutterably remote .
Inside Deep Throat works best as a capsule of an era , using response to the porn classic as a model for national reaction to sexual liberation .
Bailey and Barbato assemble their material with a sharp eye for detail and bracingly hilarious wit .
The absorption of Deep Throat into the political melodrama that was Watergate seems to have led to some grandiose statements in Messrs. Bailey and Barbato 's documentary .
If I did n't know better , I 'd almost think it was made to serve as a high-gloss but insubstantial extra for a DVD release of the hardcore blockbuster that inspired it .
Hardly a revelation .
Its aim is to entertain and to recount a chapter in pop-culture history . It does this reasonably well , though its winking , tongue-in-cheek attitude wears thin after a while .
Unfortunately , just when the film really starts to explore an idea , it moves on to the next one . And the bit about how the adult-film industry has changed since the 1970s was done more effectively in the fictional Boogie Nights .
Hugely entertaining , but as its smarmy male-centric title implies , ` Inside Deep Throat ' swallows whole the idea that the film was some kind of milestone of free expression .
It just does n't go deep enough .
-LSB- A -RSB- wildly , relentlessly entertaining documentary .
Bailey and Barbato are n't as interested in the picture itself as they are in the people who made it , a collection of hustlers , crackpots , cranks and stooges colorful enough to inspire Elmore Leonard .
Inside Deep Throat is pleasurable but may leave you feeling unfulfilled .
A class act about a crass act . But how come porn persecutors keep turning out to be the biggest criminals in America ?
Almost everything you 've ever wanted to know about its subject , even if you were afraid to ask .
It 's weird at first , listening to all these grandfatherly gentlemen talk about the good ole days of porn , but it just adds a surreal element that makes it all the funnier .
A documentary which , though hardly perfect , is a lot better than the movie it 's about .
It 's a treasure trove of kicky archival footage -- and a pointed look back at the opening salvo in a culture war that still rages today .
A better film than its subject .
Above all , the film is a lively , music-filled social history .
A little Lovelace and a lot of 85 year olds talking about it . It ai n't pretty .
a showy , entertaining , and informative documentary
What makes this documentary infinitely entertaining is the opportunity it affords to get reacquainted in '04 with guys who were at the top of their game back in ' 72 .
The disconcerting examples of Damiano , Reems , and Lovelace-each , in his or her way , regretful-are the hardest pills to , um , swallow .
Deep Throat bore an X certificate . Inside Deep Throat is an NC-17 . Neither is suitable for grownups .
One thing `` Inside Deep Throat '' proves is that Americans can get nostalgic over just about anything .
Although the film starts out with a clear thesis , by the time its 90 minute running length has expired , it is grasping at themes and topics that are beyond the limited scope of what a superficial documentary can achieve .
Provides a lot of background information and period color , while arguing for the film 's place as the breakthrough sex movie of all time .
Historically interesting , surprisingly humorous , and at times , sad .
A bubbly but superficial documentary that tells you what you already know -- there was a sexual revolution in the '70s , and its influence on society was both liberating and corrupting .
A deliriously entertaining field report from a historical moment when porn darned near became mainstream .
It 's funny , unnerving and sad .
Might be more entertaining than instructive , but it manages to return us to a time when the world seemed crazy in a different sort of way .
The movie will set off a slew of new questions .
A fascinating look back both at a time when sex was n't discussed in polite circles , and at Deep Throat itself .
Offers a diverting tale of erstwhile indie filmmaking and the power of porn to generate change -- both at the box office and in the bedroom .
A good movie about what appears to be a very bad one .
A history lesson that challenges many preconceptions .
Bailey and Barbato are n't interested in classic documentary filmmaking . They 're trendy dabblers in waste management , picking through the pop-culture trash to see what they can recycle for kitsch value .
fascinating and funny film
A revealing and intelligent commentary on America 's obsession with sexual morality .
While brisk , informative , and entertaining , feels frustratingly sketchy .
... if you are an adventurous filmgoer and can stand the challenge of the controversy , you 'll get an eye opener .
It 's a good blueprint for people who do n't know about the movie and what a huge impact it had . It does n't do much more than that .
Amounts to little more than the making-of-featurette to a bad porno .
To me , at least , Inside Deep Throat felt drearily long -LRB- it 's only about 90 minutes -RRB- , and anyone who survived the anti-porn crusades of the '80s or the ` sex positive ' porn of the '90s will find the arguments on all sides depressingly familiar .
This feeble documentary ends up perpetuating the very hypocrisy it means to probe .
Bailey and Barbetto have mined this all-American circus for all its mindbending absurdity and legitimized it with a who 's who of cultural critics .
The free-speech agenda is so entrenched that the concept of pornography exploiting women seems to catch the directors flat-footed .
The contemporary interviews , for the most part , are notable for their wit , but it 's the historical record that makes Inside Deep Throat so fascinating .
An accomplished , if often slow piece of work and a serious examination of American culture and censorship .
Dr. Ruth notes the glaring problem at the film 's center , noting , `` Sex is not only for penises . ''
This trip down memory lane seems to have no agenda and treats principals on both sides of the conflict with respect .
No matter how far you think it will go , it keeps probing deeper , until it turns your perceptions inside out .
The movie is pornographic . The documentary about the movie is pornographic . Is the review of the documentary pornographic ?
The documentary has no great overriding argument it wants to make -- neither about the politicians-turned-censors who thought the world was coming to an end nor about those who saw Deep Throat as the apotheosis of American liberty .
The movie uses new and old interviews and newsreel footage to remember a time when porn was brand-new .
If you have n't seen the iconic Deep Throat , it hardly seems necessary after seeing the documentary .
A thorough but highly entertaining documentary .
What 's lacking here is a clear point of view .
Makes a diverting case for Deep Throat as more than just a shadowy cinematic footnote .
Fenton and Barbato also place Deep Throat firmly in the context of a turbulent time , when making a sex movie was an act of rebellion -LRB- however Quixotic -RRB- , rather than a mercenary grab for the goodies .
Balanced enough to serve as a cautionary tale that cuts in several directions at once .
Eager to tell one story , Inside Deep Throat neglects the more compelling story within it .
A funny and largely fascinating take on one of the film industry 's milestone productions .
Colorfully entertaining , sexually explicit and occasionally insightful .
Still capable of generating controversy .
Inside Deep Throat may boogie across this scorched terrain to an assortment of period pop songs , but it never lets you forget that that there were a lot of people who got burned .
The film leaves no doubt that the movie was an important cultural lynchpin in the '70s , but its import beyond those crazy , heady days may have been swept away by the home video revolution .
An entertaining and moderately informative documentary by Fenton Bailey and Randy Barbato .
Informative and wickedly entertaining . If you 're into `` hot button '' freedom-of-expression issues , this is a must see !
Smart , high-minded documentary about stupid , low-minded filmmaking has delusions of gravity , but still satisfies .
Bailey and Barbato draw a convincing line between the social and political atmosphere of the film and the culture wars of today . The issues are still very much alive .
Things get fresher , funnier and , inevitably , more poignant when we meet the people involved in the making of the movie .
Plays like a giddy prance through the minefield of the last three decades of American sex and politics .
If their new film never quite makes the case that one dirty movie set off the culture war that rages across America today , it is a highly entertaining and informative look back .
This lively , if maddeningly reductive documentary examines the influence of the low-budget 1972 film Deep Throat .
It 's a fascinating story but not so fascinatingly told .
It 's extremely entertaining .
The doc is longer on historical interest than original insights or analysis .
A fast and loose documentary that grabs you in the moment but leaves a distinct emptiness the morning after .
Funny and fascinating , Inside Deep Throat illuminates the dusty and dark corners where major aspects of American culture converged .
Exquisitely crafted , fast moving indictment of American prudery and prurience .
Nimble , engrossing , and journalistically eye-opening .
moves like a bullet , running through its subjects with punch-drunk glee and stitching it all together with a pounding K-Tel Super Hits of the Seventies soundtrack
Beneath these cartoon floats marches a parade of greedy goodfellas , scheming exhibitors , idiot politicians , swanning celebs , and frothing religious fundamentalists .
The filmmakers ' attempts to link Deep Throat 's lasting impact to every sexually charged facet of contemporary American life reaches too far .
a piquant and incisive sociological treatise on the societal attitudes towards sex and sexuality and how those attitudes have n't changed much even with the sexual revolution
A grown-up and eminently entertaining reflection of where we were in 1972 - and how one little porno flick caused such an astonishing uproar .
Besides fresh and funny insights from the likes of Norman Mailer and John Waters , it shows how little censorship politics have changed from Nixon to Bush .
Tracking down everyone possible involved in making the film , a raft of intellectual commentators and key participants in the lengthy legal battles , the filmmakers successfully place Deep Throat in the context of its time .
The salient point here is that Deep Throat can be seen as one of the first battles of the culture wars that still divide this nation .
Bailey and Barbato have made an entertaining and significant , if flawed documentary . However , for anyone who has lived through the 70s , Inside Deep Throat is a must-see




@highlight

A documentary on the film that brought smut mainstream , Inside Deep Throat is gaining praise as an entertaining look at a pop culture milestone . However , some critics say the film could have gone a little deeper into the people involved .