As ever with Ritchie , RocknRolla is more flash than substance , but beneath the swagger his movie scratches away at British anxieties .
So this is Guy Ritchie 's big comeback ? Huh .
It 's all about the set-up and not the actual payoff .
RocknRolla is a return to form , of sorts , for Mr. Ritchie . ... The British director has returned to familiar territory , that of the small-time hood .
An over-long mish-mash of scarcely linked sub-plots ...
` RocknRolla ' takes more left turns than imaginable . It might make sense in the mind of Guy Ritchie , but to the rest of the universe , I can not imagine the film will translate .
A self conscious re-working of Guy Ritchie 's now familiar style and storyworld .
It 's long , confusing but is definitely saved with great performances and a tight episodic script ...
Breaks no new ground for movies or for Ritchie , but it is an amusing diversion and therefore a return to form . -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB-
Some movies go off on tangents . This movie is nothing but tangents .
In spite of the film being derivative , RocknRolla is still a lot of fun . At least , what you can understand of it .
Ksanazestameno , alla akomi nostimo , to piato poy soy serbirei einai mia super sized ekdohi tis syntagis toy , me tin idia thermidiki aksia , alla horis tin geystiki apogeiosi tis neas anakalypsis
Ritchie still has the knack for street-tough dialogue , and there 's plenty of laughs amid the gunplay .
A patchwork of set pieces , held together by a hip soundtrack .
As a gangster named One Two , Gerard Butler is suitably rough around all his edges .
This is a wonderful movie .
Guns , gangsters , and Richie 's unique style and tone make his latest picture just plain fun .
A complex , violent and fun look at the London underworld , `` RocknRolla '' is for grownups who like gritty action and complex tales .
... the same tatty old tricks jumbled around to make them look fresh .
Allowing for its air of laddish self-congratulation and its sad whiff of homophobia , Ritchie 's film is arguably his most entertaining to date .
RocknRolla feels as if Ritchie is imitating his favourite director here , and that director is Guy Ritchie .
For a while you go along for the ride . But as the film progresses it becomes increasingly unwieldy .
A very slick , sophisticated plot with some well-written characters .
A richly entertaining work that overflows with stylish set pieces -LRB- including what is easily the funniest and most economical sex scene ever committed to film -RRB- .
A little too long , way too many characters and a pretty good ending sums up Ritchie 's latest bombastic ode to the ugly side of London .
It does contain exactly two memorable scenes ... but the rest of RocknRolla is one identical scene after another where one guy tries to out badass the other guy .
Welcome back , Mr. Ritchie . I missed your work when you were , you know , Swept Away into an uncomfortable filmmaking zone .
The dialogue is crisp and the performances pop with energy .
`` RocknRolla '' is fun , ridden with dark humor mixed with violence -LSB- but -RSB- its near two-hour run time should have been more like 90 minutes .
RocknRolla is pure Guy Ritchie . All style and not even a pretense of substance .
You do n't just watch a Guy Ritchie movie . They are to be experienced . Some circles consider his films more of an assault on the senses than exploration of plot .
It 's a nice diversion and if you 're not one of those people whoholds grudges about other people 's unfulfilled potential -LRB- `` Why is Guy Ritchie wasting his time - and ours - by making the same movie again and again ? '' -RRB- , you might find yourself entertained .
Ritchie , who shoots and cuts everything in RocknRolla like an ad for a particularly greasy brand of fragrance for men , delivers the beatings and killings in his trademark atmosphere of morally weightless flash .
Style is what RocknRolla is all about . And it has it in spades , from the cockney Pulp Fiction dialogue to the music-video editing of the rambling narrative .
If RocknRolla is to be trusted , the director is relying less on his old bag of tricks and more on his expanding abilities as a storyteller -- not just a story stylist .
RocknRolla never feels like it 's building to anything , and when we get to the end , we discover it was n't , in fact , building to anything .
RocknRolla is a recovery from the knockout blows of his past two films but Ritchie is certainly retreading familiar thematic territory .
It 's wincingly dated , playing like a Cockney remake of Pulp Fiction , with no new ideas and so cartoonish in style that it 's difficult to emotionally connect with anything that 's going on .
As in other Ritchie films , RocknRolla attempts to depict a world of ever-expanding chaos . But the chaos is only in the way the story is told . The actual vision Ritchie offers is pedestrian and tame .
This exuberant exercise in pretzel-plotted crime capers is a ridiculously entertaining piece of nonsense , devoid of all the attempts at psychological complexity and philosophical navel-gazing that bogged down Revolver .
Flashy but assured , the film is a controlled exercise in style that toes the line but never feels over-the-top . In a word , RocknRolla rocks .
A handsome ensemble of blokes and one high-heeled accountant who propel this slam-bang romp about the collision of criminal styles in the age of globalization and real estate speculation .
For all its hipster posturing , fast cutting , and camera tricks , this tale of chicanery is peculiarly arid and brittle , without a single character worth caring about .
Ritchie the director may have returned to form , but Ritchie the writer is still an amorphous mess .
This is the first of his cartoons to work better as a movie than as a fashion spread .
Ritchie has brought back that amazingly gritty , yet extremely funny British crime flick that everyone deserves and loves .
Better just to sit back and enjoy RocknRolla for what it is : a fast-paced amoral joyride that 's more interested in the absurdities of violent criminality than the complications of real life .
The words are catchy and the beat keeps you awake , though all of it quickly fades .
For his fifth feature film , Guy Ritchie happily ignores his previous two misfires and goes back to what he does best , making dime-store , knockoff pulp thrillers .
It seems that ` two smoking barrels ' was more than enough . Three is pushing it . Or , as the newly-separated spouse Madonna may have said , ` Enough already . '
There 's lots of sizzle ... but in the end very little to chew on .
Decidedly darker than previous Ritchie offerings , Rocknrolla struts and preens like a chuffed chart-topper with a debilitating drug habit should .
The ensemble cast of his latest is so massive , they ca n't all be done justice and by the time the story 's come to a close it 's a bit of an untidy mess , even if all the pieces , technically , have been accounted for .
Parental Content Review
Ritchie 's characters are glamorous underworld fantasies , but he 's incapable of making them resonate ; to stand for something .
The film has the sprawl of a hardboiled novel , but without the richness of character that the best of that genre has to offer .
Promoted as a story of ` sex , thugs and rock 'n' roll , ' this highly stylised mobster movie could n't even be remotely confused with the real thing .
It is perhaps high time for us to just come out and finally admit to the world that director Guy Ritchie is not a very good filmmaker .
Part of the problem is that the plot is just too cluttered . There are far too many characters and sub-plots jostling for attention .
Guy Ritchie returns to form and whether a homophobe or not -LRB- as his soon to be ex-brother-in-law claims -RRB- , this is the movie of a man who certainly appreciates the male form .
It does n't offer viewers anything more than the sight of a talented director treading water with a story he seems to have little interest in telling .
... it is kind fun , in a junk-food crime fantasy sort of way .
It 's a sad experience to watch RocknRolla , the obituary for the Guy Ritchie brand of English gangster flicks .
It seems that we 've already seen all Ritchie has to offer .
Those with stronger sensibilities might enjoy themselves .
There are some moments of humor and action , but few of the players are on screen long enough to establish a genuine character . This movie is like a kid with attention deficit disorder .
RocknRolla reminds us of how cool Ritchie was before Madonna doused his fire . Pity he makes us wait so long .
RocknRolla is n't as jammed with visual pyrotechnics as Ritchie 's Lock , Stock and Smoking Barrel -LRB- 1998 -RRB- , but that 's OK , because with anything more happening , the movie could induce motion sickness .
RocknRolla , though not the most original movie ever made , is a blast , an adrenaline rush of punked-out rock-and-roll-fueled action and crime .
Narrated like a darkly frenetic graphic comic , this is a very , very British film - meaning many mobsters spurt undeceipherable Cockney and the often idiotic street thugs indulge in brutal , even surreal villainy .
Ritchie is just going through the gangster motions , and almost all the entertainment value has vanished .
Ritchie is back on comfortable , familiar footing here with this story of British gangsters who are so busy trying to screw each other over , they do n't realize that they 're in over their heads .
Muscular girth . Mark Strong emerges as a sexy star .
I 'd call it all a parody of cinematic male aggression , except I think it 's a parody of a parody of cinematic male aggression ...
A messy , often self-indulgent film with some redeeming features -LRB- including some of its humour -RRB- , Guy Ritchie 's crime thriller has above average intelligence , a great cast but a below par story structure .
... convoluted , but fast paced and high tempo ... I just sat back and enjoyed the banter and quirky filmmaking at which Ritchie excels .
It 's a step back to basics and an assured return to form for Ritchie , leaving the viewer marvelling afresh about how a director this confident could have produced Swept Away and Revolver .
If you 're a fan of the early Ritchie comedy-crime thrillers , then this is not only right up your alley , it 's a long lost relative returning home .
Stylish , edgy British crime caper for grown-ups .
If RocknRolla clings to the company of ne'er - do-wells , it 's not because they bristle with the frustrations of society , but purely because Ritchie wants to borrow their cheeky charm -- a virtue that , in reality , none of them possess .
Ritchie 's main interest is trying to reignite his stalled career by cribbing shamelessly from Tarantino , Danny Boyle and many other far more talented filmmakers .
The denizens of Guy Ritchie 's now-familiar London underworld milieu seem second-string here , even though the writer/director has recruited some new faces .
Even the rock music just seems immature . It 's clearly a crutch , because none of these scenes would be cool without a pounding score ... This is all the kind of abrasive rock that kids like to annoy their parents .
Guy Ritchie 's latest is an exercise in substance-less style .
Sometimes it amounts to a laugh or two .
Great title for a gangster flick . Too bad that writer-director Guy Ritchie only partially realizes the sizzling potential .
The actual plot is so uselessly convoluted you 'd get a headache just reading it -- but you might want to pull out the Advil anyway , given Ritchie 's reliance on flashy editing , a blasting soundtrack and fetishized gunplay .
Ritchie whisks you along on a whirlwind tour , but he 's not averse to putting on the brakes long enough to admire some of his favorite attractions .
Welcome back , Guy . Give our regards to the Missus .
-LSB- Ritchie 's -RSB- latest effort has the sprawling cast of characters and all the convolutions you 'd expect , but none of the wit or joy necessary to distract from its shallowness .
If , as his critics contend , Ritchie is just making the same movie over and over again , at least he 's getting better at it .
It 's a wild ride all the way .
Ritchie 's latest homoerotic guy bonding homicidal spree , might be termed a London mafia musical fueled by global capitalism 's shaky economic indicators , going toe to toe with the underground urban economy 's crimelords in cutthroat competition . Literally .
RocknRolla is a well-acted and attitudinal action movie , a return to Ritchie 's trademark ` Mockney ' style , which takes amusing and twisted turns .
Perhaps Ritchie has improved over the past 10 years -- or perhaps any movie would look good after the execrable Swept Away and Revolver -- because Ritchie 's latest gangland comedy RocknRolla is far and away his best work .
It 's like a lumpy , overworked , useless ` objet ' that someone who does n't know you very well might give you as a gift , a thing that sits around the house serving no unearthly purpose other than reminding you , none too subtly , that it 's completely hollow .
RocknRolla is an invigorating , grimly hilarious return to old Ritchie sensibilities , the director mounting a slingshot crime saga with more gravitas and hangdog heroics than previously seen .
RocknRolla marks a pulpy return to form for Ritchie .
You 'd think that being married to Madonna , Guy Ritchie would have picked up on the value of occasionally reinventing oneself .
If nothing else , it 's two hours of fun , unadulterated entertainment like the kind only Guy Ritchie can deliver ... requires a small amount of patience before its second half pay-off .
The good news about RockNRolla is that it more or less erases the tainted memories of Swept Away , and the nearly incoherent Revolver , and marks Ritchie 's return to the form of the 1998 Lock , Stock and its 2000 follow-up Snatch .
RocknRolla often feels more like a parody of a Guy Ritchie film than a real movie .
RocknRolla 's a shocker -- a Guy Ritchie film full of wit and feeling .
The hard-man hijinks are straight from the `` mockney '' gangster playbook -LRB- which , to be fair , Ritchie pretty much wrote -RRB- and the whole shebang is faux from start to finish , a middle-class fantasy of thug life . But RocknRolla is so relentlessly kinetic
Ritchie concocts a crime-jungle demimonde that 's organically linked to the real world , and it 's a damn fun one to visit .
Ritchie has once again made a movie with far too many characters in it , and way too little of much interest for them to do -LRB- or , Lord knows , say -RRB- .
A sharp comedy as well as a punk-pulp spree .
What do you have to do to get your career revoked in England , short of being Gary Glitter ?
The violence is idiotic and brutal -LRB- the story is just idiotic -RRB- , but it 's also so noncommittal that it does n't offend . Like the filmmaking itself , the violence has no passion , no oomph , no sense of real or even feigned purpose .
If it 's adrenaline , over-the-top violence and cheeky gangsters you 're after , RocknRolla definitely delivers . But do n't be shocked if you find yourself wanting some aspirins and a cold compress once it 's all over ...
Alas , Guy Ritchie seems to have lost even what little touch he once had , his latest a typically convoluted saga about strangely named big - and little-time crooks that 's fatally deficient in verve .
Guy Ritchie returns with a vengeance in a terrifically funny and convoluted crime tale .
Guy Ritchie 's most jolting , confusing , stimulating and flat-out entertaining picture since Snatch
For all of its cool '60s garage rock and Clash song soundtrack , writer/director Guy Ritchie 's latest ode to John Mackenzie `` The Long Good Friday '' -LRB- 1979 -RRB- is a discombobulated and sluggish succession of action set pieces with vaguely interesting characters .
... the film is often very entertaining and consistently engaging ...
Guy Ritchie is back from the dead .
While Ritchie stumbled with his last two flicks , RocknRolla has the kind of manic energy that made audiences fall for the rogues of his earlier films .
RocknRolla did not leave me wanting more -LRB- the last shot promises a sequel is on its way -RRB- . Still , its confidence is impressive . London 's property bubble may have burst but Ritchie 's career is definitely on the rise .
But his gift for wicked smash/grab visuals and larky , on-der-money one-liners just about compensates for all his gratingly puerile posing .
His fortitude under critical flak is admirable , and his self-confidence unbelievable , but RocknRolla is the same old shaggy-dog story with a slightly different variety fleas .
All posturing and artifice -- not cool or funny , though sometimes scary in its nihilism and flippancy .
Guy Ritchie 's latest is not as bad as his critics , professional and amateur , hoped .
These infrequent moments of genius only confirm what The Sneak has believed for a while - that Guy should stop writing scripts and start directing other people 's movies .
RocknRolla is two hours of more of the same , accompanied by the usual soundtrack of mockney accents and gunfire . Listen closely and you may also hear the sound of time being called .
This is Guy Ritchie 's third turkey in a row , after Swept Away and Revolver . It is a pitiful attempt to recapture the success of his first two movies , Lock Stock And Two Smoking Barrels and Snatch .
Forget the tabloids - this cocksure caper shows Ritchie is much more than Mr Madonna , while Butler and Kebbell have talent to burn . Punchy , funny , criminal entertainment .
Rocknrolla may not be the real thing ... but it 's the closest Ritchie 's been in an age .
He 's hardly re-inventing the wheel with this movie , but RocknRolla is nonetheless a comedy thriller that is every bit as accomplished as his early work , and without doubt an witty , adrenalin-fuelled blast from start to finish .
You can say this much for Guy Ritchie 's RocknRolla : it is n't as bad as his last two films .
I mean , Mr Ritchie : this genra : it 's ova . I mean , doing yet anotha stinka of a drama about the mee-lee-a of the ersatz London gangsta ? You 're taking the piss - intcha ?
Ritchie has crammed RocknRolla with innumerable homoerotic lads ' - mag jokes . He has probably calculated that if the film fails on the high street , he could feasibly relaunch it as late-night gay cabaret .
Wading through this stuff is akin to peeping through one 's fingers at a retired , punch-drunk boxer climbing into the ring , or a recidivist junkie ripping out their naltrexone implants .
Ritchie 's film is arguably his most entertaining to date . With its cheeky wit , non-PC provocations , cock-eyed class-consciousness and cheerful irreverence it could be the closest thing to Ealing comedy we 're offered these days .
Guy Ritchie bounces back to top form with RocknRolla , a cleverly constructed , sensationally stylish and often darkly hilarious seriocomic caper .
The style and energy , plus the terrifically memorable characters , make it mindlessly good fun .
RocknRolla is a return to form for Ritchie and an enjoyable , well made crime caper that should delight fans of Lock , Stock and Snatch .
Guy Ritchie 's black farce comes with the usual swagger and crazy voltage . The years have now given him coherence , and made him a lot smarter . His IQ has gone up .










@highlight

Mixed reviews for Guy Ritchie 's return to his London-based cockney wideboy gangster movie roots , but most agree , it 's a step in the right direction following two major turkeys .