Like the very best documentaries about political movements , How to Survive a Plague makes you feel humble and , at the same time , extraordinarily proud .
Moving docu follows AIDS scourge and history of gay activism
There are personal glimpses into the home lives of activists that left many in my theater wiping their tears on their coat sleeve .
It all adds up to not just a document of the time but a blueprint for today 's activists .
A compellingly watchable portrait of a battle fought under that most memorable rallying cry : `` Silence = Death '' . Bravo .
I do n't doubt that anyone who has had a brush with AIDS , lost a friend or even a hero like Queen 's Freddie Mercury , will find what is already a socially curious , medically fascinating and politically charged film an unmissably emotional experience .
This inspirational , unexpectedly hilarious film is a patchwork of archival footage that takes us up to the present day .
Nominated for the Oscar , this documentary is one of the most involving and moving films you 'll see all year . At its core this is a movie about how a decent society should behave , even to the point of helping people who hurt themselves .
This documentary by David France persuasively argues that one of the greatest grassroots activist campaigns of modern times was the Act Up movement ...
David France 's documentary about the 1980s/90s American gay community and its leading role in discovering `` combination therapy '' - the anti-HIV magic bullet - will be inspiring among audiences from the G20 .
Well-made and featuring an astonishing amount of on-the-scene archive footage , this is a powerfully emotional and hugely inspirational documentary that demands to be seen .
This raw and passionate AIDS treatment doc suffers from a simple lack of focus .
It 's no whitewash : important activists from the era admit how much time was lost through internecine squabbling , as well as the struggles they faced against the pitiless anti-gay rhetoric of their political opponents .
It ca n't be long before we see the Hollywood version .
A moving treatment of a deeply personal subject -LRB- France 's own partner died of an AIDS-related illness in 1992 -RRB- , and an enthralling depiction of a seriously fired-up popular movement .
An important , moving doc about how LGBT activism taught a community to shun silence .
David France has made an absorbing film to document that moment of immense implosion , called How to Survive a Plague .
An indispensable and moving piece of filmmaking .
-LSB- A -RSB- glorious ode to the supposition that a small group of committed people can change the world ...
As this stirring , scrupulous doc reveals , the members of ACT UP fused the fervor of revolutionaries , the tenacity of trial lawyers , and the rage of the dispossessed to change the very shape of the epidemic .
Plague offers an instructive lesson for Occupy-era rabble-rousers : Only when coupled with a knowledge base will your sound and fury signify anything .
From a terrible epidemic comes a beautiful documentary .
The film is a tribute to political activism and the power of people to change the world .
One of the most powerful , fascinating and saddest documentaries of the last several years .
What making a difference is really all about !
A cinematically sophisticated documentary that actually finds a way to be an intelligent and admirable work of art in addition to its more overt sociological implications .
A brilliant blueprint on how to spark a revolution . The activists who were highlighted in this film are American heroes to us all - gay , straight , black , white , male or female .
Compelling , important and inspiring documentary about the fight against AIDS .
Beautifully inspiring and , obviously , also a great cautionary tale .
A raw history , often cluttered and sometimes repetitive but , when strategies fail along with immune systems , deeply affecting .
Presents a valuable template for how grassroots activism can temper societal prejudice and challenge governmental indifference in the face of a mysterious and remorseless killer .
A riveting look at LGBT protesters during the AIDS crisis - and an object lesson that if the revolution is going to be televised , it 's good to have the revolutionaries holding the cameras .
This is a moving documentary , as hopeful as it is tragic .
A serious , moving and sometimes astonishingly well-organized documentary about the history of AIDS activism .
-LSB- A -RSB- powerful , messy and tremendously moving documentary ...
The title does n't necessarily convey this , but `` How to Survive a Plague '' is an inspiring and hopeful documentary .
`` How to Survive a Plague '' captures a saddening , maddening era that seems like far too many lifetimes ago .
It can feel inchoate , dropping the viewer in the middle of events without much context , and it exacts an emotional toll . But its raw quality also makes it compelling viewing .
-LSB- An -RSB- unflinching look at the activists ' mistakes and acheivements , their regrets , their very solemn pride at a victory attained at so high a cost .
Plague is n't the history of a disease so much as the history of a movement , and a portrait of those who refused to suffer passively .
Ultimately , the story presented by the former reporter for Boston 's defunct Gay Community News is one of hope .
Moving and essential .
At once a fascinating history and a compelling call to action .
France and his crew have sculpted years of old broadcast-news stories and home videos into a narrative that is impressionistic in its scope but coherent in its feeling .
This amazingly well-done , admirably dry-eyed documentary about a true human victory over what was once a universal death sentence might well be the year 's finest .
One of the most important documentaries in years or decades ...
... compelling as a recent historical document , but also has contemporary resonance in its depiction of the influence of activism on social causes .
Mostly the film toggles between two emotions - the high of watching brave people go to war , and the low of seeing so many of them fall , as entire communities are destroyed .
France , drawing on a wealth of video footage from inside the organization , turns that decade of rage , despair , and tenacity into an inspiring tale of effective political action .
The film puts us right in the moment of the height of the crisis better than any documentary ever has .
A powerful reminder of the ability of committed men and women to agitate , organize and create real change in the world .
Filmmaker David France ... methodically reconstructs the critical period in the fight against AIDS from 1987 to 1995 . -LRB- It -RRB- emerges as the better documentary -LRB- than this year 's `` United in Anger '' -RRB- if only due to its slightly more comprehensive perspective .
A heart-wrenching portrait of one of the saddest , most heroic chapters in American history .
When it 's over , this documentary lingers as a testament to extraordinary human bravery . It stands as one of the most heartbreaking and suspenseful sagas of the year .
If the movie expresses equal measures of sadness and outrage , it is charged with the exhilarating excitement felt by soldiers on the front lines of battle .
An exceptional portrait of a community in crisis and the focused fury of its response .
How to Survive a Plague is thorough almost to a fault .
Tune in to the passionate voices in David France 's brilliant documentary ...
Should be invaluable to every frustrated movement , as both a road map and a reminder of how vital personal activism remains .
We grow familiar with the names and faces of many of the leaders in the movement . Some look directly into the camera and say they expect to die of the disease . Some are correct .
How To Survive A Plague conveys the urgency of activists who were fighting for their lives .
Both gripping and wrenching - not to mention thrilling ... recalls a slice of recent history that is in danger of being lost .
Dispensing with voiceover narration , How to Survive a Plague is instead a compilation of first-person remembrances , a time-toggling polyphony emphasizing both individual struggles against illness and collective action-the we of me .
A nightmarish clash comes to life in this devastating montage of inflamed voices , their rage infusing the very grain of '80s videography .
This astonishing assemblage of archive material from the ground zero of the AIDS crisis is more than a history lesson - it is a rousing , essential study of human survival .
`` How to Survive a Plague '' thoroughly examines the history of the AIDS crisis and the dedicated members of an activist group -LRB- Act-Up -RRB- capable of adapting to the lessons it learned along the way .
An exquisite collection of archival films graphically portraying the passions pf demonstrators that resulted in the release of drugs to counteract AIDS .
Must-see : Timely , relevant , and informative , this AIDS docu about ACT UP is satisfying on any number of levels , thematically , politically , and emotionally .
A documentary on the impact of a passionate group of dedicated and creative individuals in raising awareness of the AIDS epidemic .
How to Survive a Plague presents a cast of characters who must continue fighting , for what 's at stake is the very real , very imminent threat of their own deaths .
Probably the most moving doc of the year , both devastating and uplifting at the same time , and I ca n't recommend it enough .
A major addition to the body of work chronicling the AIDS epidemic , this is a passionate account of the hard-won breakthrough in making HIV a manageable condition .
Hindsight allows David France 's stirring How to Survive a Plague a concise overview 's clarity and an epic narrative shape , with a happy ending to boot .

@highlight

Angry , powerful , and stirring , How to Survive a Plague is a brilliantly constructed documentary about the activists who pushed for action to combat the AIDS epidemic .