-LSB- The film 's -RSB- hastily concocted conclusion ... will leave audiences feeling ripped off , rendering pointless what had been an averagely enjoyable watch .
The new Blumhouse film takes itself too seriously ... -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
I dare you to tell me this is n't a ` Final Destination ' ripoff .
Not much can be said for its originality ... -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
You never once connect with the pleasant-looking leads .
The only way you should be seeing this movie is on a dare .
Although marginally better than Robert De Niro 's Hide and Seek , one hope 's we can snuff out this sub-genre before someone comes up with a spooky Spotlight or sinister Spin the Bottle .
Gleeful in a vapid soap opera-meets-gratuitous slasher flick way , favouring superficial thrills and gags over inventiveness , subversion or depth .
I wonder - is there a `` Stop hitting yourself '' demon out there ?
There are some sloppy rules and failed emotional beats , but if you 're a genre fan watching Truth or Dare for the clever concept and inventive kill scenes , there 's some fun to be had with this Blumhouse release .
It does n't speak well for a movie when its most redeeming quality is how it ends .
A predictably erratic PG-13 horror flick ...
There are so many deaths and so much violence that it should be a movie that at least provokes one or two moments of real tension ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
-LSB- Truth or Dare -RSB- swings between the predictable and the ridiculous .
The film is called Truth Or Dare and it 's the truths that are more interesting , bringing skeletons out of everyone 's closet and driving a dent in relationships . The dare part of it is pure horror kitsch and does n't affect you really .
Those brief bits of digitally inserted spookiness are the only glints of interest in a plot that otherwise makes more Mexican border crossings -LRB- it 's where the game starts -RRB- than an alarmist Trump speech .
Precious little craft or care is involved , and even less logic . Subtlety is clearly not director Jeff Wadlow 's strong suit .
A Blumhouse addition that 's so boring it may induce bouts of narcolepsy .
It 's a fun watch . As for the plot itself , yeah it 's going to be predictable as ever , but that 's part of the cheesy charm . You 'd be mad to take this movie seriously .
Truth or Dare stops being dumb fun somewhere around the halfway mark , and the filmmakers quickly run out of ways to prolong the action - until they run out of players .
Truth or Dare thought it was up for the challenge of a real game , but ended us losing shortly after it started playing .
The usual cliches , mustering unsettling noises but nothing actually frightening .
The film hits a lot of the genre standards but is in no way tongue-in - cheek and is not that scary , even by my lily-livered standards .
No one stands out in a film that ruffles remarkably few feathers .
The film 's not so much a horror show as a soap opera with a high mortality rate .
Everything about Truth or Dare is paint-by-numbers , and its existence makes one wonder which middle-school-sleepover-game will become the next PG-13 horror movie Perhaps `` spin the bottle '' ?
Delivers a clever ending answering the looming question , how to get out of the curse ?
A high-concept , gimmick horror film , and that 's okay . What is n't is just about everything else , from performances to execution to the filmmaking itself .
This tepid teen horror from Blumhouse Productions is a disappointing backwards stumble for the indie company , given its recent track record of cheap but effective genre thrills ...
The truth about Truth or Dare ? It 's not all that daring . Nor is it all that original . A very tired carbon copy of a very tired genre .
Horror fans trust Blumhouse , so why waste the brand on a flick as lame as Truth or Dare ?
It 's mostly pants , with a haunted church that must have cost about $ 5 to assemble and a stinky performance from Teen Wolf cutie Tyler Posey .
Everything here ... feels slotted into an existing template .
The truth is , it 's not very good - and entirely without scares . But we dare you to watch it without unleashing a few unintended laughs along the way .
Though the film provides none of the thrills expected , it is undeniably amusing - if only in an absurd , utterly mind-boggling way .
-LSB- A -RSB- n excruciatingly bland , scare-and-fun-free exercise that has difficulty conveying even the simplest ideas of its serviceable high concept .
Rote blandness ... A soapy melodrama meant to be creepy rather than outright ` scary . ' like Final Destination without the ingenuity , mixed with Riverdale without the sex .
It 's definitely not a horror movie for everyone , but to give you an idea of what to expect , Truth or Dare feels like a 2018 version of Wish Upon , which is completely my kind of jam -LRB- and I 'm totally cool with being in the minority here -RRB- .
Come to think of it , a more skillful production would have set aside the entire supernatural aspect of the film altogether . As any teenager who has played a real game of truth or dare can tell you , the experience does n't need any demons to terrorize .
Its antecedents are less from the Wes Craven school of putting sexy young folk in tremendous danger , and more from the Ryan Murphy kindergarten of appealing to mainstream audiences who do n't actually want to be frightened .
Truth or Dare makes the least of its parts , wasting a promising premise with clichéd horror tropes and an uninspired narrative .
Truth or Dare was an interesting premise with a ridiculous script . If it committed to its ridiculousness , it would 've worked ... it never found its footing .
Not every Blumhouse outing will be another Get Out , but Truth or Dare is the lowest common denominator of PG-13 teen horror .
If you 're looking for a disposable teen horror , Truth Or Dare could be the Friday night nonsense you 're looking for , but you can absolutely do better .
An extremely silly dead teen flick that 's as tedious as it is dumb ... those who go to see it are guaranteed two hours of bad luck .
The tameness of Truth or Dare illustrates how far mainstream horror has lost its disreputable edge .
Truth or Dare one supernatural game of horror nonsense I 'd honestly rather not have played .
Truth or Dare fails to elicit the scares but instead leaves all the pretty people overacting their way through a dumb horror premise .
Bloodless kills that are mostly laughable ? Check . Dumb characters doing dumb things ? Check . A truly scary movie ? Okay , maybe that is a tad too much to ask .
Foolish supernatural horror has lots of death , drinking .
Instead , director and co-writer Jeff Wadlow often filters the female-friendship material through romantic or sexual rivalries , and the movie is too busy with gossipy , salacious , and weirdly obvious twists to dig into its own psychology .
An execrable mess and a gobsmacking horror show in all the wrong ways .
The silly sounding premise gets a better execution than you might expect .
Today 's generic horror entries are superior to the cheap , poorly acted shockers from the '80s . Truth or Dare is a fine case in point .
Feels like one of those B or C-level offerings that you 'll quickly forget . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Profanity , Sex , etc. - also Available -RRB-
Truth or Dare feels like a poorly written episode of Pretty Little Liars , with only a slight increase in the effects budget .
Maybe the entire Blumhouse production team played truth or dare in the abandoned monastery and this movie was what they were forced to make by the curse laid upon them .
The Showgirls of post-Scream slasher movies : it 's not campy nor emotionally involving enough to be more than the sum of its ungainly parts .
It 's not swinging for the fences , in fact it is n't even holding a bat : It 's counting on getting plunked in order to get on base .
Truth : The latest outing from horror masters Blumhouse is devoid of style , scares and suspense . We dare you not to be bored to death .
`` Truth or Dare '' is a weak b-movie , that has been punched up by Blum 's producer credit and the popular cast . It 's certainly not a good film . And , hopefully , it is not a sign of things to come from the Blumhouse team .
A movie that can be forgotten in advance ...
What we mostly get is weak set-up and foreseeable deaths , though the film is not without some occasionally surprising plot turns .
Infinitely small , petty , cruel ; appallingly sociopathic even grading on the dumpster-fire-horror-flick curve . But forget the supernatural element : the human ` drama ' is the most ridiculous thing here .
Not funny enough to be a comedy , or chilling enough to deliver a proper scare .
As I was trudging out of this very silly movie , a friend dared me to give it five stars . Instead , I told the truth : that I was n't sure whether it even deserved two .
A low-budget kids-gruesomely-dying romp that is decidedly same-old .
`` Truth or Dare '' is foolish to the point of incoherence . Do n't get played .
Audiences would do well not to go in expecting anything on the same level as Get Out , because they will be sorely disappointed .
An incredibly silly and tedious exercise , restricted by the constraints of its PG-13 rating , an absence of imagination and a complete lack of personality .
Truth or Dare lacks the conviction to do anything remotely interesting with its premise , instead falling back on one tired horror cliche after the next .
The filmmakers ultimately fail to embrace the horror implications of truth-telling in a world where we all have reality-altering devices in our pockets .
The real problem when it comes to movies such as Blumhouse 's Truth Dare involves summoning new forms of creativity to show the ways in which victims are dispatched .
Real horror fans would be better off trying the magnificent A Quiet Place for a second time than giving this tired fare a first look .
Expect this film to be followed by `` Blumhouse 's Spin the Bottle '' and `` Blumhouse 's Boggle . ''
Truth or Dare again proves that , even with projects that are n't in prestige realm , Jason Blum 's production studio is the horror house to watch .
Imagine a banal soap opera that 's interspersed with occasional scenes of inconsistently thought-out horror , and you pretty much have Truth or Dare .
The truth is the latest horror film from Blumhouse Productions is n't all that daring , although it is not without its twisted charm .
My FitBit actually logged the experience as a 100-minute nap .
It mostly just goes through the basic horror-movie motions , throwing a bunch of pretty young people into supernatural danger and picking them off one by one .
Horror super producer Jason Blum delivers a Friday the thirteenth dud . Truth or Dare is painfully slow and tedious with an absurd plot .
... here 's hoping that Truth or Dare tanks and we do n't have to endure a spate of horror films based on innocuous party games .
This is , by and large , forgettable cinema , the kind that production company Blumhouse has a long history of pumping out in between its tentpoles .
A godawful teen-magnet utterly devoid of entertainment value beyond the lure of its popular , photogenic cast and the dubious attraction of playing the `` guess who gets it next '' game .
It 's a lame , scare-free film that wants really badly to work in the vein of `` It Follows , '' but has none of the intelligence .
The demon 's favourite trick is to inhabit someone 's face , stretching it into a Joker smirk before saying in a distorted voice , `` Truth or Dare ! '' That trick happens about 20 times in the movie and it never fails to not shock .
As a scary movie , Truth or Dare is about as frightening as a slip on a banana peel .
I did n't glance at my watch even once , but only because my eyes were glued to the screen in bemused bafflement as I waited for something - anything - new and terrifying to happen to the usual bevy of interchangeable doomed teens .
Truth or Dare -LSB- uses -RSB- the well-worn teenage party game as a means of racking up a body count without much to set it apart from other horror fare .
The type of shlocky horror movie you want to watch with a big audience , and , dare I say , one that is especially fun , and funny , with a chatty crowd .
It does nothing to cleanse Mr. Wadlow of the lingering stench of his 2013 effort , `` Kick-Ass 2 . '' Even so , some setups can be unwittingly funny .
A chore to sit through , delivering an insipid story , overly emphatic performances , and complete lack of scares , playing to pushover crowds with the weakest production effort possible .
This unpretentious , bottom-feeding boo ! ride reminds us that nothing -- including games of our childhood -- is safe from being plundered and yanked into a place of nightmares .
Despite some decent ideas and chances at interesting characters , Truth or Dare opts for lazy storytelling and unconvincing scares .
Truth or Dare is the kind of film that must have seemed like a good idea at the time , but its initially appealing premise - what if a demon possessed a drinking game ? - quickly falls to pieces under its own self-generated confusions .
More chiller than horror flick , which means as many plot twists as scares . Lots of fun .
Generally , the movie 's as scare-free and slow-witted as it is senseless , enough that you want to challenge Blum to a round .
... an overlong , uneven , occasionally unintentionally funny , weirdly toothless horror flick ...
Sloppily assembled teen genre fare that produces more giggles than gasps .
The internal logic of the movie is complex , confusing , and as a result the movie is not very much fun .
-LSB- A -RSB- potentially interesting premise that is then left in the hands of an insipid posse of one-dimensional characters to mull over .
Blumhouse 's Truth or Dare is what happens when high concepts crash .
Despite not actually being scary and sometimes howlingly dumb , Truth or Dare is idiotic , intermittently smart , hilarious fun , and could easily become the next big franchise for Blumhouse
Blumhouse 's Truth Or Dare is the first great dumpster fire of 2018 .
The truth of this film is that it will , in the not too distant future , only be watching ironically on some lost cable channel on a Friday night . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Truth or Dare is toothless , derivative and predictable from the first scene to the last .
The privileged protagonists of `` Truth or Dare '' are neither interesting nor likable . They do n't even seem worthy of the academic degrees they 're getting .
Jeff Wadlow concocts a horror movie around the concept of truth or dare that is precisely what you expect , with one exception : there is n't one scary moment in it .
The rules : Tell the truth or you die . Do the dare or you die . Watch this movie and you might die , of boredom .
Truth or Dare had potential to be just engaging as Happy Death Day , but loses its nerve and heart midway through .
Director Jeff Wadlow 's Truth or Dare is a startlingly mean-spirited but otherwise dimwitted horror film .
` Truth or Dare ' occasionally reaches the pinnacles of unintentional comedy , but it 's mostly overflowing with tired horror tropes and unlikable stereotype characters .
a PG-13 dud whose early promise quickly devolves into unscary situations and a strained origin mythology .
Director Jeff Wadlow puts his impressively sympathetic actors through some grueling paces in a crisply edited tale that examines the notion that truth may not be all that liberating .
A few moments of ingenuity aside , Truth or Dare is lacklustre filmmaking . Its premise is so contrived that any attempts at stirring up dread or suspense are stifled at the outset .
The film sustains its initial momentum and the death sequences are suitably nasty , aided by some nifty sound design work .
The truth is that it 's a lazily helmed , cheap-feeling trifle with no true scares and an off-putting cynicism coursing through its veins . The dare is to sit through all 100 minutes and not walk away feeling like you 've totally wasted your time .
For all that , Truth or Dare is good fun . We are lucky to live at a time where we get endless quality horror ... But there has always been a place for good , honest trash .
I dare you to reach the credits of this generic schoolyard excuse for genre furtherment .
The premise of Truth or Dare is needlessly convoluted , and it is overloaded with information and side characters .
Truth or Dare does n't aspire to groundbreaking heights , but it 's got just the right mix of laughs and scares to keep viewers engaged with the ridiculous concept they signed up to watch .
This gasser of a schlocky horror film should only be experienced on a dare .
An effective enough scare machine .
Despite a few solid scares and set pieces , as well as a killer ending , Truth or Dare 's embrace of cliche and lack of internal logic makes it stand out as a lower tier Blumhouse affair .
The movie not only fails to represent the peak of the young Blumhouse shingle 's output , but gets silly in ways that we 've seen on screen for decades .
A frantic muddle of a who-will-be-the-next-to-die ? youth horror film .
It rattles along at a fair lick , never resting for too long before another nasty surprise .
` Truth or Dare ' is n't high art , but it 's good fun .
Killer smiles . . Not much else .

@highlight

Truth or Dare 's slick presentation is n't enough to make this mediocre horror outing much more frightening than an average round of the real-life game .