As a moral fable Click holds no surprises ; as a Sandler comedy , it 's unusually dark , occasionally touching and pretty funny .
Click brings up some very real problems about adult life but it answers them with Hollywood platitudes ... granted , it 's about having fun not trying to find solutions to the problems of modern existence , but it still seems a bit disingenuous .
A fascinating film with an unresolved comedy/tragedy axis
`` Click '' is a one-trick-pony of a comedy .
As a broad family comedy this is perfectly acceptable , but from a sci-fi point of view it 's a very pale imitation of the time travel classics it seeks to ape .
For all its competing aspirations , the movie just never clicks .
Back to the Future ? Back to the drawing board !
A movie with a lot of wasted potential . It looks like it was made by a bunch of schmucks .
It 's kind of a reverse `` It 's A Wonderful Life '' as Mike see 's what happens to those around him when he pushes a button .
What is surprising about Adam Sandler 's latest comedy is that it still works despite its uneven tone and - while it is never laugh-out hilarious - makes nonetheless for passable entertainment ...
a fun little movie that impressed me more than it probably should
It 's rather sad that the only laughs to come from this comedy are when its dramatic moments fail so much .
There are more farts and embarrassing sex jokes than laughs -- far more .
Really , there are only so many fart jokes a person can take .
Another ` nice ' Sandler comedy that works , thanks to some smart and genuinely moving ideas at its core .
Essentially , Click is a modern-day version of It 's A Wonderful Life , only with fart jokes .
Click has its heart in the right place but its head in the toilet , and thus works against itself despite some great moments .
With the jokes as predictable as they are unremarkable , `` Click '' ultimately should have turned its remote on itself , pressed rewind , and allowed us to revisit Sandler 's best film , `` Punch Drunk Love . ''
When the DVD comes out I 'm going to buy it and fast-forward through the whole thing . You know , for vengeance .
αν και το μήνυμα της ταινίας είναι στοιχειώδες κα &
The effort is there , but nothing can save ` Click ' from being another raunch-fest starring the emoting challenged Sandler .
If you can tolerate Sandler 's juvenile humor , you 'll also find something worthwhile .
Click is basically It 's a Wonderful Life with punching , farting , dog-on-duck intercourse and sex jokes ...
The onscreen maturing of Adam Sandler continues with Click , perhaps the erstwhile frat boy 's most sentimental outing yet .
Click goes clunk when the screenwriters lather on the sentiment too thick
The film just does n't click .
Sways too far one direction into the vulgar and too far the other into the maudlin .
Let 's fast-forward to the end of this review : This movie sucks !
Adam Sandler still coasts on American pop culture 's peculiar indulgence of boys who wo n't grow up
I 've never been a fan of Sandler 's humor , but if the alternative is him struggling mightily to convey angst , bring on the ` You can do it ! ' callbacks and Rob Schneider cameos .
The first half is typical juvenile Sandler shtick and the second aims for the heart with the kind of bittersweet nectar the emotionally diabetic will reject .
Director David Frankel finds the mainstream summer swagger in this crowd-pleaser of a film while managing to keep its snooty , upscale tone .
In the end , the movie works better as a high-concept quirky dramatic piece ...
This is definitely not one of Sandler 's best films -- no ` Wedding Singer ' romantic sensitivity or ` Waterboy ' innocent appeal emerges here .
What it lacks is an inspired moment of unleashed rage -- the kind that have always kept Sandler 's romps redeemable .
The comedy is n't as pointed as desired and the drama is n't as maudlin as expected , yielding decidedly mixed results .
Takes a great idea and runs it into the ground .
The latest Adam Sandler assault on the art of film is one of those films -- the kind where multi-millionaires explain to you that money ca n't buy happiness .
-LSB- A -RSB- painfully generic and gimmicky comedy . Relentlessly interminable , predictable and drowsy in concept . Sandler 's man-child routine has already run its course ad nauseam .
A few substantial laughs -LRB- with that patented Sandler undercurrent of cruelty -RRB- lead to one of the most depressing descents into mawkish sentiment I 've ever seen in a ` comedy . '
Egregiously schmaltzy ... what begins as just another lousy gimmick comedy soon veers into a bizarrely masochistic death trip .
It 's a farce about loss , and it does n't flinch .
Click is sappy and saccharine , but it 's the good kind of cleansing , cathartic corniness .
Sandler goes through a Scrooge story where he learns to step beyond contemporary arrogance - the very film persona that made his comedies popular .
It 's a flawed film , but most people go to Adam Sandler movies to just unwind and have fun . It works at that level .
Fans of Sandler should n't skip past this surprising treat , a soulful and silly comedy with plenty to pause and appreciate .
A film of its digital age : It 's aware that the moviegoer sometimes reaches for a remote control device that is n't there , like an amputee experiencing the itch of a phantom limb .
I think if you 're going to have a David Hasselhoff type of character and you 're going to have the flatulence type of humor , then just go in that direction . Do n't try to put in all this sappy stuff .
It 's a Wonderful Click . Back to the Click . A Click Carol .
Endeavoring to make the audience laugh and cry is a noble goal , but old-fashioned as it sounds , Sandler does n't have the class to pull it off .
This comedy is a disaster on almost every level , Sandler insufferably mugging his way through it .
Sandler 's and Walken 's performances make this worth your while .
Sappy and sentimental , it , nevertheless , has heart .
Applied to any number of basic frameworks % u2014waterboying , wedding-singing , Winona Ryder 's deceiving , Drew Barrymore 's forgetting , Jack Nicholson 's raging % u2014the formula , as we all know too well , has been profitable and then some .
` We have universal remotes in stock , ' says 7-Eleven spokesperson Chandrashekhar ` Chan ' Slurpeevasan . ` But normally we use them to fast forward past hold-ups to the point where charges are dropped and the perpetrator is set free . '
... Screenwriters Steve Koren and Mark O'Keefe decide to go Capra-cornish on us and throw in some maudlin dramatics , trying to make Click a contemporary It 's a Wonderful Life .
Good , but this was much better when it was called Scrooged .
A domestic tragedy masquerading as a frothy frolic .
Sometimes Adam Sandler accidentally manages to hit one out of the park
The comedy is weak and the tugs at the heartstrings are only slightly stronger .
Click , a movie with an endlessly cute concept , is a theatrical dud , thanks to yet another sleepwalking performance by comedic megastar Adam Sandler .
The jokes do n't come frequently enough in Click , and are n't all that funny .
-LSB- Click -RSB- is an abomination .
All things considered , if I could get my hands on this remote , I 'd rewind back to the first time I watched Happy Gilmore , just to remember what funny really is .
Cleverly conceived but conspicuously unfunny .
This is not a truly awful movie , but it 's not worth wasting money on .
Ultimately , you have to ask yourself how willing you are to be put through the emotional wringer by a slob comedy , or preached to about personal priorities by Hollywood multi-millionaires .
Click is about an immature man 's bumpy collision with maturity , and that 's the perfect subject for the stubbornly frat-based talents of Adam Sandler .
Click manages to sneak some surprisingly moving moments in between the gross-out gags and the schmaltzy resolutions .
Even with its attempt at deeper meaning and visual flair , those who do n't look forward to Sandler 's infantile humor and vacuous screen persona will find Click exceptionally bad entertainment .
One of the best American films of the year so far . The filmmakers take what might have been just a gimmicky premise and pursue it meticulously , following wherever it leads . Along the way , they create a shrewd and moving metaphor for the way people live .
Click ventures into unexpectedly pensive territory and even becomes emotional . -LRB- That word has never before been used in conjunction with an Adam Sandler comedy . -RRB- Sandler , usually a callow actor , has never been less remote .
This comic fantasy is the best vehicle he 's ever had , a high-concept goof that gradually darkens into an emotional nightmare reminiscent of Capra .
The name of the film is Click , but that could also be the sound in your head , the early warning that you 've been had again , stung by another dud .
Adam Sandler 's Click takes a clever concept but executes it as an inconsistent retread of A Christmas Carol . Except , instead of Christmas , there 's flatulence .
If -LSB- Adam Sandler -RSB- really could control his career with the click of a button , this might be the chapter to skip .
This rickety Sandler vehicle finds the comedy star steering through a charmless fantasy of self-discovery .
Coming up with a list of movies Click rips off -LRB- Multiplicity , Bruce Almighty , Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind -RRB- I lost count at 10 .
Click is perfectly watchable , sometimes funny , and occasionally even touching . But it will be better when you can see it on DVD and fast-forward through all the crummy stuff .
A gently amusing comedy that evolves into a smothering life lesson .
With its lurching blend of scatology , sentimentality and sci-fi , the movie is a mess . It 's also sexist , bigoted and misanthropic . Of course , those qualities used to be part of the star 's charm .
... the broad humor expected in a Sandler production ... fart jokes , mild naughtiness ... clashes with the tone when things turn serious
Rarely have I wanted to fast-forward through a movie as much as Click , a treacly and not-funny-enough Adam Sandler comedy about a man who uses a magical remote control to fast-forward through life .
The film 's overall problem is that it asks thoughtful moviegoers to appreciate its good intentions while ignoring its appeal to the basest of adolescent tastes .
Umm , did I mention Kate Beckinsale is hot ?
Click follows the Sandler formula to a T . This is too bad , because for a while it is a genial diversion that uses its high-concept premise for solid laughs .
It may all boil down to a cautionary tale that borrows shamelessly from It 's a Wonderful Life , but when the comic energy is cooking , Click is diverting enough .
Surely , nobody else could package the tragedy of a ridiculous man as a featherweight farce and have it turn into what I suspect will be a major hit . Sandler is young yet , but he could end up one of the genius men in American comedy .
An affecting comedy that delivers as many thought-provoking moments as it does laughs , Frank Coraci 's `` Click '' resembles more a Frank Capra movie than familiar shtick-fueled Adam Sandler vehicles such as `` Billy Madison . ''
It 's the ultimate in cinematic channel-surfing . ... As a result , this jumbled comedy-drama develops a serious -LRB- and we do mean serious -RRB- multiple-personality problem .
Click has been horribly written , ploddingly paced and indifferently performed . And it makes the mistake of taking itself seriously .
In a way , this film moves the Adam Sandler ` idiot ' persona and the Adam Sandler Punch Drunk Love persona closer together ; anyway , fans will like Click , no doubt , and even non-fans will be entertained .
Watch Click -- a kind-hearted comic fable about a working father 's prolonged supernatural comeuppance -- and tell me it does n't yank the same chains as It 's A Wonderful Life .
Click is a premise in wandering pursuit of a movie . About two hours later , it calls off the search and does n't so much end as stop .
By the time Michael has tearfully attempted to correct his mistakes with his now-grown children and wife , even Sandler 's biggest detractors will be longing for the aggressive , idiotic company of Happy Gilmore or Billy Madison .
Believe it or not , the gross out jokes wo n't leave a bad taste in the mouth ; the gushy life lessons will .
Its mix of cheap jokes , common fantasy and shared anxiety should resonate with just about anyone who has a pulse . Pause and have a good laugh .
Everything about Click is so predictable that when it is released on home video , you will be able to watch it in a lot less than the 98 minutes it takes to see it in the theater .
After he teased us with some recent , supposedly more ` mature ' performances in Punch Drunk Love and Spanglish , Sandler has simply reverted to his expected juvenile form here .
Click is a 95-minute illustration of the difference between ` funny ' and ` laughable . '
It 's a high-concept Adam Sandler comedy that never even scrapes the heights . The movie makes a graceless transition from drippy comedy to soggy melodrama . Either way , it 's all wet .
The movie is being sold as a comedy , but you know what ? This is n't funny .
Through all the infantile jokes , the film 's heart shines through .
` It 's a Wonderful Life ' with fart jokes .
For Sandler , the transition from MTV cool to VH1 nostalgic seems natural , but the emotion and the longing that accompany nostalgia are still lost on an actor with limited range , trying mightily to improve himself .
Click gets its laughs and then sucker-punches us with sentiment ; if it does n't quite represent the new , improved Adam Sandler , it shows him almost desperately trying to figure out who that might be .
The movie 's ending will come as a complete surprise to anyone not familiar with It 's a Wonderful Life , A Christmas Carol , or the 7th season of Dallas .
It 's no bummer or mind-bender , but it might as well be the `` Requiem for a Dream '' of Adam Sandler 's rowdy resume . George Bailey never would have farted in Mr. Potter 's face , so it 's clearly not a wonderful life . But it 's decent enough .
A fantasy comedy in the tradition of Back to the Future or Groundhog Day ... Click delivers profoundly emotional family moments amidst the hysterically clever fantasy gags .
The two halves do n't mesh into one fully-satisfying movie
This film is such a squirming , watch checking , horrible experience I was wishing for a magical remote that would click it off .
You may want to fast forward through parts of this but mostly you 'll want to pause and savor the moments .
While Sandler should n't be advised to shun movies with heart , he needs to recognize the difference between genuine emotions and this sort of decidedly unfunny mawkishness .
While Adam Sandler remains a performer of endless charisma , his choice of material is growing increasingly questionable as the years pass .
Michael never thinks big like changing mankind for the good . He would rather click-freeze a guy and pull down his pants to embarrass him . THAT 's a Sandler laugh .
Sandler 's chief asset is his accessibility , an easy amiability that allows us to think well of him even when he 's engaging in Stoogish violence and flatulence jokes .
has several truly funny moments and inspired ideas , enough to make viewers wonder how much better the film would have been if a strong story editor and a sharp director had been called in to smooth out the script 's many wrinkles .
Sandler has rightfully transitioned from annoying frat dude who got lucky to affable everyman who even cries every once in a while , although I 'm guessing he needs the prop guy to slice an onion to get the job done .
The movie plays like a cross between Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind and It 's a Wonderful Life .
It 's a movie that shoots lazily for Capraesque and settles happily for Crapesque .
The first half of Click is merely unfunny ; the second is the most shameless appeal to sentiment since The Day the Clown Cried .
Click will surely dishearten even Sandler 's most forgiving faithful , while putting the casual viewer right to sleep .
Sandler 's fans may find some of his antics entertaining , but once the film turns on the waterworks , even they 'll want to click away .
Instead of high concept turning into comedy gold with a touch of sentiment , we get a childish load of staleness that farts in the face of its Capraesque pursuit .
Click sells itself as an Adam Sandler comedy full of immature humor -LRB- and it is -RRB- , but the last 30 minutes are brilliant , heartbreaking and emotional .
Frank Capra is rolling over in his grave at the worthless gimmick that 's needed to retell his classic story .
There were times when I wanted a universal remote to fast-forward through repeated jokes about a dog having sex with a stuffed animal or children using four-letter words .
It 's an unimaginative , mean-spirited affair that makes you hate yourself for laughing at it , and it 's so devoid of anything close to wit , subtlety or sophistication .
The only thing about this movie I did n't hate was Hasselhoff .
Those going in expecting Happy Gilmore Gets A Remote will be gravely disappointed .
SANDLER : And there 's got ta be like tons of f**kin' hot chicks all over , like maybe in my office . 'Cause it 's a guy fantasy , right , shuttin ' up the wife and kids and sh*t , right ?
Why Click fails to click is because of a crass , uncertain script , which wavers between an unfunny Saturday Night Live skit and a Lifetime Channel movie . Only once , near the end , did I care about his plight . But then , maybe it was heartburn .
Adam Sandler continues to crassly cannibalize Frank Capra films with Click , a movie that starts with comedic promise but ultimately degenerates into a maudlin mishmash .
Most likely a well intentioned reaction to the death of both -LSB- Sandler 's -RSB- father and beloved dog Meatball , `` Click '' plays like `` It 's a Wonderful Life to the Future '' with superior makeup effects but subpar writing and production values .
A happy convergence of silly and smart gives Adam Sandler one of his best comic vehicles yet .
Adam Sandler turns his careless attention to family life in this comedy about a harried white-collar father who acquires a remote control that allows him to hopscotch through time .
Plays to the lowest-common-denominator for so long that it can never quite redeem itself when the tone suddenly dims and turns into a tearjerker .
Outside of a running joke about Sandler 's dog humping a giant stuffed animal and the usual anger/pain humor that runs through his work , the film devotes most of its energy to a drearily sentimental lesson about what 's really important .
With Click , Sandler has taken about three leaps backwards from Punch Drunk Love and 50 First Dates .
A crass physical comedy of unrelenting irrelevance with a gag or two amid the many other examples of bad taste .
A surprisingly sentimental twist on the Adam Sandler formula .
A sour comedy about an unpleasant guy that morphs into a sour drama about an even less pleasant guy .
The biggest problem with Click is not that it is n't funny , but that the moments worthy of laughs often feel isolated from the sloppily assembled plot .
As a comic , Adam Sandler has never had an original thought , or if he did , he probably assumed he had stolen it from somebody , he just did n't know who .
I have a soft spot for the low-comic high jinks of Adam Sandler , including Happy Gilmore and even the unfairly maligned Waterboy . But Sandler has a sappy side that makes me puke . I damn near choked on Click .
Adam Sandler 's latest effort is a clumsy , inconsistent fusion of the lowbrow comedy that made him a star and his more recent , unworkable stabs at drama in Punch-Drunk Love and Spanglish .
Writers Steve Koren and Mark O'Keefe have taken a clever premise and given it a singularly unclever execution . The movie exists on several different , tonally incompatible planes .
Walken is so adept and natural as Sandler 's guiding light -- and his tormentor -- that he seems to be ad-libbing . It 's an artful , endearing performance .
Henry Winkler and Julie Kavner play Sandler 's parents , and they redeem what they can of Click , although no one could salvage the ruthlessly sentimental later passages .
Tunes into two channels : a low-brow comedy station on which dogs hump stuffed animals , and a cautious network whose heart relies on a conventional wake-up call for a workaholic .
The result is an Adam Sandler movie that works -- to a degree -- for just about everyone .
Sandler is a post-Catskills gold mine of potential , he always has been , and when he 's willing to break with tradition -LRB- à la Punch-Drunk Love -RRB- , he 's downright revelatory . Not this time , though . This time he 's just dying .
The comic genius is evolving toward Bill Murray territory - that of a bright soul beaten and worn down by life , with a humorous shine tantalizingly repressed .
It is basically a lowbrow and secular rehash of A Christmas Carol , although Sandler creates a character more hateful than Ebenezer Scrooge .
Not everything jells , but Click is funnier and more elaborately clever than anything Sandler 's done in years .
Yet another uninspired Adam Sandler goof-fest with a long suffering leading lady , mildly bawdy gags , and a predictable ending .
It accomplishes what it sets out to do : tell an occasionally amusing , occasionally affecting drama about how adults often lose sight of what matters .
All I wanted was a magical remote control of my own so I could skip past seeing this unfunny and monotonous piece of crap .
A gimmicky one-joke effects comedy that 's even worse when it tries to be sweet , fuzzy and -- heaven help us -- instructive about what 's really important .
uneasy mix of sloppy sentiment and genuine mean-spiritedness that Sandler tries , and fails , to conflate with a schizophrenic performance
A misbegotten version of It 's a Wonderful Life by way of Bicentennial Man .
Half your typical Sandler comedy albeit light on the laughs , the other half an overly preachy sentimental sci-fi take on Capra 's ` It 's a Wonderful Life '
It 's predictable , often tedious , and sounds funnier than it plays .
Based on a cute if simplistic idea , Sandler 's special-effects comedy is a cross between Back to the Future and Capra 's It 's a Wonderful Life , with elements of `` Truman Show '' thrown into the uninspired flick .






@highlight

This latest Adam Sandler vehicle borrows shamelessly from It 's A Wonderful Life and Back To The Future , and fails to produce the necessary laughs that would forgive such imitation .