Kevin Smith delivers a deeply disturbing movie that throws up plenty of questions about monsters and humanity yet still manages to give audiences enough of the Smith humour , charm and charisma that they 'll be familiar with by this stage of the game .
-LSB- Kevin -RSB- Smith needs to focus on this genre for a change .
Kevin Smith has lost his mind .
` Tusk ' opens with the sound of two men laughing at their own jokes , so I guess a doff of the cap is due to the filmmaker for encapsulating his movie so efficiently , right from the jump .
Tusk 's inherent absurdity would much better have been played straight and subtle all the way through to the end , rather than covered over with the broadest layers of blubbery , fish-in-a-barrel slapstick . Still , really enjoyed the first half ...
A film so openly inessential that it circles back around to vitality , frequently finding that elusive sweet spot between horror and comedy .
The quintessential midnight experience , Kevin Smith 's next outing as he transitions from slacker comedy to dark horror is , like most of his films , for the fans .
You have to be on board for all of Kevin Smith 's lunacy or you wo n't be able to connect with some of the choices he makes , but I found Tusk wildly inventive and am hopeful it earmarks a bold new chapter for Smith 's filmmaking career .
Yes , `` Tusk '' is a stunt , a comedic dare , and a fake-looking one at times -LRB- which only seems to help , not hinder , its cause -RRB- . But the darkness at the film 's heart is real and gross and truly disturbing .
Justin Long and Johnny Depp join the `` Clerks '' director for a weird , unpredictable movie that still feels like only Smith could have made it .
Mere words can not adequately describe Kevin Smith 's film - only obscene gestures .
Tusk does for zoos what Jaws did for beaches , A Nightmare on Elm Street did for sleeping , and A Silence of the Lambs did for skin lotion .
The basic idea is great for a horror comedy . The results are just a sick joke that went on too long .
Without a doubt , `` Tusk '' joins `` Cop Out '' at the very bottom of Kevin Smith 's filmography , being nothing more than a grotesque , unengaging , and overstretched film that 's easily a prime candidate for the worst picture of 2014 .
It 's an excruciating experience ...
Tusk is a movie I like and would never recommend , which is actually par for the course when it comes to most of Kevin Smith 's creative output .
Tusk is the monster stitched out of a horrific premise and Kevin Smith 's brand of downright silliness .
Given how good Smith can be with actors , it 's a surprise he did n't make good on the promise of his premise and turn this into a full-blooded comic-horror lark . The first half-hour of Tusk has some terrifically creepy moments that are just not paid off .
Veteran American indie filmmaker Kevin Smith tries his hand at semi-sinister horror with Tusk , a so-so offering where cleverness is often cancelled out by laziness .
Parts of it are funny , parts are suspenseful and parts of it - to put it mildly - are hideously awful . Horrible may be a better word than horrific .
Nice as it would be to herald Tusk as a return to Smith 's bold early period , the movie has a lurching tone and an airless atmosphere .
Is Kevin Smith 's Tusk the worst movie of the year ? Yes . I mean , probably . ... none have made me quite as angrily resentful of a filmmaker as this one did .
Kevin Smith gets his weird on
Smith has always had a weakness for protracted dialogue , and in Parks he has a fitting muse .
It 's an agreeably insane plot , which is hilarious if you 're high , but the problem is the premise does n't even come close to sustaining a feature length story .
I thought this was a really pointless exercise .
The way Kevin Smith 's mind works is a grotesque wonder to behold .
If Kevin Smith was stoned when he thought up his excellent walrusian nightmare , then marijuana is the best creative medicine .
`` Excess '' is Smith 's middle name , so the show goes on ... and on .
It 's a crunchy mix that does n't prove all that funny , especially since the most horrific parts of the story were true for so many and most of the historical names are mispronounced , making it all feel needlessly glib .
Considering how supergonzo it is , I 'm surprised I did n't like it more .
... an unholy insane mess of a movie . Yes , it is self-referential and self-aggrandizing in that peculiar self-deprecating way the writer-director has perfected .
A mixed bag , but one sufficiently twisted -- and with enough goodies in that bag -- to be worth a look .
... the movie , which is never boring , deserves some credit for going places that one might not have expected it to go .
Kevin Smith is slowly going insane as a filmmaker , and it is a lot of fun to watch .
He 's puerile . He ca n't help it .
... how do you miss including a reference to The Beatles ' `` I Am The Walrus ? '' There 's not even a passing `` coo-coo-ca-choo . ''
Not weird enough to help itself over the slow spots .
... may have germinated as a goofy conversation on his podcast , but Smith follows it all the way through to its bloody , bewildering end . ''
Tusk delivers 70 percent of a powerful body horror movie reminiscent of Cronenberg in the 1970s ... then suffers an epic implosion of incompetence and confusion .
The audience for this truly unique exercise in film - I refuse to call it a ` movie ' - consists mostly of Kevin Smith fans . There 's a little bit of ` The Human Centipede ' here , mixed with more than a dollop of ` Misery . '
It has a memorably weird premise , sure , but Kevin Smith 's Tusk generally fails to be either that funny and/or scary ... much less interesting .
It seems as if the idea for TUSK must have been a good deal funnier to the folks behind the scenes than it is to the audience ; in fact , it 's not even clear which parts are meant to be funny .
For all the cornball Canadian comedy that interrupts the horror , the cry of ` Coo-loo-coo-coo-coo-coo-coo-coo ' is less relevant here than ` Goo goo goo joob . '
Turns out the Walrus was n't John or Paul .
Smith deserves props for following this whimsy all the way through , but all things considered , Tusk is a suspense-less , predictable film that 's seriously hampered by a lack of narrative invention and unique style .
Instead of playing with the anticipated and the preconceived , Kevin Smith takes a intriguing premise and circumvents our expectations .
Tusk is the story of a man forced to become a monster while also settling in and finding comfort in his new skin . Michael Parks and Justin Long are superb . This is the best kind of demented absurdity any horror dramedy could ever hope to be .
Tusk , based on one of Kevin Smith 's Smodcasts , smakes a strong case for a smintervention .
Tusk is not a particularly good movie , but the vivid anxiety dream at its heart makes it one of the most personal films this writer-director has ever made .
Tusk is an overextended , tonally incoherent joke that would make viewers squirm even if it did n't involve a bloody and demented medical experiment .
Tusk was inspired by an episode of Smith 's podcast , and if that sounds like one flimsy-ass basis for a movie then you are so right .
When it sticks to that `` do it on a dare '' spirit , especially in its absolutely bonzo third act , `` Tusk '' can be a lot of fun .
If you 're a Kevin Smith junkie , as I am , you 'll appreciate the verbal pinwheels he spins around the horror genre in Tusk .
Had Smith been more disciplined , the film 's deliberately absurd plot twists might have been more alienating , and funny .
While I was n't a big fan , I ca n't shake certain visuals and other elements from my mind days after having seen it . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
A schizoid horror comedy with an identity crisis , shifting uncomfortably between shocking body horror and puerile Jackass-level cringe humor .
`` Tusk '' finds Smith a more disciplined and reflective filmmaker than we 've seen in years past . The movie is n't great , but it has structure , it has a score and I think I even saw a crane shot .
Most filmmakers start by making movies with their friends , just for their friends . Kevin Smith is the only filmmaker who seems to want to end that way .
The film is sloppy and malformed , its sputtering comedy eclipsed by remorseless weirdness . Maybe that 's its charm ; maybe that 's its failure .
Congratulations , Kevin Smith . You just killed irony .
An initially creepy slice of body horror that repeatedly fritters away its mounting bad vibes through shoe-horned flashbacks and lengthy improv digressions .
The screenplay feels like a series of tweets . And the appearance of a big star in a wink-at-the-audience disguise is a distracting stunt .
A weirdo atmosphere of the bizarre and the impassioned , building on the tonal switcheroo of `` Red State '' to reach a new level of deranged entertainment I hope Smith is interested in perfecting .
Earns points for sheer audacity , but audacity is n't enough .
This tonal mishmash is a misfire of literally gross proportions .
Tusk is a fearless , ambitious , and hilariously unnerving `` horror '' film that only Kevin Smith could imagine , walrus suit and all .
Smith seems to have been more charged up by the -LRB- profoundly ridiculous -RRB- ideas behind his movie than in making them work .
I 'm going to go out on a limb and call Tusk the greatest movie ever made about a deranged loner who tries to turn a human being into an animal .
Even if Smith is preaching to the converted , it 's nice to hear his goofy voice once more .
Kevin Smith , of `` Clerks , '' delivers a weird in-joke inspired by one of his podcasts . You probably had to be there .
You can imagine Mr. Smith and his collaborators rolling in the aisles at their own preposterousness . If you can find your inner 16-year-old , you might just join them .
Tusk is the kind of movie you ca n't get out of your head . Try as you might , it goes to the top of the list of images you wish you had not seen .
For everyone who is n't in on the joke , the movie is an incomprehensible oddity .
Take The Human Centipede and sprinkle liberally with the old Bob and Doug McKenzie sketches from SCTV and the result is Tusk , Kevin Smith 's underbaked horror-comedy hybrid .
It has a game cast , it 's watchable , fun , sick , sad and has to be seen to be believed .
Smith fails to rein in Depp 's schtick and it 's as if the actor is in another movie entirely ... He does succeed in sprinkling motifs Canadian and marine mammal throughout and he 's gotten hilarious debuts from his and Depp 's daughters
`` Tusk '' seems to harbor no grander ambitions than to create a gross-out gag .
` Tusk ' is almost what you 'd expect from a Kevin Smith rip-off of ` The Human Centipede ' - ` almost ' because perhaps you ca n't imagine such a beast .
The end result is more baffling than scary or funny .
Kevin Smith whips up a shaggy walrus story , a horror comedy that 's weird and wobbly , but winds up being pretty good , sick fun . And , yes , Fleetwood Mac 's creepy song figures into it .
Kevin Smith 's `` Tusk '' is an odd animal indeed , a movie that morphs early from stoner comedy to stoner horror flick and then , as if stoned , declines to evolve any further .
This is a movie worth seeing .
You do n't feel like you wasted your time with `` Tusk . '' But that 's the best compliment you can probably give a film like this .
Good trash or stupid trash ? I 'd say roughly half and half .
Like many movies made by Kevin Smith , the director of `` Clerks '' and `` Cop Out , '' his gothic horror comedy `` Tusk '' is alternately amusing , appalling and frustrating . It 's also unique .
`` Tusk '' is deeply weird and spectacularly wonderful .
Suffice it to say , the final set-piece encapsulates Tusk in a nutshell : It 's strange , silly and difficult to look away from .
This is gruesome but never scary , snarky but never funny .
It 's great that Smith is still in the game , but here 's hoping for more the next time he steps to the plate .
It 's the most WTF movie of 2014 . -LRB- And I liked it a lot . -RRB-
Smith comments on a society he thinks no longer reacts , other than by pointing , laughing and not thinking . He 's challenging us to prove him wrong .
Like most self-conscious attempts at a `` midnight movie , '' Tusk lacks the conviction that would make it anything more than an outré curiosity ; it 's essentially a filmed dare , combined with fan service .
The most disgusting and pointless movie I 've seen . Emphasis on pointless . I spent half the movie sick to my stomach .
As if at the flip of a switch , the tone swerves from bearably irreverent to exhaustively indulgent .
there is in this uneven , but heady , brew , a sly stab at fame whores and a nice precis on the porous border between human and monster , sanity and reason .
There 's too much forced winking in it ; everything is a goof , a lark , a Smith-style in-joke for the in-crowd .
There 's a fine horror film inside `` Tusk , '' but it 's only 20 minutes long . The rest is just blubber .
Ultimately , any point gets drowned out by all the self-satisfied laughter .
It 's not even that the film shifts wildly in tone as much as the fact that none of those tones work at all : the horror parts are n't scary and , surprisingly for Smith , the comedy bits are n't funny .
Kevin Smith 's comic horror homage is not completely nuts . Even counting the walrus .
`` Tusk '' has `` comeback '' buzz coming out of the Toronto Film Festival . Perhaps that buzz came from the city 's crack happy mayor , Rob Ford .
The problem with Tusk , ultimately , is that it does n't hold up to scrutiny as a movie , despite its assemblage of commendably unusual scenes .
There is much to appreciate in this , Kevin Smith 's eleventh film . But it also shows the limits of his growth over the last two decades .
I do n't think this is what we agreed to when we tweeted #WalrusYes . Weird is good but it should still be tonally consistent .
Ultimately , what makes Tusk work is its willingness to revel in what makes it ridiculous as well as terrifying .
Tusk lands close to Human Centipede territory in gross-out-ness - a warning , not a complaint - but it also has a genuinely haunting quality ...
A revolting , creepy , and enthralling metamorphosis movie that toys with the audience 's ideas of horror and retribution , while presenting a stream of verbal and visual jokes with a great turn by Michael Parks . Kevin Smith is back !
At its best , Tusk gives me hope that -LSB- Smith -RSB- can grow . At its worst , it makes me despair that he ca n't .
It 's as self-referential as any of the exuberant director 's duds , but it 's refreshingly self-deprecating too .
Tusk grew out of a podcast joke , and it shows : There 's a making-it-up-as-we-go-along quality to the movie , which seems too satisfied with its own nuttiness to be truly transgressive .
Weird is all this movie is , when it could have been a lot more .
It suggests the worst possible gene splice of a barbed Terrance and Phillip South Park appearance , Fargo 's blithe condescension , and the smuggest of Quentin Tarantino pastiches .
Too glib and self-satisfied to count as a success , yet too personal to fully dismiss , Tusk-which features Fleetwood Mac 's annoying coke-fueled march of the same name-is slippery as a seal .
Tusk sinks its teeth into story telling in a way that 's both entertaining and delightfully disturbing .
Michael Parks continues to prove his exceptional talent , versatility and willingness to go all out for whatever role he takes on ...
Pleasingly twisted and irreverent , Tusk succeeds as an exercise in WTF strangeness .
Smith has delivered a left-field surprise that ranks among his very best work ...
`` Tusk '' combines autobiographical elements , spooky late-night B-movie influences and a deeper thematic exploration of the nature of storytelling , to create something wholly unique and twisted .
Batsh * t crazy , but in the best way possible . An exciting new chapter for Smith , who seems reinvigorated and at the top of his game .

@highlight

Tusk is pleasantly ridiculous and charmingly self-deprecating , but that is n't enough to compensate for its thin , overstretched story .