I ca n't comment on whether it does Narnia literature justice , but as a film fan , I can whole-heartedly recommend it as an example of fantasy done right .
Squanders both its first-rate computer graphics and its sturdy international cast .
It 's a relatively entertaining romp , but it would be surprising if anyone is counting down the days until the third movie .
Adamson seems to have decided the great battle at the end of the previous film was its best part and has set out to recapture it but more so , leading to some truly outstanding set pieces , but resulting in a film that is less than the sum of its parts .
Some religious punters may find it to be a bastardization of their and Lewis ' theological core values , while secularists will find the whole Narnia concept to be nothing more than a shrewd recruiting campaign for Christianity .
Caspian is a visual sleeper hold from frame one ; a constipated effort to erect widescreen wonderment , yet the production is missing dimension and needed narrative gusto .
Darker , more complex and less prone to the cutesy wow-factor , this is a gripping tale with a thoughtful message .
The body count is high , the running time is particularly long for a children 's film , and the themes are fairly heavy . But , like Wardrobe , it 's a lush and mostly entertaining production .
Most of C.S. Lewis 's peculiar magic is lost .
Excessively violent but oddly dull ... a Crusades allegory for teeny-boppers
The creakiness of the plot mechanics and the light condescension I detect do n't have me looking forward to the third Narnia movie .
... the opening hour essentially proceeds at a crawl ...
Andrew Adamson shows a more confident and defined vision that works on several levels , however it 's unable to overcome a nagging feel of disconnect .
It 's unfair to characterize it as Lord of the Rings-Light , but it 's difficult to avoid that conclusion after watching this earnest but seriously under-inspired effort .
It 's entertaining , value-for-money stuff .
If crossbows , strange creatures , and a squeaky-clean young cast are the right elements for a fantasy sequel , then this naive epic is your movie .
Adamson barrels the action along in an even-handed manner that should keep most of the family happy .
As with any would-be summer blockbuster , the members of the special effects team are the real stars , and they have n't stinted in bringing this fantasy world to life .
Adamson 's pulled a more morally nuanced rabbit -LRB- or badger , actually -RRB- out of his directorial hat this time out , and the result is a far more engrossing film than its predecessor .
It 's characters like these that make the film worth seeing , but if the Narnia series continues to get worse with each installment , Disney would be better off just finishing the trilogy and calling it quits .
Overwrought .
A well-executed , faithful version of the C. S. Lewis classic .
The acting , direction and effects have all improved considerably since The Lion , The Witch and The Wardrobe and Narnia fans wo n't be disappointed , but the story itself is weak by comparison .
Prince Caspian -LRB- the movie -RRB- is gorgeous and a total snore . The boy is just gorgeous . Whitewashing the themes also removed the story .
An improvement over the original , Prince Caspian better catches the nuances of the source material , but continues to ignore some of the more potent statements .
Significantly better than the first film or , say , the first two Harry Potters .
Marred by the dull performance of the movie 's pinup-ready title swashbuckler and the relative charmlessness of the English schoolchildren -LRB- the Hogwarts Sorting Hat would have kicked these kids to the curb -RRB- .
This film is a more of an action flick than the first , but there is still enough of the magic of Narnia to ensure the success of the franchise will continue .
Its darker tone and well turned performances lend credibility and urgency to the story , but the forced Disney/Walden-style kiddie pandering makes for a rather schizophrenic experience .
`` In the two battle scenes , we always have an exact sense of what an old film professor of mine called the `` axis of action . '' We know who is where , and why , and where things stand
Prince Caspian is rife with Christian metaphors and mythology . Well , they 're there if you choose to see them .
Adamson is probably indifferent to politics , which would be easier to forgive if the film gave you anything else to think about .
All in all , a solid and respectable entry to the ledger .
You either like school kids waving swords and talking to special magic friends , or you do n't . For fans of the genre , it 's good news . This film hits the right notes .
This is a dark romantic epic , which at times recalls such classic sagas as Ivanhoe and Quentin Durward , and it 's very enjoyable on a number of levels , not least in the realm of pure spectacle .
Prince Caspian is marvellous entertainment .
Prince Caspian has most of the elements required for a fantasy-action-adventure story , and the book has been intelligently adapted for the screen .
I really wanted to like this movie , and Andrew Adamson has made a polished looking film , but I had a tough time getting into it .
In the novel , all the back story is clumsily dumped in the first few chapters ... in the movie , it 's structured a lot more logically , and cinematically .
Character depth and stirring subtext is what books are for . Adamson 's Narnia adaptations remove all that pesky claptrap so that we can glide through a superficial reading .
Um dos pontos fracos do longa original , resultado de um grave erro de julgamento dos produtores , mostra-se intocável nesta continuação : a falta de carisma do elenco principal .
Yes , Prince Caspian is terrific and there 's plenty to enjoy , but someone needs to tell the filmmakers that length does not make a better film . In this case , the film 's length has compromised its heart .
... even improves on C.S. Lewis ' original novel ...
That rare sequel which improves upon the original .
Enough with the Jesus was a lion movies already !
The character development and spiritual themes present in the first film are downplayed allowing room to showcase its grand scale production values at the cost of some heart .
This sorry sequel is so boring , so unimaginative , and so blandly by-the-numbers that it 's almost like -LSB- an affront -RSB- to the very audience members who made the original a worldwide hit .
A passably good action film , but it does n't really deliver much more than that .
Ben Barnes looks lost , with a thick Mediterranean accent reminiscent of Mandy Patinkin 's avenging Spaniard from The Princess Bride : ` My name is Inigo Montoya -- you killed my father -- prepare to die ! '
It lacks the kind of rich details and memorable dialogue that would elevate it to amazing status , but the action is good
... continues in the tradition to create vivid , imaginary and enthusiastic interpretations of the most memorable children 's books of the past century .
If this is a movie for children than I can only guess the filmmakers had Donald Rumsfeld 's grandkids in mind when they made it
It 's an entirely serviceable sequel . But if you go in expecting the same magic found in Wardrobe , you 're bound to be disappointed .
As a fantasy action movie , there 's enough about Prince Caspian that works to make it an enjoyable rather than punishing experience .
Prince Caspian sounds like he is channeling Walter Koenig , better known as Ensign Chekov on `` Star Trek . ''
Instead of following the same formula of `` The Lion , the Witch and the Wardrobe , '' Adamson has created an entirely different Narnia , one that is darker and full of hatred and violence .
A lavish , battle-besieged extravaganza whose resourceful youngsters are aided by a host of at-risk mythological woodland creatures , including hairy centaurs , warrior rodents , a badger in a tree trunk , and one temperamental dwarf .
If there 's one genre of family film that 's my personal favorite , it 's the one featuring a sword-fight to the death .
It 's all very plotty and ponderous .
... bland family fare with high end production values . It feels about as real as a Disneyland ride , and what a fantasy film needs to do is convince you of is that even the most fanciful thing in its imagined universe is absolutely real .
The movie has just enough of that old-timey grand epic feel for its 144 minutes to breeze by like two and a quarter hours .
Repetition is to be expected in a franchise with an audience to please .
The second installment is no better than the first
This movie just ca n't put it all together . I 'm blaming it squarely on the storytelling .
Surprisingly good filmmaking , but a kid 's film ? Could it be that any important lessons here get lost in all the warring ?
Too many fights , not enough magic .
At every turn , the filmmakers go for clutter and tumult where simplicity would do -- and Adamson , to put it kindly , is n't the fleetest of action directors .
With the main cast and the voice of Liam Neesam as the voice of Aslan back , as well as the creatures and CGI effects , there 's enough adventures and suspense for the entire family to enjoy .
... old-school Disney , filled with cozily crafted sets , frankly theatrical lighting and golden-age moral values .
It 's more or less what the first movie should have been : a -LRB- mostly -RRB- captivating epic .
A praiseworthy sequel aided immeasurably by the continuity and chemistry of the return of all the principal cast members , and above all by the sort of special effects spectacles the tykes are likely to want to see again and again .
-LSB- T -RSB- here 's a not-so-subtle undercurrent of the White Man 's Burden in these stories .
In steering the film closer to his own vision , director Adamson steers it away from C.S. Lewis 's , and so it loses some of the book 's core spiritual themes .
Puss in Boots , Gimli and Jesus Christ walk into a bar . The bartender , noticing how down they all look , asks what 's wrong ...
Everything about Prince Caspian is just right in terms of cinematography , scope and vision ; the tone is dark but hopeful and epic but intimate .
Thrilling action combined with a big step up in the cast 's performances make The Chronicles of Narnia : Prince Caspian a fun , if unequal sequel .
Up against other summer blockbusters and practically going head to head with Indian Jones , Chronicles of Narnia fans will not be disappointed in this rousing fantasy .
Adamson overcomes some of the book 's better-read-than-spoken dialogue and the odd bits of chunky plotting with plenty of grace and charm .
Despite a casting flaw and uncomfortable pacing , ` Prince Caspian ' is an epic adventure with brave characters , amazing creatures and incredible special effects .
The magic is gone .
LOVED the first movie . This one ? Not so much , but not that bad .
Is there nothing Peter Dinklage can not do % u2026and do it well ?
Prince Caspian is any indication , there is the potential for greatness should the remaining chapters follow it to the screen .
`` Things never happen the same way twice , '' says the Christ lion Aslan - we can presume that goes as much for movie franchises as for lightning strikes .
Ben Barnes was a perfect Prince Caspian -LRB- maybe a little too good-looking - but I 'll forgive him -RRB- and Peter Dinklage was equally strong as the dwarf Trumpkin .
The Chronicles of Narnia : Prince Caspian dials down the spirituality but cranks the level of action to 11 .
I was sucked into Prince Caspian ... When it comes to the spectacle of the piece , it 's an epic family film . I 'm very anxious to view it again .
They 're necessary , eat-your-shredded-wheat watching for any movie lover , and are worlds better than all those middling Harry Potter films .
A fantasy film without much magic but plenty of darkness and violence .
The decision to go ` PG ' issued a renewed faith that Hollywood can spit out a money-generating product without having to spew gallons of blood and blow stuff up . But that did n't come without great scrutiny and much editing .
Prince Caspian may be less full of innocent wonder than its predecessor , but it is a smarter , better film . Like its young stars , the Narnia franchise has , for better and worse , grown up .
I wish I could be more enthusiastic about Prince Caspian , an honorable and attractive adventure for children and families . But scenic beauty and spirited action ca n't conceal its dramatic defects .
Chockablock with intense battle sequences and suffused with a sense of paradise lost , Prince Caspian is a worthy successor to The Lion the Witch and the Wardrobe .
At least we 're already acquainted with the kids , so we know their story , but Caspian , loosely based on C.S. Lewis ' novel , misses the opportunity to deepen it .
Andrew Adamson 's The Chronicles of Narnia : Prince Caspian is a much more elaborate , ambitious picture than the 2005 The Chronicles of Narnia : The Lion , the Witch and the Wardrobe , and it adds up to far less .
If you ever wondered what The Lord of the Rings would have been like had Disney made it on the cheap , tossing the cast of Hannah Montana into Middle Earth , here it is . Caspian is two hours and 20 minutes of ` Whatever ' .
What 's important here is that Narnia -- and its fascinating all-ages mix of pagan myth and Christian symbolism , of boy 's - own-adventures and Round Table heroics -- is back .
Another classic saga of deeds dastardly and swashes buckled , The Chronicles of Narnia : Prince Caspian does n't quite equal the first film , but some may find this one a less-insistent piece of pure entertainment because it is n't so overtly Christian .
Sure , it 's a big-budget spectacle . But it 's also the kind of grandly old-fashioned entertainment we do n't get enough of anymore .
Prince Caspian has pretty much something for everyone built into it . Little of it may be exceptional , but much of it goes beyond the usual PG standard in thoughtfulness and craftsmanship as well as carnage .
The Chronicles of Narnia : Prince Caspian represents a moody , action-packed flashpoint in the arc of Narnia .
The struggles remain , but -LSB- director -RSB- Adamson has tweaked the plot , rejiggered the character dynamics and piled on the epic warfare . By the end I had overdosed on surly Peter , pouty Caspian and over-digitized shock-and-awe .
If there 's one thing The Chronicles of Narnia : Prince Caspian accomplishes , it 's this : It makes you realize just how good those Lord of the Rings movies were .
Something human is missing here , amidst all the centaurs and talking bears and mobile trees . It 's the art of storytelling , which knows when to allow characters time for heartfelt interaction , when to build suspense , when to mount a climax .
On whole , this fantasy adventure does feature more action and is more exciting , arguably , than its predecessor , the 2005 film adaptation of C.S. Lewis 's Chronicles of Narnia book , The Lion , the Witch and the Wardrobe .
Like the finest fantasy epics , The Chronicles of Narnia : Prince Caspian invites us into a rich realm and , at two-plus hours , holds us there for a goodly spell .
This is a bigger and darker Narnia movie and although it did n't leave me famished for the inevitable sequel , it delivers the family-entertainment goods .
With bigger battles and scarier monsters than its predecessor , the new movie flaunts grander visual effects , and , with one notable exception , a dash more individuality than the initial installment .
The magical creatures and sprawling battles have been beautifully produced and shot , and the thunderous final conflict shakes the Earth .
A muscular fantasy epic that marks a filmmaking improvement if not a leap in dramatic inspiration over 2005 's The Lion , the Witch , and the Wardrobe , Caspian reveals this series as conceived ever more clearly as a junior-league Lord of the Rings .
If you and your children enjoyed your first visit to Narnia , you 'll be satisfied by the second trip .
Much of what makes the first Narnia movie work is , literally , missing in action in the spiritless sequel .
Prince Caspian , the second entry in the Chronicles of Narnia series , is a glorious medieval war movie .
Entertaining , but does n't have the depth and daring of the best fantasy movies .
Adamson has done such a brilliant job of pacing that there is no point in the movie where you can leave for a break ... If you do , you will undoubtedly miss something .
It 's like the Little Golden Book version of `` Gladiator , '' a mostly bloodless but mostly barbaric PG film with R-rated aspirations . Worse yet , it 's even more wearisome than its predecessor - drained of magic or emotion by a plodding pace .
On every level , Prince Caspian feels more accomplished than The Lion , The Witch , and The Wardrobe .
Why oh why are these sequels always bigger and louder and longer and bad ?
It 's basically a war , with arguing , strategy sessions and long , boring battle sequences , and very little in the way of character development , humor or joy .
Stands a good chance of becoming the `` Empire Strikes Back '' of the `` Narnia '' series : a darker and more satisfying follow-up to an already exceptional starting point .
... as inferior to the first book as the second one is , so is the second film from the first . Which is about right .
This darker , edgier feel ultimately benefits the film , although I feel the price that the flick pays is a loss of the wide-eyed , magical feel that its predecessor so tenderly possessed .
Adamson is willing to jettison Lewis ' `` quaint '' -LRB- I 'd say loveable -RRB- whimsy and mythical acumen in favor of more martial sequences that 'll sucker in the Lord of the Rings crowd .
Tween-friendly adaptation is darker than the first .
It 's the grown-ups who might feel slightly underwhelmed by it all , though they 'll likely be moderately entertained by the action and adventure .
lives up to expectations , although it does n't quite scale the heights set by the original film .
On the page , The Chronicles of Narnia thrived on fiery faith-based fantasy . On film , said belief is rendered bland .
Returning director Andrew Adamson lacks any sort of epic vision and as a result , the experience of watching the film is a lot like listening to the world 's most exciting bedtime story being read by someone with the world 's most grating monotone
I suggest buying a ticket to Prince Caspian , going to grab a bite to eat for the first hour of the film and then heading back to the theatre for the amazing ending battle .
a seriously flat and joyless excursion into the world of CGI , tangled theology , and excellent hair
A grand and visually stunning epic with thrilling battle scenes and powerful themes .
... a solid fantasy blockbuster that suggests they 're very much in it for the long haul .
What once felt both magical and foreboding now seems rather dreary and perfunctory .
Far superior to its predecessor and the faun has evolved into a more masculine background extra .
If returning to Narnia is going to keep feeling and looking like this , maybe Disney would be better off just keeping this series of books solidly closed .
C.S. Lewis meets Teen Beat .
Prince Caspian , like its predecessor , delivers sweeping , swashbuckling action in a handsome production , albeit one that leaves viewers feeling quite pummeled by the end of its nearly 2 1/2 - hour running time .
In this sequel , magic still reigns but suspending disbelief does n't come as easily .
Offers loads of action , an intriguingly creepy story and a roster of entertaining new characters .
Prince Caspian is an elaborately presented feast that will taste familiar to the ` tween and teen audience for whom it is served .
Though darker in tone , Caspian still generates more laughs , with amusing turns by Peter Dinklage as cranky dwarf Trumpkin and Eddie Izzard as the voice of swashbuckling mouse Reepicheep .
The creatures remain beautifully designed and Narnia still looks like a colorful , inviting place , but it feels as lifeless as the fantastical anyworlds found on glittery unicorn posters .
Child kings and queens land in a Jacobean tragedy with The Chronicles of Narnia : Prince Caspian .
The equivalent of Star Wars : Episode III - Revenge of the Sith in the series of films based on the fantasy novels by C.S. Lewis .
Bigger , brasher , more magical and funnier than the first .
If we have to learn life lessons from a God Cat , do they have to side with Bill O'Reilly ?
None of this is earthshaking , but Prince Caspian is a largely satisfying experience -- not too serious and not too silly with just the right ` wow ' factor .
Squarely in the tradition of the kind of teenage movies the Disney organization used to make before teens discovered horror and gore .
A crackerjack sequel that matches , and in some ways surpasses , its predecessor .
Back to Narnia for more battles and a lesson about how things do n't happen the same way twice .
Loses some of the innocence and wonder that buoyed along the first film , but replaces it with carefully thought out meditation on what it means to grow up .
More inspired by the book than adapting it , Caspian is most likely to appeal to those not especially attached to the book , which is after all a lesser work flanked by two more popular tales .
... every single thing I disliked about The Lion , The Witch and The Wardrobe was fixed in Prince Caspian .
The overemphatic music keeps telling us to be awestruck , but the movie itself stubbornly lacks grandeur .
I realize the first film -LRB- The Lion , the Witch and the Wardrobe -RRB- made almost $ 745 million worldwide . Well , some things make tremendous profits simply by showing up and getting the trains to run on time .
Most adults will find Prince Caspian tedious , but young viewers are likely to be mildly diverted , rather than actually swept up by the story .
The continuing adventures of the world 's scrawniest heroes .
Imaginative and visually enchanting but , remember , as Aslan says , `` Things never happen the same way twice . ''
-LSB- T -RSB- he real charms of -LSB- t -RSB- his second outing ... flow much as they did in the first one : by not lingering on the spectacle but on the sweetness of ... the child characters and the enchanting talking animals ...
Expands and contracts the story in just the right places to transform it into successful summer-blockbuster fodder .
Under all the gimmickry and effects , there 's a nice story to tell -- as anyone who has read the books knows .
Though the movie could have ended a few scenes earlier , it is still a journey well worth taking .
It 's a dragged-out exercise , with no epic scale and no spirit worth talking about .
This new Narnia has more of everything , especially action and top-notch effects , but loses some of its soul in the process .
Adamson makes it all quite handsome , in a downbeat way .
Another triumph for director Adamson . He had us at Narnia but took us farther on this eloquent journey than we expected to go .
They may make for clunky religious parables , but the Narnia books -- and so far , the movies based on them -- are wonderful as stories about childhood and its loss .
If anything , this sequel could have used more hellfire . You leave feeling covered in a blanket of bland .
While not as strong in terms of plotting or character development , Prince Caspian is nevertheless a better cinematic experience than its predecessor , if only because it feels more confident and polished .
Prince Caspian has the same problems as its predecessor : a C.S. Lewis story line rendered anemic , and a cast of sweet but unengaging principals .
The Chronicles of Narnia : Prince Caspian offers kids and adults an entertaining escape into the world of C.S. Lewis ' books .
A pity that , other than the fights , everything else in the movie is equally bloodless .
It 's back to Narnia in this second , and only slightly more meaty , adaptation of the C.S. Lewis fantasy franchise .
... ultimately about how the good handle their goodness , and how they sometimes fail .
The original 's novelty is lost in a movie that embraces too may battles .
A fierce and somber battle epic .
Narnia may never escape comparisons to Middle Earth , but it 's on its way to creating its own satisfying vision of a fantasy world .
It 's simultaneously darker and funnier , more substantive and more engaging , more violent and more technically accomplished .
The fantasy has its delights , laughs , and harrowing moments , keeping you reminded , despite the physical realism of solid production values , that it 's an extensive work of the imagination .
-LSB- I -RSB- f you can work your way around the film 's subtext , it 's an exhilarating adventure piece .
A far superior film in terms of the quality on every level , but one that suffers from the weaker source material .
A worthy if somewhat less wondrous successor to that 2005 phenomenon .
A bit darker , more conventional and more crisply made than its 2005 predecessor .
The second chapter of the Narnia saga is bigger and `` more epic '' yet lacks the dramatic energy and narrative involvement of the first , problems that also exist in the literary source -LRB- Lewis ' book -RRB- , but it signals the birth of a new star , Brit Ben Barnes .
It 's still a very entertaining film , although newcomers would be wise to check out Wardrobe if they want to better understand Caspian .





@highlight

The Chronicles of Narnia : Prince Caspian is an entertaining family adventure worthy of the standard set by its predecessor .