A timely and thought-provoking documentary about efforts in China to deprogram teenagers addicted to Internet gaming .
The campers , of course , hate it , and many seem to suggest it becomes basically another game to them . Figure it out , get released , go back to the computer .
Docu explores Internet addiction and family relationships .
The film is fascinating and often darkly funny , but it 's hard not to wish for some actual analysis to flesh out the many scenes of grim people in gray rehab .
The human stories in `` Web Junkie '' are instantly identifiable , stories of a world where everyone has been brought closer together and simultaneously kept apart .
The kids are as uncommunicative as teenage boys tend to be in every country , and shots of them marching in unison or looking sadly out from behind chain-link fences are only compelling for so long .
Without a frame of footage nor a single interview presented from outside the camp , the documentary shows a capitalist nightmare that accords its victims zero wiggle room .
The film lacks either the immersive intensity that would galvanize emotions or a context that would provide enlightenment . Its brief tour of an unpleasant corner of reality feels less revelatory than voyeuristic .
The slow -LRB- albeit unevenly paced -RRB- unveiling of the boys ' stories is persuasive and chilling . Internet addiction is real .
A tough love remedy for internet addiction designed for impressionable young minds which prefer virtual reality to relating in the flesh .
Shlam and Medalia have n't constructed the film particularly artfully ... but Web Junkie is a case where the access is so unexpected and revelatory that it 's a wonder just to have the footage .
Heartbreaking , illuminating , frightening and intimate . Bravo to the filmmakers for shedding light on an issue that many people can relate to to some degree .
Web Junkie glides over its most provocative idea-namely , that Chinese youth , often without siblings due to population control , might be making those attachments the only way they know how .
-LRB- The filmmaker 's -RRB- free form , peak-around-corners style deprives the film of structure but ensures moments of often brutal honesty .
An occasionally stirring peek into a place and phenomenon that 's only slightly hard to believe exists , but that 's as good as it gets .
The film is less interested in exploring the questionable science behind the program 's practice . It is also uninterested in challenging allegations that the boys are disconnected from reality .
Astute enough to consider the social conditions that nurture such addictions , Web Junkie falters when an underdeveloped rehab success story is ushered in at the end like a quick fix designed to numb the pain .
Web Junkie could almost be viewed as absurd comedy , if it were n't so grimly serious .
What really undoes the film is its formlessness .
What really undoes the film , though , is its formlessness .
A bizarre and entertaining documentary about China 's attempts to reprogram its Internet-addicted youth .
Directors Shosh Shlam and Hilla Medalia get a remarkable amount of access to one of 400 rehabilitation camps set up in China .
The specificity of the documentary ... is one of its biggest strengths since it is able to place you right alongside these kids ... But it also has the effect of being even more heartbreaking ...
Web Junkie is a little sad , a little funny and a little scary . I 'd say that I wish it had been a little more provocative , but I 'm sure conversations after screenings will serve some of that purpose and those are conversations worth having .

@highlight

While neither as deep nor as skillfully constructed as its subject might deserve , Web Junkie remains a chillingly serious look at a nightmarish problem .