In Room , -LSB- director Lenny -RSB- Abrahamson has created a masterful oddity ; a world that 's spatially confined , but emotionally limitless and arresting .
The relationship between Brie Larson and Jacob Tremblay 's characters is genuine , and the fact that the film is told through the eyes of a child gives it a sense of innocence that touches the soul without being overly sentimental .
Room is worth seeing because of its first part and because of the fine work done by Brie Larson and Jacob Tremblay . The second part offers them far fewer opportunities to display their talents .
Room is a deeply moving film about the inexplicable , tender , unbreakable bond between parent and child ; it 's one of the greatest love stories of all time .
The script is so fine , the performances so fearless and the story so engrossing that the background becomes simply background . This is one of the richest stories of motherhood -LRB- and human-hood -RRB- we 've seen .
While Room is in some ways an obviously manipulative fairy tale that suffers from some story compression in the first half , it has the capacity to hit some deeper insights later .
Room is a surprisingly uneasy affair , split between an ugly start that points to uplifting things to come , and a restorative coda that stubbornly forecloses as much as it promises comfort .
This is a beautiful tale of a mother 's love for her child , selfless and pure .
It 's not awful by any means , just tough-going and rather unrewarding .
We tell ourselves the world is a big place , but director Lenny Abrahamson , adapting Emma Donoghue 's novel Room , shows us just how infinite the space can truly be .
Never has a pre-teen pulled off a more adult performance .
Director Lenny Abrahamson -LRB- `` Frank '' -RRB- has made a delicate , beautiful film of visuals and smells and textures , told from the boy 's point of view as he experiences everything with both a wide-eyed wonderment and a careful , tactile method .
The strength of this film hinges on the strength of Larson and Tremblay 's performances , and neither disappoint .
I remain struck by both the simplicity and tenderness of the narrative that is haunted by a deep tragedy .
Room takes a nightmarish premise in an impossibly contained set and turns it into one of this year 's most emotionally poignant films .
Though it is a mostly audience-accessible look at a devastating situation , it also does not shy away from the realities of just how something so drastic can change our reality .
A story of survival scripted by Emma Donoghue , from her novel about an imprisoned woman -LRB- the excellent Brie Larson -RRB- and her child .
If the measure of a story 's worth is the empathy you feel for the characters and the amount that you are unable to remove yourself from their circumstances , then Room succeeds by miles .
Room is a lithe , deeply moving wonder that builds to a miraculous coda .
-LSB- A -RSB- very moving portrait of motherhood , hope and determination , a brilliantly made film about the fight and right to freedom and the beauty of life .
In our webbed-up world of total information , it 's something we get to experience less and less of . Make the effort with this one , keep yourself rigorously uninformed ... Buy the ticket , take the ride .
Room is a harrowing , joyful experience that stays with you .
Room still manages to be strangely uplifting , and there is light and warmth beyond the darkness if you can bear to hold on that long .
A cathartic fable that 's much more about hope than pain .
To call the movie one of the great human achievements of recent cinema does not begin to describe the power that lives within its gripping frames .
As ugly as it gets
Room can be , at times , an almost unbearably emotional experience , but that 's a good thing . It feels good to feel so much at the movies .
Let 's get the dull part out of the way : yes , Brie Larson is fantastic .
-LSB- A -RSB- serious , thought-provoking drama with the bonus of pitch-perfect performances from its leads .
A mesmerising tale of hope , survival and -LRB- if we 're going to get all fancy about it -RRB- the sheer resilience of the human spirit .
Gripping , moving and profoundly thought-provoking .
Should Larson win the Oscar -- and I 'm sure she will , judging from the wind she 's riding -- it 's from her complex rendition of a mum forced to grow up and face the complications of the world along with her child .
With impressive performances , this experimental drama could 've been deeper with a better worked script . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This is a film that trusts its audience , and takes its time letting them in on the particulars of what these two are doing in this room .
Lapses of plausibility aside , it 's a moving testament to the indomitability of the human spirit , though it 's a pretty unsettling one .
Room is an ephemeral moment in time and I will always remember it with fondness because there 's no way in hell I 'm watching it again .
`` Room '' is lowest common denominator goop , so interested in feeling that it neglects to say or do .
A terrifying film with no supernatural elements , just the cruelty and perversion that come natural to human beings . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Chilling , emotional and ultimately rewarding , Room may be a difficult watch , but that does n't mean you should n't try .
Abrahamson is never less than sensitive in his handling , never close to exploitation . It 's a tough film , not easy to watch but equally hard to take your eyes off .
Room is the black horse of the season & the greatest way to give credit to independent cinema , as well as authors turning their own production into screenplays .
The last moments of Room end with a whisper - one barely audible above the sobs and sniffles of the audience . Like so much of Room , it is perfect .
The result is vague and confused . A movie tha happens mostly inside a room does n't know about the importance of concretion . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
A brilliant and heart-wrenching drama , Room richly deserves all the accolades it has received .
Brie Larson and Jacob Tremblay offer a couple of performances so out of series that are literally unforgettable . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The most interesting is that even though the story could be very dark , the director injects a hopeful tone that moves and makes it an experience . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
With an outstanding , Oscar-winning performance from Brie Larson and a mostly-compelling narrative , Room makes for an intriguing and powerful character piece .
Brie Larson 's work as the protective mother is more than remarkable , but the film is leaded by the young Jacob Tremblay . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A painful but necessary goodbye to the years where imagination and mother 's love is all there is . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The movie works fantastically thanks to its cast 's great chemistry and talent . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Even while the premise might be grim , director Abrahamson finds the beauty in each situation by concentrating on what makes the characters human , in this case their resilience .
Room 's omissions are the more sinister kind that the Oscars have long been guilty of ... reducing complicated development and trauma to a sententious paste .
An unsentimental yet incredibly compassionate film about maternal love .
It 's movies like this one that made fall in love with cinema in the first place . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The problem with the film is that the second halfs is terrible , or maybe , the first 50 minutes are so amazing that the second halfs does n't live up to it . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Room has strong staying power . ... -LSB- I found -RSB- something deeply , hurtfully familiar about it . We all can name a ` Room ' that we 've experienced .
Leaving lots of room for interpretation , this is a film that is both unconfortable as it is moving . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Room offers us a quality dramatic experince , touching without evident effort and top notch performances by the two leads . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A great film that embraces the love of mother and child as a treasure to protect and defend . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Room is a film that 's good and yet it 's frustrating to watch it flirt with greatness so often but never consistently hit its emotional mark beyond the strength of its two leads .
Room has an impressive potential , but it decides soon to leave behind all the possibilities for a more solid and overwhelming drama . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A fascinating tale that 's vigorously dark . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Oscar 's material in sight . Forgettable . One hit wonder . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
You have to applaud the work by director Lenny Abrahamson and screenwritter Emma Donoghe in creating believable characters with honest emotions to allow a balance with the extraordinary circumstances they 're put in . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Room is an irritating film thanks to its initial premise and frustrating becuase of all the missed opportunities . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -LSB-
Since Jack uses a succession of nouns to describe his living space , I 'll string together a bunch of adjectives to describe Room : harrowing , truthful , lean , heartbreaking and -LRB- surprisingly -RRB- life-affirming .
Perhaps its most significant achievement is its ability to make one greater appreciate every sense the world has for us to experience .
A film where what happens or how it ends goes to second term . This is an amazing cinematic experience . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
One of the mos touching and humane films I 've seen in recent years . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Larson 's transmutation -LRB- from a protective mother to a young woman that crumbles because of her guilt -RRB- is subtle and craftily handled without victimizing her nor falling in melodramatic temptaions that would increase her suffering . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Chemistry between the two leads is amazing and Larson could easily win an Oscar , but just being nominated is a triumph . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
There 's no denying that Room starts from a dark place , but that does not necessarily make it a bleak film .
that rarest of films : one that finds a genuine sense of uplift out of the most despairing of situations without ever feeling forced or mawkish
Full of hope .
The emotional effect from such a foggy aesthetic is a film that feels lost in itself . Like Jack , Room seems to be in the process of coming to terms with its own existence .
A chilling story that becomes more intriguing for being told from the point of view of its most innocent character . -LSB- Full review in Portuguese . -RSB-
Room is both horrifying and inspiring . It shows us the best and worst of the human condition .
A haunting , uncomfortable , occasionally voyeuristic movie , which ultimately serves as a life-affirming evocation of the durability and resilience of the human spirit . Brilliant .
One of the most extraordinary films of the year , this drama cleverly weaves in events from the news headlines to tell a raw , deeply involving story that 's unnervingly personal .
By the nature of its conflict in Room , the movie holds from its two protagonist . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Dabbles in tough stuff , but holds a lot of its details at a remove .
-LSB- Brie Larson 's -RSB- phenomenal , and very much deserving of the Oscar , but Jacob Tremblay 's performance as her son Jack is so stunning , he more or less asserts his own status as the film 's actual protagonist .
Although cast members other than Larson and Tremblay do eventually appear , this is nevertheless built entirely upon their characterisations , and both are quite brilliant in deeply challenging roles .
Room is a powerful imagining of an extraordinary situation , but it 's also a poignant evocation of the ordinary , everyday intensity and complexity of the bond between mother and child .
Abramson accomplish to trap us and moving us making us witnesses of a terrible situation without exaggeration in a direct and clean way . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Despite its grim subject matter , Room never wallows in darkness , but instead stares defiantly into the light .
At the heart of Room is the tenderness and interdependence of mother and son . The nuanced , believable performances of the very young Tremblay and the wonderful Brie Larson bring to life a bond that is repeatedly tested and affirmed .
... holds you in a vice for much of its running time , and how could it not ?
Room has the combined talents of Larson , Allen and Tremblay behind it , but it boasts a banality that robs it of the punch that it needs . This is low impact cinema , but not entirely without its merits .
An Oscar nominated film that 's more about relationships between mothers and sons that being kept captive . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An honest film that can be sometimes a little dark , but also full of hope at the same time . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The feature as a whole may not match Larson 's performance , but as a Brie Larson-delivery device , Room is second to none .
The first half of the film , all taking place inside Room , filled with action and suspense , is intense , engaging and intriguing , with the best , most inventive writing . It is n't sustained , though
It 's powerful and arresting , although it may fall short of delivering the psychological impact for which the novel is known
Larson 's economical , yet electrifying performance is all but guaranteed to win her the next Best Actress Oscar . Her intimate chemistry with young Tremblay -LRB- also unbelievably strong , in totally different ways -RRB- is a force that can not be denied throughout .
Room is a most extraordinary achievement , finding light and love and hope in even the darkest of places .
Abrahamson 's film does the virtually unimaginable : It stares down inhumanity and , in the process , emerges as perhaps the year 's most uplifting cinematic experience . Room wo n't win Best Picture but it will win your admiration . Maybe even your heart .
Larson delivers every line to perfection and , as it happens , there 's not one weak link in the cast .
Sounds like heavy going , and at times it is , but it 's also utterly compelling and Larson 's performance - which has already started picking up major awards - really is remarkable .
Told with intelligence and discretion , Room is distinguished by exceptional performances .
Room is superbly acted but is , ironically , less convincing in the `` real '' world than the `` fake '' one established by Ma to protect her son in the room .
Abrahamson has the intelligence to trust his cast to show us the world through their eyes . And oh , what a world it is .
Room , though an improvement on the source novel , remains a prisoner of its limited point of view .
A soul-stirring feel-good weepie .
Both uplifting and thought-provoking , thanks to impressive direction , a superb script and a pair of pitch-perfect performances from Larson and Tremblay .
Room offers highly imaginative and , at times , visionary film-making that transcends its claustrophobic settings and defies genre stereotyping .
The film 's problem ... lies in its efforts to convert the story into a metaphor for something larger .
It is as compelling as it is frightening .
The excellent Larson explores the psychology of a kidnap victim . Room deserves its place on the Oscar shortlist .
It 's a shoo-in for the top ten list of this or any other year .
Room is a moving , heartbreaking portrait of familial love in the face of insurmountable odds , but it also explores the complexity and hypocrisy of what we think of as `` reality '' , as seen through Jack 's eyes .
No praise is too high for the amazing Tremblay ... And the peerless Larson charts every shift in perspective of a child-woman forced to mature in unthinkable ways before her time .
We are left with a film that manages a degree of optimism in the most unpromising circumstances . It is a substantial achievement .
This is a disturbing and absorbing film , shrewdly acted , particularly by Larson . It lets the audience in ; it does not just let the nightmare stun them into submission .
Room ... is not a thriller , but a moving feminist tract which explores questions of what it means to be a mother , what it means to give love , and what it means to receive it .
No lurid exploitationer but a thoughtful , at times poetic meditation on how one endures and makes bearable a nightmarish dilemma .
Room avoids tabloid sensationalism completely and seeks to explore its tremendously challenging subject with honesty .
The film derives much of its power , during the times it is powerful , from its central performances .
It 's a story so abhorrent and seemingly hopeless that there may be times you do n't want it to go on , but within its tight confines Lenny Abrahamson , with a script by Emma Donoghue , finds warmth and hope .
This is a gripping film , and not to be missed .
It 's hard to think of a movie adaptation of a book that feels truer and more loyal to its source than Room .
It 's a deeply satisfying , profoundly moving adaptation of a popular novel , an all-too-rare occurrence in modern Hollywood .
Room is upsetting and challenging ; a film that is nearly impossible to watch at times . But that grim horror gives way to transcendence , turning one of the darkest movies in recent memory into an awe-inspiring act of beauty .
It is a deeply intimate introduction to sordid , extraordinary circumstances , and a cramped stage for two of the year 's finest performances .
Room is astonishing : It transmutes a lurid , true-crime situation into a fairy tale in which fairy tales are a source of survival .
It 's a brutal , wonderful performance , bolstered by the screenplay , which Donoghue adapted herself . Clever , nimble , and smart , it gives these actors room to truly work , all of which is supported by Abrahamson 's sharp direction .
Jack 's inability to connect with his new environment is devastatingly rendered , aided tremendously by Tremblay 's remarkably credible performance , and Larson 's palpable pain .
It will remind you of the lifeline that love and hope and courage can provide in the darkest of circumstances and rooms .
As remarkable as Larson and Tremblay are individually , it 's the interaction between them that takes Room to its emotional heights . Their depiction of a mother and child ... is a joy to experience .
Room is a good movie with a great performance at its core . Larson 's career was already going places ... But Room will be remembered as the movie that etched her permanent place on the map .
This movie is a wonder in several ways . The casting is sharp and the performances of such a caliber that awards talk is unavoidable .
Larson 's impressively focused acting never lets you blink-she 's bonded in a tight inner circle , with the superb , young Tremblay . Whenever director Lenny Abrahamson has the two together , he never goes wrong .
Room begins with a ripped-from-the - tabloids premise and then systematically rejects every bit of conventional wisdom regarding how that premise might unfold .
Director Lenny Abrahamsson brings out the underlying dynamic of sanctuary versus prison with flying colors , aided by Jacob Tremblay 's sincere , wonderstruck performance as little Jack .
Arresting and heartbreaking , wrought with extremes of tension and love , Room is as evocative and unforgettable on screen as in the bestselling novel that inspired it .
Another in a line of original and unique films that -LSB- Brie -RSB- Larson makes her own , delivering one of the most layered and heartbreaking performances of the year .
While watching this unforgettable film , I pondered the nature of humanity , so capable of good and evil , and the righteous bond between mother and child .
This movie , memorably , asks us what life means in a big world that is beyond our control and how we are shaped by the confined scope of our upbringing . It demands attention .
Watching Room is essentially the act of barely breathing and nearly crying for two hours .
2015 's most multi-layered film . It 's complex , charming , a little frightening , but ultimately it 's a wholly unique viewing experience unlike anything I 've seen in years .
Emotionally exhausting , `` Room '' is a film that you will continue to think of long after you 've left the theatre .
It is a great , original , story and very compelling . The film is also expertly directed by Lenny Abrahamson -LRB- ` Frank ' -RRB- who does a great job of showing us the world through the eyes of a child . This is one of the year 's best films .
Brie Larson gives a sensational performance in a demanding role .
Room demands not just to be seen , but felt-and the feelings echo long after you 've left the theater . This is destined to be one of the year 's best and most celebrated films .
Brie Larson and Jacob Tremblay are the reason to see this fine rendering of Emma Donoghue 's unusual and contained novel of the same name .
The resulting film is twisted and amazing , anchored by tremendous performances from Larson and especially 8-year-old Tremblay .
If acting awards are given not for mastery of craft or career achievement but for the impact of a performance on an audience , then go ahead and give 'em all this year to Jacob Tremblay , who was only 7 years old when he acted in ` Room . '
A stunning , soul-stirring , not-to-be-missed film . Brie Larson is beyond superb . Young Jacob Tremblay matches her note for note .
Tremblay , who was actually 8 when the film was shot , holds up well in a demanding role . This movie does n't work without Larson , though .
This dramatic thriller is small-scale but profound , with great performances from Larson and a young Tremblay .
For all the suffocating claustrophobia at the outset , it contrasts beautifully with the cathartic deep breaths in the second half .
A challenging and triumphant look at the pangs of parenthood .
Room will leave you battered , bruised and exhausted , but it 's unlike any other moviegoing experience you will encounter this year .
Highly-acclaimed -- and admittedly unusual -- tale that does n't live up to its premise or its reception .
It 's still a terrific manifestation of the truth behind fairy tales -- both their underlying horror , and their goal of keeping children safe .
Movie theaters keep adding new amenities , from recliner seats to fancy bars and restaurants . But where are the Sobbing Lounges for those of us who have just seen `` Room '' ?
Quietly devastating and surprisingly uplifting . I spend at least half of the film 's running time on the verge of tears .
Brie Larson stands on the shoulders of her 2013 film Short Term 12 and establishes herself as one of the top craftspeople in her trade , laying out years of unspeakable horror with a gesture or a tremble .
Room is one of 2015 's most well-constructed films , with astonishing performances so authentic that you will be moved to tears , among other emotions .
Room is a tender observation of a mother/son relationship masquerading as a suspense film .
The movie is still sticking to me , like a sweat-soaked T-shirt after a night of dark , distressed dreams .
ROOM . Even the word stands in isolation . There is no `` The '' to give it a sense of meaning , nor any descriptive to give it a sense of occasion . It is `` ROOM : '' A word , a place , an idea of structure unto itself .
It 's pretty special stuff as offered up by Donoghue and director Lenny Abrahamson .
Heartbreaking , heartwarming and heart-stopping , it 's one of the best movies of the year .
Not a word or a gesture seems false .
An emotional emotional roller coaster ride that is at turns touching , harrowing , crushing and flat-out beautiful .
When everything 's new , learning your previously limited world is in fact boundless is just another lesson to accept on the path to growing up .
A moving , lyrical meditation on love , imagination , bravery , strength , happiness , home , holding on and letting go , looking back and moving on , and the unbreakable , unshakeable bond between a mother and child .
This film will linger in your heart long after the lights go up in the theater . It 's the best movie of the year .
Room is ultimately not something you 'd readily call enjoyable , but it is a cathartic and provocative reminder that life is full of possibilities and outcomes .
It 's an enormously powerful film , one wrought with emotional vulnerability as it shows the worst of human nature in Old Nick and the best in Ma and Jack and their unwavering love .
The special bond between Ma and Jack is the emotional vise that glues you to the screen . You laugh and cry with them , fear for them and finally embrace their triumph .
Its action peaks early and the second half does n't resonate as strongly as the first , but Larson and Tremblay radiate a warmth that transcends the screen .
Think of `` Room '' as `` Boyhood '' as it might have been made by David Fincher .
By its lyrical end , you recognize anew the beauty of small miracles - sunshine , a backyard , a new morning , an open door .
A cowardly movie about brave people .
Sure , your stomach will be in knots , your fingers clenched , your heart racing . But it will also fill that heart with a sense of the goodness , the courage , the enduring love that is out there to be discovered ...
If you 've already read the book , you may not like the movie quite as much , but I bet you 'll enjoy seeing a faithful re-telling . And if you have n't yet read the book , the movie should whet your appetite for that beautifully told tale .
What happens in this tiny space gives you more to think about than 10 blockbuster action films .
With visual and psychological precision , Abrahamson brilliantly evokes the experience of living outside of everyday reality . And he does so without resorting to either creepiness or sentimentality .
Hollywood insists on healing and closure , but Room is more interested in the wonder of childhood , regardless of circumstances .
It may seem like an intolerable sit , but to miss seeing `` Room '' means skipping one of the best pictures of the year .
Room is n't merely a thriller ; like our lives , it winds onward past immediate trauma , because Donoghue knows that freedom is only half the battle .
Room is honest and challenging but it 's more uplifting than one might expect from a film with such a horrific backstory .
A devastatingly effective piece of entertainment .
Stark yet tender , managing to find salvation after lightly indicated but genuine horror ... Unspeakable , unfathomable , unthinkable , but here we are at Room ... unnerving screen acting of a high order .
Larson delivers on the promise of her attention-getting performance in 2013 's `` Short Term 12 , '' while Tremblay embodies the innocence and resilience of childhood in a way movies rarely capture .
Tremblay is a remarkable find , a scene-stealer whose naturalism brings their scenes together with humour , sadness and fear .
For two hours , Larson and Tremblay make their struggles our struggles , Ma and Jack 's perceptions challenging our own ... the most potent pairing on screen this year .
`` Room '' is a touching and thought-provoking film -- one of the best so far this year .
`` Room '' is a powerful , emotionally-charged drama that should be an Oscar contender on many levels .
There are no cheap Hollywood thrills , no manipulations , no special effects . Just nail-biting suspense . And that probing question : What would we do if this were us ?
This is one of those situations in which mere words seem insufficient in describing a film 's profoundly moving power .
pure transcendence
Room is a truly beautiful work regarding the inextricable bonds between mother and child , and the capacity of the human mind to transcend the body , to continue on when all else appears lost .
Wrenching
Fresh , just barely . Beautifully acted miserabilist slog .
Most of all , the movie is a life-embracing story of a mother-child bond and the strength and beauty of a mother 's love , made stirring by its lead performers .
Room , the new film based on the best-selling Emma Donoghue novel of the same name , is a perfect example of how to execute something very tricky : translating a first-person-perspective novel to film .
All involved manage to pull it off , thanks in great part to the stellar performances by Larson and Tremblay . -LRB- Full Content Review - Sex , Violence , Profanity , etc. - for Parents also available -RRB-
The wisest element of -LSB- Emma -RSB- Donoghue 's screenplay and director Lenny Abrahamson 's approach to the material is the narrative 's point of view .
Part captivity thriller and part gut-wrenching familial drama , `` Room '' strikes a number of emotional chords that will make it tough to ignore this awards season .
The end result is a profound work of genuine emotional heft - two hours of hope surrounded by the worst conceit imaginable . Miracles , even in a place as dire as Room , do come true .
`` Room '' could turn mawkish at any moment , or merely sentimental . That it stays honest and true is a tribute to its makers .
It works on a tiny canvas , but in doing so it emphasizes that great things can be accomplished in tight spaces , whether a single room or the chamber of our minds .
Room works as a film because of the completely engaging performances from Brie Larson and Jacob Tremblay .
A strong , remarkably acted tale of the bond between mother and child tested by the most extreme circumstances .
Almost everything seen in the first half of Room will set an audience to wondering : `` What would I do ? How would I cope ? ''
This is one of the best movies of the decade .
The first half of this Irish-Canadian indie is so depressing I could barely stand it , but in the second half my emotional investment paid off handsomely .
A potentially sensational premise is handled with grace and incisiveness in Room , Lenny Abrahamson 's adaptation of Emma Donoghue 's best-selling novel .
Room begins as a mystery . Slowly , it reveals itself to be a story of survival , first physical , then emotional and psychological .
A closely observed testament to what parents and children learn first-hand every day : the pride and pain of separation , and the discovery , empowerment and liberation to be found in simply growing up .
`` Room '' goes its own way , in a state of poetic realism that can break your heart .
Abrahamson paces the movie as though the audience were in the palm of his hand , so that he follows slow scenes with musical interludes in which nothing happens , and he keep this up for 118 long , long minutes .
`` Room '' is a terrific movie , one that has two outstanding performances , confident direction and a story line that is both harrowing and moving .
An affecting drama approached from an uncommonly perceptive angle .
The movie that finally should turn Larson from hugely underrated to a justly recognized talent .
While Jack on the page exhausted me , I was amazed by the actor who plays him , Jacob Tremblay .
A beautiful and humane response to inhumanity .
There 's acting , there 's ACTING and then there 's what Brie Larson and Jacob Tremblay achieve here , which is something closer to a small miracle .
One of the year 's best films .
-LSB- Jacob Tremblay 's performance -RSB- will rank as one of the best modern juvenile acting feats , so lacking in self-consciousness that it 's seamless .
A tender , heartfelt tearjerker that genuinely earns its tears . Brie Larson and Jacob Tremblay give Oscar-worthy performances . Do n't be surprised if you see it on many Top 10 lists .
Couched in reality and replete with great performances Room is a well done , topical film that succeeds by all measures and I do appreciate it greatly . But I still do n't like it .
It 's a little masterpiece . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The film , an indictment in part of the culture 's fascination with the lurid details of cases like these , is harrowing , wrenching and redemptive .
Moving , real , surprising and dramatic ... a delicate balance ably handled by director , Abrahamson . See it before letting the buzz seep in ...
Room deserves to be seen unspoiled . All you need to know is that the performances of Larson and Tremblay will blow you away . OK , Room is a small movie , but its impact is enormous .
On the page , we can fill in the gaps with our own imagination , but `` Room '' is content to offer us Jack 's while Ma 's endured horrors remain confined in words .
Room is a sensitive and even uplifting but very realistic psychological drama about abuse , depression , courage , and a lot more , even if the story of its inciting situation is terrifying , especially for women .
It 's all blink-and-miss close-ups of their cluttered , cramped space , mimicking how Jacob has never tired of seeing the same-old for the five years he 's been alive .
I would n't say it 's Best Picture worthy , but I 'll be mighty pissed off if it does n't get some acting noms ; #LarsonForActress -LRB- and heck , #TremblayForSupporting -RRB- begin now .
... just enough beauty here to keep it from drowning in darkness , but not enough to cheapen what 's at stake .
Difficult to watch but beautifully performed survival tale .
What could have been a sordid , exploitive film is really a tribute to a mother 's love , and a child 's imagination .
`` Room '' gets in its own way so much that it seems to apologize for what it is : an important exploration of post-traumatic suffering and resilience .
`` Room '' is several things by turn : creepy , frightening , exhilarating and then frightening and exhilarating all over again .
Larson is one of the finest young actors making movies today and her interaction with the gifted Tremblay is natural , fiercely devoted , and deeply moving .
While it flickers with grace and imagination during its initial half , largely because of Jack , it devolves into a dreary , platitudinous therapy movie in its second ...
The film goes on , in unsettling fashion , past the point when news media usually stop caring about nightmares like this . And Larson goes on with it , showing us that she never really leaves her Room .
Beautifully rendered and acted drama about a young captive and her remarkable bond with the child she bore while held prisoner is a potent award-season contender .
A small container for a host of enthralling ideas about child development , the maternal bond , the nature of reality , the psychic cost of repression and the existential perils , as well as the ineffable joys , of freedom . How do they all fit ?
This remarkable adaptation is unnerving , intimate and surprisingly cool . You 'll be as moved , curious and safe as you might want to be .
Room should hit home with everyone who worries about how to tell the generation behind them what lies ahead-especially when we ca n't always see what 's in front of ourselves .
Dopey as the film is on a plot level , it 's equally vapid in its psychology .
Abrahamson is fascinated by happiness and hope : how Jack can see joy in this dungeon , and how Joy can dream of freedom when her son ca n't comprehend that there 's anywhere else to go .
A glorious experience that transcends its simple dramatic premise . You would have to be fairly heartless not to be moved by it .
An extraordinary film so powerful and unforgettable that it must be seen .
Though it goes to places as dark as any you could imagine , Room carries at its heart a message of hope : Two people in four walls can create a world worth surviving for , if they love each other enough .
`` Room ' is a soul-searing celebration of the impenetrable bond that endures even under the most unbearable of circumstances between a parent and a child .
A riveting tour de force featuring a pair of powerful performances by co-stars Brie Larson and Jacob Tremblay .
Anchored by two tremendous performances from Brie Larson and young Jacob Tremblay , `` Room '' mixes an emotionally harrowing story with classic film techniques that surprises even the most dedicated movie-goer .
The film , never sensational or saccharine , is a tough but tender tribute to the creative power of maternal love .
I wish I could have stopped the film - numerous times - simply to give myself a chance to step back from an emotional precipice of horror and tension .
What 's it like for a kidnapped mother and daughter to live together in one room for seven years and never leaving it ? `` Room '' has two excellent performances to tell us .
Much of Room survives in the subtext , with Larson 's performance in particular so full of subtlety and nuance .
A heartbreaking , profound and tremblingly taut experience , that plays almost as an upside down version of Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland ...
Room may not be a pleasant place to spend two hours , but it 's an unsettling experience you wo n't forget .
Resilient & cathartic , combining a wondrous metaphor with a suspenseful thriller ...
Room becomes something specific and something genuinely powerful .
I think Abrahamson understands that Jack is more than a little f ***** - up . If that 's true , Room has betrayed him terribly , too .
-LSB- G -RSB- ives the tear ducts a workout .
A devastating , must-see movie . Finds hope and tenderness in an inhuman situation .
Funny , sad , and powerfully moving , the only time I closed my eyes in Room was to wipe the tears from beneath my eyelids .
See it without tissues at your own risk .
It 's good , but also a somewhat glassy experience , lacking the cathartic lift-off we might have anticipated .
An emotional roller-coaster with dazzling performances by Brie Larson and Jacob Tremblay .
See it you must for the Oscar-caliber Larson and young Tremblay , whose remarkable mother-and-child bond is nothing sort of astonishing to watch .
It 's a juicy , challenging role for an actress , one that the film 's star , Brie Larson , handles with restraint and sensitivity .
Room ultimately is n't always the easiest picture to sit through , and yet it 's difficult to recall a more successful book-to-film adaptation .
Abrahamson has made a deeply moving story about how adults try to explain the world to their children - even when they do n't always understand it themselves .
Once the story opens up , a good deal of tension goes out , but Larson 's performance carries Room through to the end .
With two lead remarkable lead performances , Room is a powerfully moving story told from a strongly distinct inside perspective .
Room is a delight , a film both thoughtful and moving , with at times an astonishing capacity to get under one 's skin .
So fraught with tension that I kept waiting for something worse to happen , because it always could .
If Abrahamson were as gifted with a camera as he was with his cast -LRB- he inspires subtlety even from the tiny Tremblay -RRB- , Room could have been truly worthy of the astonishing performances that provide its foundation .
`` Room '' has unforgettable , must-witness performances and its soulful mother and son narrative is one of the most touching dynamics you 'll see in theaters this year .
Involving and moderately heartwarming here and there , even if does n't reach the higher levels of psychological insight and emotional profundity to which it aspires .
Brie Larson and Jacob Tremblay give this truncated but still-powerful adaptation of Emma Donoghue 's novel its beating heart .
Abrahamson seamlessly translates Donaghue 's work into cinematic terms .
Lenny Abrahamson guides Jack Temblay to the finest performance by a young actor since Quvenzhané Wallis in `` Beasts of the Southern Wild . ''

@highlight

Led by incredible work from Brie Larson and Jacob Tremblay , Room makes for an unforgettably harrowing -- and undeniably rewarding -- experience .