The leads are played with freshness and mischief by Lika Babluani as Eka and Mariam Bokeria as Natia .
This film out of Georgia -LRB- the country , not the state -RRB- depicts a society not far removed from anarchy , or the Middle Ages , for that matter . There 's not much light or laughter in this grim tale of limited choices .
Directors Nana Ekvtimshvili and Simon Gross adopt the long , contemplative takes of the new wave ; much of the film feels familiar , but the location shooting and period details are nicely drawn , a result of Ekvtimshvili 's autobiographical script .
The performances are naturalistic and severe , especially the highly volatile families , where shouting matches are almost traumatising to hear and to watch . But ... the film ends without having said enough to satisfy us
There are moments that are powerful to Ekvtimishvili that are more likely merely glancing to the audience , but the unadorned performances and air of unease combine for a film rich in social realism .
Portraying lives a universe away from the malls and frippery of their Western counterparts , Eka -LRB- Lika Babluani -RRB- and Natia -LRB- Mariam Bokeria -RRB- cope with food shortages , bullying , bad families , a ramshackle education system -LSB- and -RSB- forced marriages .
The young actresses however are sublime in their roles .
This is a story of adolescence and female friendship under pressure , explored with a quietly engrossing combination of familiarity and strangeness .
Babluani and Bokeria are completely believable as the two teenagers who have to grow up very quickly , and a long , uninterrupted scene in which the former dances , alone , at her friend 's wedding is a highlight of an extremely engaging movie .
Teen life in In Bloom is tense , terse , gritty , and galvanising , but for its characters , heartbreakingly , there is no other alternative .
The viewer becomes keenly aware that she is only getting part of the story . But when the truth is so troubling , sometimes part of the story is more than enough .
The two nonprofessional actresses shine .
The centrifugal force is supplied by two stunning lead turns by Babluani and Bokeria .
As civility and sympathy prove to be in ... short supply , the girls ' unwavering devotion to each other makes for absorbing drama .
This terrifically engaging work raises important questions about universal experience and cultural context - in this case , the search for independent female identity in a society all but suffocated by the threat of violence .
Bold and brassy , Georgia 's Best Foreign Film entry may not be the cheeriest viewing but it 's still a compelling coming-of-age drama .
Unpredictable , never forced , and forever compelling .
This tense and naturalistic tale of Georgian youth in revolt offers a clever new twist on the tired teen movie .
Co-director Nana Ekvtimishvili 's script , nurtured on memories of her own childhood , becomes more focused , even sourly funny , as it evolves .
As arthouse coming-of-age films go , this is brilliant -- smart and sensitive with a screw-you feminist streak .
Among the best features to come recently out of Eastern Europe , featuring the tough-minded cinematography of Romania 's Oleg Matu , who shot 4 Months , 3 Weeks , and 2 Days .
Despite the seeming inevitability of tragedy and despair , `` In Bloom '' remains true to its title .
The world painted by directors Nana Ekvtimishvili and Simon GroB is almost relentlessly grim , and even the giggles of two schoolgirls get drowned .
The film accurately reflects the girls ' numbness , but it is devoid of sustaining emotional impact . Eka and Natia 's full pain is oddly remote .
Like a bomb triggered to go off , In Bloom builds in the viewer 's gut , a drama coiled to attack .
While `` In Bloom '' offers an authentic slice of life from a particular time and place , it never gets close enough to its characters , physically or emotionally , to really hit home .
A fascinating snapshot of a country at war with itself -LRB- literally , eventually -RRB- as seen through the eyes of two teenage girls , whose lives are complicated enough as it is .
The excellent new drama In Bloom , Georgia 's Oscar entry in the foreign-language category , has the heartbreak and hope of a country slipped inside a coming-of age-story of two 14-year-old girls .
This haunting coming-of-age film is set in a country that itself is coming of age .
This adroit and understated coming-of-age film reminded me of the New Wave of Czech films in the 1960s , but with a distinctive poignancy that translates to wisdom .
In Bloom is a beautiful but cynical look at adolescence that argues coming-of-age brings new hardships along with it .
A tender , heartfelt and understated coming-of-age story that becomes slightly uneven when introducing thriller elements .
The directors stay close on their characters and let scenes play out in handheld long takes , so that the miseries inflicted never feel distant or clinical , but immediate .
It 's appropriately weighty and filled with loss-of-innocence undertones and some fun cultural detours , yet the film 's odd flatness makes it hard to invest in .
A neorealist jewel about a country unlucky enough to enjoy being `` liberated '' from socialism .
It 's a universal story that is also , by virtue of its very particular time and place , a singular experience .
Where the two directors , Georgia 's Nana Ekvtimishvili and Germany 's Simon Gross , excel most is in the performances they capture from the two leads .
It matter-of-factly lays out the predicaments of its characters , balancing a strong , implicit feminist sensibility with a sympathetic sense of the power of tradition .
The double meaning becomes clear early on . What takes longer to recognize is the title 's bitter irony .
In Bloom so triumphantly , albeit modestly , transcends its category that it 's really quite special .
First-time writer-director revisits her bittersweet Tblisi childhood .
An absorbing , intelligently assembled coming-of-ager that revolves around two pubescent gal-pals growing up in 1992 , just after independence was restored .
Its two nonprofessional child actors ably reflect the terror of the times .
Keenly observed , geographically specific portraits of adolescence are always welcome , but there 's definitely something to be said for charging the genre 's usual tender lyricism with an ever-present threat of life-altering violence .
Girls become women as the nation of Georgia awkwardly tries on its own independence in this sluggish period piece , set in post-Soviet 1992 and alternating earnest emotions and a stunted plot .
The site of the action , the pummeled landscape of revolution and war , is n't incidental -- it 's what their generation has inherited , alongside disorder and dissent .
The foreclosure of possibilities provided by the use of the long take assists in the indictment of chauvinism and patriarchal brutality that underpin , directly and indirectly , many moments in the film .

@highlight

A coming-of-age drama entwined with a political statement , In Bloom underscores its well-worn themes with strong performances and palpable real-world tension .