The basic premise of the film could have made for an engaging and far-out watch . The very concept of the Rapture could have been depicted with power and mystery , but instead the opposite is achieved in a film that just looks slapdash .
Overt Christian messages and Cage 's omnipresence are not the only reasons why Left Behind is a terrible movie . And yes , it 's indeed terrible-god-awful , a less interesting , more convoluted version of the original Left Behind .
This new film is a watered-down and somewhat changed version of the earlier movie with a bigger budget and not much else . There is barely enough undercooked scriptural theology to critique in the vacuous writing and painful acting .
There 's no drama . No suspense . No real stakes , even , because most of the movie takes place after the Rapture already happened .
The effects are hilarious , the sets are rinky-dink , and the character names are funnier than a full season of ` Big Bang Theory , ' and the `` narrative arc '' of our heroine is laughably predictable .
The only prayers Left Behind inspires are for Nicolas Cage 's career .
Ostensibly an exploration of biblical themes , Left Behind avoids any theological debate to revel unsuccessfully in the mass-hysteria created by God 's Rapture .
I never thought I 'd write this , but Kirk Cameron 's Left Behind , flawed as it is , looks and sounds better in almost every single way .
Outlandishly inept in every way , ` Left Behind ' is easily one of the worst movies of 2014 .
My goodness , what on earth is Nicolas Cage doing in this movie ?
A very circumscribed , boring thriller that director Vic Armstrong hobbles with a very quiet , non-urgent tone throughout .
The first movie made from this material was all about the Anti-Christ taking over the UN . This one 's about landing a plane .
I am now relatively certain there is a Hell and it is a darkened theater with no doors showing Left Behind on a loop for eternity .
Faith-driven audiences deserve better ...
The movie unravels in its own destruction . Every effort to milk the tragedy of the apocalypse is met with terrible music , acting and effects that soak -LRB- and drown -RRB- the pathos in camp fare .
Unfortunately , even after the rapture starts , Left Behind never picks up steam .
... may be one of the most inept films to ever see a wide theatrical release .
`` Left Behind '' is being marketed as Christian entertainment , but it does not qualify in either category .
I ca n't wait for Nic Cage to explain THIS one to God on Judgment Day .
Left Behind is n't a movie for progressive Christians any more than it 's a movie for people who appreciate top production values , convincing acting or superlative dialogue .
It 's bad alright , but not so bad it 's good . It 's just so bad it 's bad . And that 's too bad .
the most boring version of the Rapture I could have ever imagined
Left Behind is a generic plane crash into oblivion with Nicolas Cage at the wheel that attempts to shove its heartwarming ideals down your throat .
The heavy-handed sermonizing tends to compromise most of the suspense , and the overwrought climax is both ridiculous and unintentionally hilarious .
... it 's a much better film many times over than the 2000 version with Kirk Cameron ... which is to say it 's still a slightly below-average movie .
A shoo-in to clean up at the next Razzie Awards .
Not only is this an amateurish travesty combining fundamentalist Christian eschatology with disaster movie b.s. , but it 's plodding and tedious .
When you are following in the footsteps of Kirk Cameron , nothing good can come from that .
Left Behind feels almost intentionally incomplete and unsatisfying .
Left Behind is one of those films so deeply , fundamentally terrible that it feels unwittingly high-concept .
There are millions of Christians with average or above-average intelligence . I 'd like to think that I 'm one of them . So , what possessed the makers of `` Left Behind '' to produce such an ignorant piece of garbage that 's easily one of the worst films of 2014 ?
The spiritual lesson of the Rapture disaster Left Behind is simple : If actors pray enough , they can get out of this movie .
Aside from -LSB- its -RSB- faulty conceit , the movie , on a pure thriller level , is a massive collection of awkward , poorly written character moments and supposedly spectacular set pieces that are stretched far too thin .
It should have more smoldering panic bursting into full-blown freak-outs . It should have more passion , more intensity . It should have more bees .
Left Behind is biblical in its silliness .
It 's no shock to share that Cage is a major step up from Cameron , but it 's surprising to see the new Left Behind refuse the benefit of hindsight , content to make the same corny , labored film all over again .
Bargain-basement Evangelical stuff . Notice the devout Muslim passenger gets `` left behind '' . Belongs in a church basement , not a movie theater .
My version was the Jerry Bruckheimer Nicolas Cage running around an apocalyptic wasteland saving the world from the Antichrist . That 's not what Left Behind is .
It believes people might buy a ticket to Left Behind and not know the twist , like someone sitting down to watch Godzilla and being shocked by the entrance of a giant lizard .
While it might not be as cringe-worthy as the Kirk Cameron version , it still leaves a lot to be desired . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also Available -RRB-
A dismal , inane and laughable screenplay .
The movie is astoundingly awful on so many levels . I suspect that Bible thumpers and end-of-the-world fanatics will be `` en-raptured '' by its doom-and-gloom message , but for the rest of the movie-going public , it is an unintentionally laughable experience .
-LSB- T -RSB- he movie is just too silly , roundabout , and bungling to feel anything other than a little pity for it .
`` Left Behind '' is terrible because it 's poorly written , flat in tone and generally pandering to the faithful by not offering any complexity whatsoever .
Score one for Satan .
Featuring local-cable production values and dialogue that seems written by a crack team of Sunday schoolers , director Vic Armstrong 's `` Left Behind '' does no favors for the Christian proponents of its belief system ...
Forced to wait at least half an hour for the skeletal plot to kick in , we have plenty of time to notice the awkward dialogue and slapdash logic .
Longtime stuntman-turned-director Vic Armstrong manages the pacing well enough , although writers Paul Lalonde and John Patus leave plot holes big enough to handle a jumbo jet .
-LSB- A -RSB- clumsy religious thriller , clearly intended to introduce the material to a more mainstream crowd .
American Idol champ Jordin Sparks . . sings the end-credits ditty , `` I Wish We 'd All Been Ready . '' Viewers will wish that director Vic Armstrong and scripters Paul Lalonde and John Patus had been ready , too .
Left Behind seriously could have used some divine intervention .
Fans of the evangelical-Christian film genre ... should demand higher production values instead of blindly supporting a movie just because they appreciate its themes .
At best , Left Behind is shoddily made sensationalist propaganda-with atrocious acting-that barely registers as entertainment . At worst , it 's profoundly moronic .
`` Left Behind '' is a terrible movie , bad in almost every way , not even qualifying as so-bad-it 's - good material .
You expect this kind of shoddy work from a movie with the guy from ` Growing Pains , ' but not with the guy from ` Bangkok Dangerous . '
you 'll be praying for salvation from this awkward apocalypse
The Rapture wo n't come soon enough for the unfortunate souls forced to suffer through Left Behind .
With a Sharknado-inspired visual style and a deeply weary lead performance from Nicolas Cage , Left Behind is cheap-looking , overwrought kitsch of the most unintentionally hilarious order .
Unlike the Kirk Cameron version of Left Behind from 2000 , this one does n't have fire , plagues or any spectacular visual effects .
With so much emphasis on proselytizing , there 's little energy remaining for , you know , characters , plotting , dialogue ... pacing ...
`` Left Behind '' takes the end of the world and turns it not into a nightmare , but a nice long nap .
Cage is going for manly , if conflicted , family-guy confidence in this role , but somehow it comes off as nuttier than the events surrounding him .
Not very good , but not the utter embarrassment some seem to have expected .
A Great Cast Delivers High Drama in This Action-Thriler
This movie is the worst . And the best . I have n't laughed like that in a theater in a long , long time , and not one of those laughs was earned on purpose .
This Left Behind may be worse than the last Left Behind , but it 's much less boring , thanks in part to the commitment of its star , who plays the often ludicrous material with the straightest of faces . The Cage works in mysterious ways .
What has gone so horribly wrong in Cage 's career that he is forced to accept any paycheck that comes his way ?

@highlight

Yea verily , like unto a plague of locusts , Left Behind hath begat a further scourge of devastation upon Nicolas Cage 's once-proud filmography .