It 's like a protracted teen drama with a low-budget supernatural showdown tacked on the end .
An earnest and well-made character-based horror flick that 's simply not all that interesting .
... belongs alongside the horror genre 's myriad of other needless sequels ...
Not a single aspect of this film suggests that anyone involved in the production cared .
What do you call those guys who paint themselves silver and then stand still like statues ? This has one of those . A threatening one . So , if that sounds up your alley ...
a tedious , underwhelming cash grab if there ever was one - a cynical attempt to use the iconic bent-over-backwards image of a possessed girl and the name recognition of the first movie to swindle people out of their money .
There 's a lot to be said for restraint in a horror film , but the filmmakers went for too far of an extreme here .
Gone is the shaky-cam dynamic . Gone is the whole `` devil inside '' ideal , and gone is any reason to care or watch .
It all builds towards another sequel-ready ending , so expect this nonsensically titled series to run and run .
Writer/director Ed Gass-Donnelly 's film offers little ironic edge or incisive imagery , pushing far too hard with an unpleasant emphasis on sexuality , and ending up as a by-the-numbers rehash of the original film 's weakest elements .
It 's dreary , formulaic stuff that even manages to make a Mardi Gras parade look dull .
Too many things in Part II only happen because this is a film , with telegraphed sound effects travelling as fast as the speed of light . Only in Hollywood do such rules of physics apply .
When you qualify your movie as the `` last '' anything , a sequel seems a bit out of the question , but these new filmmakers have essentially relegated the 2010 original to a mere backstory .
if this ludicrously-titled follow-up sounds like a crass cash-in , ... the devil here is in the details , some of which are strikingly novel .
A movie that does n't go for the spectacular but slowly and surely a dullness pervades .
Too much creeping around and a lack of genuine creepiness doom this tepidly spooky experience .
By the time the kamikaze crows start dive-bombing the church windows , and the shape-shifting demon appears in a hoody and a Venetian carnival mask , the whole thing has degenerated into a mumbo jumbo gumbo .
It 's a bit disconcerting seeing the words `` Part II '' here .
The movie bellyflops abysmally in its second half .
An inventive Satanic shocker , which is much more than we expected .
Ultimately adds very little to the previous film apart from making a mockery of its title and paving the way for future instalments .
Those brave souls who do venture to the cinema to witness this demonic dirge can at least feel relieved that it 's nowhere near as dismal a viewing experience as The Devil Inside .
Poor Ashley Bell , a talented and capable actress done few favours in a film that is thoroughly risible from start to finish .
An exorcise in futility .
A stylistic departure from the shaky aesthetic of the first film . Sadly , most of its nervy shocks and creeping sense of unease go the same way .
Ashley Bell 's nuanced performance and a surprisingly pyrotechnic finale liven up a gloomy sequel .
We get this pallid , waifish film with a safe PG-13 , which allows for no nastiness , no filthiness , and one lonely F-bomb . I remember when demon flicks used to be dangerous and shocking .
So impoverished in every regard that it can not dare to dream of being something so impressive and respectable as `` ramshackle '' .
Ashley Bell is still the best thing about the franchise but even she ca n't rescue this one . No `` Part 3 '' please !
... a last moment burst of energy ... promises another sequel , one whose title will most likely contain the words lasty-last-last . If we 're lucky .
A generally effective sequel .
Somewhere deep inside The Last Exorcism Part II may lurk an intriguing idea for a character-based horror movie follow-up , but it never manages to quite tease it out .
One hell of a mess .
So many sequences are structured to build to a little jolt , that the pattern becomes predictable and tired . Especially since the first film set a high standard for originality , this sequel , which is helmed by a different creative team , disappoints .
Once the `` what is real , what is fantasy '' questions are answered , and exorcism part deux commences , The Last Exorcism Part II abandons its half-intelligent , tender exploration of Nell 's vulnerability and desirability .
The Last Exorcism should have been exactly that , because Part II is easily one of the worst horror sequels I 've ever seen .
When the creators of The Last Exorcism Part II swapped pseudo-verité realism for psychological realism , they made it a lot harder to take their franchise seriously ...
Here we have the three B 's of horror -- bland , bad and boring -- packed into 88 minutes -LRB- that seemed much longer -RRB- in a sequel that nobody asked for .
It has a better chance of boring you to death than inducing fear .
Everything that worked -- and worked exceedingly well -- in The Last Exorcism is absent from the sequel .
Filled with tortured , manipulative shock scares , it teasingly provides a setup for yet another supernatural sequel en route to the DVD roster .
Viewers are taunted with the possibility of witnessing a possessed chicken .
They promised us it was The Last Exorcism . They lied .
This feeble sequel makes even its lackluster predecessor look good -- or at least less terrible than it was .
You may not have paid for a ticket yet , but believe me , you have seen it all - in other , earlier - though not necessarily better - movies .
Scenes of solemn importance drag on to the point of self-parody in an attempt at establishing mood , while dialogue reeks of connect-the-dots spoonfeeding .
The Last Exorcism Part II is an effectively unnerving , slow-burn supernatural horror tale .
Now Bell can break out of the genre . She 's served her time .
Without spoiling anything , I will say that The Last Exorcism Part II ends on an open note that teases a legitimately engaging setup for a potential third movie . But really , the producers of this series should quit while they 're behind .
Unfortunately , no one involved seems to have bent over backwards to make the movie either original or even all that scary .
An abysmal sequel that abandons the found-footage concept , along with the pockets of wit and originality that made its predecessor salvageable .
We 're a little too jaded to be shaken by the idea that demonic possession is real , and the clichés of the genre -- the body that pops out from behind the doorway and turns out to be a friend rather than Beelzebub -- are past stale .
This matter-of-fact , brick-by-brick approach to building scares and tension probably wo n't work for audiences who just want to scream a lot , so Gass-Donnelly undercuts it all by haphazardly tossing in jump scares of the cheapest , most predictable kind .
An actress who suggests religious piety , carnal fire and satanic aggression with equal dexterity , Ms. Bell provides a pulse an audience can connect with amid the standard-issue atmospheric accouterments .
You 're sure to be disappointed if you 're looking for something similar to the first film .
Creepy atmospherics do n't compensate for the lack of genuine scares in this unimpressive follow-up .
Lacking the cleverness and élan of its title , `` The Last Exorcism Part II '' is complete crap that somehow manages to give idiotic demonic possession films a bad name .
A ridiculous sequel whose hackneyed plot and mundane direction undermine anything even remotely innovative or exciting about the original Last Exorcism .
An average and dull thriller ...
While there are a handful of decent spooky moments , it 's just more of the same old , same old that we 've come to expect from movies like this . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
At one point , the characters watch part of Daniel Stamm 's effective original online after the found footage from that film goes viral . Just that little part of the first movie is the best part of this one .
Among the film 's many sins committed , the worst may be teasing the presence of a demon chicken and then not delivering . That 's just not something you joke about .
Gass-Donnelly could have made a decent slow burn , but overly long , static shots paired with a script with zero build just results in a film that 's flat out boring .
A sure-handed sequel , but not a terribly thrilling one .
A cursory follow-up to a smart movie .
No shaky cam , no `` found footage , '' no preacher 's moment of truth , no urgency .
The director wisely steps back and permits the agitation to sink in slowly -- it 's a fright film that 's uncharacteristically patient and superbly crafted .
Has something on its mind and the testicular and/or ovarian fortitude necessary to go out with an unexpected , cathartic bang .
Regrettably , the film is n't much more than a series of moments , eventually becoming tedious before the 88-minute running time is up . It all feels very much tacked-on .
The avian-suicide thing was n't that scary when we saw it last week in Dark Skies .

@highlight

The Last Exorcism Part II ditches the found footage format for relatively earnest but deadly tedious psychological terror that devolves into hokum anyways .