Anthony Hopkins gives an eccentric performance in his second film with Roger Donaldson .
Hopkins ' joyous romp is a little slow for kids .
Ambushing audiences is n't easy for an actor like Anthony Hopkins , from whom we 've come to expect shouting routines . But he propels this biopic past familiar fish-out-of-water beats with a vibrant , wily , unpredictable joie de vivre not seen since `` Nixon . ''
A sweet , heartbreaking , road trip film ...
Movie does not try to turn elderly speedster Burt Munro into melodrama but simply allows his astounding achievements to speak for themselves .
An old-fashioned , consummate feelgood flick and a valedictory to eccentric , stubborn old coots everywhere .
This compelling fact-based story is -LSB- Donaldson 's -RSB- best effort in years .
It 's hard not to like Hopkins ' Burt Munro , which means it 's hard not to like The World 's Fastest Indian .
It creaks and splutters all the way , but Hopkins ' charm keeps it chugging along steadily .
This codger has a libido , which distinguishes him from most of the seniors in the movies .
Sweet but syrupy and formulaic .
It takes a while to adjust to this amiable film 's languorous tempo but you might find it 's worth the wait .
The film is itself an offering to the god of speed , but much more besides .
Hopkins presides as such an engaging old coot , it seems criminal to point out flaws in the film -- which rarely tries to be more than a Kiwi version of ` The Straight Story . '
A wonderfully uplifting and charming biopic that 's sure to win over all but the most mean-spirited . And the motorbike races really rocket , too .
A spellbinding road movie about a man with a dream , The World 's Fastest Indian tells not only a true story but introduces us to a priceless original .
Hopkins makes a thoroughly convincing argument that the need for speed does n't necessarily fade away in the so-called twilight years .
A real family treat .
Like old Burt Munro from down under , the movie 's a charmer .
The World 's Fastest Indian is n't so much a story about breaking records and gauging speed as it is about the kindness of strangers and the ultimate road trip .
The film races to euphoric speeds .
Essentially this oddly engaging -- sometimes just downright odd -- little movie is a feel-good sports movie for the art-house crowd .
There 's a compelling last act , with Munro burning his hands and bleeding to keep his bike alive for a record run . But it 's a long wait 'til then .
Built to charm , inspire , amuse and filled with surprises . A bit long but worth the ride .
`` The World 's Fastest Indian '' is a wonderful true-life story brought to life by an indefatigable Anthony Hopkins .
Seeing the usually elegant Hopkins with unkempt hair and grease under his fingernails is truly a sight to behold .
Like The Straight Story , only faster - this is an enjoyable , heartwarming feel-good drama with a terrific performance from Hopkins .
An eccentric man meets an eccentric dream -- and the result is an oddball delight of a motion picture .
Its lousy title notwithstanding , '' ` Indian '' is a winning character study of a crusty curmudgeon , played to the handlebars by Anthony Hopkins .
The World 's Fastest Indian brings a simplified , implausible and often untrue version of a story worth hearing , but I recommend it to anyone who needs proof that people past 60 have dreams , skills and/or sex lives .
A film for anyone who likes to walk away from the theater inspired .
Surprisingly , Donaldson makes this movie about a speed demon work by adopting the philosophy of the tortoise , not the hare : Slow and steady wins the race .
... you have to like a movie that so perniciously resists genrification , that seems at once so odd and strange and tender .
Yet another uplifting movie inspired by a true incident .
... portrays Munro with such an abundance of compassion and charm that it 's easier to overlook the film 's conventional flaws .
The laid-back result may not set any land speed records , but it is heck on wheels .
... basically this is Days of Thunder crossed with Pee-Wee 's Big Adventure .
You 'll be glad you came along for the ride ...
The movie really is n't about land-speed records , and it is n't about motorcycles . Instead , it 's about a man following his dream and not taking no for an answer .
This is Donaldson 's best film to date and yet another demonstration of the sheer brilliance of Anthony Hopkins .
An affectionate portrait of a real-life Kiwi record breaker that took director Roger Donaldson 30 years to bring to the screen .
Hopkins ' performance seems to embody the heart and sole of the man , the character , and the legend .
This fluffy outsider meringue is downright impossible not to swallow .
The character -LSB- Hopkins -RSB- plays , a New Zealand motorcycle racing enthusiast named Burt Munro , is simply easy to like . That 's what makes the movie watchable .
Runs on a rich performance by Hopkins ... Despite a few speed bumps , you can just sit back and enjoy the ride .
Donaldson never raises the stakes high enough for the audience to empathize with Munro , just to be amused by him .
Roger Donaldson crafts his little-movie-that-could with an eye towards maximum inspiration .
Hopkins transports a simple story about an aging man with an ageless dream into the stuff of legend .
A welcome relief from the onslaught of feel-good Disney `` based on a true story '' sports flicks that have begun to wear out their welcome .
Anthony Hopkins gives a performance that stands among his best , and the film has a quiet , straightforward style of storytelling that appealed to me .
Hopkins is unable to raise this movie above its flat , featureless plot .
Anthony Hopkins is so endearing in this film that you ca n't help being charmed by his character and the story , even if you do n't care about land speed records .
Here 's a film about geezer power that will make you cheer .
Hopkins portrays ... a grizzled sunbeam sent to remind us all to follow the road to happiness , wherever it leads .
For a film that 's ultimately about speed , it could use a little more zip .
The World 's Fastest Indian might be the world 's worst title for a charming , slice-of-life biopic starring Anthony Hopkins .
The World 's Fastest Indian is a total charmer , one of those salt-of-life stories drawn from fact , inflected by humor and given robust respect by all involved .
The World 's Fastest Indian is an old-fashioned feel-good movie .
All the hammy acting and meandering storytelling in the world ca n't drown the essential appeal of the story .
The World 's Fastest Indian is lightweight stuff , but despite the clichés it 's an enjoyable ride .
The film may be cutesy-poo for some tastes , and there is n't much nail-chewing suspense in Burt 's pursuit or his lighthearted subjugation of everyone he meets . But man and `` motor-sickle '' sneaked up and beguiled me , so all I could do was hop on .
The World 's Fastest Indian , in which Anthony Hopkins gets to play an adorably cantankerous old man , is a pretty safe bet as far as movies go .
Without apology , Munro 's story has been embellished and romanticized right to the edge of cornball , where it manages to make a hairpin turn and restore its balance .
Like the 1920 Indian motorcycle that Munro races , the film sputters a bit as it starts out . But it slowly gains speed and momentum , earning a kinship to David Lynch 's similarly winning and low-key film The Straight Story -LRB- 1999 -RRB- .
Judging by the movie , you might admire Munro 's achievement but probably would n't have wanted him for a neighbor .
The World 's Fastest Indian takes off at full-out maudlin and never bothers to throttle down .
Unfortunately , this two-hour-plus journey feels like it 's aboard a genial camel .
The inspirational road picture The World 's Fastest Indian hitches a ride on the charm of its star , Anthony Hopkins .
History dictates that you know how the story ends . Still , the heart beats no less fast when you watch Munro 's Indian rocketing across those salt flats . You can see how it might be enough to justify a journey halfway around the world .
Does n't attempt to cram a ray of sunshine up your keister and manages to tell a truly inspiring story nonetheless . Hopkins is great .
Hopkins ' performance , more sprightly and less self-conscious than you would expect from a 68-year-old actor with a knighthood , embodies Munro 's bubbly enthusiasm for speed .
Donaldson lets Hopkins be the twinkly , cute old man , without turning this into a Kiwi version of Miracle on 34th Street .
The film is so languid that at times you may find yourself wishing that Hopkins would eat someone 's liver .
I imagine a double feature of this and Glory Road could even make Chuck Norris cry
Hopkins is up to the task , and it 's his most fully rounded performance in years .
Hopkins makes the character come alive without any actor tricks or noticeable mannerisms other than a totally convincing New Zealand accent . It 's a captivating but completely internalized performance that sneaks up on you .
The inspiring true story The World 's Fastest Indian should be mandatory viewing for anyone who has ever said , ` I 'm getting too old for this . '
There also are plenty of nuts-and-bolts references to satisfy those interested in racing , whether on two wheels or four . The movie features some funny moments , such as when Munro makes his own pistons and then brews tea from the cooling-barrel water .
Munro 's vision , passion , and tenacity are matched by writer/director Roger Donaldson .
As the movie 's tag line has it , it 's based on a hell of a story . Too bad they did n't just tell it .
You could go see The World 's Fastest Indian , or you could pick up one of those tiny , inspirational books they sell at the check-out stands of mega-bookstores . Same diff .
Writer-director Roger Donaldson 's two-hour-plus film is a sterling valentine to real-life eccentricity , personal dedication and nuts-and-bolts ingenuity .
You 'd need to have a wheel loose not to be inspired by a man whose fearless dedication teaches everyone he meets to just enjoy the ride .
These days , when movies often fatuously exploit youth and condescend to age , it 's refreshing to see something like Roger Donaldson 's picaresque action movie The World 's Fastest Indian .
Parts of it are enjoyably shaggy , and Hopkins is very endearing .
The World 's Fastest Indian is a movie about an old coot and his motorcycle , yes , but it is also about a kind of heroism that has gone out of style .
Hopkins and director Roger Donaldson ca n't wholly reinvent the feel-good wheel , but check out all the neat stuff on the spokes .
The infectious and sugary sweet motorcycle saga The World 's Fastest Indian at times seems like the world 's slowest movie .
You thought you knew Anthony Hopkins , but you have n't seen nothin ' until you 've experienced the man doing a celebratory jig or straddling a crotch rocket down the coast at high speeds .
Familiarity likewise breeds contempt in Indian , which subjects us to 127 minutes of Burt 's homespun homilies , naughty euphemisms and self-effacing references to his failing prostate .
First , this Indian is a motorcyle . Second , while ironically a little slow in places and schmaltzy at times too ; the cinematography/acting/script are warm , and sound top notch .
Hopkins ' delightful performance as the eccentric Burt Munro is the true heart and soul of this highly enjoyable film .
You should set your own land speed record to see this crowd-pleaser of a production .
Even a nice chianti could n't help you wash down this lump of tear-jerking twaddle .
There 's very little suspense , and the few minor characters that seem at all interesting are dropped before we really get to know them .
Personal film projects about which directors feel passionate about do n't necessarily result in good films as is evident in this manipulative and schmaltzy inspirational fairy tale .
The film provides two hours of pleasant entertainment and like an old pair of slippers feels comfortable and familiar even if the soles have worn out long ago .
... an extraordinary performance by Anthony Hopkins from a brilliant script by director Roger Donaldson .
Far too predictable and far too many colorful supporting characters .
The * ahem * engines take far to long to rev up .
A crowdpleaser with some pacing issues .
Anthony Hopkins plays a New Zealander grease monkey who soups up an obsolete motorcycle to make it a contender for land speed records . By rights this film should not work , but Hopkins and Kiwi charm pull it off .
Ironically , this film moves along rather slowly . But its leisurely pace gives us time to enjoy one of Anthony Hopkins ' finest performances , so who 's complaining ?
Anthony Hopkins channels Steve McQueen as his sly , warm , quirky charm elevates this cheery curmudgeon 's journey to an endearing , spiritual odyssey .
They 're oh , so cute that it 's almost enough to make you puke .
If you 're looking for a solidly built , well-paced entertainment that puts a grin on your face , World 's Fastest more than adequately fits the bill .
A hodgepodge of mega-tired genres that , despite all odds , still manages to work and work well .
It 's -LSB- Hopkin 's take-it-or-leave-it -RSB- attitude that undercuts the hokum and preciousness , though just barely .
The film has a congenial but simplistic tone , but Hopkins is a pro and plays Munro as a go-getter , willing to risk life and limb .
Writer/director Roger Donaldson returned to his adopted land to tell this true life ` cute codger ' tale of a man on a mission and Hopkins clearly digs the material
`` The World 's Fastest Indian '' is a nostalgic kind of biopic that leaves you with the pleasant feeling that you have seen one man 's dream come true .
Anthony Hopkins recreates a mechanical miracle in taking a 1920 motorcycle to 201 mph in the biopic of New Zealand 's motorcycle saint Burt Munro .
A warm , spacious road movie with a stirring sense of the wide-open landscapes of the American West .
Combines two genres -- triumphing underdog and road movie -- which are involving and entertaining , albeit rather predictable .
Hopkins is a pretty engaging old fart ...
It 's a different approach to drama , I 'll give it that . But it 's not a very dramatic one .
Though the movie may be quaint and at times overly familiar , it achieves its goal of being inspiring while portraying a man 's singular pursuit of excellence .
Hopkins savors every bit of business as his Burt charms everyone in his path .
Hopkins resists his inclination to overplay and turns out one of his most endearing performances in years .
Hopkins ' larger-than-life performance as the crusty and crafty Burt rivets your attention for two solid hours in this most entertaining labor of love .
makes no undue demands of the viewer ... never overplays the conflicts in Munro 's life
It 's stunning work by Hopkins as he does justice to Munro 's complicated emotional framework
The World 's Fastest Indian does what it sets out to do : educates about a mostly unknown historical figure -LRB- without doctoring the facts too much -RRB- , entertains , and uplifts .
If you 've not jumped onto the daisy chain of Burt Munro cheerleaders by the film 's siss-boom-bah climax , you 'll probably end up toasting in the holidays with the Ghost of Christmas Past .
This based-on-fact story of a New Zealand coot who defies age by racing his motorcycle competitively is a big mushy piece of ice cream cake for Anthony Hopkins .
A tour de force performance by Anthony Hopkins as an elderly character who prefers riding a bike to playing bingo or rocking in a chair .
It 's hard to resist the film 's pleasantly rambling narrative and market-defying eccentricity .
There 's no moment during this true-life Little Codger That Could tale that does n't drip with unabashedly calculated schmaltz .
An enjoyable , entertaining and uplifting film , even though it is highly formulaic .
Donaldson 's ham-fisted direction leads to multiple soppy , cringe-inducing moments -LRB- Burt talking about his brother Ernie takes the cake -RRB- .
Sometimes goes cornball , but comes out of that spill on its feet due to Hopkin 's warm-hearted vulnerable performance and the lovable nature of the story .
The handy parade of enablers for an old , personable traveler smacks of fantasy , but his devotion to achievement will make you root for the outcome .
An enthusiastic man from New Zealand proves that age is no impediment toward fulfilling his dreams .
No mystery why Hopkins climbed on board , the only mystery is why anyone else did .
A pleasingly whimsical and slyly mischievous road movie .
The twin novelties of Sir Anthony Hopkins racing a motorcycle and speaking in a Kiwi dialect make The World 's Fastest Indian worth seeing -- just barely .
Leaves a sweet , rather than sticky , taste .
Yes , it 's well-made schmaltz , but that 's not a bad thing .




@highlight

Overcomes its formulaic storyline thanks to Anthony Hopkins ' warm and endearing portrayal of an age-defying thrill seeker .