The Vow plays out as a rather predictable and earnest drama .
After a cringe-worthy first third , The Vow does manage to hit a decent rom-com stride , exploring the sheer arbitrariness of self-realization .
The film is n't as bad as what it looks like -- the Chinatown knockoff equivalent of a Nicholas Sparks movie -- but that does n't mean that those outside the target audience wo n't find it a painful experience .
Like a less successful version of The Notebook , this works as an undemanding date movie ; just do n't expect much more from it .
Ultimately the vision of love and marriage that is being presented here is a fairly routine , secular one , that it is love that binds us to a vow and not the other way around .
`` The Vow '' might have been a decent film had the filmmakers taken the time to allow the characters to develop , or perhaps even if a better actor was cast in the lead .
Thankfully The Vow spares us from all of that shakey-camera 'd nonsense , but that 's about all it spares us from .
The Vow presents some fascinating challenges for Leo and Paige , yet without fail the screenplay comes up short in allowing them to overcome the obstacles in their paths .
The 2004 Adam-Sandler-Drew Barrymore comedy 50 First Dates played retrograde amnesia for laughs , but The Vow , loosely inspired by the experiences of real-life couple Kim and Krickitt Carpenter , aims strictly for the tear ducts .
The film is almost awe-inspiring in its unabashed embrace of a love so all-encompassing that Paige even treasures Leo 's flatulence . -LRB- Seriously -- she rolls up the car window so the smell wo n't escape . -RRB-
So full of trite phrases , clichéd moments and uncool coolness -LRB- she has a tattoo on her back ! -RRB- , it 's mind-wiping . I vow to forgive this movie , just to forget it faster .
Execution is what really matters in B-movies , and as silly as it sounds , The Vow is a remarkably restrained , sweet little movie that never tugs so hard it becomes annoying .
Neither particularly romantic nor comedic , nonetheless represents a middling love story that should suit most of its intended audience relying on the chemistry of its stars .
Like a Nicholas Sparks novel with a dash of wit , a hint of edge and a smidgen less sap .
One of those ` inspired by a true story ' things as concerns its premise , but in reality it feels more ` inspired by Nicholas Sparks . '
The story of how Paige and Leo met is riddled with clichés
... eventually morphs into a seriously tedious little drama ...
Oh , was there ever an opportunity here . But it 's easier to go the traditional route , I guess , than make waves .
It gets bogged down in mopey melodrama and never quite recovers .
It 's been designed as a female fantasy , a delivery system for bare pecs and caring glances .
Sweetly syrupy , filled with slick , heart-tugging , tear-jerking sentiment .
... slickly efficient , buoyed by excellent performances ...
-LRB- ... -RRB- a clean-cut , modern drama with an unashamedly old-fashioned emphasis on the nature of true love .
An earnest and occasionally touching romantic drama that sweeps aside the devastating narrative potential of a traumatic brain injury to traffic in a more benign depiction of amnesia .
It 's got a half-baked script full of holes , villains written in bold type and , even though it 's based on a true story , concocted banality .
panhgyrikh teleth oxi anagnwrishs toy megaleioy ths dynamhs ths agaphs , bebaia , alla ths epibebaiwshs ths yperoxhs ths gkomenas poy probalei ton eayto ths apanw sta lagoydisia matakia ths prwtagwnistrias
Look for more than robustly-executed hokum here , and you look in vain .
It 's not really cinematic in scale , but it is made with heart and emotionally it should please the target audience of young women - and romantic young men .
Neither as formulaic nor as predictable as its constituent parts may suggest .
Amnesia , heartbreak and romance make for a too-familiar Valentine 's Day entertainment
Anyone who likes logic in their romance may be disappointed .
It 's nice to see a romantic drama that absolutely is n't trying to rely on smut or the inexplicable pulling power of an actor like Adam Sandler to get by .
The film 's Nicholas Sparks-style sweet nothings extract as many eye rolls as `` aws '' ; it 's a box of cheap chocolates for someone you just met and you 're not really sure you care for .
The germs of a few good ideas reside within the bowels of The Vow , but the movie is too preoccupied with pushing chick-flick buttons to cultivate them .
The Vow is a welcome antidote to cynicism , and a bracing tonic that proves love has n't disappeared from the film experience completely .
A movie of more depth than I expected . Love stories always find an audience .
The Vow never veers far from its heart-on-sleeve leanings , particularly with Tatum 's overbearing voice-over , but McAdams is typically reliable .
Movies do n't come any brawnier than Safe House , and all that chaotic mayhem eventually beats the plot to a pulp . By the fadeout , viewers are equally pummeled by a series of action set pieces punctuated by grim whispers of suspicion .
Like a less successful version of The Notebook , this works as an undemanding date movie ; just do n't expect much more from it .
I enjoyed just about every second of it , this story - inspired by a real event - keeping me captivated no matter how many times the script came perilously close to jumping the shark or falling off the rails .
This is made for the ladies looking for romance on a Hallmark holiday . It just happens to have a lot more talent than you 'd expect from this sort of thing .
The Vow is a painfully humourless affair that I expect to have forgotten by the time this review appears .
Since we know exactly where ` The Vow ' has to end up , it becomes an inexorable progression from the intriguing to the tedious .
Thanks Mr. Screenwriter , but I do n't need emotional subtitling .
If you drag your loved one to see it , be advised : you will owe that person big-time .
Falling in love all over again ... but missing a little magic .
The Vow makes the least of its concept , refusing to acknowledge that a love need not be perfect to merit holding on to .
In the very first shot , two deliriously happy young lovebirds -- Leo -LRB- Channing Tatum -RRB- and Paige -LRB- Rachel McAdams -RRB- -- exit a movie theater . Do n't give us any ideas .
The two stars look dewy and glossy and unexceptional , bound together less by chemistry than by the ministrations of a hard-working costume designer .
Not everything in it works , but the lack of reliance on easy answers earns it enough credibility points for a passing grade .
You want to care . You really do . But five writers and director Michael Sucsy just do n't give you enough reasons to give a rip about these people .
What a shame that the finished product-which comes after numerous attempts to create an effective screenplay over the past decade-is so lackluster .
If the Adam Sandler/Drew Barrymore chuckler 50 First Dates had been recast as a romantic drama and produced by the Oprah Winfrey Network , The Vow might have been the result .
The entire plot hinges on an impulsive moment of colossal stupidity .
Predictable romantic drama lacks depth .
Come on , guys ; at least cast Clint Howard or someone equally repellant as Leo . Make her work for it a little .
` The Vow ' is inspired by a true and wonderful story , but that does n't make the fictionalized version any less ridiculous .
There are unintentional echoes of ` Total Recall ' in Rachel McAdams ' storyline , which I suppose would make Channing Tatum her Kuato .
Can I just listen to ` Unchained Melody , ' again ?
Tatum is unusually expressive ; Speedman , both hiss-worthy and sympathetic . But McAdams is the real draw .
McAdams can turn up the charisma and make -LRB- almost -RRB- any role grounded and watchable , even multiple ones involving time travel and memory loss . Tatum is like a very handsome steak .
As usual , Channing Tatum looks sweet and dull and , in most scenes , slightly confused .
You want a vow ? How about : ` Honey , I swear , if you ever drag me to another piece of Hallmark Hall of Fame schlock selling itself as a bona fide feature , Valentine 's Day or not ... it 's over . '
The profoundly mediocre screenplay was factory-farmed and you can feel the various conflicting drafts grinding up against one another .
Looks to smear massage oils across the screen , offering viewers something warm and cuddly despite a story that all but demands a more forthright recollection of mental and marital obstacles .
People do go to these kinds of flicks for a good cry . And when you do n't deliver that and the audience just lumbers out of the theater saying things like `` It was nice , '' you have n't really executed . -LRB- Parental Review also available -RRB-
Happily , The Vow is a good deal sweeter and funnier than it looks .
The strong stench from The Vow is likely to overwhelm the smell of popcorn in movie theaters this weekend .
As the patient spouse , Tatum has to play frustrated , enamored , short-tempered , amused , and defeated . He 's better at some than others , it 's true , but he rarely looks lost on screen here .
Not as heinous and mushy as dudes fear , and not as romantic and dreamy as the ladies might be hoping .
Not helped by an unnervingly dumb screenplay and a performance from Tatum that makes wood seem too pliable a substance with which to describe it .
The kind of featherweight fare that is enjoyed in the moment and forgotten soon after the end credits roll .
This is one big , fat schmaltzy drama .
It 's pleasant enough as a date movie , but that 's all .
Sucsy works within the trappings of a typical cheesy romance but finds realism in the details and the banter .
It 's a shame things are so black and white , because the movie has more promise - and more laughs - than trailers suggest .
This film , with its would-be crowd-pleasing contrivances and rote adherence to formula , offers almost no redeeming characteristics .
More than willing to comfort anyone with a fuzzy grasp on real-world romance that the pretty people will make it through somehow , with no scars too deep .
The film may be entirely unafraid of predictability , but it 's sweet , shiny and well acted ; essentially it delivers exactly what it says on the box .
For all those who 've been searching for the new Notebook , The Vow is as close as we 're likely to come anytime soon .
The movie is just spinning its wheels .
Love stories need n't reinvent the wheel as long as they treat their characters -- and the audience -- with respect . A little chemistry does n't hurt , either . `` The Vow '' gets these two things right .
It does have Sparks-ian themes of love and loss and it has a gooey layer of Hollywood candy topping , but it is a bit sharper and less sudsy than Sparks movies .
I now find myself in the ludicrous position of offering an apology to Nicholas Sparks for impugning on his good name by suggesting that he had any connection to this drivel .
If I get in a car accident , suffer a traumatic head injury , and emerge from a coma to find Channing Tatum telling me that he 's my husband , I 'm just going to go with it . Even if I do n't recognize him .
Could 've been an ideal vehicle to reteam McAdams with Gosling , but you wo n't find the actor anywhere near material this brain-dead and creatively stifling at this point in his career .
`` The Vow '' is a cinematic box of candy wrapped in bright red cellophane . Like any box of chocolates , you have to bite a lot of bad centers to get to the few good ones .
As likable as Rachel McAdams and Channing Tatum are , their presence is small comfort in a movie with so little else going on .
This is a movie that leaves you wanting more . To care more , to cry more , to love more .
In `` The Vow , '' love means never having to say `` Who are you ? What are you doing in my house ? ''
The Vow promises tried-and-true rom-com formula and delivers , treading in sappy , cliché-ridden turf .
Though it 's based ... on a true story , ` The Vow ' comes across as a totally synthetic tearjerker in the Nicholas Sparks mode .
It 's unashamedly escapist , but a turn for the serious as The Vow nears the finish line only underscores its essential silliness ...
Not even Channing Tatum 's bare bum , clearly a Hail Mary pass lobbed at the ladies in the theatre , can distract from the turgidly sappy goings on in The Vow .
The best thing in the film is McAdams , who moves through her post-amnesia scenes with a plausible mix of good humor and wariness .
First-time feature director and co-writer Michael Sucsy gives us a by-the-numbers film that will appeal to mature femme audiences , only . Oh , and fans of Chicago , too .
The movie 's commitment to the blandest possible presentation of its central problem starts to seem perverse after a while .
A Valentine Day 's gift swaddled in sanitized Saran wrap , The Vow is a pretty package of sweets , sealed off from the corrupting air of reality .
Channing Tatum is terribly miscast as an arty husband who tries to help his amnesiac wife remember their blissful time together .
I 'm willing to sacrifice a terrible pun in order to admit when a film has charmed me somewhat .
Sucsy ... took the true story of Kim and Krickett Carpenter of New Mexico and threw out everything but the hook - young newlywed awakens from coma and can not remember her husband - and melded it with two or three of star Rachel McAdams 's former films .
It 's the ultimate date movie , due to Channing Tatum and the real-thing chemistry he shares with Rachel McAdams .
McAdams and Tatum are n't exactly thespian heavyweights , but even if they were , there is n't much they can do with this hokey melodrama ...
It 's quite watchable date-night cheese - the kind of movie you can simultaneously snort at and enjoy .
a cross between Romantic Conflict for Dummies and Tepid Soup for the Soul
It has been many months since there was a movie as genuinely romantic as `` The Vow . ''
All of these people seem like lazy sketches rather than developed characters ; it 's tempting to wonder how moving `` The Vow '' might have been if they 'd been allowed to breathe and live .
Winsomely scripted , longwinded and squandering talent in small roles .
It 's like a can of fake Spam , the lower-rent version of something already from the bargain basement .
`` The Vow '' serves as a series of precise if obvious moments and emotional cues we must endure en route to the inevitable reconciliation , complete with an intrusively heart-tugging score and too much explanatory voiceover from Tatum .
McAdams is a beautiful blank . There 's not a single moment when her character feels real , or as if she genuinely has anything at stake .
This is a movie whose true romance has virtually nothing to do with the movie itself .
A touching drama about memory , loss , and reclaiming love .
Most of the time it plays like the movie adaptation of a Land 's End catalogue , making monogamy seem essential by associating it with high-end interior design .
Channing Tatum gets a bad rap , but the failings of The Vow lie primarily on his -LRB- often-bare -RRB- shoulders .
The Vow flirts with several interesting themes , but too easily this romantic drama sticks to a formulaic narrative that loudly preaches love conquers all .
This film is watchable mainly because of the extraordinary events , which are genuinely involving and moving . Although typically , Hollywood has ramped up the emotions while avoiding subtlety at all costs .
Duff beyond words , with some appealing performances wasted .
A quietly moving romantic drama , The Vow overcomes the `` romantic weepy '' stigma placed on it with its well acted tale of love gained , love lost and the evolution of personality .
Watchable romance with an intriguing premise and engaging performances from both Tatum and McAdams ...
It 's slick entertainment rather than deeply profound but it works .
With its stately crane shots and plaintive score , The Vow feels as unabashedly sentimental as those melodramas , but resists the cloying impulse to manufacture tragedy for easy tears .
While the premise is quite promising , the dead hand of Valentines Day co-writers Abby Kohn and Marc Silberstein supplant the human interest potential with a mawkish rom-com sensibility .
Earnest hokum of this nature has become increasingly rare . And for a reason .
A shell of a movie with a paint by numbers script and an unremarkable story .
Both stars make decent use of the script 's gently humorous potential . As a superficial look at a weird situation , it 's reasonably diverting .
So it turns out that perhaps the most awesome thing ever to happen to sappy ... romantic flicks is brain damage . It makes sense ! These movies are already brain-dead 95 percent of time anyway ...
The few weaknesses in the plot can be overlooked as The Vow makes for a wonderful - if a bit teary - romance that is brilliantly acted .
For all its clunky scripting there 's an essential sweetness at work here , thanks partly to McAdams and partly to an unusually chaste love story that ultimately keeps melodrama at bay .


@highlight

Channing Tatum and Rachel McAdams do their best with what they 're given , but The Vow is too shallow and familiar to satisfy the discriminating date-night filmgoer .