Lean on Me meets Strictly Ballroom . Tough two-step replaces tough love .
Feels like a product , with decisions made for audience appeal rather than creativity .
For the most part , Liz Friedlander 's direction and frenetic pacing mitigate any real performance opportunities .
A fun romp of a flick that showcases the power of dance and the human spirit .
The poster says ` Never follow ' , while the movie itslef follows every cliche in the book .
A feel-good story using music and dance to guide problem kids onto the straight and narrow ... entertaining , although not the showstopper we might hope for
A bogus , trumped-up ` inspirational ' ending goes on forever and all but ruins everything .
A scattering of dance sequences that fuse hip-hop and classical beats provide a few shots of energy , but Take The Lead otherwise plods through the motions .
It 's still enjoyable , but never as strong as it should be .
Take the Lead offers few if any surprises to anyone who 's seen either the aforementioned Breakin ' , Beat Street , or , most obvious of all , Dangerous Minds .
While their transformation is predictable , it 's quietly enjoyable , and the teen angle opens the door to romance and gritty gang-war subplots .
The energy and rhythm keep it moving along gracefully .
Liz Friedlander 's `` Take the Lead '' is a fine example of how all the good intentions in the world ca n't make a poorly conceived movie good , though a good central performance can at least make it bearable .
Their acceptance of the tango and foxtrot never seems like much of a dance dance revolution ; if you 're looking for more than just impressive dancing , well , you got served .
... it goes through it 's checklist , epitomized in 80 's inspirational student-triumphs-over-socioeconomic-pseudoreality films like `` Lean on Me '' and its lesser-known predecessor `` Stand and Deliver '' ...
As even the film 's dance students note in an aside designed to preempt exactly this criticism , this Michelle Pfeiffer plot is corny .
This is never less than watchable but it 's shockingly cliched throughout and let down by a badly directed , disappointing climax .
Banderas , sans Zorro mask but still dressed in black , goes gamely into a screenplay and film that , frankly could be better .
With very little dancing , this is a highly entertaining , feel-good ` Blackboard Jungle ' .
This conventional cross of Dangerous Minds and Mad Hot Ballroom can be beholden to the inspiring teacher movie formula , but Banderas ' quiet grace keeps the film from pushing the motivational message too insistently .
After a few lessons in tough love , these kids all start to act like transfer students from Fame .
Take the Lead takes viewers on a straightforward journey , but there are some pleasant sights and sounds along the way .
It certainly helps that Banderas plays Dulaine . In fact , the film would fall to pieces without him .
it 's just ridiculous , it 's just ridiculous . One cliché right after another . Not for one second did I believe any of this .
Although the film is entirely watchable , the director carelessly exploits the potential for race drama .
In short , if you 're looking for Banderas to get eaten by sewer alligators , better luck next time .
A surprisingly good watch , predictability notwithstanding .
To Sir with Love with dance lessons ... This rainbow coalition of sassy students appears to be the only troublesome pupils in the inner city high school
An assortment of every dance movie cliche from the last decade .
Maybe they should have titled the hackneyed Take the Lead something like Shall We Dance ... in Detention ?
While we may be able to pretty much guess everything that 's going to happen in Take the Lead , its considerable charm lies in the way it fulfills , rather than bucks , our expectations .
Think of it as the fictionalized version of last year 's engaging documentary Mad Hot Ballroom , with teen dancers and sexier moves . It is also more formulaic and clichéd , thanks to the predictable plot and theme .
A showcase for triumph-of-the-underdog sports-movie cliches and coming-of-age-through-adversity moral lessons . But thanks to Banderas ' understated sophistication and the efforts of the attractive young cast , it 's still a charmer .
Take the Lead is pure entertainment , if only for the endless amusement of watching Banderas spread the gospel of ballroom like he was born wearing a tuxedo .
A predictable and yet thoroughly enjoyable drama about the redemptive power of dance for a group of inner-city teenagers .
Although based on a true story , Take the Lead continually strains credibility .
This handsomely lighted movie has the craft to make the dances vivid but not too spectacular , the dancers eager but not just showbiz animals . Take the Lead merits taking the lead for a weekend or so .
As it twirls and dips , Take the Lead leaves no cliché unturned .
A modest but enjoyable entertainment with handsome Antonio Banderas as the dance instructor .
One of the year 's most uninspired inspirational stories .
It 's a ballroom/hip-hop mash-up that , although at times discordant and at all times familiar , moves with Banderas ' brio and bounce .
Ultimately Take the Lead is content to follow the footsteps of a dozen other movies , and there 's another thing ; for a movie about dancing , there is a lack of dynamic choreography to the final showdown .
Cute as a boutonniere and bouncy as a swing beat , Take the Lead is an ` inspired by a true story ' spin on Mad Hot Ballroom .
Despite the fact that Take the Lead gets the cliche-o-meter ticking like a Geiger counter at Hanford , the movie is very entertaining . The kids are gorgeous . The dancing 's fun to watch . Banderas is compact and cool .
The performances deserve applause . The script is another story .
Like the recent Glory Road , Take the Lead tweaks a true story to sell more tickets . But at what point do movies like this one begin to fuel the racial hatred that they ostensibly deplore ?
Take the Lead is like that -- it may seem hokey , but it uses the tried and true to get a smile out of you every time .
It 's a pleasant destination , to be sure , yet familiarity ca n't help but breed a bit of -- well , if not outright contempt , then ever-so-slight disdain .
Take the Lead is equal parts To Sir with Love and Fame and it 's a surprisingly effective mix .
Take the Lead is one of those inspiring teachers in the ` hood tales . And it 's ` inspired by a true story , ' which translated means ` as Hollywood cornball as humanly possible . '
Even the dancing feels phony in Take the Lead , a movie most successful at reminding us of just how good Mad Hot Ballroom was .
The film is over-long , plot heavy , needlessly complicated and lacklustre , but the moments of dance and music keep it from being a total waste of time .
Like its star , the movie verges on hooey but cuts too stylish a swath to dislike for long .
Si , Antonio is a charming man , but by the final bows the movie around him is all left feet and bruised angles , and much more of a farrago than a fandango .
What slop . Take the Lead is a rotted ground chuck of a movie , made up of the rancid processed parts of a plethora of films , good and bad , that have come before it . At first it seems awfully familiar , and then it just seems awful .
A well-made if utterly unsurprising movie , which has its feet and its heart in the right place .
What redeems this film somewhat are its plentiful dancing scenes and a charismatic lead performance by Antonio Banderas as Pierre Dulaine , a former professional dancer .
You could go out and see this feel-good facsimile and be moderately entertained , or rent Mad Hot Ballroom and feel yourself becoming genuinely moved by the real thing .
Take the Lead is the latest example of a silly and utterly predictable movie where the kids dance in the streets and we pray for a fleet of Humvees to come along and run them out of town .
In the end , this peppy number does n't know which way it should swing .
Good-hearted , energetic but preposterous .
In a genre that 's been ground into dust , Take the Lead pretty much succumbs to its every pitfall . But the film has some aces that , while not fully emerging from its sleeve , do manage to peek out from the cuffs .
As sweet and well-meaning as parts of the movie are , the filmmakers do n't appear to trust their teenage audience to take this world seriously .
The commercial compromises of Take the Lead make it less accessible , not more .
Because it 's a semi-fictionalized uplifting dance movie , the movie ends in a tidy but irresistible finale , with lots of dancing of course - by golly I defy you not to want to shake your booty after seeing it .
The message at its core works beautifully and the energy Friedlander brings to the project is resplendently infectious .
Like the footprints you follow during dance lessons , this movie ... lays its predictable moves right out there .
For the first time , I related more to the instructor than I did to the kids .
The dance remains the same ... Take the Lead has exactly two things going for it -LRB- each worth one star -RRB- : the always entertaining Antonio Banderas and a lot of ballroom dancing .
Hot dance sequences with a life lesson thrown in ... I will follow that lead .
All the kids are given their chance to dominate in at least one scene , and the acting is amost good as is the dancing .
There 's nothing in this amiable slice of education porn -- oh man , check out the hot awesomeness of a teacher who cares ! -- that we have n't seen a hundred times before ...
Despite Banderas ' charm and convincing performances from Rob Brown and Yaya DaCosta as his most difficult trainees , the dramatic portions of ` Lead ' are as corny as the Hammer Dance .
A movie about hoofin ' it is only as good as its choreography , and here , Take the Lead scores : These dance numbers will make you want to take up the fox-trot .
Ballroom dancing ... Is there anyone else out there who things we should give it a rest ?
Banderas is so charming he almost makes the old claptrap work . But even his powers are useless against the , how you say , clichés .
In refusing to sugarcoat the harsh realities of an impoverished region , the filmmakers make the ultimate message of hope that much more genuine and stirring .
Since the movie does its job well in playing out its formulas , it becomes an effective endorphin rush at the time .
Friedlander knows visual filmmaking , and only here does she shine . When time comes to address the secret lives of her dancing delinquents , the film grows two left feet .
Banderas and crew make it an entertaining , even if predictable , ride
Instead of the authentic excitement of last year 's documentary , Mad Hot Ballroom , Take the Lead presents contrived teen melodrama .
The dance steps are less predictable than the plotline here : gradual building of trust , setbacks , growth experiences , tenderness , the big event . But we , too , find it hard to resist the invitation to the dance .
A dance teacher turns students at a South Bronx high school from gawky ducklings into gliding swans in this sloppy but mildly endearing pop fairy tale .
As a dance movie `` Take The Lead '' is downright incompetent , and as a feel-good teen drama/comedy it has no pathos or humor . It 's a throwaway movie .
It 's easy to watch , the dance sequences are sporadically enjoyable -LRB- if hardly innovative -RRB- and Antonio Banderas is wonderfully magnetic and charming in the lead .
The eye-popping dance numbers and affecting performances by the young leads , as well as Mr. Banderas and Ms. Woodard , make it worth the ride .
The filmmakers who dreamed up Take the Lead probably got a bonus for coming up with such a marketable concept . Mix a little Dangerous Minds with a bit of Save the Last Dance and , voila , a flick with across-the-board appeal .
Another tale of an unusual program to help disadvantaged school kids turned into a formulaic , sappily uplifting Hollywood product .
Antonio Banderas is reason enough to see the movie .
Banderas cuts a romantic figure , but the film is pure hokum .
The film is long on flashy dance sequences and short on depth , character and craft .
Take the Lead , with its awkward transitions and abrupt blackouts , is the cinematic equivalent of a high school paper written in study hall the hour before it 's due .
Besides the rousing ending , which combines ballroom and hip-hop moves in an exciting way , the film offers nothing we have n't seen before .
What the -LSB- public school -RSB- system and its culturally underfunded student body probably do n't need is inspired-by-true-events claptrap like Take the Lead .
'' -LSB- Eventually -RSB- contrived conflicts force Banderas to the sidelines , and it all starts to live up to the phony uplift promised by the title . ''
If hokiness were a fatal flaw , Take the Lead would be dead from the opening note , yet this feel-good musical drama is irresistibly endearing .
Falls smack-dab in the middle of terminal disposability .
A dramatized , sometimes compelling retelling of the beginnings of the program depicted in Mad Hot Ballroom .
The latest ballroom dance-fever picture is n't very good , but some of the dancing is fun .
A harmless crowd-pleaser that may overstay its welcome -LRB- closing in on two hours -RRB- , but , for the most part , keeps on its toes .
There , the music shifts from Lena Horne to hip hop Gershwin remixes , and on to a dance-off finale and closing credit sequence that 's the only rousing part of this movie .
The shift in tone between scenes in the classroom and scenes outside is just too jarring .
`` Take the Lead , '' which is laden with stereotypes to the point of offense , veers closer to minstrel-show territory .
It 's an unabashed crowd pleaser that gets the job done despite a handful of groaner moments and occasionally sloppy writing .
Banderas 's charm and some choppily edited-and-shot ballroom dancing is n't enough to save this tired script .
Antonio Banderas is a charming and talented man , but in Take the Lead he lays on the old-world panache so thick -- the accent , the flowery courtliness , the romance of romance -- that he comes off like Dracula 's metrosexual cousin .
Hugely entertaining .
Every once in awhile , a captivating movie comes along that makes you smile and laugh and cry - and if you liked `` Mad Hot Ballroom , '' this is a must-see .
Oozing old-school gentility and charm , Banderas fits the role of ballroom dance instructor Pierre Dulaine as if he were born to play it .
a completely predictable genre film , but satisfying nonetheless
The movie shucks its corn straight from the cob . But it 's no less engaging for that , thanks to the enthusiasm of the young cast and the fusion of classic dance with hip-hop moves .
Take the Lead does such a good job at delineating individual , believable characters that it 's annoying to see them shoehorned into formula to force a Hollywood ending .
Check your brain at the door and give in to the serio-comic moves of this hackneyed charmer .
The production is not without its spirited numbers , but when it looks like it 's going to finally take flight , it ends up taking too many false steps , especially during an especially choppy finale .
-LSB- Take the Lead -RSB- hits all its marks , but never dazzles anyone with its footwork .
Dancing . Antonio Banderas . Great music . If ever there was a well-wrought date movie for teen-agers and adults alike , then it 's `` Take the Lead , '' a dance-filled dramedy set in a high school .
One watches Take the Lead for all the lively moments in between the dim-bulb narrative .
Banderas has the charisma and panache needed to play the perfect sexy gentleman .



@highlight

Banderas is charismatic in the lead , and the dance sequences are captivating , but the story is too familiar and predictable .