Unpredictable throughout , The Debt may harp on the fine line between fact and fiction a bit much , but with Helen Mirren on board , there 's little chance the film is n't going to reach its final destination without some style , class , and riveting insight .
Whenever Mirren is around , everyone benefits .
The film does have some suspense and makes some interesting points about our need to make heroes out of flawed people ; but in the end , even with this wonderful cast , it 's still a disappointment .
How can the film convincingly preach via Ms. Mirren 's voice-over that truth is more valuable than justice while her character is exacting vengeance on screen ?
Younger audiences will likely find The Debt too slow for their liking , but what it lacks in realistic casting it gains in meatily plotted espionage and weighty drama .
A taut and complex thriller , this movie wo n't be easy for forget .
Tense , intelligent entertainment . That 's rare , and that is more than enough .
A taut , historical thriller about the capture of one of Nazism 's most evil .
The Debt may have its flaws , but thanks to some strong performances and gripping moments , it 's worth investing in .
What really dazzles here are the action beats - the getaway gone wrong , the shocking moments of violence .
Audiences will see a couple of intended surprises coming but the lack of surprise does n't detract from how these moments affect the characters and serve the larger story .
If you were looking for a thrilling and immersing story of bravery based on the synopsis of the film , sadly you wo n't find it here .
Deftly balances genre demands with character-driven drama .
Un complejo thriller de espionaje sobre crímenes contra la humanidad , sacrificios personales , la impunidad que se perpetúa y las diferentes formas de hacer justicia . Muy buen elenco .
This film works both as a suspense thriller and as a character study .
As political thrillers go , The Debt pays off .
A narrative in search of a story
Spy stories can pack a powerful punch if the motive is right . And that is exactly the case in this well-wrought thriller based on ` Ha-Hov , ' which opened the 2010 Jewish Film Series in the Quad-Cities . The American version is nearly as compelling .
Palliative Care : The Movie . Now that 's entertainment .
There is enough tension to stay engaged for the full running time . That said , I 'd skip through ` The Debt ' if I ever caught it channel surfing .
Wants to ask deep philosophical questions -LSB- but -RSB- the protracted ending prevents any of these philosophical darts from sticking .
The moral dilemmas posed by events in the past impacting on the present are dealt with rather superficially , but THE DEBT is really solid entertainment .
A thriller with such powerful and emotive elements as The Debt towers above the everyday crime thriller , drawing on the cinematic oxygen of Nazi atrocities and their legacy
If you like your spy thrillers tense , gripping and meaningful , The Debt should be on the top of your must-see list
The film delivers both as a love story and as an old-fashioned espionage thriller that no amount of implausibility can spoil .
There 's nothing to hate about this film , but it is just not interesting enough to warrant its 104-minute running time .
The plot could have great weight but it never makes use of it , while the revelations explored in the past , are n't followed through in the present .
An entertaining addition to the recent wave of retro spy films .
The result is a sturdy , often suspenseful piece , but one that delivers less than it promises .
Dramatically unconvincing and morally unsatisfactory .
... a movie scrubbed of subtlety , but it 's not an ineffective or boring work , it 's actually highly suspenseful - at times ridiculously tense .
A well-acted thriller that raises complex issues of conscience
The performances are what counts , and Mirren and Chastain certainly deliver .
In less capable hands , this could have been a disaster but Madden just gets away with it .
The Debt cranks up the tension and elegantly conceals plot twists by cutting back and forth between events in 1966 and 1997 .
At first , the fidgety back-and-forth storytelling slows the film down , but when the agents seize their prey the narrative steadies and a gripping battle of wits unfolds as the wily captive tries to exploit his captors ' weak spots .
While the moral question about `` doing the right thing '' is n't entirely answered by the climax , this is still a superior thriller .
A blockbuster with brains , one that neatly examines the psychological toll of living with a long-standing lie and , less successfully , explores how the power of unrequited love can reach through the decades .
Madden 's The Debt is a diligent fait accompli of the original Israel version , Ha-Hov , by avoiding poking at political hornet 's nest .
Solid , workmanlike storytelling is what 's on offer in this meaty thriller with robust and satisfying star turns ...
With its powerful performances , good twists and fast-pacing The Debt is a welcome adult thriller ...
There 's the overall feeling of hard work not quite paying off , but the gorgeous and game Chastain quietly salvages everything she can .
John Shakespeare In Love Madden directs , but literary larks in the Globe are a long way from the laboured , catchpenny lucubrations of this global retribution tale .
Vaughn and Goldman chose the wrong vehicle .
A provocative , engaging tale utilising clever use of extended flashback and showcasing an intriguing twist .
The Debt has strong performances and a handful of good moments but it 's ultimately let down by some poor pacing , an increasingly dull second half and a baffling spot of miscasting .
` The Debt ' tackles themes of humanity , revenge and truth so successfully it 's hard not to find it powerful - even if it 's not the Oscar bait it might have hoped to be .
Offers something for those looking for a film with more on its mind than simple set-pieces .
It 's marked by fine performances from a great cast , but it 's hard to escape the fact that The Debt takes itself very , very seriously , to its own detriment .
You can line up for it if you like , maybe as a sort of late summer movie protest vote . But you 'd be better off just waiting for the real Oscar movies to come along .
Smart and suspenseful , The Debt packs in enough surprises to make you forgive its last minute collapse . Chastain , meanwhile , shows why everybody 's talking about her .
Confused irony about Israeli self-delusion over heroes or the personal and nationalist consequence of living with a Big Lie are uneasily subsumed by changes in women 's roles .
A spy thriller with all the action and double the deceit .
The Debt , for all its heart-stopping power and subject-matter gravitas , is not without its fair share of cliché .
The Debt is a smartly constructed thriller running on separate tracks then converging to raise the stakes .
The final reveal is unintentionally hilarious and ruins everything the film had worked towards . The acting is good across the board , but only half of `` The Debt '' works like it 's supposed to .
It 's best just to go and see what happens .
The Debt is increasingly unsubtle as it reveals the multiple truths about what happened back in East Berlin .
A painstakingly old-fashioned drama that 's far more interested in the nuances of human behavior than exploitation or pyrotechnics .
A thoroughly competent movie that is reasonably effective at being what it sets out to be -- a solid little thriller . It 's also pretty hard to get excited about .
The acting is strong but the story is n't , especially the almost laughable ` let me leave you a note ' situation at the end .
Director Madden makes a stiff job of it .
After a gripping first half , turns into one howler after another . And yet it 's still gripping .
There is an awkward , irresoluble tension between the movie 's urge to thrill and the weighty pull of the historical obligations that it seeks to assume . How much , to be blunt , should we be enjoying ourselves ?
A taut , suspenseful ride through the doldrums of the late summer movie dead season .
Along the lines of stories by John LeCarré -LRB- rather than Ian Fleming -RRB- , it suggests that a life of fake identities and covert action takes a terrible toll on the human soul .
... an ass-kicking Helen Mirren helps cover many sins .
The entire cast is excellent -- even the usually vanilla Worthington -- although the MVP is clearly Chastain .
The intelligent espionage thriller presents us with a moral dilemma ... .
Combines the suspense of a political thriller with international espionage and a smattering of social commentary about the fallibility of our veneration of heroes .
The urgent plot , convincing performances and sudden spurts of violence saturate it with an overwhelming amount of suspense that makes it far more exciting than most thrillers this year .
Christensen 's performance rises to the level of the Academy Award-winning . Besides the splendid acting and the riveting story , the movie 's other strengths include the fight choreography and an original musical score by composer Thomas Newman .
So The Debt , much like the State of Israel , has some existential problems . So much of it is good , however , that it is easy to ignore some misguided steps .
The problem I have with this movie is that it suggests a sort of moral equivalency between the sins of the Mossad cover-up and the sins of the Nazi , Vogel . This is not just specious but offensive .
Jessica Chastain is officially at the top of my new actresses to watch list .
Vogel 's introduction , ` This is my hand , and this is the speculum , ' may at last have displaced the ` Is it safe ? ' of Christian Szell -- another Mengele stand-in -- as the most discomfiting sentence ever uttered by doctor to patient onscreen .
Sports an intriguing premise and uniformly strong performances , but its second act is mediocre and its third act even worse , and it ca n't help but pale in comparison to Munich
The twists are shocking and mesmerizing . A high wire , intelligent espionage thriller . It is one of the best movies of 2011 .
A shaky variation on a pulp-historical theme of Franklin J. Schaffner 's ` The Boys From Brazil ' -LRB- 1978 -RRB- and others , ` The Debt ' is a Nazi war criminal manhunt thriller with a feminist twist and some unusual casting choices .
Based on an acclaimed Israeli film from 2007 , this mostly retains the feeling of a foreign thriller , without succumbing to aggressive Hollywoodization .
Nothing sinks a halfway decent espionage thriller like forcing a resolution when a more ambiguous finale would 've served much better .
A decent enough dramatic thriller . -LRB- Parental Movie Review also available -RRB-
Worthington shows a greater range and vulnerability here than he did in either Avatar or Clash of the Titans , where he mostly just flexed his pecs . He may be a genuine movie star yet .
It gets great use out of its mid - '60s East Berlin setting , with its paranoia and cold streets and dinky little cars . That 's always great stuff .
... creepy and interesting , but not the kind of movie that action fans will embrace .
The strength of the film really lies in the performances of the two women : Chastain and Mirren .
The lack of a real mystery at the story 's core is fatal ; it 's to the credit of the cast and direction that they are able to make The Debt as entertaining as it is .
The movie works very well as a thriller that benefits from some ambitious aspirations and superb performances ... But it spins out of control in the last 20 minutes .
Rather than focus on the evil of the Nazi villain , it wallows in the collective regret of three Israeli Mossad agents who in 1966 let the bad guy slip away when they had him in their clutches .
There are movies you want to like that just wo n't let you .
Strong performances and direction make this gripping espionage thriller a mission accomplished .
Mossad lovebirds violate the doctor-patient relationship in reverse , when not spoonfeeding a kitchen nazi . Sex , Lies And Undercover Gyn Checkups .
an overbearing sense of self-importance undermines the effectiveness of skillful performances by a mostly-talented cast .
A thriller with more on its mind than world travel and smashing action-although there 's some of the former and quite a bit of the latter .
the actors save The Debt
The direction and performances remain as solid as ever , but they 're both growing obscured by the top-heavy plot .
The Debt has the overall air of an Oscar contender that never got into the ring -- well-made , but not spectacular . Still , it serves as a fine , full introduction to Chastain 's potential .
The mission is accomplished , more or less .
A small gem , stuck on the shelf for more than a year , pops out in the days of summer usually associated with dogs .
The Debt roots itself in reality more plausibly than most contemporary spy films without sacrificing the genre 's tense thrills .
A top-notch thriller about Mossad agents trying to capture a war criminal in order to bring him to justice boasts an excellent cast .
The moral dilemmas faced by these three offer provocative material for thought .
The movie drowns the deeper questions it raises in a sadistic procedural , an endless circular motion of fight scenes whose only justification is themselves .
A strong cast fails to rescue this ponderous Oscar bait .
The thrills work out better than the smarts .
An overcooked espionage thriller celebrating revenge .
... a high-voltage film with a twist , expertly directed by Madden with terrific performances by the entire cast , but especially Mirren , Chastain , and Christensen .
Smart , thrilling and morally complex ... not much more you can ask of The Debt
The Debt plays out as a series of misfires that each on their own are n't particularly lethal , but taken all together serve to bring down a movie with great potential .
It not only holds up to the original , but exceeds it in many ways .
Helen Mirren pulls off the impressive trick of dominating the movie even while she 's absent for huge chunks of its running time .
Awkwardly marrying `` Munich '' - style moral conundrums with cheesy Robert Ludlum stylings , the slow-paced thriller `` The Debt '' never pays off .
The disconnect : the actors in 1966 do n't come close to looking like the actors doing the characters in 1997 . It 's like two different films connected by a common villain .
Madden keeps things fast-paced and tense , and he takes just enough breaks for political and philosophical struggles that the story has a sense of greater purpose .
The real visionary who makes this film haunt and enthrall is cinematographer Ben Davis who creates dark shadows that create a chilling edginess without revealing too much plot .
The rare kind of thriller that 's even more interesting below the surface .
An intelligent , well-crafted , and grown-up espionage thriller .
Madden 's version maintains all the literal and figurative scars left on these characters , but everything here is made at least one degree more obvious , even as the screenplay tries mightily to hide its secrets .
Heavy with marvelous , ideally impassioned performances , the picture suffers from an unevenness that robs the material of the excitement it effortlessly generates in the electrifying opening half .
Skillfully directed by John Madden , who earned an Academy Award nomination for the Oscar-winning Best Picture `` Shakespeare in Love , '' `` The Debt '' is a thriller that keeps you guessing up to the end .
... two riveting thrillers for the price of one ... as well-orchestrated in spots as ` The Spy Who Came in from the Cold ' and ` Black Sunday ' ... easily Madden 's best film since ` Shakespeare in Love . '
Jessica Chastain is captivating in all of the right ways .
Boils down to the importance of facing up to what one can and ca n't live with , and taking action to set matters right ... audiences will be able to recognize the secret agency in their own lives and the folly of living lies .
For adult audiences feeling ill-treated by most of the summer movies , ` The Debt ' is a nice start to the fall , flawed but full-bodied , and close enough to very good for me to recommend it .
The Debt has occasional moments of suspense , but the human element of the story-including a romantic rivalry-plays out in clunky , heavy-handed fashion . By the time we get to the modern-day climax it 's hard to care ...
The Debt is particularly memorable for an original , jaw-dropping plot twist .
A secret 's consequences play out in intense spy film .
A Nazi-hunting thriller deepens into a meditation on conscience in The Debt , a movie that holds you in its grip .
The Debt poses an arresting question : In a place that 's as haunted by history as Israel is , can a lie ever really serve to prop up a larger truth ?
The Debt has one of the worst endings to an otherwise well-crafted thriller in recent memory .
The cast does what it can in the service of this assignment . But some jobs simply resist satisfying completion .
A smart , gripping melodrama .
It 's a wakeup face slap for a medium that has spent too many warm-weather nights dreaming of superheroes and frat boys .
Solemnly tony Oscar bait .
An excellent international spy thriller , wrapped up in an only-fair mystery .
The story itself sometimes feels implausible and overwrought , but the film 's taut pacing and artful editing make for a chilling and satisfying spy drama .
The film analyzes the implications of heroism and its burdensome weight . It also explores the haunting toll that comes with burying the truth .
Bristling with dangers both corporeal and cerebral , `` The Debt '' is a superbly crafted espionage thriller packed with Israeli-Nazi score settling .
It is an exciting movie , full of crises and dramatic turns despite an aura of sadness that seems to pervade it .
The architecture of `` The Debt '' has an unfortunate flaw . The younger versions of the characters have scenes that are intrinsically more exciting , but the actors playing the older versions are more interesting .
Vogel is a genuinely chilling villain , and there are some deeply unsettling scenes between him and his captors .
Serves as a fine enough outline of its events but lacks any genuine depth of ideas or characterization .
A lukewarm thriller without the depth , impact or meaning one expects from an Oscar contender .
Matthew Vaughn , whose `` X-Men : First Class '' was similarly groovy , co-wrote and produced `` The Debt , '' and director John Madden takes a shot at Vaughn 's action-a-go-go look .
A story like this requires a villain worthy of decades of built up horror and rage , and Christensen provides a thoroughly credible stimulus for the nail-biting events of the film .
Predictably , the holes in the narrative set us up for a twist or three , but , in balance , it 's a pleasure to be back in the wet alleys and spy-patrolled streets of the GDR , however vague they seem without '60s black-and-white cinematography .
Madden 's dark , moody , complex exploration of guilt and identity taps into a rich vein of moral ambiguity ...
`` The Debt '' eventually settles into a predictable groove that slightly undercuts its impact . Still , it 's a film of ambition and substance .
Relentlessly paced and artfully lensed and constructed , it 's a first-rate thriller that explores loyalty , duty to country and self , and the price of deception with skill and razor-sharp precision .
A complex suspense story , with shifting chronologies and new angles of observation on a decades-old Mossad mission to Cold War East Berlin .
In the end , the truth we learn simply looks like a manufactured and cynical plot twist .
What the three pairs of actors lack in semblance -LRB- or resemblance -RRB- , they make up for to a great extent in their performances .
Director John Madden was surely thrilled to assemble a cast of this stature and skill , but something does n't add up .
Plenty of overheated melodrama between the surprisingly tense action scenes , but the nimble cast keeps it mostly credible .
The Debt functions both as an edge-of-the-seat thriller and an effective drama about the sometimes passionate , sometimes contentious relationships among the three main characters .
Put Helen Mirren and Tom Wilkinson together in a movie and chances are you 're not going to be disappointed .
A taut , wildly engrossing thriller packed with excellent performances , chief among them Jessica Chastain 's as a Mossad agent .
As it jumps back and forth in time , `` The Debt '' explores the conflict between expectations and reality , intellect and emotions , truth and regret .
The film 's a potboiler but a gripping one , and it leaves you chewing on both its nuances and implausibilities .
It probes , with perhaps more energy than clarity , the ethical and psychological complications that can lie hidden beneath a story of simple heroism .
A far-fetched ending confuses the need to tell the truth for others ' sake with the act of covering your own ass and clearing your conscience .
A nifty little puzzler that satisfactorily pays off .
The moral has the force of a scolding rather than of a galvanic lived experience .
Gripping and gritty , a thriller that breeds genuine excitement in both of the time periods in which it is set .
Fully convincing neither as pure Cold War thriller nor as rumination on the dangers of deception and the cost of moral repair .
Perfectly cast and stylishly shot , this smart period thriller concerning three Mossad agents and a Dr. Mengele-like Nazi war criminal falters near the end , but is generally unnervingly good .
-LSB- VIDEO -RSB- `` The Debt '' is entertaining enough . It just does n't function as a cohesive film .
In terms of suspense , The Debt is an efficiently gritty saga , as workmanlike in its mood and pacing as its aesthetics are suitably gray and grim .
Helen Mirren and Jessica Chastain give such fantastic performances in their respective timelines , it works quite well in terms of drama and suspense .
No , The Debt is not worthy of any Oscar talk , and the last third or so wades into a tar pit of melodrama which bogs down the narrative . But the film never failed to engage me , and I am the better for having seen it .
The three new writers for The Debt muddle the original Israeli movie Ha-Hov -LRB- 2007 -RRB- in an awkward attempt to make it their own . In trying to put their own stamp on it , they botch it .
Expanded review : Based on riveting story , this remake of the 2007 Israeli film is a gripping if implausible thriller , offering commentary on the making of political heroes and myths ; at this phase , Helen Mirren can do no wrong .
This is a late-night cable watch at most .
... a solid little thriller ...
As a thriller , The Debt performs many if not all the right moves . The suspense builds nicely , the twists come as surprises and its key characters are vivid enough .
The remake ups the adrenaline factor , and features strong perfs across the board , yet feels bogged down by a weighty love triangle and a subject that merits more than the old-school good vs. evil approach .


@highlight

Its time-shifting narrative creates distracting casting problems , but ultimately , The Debt is a smart , well-acted entry in a genre that could use more like it .