There 's some genuine archival history threaded through the fantasy .
... there is no denying that Maddin is pushing not only himself as an artist ...
Guy Maddin has never tipped quite so far in the direction of autobiography as he has with My Winnipeg , and the effect is unexpectedly charming .
With his thrilling new documentary portrait of his hometown -- or rather , his new `` docu-fantasia '' -- Guy Maddin proves that you can go home again .
A remembrance of things forgotten .
Maddin mixes personal reminiscences with elaborate fantasies of Masonic rituals and collectivist brothels , to construct a vision of Winnipeg as a city of sleepwalkers .
Presented with such dreamlike flourish and humor that watching the movie is extremely entertaining .
Maddin 's exploration of his dysfunctional family life mirrors the crumbling facade of this major city . The symbolism is potent ; the skill with which Maddin applies it , masterful .
Leaves one alternately giddy and groggy
It 's so personal and so funny and so moving . Guy Maddin uses cinematic arts and crafts to convey his feelings about his home town
It 'll stay with you and haunt you in the best possible way long after you left the cinema .
My Winnipeg is too funny and touching to be labeled purely experimental . It 's magical , but the type of movie magic all can enjoy , if they only take a walk through the winter wonderland known as Winnipeg .
Guy Maddin docu about his hometown gives fans everything they 'd expect , plus a few moments of unexpected sincerity .
Maddin is a real film-maker with a confident , fluent movie language that is evolving in fascinating directions .
A film that makes what would seem like a mundane documentary into a funny , charming , relatable and interesting exploration of Maddin 's home .
This love/hate tribute to -LSB- director Maddin 's -RSB- hometown is one of the year 's weirdest , most memorable 80 minutes of celluloid .
Given its unusual blend of fact and fiction , the film is a real head-scratcher . Like most -- if not all -- of Maddin 's films , it 's as bewildering as it is visually arresting . And yes , that means it 's an acquired taste .
It 's actually Maddin 's most accessible film , and underneath the surreal images and foreboding narration is a relatively familiar message : You can go home again . And if you do , feel free to take some creative liberties here and there .
Maddin translated his befuddlement of Winnipeg to me , but not his fascination .
Maddin creates a rich tapestry weaving together fact and fiction .
A soft , drifting dream of a motion picture .
It 's sometimes uneven , but it 's glorious , too , with constantly churning invention and the guarantee that you have never seen anything like it before -- unless it came from Winnipeg and Guy Maddin .
The best way to take My Winnipeg is with a box of popcorn and a grain of salt .
Maddin 's weird , beautiful , funny and entertaining look at his hometown is probably about as personal and revealing as he 's ever likely to get .
Despite the film 's incredible specificity as one man 's take on one city , the wistful My Winnipeg achieves a powerful universality .
Superbly made , frequently funny and surprisingly moving , Guy Maddin 's weird and wonderful semi-documentary is a genuine treat .
This is a secret history , and it 's a wonder .
-LSB- Director Guy Maddin 's -RSB- striking combo of fact and fiction ... keep the eye interested and the mind wondering what is real or not .
... an unusual valentine to a city , shot through the heart by Maddin 's curious Cupid . A must-see for fans , a great introduction to the director 's work for the uninitiated .
Witty , moving and visually dazzling .
An affecting , dreamy , Chris Marker-esque , ciné-essay .
It 's probably -LSB- Maddin 's -RSB- best work yet ... his easiest , funniest and most watchable film .
This is an achingly beautiful film full of black-and-white images working as both stark reality and soft-focus dreams . Maddin contemplates the far-off sense of leaving Winnipeg and seeks renewal through an anti-nostalgic look back at it .
... dark , mesmerizing .
My Winnipeg is a mobile collage , and its assemblage is fascinating .
The result is Maddin 's most personal film and his easiest to love .
The world would be a better place if every city had its Maddin .
In the narration Maddin claims that Winnipeg has ten times as many sleepwalkers as any other city in the world , and though he 's surely making this up , it conveys his own sense of entrapment amid the town 's dreaminess .
If you love movies in the very sinews of your imagination , you should experience the work of Guy Maddin .
It 's a twisted but beautiful love letter to a city , not factually correct but emotionally true . At least for -LSB- director Guy -RSB- Maddin .
An unhinged , utterly delightful ` documentary ' .
For the uninitiated , I heartily recommend this free-associative , autobiographical gem .
Much of what Maddin asserts as truth is balderdash . He was not , for example , born in the locker room of the local hockey team 's arena .
Weird , fascinating and uproarious , My Winnipeg takes place not in chilly Manitoba but in the dreamscape of Canadian filmmaker Guy Maddin 's overheated imagination .
Maddin has concocted his own urban myth - an oddball chronicle that re-maps his city 's darkest back-lanes and by-ways as a repository for a lost innocence that neither he nor his fellow Winnipegers can ever fully recover , nor ever truly escape .
-LSB- Maddin -RSB- has so much inspiration that , of all our filmmakers , he must possess the greatest need to create .
One comes away not with an understanding of Winnipeg as a geographical location but a state of mind , a place where sleepwalkers wander and dream and never leave home because in their hearts , they never really want to .
The film , shot in black and white , like most of Maddin 's creations , is a treat for fans and a migraine for the uninitiated or terminally dull .
This haunting phantasmagoria of a film -- comic , singular , surreal -- is not only something no one but the Canadian director could have made , it 's also a film no one else would have even wanted to make . Which is the heart of its appeal .
A dryly hilarious picture .
This autobiographical meditation is seductively funny , as well as deliciously strange , and hauntingly beautiful , as well as stream-of-consciousness cockeyed .
My Winnipeg is like no documentary you 've ever seen .
It might sound horribly arrogant to turn a `` documentary '' about a city into a history of your own emotional development , but the more one studies the body of Maddin 's work , the more it makes sense .
-LSB- Maddin -RSB- 's basically playing at being a Busby Berkeley for the chronically depressed and/or cheerfully repressed .
Restaging his youth but making his own detours , Maddin transforms Winnipeg into a city of mystery .
An entrancing riffle through the olde curiosity shoppe of the filmmaker 's psyche .
My Winnipeg , which combines archival documentary images with freshly shot passages , is more concerned with lyrical truth than with literal accuracy .
Guy Maddin 's films are always delightful , but his latest , My Winnipeg , has an added treat for film buffs : It features Ann Savage !
You 're unlikely to find an easier entry into Maddin 's wild world than this black-and-white ` docu-fantasia ' , a dryly funny , cheerfully false autobiography .
Poignancy might be the last thing you 'd expect from this film
Snow and ice fill the frame in My Winnipeg , Guy Maddin 's ookily brilliant evocation of his childhood .
A movie that is as happily warped and enthusiastically disturbed as the rest of -LSB- director Guy -RSB- Maddin 's eccentric cinema .
May be the year 's stand-out achievement in alternate realities .
an awfully funny rendering of his home life as the runt of the litter
An incredibly creative docu-fantasia that explores the memory , history , dreams , and myths of his Canadian hometown .
In the bizarre and singularly delightful My Winnipeg , -LSB- director Guy -RSB- Maddin offers a docu-history of his hometown , entangled with memories of his childhood .
The latter part of ` My Winnipeg ' turns too easily to rant against the selling of the cherished past to a rush to modernity .
A fine salute to a place that , like Maddin 's mind , comes off as a packrat for barely surviving memories .
Shot in his signature black-and-white , the movie sustains a dreamlike quality that freely allows non sequitur ideas , historical events , and memories to come alive .
My Winnipeg is Maddin 's best filmmaking since the not-dissimilar confessional bargain-basement phantasmagoria , Cowards Bend the Knee . The editing is dense ; the action is fluid .
... no one else out there makes movies like this , and it has enough highlights that Guy Maddin fans should still seek it out .
My Winnipeg is overloaded and digressive -- it comes with the territory -- but it 's also grounded in a place , Maddin 's Manitoban hometown , and it 's painfully engrossing .
Some scenes of this docu-fantasy will try the viewers ' patience . Others are small gems .
Another unique , phantasmagorical , handcrafted spectacle that again confirms -LSB- Maddin 's -RSB- place as one of independent film 's wittiest , wildest and most singular talents .
This tongue-in-cheek `` docu-fantasia '' about the hold his snowbound Manitoba hometown has over him is weird , winning and hilarious .
Ingeniously madcap and heartfelt ... more than just a whimsical curiosity , My Winnipeg takes an extraordinary leap forward ...
The dominant Maddin is the narrating filmmaker , more palpably present than usual in the sound of his voice , bemoaning a lost golden age of his hometown faced absurdities of the tall tale .
It is a bygone hallucinatory dream location steeped in melodrama , which reveals contemporary truths as it embraces a ferocious fictional construct .
Reality or just another Maddin fever dream , whichever , the images are striking .
... a product designed to appeal solely to fans of filmmaker Guy Maddin 's admittedly off-kilter sensibilities ...
Deep , rich sound accompanies distressed , often unfocused black-and-white shots of nighttime winter streets , garishly lit interiors and archival footage . Splashes of color in cut-out animation segs add to the texture .
Part documentary , part autobiography , part psychotherapy , Maddin 's smooth narration and pithy asides take us in his inimitable style on a journey through what he dubs `` the coldest city in North America '' .
Part real documentary and part drop-dead hysterical farce ...
Holding its hallucinatory blend of archival footage , animation and skewed recreations of scenes from Maddin 's childhood together is the director 's inspired , entertaining narration .







@highlight

My Winnipeg is a charmingly irreverent ` docu-fantasy ' from the unpredictable mind of Guy Maddin .