Logically , I know that love is n't all you need . For the hour and a half I spent rewatching Across the Universe , though , I thought it was .
A baby-boomer masturbatory center
The actors all do considerable justice to the Fab Four 's classics , but they are ultimately failed by Taymor 's neglect of actual story .
Visually and thematically audacious ...
A marvelous visual experience that works even for non-Beatles fans .
chooses cheesy and nostalgic mis-en-scene over meaningful engagement with the musical material . A terrible disappointment .
` Across the Universe ' is whimsical silliness , imaginatively constructed but precious and gratingly excessive .
Across the Universe does n't completely work , but when it does , you 're in for one wild and wonderful ride .
The DVD two-disk set gives us the remarkable movie plus lots of extras
Proves compelling enough to give meaning to the whole as a successful experiment and stylization , if predictable and sentimental .
A shorter cut , stripped of some of the forced multiculturalism and contemporary political references , would play like gangbusters in middle schools .
It 's fun , it 's touching , it 's exhilarating and it strikes all the right chords ...
It 's a dicey proposition to reverse-engineer a story , and Across the Universe shows the strain ... -LSB- nonetheless -RSB- a very impressive music-video anthology . -LSB- DVD review included . -RSB-
While the story is not entirely coherent , the great Beatles music and numerous effective cast musical performances makes up for the film 's narrative weakness .
Uma obra frustrante , mas suficientemente curiosa para merecer uma pouco efusiva recomendação .
Misses by the size of the Atlantic Ocean in getting to what the Beatles were about .
Thoroughly entertaining and delightfully tuneful , this fun little film will have you singing to yourself for days afterwards .
an ambitious mess of a movie that stretches a thin premise across a bold canvas , resulting in moments of near ecstasy mixed with a nagging lack of emotional involvement
It 's more than a nostalgia trip . The real pleasure lies in Taymor 's ability to make it all seem brand new .
Whatever one thinks of it , it 's clear that this film is n't made from a recipe for mainstream American embrace .
Julie Taymor 's adventure in Beatle-land is a huge success , ripping the songs that defined a generation and its -LRB- dashed -RRB- hopes for peace in a microcosm of a love story
The jump the shark moment : Weary soldiers tote the Statue of Liberty across a tabletop Vietnam to the strains of the ` She 's So Heavy ' chorus from ` Abbey Road . '
This addictive and ambitious little pic will help you remember why you loved the Beatles so much in the first place .
A magical mystery tour with the power to restore one 's faith in both movies and music .
The Beatles will certainly want to drive across the city to see Across the Universe .
Two thirds amazing , one third off-putting and boring psychedelia , but the amazing stuff generally wins out .
Beatles musical hits strong notes amid sex , drugs .
A low-rent , off-Broadway spectacle that 's desperately in need of a stage
Across the Universe serves up a handful of brilliant music videos badly strung together by a lame narrative that borrows heavily from Hair .
The romance will be painful and tumultuous , and the film will find a way to tie together all external events to this seemingly personal connection .
It 's beautiful , moving , silly , strenuous , overreaching , exuberant and one of a kind .
... the long and winding road that is Julie Taymor 's opulent , eye-filling , and disappointingly uninvolving musical extravaganza ...
You need to know right up front that I 'm a music junkie , a person who can not stand to go very long without hearing music I love . Although I count hundreds of musicians among my favorites , The Beatles are in my top 10 .
Julie Taymor 's Across the Universe is an imperfect film , but it 's still five-full-stars ' worth of imperfect film .
Just as often silly as it is clever .
Somehow , the Beatles ' precious diamonds are glaringly missing from Lucy 's sky if not in Julie 's unevenly charismatic but cluttered and customary Universe .
In this amazing tribute to baby boomers and Beatles fans everywhere , Ms. Taymor has filled the screen with eye-popping music videos that actually tell a story - not stop it .
Trying to cram 33 songs and a reductive ` greatest hits ' approach to '60s politics into one movie is a tall order .
A movie made by Beatles obsessives , for Beatles obsessives ...
Across the Universe will have ardent defenders , but in the long run , it will do nothing to infuse life into the current minirevival of movie musicals and is as soft-headed as the wishful refrain All You Need Is Love .
Across the Universe is n't beholden to any stage incarnation . It owes its vision to the vibrant imagination of its director , who created a musical that reminds us how cultural-political events can change our tune .
Across The Universe goes irretrievably off key thanks to thin , artificial storytelling and director Julie Taymor 's hammer-handed approach to an already floundering script .
All the stylistic flourishes in the world can not cover up a screenplay that works better as a game to guess which song will accompany which cheesy generalization next .
-LSB- A -RSB- visionary attempt to wed a story of young love and 1960s war protest to the Lennon-McCartney catalog .
This lavish labor of love constantly walks a slender thread between masterpiece and folly , but when all is said and done , it confirms , for me , Taymor 's status as a master .
An innovative , marvelously constructed musical full of heart , humor , and feelings .
You feel , after two hours and a bit , that the Beatles deserve better and the Sixties a more defiant touch .
It 's too long , and the ambitious imagery -LRB- strawberries turning into bombs ? -RRB- occasionally misses the mark . But it 's a fun ride all the same .
The film 's too long but when it works , as in a slickly choreographed military induction scene with Taymor 's trademark giant puppets and carnival heads , it 's exhilarating .
This is like watching a car-crash in slow motion .
Across the Universe is much too literal-minded to be the far-out , visionary folly she may have intended - not so much cinema on LSD as the ravings of an earnest hippie in a recovery programme .
LIKE most musicals , the visually stunning Across The Universe has its hits and misses . But , as the film uses The Beatles ' back catalogue as its songbook , there really should n't have been any duff notes .
After two hours of butchered classics , it 's just a relief when it 's over .
What makes this the Battlefield Earth of musicals is the plot - a wafer-thin affair that might have been written by someone who once skimmed a short magazine article about the 1960s while waiting for their hair appointment .
The more this musical tried to look relevant , the more dated it felt .
So far out it ai n't never coming back . This flamboyant vehicle for The Beatles ' music is boldness exemplified - even if it does frequently trip on its own ambition .
All you need is love ... but a coherent vision does n't hurt either .
Thankfully , Sturgess keeps the film grounded with a rumpled , earthy charm , and Wood brings much-needed emotional depth . And yes , the songs will strike a chord as well .
The wide-eyed , openhearted sincerity of the thing never slackens , and neither does its spirit of invention .
... Julie Taymor 's rhapsodic mash note to John , Paul , George and Ringo falls just short of breathtaking .
Across the Universe is a classic example of ambition exceeding execution .
Most of the songs are performed in such saccharine style and staged so literally that they almost seem like they belong in a Broadway show . That 's a very bad thing .
Across the Universe is disarming , discombobulating and disappointing .
The Beatles survived Peter Frampton and the Bee Gees , so they 'll survive Julie Taymor , too .
Good casting and the wonderful strangeness of Taymor 's vision means that this movie is great fun .
Taymor has mistaken a deeply clichéd view of the late '60s for a radical slice of the zeitgeist . Let it be .
It 's the sort of movie non-Fab Four fans may struggle to like , occupying a space somewhere below the inspired dynamics of Moulin Rouge but well above the dated dirge that was Rent .
A load of kids singing Beatles tunes ? You better believe it .
There 's a lot of great stuff here , but it just does n't come together .
Muddled , overlong .
I never realized what a lush cast of characters populate Fab Four records . Or how giddy it would be to see Max , Jude , Jo-Jo , Prudence and Sadie come to life .
Think of it as more like a video installation at a gallery than a movie .
A groundbreaking , rule-bending , expectation-smashing musical .
Julie Taymor 's love-it-or-hate-it musical is hugely ambitious but it works brilliantly , thanks to strong performances , a fantastic script , terrifically integrated songs and Taymor 's inspired direction .
Every little thing Julie Taymor does is magic .
Julie Taymor 's wildly ambitious ode to the Fab Four is a flawed but occasionally fabulous change of pace .
... a mess that might be the camp classic of 2007 .
John Lennon would be proud .
Across the Universe is an oddity that crosses over to exhilaration and crooked beauty often , keeping the audience on their toes with this mash note to communicative spirits and rousing free-range creativity .
In the end , while The Beatles told us all you need is love , a movie needs more than that to find success .
You could make the same movie using the music of Huey Lewis . And most likely a less embarrassing one .
A Taymor triumph . A mélange of creativity using the Beatles music to express a generation in full . The fresh interpretation of the music is perfection .
Here 's an interesting failure : a collection of strung-together music videos -- scored with Beatles tunes -- that have plenty of Broadway pizzazz but no emotional resonance , a lot of visual distractions but nothing original to say .
You have to be totally open for the experience in order to appreciate and get lost in the weird , wonderful world Julie Taymor creates onscreen ...
Designed to encourage appreciation of the director 's visual flair and the sheer joy of the music . And such visual flair it is ; and such joyful music .
A monumental miscalculation of a musical .
It 's flawed but sometimes gorgeous and uplifting .
Phantasmagorical ! It 's a unique - if incoherent - counterculture voyage to nowhere . All you need is love , man .
Since the film is really an excuse to listen to the Beatles , you 'd be better served simply pulling out the old albums or putting your Beatles ' mp3 or CDs in a playlist on shuffle .
Even those resistant to or unmoved by the story can appreciate Taymor 's settings of the songs , and the arrangements by T-Bone Burnett and other studio masters .
I 'll go ahead and say it : I 'm embarrassed by how much I liked this movie .
The thin narrative wobbles like an alcoholic after last call .
One of those movies some people will hail as artistic , imaginative and visionary , while the rest of us wonder if those people are high .
not quite the masterpiece it could 've been , but as an experiment , as entertainment , and as a tribute to the group 's lasting inspiration , it works
An ambitious failure , but a failure nonetheless . For a film celebrating life and love , Across the Universe ironically and unforgivably leaves the viewer feeling cold .
You have to work so hard at forgetting everything you know about the boys from Liverpool , even as the movie constantly throws their monumental achievements directly at you , that it 's frequently not worth the effort
Across the Universe ca n't achieve the transcendence and exhilaration musicals strive for , but it often generates a singular kind of magic you 've never experienced before .
A monumental achievement that somehow snuck through the hit machine system ... There wo n't be a better film come Oscar time ... I 'm just grateful that it exists .
A phantasmagoric trip through the 1960s with the melodic music of the Beatles and a strident salute to love , liberation , and creative expression that will take your breath away if you just go with the flow .
An often-dazzling rock opera set to the accompaniment of 33 Beatles songs .
Despite all the inventive work , the film never achieves the soaring sense of bliss that would place it in the pantheon of movie musicals .
Just when you think the movie ca n't possibly get more literal , more kitsch-infused , more mortifyingly soft-headed , it does .
Across the Universe actually renders the greatest rock and roll music ever written as desperate and irritating as Britney Spears ' flop sweat .
A wildly creative magical mystery tour of a film that 's dying to take you away , dying to take you away , take you away .
Across the Universe captured my heart , and I realized that falling in love with a movie is like falling in love with another person . Imperfections , however glaring , become endearing quirks once you 've tumbled .
It 's overlong , exhaustingly so , and barely held together by the flimsiest of narratives .
Its crazed ambition . When it falls , it falls far , but at least that means it 's reaching high .
Across the Universe does n't have a story so much as a sloppy collage . It drops in character names from the lyrics and shoves in a new song whenever possible . But it only manages to do all that by mangling ideas and misreading the music .
An interesting failure , not a fascinating one .
An example of how not to let your `` grand idea '' get the better of you and make you forget about the basics of moviemaking , like character , plot , and , because this one 's a musical , people who can sing .
It is n't just another movie about the momentous events of the '60s , but rather a valentine to the era 's artistic and idealistic spirit as symbolized by the music of The Beatles .
The movie is no more than an interesting experiment and a rarity among movie musicals in that even if you enjoy it , you wo n't want to hear it again .
The movie succeeds on sheer catchiness , and -LSB- director -RSB- Taymor piles on enough visual extravaganza to conceal the fact that there is n't much of a story .
For die-hard fans of the Fab Four -- and anyone who was touched by the magic of the '60s -- the film is a strange , nostalgic , suitably outrageous ode to a very real revolution in consciousness .
You 'd have been better off sampling the brown acid at Woodstock than risking brain cells on Across the Universe , the bizarrely ornate nail Julie Taymor hammers into the Beatles ' coffin .
Taymor 's reach exceeds her grasp for fully half this ambitious film 's running time , but the other half is visually inventive and vividly attuned to the melancholy of the Beatles ' 1960s songbook .
Something that would have been a bad idea for an Off-Broadway concept show has inexplicably been turned into a bloated two hour and eleven minute movie musical .
There 's brilliance in there , that 's undeniable -- and if you 're in the right mood , that will be all you need .
Watching some sequences is as close to an actual drug experience as clean living can offer .
If you 're willing to submit to the schmaltz and the clichés , then there is a fun anticipation in not knowing what creative imagery or long-loved song Taymor might use next .
Julie Taymor 's flower-powery phantasmagoria is ambitious but ultimately tiresome .
The experience of the movie is joyous .
The Rent-like ensemble of yearning young people at the center of the story is a drag ; I wanted to turn the sound down on them and say rude things .
Contrary to what you may have heard , love is n't all you need .
Sometimes it works brilliantly , other times -LRB- masked dancers gyrating on ocean waves -- ick ! -RRB- you just want to run .
Yes , this is tour de force stuff , and yet , just like a good pop tune , the premise is all boy-meets-girl simplicity .
A resplendent feast for the eyes . Just do n't expect anything resembling a coherent storyline .
When it comes to the in-between scenes , the direction falls back to a routine , rudimentary style . -LRB- It makes a far better trailer than a movie . -RRB-
The film is too gauche to work as a real musical and too flat to work as camp .
It is overlong and under-plotted , visually vibrant but thematically pale . The characters are more alive in the original Beatles songs than they are on the screen .
I saw a film today , oh boy .
Across the Universe , in which Taymor shoehorns , contorts and otherwise bullies some of the Fab Four 's greatest hits into a vapid Hollywood musical , is the kind of project that must have looked great on paper . On screen , eh , not so much .
If you can get past its relatively minor failings , it 's hard not to be seduced by the big heart of this chaotic , colorful movie .
There 's so much to like , even love , about Across the Universe that you 're even more exasperated about its faults .
Across the Universe feels like something entombed on Broadway , made to instruct bored tourists while grasping after Importance . It 's an anomalous musical epic : a Pop movie without the excitement of pop .
As Beatles tunes are turned into schmaltzy goo , you 'll learn nothing about Vietnam , hate the Fab Four , and still have no clue what it means to be an eggman or a walrus .
After Hair , Hairspray and the mass marketing of tie-dye , can the '60s be shrunk to fit any further ? Yes , indeed .
Despite the film 's coda , the classic All You Need Is Love , you 'll need more than love -- like patience and tolerance -- for Taymor 's overlong -LRB- 133 minutes -RRB- , self-indulgent , excessively stylized musical collage , hampered by generic and banal narrative .
Some sort of absurd miracle -LRB- or miraculous absurdity -RRB- .
One could never argue that Across the Universe is n't ambitious . However , like many ambitious movies , this one fails spectacularly .
A lush , interesting mix of media - song , old-school psychedelic effects , acting & dance . It 's a musical tribute to Rock 's most loved British band that plays out in America .
Across the Universe would make for a much stronger picture if Taymor had worked from a better dramatic script , one that fleshed out the characters and made them a distinguishing force out to make history , like the Beatles themselves .
Julie Taymor has delivered an audacious , idiosyncratic creation that plays like a riff on Hair with Fab Four cachet , stretching a thin love story across one tumultuous decade .
While it 's overlong and not without problems , there can be no denying that Taymor has made an impressive , distinctive and unforgettable contribution to the musical genre .
Taymor 's signatures are visible throughout , but she is clearly trying hard to gussy up a screenplay that plays more like The Wonder Years without the cultural insight .
This ambitious musical balances its visual outrageousness with a moving story . It 's a little exhausting , but also wonderful .










@highlight

Psychedelic musical numbers ca n't mask Across the Universe 's clichéd love story and uninteresting characters .