This story is a tough one to hit the right notes on , but Oscar winning screenwriter of LA Confidential , Brian Helgeland , does just that .
Director Brian Helgeland 's 42 may not be the greatest baseball movie of all time ... but it may tell baseball 's most important story .
Mythic material , beautifully done , the winning performances and telling -LRB- true -RRB- incidents make this one not just for baseball devotees .
The game sequences are riveting , not only when Jackie slams a homer or steals a base , but also in the jubilance of him overcoming the negative atmosphere in which he was playing .
This honorable and enlightening film pays due respect to Jackie Robinson -- a sports legend and courageous American hero .
The Jackie Robinson story has always been more than deserving of a gaudy big-screen telling , and Helgeland is happy to oblige .
A dramatization of what Robinson did and what it required , 42 will not disappoint .
It 's not easy to play a stoic , but Boseman anchors the movie , and when he smiles , 42 , already such a warm story of such cold times , gets even brighter .
The style of the film , lush and traditional , is nothing special , but the takeaway , a daily struggle for dignity , is impossibly moving .
A hero without imperfections can be problematic . But Jackie 's nobility is more than well-earned , and tarnishing it for the sake of balance would be churlish . Besides , there 's enough evil at loose among the white characters .
Boseman gives a potentially star-making performance , while Ford , at 70 , segues smoothly from firm-jawed action hero to elder-statesman character actor .
It comes with a smooth burnished period look , and it tells a smooth and burnished story . Helgeland has good intentions but not much new to say about a real-life hero who wears his nobility and torment mostly as symbols .
The story is n't much more than a hit parade of `` Shut up , racist '' moments -- Alan Tudyk 's opposing manager just oozes with venomous talk -- but its blunt force is enough to get the job done .
As a fond gesture to a country coming out of the dark ages , 42 is a good-hearted attempt at Robinson 's story regardless of the historical realities it chose to gloss over .
42 is a hackneyed , cookie-cutter film that manages to tell us absolutely nothing about a turning point in American history .
The film certainly feels both well-meaning and well-intentioned , but 42 ca n't quite find a suitable tone or flow , fluctuating between quiet moments that convey tremendous emotion and over-the-top , hammy , stagey , and exposition-heavy sequences .
42 seems savvier than it tends to let on . A stiff production , it 's still enlivened , as it were , by the hilarious stiffness of Ford .
42 pitches an old-fashioned , spiritually uplifting sports drama at the same time it hits a resonant and timely home run for social equality .
42 is a solid crowd-pleaser about courage , endurance , justice and tolerance , but also about love : Robinson 's love for his wife , the bromance between Robinson and Rickey , and their love for the game of baseball .
The film does tell a moving story and delivers a worthwhile message about the importance of turning the other cheek .
The drama casts Rickey and Robinson in a heroic light in a story clearly meant to inspire , celebrate a pioneer and jog our collective or selective memory .
So 66 years after Robinson became the first black major league baseball player , here we are with 42 , which has been made with such reverence for Robinson 's importance that Robinson is barely there .
While the film leaves out the civil rights movement that played a role in making Branch Rickey 's mind up that segregated baseball was done , it is still first-rate . Family entertainment of the best kind .
An old-fashioned mix of baseball nostalgia and social conscience
A sweeping , solid biopic that 's nicely acted and evocative of its time , place and prejudice .
It 's a moving , involving film that 's packed with both snappy characters and a real sense of momentous history .
I wanted to kick Ford/Rickey into next Christmas , and you can add the movie . Its corny triumphalism is barely bearable .
Newcomer Chadwick Boseman is very likeable in the lead and has a nice rapport with Harrison Ford here having fun as the Dodgers ' shrewd owner , Branch Rickey .
Rousing climaxes , mostly well-earned , arrive every half-hour .
A predictable but stirring underdog story that 's less po-faced than it initially threatens to be .
Boseman gives Robinson personal self-assurance to match his physical confidence ; and it 's enjoyable to watch Ford stretching into a character role as the stubborn , shrewd but good-hearted Rickey .
It 's a gloriously sentimental , shamelessly enjoyable slice of apple pie that sugar-coats on a Willy Wonka scale .
Powerfully emotional and impressively acted , 42 is a superbly made biopic that tells the important story of one of the most significant figures in American history .
A handsome and suprisingly sturdy undertaking that explores the insidious effects of racism with a sharp eye .
If it had n't been for the number on the back of Robinson 's shirt , 42 could easily have stood for the amount of times this film makes you burst into tears .
Helgeland has crafted a decent sport movie , but one that feels too sanitized and feels too educationally minded to prove any genuine thought .
A well-told but square biopic doing justice to Jackie Robinson rather than exploring him .
It 's a schmaltzy , sanitised take on a tumultuous time , but even without edge or insight the story hits an emotional home run .
A workout for the emotions in the story of Jackie Robinson as a civil rights pioneer in the segregated sport of baseball in the 1940s .
Brian Helgeland 's 42 is a serviceable biopic that graces over the serious drama in exchange for a quick emotional reactions .
Writer-director Brian Helgeland delivers his best movie with 42 , a sharp , earnest tale about Jackie Robinson 's contributions to Major League Baseball .
To criticize 42 very harshly would be like kicking a puppy . It 's too nice , too well-meaning to warrant dislike .
The Western and musical may be all but dead , but the relatively recent ` civil rights ' genre thrives . Americans apparently crave reassuring re-enactments of racial progress and inspiring and shameful history lessons , coated in the honey glaze of nostalgia .
Even if it is n't the most in-depth telling of Robinson 's extraordinary journey , it is nonetheless a marvelously entertaining tribute to a very important man .
Considering the accomplishments of its subject both on and off the field , Robinson deserved better than standard-issue Hollywood hagiography .
Endearing and watchable . But it has the simplistic tone of a grade-school textbook .
Writer-director Brian Helgeland never balks in letting us experience the ugliness of racism over and over , as Robinson forces himself to bite his tongue as slurs , insults and baseballs are fired at his increasingly cool head .
Even if it may not necessarily read on Helgeland 's more surface-skimming page , it subtly yet deeply reads in Boseman 's eyes Robinson 's wrenching day-to-day struggle to maintain almost superhuman composure amid literally , viciously in-his-face prejudice .
If life-affirming inspirational stories are a turn-off , 42 is still worth watching .
a script that touches the well known base paths of Robinson lore without penetrating the man 's heart
42 delivers a powerful story , adding one more crucial piece to the puzzle that is American history . But as for a fleshed-out biopic that provides more pieces to the puzzle that was Jackie Robinson , the man ? For that , you 'll have to wait .
A terrific cast helps lift it above the crowd pleasingly routine fare typical of the genre , producing a solid triple of a baseball movie .
It ca n't be argued that 42 reaches the depth and complexity of -LSB- L.A. Confidential -RSB- , but what Helgeland does give us is a wonderful , huge , glossy , mythical portrait of America 's growing pains .
A square , uninventive , but detailed and stirring bio-pic devoted to the two years in an athlete 's life that changed a nation .
With overtones of `` The Natural '' and `` Hoosiers '' this is the best movie of 2013 so far .
Solid and heartfelt , ' 42 ' is less the story of Jackie Robinson than the story of how those around him reacted to the man who broke the color barrier for Major League baseball .
Boseman hits just the right notes as Robinson . He 's not a saint . He 's a man , with many of the same flaws all men have . He wears his emotions on his sleeve and he 's not afraid to show them .
The story is compelling . The acting is good and the historical period , including the old ball parks , are recreated very convincingly . The baseball scenes are well done .
It manages to be something that inspirational biopics , in my experience , virtually never are : inspiring .
This film reminds us that how we feel about our sports figures mirrors how we feel about our nation .
Competent but superficial historical tribute to baseball legend Jackie Robinson .
Helgeland 's handling of the material is simply too by the book , giving us the milestone in place of the man .
The baseball scenes are realistic , the acting is at the level of Lincoln , and the message is not overstated .
It 's not easy to steal home when you 've got a halo over your head but Boseman somehow manages .
`` 42 '' is a glorious tale of staying strong and having perseverance in the face of hatred .
There should be a Lifetime Sports channel . 42 would be a good movie for it
Perhaps not a great movie , but definitely a good adaptation of a great American story .
-LSB- Writer-director Brian -RSB- Helgeland shapes Jackie into a tested and proven American archetype : the strong , silent type .
It consists largely of white men saying vile , racist things to the saintly ballplayer , who restrains his anger -LRB- just -RRB- before hitting it out of the park , to triumphant music by Mark Isham .
The subject of this competent biopic is still overdue for a comprehensive , warts-and-all movie -LRB- after all , here was a black man who campaigned for Richard Nixon against John F. Kennedy -RRB- , but for the time being , this one will pleasantly do .
42 's a compelling , uplifting story about two men who deserve to be remembered .
`` This is a competent but mostly unexceptional film about a most extraordinary man . ''
`` 42 '' is a solid three-bagger of a movie . It is a fitting tribute to a pioneer who , simply because he wanted to play baseball , bore a burden unlike any one else in baseball .
Certain storylines and characters are more nuanced than others but , overall , 42 is a multi-faceted blend of exciting baseball scenes and captivating human drama .
It 's flamboyantly square and corny . It starts big and gets even bigger , demanding that you get on board . It offers zero surprises and a palatable historical glossiness , but also terrific David-slays-Goliath pleasures .
It 's a button-pusher of a movie , as these inspirational sports films usually are . But that 's okay .
It 's not particularly raw or gritty , rather it 's as though Disney got their hands on an unbelievable Hollywood script and made the live-action film . Luckily for sports fans and human beings everywhere , these events actually happened .
It 's a great way for kids of younger generations to meet one of the great athletes ... and human beings ... of all-time .
42 hits too many obvious Biopic Moments , but Chadwick Boseman 's Jackie Robinson is too busy swatting home runs to care .
It was also going to take a special actor to play Jackie Robinson , and the producers found him in Boseman .
42 is a solid , workmanlike biopic that trudges along without an excess of nuance , but with a commitment to the notion that ennobling sentiment and entertainment can co-exist .
This story inspires and entertains with a vital chapter in this nation 's history .
As a baseball movie , in its period look , in delivering its message : This entertaining picture is a solid double off the warning-track wall .
Skimming pleasantly enough along the surface of more potentially roiling drama , and lacking an inner boil , 42 is a biopic of carefully crafted but ultimately superficial uplift .
Helgeland shows a deep respect for the game and for what Robinson accomplished by telling this baseball story through the human drama .
Just as 42 is a reminder of Robinson 's importance to those who struggled for basic human rights of recognition and dignity during segregation , it 's a reflection of those still persevering for equality .
The filmmaking is TV-movie-of-the-week dull and Robinson 's ordeal is hammered home to the exclusion of virtually everything else in his life .
Digital recreations of Ebbets Field , Crosley Field , and Forbes Field ring true , but pleasing the hardball historians does n't interfere with entertaining folks who 've never heard of those departed shrines .
The movie is sentimental , and it has a right to be , but the actors take great pains to portray their characters as men and women in full .
It 's in the details and the performances that ' 42 ' rises above a script that tends to be too calculated and academic and a tone too indebted to ` The Natural . '
42 is enjoyable as hagiography goes , but for a genuinely important subject it has all the density of a soufflé .
`` A kind and decent film , though it does n't add to Robinson 's legacy . ''
42 proves an important theory on biopics : a historical figure can be too significant for the Hollywood treatment .
Inspiring Jackie Robinson biopic has great messages .
While it may not be the best baseball film ever , the movie leading up to that cliched home run crack of the bat is definitely worth watching .
No home run but 42 does manage to go three for five at the plate . Harrison Ford 's performance is the real reason to catch this one .
Robinson did more for dudes with female names ' rights than any politician or activist . It 's no wonder that every Major League team retired his jersey number , which was ... Huh . Ca n't seem to recall .
I 've become gun-shy about trusting any film that 's telling a true story , so I do n't know how accurate 42 is ... but it does hit the essential points of a great American saga .
-LSB- It -RSB- takes a crucial piece of sports and social history and treats it with kid gloves , substituting Hollywood gloss for real-world grit .
I found myself satisfied with the fact that `` 42 '' is merely a good movie because Robinson 's story is so profoundly important , not just in baseball history , but in the scope of American history as well .
An earnest biopic that misses the ball .
I found the movie engrossing , uplifting and entertaining throughout . -LRB- Complete Content Details for Parents also available -RRB-
It 's so straight-forwardly shot as to be unimaginative , but the story is an undeniably inspirational one , complemented by strong production values and a peppering of humor .
-LSB- Boseman -RSB- captures , in a clenched jaw or a sidelong glance , a lifetime 's worth of dearly attained dignity and barely contained rage .
In the hallowed frames of 42 , the legend is front and centre and still inspiring . Too bad the more interesting man is nowhere to be seen .
You do n't have to love baseball to love the film 42 , but it could n't hurt .
If anybody deserves to be portrayed as noble , it 's Jackie Robinson .
An inspiring , old-school biopic that does n't pull any punches in depicting the ugly racism that Jackie Robinson faced on a daily basis as the first African-American player in Major League Baseball .
A stirring , straightforward and ultimately soaring portrayal of Robinson 's historic entry into Major League Baseball in 1947 .
The film is by no means subtle ... but this is not a subtle period the film presents .
' 42 ' wo n't teach you a thing , but for a film that could n't have been very good , it 's not bad .
Award-quality work by Boseman , Ford , and Helgeland highlight this fascinating , moving film of an American hero , an accurate biopic for fans and non-fans alike .
The beauty of the Jackie Robinson story is that it 's so naturally inspiring that not even lethal amounts of bombast , sentimental writing , soaring strings , hammy acting or desperate hyperbole can tarnish it beyond repair .
An enjoyable tribute to one of baseball 's biggest heroes , -LSB- but -RSB- it 's not as memorable as the source material warrants .
One of the more inspirational sports films you 'll see .
This is baseball 's Greatest Story Ever Told , and Helgeland tells it very , very well .
By burnishing Jackie Robinson 's legend to such an unnaturally high polish , 42 does Robinson the man -LRB- and the actor who plays him , the relative newcomer Chadwick Boseman -RRB- a disservice .
Robinson 's story had so much drama in real life , and his sacrifice and pain made such a lasting influence , that `` 42 '' ends up being effective in its gee-whiz way almost in spite of itself .
Helgeland 's film is square , but it 's a really solidly built square -- the kind of square that can be used as a foundation for something sturdy and true .
When 42 gets it right , the movie achieves at least momentary greatness .
Best Sports Movie in Years
For all the 1940s hokiness of 42 , with its big cars and big bands and peanuts and Cracker Jack , it 's a wonderful surprise to see that there 's a recognizable human being at the center of the hoopla .
42 escapes the trappings of sheer hero worship largely thanks to Boseman , whose relative anonymity eliminates any potential star baggage . More than that , he strikes a tough balance .
Mr. Helgeland 's ponderously reverential biopic is a string of unearned runs .
It 's a great and triumphant story , and writer and director Brian Helgeland -LRB- an Oscar winner for his L.A. Confidential screenplay -RRB- brings it to life in burnished , old-fashioned Hollywood style .
Though not accurate in every particular , the movie mostly succeeds in respecting the facts of history and the personality of its hero , and in reminding audiences why he mattered .
Well-paced and often riveting , and manages to inspire while remaining true to the sport and to the player who changed it and all of professional sport forever .
There 's not enough of Robinson 's back story to convey the full drama of his place in history .
Shameless , sure . But effective .
Even the most woefully sports-ignorant probably know all the plot points here by heart . For all its feel-good sports-movie predictability , 42 ... is surprisingly effective and even , at a couple of points , moving .
Has its heart in the right place but plays the inspirational card too often , and too ham-fistedly .
Rarely have the words `` inspired by a true story '' been so true as in `` 42 , '' because inspirational it is .
... the film has warmth , a genuine love of its subject shining through .
Jackie Robinson 's story is movie-perfect and almost guaranteed to put a lump in your throat .
Rousing , inspirational and understandably earnest .
As Robinson , Boseman has both physical grace and sly charm .
Ironically , the most valuable player here is Harrison Ford , giving one of the best performances of his career as Brooklyn Dodgers manager Branch Rickey .
It 's a valuable history lesson , an intelligent drama that hits all the right emotional buttons , and an inspiring portrait of a true American hero .
It 's worth seeing because the film is competently presented and the story is inherently important , but I could n't help be disappointed that the result was n't more fresh or visionary .
While director/writer Brian Helgeland inevitably employs - or fails to avoid - some of the hoariest visual , thematic and structural cliches of sports biopics , the film is surprisingly effective .
The movie is a home run , and Ford is a grand ham .
It 's an earnest endeavor , but for 2013 , it 's about time the true grit of Jackie Robinson is celebrated , not just the thick outline of his bravery .
A likable hagiography as nuanced as a plaque at the Cooperstown Hall of Fame .
Yes , it is an overly sincere history lesson even more than a paint-by-numbers biography , but it 's a history lesson of which we regularly need to be reminded . Entertainingly , comprehensively , and in very human ways , that is what this film does .
42 is pleasant experience at times , but is a disappointment on the whole , even with great performances from Chadwick Boseman and Harrison Ford .
There is more to Jackie Robinson 's story than what up on the screen . Sadly , no mere movie could do his legacy justice .
If you were to order `` 42 '' at the ballpark you 'd get a corndog .
42 a Fitting Tribute to Robinson 's Grit
Reasonably good , but a better Robinson biopic could - and should - be made .
A fine drama which throws no curves , allowing for an easy hit . You 'll be hard-pressed to not feel inspired by film 's end .
42 instantly enters the pantheon of great baseball movies , but it 's much more than that .
Packs a lot of power , thanks to an evocative sense of its period and star-making performances by Chadwick Boseman as Robinson and Nichole Beharie as his wife .
Can a superhero wear a baseball uniform instead of a cape ?
Even if you 're not a baseball fan , it 's an inspiring and hopeful piece of history .
The inspirational movie named for Robinson 's number is too dignified to throw audiences a curveball , let alone a knockdown pitch , but its solid fundamentals make it a winner .
It 's a sports film nonsports fans can love ; it 's a family film that never preaches ; it 's a biopic that also takes in the world and people around its subject .
`` 42 '' settles for too little , for being an attractive primer , an introduction to the legend of Robinson and the faith that saw him through .
An inspiring reminder that we need real-world heroes to expand the limits of our own aspirations .
If you want a crowd-pleaser that confirms your belief in America 's steady , pre-ordained progression away from racism , this will do fine .
Relentless obviousness disappears in the second half of 42 , which features a potentially star-making turn from Chadwick Boseman .
Deals with big emotions and allows you to feel them without stacking the deck or pushing obvious buttons . Instead , it lets the story of Jackie Robinson pack the punch .
Falls back too frequently upon manipulation and speech-giving to get its obvious points across .
`` 42 '' can feel incomplete -LRB- the bland music and the filmmaker 's obsession with dates and places are problematic -RRB- , yet at the same time it offers a very good place to start .
Helgeland has given us an impressive introduction to one of the most important men in U.S. history . But you ca n't help wanting more .
There are many less flattering things you could say about a movie than that it 's enjoyable in a square , uncomplicated , stirringly old-fashioned way .
It 's thoroughly embalmed in the glossy lacquer of conventional baseball movies , and limited further by trying to deal with the horrors of racism in that context .
`` 42 '' is competent , occasionally rousing and historically respectful - but it rarely rises above standard , old-fashioned biography fare . It 's a mostly unexceptional film about an exceptional man .
If you want to see a completely by-the-numbers Hollywood biopic that indulges a sort of surface-level myth-making , `` 42 '' is that film , and I suspect that 's exactly the film they set out to make .
More a string of rousing speeches than a narrative .
The film elevates the story of Jackie Robinson to that of cornball legend rather than just honoring his legitimately uplifting , heroic saga by telling it straight .
What Jackie Robinson achieved , on and off the baseball field , is the stuff of legend . It deserves to be . This decent , formulaic salute does the job of recounting it , yet never shows half the ambition of the people it depicts .
This big-budget period piece is more concerned with burnishing a legend than dramatizing a life .
At the top of a new baseball season , it 's hard not to root for a movie that 's in it for the love of the game .
If you want a sense of a true all-American hero , this film is a fine place to start .
It would be hard to overstate Jackie Robinson 's importance to baseball and to American history , but 42 nearly does .
With 42 , -LSB- Helgeland -RSB- expands his skills to turn a mountain of research into a cogent life story worth retelling .
-LSB- VIDEO ESSAY -RSB- Writer-director Brian Helgeland 's methodically balanced biopic about revered baseball legend Jackie Robinson manages the near-impossible feat of offering all things to all people .
An emotionally-draining biopic featuring Oscar-quality performances from Harrison Ford and Chad Boseman in what is easily Hollywood 's best offering of the year thus far .
For all the hate and hostility it depicts , 42 is a film about decent-hearted people . Hate can be infectious , but so can decency . It 's the decency you 'll take away from 42 .
Jackie Robinson helps break baseball 's color bar when he plays for the Brooklyn Dodgers in 1947 . Moving account of an American icon .
Rather than letting its hero 's accomplishments and behavior speak for themselves , Helgeland hammers home every achievement and then puts a halo around it , as if anyone wo n't get it otherwise .
A relentlessly formulaic biopic that succeeds at transforming one of the most compelling sports narratives of the 20th century into a home run of hagiography .
Earnest , righteous , overlong but very entertaining , and darned accurate as history .
The film feels subdued and a little stiff , as if afraid to add too much drama or cinematic style to the historical facts .

@highlight

42 is an earnest , inspirational , and respectfully told biography of an influential American sports icon , though it might be a little too safe and old-fashioned for some .