There are some lapses in taste along the way but Black and Marsden both impress in an undeniably original film that defies convention and offers almost as much drama as comedy .
... what you have is a surprisingly heartfelt and very good relationship drama trapped in the premise of a bro comedy .
Unexpected developments ensue , including actual hilarity , amazing -LSB- Jack -RSB- Black - -LSB- James -RSB- Marsden chemistry , and a scorched-earth subversion of the default homophobia that 's otherwise so common to movies like this .
Black and Marsden are truly great in these roles . The script is dumb and has them doing idiotic , inexplicable things , but the characters they embody have serious depth and range .
Refreshingly subversive and featuring a never-better Jack Black , The D Train takes bromantic comedies to their natural conclusion .
A disappointing dark comedy .
The introduction of too many ill-conceived sub-plots fails to enhance or execute the essential tenets of the narrative , only serving to detract and distract from the film 's overall philosophy , lacking the sharp , subversive edge required for black comedy .
As fresh and well meaning as it is problematic , taking a new comedy staple - the bromance - and flipping it upside down .
Woefully bad feint at a dramedy in which everyone agrees the ` hero ' is a terrible excuse for a man ... and he gets the message that he is awesome anyway .
The D Train is an original take on the clichéd reunion story we 've seen so many times before , but it 's not for the faint of heart . This is an intelligent , dark comedy with a hard R rating .
Overall , The D Train is a wacky , welcome and very funny surprise .
An interesting oddity .
Mogel and Paul are stuck halfway between slapstick and satirical black comedy , committing to neither and creating some gaping plot holes via their indecision .
A bitter , weird , daring and almost angry comedy . And yet , that 's what life is about . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A provocative drama wrapped in the skin of an adult sex comedy , this sharply written and performed movie is hugely entertaining even as it grapples with some big issues .
The D Train has a great set-up but fumbles in the second half , going for easy laughs and obvious situations .
There may be an interesting idea lurking in here somewhere , but any subversiveness is lost amid cod-indie gurning and comic bum notes .
We 're not quite in Bobcat Goldthwait country , but we have pulled up into adjacent territory .
The central figure in The D Train -LRB- the title refers to the unearned nicknames that he constantly tries to award himself -RRB- , Dan -LSB- as played by Jack Black -RSB- is a tragic monster .
Jack Black gives one of his most nuanced and affecting performances in this oddball indie comedy .
A quirkily engaging , sporadically very funny comedy .
Wobbles off the rails .
This bromance-flavoured comedy has more edge than you might expect .
The D Train certainly takes you on a fun ride .
Marsden 's uninhibited faux celeb is spot on , but the rest falls short of the mark .
Satirising male midlife breakdown and bromantic anxiety in a way that brings a certain subtext up to the surface .
This engaging and well-acted indie impactfully alters the standard bromance narrative , being as pleasingly unexpected as it is excruciating .
-LSB- Black -RSB- gives one of his better performances in The D Train , a comedy that 's almost too unassuming until it takes a major turn .
Centered around a rude surprise , The D Train has some guts , and I like that in a movie . It earns points for trying .
High school reunion dramedy has mature sexual content .
Before it inevitably runs out of nerve , for a while it presents as a well-observed rumination on the pathetic dynamics of male egoism and the caste-setting function of high school .
It 's a dual portrait of two different but equally unlikeable losers , so the movie is lucky to have Black and Marsden , whose basic likeability makes us wish them well if they can only learn their lesson .
Andrew Mogel and Jarrad Paul , making their directorial debut , manage the difficult task of keeping the audience engaged even though both of the main characters are unlikable .
Takes us to a place at which other bromantic comedy protagonists stop short .
... is n't funny enough to play as a straight comedy nor dark enough to resonate as a black comedy , but should be commended for sticking with its ballsy plot twist .
With one genuinely surprising plot twist , it presents itself as a proud provocation and a challenge to both audience expectations and the ` bromance ' subgenre ; unfortunately , this ` Train ' does not come to a stop until it has re-entered the safety zone .
This is a much , much better movie than this particular aggregating website might lead you to believe .
... it dares to make us uncomfortable , forcing the viewer to shed their own sense of denial to examine the falsehoods we embrace that keep us afloat , and the damage they do .
Maybe there 's no way to pull it off . Instead of trying to make something meaningful out of its mound of plot material , The D Train retreats into the warm embrace of cheap laughs .
Its greatest flaw is that it sees its characters as superficially as they see themselves .
It 's difficult to invest in a character willing to risk his job for such low stakes , especially a father ... The D Train loses steam as it wavers between subversive and inevitable
In the end , ` The D Train ' is n't much more than an admirable failure .
The D Train can easily be distilled as a disjointed collection of irritating humor sprinkled over moments that seek-yet seldom approach-sincerity .
Where it fails as a comedy , it makes up for in its quieter , sadder moments and works better as character study than a `` Jack Black '' comedy .
'D Train ' jumps the track before it leaves the station ... strained , profane , off-putting . I ca n't remember spending a more unpleasant 100 minutes in the dark .
The D Train is a unique adult comedy that features Jack Black and James Marsden pushing their limits as actors into diverse directions , but it 's all for naught since it fails to provoke laughter or emotionally move the viewer in the slightest .
A satisfying ride for adventurous moviegoers who do n't mind a dash of acidity squirt all over their popcorn .
The D Train does n't fully exploit its good comic ingredients . It paints itself into a sad , anxious corner from which it can not escape .
The laughs are sporadic and the concept is too detached from reality to yield any nostalgic resonance .
Black might have been game for a dive into obsessive pathology , a look at a man who is broken for reasons having nothing to do with his circumstances , but the film does n't have much interest in that .
Takes a recognizable milieu and injects it with a degree of cheery strangeness that sets the film apart .
The screenplay does n't capitalize on the revelatory aspects , but devolves into the same narcissistic male bonding shenanigans we 've endured before .
`` The D Train '' has to be one of the more schizophrenic movies in recent memory . What starts off as an amiable comedy turns into a dark string of events that purport to be funny , but they only serve to change the whole character of the film .
There are big laughs in some of the farcical situations here , but the nostalgic vibe built into the soundtrack spills over into a throwback sensibility that aims warmer and cuddlier than the material demands .
`` The D Train '' may be a scant and rather unconvincing comedy , but it deserves credit for taking a risk .
The frank execution of the film 's surprisingly bold premise is just enough to outweigh the fact that it 's not funny enough as a comedy and too unfocused as a drama .
An attempt to be both funny and an offbeat character study , but it does n't do either very well .
Nothing about `` The D Train '' feels the least bit authentic , and worse , little about it is funny . That 's a deadly recipe for a dark comedy .
The D Train is an accessible celluloid debate on society 's often expected barriers of sexuality .
The last act of The D Train becomes a hilarious , deeply weird , and ultimately touching medley of delusion , humiliation , and friendship .
Starts out as a sort of bro-com , but soon creeps over to the dark side , where some fine performances and an array of implausibilities await .
The movie goes for grin-and-cringe-inducing , and instead achieves `` excruciating . ''
This is a much weirder and darker comedy that one might expect , like `` The King of Comedy '' as played out on the parquet floor of a high school gymnasium .
The film 's single funniest bit is a quick cutaway to Tambor , seen from his hotel room TV 's POV eating a room service dinner .
Funny and sad , in equal measure , The D Train marks Jack Black 's triumphant return to subtle comedy .
Unsuccessful at being a funny , if ribald R-rated comedy , or an examination of how deep old high school wounds might run . -LRB- Full Content Review -- Sex , Profanity , Violence , etc. -- for Parents also available -RRB-
Marsden is rapidly positioning himself as a worthy comic successor to Christopher MacDonald : that good-looking actor who is potentially any movie 's comedy secret weapon .
The movie flirts with a great darkness about disillusionment and self-loathing even as it races around spinning comedic plates . Too bad the filmmakers lose their nerve by film 's end .
A cringe-filled comic rumination on the cost of being cool , `` The D Train '' starts out as straight silliness and then turns to more aching matters .
-LSB- Dan 's -RSB- humiliation is the sole joke of The D Train , and it 's more than a bit cruel ...
The D Train is proof that awkward and creepy can be funny and likable , even with main characters who are n't .
Makes a potent , empathetic mark while providing concrete proof that Jack Black has what it takes to have a second life as a character actor of immeasurable depth and compassion .
A recognizably delusional schlub sits at the center of the loser comedy `` The D Train , '' thanks to the sad-sack acumen of Jack Black .
No matter how crazy the storyline gets , the way the characters respond to it has to make sense , and that is where `` The D Train '' goes , well , off the rails .
For long stretches , `` The D Train '' serves as a commodious vehicle for Mr. Black , who , like the best comic performers , never seems remotely concerned about going too big or risking the audience 's love .
Ultimately , the movie does n't know what it is , and the actors ' performances suffer for it .
Do n't be surprised if The D Train goes on to become a cult fave .
While it dwells in a much darker realm than American humor generally ventures into , what it uncovers is worth a stare . Maybe even a shudder .
The D Train becomes as frantic and flustered as Dan , hopscotching from farce to drama , and ends up fatally stranded between the two .
Any real resonance gets swallowed up by a story that 's excruciatingly uncomfortable rather than genuinely funny .
In the end , though , I did not have any sympathy for lying Dan -LRB- Black -RRB- or narcissistic Oliver -LRB- Marsden -RRB- , making `` The D Train '' less than likable
A movie that wants to push the envelope but in the end is so clumsy and cautious about it that the result hardly amounts to a nudge .
Black 's narcissistic , obsessive , stunted Dan is so careless about all his relationships - with his wife , son , boss - that you wonder how he ever had them in the first place .
Black 's performance is the key to making The D-Train more than just another sophomoric bromance . The wild-eyed mania is still evident , but channeled through a filter of pity .
Jack Black and James Marsden make a game effort , but The D Train does not arrive anywhere especially satisfying .
The D Train is long on high-concept comedy , then runs out of steam and becomes a forced and far-fetched drama .
A deeply uncomfortable , bizarre and ultimately successful dark comedy that has a lot of intriguing , if not entirely original ideas
Sadly , the film lacks its hero 's willingness to `` go there '' for the sake of glory , and winds up merely middling - a fatal flaw .
The D Train is one hell of a ride - a bleak , audacious ride that makes itself harder and harder to like with each gut-punch of insincerity .
The film is sharp and funny and interested in shaking up the formulas . It just needs to follow through on upending predictability .
The D Train introduces the most aggravating character imaginable , then forces you to spend 97 minutes with him .
For a vulgar American comedy , this is refreshingly low-key and generous . I admired its intentions without finding it all that funny .
So many comedies toy with the idea of the man crush , but always on one side of an invisible line . The D-Train just breezes right over the line like it was never there in the first place , and that 's truly beautiful .
By the time The D Train has anything important to say -LRB- albeit at the cost of some poorly conceived , mildly homophobic jokes -RRB- , the shock of the central plot device has worn off .
While Black is painfully effective as the dork who drops slangy kudos on his new BFF , Marsden is a revelation .
The film goes off the beaten path to tell a very familiar story in an unfamiliar way , turning the mismatched buddy dynamic Black and Marsden had developed into something much more complicated and interesting .
The D Train hangs some inspired ideas and winning comic moments on material that 's not strong enough to support them .
A bromantic comedy with a sharp edge of melancholy , this indie casts Jack Black and James Marsden in the sort of parts they play frequently , then pushes them toward pathos .
A well intended but scattered dramatic comedy built around the performance of the likeable Jack Black in an very unlikeable role .
Some critics are getting all up in the face of this audacious dark comedy for , well , being audacious . What are we supposed think about a movie that does n't conform to formula ? I 'd start with grateful .
The issue is the story . It 's not just uneven , it 's often unfunny : tinged with homophobia and centered on a wholly unlikeable , self-absorbed man .
`` The D Train '' is far from perfect - up to and including the waste of Kathryn Hahn in a lifeless , stereotypical role as Dan 's wife - but it has its moments . And most of them belong to Marsden .
What ` The D Train ' ca n't do is figure out how to be progressive and farcical at the same time .
Black 's feeble attempt to make Dan funny and relatably wounded should inspire the executive who felt the actor needed a comeback to call whomever he/she needs to and mutter , ` Never mind . '
While the picture appears to embrace self-sabotage , it remains an offbeat charmer with appropriately itchy performances .
There 's fertile soil for comedy here , if Dan Lansmann were written as anything other than a lying , narcissistic , windbag sociopath .
It 's a mess , but it 's a commendable mess . Bonus points for ambition and nerve .
It should be obvious by now that Black is much more than a funny fellow . This is a good actor with a particular strength at playing protected , disturbed personalities - secretly angry people trying with all their might to be something they 're not .
Writer/directors Jarrad Paul and Andrew Mogel let the movie run out of steam a bit before its ending -LRB- things get weirdly gooey -RRB- , but Black keeps us hanging on as `` The D Train '' swerves ; you hope that , somehow , he 'll get through the journey safely .
The film uses its male-on-male boundary-leaping to give the shopworn man-boy narrative a refresh .
Black gives a career-highlight performance as an all-too-regular-guy tripped up by fame , fear , bad high school memories and a diabolically charming James Marsden in a strange , sharp comedy .
So many t 's are uncrossed and i 's undotted that the movie is a mess . Still , I was fascinated by what it might have been .
The D Train has one great idea , a couple strong jokes , and a void at its center - a man who is only believable when he briefly becomes specific .
A very different movie than you think , this is a warm , generous , kindhearted film that dares to go places other such comedies fear to tread .
A few squirm inducing laughs , but neither sweet and cute nor edgy and mean enough to pay off .
The D Train ultimately generates so few laughs from its thin `` be yourself '' message that a commendable refusal to gawk at the gay stuff is all that keeps it on track .
Instead of trying to get the biggest laughs , the movie muddles along and generally falls flat .
The screenplay for The D Train , which is rooted in humor , lends itself to an entertaining take on a worthy , if not entirely original , message .
-LSB- A -RSB- queasy , schematic , wanly sentimental comedy ...
The first half of the film is simply not as funny as you want it to be but Marsden 's career-best turn and a superb third act really turn things around .
Just another raunchy bromantic comedy that earns a few laughs before petering out .
Some may buy it , but from several perspectives what takes place simply seems beyond the pale dramatically ; it 's hard to believe things would go as far as they do .
The `` neither this nor that '' quality torpedoes any hope of accepting its characters and their far-fetched shenanigans as anything resembling real life . The result is a film as annoying as its lead character .
This umpteenth film about a class reunion cuts a little deeper and gets a little edgier than its peers , finding plenty of humour and a surprising amount of chemistry by pairing Jack Black and James Marsden .
Edgy and soft , audacious and coy , a largely enjoyable letdown .
`` The D Train '' is a good-humored , warm-hearted movie in which Black , as usual , excels .

@highlight

The D Train offers Jack Black a too-rare opportunity to showcase his range , but its story and characters are too sloppily conceived to hold together as a film .