-LSB- Etty -RSB- is not only the standout subject of the triptych , but her courage and the film 's portrayal of her transition into general society makes the whole thing a must-see .
One of Us gives us a peek inside a mostly isolated world , and through it we learn that it has all the same problems .
One of Us is a heartbreaking and devastating documentary
They had no interest in making an `` objective documentary , '' although I doubt the Hasidim would have made themselves available to two women with a camera and their own hair .
So much remains unresolved that when coupled with an inability to delve into the interior world of the Hasidic community makes for an unfinished , unsatisfying film .
One of Us offers a rare window into a highly insular community that is often misunderstood , or tacitly sanctioned for fear of stoking anti-semitism .
Shocking docu on abuse in Orthodox faith ; cursing , violence .
Goes farther into observing closed Hasidic ultra-Orthodox Jewish community than other nonfiction ... The emotional pain of those trying to leave its control tugs at the heart .
The terror and trauma of fleeing fundamentalism is front and center in One of Us , a harrowing new documentary .
... it 's broadly understandable , too , which makes One of Us a bridge into empathy even for the outsider .
This is complex and often explosive subject matter , and in examining it , the excellent team of Ewing and Grady tread as carefully as they can .
It 's fascinating , but it feels incomplete .
Deeply involving story of 3 Hasidic Jews who break away from a sect that provided both support and frustration . My choice for best documentary of 2017 .
Yet though none of the subjects , connected to different degrees to the Satmar sect , regrets leaving and joining the wider world , their after stories as well as their before ones touch on loneliness , insecurity and even trauma .
An eye-opening , emotionally wrenching documentary from the directors of Jesus Camp about three young people fighting to escape New York 's strict Hasidic community .
As a documentary , `` One of Us '' is a small act of portraiture , but each portrait captures the pain of having a life upended .
The film is a nuanced and moving illustration of the dilemma facing doubting members of the growing Hasidic community in New York City , home to the world 's largest population of Jews outside of Israel .
It 's incisive in its condemnation of the oppression innate in the social structure of Brooklyn 's Hasidic communities .
Reportedly no more than two percent of Hasidim leave the fold . This picture is an apt dissection of a few who wanted out and left .
Following three former Hasidim over a fraught and eventful three-year period , Heidi Ewing and Rachel Grady have made their most powerful and complex film .
Employing intimate , evocative aesthetics to amplify their material 's heart-wrenching power , the filmmakers craft a harrowing portrait of trauma , bravery and insular societal oppression .
First and foremost a heart-wrenching account of three lives , lost and scared and searching for repair .

@highlight

Harrowing and heartbreaking , One of Us offers an intimate , revealing glimpse inside a notoriously private community and those who would dare defy it .