Very funny .
Unfortunately even the most loveable rogues can outstay their welcome ; this is a television idea that does n't go the distance .
The film retains the TV program 's balance between its natural warmth and a wonderfully crass sense of fun .
You can understand why this television series struck such a chord with Canadian audiences and why the film shot to number one in that country .
The three central characters are an acquired taste , probably by the same fanclub that digs loser/doper comedies like Dumb and Dumber or the terrible Aussie equivalent , You and Your Stupid Mate
If the film 's release brings more attention to this potential cult classic , then it 's done its job .
If your idea of humor is spending time with creepy-looking lowlifes who do n't have a brain among them , by all means check out Trailer Park Boys . The rest of you can save your money for better , smarter movies .
The film aims low but it keeps hitting its mark with hilarious accuracy . The bottom line for a comedy is , does it make you laugh ? This one does .
Unlikely to reap success on these shores .
Co-writer/director Mike Clattenburg is right on target with his trio of inept trailer-park criminals .
The entire cast is wonderfully committed and seems to be having a helluva time .
Boys functions swimmingly as both a bigscreen inflation of smallscreen icons and a fairly hilarious stand-alone .
Canada may have a better health care system than ours , but the popularity of the TV show Trailer Park Boys proves that when it comes to low-brow entertainment , they can go lower than Jerry Springer .
Willfully dumb , tasteless and a little depressing .
Trailer Park Boys : The Movie is like a feature-length version of the television sitcom My Name Is Earl , only Canadian -- and not funny .
I 'm sure the pot-laced antics of these trashy dudes are , like , totally hilarious on Canadian TV , but they do n't translate well to America or the big screen .
I envy Canada 's health care system , but if Trailer Park Boys : The Movie is any indication , I do n't want to be exposed to their network television .
You do n't have to be Canadian or a fan of the TV show to get a kick out of this movie . However , you do have to enjoy drug , alcohol and strip-club humor .
Mostly , the movie 's offbeat charm comes from its appropriation of the outrageous antics of US comedies with lowkey Canadiana .
The movie falls apart at the centre . Where it works , brilliantly on occasion , is at the edges .
It 's freakin ' hilarious . I laughed out loud more than 10 times .
A faithful and funny , entirely scripted , feature-length film version of the videotaped and improvised mockumentary series .
A meandering , extra-long episode of the gem-like trash TV series , with all the heart , profanity and stupidity we expect .

@highlight

Trailer Park Boys suffers from its small-screen origins , and its tasteless humor is not for everyone , but it will satisfy fans of the genre .