While it is n't in the league of , say , Insidious or The Ring , Deliver Us From Evil packs in a mixed bag of thrills that is , at times , deeply disturbing by virtue of using the kind of horror tropes that are more psychological than gory .
This is a smart blend of cop drama , thriller and paranormal elements .
Deliver Us From Evil is too glossy and loud , and too similar to other entertaining `` fright fests '' . If Derrickson had pulled back a little he may have delivered a more convincing , original and unnerving film .
What begins promisingly enough ends up a gratuitously violent , underwritten , depressing scrap heap of a movie that aims for two audiences and misses both .
It 's a refreshingly taut and intelligently made punch in the arm for a subgenre that so desperately needed it .
When a plot gets so ludicrous , even the suggestion that it could happen to you wo n't make the film any scarier .
Ultimately , Deliver Us from Evil is a very messy affair .
Scott Derrickson 's `` Deliver Us from Evil '' suffers from an immense lack of originality , a bloated runtime of two hours , and pacing that makes a snail look fast .
A police procedural cake pan -LSB- filled -RSB- with horror-genre cake batter . It -LSB- delivers -RSB- troubling questions about evils committed by humankind and ... evils done by something else .
` Sinister ' director Scott Derrickson again delivers the -LRB- modest -RRB- goods in this old-school street-cop mystery-thriller in ` Exorcist ' drag .
here evil comes from the Middle East , but is ultimately dispelled by American goodness , in a mapping of post-millennial geopolitics onto a simplistic Manichaean worldview .
It 's scary , but it 's also entertainment . It 's scarentertainment . -LRB- That 's awful . Forget I wrote that -RRB- .
Although it has all the elements it does sport too many horror tropes as though the filmmaker does n't have the power of his own convictions to boldly go where he has n't gone before .
Written in stone or bellowed in Latin , guff is still guff .
Underneath the bland cop drama , blander domestic strife , and the pretty rote plot machinations this kind of genre movie requires , there is a pretty interesting subtext and conversation about the weight of guilt , faith and good versus evil .
The director Scott Derrickson seems uncertain as to whether he is making an exploitation pic intended to give audiences a few fairground-style thrills and frights , or a William Friedkin-style meditation on the nature of evil .
This is plodding , pedestrian , derivative stuff .
It 's a genre rollercoaster ride - templated , repetitive and unoriginal , full of ups and downs but nonetheless effective at the one job it 's trying to do - make you jump and squeal .
Those possessed people were so really brave , having to listen to all that Jim Morrison . The awful rhymes . The wretched allusions . The horror , the horror .
A competently handled but overly derivative spinetingler supposedly inspired by true events .
My faith , tested by use of the Doors as a Satanic conduit , vanished for ever the instant a possessed piano bashed out Pop Goes the Weasel .
With its Stygian production design and Bovril-on-the-lens aesthetic , the film works so hard to make an ordinary Bronx day feel like hell , you 'll wonder what 's left for the afterlife .
A rote police procedural conducted by a cardboard movie cop investigating a supposedly demonic evil that simply can not compete with nonsupernatural reality .
An impressively staged climactic exorcism compensates in part for the random , far-fetched storytelling that precedes it .
The strong religious overtones are to be expected , but the way religion is depicted purely as a force for good comes across as distractingly preachy ; it 's a message delivered with all the nuance and balance of Fox News .
You 'll be jolted a couple of times , but these are n't scares that will stay with you . How about retiring `` based on a true story '' in favour of `` based on a good story '' ?
Sinister , solemn and so familiar you could write the Latin curses in your sleep . Contains a truly hellish amount of The Doors .
Sean Harris ' horrific demon-soldier and a climactic gorecaked exorcism scene that cranks up the crazy to 11 are the only bright spots in this rainy , preachy , miscast terror tale .
This is a familiar , no frills exorcism film that does n't offer much in the way of scares or surprises .
Delivers the genuinely disturbing , if not exactly groundbreaking , head-spinning horror goods .
The problem here is overkill . Scarcely a moment passes without some hideous apparition , frantic action scene or deafening sound effect .
Effectively scary horror flick , set present-day in New York city as a cynIcial cop -LRB- Eric Bana -RRB- investigates a series of murders that link back to a case of demonic possession involving three Iraq war veterans
Forget exorcising demons ; exorcise Bana 's accent from the film .
There 's not much suspense amid the gimmicks and eye-rolling plot twists , although the film does boast a pretty intense exorcism sequence .
All in all , 118 messed-up minutes of eye strain , brain fades and stomach churns .
An enjoyably pulpy , bloody supernatural tale , and fun in spite of its best efforts to come off as grim n ' gritty .
It 's the weight that director Scott Derrickson gives to not only the horror , but the fallen souls who combat it that makes Deliver Us from Evil such an effective genre mash-up .
These wellworn devices might have been more effective had Derrickson managed to link them to a compelling central idea .
This horror flick about an occult investigator is occasionally frightening but always unpleasant .
A rare -LRB- and altogether colossal -RRB- misstep from Scott Derrickson ...
Deliver Us From Evil may indeed be a marvel of sound design , but it 's otherwise three miracles short of a canonisation .
Deliver Us from Evil gets more mileage from its hybrid premise than one would expect , by it quickly goes adrift in before coming to rest with an anti-climactic thud of a conclusion .
If you did n't know that Jerry Bruckheimer produced this movie , the boot prints on your eardrums would 've clued you in .
Ahe movie 's actually kind of entertaining , mostly because it 's so gosh-darned campy , in an old-school way that not nearly enough modern horror films manage to be .
Derrickson successfully breathes life into some of the more exhausted aspects of the horror genre and produces a film that both scares and provides significant food for thought .
Deliver Us From Evil is one Nicolas Cage short of candidacy for camp-classic status .
When will the movies ' obsession with this rarely performed religious practice ever wane ? God only knows .
Foul thriller , filled with depravity .
Is n't the worst bag of Beelzebub buffoonery to ever douse audiences with holy water . This does not make Deliver Us from Evil good .
The most intriguing part of this movie , and the most hair-raising , is a paragraph at the end .
Director Scott Derrickson and his co-writer , Paul Harris Boardman , deliver a routine procedural with unremarkable frights .
Something is freaky with house paint , a guy who talks to lions , toys that operate by themselves , cannibal fish and the music of The Doors . I know I just made it sound kind of weird and cool . It 's the opposite of that .
Deliver Us From Evil offers some scary scenes of mounting dread , but they 're diminished by animals and bloody humans suddenly popping into view for cheap theatrics as Derrickson lingers too long on setting up the plot .
Thanks to Derrickson 's direction and Scott Kevan 's cinematography , New York City is a winding labyrinth of filth and decay that seems to be crumbling under the oppressive weight of the evil all around .
It never reaches the macabre madness of Seven or the spiritual intensity of The Exorcist . Instead of being a scary movie like those two horror classics , Deliver Us from Evil is just a movie with a few scary moments .
Deliver Us From Evil tries to merge a gritty urban cop drama with a spiritually charged exorcism thriller and winds up feeling like the worst of two clichés .
Derrickson does nothing interesting or new , but he does put all the pieces together in a workable fashion .
Director Scott Derrickson demonstrates a knack for atmosphere but little sense of pacing ; some sequences are effectively spooky -LRB- particularly one set at the Bronx Zoo -RRB- , though just as many feel uninspired .
If you can see beyond the usual genre trappings to what 's just behind them , you 'll find something kind of special .
A derivative , fetid and ugly exorcism horror flick .
Deliver Us from Evil ca n't escape the clichés and silliness that the subgenre inevitably holds , though for a while , director Scott Derrickson convinces us that something better is in the works .
Serviceable , standard and utterly unsurprising . But hey , if you really , really love The Doors , this movie 's for you .
The movie poster declares INSPIRED BY THE ACTUAL ACCOUNTS OF AN NYPD SERGEANT , as if that 's supposed to impress anyone .
When a horror movie insists in the opening frames that it 's `` based on '' or `` inspired by '' a true story , the movie that follows is more likely to be idiotic .
Deliver Us From Evil deals with the horrific in a world that looks like ours , and that 's a frightening accomplishment .
It 's time for Derrickson , who also directed The Exorcism of Emily Rose , to master a new ritual .
It might not be the scariest movie of the year but , thanks to a compelling look at evil in our world , Deliver Us From Evil is still very frightening .
Marked by a solemnity that frequently lapses into either silliness or tedium , this thriller ultimately fails to deliver the goods .
Deliver Us from Evil is dirty and grungy like Seven and eerie and nerve-racking like Sinister . At its peak , Deliver Us from Evil is a macabre , supernatural odyssey .
Deliver Us from Evil is basically a dull police procedural with just enough supernatural to separate it from an episode of Criminal Minds .
It 's THE EXORCIST with the Doors instead of the Allman Brothers . Bana and Ramirez are appealing as mismatched demon busters .
A surprisingly strong cast and solid direction make all the malarkey in this horror flick tolerable .
Unfortunately , the story , dialogue , and characters have some trouble carrying all that spiritual weight ; ponderousness ensues .
Once the supernatural elements begin to dig their claws in too deeply , the film turns into every single generic exorcism movie you 've seen sine The Exorcist .
A pretty routine and occasionally silly demonic-possession flick , which distinguishes itself by making us wait so long for the exorcism that heads may be spinning in the audience as well .
The movie is never boring . The atmosphere is decidedly unsettling and a viewer will jump a few times . Even the acting is fairly solid .
a curious blend of intensity and lassitude
Luckily for Derrickson , this devil hates light bulbs , causing Ralph to spend countless scenes wandering around in the dark waiting to be startled by a cat .
Evil falters as a police saga and a horror show , finding Derrickson once again flailing with surefire genre elements , laboring to build just one true moment of suspense .
With its limited suspense , reliance on jump scares , and overall desire to fuse the profane to the pragmatic , Deliver Us from Evil fails on many levels .
But if you 're a sucker for the subject matter , you 'll probably want to check it out anyway .
Any serious consideration of its themes are overwhelmed by the aggressive deployment of horror clichés .
`` The filmmakers admire what they 're emulating here , and it 's hard to not play along with the grim , gritty fun . ''
It 's too trite to be a good cop movie and too stunted to be an effective horror movie . Two mediocre tastes that taste mediocre together .
Cue multitudes of stolen moments .
After a while , the film 's grim , desolate settings come off not so much as a landscape of moral squalor -LRB- as in Se7en -RRB- , but as a tedious attempt to add gravity to a thoroughly generic horror tale .
Deliver Us From Evil simply does n't deliver .
Sinister director Scott Derrickson 's `` based on a true story '' Deliver Us From Evil would 've been better had it exorcized the cop movie cliches .
A genuinely creepy thriller that relies on its story rather than scary music to build suspense .
Elevated by strong production values and an excellent cast .
There are some pleasures to be had from immersing in the film 's slithering anxiety . But the story never scares up much originality .
It 's not -LSB- Joel McHale 's -RSB- fault he looks like he 's in an extended ` Community ' parody , but he does .
Courtroom dramas and police procedurals are not normal settings for demons or exorcists , but Derrickson 's intriguing premise is that demons can not be confined to where we expect to find them .
If this movie does n't leave you howling at the very idea of demonic possession , you 're in dire need of an exorcist .
If this film documents startling events exactly as they happened , the `` startling '' part has been left out .
For those who like their supernaturally tinged movies to get under their skin and burrow into their psyche , this overwrought drama will feel far too derivative of similar past works . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
Just another dumb riff on The Exorcist ...
`` Deliver Us From Evil '' expertly serves shivers , buckets of gore - and pretty much every cliché of the genre .
-LSB- W -RSB- hen a movie comes out riding the lift of `` based on a true story '' branding , yes , it matters .
Little more than an ugly collection of tropes stolen from `` The Exorcist '' and `` Seven . ''
While the supernatural side of the film suffers a flaw or two ... its central conflict works .
Too silly to be scary , and a bit too dull to be a midnight-movie guilty pleasure .
It 's not the possession but the predictability that 'll make your head spin .
It 's all cliched , of course , and has been since `` The Exorcist '' ... but it 's still effective , perhaps more so with anyone who , like our hero cop , comes from the world of scented smoke and altar boys .
`` Evil '' does n't shy away from grisly images . But the scares do n't last ...
Like other entries of its pulpish ilk , the picture packs lots of violence , a fair bit of gore , and plenty of cheap scares .
-LSB- A -RSB- serviceably scary horror outing ...
What 's missing is a healthy dose of skepticism -- of the material and of traditional horror techniques .
The combination of demonic possession and the police procedural makes the film far more satisfying than it might have been otherwise .
There is n't a ton of reinventing the wheel in terms of demonic possession or the police procedural , but the combination of those two genres makes it far more satisfying than it might have been otherwise .
A grisly thriller composed of talent on both sides of the camera , but the material rarely rises above lukewarm .
Takes a good 90 minutes before it delivers us from dullness
The film is said to be based on the case files of a real-life cop-turned-demonologist . Instead , it seems to have been inspired by a stack of rejected horror-movie scripts found in a studio dumpster .
Deliver Us From Evil does n't even believe in its tropes , whose moldiness no veneer of `` authenticity '' can mask .
Deliver devolves into a predictable , overlong waiting game . What 's worse , it wants to convince you that it 's a thoughtful meditation on faith ...
Scott Derrickson , the director , and his special-effects crew really deliver the creepy goods here , providing an apt climax for as taut and credible a movie involving demonic possession as you 're likely to see .
A highly intense and effective mash-up of police procedural and horror show .
Even horror neophytes wo n't be spooked by a film that looks as if it were shot with a smartphone and an Itty Bitty Booklight .
Derrickson made `` The Exorcism of Emily Rose '' nearly a decade ago , a rather better example of this genre .
Though Derrickson offers some new twists on old tricks ... the story soon devolves into variations of many movies we have seen before .
The sins of Deliver Us From Evil are somewhat forgiven once Derrickson hits full stride and finds a proper demonic story waiting to break free .
A jump scare is n't just a jump scare in the films of Scott Derrickson , which is n't to say this wannabe master of horror has entirely perfected the art of sudden dread .

@highlight

Director Scott Derrickson continues to have a reliably firm grasp on creepy atmosphere , but Deliver Us from Evil 's lack of original scares is reflected in its shopworn title .