Lust , Caution is so ambitious and detailed that you 'll never be bored .
Lee is hot , engaged , emotional , sincere and fundamentally looking at any slice of life through a sexual lens .
Lee is hot , engaged , emotional , sincere and fundamentally looking at any slice of life through a sexual lens .
Lovers of genuine cinema will get blue balls
Though his direction is unsurprisingly beautiful , the settings lush and the performances wonderful , no one apparently had the guts to insist Lee streamline his rambling story .
La mano experta de Ang Lee logra sostener el relato durante sus dos horas y media de duración , con algunos picos de intensidad en un par de escenas brillantemente resueltas .
For all Lee 's meticulous control over this immaculately nuanced melodrama-thriller , there is a surprising lack of emotional draw .
What lingers is the suspicion that women carry a burden of war they ca n't ever put down , and that even noble idealists can justify turning their girls into whores .
Lee provides no such easy comfort , instead keeping audiences constantly off-kilter , purposefully frustrating them with character behavior that 's just ... wrong .
Like the many facets of a diamond , the human heart can find its lustre in dark places . Ang Lee 's tortuous film about love and betrayal takes passion through highs and lows as it leads us through its tense and riveting journey
There 's no doubt while watching Ang Lee 's Lust , Caution that you 're in the hands of a supreme filmmaker .
Lust - the word that speaks of inflamed passions , repressed longing and seriously naughty sex stands ill at ease with this rather languid exploration of freedom fighting during the Japanese occupation of Shanghai in the early 1940s .
You leave the theatre a trifle exhausted but rewarded by a resonance few films possess .
Saucy sex scenes apart , however , it 's hard to get drawn into a slow-moving , drawn-out story that takes two-and-a-half po-faced hours to reach its jarringly abrupt and confusing conclusion .
A pleasure to watch a film as visually stylish as it is psychologically demanding . I wish it had been twice as long .
A shocking disappointment .
For his sheer muscular verve and ambition , Lee deserves a standing ovation .
Quietly mesmerising .
The intensity of the sex is far more honest and revealing than the secrets each lover tries to hide .
Lust , Caution is strangely engrossing but the fairly straightforward plot does not justify the running time .
Isolated moments of high drama and some startlingly intimate sex scenes sadly fail to galvanise a turgid and overlong whole .
Unfortunately , the scenes between the sex and violence , while beautiful , will test your patience .
Lee 's saucy , sumptuous slow-burner is a complex , elegant seduction , drawing on Hitchcock but putting a singular stamp on a rich spread of spies and sex , repression and sacrifice . Just do n't try those moves at home ...
A mesmerising study in emotional cruelty .
Beautifully shot , the period detail is exquisitely , and obsessively , realised .
Its dark romanticism lingers in the mind .
A beautifully rendered , long , drawn-out but ultimately very satisfying story of betrayal and revenge in an uneasy setting of wartime paranoia .
Overwrought and overlong , Ang Lee 's Lust , Caution nevertheless has some moments of exquisite beauty and a potentially star-making performance from newcomer Tang Wei .
The drama remains strangely dispassionate . Yet just as strangely , it 's never less than entertaining .
Chugs along at such a slow speed it nearly put me to sleep despite its graphic sex scenes ... .
Ang Lee has shown that sometimes art has to be bold . Because he presents the sexuality as graphically as he does , Lust , Caution becomes much richer and more meaningful than it would have been otherwise .
A downer with no redeeming entertainment value outside of its hot sex scenes .
What is graphic and raw and adult and disturbing are the roiling , dangerous emotions underlying the hot , sweaty , etc sex ...
Lust , Caution asks some patience of us , but our patience pays off .
This Juliet if not Romeo steamy Shanghai erotic spy thriller touching on a torturer 's tainted libido , crosses party lines to contemplate sexual betrayal laced with toxic unrequited desire .
In a film where casting is a vital component in the edgy equation , Leung and Tang make a picturesque and dramatically compelling couple .
While some will feel his previous works better illustrate his gift of film , Lust , Caution creates an unmatched statement of cinematic wisdom all its own .
The spy-game maneuverings provide some dramatic heft .
Well crafted and painful to watch . Worth paying Matinee price if you can shake the discomfort off .
unfurls at the same pace as a doomed lotus blossom . And just as beautifully with the year 's most sensuous cinematography
Ang Lee 's latest , Lust , Caution is a sluggish disappointment with a catchy title .
Gorgeously crafted with virtuosic patience .
You 'd be hard pressed to find a movie that 's sexier , or sadder . It 's a tragic film that 's highly successful as both a wartime thriller and a tale of doomed love
Minus the sizzle of the NC-17-rated sex scenes , there 's not much to maintain your attention in this plodding World War II spy thriller .
Whatever misgivings there may be about it , this festival-winning film is a mesmerizing , rich experience .
Leung turns in his usual fine performance , and Tang shows evidence of the kind of chops that will guarantee her a long career . Maybe her next film will tell a better story .
There is deception , suspicion and self-delusion , but it all seems rendered at arm 's length , despite the consummate artistry of the filmmaking .
There is plenty of lust exercised in the athletic , do n't - try-this-at-home sex scenes between Hong Kong star Tony Leung and the stunning Chinese newcomer Wei Tang .
Both a cannily constructed spy thriller and a grim kind of love story .
Superbly written , beautifully shot and emotionally powerful espionage thriller with a terrific central performance from newcomer Tang Wei .
Lust , Caution is a major film , but it feels like a minor work in Lee 's canon .
Why does this hot-and-heavy love story feel so cold and clipped overall ?
The primary question in Lust , Caution -LRB- Se , jie -RRB- is : `` What is real ? '' The answers , nebulous and harsh , are suffused with cigarette smoke and punctuated by clacking mahjong tiles .
There 's too much caution and not enough lust .
Given all the early furor about the film 's NC-17 rating and its much-discussed sex scenes , Lust , Caution seems curiously sedate and unexciting .
... Lee imparts a sense of roiling depths beneath a placid surface .
As a cartographer of hidden lives , Lee may not always find beauty , but he almost discovers and reveals something vital about the human condition .
A sumptuous and exceptional spy story .
The film looks gorgeous but the plotting is clumsy and the acting is flat .
Ang Lee 's directing is so engrossing that one abandons the impulse to rationalize and finds oneself completely swept up in the consciousness of the story .
By the time -LSB- Lee -RSB- gets to the lust , it is too late to throw caution to the winds .
The sex scenes are the most memorable parts of the NC-17 rated Lust , Caution , and not just because they are explicit . They break through the reserve of this stylish but emotionally removed picture .
In the broad strokes and beautiful particularity of its bittersweet love story , Lust , Caution could not come from any other place but China .
A quietly compelling drama of hidden desperation and fierce passions .
Mixing a stately pace with bursts of raw violence and blunt eroticism , Lust , Caution indeed deftly blends those two attitudes .
Overly extended adaptation of a short story about a female Chinese nationalist who uses sex to compromise and trap a cruel Japanese collaborator .
Ponderous tale of intrigue in Japanese-controlled Shanghai during the Second World War .
There is not a single moment to fault : the whole is beautifully mounted , acted , and directed . But not everyone is likely to fall under its romantic spell .
Strangely inert and passionless , with a running time that is far too long for a movie so devoid of compelling emotion .
Lee 's theme of human sexual expession is growing bolder , more graphic , more explicit , but not necessarily richer . I 'd call it `` Lust , Caution , Overindulgence . ''
Anyone lured in by the sex is going to leave feeling very unsatisfied .
The sex scenes , and the love story that sparks them , simply do n't work , and that 's not a minor problem .
Alexandre Desplats composed the music for this film and it is superb . It sets the entire tone , and is completely enthralling .
` Lust , Caution ' may be Lee 's most powerful work to date , and although he takes his time setting up the tale , once it gets going , it is impossible to look away .
The worth of Lust , Caution does n't seem apparent until the last act of the 157-minute film , which is filled with more love than lust and much more caution than action .
Ang Lee has gone back to his roots and the results are undeniably intriguing .
Lust , Caution spins a satisfying and surprising yarn , and the formal and visual motifs are more ambitious and ambiguous here -LSB- ... -RSB- than anything in Brokeback .
Lust , Caution teases but never satisfies . Although it takes Lee back to Asia , it does n't return him to the style of filmmaking where he produced his best work .
It 's a masterpiece of tangled allegiances and corrupted innocence , equating sexual intimacy with the search for a person 's soul . There 's no guarantee the discovery will bring joy .
Like the two opposing forces in the title , the book and the film compliment and balance each other ; each is , in its way , a rich experience .
Stylized and visually arresting , with intense sex scenes that earned the film an NC-17 rating , Ang Lee 's Lust , Caution is an immersion into another time , place and mentality .
The film is never less than beautiful , but it 's never truly absorbing .
Long , slow and , in the end , nothing new , this adaptation of Eileen Chang 's World War II novella can cast a mildly mesmerizing spell if you 're in the mood for it .
A spellbinder of desire , hurt and nerve-rattling betrayal .
Intellectually , emotionally , Lust , Caution is all palette and no canvas -- it 's an epic on a postage stamp .
The NC-17 Lust is lush and seductive . But it 's also hit-and-miss , more successful as an erotic drama than espionage thriller .
Oscar-winning director Ang Lee 's new film , Lust , Caution , is such a challenging , defiant film that you leave it feeling slapped around , but at the same time exhilarated by Lee 's boldness .
Lust , Caution is a disappointment coming from director Ang Lee , but it 's a watchable one , and it rattles around in your head for a long time after you 've seen it , as much for what it does right as for where it goes wrong .
A freeze-dried story has been only partially defrosted .
The nature of the sex is Lee 's subject , and he is too honest to suppress that .
Cruel and beautiful , emotional and infuriating , this adaptation of Eileen Chang 's short story is as difficult as it is wondrous , all of it coming to an end in a head-scratching climax that 's as fantastic as it is upsetting .
. . a rare erotic film in which the eroticism is more than window dressing .
A meditative , melancholy account of wartime espionage .
It feels like what `` Black Book '' would have been like had it been completely leached of all that pesky tension and excitement .
A brooding meditation on the unnerving power and terrible cost of emotional and political masquerades , the Chinese-language Lust , Caution gets under your skin with its examination of what qualifies as love and what does not .
It 's 158 minutes long , and worth every languorous second .
Lee lingers on grace notes of unspoken signals and unfulfilled desire ...
A rich , beautifully detailed espionage thriller that captures the bygone days of Shanghai -- and 1940s Hollywood noirs ' romantic evocations of same .
Lee is widely considered one of the greatest filmmakers in the world , and he ought to be a good deal better than this .
This is one of the major disappointments of the film-going year .
Surely some more details about the oppression and resistance of the era could have been squeezed into the nearly three-hour running time .
Lust , Caution is one of the few honestly observant political films , totally devoid of retrospective feel-good propaganda .
It 's positively amazing how boring so much sex can be when it subs for character development and compelling narrative .
Long and lifeless , with no real payoff .
For all its hothouse passions and sometimes brutally explicit sex scenes , the storytelling seems curiously stolid , the style too movie-ish for its own good .
This is a beautiful film . The cinematography is gorgeous .
Beautiful but remote ... But fascinated or bored , you wo n't be able to deny the level of craftsmanship it displays .
An elegant film featuring a stunning debut feature performance by Tang Wei that serves to enlighten us about a little-known resistance movement by Chinese against the Japanese occupiers during World War 2 .
Lee has outsexed Paul Verhoeven . -LRB- Who would have imagined that Michael Douglas and Sharon Stone 's f -- of the century could look so tame ? -RRB-
Quite rightly , this powerful , provocative film was awarded the Golden Lion for best picture at the 2007 Venice Film Festival .
The movie has more power than a conventional adventure film because it has more to say .
Conceptually , Lust , Caution has been thoroughly thought-through , down to every lipstick stain Wei leaves on her teacups .
Yes , the movie is called Lust , Caution . But what it really needed to be about was incautious love .
I was struggling to stay awake .
As it is , Lust , Caution is only part , movie .
Lust , Caution is a sleepy , musty period drama about wartime maneuvers and bedroom calisthenics , and the misguided use of a solid director .
It 's kind of a chinese ` Casablanca ' set in 1942 Shanghai . This is an extraordinarily well-made movie , something we 've come to expect from the man who gave the world ` Brokeback Mountain ' and ` Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon ' .
I 'm quite certain Lee got the mood he wanted for the movie ... but I 'm not certain Wong/Mrs . Mak is someone we can easily feel fascination or an affinity for .
If you 're going to play with taboo , you better be ready to break the thing .
The sex scenes -- intense , affecting and emotionally raw -- are the best thing about this frustratingly limp movie .
Sadomasochistic and suspenseful , this erotic Chinese historical drama rightfully earns its NC-17 rating for ` explicit sexuality . '
Ang Lee 's uneven new film is a bit like a Chinese variant on Paul Verhoeven 's The Black Book .
A compelling espionage thriller that reveals the untold dangers and depths of role-playing and raw sexuality .
For those willing to enter its dangerous world , the rewards of this film are great .
If Paul Verhoeven had n't produced Black Book last year , Lust , Caution would have seemed like its own subgenre , the eroto-feminist spy thriller .
Lust , Caution is a gorgeous film , sweeping you into a different time and place . Tang Wei is disarmingly beautiful , and she gives a wonderful performance in her first film .
Aided by the nuanced , forceful performances of his two leads , -LSB- Ang Lee -RSB- has made Lust , Caution something to be seen and savored .
Every shot here looks sensuous , yet is unmistakably second rate -- the filmmaking equivalent to prestige magazine fiction .
Lust , Caution wants us to feel the erotic ping of buttoned-up people ripping open those buttons , but too often it 's the film 's drama that 's under wraps .
... it 's amazing how something so cold is expected to generate so much heat .
Like Lee 's other films , Lust , Caution grows out of a tension between essence and form -- between a person 's emotions and the role he or she must play .
Setting and wardrobe are relatively simple but immaculate . Less complication would have benefited the film , but perhaps the -LRB- female -RRB- heart is unknowable .
-LSB- Lust , Caution -RSB- gets around to honouring its pretensions towards truthfulness in a climax that exposes the sham of Blackbook .
-LSB- Ang -RSB- Lee is a true master , and his potently erotic and suspenseful Lust , Caution casts a spell you wo n't want to break .
Ang Lee seems to want to butt - **** Paul Verhoeven 's Black Book , slightly amending that film 's sketchy sexual politics but flattening its stirring socio-cultural purview , ending up similarly half-cocked .
Last Tango in Shanghai ? Not quite . Lee 's erotic thriller is a logical follow-up to Brokeback Mountain , dealing with similar themes of delusion , empowerment , and frail identities in crisis , but slow pacing and indulgent running time present major problems .
Lee 's latest takes the Taiwanese director to China for a searing , sexy tale of espionage .
A gorgeous film that you can enjoy for the visuals , the soundtrack and the terrific acting , making it much harder to hold its slow pace against it .
One exquisite film .
It 's a film to admire , but not an easy one to fall in love with .
Too much caution and too little lust .
An uncompromising and incredibly seductive piece of filmmaking that is too long but has so many good elements going for it that it is hard to really care that on certain points the director seems to have thrown caution to the wind .






@highlight

Ang Lee 's Lust , Caution is a tense , sensual and beautifully-shot espionage film .