The first black U.S. fighter pilots rained down bullets on Hitler 's Luftwaffe like borax upon cockroaches . A movie finally bringing that fact to light , all these years later , is by definition a good movie .
George Lucas 's last big hurrah is a hackneyed ode to a group of heroes-the Tuskegee Airmen-who deserve better treatment than this cliché interrupted by dazzling , FX-laden dogfights , smoke-filled explosions , boring subplots , and oxygen-depleting dialogue .
One longs for more scenes between the ensemble on the ground , but the emphasis on aerial -LRB- and digital -RRB- technology leaves the characters without context .
A patriotic but blatantly unremarkable film that could have been much much more .
The actors ' convincing portrayals and realistic bond with each other , along with the spectacular visual and sound effects created by Lucas , makes Red Tails feel genuine and powerful .
With an inspiring source story , talented actors , and one of the most profitable production companies backing the film , it 's genuinely hard to imagine where it all went wrong .
There certainly is an interesting story to be told at the heart of `` Red Tails , '' but unfortunately director Anthony Hemingway and screenwriters John Ridley and Aaron McGruder could n't get at it .
Red Tails is all broad strokes , and I have to admit that it stroked me good .
This is a proper war film . That 's to say one with crazy dogfights and -LRB- no , really -RRB- Nazis with prominent scars .
The finished product makes a great case , perhaps the best yet filmed , for remaining anonymous and achieving nothing .
Why , one wonders , did n't Lucas persuade his friend Steven Spielberg to take on this subject and treat it with the authority and respect he brought to Band of Brothers ?
The actors do their best , but the lines they have to deliver are toe-curlingly bad . Things get better when the planes are in the air , but the film 's aerial dogfights are so blatantly computer-generated that the action fails to thrill .
What a missed opportunity .
While the film soars in the skies , on the ground there 's nothing original in the script .
It 's an inspirational story and its infectious sense of camaraderie may well be an effective recruitment film for the U.S. air force .
Executive producer George Lucas brings a healthy dose of his Star Wars magic to the CGI of the spectacular aerial sequences .
The true story of the Tuskegee Airmen , a squadron of African-American second world war flying aces , is one of those amazing tales that you just could n't make up .
Red Tails is a war action buff 's matinee delight . It could be argued that making a more gritty account would have detracted from the focus on the strong buddy element ...
It functions primarily as a reminder that Cuba Gooding Jr. is still alive and touting for work .
Red Tails has been described as `` jingoistic , corny , über-patriotic and old-fashioned '' , not by some disobliging critic but by George Lucas , its executive producer .
Like many films honouring the memory of honourable minorities in the grim days before civil rights , this George Lucas-produced war epic is an insomnia cure .
The distilled essence of this story is surely of more long term value than what Britain 's own Tony Scott and Tom Cruise were dealing with in Top Gun .
Disappointment gives way to frustration at this botched opportunity to tell an important story properly .
It 's definitely a story worth telling .
There 's no sense of threat or danger : this is a film with its head stuck firmly in the clouds .
This has great action , an affable cast and an inspirational story . But given its subject , it could have been so much more .
If it were n't for the engaging cast and thrilling aerial combat sequences , the film would be hard to get through .
This George Lucas-produced labour of love about the true story of the Tuskegee Airmen , America 's all-black fighter pilot regiment , has superb technical effects but never manages to fully take flight .
A popcorn memorial that 's as eye-saucering as it is shamelessly corny .
A solid action film inspired by real-life events and hopefully will open the gates to a new genre starring African-American actors .
Lucas ' dream project crashes and burns due to thin characterization , hoary clichés and crude simplifications ...
To its credit , the film gets at the things that gave the Airmen their lasting fame -- the odds and racism they overcame , leading to the integration of the armed forces , the civil rights movement and the integration of America .
Sadly , Red Tails tells its inspiring story in the most old-fashioned , Saturday-afternoon-at-the-movies kind of way . The movie occasionally flies but it never soars .
The pilots are reduced to war-movie stereotypes , firing off character clichés -LRB- ` best soldier I ever met ' -RRB- , historical lectures , or go-get - 'em speeches with anachronisms -LRB- ` Man up ' -RRB- .
We owe -LSB- The Tuskegee Airmen -RSB- an enormous amount of gratitude for putting those ill-conceived ideas to rest while protecting our country ... and we certainly owe them a better movie than Red Tails .
It 's such an extraordinary true story and ` Red Tails ' turns it into something extra ordinary -LRB- in other words , really really ordinary -RRB- .
... a well-intentioned piece of work that 's simply never able to pack the visceral or emotional punch that 's surely been intended ...
Director Anthony Hemingway seems stuck in television mode , unable to unfurl his dramatic banner into longer , bigger movie proportions .
The film carries important messages about camaraderie , persistence , fortitude and courage in the face of nearly impossible obstacles .
Somewhat clunky WWII drama with some top-notch aerial dogfighting sequences .
Inspiring , if insipid , skimming the surface as a trail-blazing tale about the courageous Tuskegee airmen .
If the film does nothing else than educate new generations about these incredible heroic men , then I say see it .
Because this is obviously a labor of love , it 's a little easier to forgive it for falling short of the Real McCoy .
This is a solid action movie with a historically important story which is accurate , according to one of the original Tuskegee Airmen who saw this movie .
Good intentions only get you so far , and while producer George Lucas ' heart is definitely in the right place that does n't make his WWII aerial extravaganza Red Tails any less of a middling disappointment .
It was a pretty fair movie -LRB- save for the weird zooming camera work that 's become a trend-your movie feels dated five minutes after release -RRB- .
A canny homage to a certain genre of film , the aerial adventure story , a type that was popular when airplanes were considered marvelous machines and not merely flying buses .
a deliberate throwback to 1940s war movies , but not in a good way
Thankfully , much of Red Tails is spent in the skies , where fighter planes swoop and zoom in thrilling dogfights ... George Lucas apparently gave up the key to his CGI kingdom , creating marvelously designed in-flight action and a sappy , snappy salute .
After a slow start the movie gets better and better as it goes along
Hemingway and his cast make us care about the team and its members .
This is so generic as storytelling that it fails even as a basic history lesson : it 's hard to believe that the stock conflicts on-screen have any connection to real events .
It has the best of intentions , an excellent cast , and thrilling battle footage . But the scenes on the ground are clunky .
A lack of irony can be refreshing , even thrilling , but ` Red Tails ' is flat , in a way that has become almost a Lucas trademark . The Tuskegee Airmen deserve a more memorable and less cornball tribute than this .
A worthy , overdue tribute to a group of intrepid , World War II heroes who never let their second-class status diminish their patriotism even one iota .
File Lucas 's latest under Blam ! Zap ! Ka-POW ! comic book history , somewhere between ` The Dirty Dozen ' and ` Inglourious Basterds . '
Red Tails has Lucas ' fingerprints all over it in that the action scenes are thrilling , but pretty much everything else is half-baked and a cliché of a cliché .
Any movie that makes even one person want to find out more about The Tuskegee Airman makes it an worthwhile effort in my book . I walked in with high expectations , I wanted to love this movie but came away just liking it .
... though it 's tempting to root for Red Tails based on its intentions alone , I fear it would be similar to clapping extra loud for the handicapped child at the little league game , a celebration of effort over execution .
the sight of a sky full of planes swerving , swooping , and engaging in graceful , ferocious battle is thrilling . It 's not enough to save RED TAILS from being a glorious failure , but it saves it from being a total loss
... a solidly told story of men proving they have what it takes not only to others but to themselves .
Red Tails is simply not as triumphant as it should have been . It gets some things right , but the stuff it gets wrong is difficult to get past .
If you 're going to return to a well , you need to bring your own bucket .
For 35 years , George Lucas has never had to live with the word `` no . '' Unfortunately for the brave veterans whose stories could have made `` Red Tails '' soar , it shows . The movie 's constant strafe of cliches quickly sends it into a tailspin .
One can get away with a lot of cornball speeches a long time ago in a galaxy far , far away but it does n't work nearly as well a short time ago on planet Earth .
` Red Tails ' is more problematic than you 'd expect from a film that 's been in development longer than some of you have been living .
Red Tails is better than nothing - but `` nothing '' is n't the other option . That HBO film is still out there , and Red Tails does n't add to it or improve upon it .
feels like an apology from Lucas for having only one black guy in the original Star Wars trilogy
Despite the flaws many can pick out , ` Red Tails ' is more about the journey this story took to get on the big screen . It 's not about the acting , dialogue , or direction , but more about the story of the Tuskegee Airmen and their struggles to be heard .
A flag-waving tribute that both simplifies and sanitizes the war to a trivial degree .
What 's black and white and red all over ?
As a cultural product , it 's cheese , but cholesterol aside , the box office should prove how much we love comfort food .
The effects are all good , but the dialogue and some of the acting leaves a lot to be desired . -LRB- Full Content Parental Review also available -RRB-
`` Red Tails '' is an old-school war movie with a pretty ambitious payload . For the most part , it 's mission accomplished .
The story of the Tuskegee Airmen is one that every American should know , and deserving of a great film ; unfortunately , this is n't it .
Red Tails is littered with so many problems -LRB- from the hokey dialogue , to the cardboard characters , to the terrible pacing -RRB- that it does a real disservice to this important piece of history .
Wartime drama mixes aerial combat , worthy messages , cliches .
The 1990 drama ` Memphis Belle ' may have had more gravitas . But what it lacks in finesse , ` Red Tails ' makes up for in enthusiasm .
Instead of pride or anger or resolve , all it left me feeling was a little bit of regret that I had n't been home , watching `` Thirty Seconds Over Tokyo '' instead .
Largely clumsy with anything that does n't find the men zipping through the clouds , creating a deflating moviegoing sensation . Parts of the picture are remarkable , but there 's not enough historical grit and considered dialogue .
A better film -LRB- and filmmaker -RRB- would have at least tried to dig a little deeper .
Where Spielberg has made WWII a venue for his sanctimonious side , a platform to convince viewers that war is indeed hell , Lucas is still in a state of pre-adolescent fascination with the conflict .
Two hours go by fast and do n't leave you fuming for having wasted your time , rather feeling nothing at all - minus an overwhelming urge to slap that pipe from Gooding Jr. 's mouth .
Does n't crash and burn - mostly because it barely gets off the ground .
Some exciting action as the pilots engage in daring dog fights and aerial maneuvers . Plus , this is one of the finest acting ensembles put together for any movie .
The battle scenes soar , thanks to top-notch and thrilling special effects . Quieter scenes give characters added dimension , such as those that address one officer 's drinking problem .
Red Tails is a lousy film . Not wincingly bad , mind you , just mediocre .
The audience for Red Tails will be there out of interest in flying or history . Those viewers will not be disappointed .
The Tuskegee Airmen were serious heroes , on a number of levels . They deserve a serious movie . `` Red Tails '' is not that movie .
The African American fliers ' great achievement merits a great movie . `` Red Tails '' is n't it .
An inspiring , rousing tribute to the heroic , history-changing Tuskegee Airmen and World War II movies of the '40s , `` Red Tails '' would probably be acclaimed as a minor masterpiece if it was directed by Quentin Tarantino .
Wearing its heart and ideals on its sleeve , Red Tails is hard not to root for , but impossible to love all the same .
The screenplay by John Ridley and Aaron McGruder sees -LSB- the Tuskegee Airmen -RSB- -- ironically and unfortunately -- merely as cogs in a machine .
The old fashioned approach adopted by director Hemingway and screenwriters Ridley and McGruder feels like a corrective to a long-standing cinematic inequity , to finally give these oft-overlooked patriots a retro rah-rah-worthy vehicle of their own .
Cuba Gooding Jr 's ever-present pipe winds up turning in arguably the film 's best performance -- at the very least , it gets more screen time than most of the credited actors .
If `` Red Tails '' is to be taken for truth , then the goings-on must have occurred on theme park backlots posing as 1940s Italy and its brave military men must have been rejects from the `` Amos 'n' Andy '' minstrel hour .
Less gritty than Saving Private Ryan , more squeaky-clean than Captain America , Tails zips like a speedier , higher flyin ' Top Gun .
The Tuskegee Airmen , the trailblazing African American pilots who fought off segregation and Nazis during World War II , merit a great film . `` Red Tails '' is n't it .
It 's only half of a good movie . As soon as those dogfighting planes land , the story trips up by skimming the surface of history .
It 's a shame the idea had to come from George Lucas , whose enthusiasm for his subject translates mostly into a peculiar strain of inept awkwardness .
It 's gratifying to finally see this story told in a movie to which the name of Tyler Perry is not appended . Too bad the picture is so resolutely old-fashioned , meanderingly paced and afflicted with distracting absurdities .
The Tuskegee Airmen are true national heroes , and it 's unfortunate that ` Red Tails ' should prove such a hokey collection of war movie cliches .
That the script for a film that has been in some form of development for over 20 years should be so stilted and , well , dumb simply boggles the mind .
It 's awesome .
`` Red Tails '' has its moments . They 've just gone too far in the other direction . The movie is so desperate to be palatable , to appeal to everybody that it does n't taste like anything .
It 's antiquated kitsch reprocessed by the producer 's nostalgia for the movies of his boyhood .
Kudos to the makers `` Red Tails '' for paying homage to a remarkable group of men and their genuinely heroic deeds , and a hat-tip as well for the idea that the best way to tell the story was the old-fashioned way .
The Tuskegee Airmen deserve a lot better than this .
-LSB- It -RSB- sets out to honor these heroes , and does so - but in ways that reduce their achievements to the stuff of cartoons .
A kinetically pummeling powerhouse that carries its own payload of appealing qualities .
Red Tails is more of a summer action film , filled with patriotic fervor and a broad spotlight on the pioneer black fighter pilots of the US military .
If you like history served up as engaging entertainment , where the fact is mixed with the fiction and the spectacle with the emotion , strap yourself in , because `` Red Tails '' is one fun ride .
`` Red Tails '' has genuine admiration for the sacrifices and achievements made by the Tuskegee Airmen , but they deserve a better commemoration than this .
A feature film that falls much closer to the goofy Hogan 's Heroes in the spectrum of World War II-focused productions than Saving Private Ryan .
This story was n't told back then , when it was happening , and it deserves to be told now .
The film 's sincerity and good intentions shine through the hokum .
More often than not , Red Tails feels like it 's pandering to every focus group that it never even tested ... It 's so cautious as to be lifeless , which is a shame on a lot of levels .
While its cast is first-rate and its flying sequences sharp , the movie is as glazed and wide-eyed as a 70-year-old comic book .
It 's derivative of other World War II movies and entirely mechanical in its appeal . Emphatically mainstream in style and substance , it honors those exceptional fliers but denies viewers a challenging portrait of our own history .
A mildly entertaining classroom instructional about the Tuskegee Airmen .
Apart from the occasional thrill provided by CG-enhanced aerial dogfights , this stuffy history lesson about the groundbreaking African-American fighter pilot division never quite takes off , weighed down by wooden characters and leaden screenwriting .
A passion project from executive producer George Lucas that 's curiously lacking in passion .
`` Red Tails '' squanders a great subject , reducing the real-life struggles and fierce heroics of the Tuskegee Airmen to rickety cliche .
Substitute 1940s fighters for spaceships , move them closer to Earth , and you have the audience appeal of this movie .
When the heroes crash , they go up in blazes of digital glory that seem just as artificial as the plotting that brought them to their fates .
When Red Tails literally flies , as it often does , it soars . There are more grand aerial battles here than in any of Lucas 's space operas .
In the end , it 's the flashy action and innate inspirational elements that make a measure of impact here . But you just know there 's so much more to this story .
The biggest flaw here is the corny script by John Ridley and Aaron McGruder , the Boondocks cartoonist . There 's a fine , swaggering vibe , but a curious hesitance to really tell the Tuskegee story .
Lucas ' clout may have brought this important story to the screen , but his filmmaking shortcomings keep it from being told effectively .
As long as it stays in the air , Red Tails ... is a compelling sky-war pageant of a movie .
So narratively old-fashioned it creaks .


@highlight

Despite a worthy fact-based story and obvious good intentions , Red Tails suffers from one-dimensional characters , corny dialogue , and heaps of clichés .