From the makers of The Hurt Locker , a searing , challenging factual drama all about looking for a needle in a haystack .
The final mission is mesmerizing .
Stripped of the extra-textual baggage so central to the interpretation , what does Zero Dark Thirty amount to ? A film about a system which is created to avenge an attack but whose primary purpose becomes self-justification and then self-perpetuation .
Bigelow has reunited with Boal but stuck herself again with a lifeless screenplay-and a lead actress to go with it .
The real problem with ZDT lies not in Bigelow 's direction , but in Boal 's script-there are no characters . There are just walking exposition dumps , people who enter and exit to spout the necessary information in order advance the plot .
... even good stories do n't tell themselves , especially not if they aim to be great .
... it is Chastain 's performance , as restrained as it is powerful , that may just be the cherry atop this massive and meticulous film .
This does n't zip along in the manner of typical Hollywood entertainment but it 's memorable cinema with a finale that will stay with you long after viewing .
As Maya , she -LRB- Chastain -RRB- pulls off the tricky feat of making us follow , and connect to , a smart , driven woman who 's neither particularly likable or unlikable -- her whole being is inseparable from her job .
Chastain dominates the screen , her character evolving from nervous but willing to domineering and demanding .
A great American film : complicated , nuanced , searching , piercing , difficult - and yet thrilling and satisfying all the same .
There 's hardly a dull moment in Zero Dark Thirty . Kathryn Bigelow 's Oscar hopeful ... is a skin-tight , effective procedural with a maddening focus on the CIA 's decade-long manhunt of the elusive bin Laden .
Minimalism is a valid creative choice , but in this case , it renders an extraordinary story very ordinary . And the real-life heroes , flaws and all , were anything but .
As polished as a gun barrel , and about as complicated .
As grueling as parts of it are , though , you may not love it . You may not even like it . But , regardless of your politics , you 're all but guaranteed to appreciate it .
Bigelow pulls us into the twilight world of terrorism , betrayal and the sudden shock of violence and it 's a tribute to her art that we 're on the edge of our seats even though we know how it all turns out .
Zero Dark Thirty is a magnificent movie , if we ignore the moral ambiguities . But can we ?
The movie stays clear of jingoistic grandstanding or chest-beating . But the people who 've made it have every reason to crow ; this is by a mile one of the very best movies of the year .
It 's one of the hammiest films I 've seen in recent memory , full of those big phony `` moments '' when the whole room stops so someone can say his or her big line and get a big contrived reaction .
... a rather disappointing misfire from an otherwise above-average filmmaker .
Hell of a thing to be on the edge of your seat when everybody in the world already knows the ending .
The film , much like it 's heroine played by Jessica Chastain -LRB- The Help -RRB- , is steely-resolved with eyes only for the task at hand .
Even without getting a Hollywood makeover , the story has inherent drama , suspense , and thrills , which Bigelow lets arise naturally .
A historical timeline , a pulsating thriller , a moving character study and a true-life violent revenge story , all in one , told in a sweating , oppressive , strangling fashion .
If you like World War II films , you 'll enjoy this .
Zero Dark Thirty is truly one of the best films of 2012 . In my list , it is the best ...
`` Zero Dark Thirty '' shows guts in taking on loaded subject matter and filmmaking confidence and skill in not telling us how we should feel about it .
It provides a much needed catharsis for what was done to nearly 3,000 innocent Americans at the behest of a mass-murdering religious zealot .
... a somber , black-winged benediction for what we might count as a lost decade .
Unsettling and unforgettable ... challenges the justifications of war 's ugly atrocities , without resorting to jingoistic platitudes .
a brilliant high tech treatment of the subject and the classified nature of the disclosures
A film of infectious urgency , questionable accuracy , murky morality and undeniable emotional and intellectual power
Kathryn Bigelow 's Zero Dark Thirty is a grueling masterpiece that captures the hunt for bin Laden with a daunting amount of realism and efficiency .
The direction by Kathryn Bigelow , who won Oscars for Best Film and Best Director in her previous film `` The Hurt Locker , '' is fierce and focused ...
Indulges Cheneyian fantasies complete with the bad-movie scene of the prisoner 's defiance : `` You 're just a garbage man in the corporation , '' shouts the Arab who needs a lesson in manners from the Ph.D. -LRB- in torture ? -RRB- who is racking him .
Bigelow tells the story very well , very efficiently , but does n't really say much about it , which is ironic given the response to the film in some quarters .
Kathryn Bigelow takes the procedural model and brushes away every unnecessary detail , leaving behind a heavy , blunt object of a film that is also hugely watchable , engrossing and , best of all ... highly suspenseful .
Rotten Tomatoes notes that I agree with Tomatometer critics 80 percent of the time , but this is one of those times I have to part ways with them .
Bigelow has directed excellent movies before , but this deserves to be remembered as the film that established her as a master .
You ca n't deny that what Zero Dark Thirty sets out to do , it does excellently .
An exhilarating and compelling historical document worthy of praise .
Bigelow 's latest proves a rewarding piece of filmmaking , one that , in its best moments at least , is as gripping and as troubling as anything the director 's ever made .
Bigelow and screenwriter Mark Boal shape history -- those breaks , big and small , that led to the killing of Osama bin Laden -- into one of the finest fact-based thrillers since `` All the President 's Men . ''
A ripping revenge yarn .
Purely as cinematic exercise , Zero Dark Thirty is an exhilarating piece of work . But , beyond its for-the-times subject matter , the work does not linger whatsoever .
Zero Dark Thirty is interesting as opposed to enjoyable , intriguing as opposed to entertaining , and certainly less memorable than The Hurt Locker .
It 's quite remarkable how Bigelow and Boal managed to take 12 years of information -LRB- including a conclusion that everyone knows -RRB- and packaged it into a coherent , intimate and intense movie .
We know the ending , yet remain mesmerized by familiar details , filmed with a harrowing sense of urgency . It 's as close to being in the White House situation room that night , watching a closed-circuit broadcast , as anyone could expect .
The second half of the film IS the film .
What 's striking is the absence of triumphalism -- Bigelow does n't shy away from showing the victims shot down in cold blood in the compound -- and we come away with the overwhelming sense that this has been a grim , dark episode in our history .
Whereas Locker was less about war than what it is to have a death wish , ZDT is less about the suspenseful true-life search for Osama bin Laden than the red tape one woman must wade through to prove that a mean old bastard is living in suburban Pakistan .
Bigelow 's great achievement is stripping down the action from the exaggerated theatrics in movies and television shows so the missions feel no less exciting and immediate .
One of the finest movies of the year is a thriller about the tracking and , finally , slaying of Osama bin Laden .
There is no Team America-style , flag-waving bravado behind this story - it is quite the opposite .
Bigelow has created the best film of 2012 .
`` Zero Dark Thirty '' is less a celebration how terrorist mastermind Osama bin Laden was found and killed than an engrossing examination of why it took a decade to deal with him .
One of the year 's best
Following on from the great acclaim of The Hurt Locker , Bigalow 's shaky cam and tough talking characters once again take us to the dark side of modern warfare .
In the absence of cinematic grandeur and didacticism , we 're left as empty and as lost as Chastain 's agent as she boards a symbolically empty plane for an uncertain future . Just what are we to think of the so-called War on Terror ?
The viewer needs to stay sharp to stay on top of the details of the labyrinthine search , but Bigelow tackles the complex story with the same muscular urgency and incisive intelligence that won her an Oscar for The Hurt Locker .
Exhilarating cinema that makes you want to forget all the questionable issues of representation that have come before it .
This is a fascinating film , and Chastain 's wonderful performance has something in it of the tragic sense of life .
So overwhelming is the momentum that it proves possible to live with the intelligence that the protagonist is complicit in ground-level fascism .
Blistering writing , directing and acting hold us firmly in our seats as this procedural drama snakes its way to a riveting action finale
Terrifically good , propulsive film-making ...
Remarkable and engaging piece of filmmaking considering the outcome of the story is well known . A sign of the times we live in and the processes put in place to wrangle the people that choose to live outside the realm of civility
Not what you 'd call crowd-pleasing , this is fascinating - if occasionally harrowing - in its realistic depiction of the intricacies of CIA operations .
Against all the odds , Kathryn Bigelow 's powerful story of the hunt is a taut and searing action thriller that keeps you gripped .
A silly , at times despicable film that never remotely deserved an Oscar nomination . Compared with this , Team America : World Police was a think piece .
We get all imaginable views of the witchy pentacle that is covert US military politics .
It haunts and lingers long after the lights go up .
Bigelow has crafted a riveting , entirely convincing procedural that shows us the long , frustrating pursuit of bin Laden through the eyes of Jessica Chastain 's dogged CIA agent .
For much of its three hour running time , Zero Dark Thirty moves like a police procedural : it is rigorous , pared-back and analytical .
We all know this story ends but Zero Dark Thirty 's finale is still gripping and action-packed .
It 's an effective thriller - uninterested in anyone other than the home team .
A step by step depiction of what went into the hunt for and discovery of Osama bin Laden . The characters are surface view only .
In Kathryn Bigelow 's masterful thriller , the manhunt for Osama bin Laden is the ultimate no-win scenario : a battle neither side can afford to lose with a prize that may not be worth the fight .
A riveting , gut-churningly tense and eye-opening window into the brutal and bloody world of post-9 / 11 intelligence gathering ...
It 's stylishly filmed and carried by a strong cast .
Kathryn Bigelow 's Oscar-nominated follow-up to The Hurt Locker is a gripping , sharply written and subtly provocative thriller , anchored by a terrific central performance from Jessica Chastain .
A proficient exercise in re-creating the key events ... but little insight into the wider implications of the assassination of America 's greatest bogeyman .
Bigelow and Boal are not in the business of providing easy answers . But they are trying to turn out a gripping , tense , political thriller . And this one is a masterpiece .
Crackerjack thriller brilliantly chronicles the 10-year countdown to capturing bin Laden .
Gripping throughout , with an impressive central performance , this is like a Dogme 95 redo of a Chuck Norris film ...
The outcome is never in doubt , of course , but Bigelow 's sublime skill as an action director comes into play as she 's able to create tense shoot-outs viewed through infra-red goggles in the dead of night .
This thing is an embarrassment of riches ; the jewel in director Kathryn Bigelow 's crown .
It is played out in a matter-of-fact way , like a documentary . Step by step we follow the evidence with Maya as she doggedly pursues Osama Bin Laden for more than a decade .
With a little editing and some greater humanity infused into it , this could have been brilliant . ` Zero Dark Thirty ' is solid and good overall , but not great . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
It 's ambitious to cover a decade of such a complex manhunt , but the screenplay manages to gives us a sense of the ups and downs , the mistakes and good fortunes of those involved
The way Australian cinematographer Greig Fraser captures extraordinary faces in the streets of Pakistan in particular , allows us a real sense of being there
I 'd call it efficient . I would not call it inspired , groundbreaking , brilliant , innovative -- or even particularly effective as drama .
The fact that commentators , pundits , and politicians on both sides of the political spectrum are condemning Zero Dark Thirty is a sure sign that director Kathryn Bigelow and journalist-turned-screenwriter Mark Boal have done something right .
What makes Zero Dark Thirty such a fascinating film is that it plays both as an engaging procedural thriller and a serious examination of the country 's moral compass . It is already doing what great movies do-starting conversation .
It asks its audience : When does the risk of doing something outweigh the risk not doing anything ? What are the costs of revenge ? Where will the `` war on terror '' take us next ?
Zero Dark Thirty is the perfection The Hurt Locker promised .
Zero Dark Thirty is a model of artistic restraint , a film letting fantastic history trump the need to score partisan points .
An effective and expertly made film , but a more character-driven story would 've added some flesh to the bones of a great , true story .
This is an instant classic .
Zero Dark Thirty is a gripping , authentic-feeling account of the dark side of the war on terror .
Chastain 's Maya is a red-tressed Pre-Raphaelite madonna with the cleft chin and chiseled features of an action hero .
After the lengthy torture scenes , procedural repetition takes over until the murkily-filmed Seal Team 6 raid . But Jessica Chastain is quite convincing as a CIA operative dedicated to her job .
A well-acted , well-intentioned , disjointed mess .
A well-produced and well-acted procedural/thriller film that stays focused on the frustrating nuts and bolts CIA led search for the elusive Al Qaeda leader .
A gripping , almost necessary , piece of filmmaking .
The picture acknowledges the very real presence of torture on the post-9 / 11 landscape -- had the filmmakers ignored the subject , the movie would be little more than vile , jingoistic nonsense .
-LRB- Jessica -RRB- Chastain 's powerful performance , for which she deserves a best actress Academy Award , drives the film . She has no private life , no friends . Her obsession drives her .
`` We always get our man , eventually . ''
Bigelow has hamstrung herself by not committing to a viewpoint . This is a by the numbers , cold , emotionally inert , just the `` facts '' procedural drama that is just barely a step above an episode of Law & Order .
Bigelow has crafted a film which will keep audiences enrapt for ages to come .
In a strong field of Best Picture nominees , `` Zero Dark Thirty '' has a decent chance to emerge the winner .
Powerful and gripping , the movie is not only a fine document of the hunt for Public Enemy # 1 , but also a testament to the dedication of those in every corner of the military , government , and intelligence community who refused to give up the search .
`` Zero Dark Thirty '' is film making at it 's best .
An important film for our nation 's soul . It gives context to the manhunt , and it lets us experience it for catharsis and closure .
The film has recently been slammed , perhaps as backlash to its early critical raves , but on close examination , it 's not a work to readily dismiss .
Though it surely takes some dramatic license , `` Zero Dark Thirty '' is a worthy document of that moment and the people who made it possible .
This is n't a bad movie , it 's just too easy . This is a movie for people who want to eat their fish without having to gut it first .
Chastain makes Maya as vivid as a bloodshot eye . Her porcelain skin , delicate features and feminine attire belie the steel within .
Kathryn Bigelow turned 10 years of looking for bin Laden into a magnificently well-crafted film .
It is a searing and riveting film , but one that does n't take the easy way out and give short shrift to the complex emotions at play .
Zero Dark Thirty is not a sequel to Boal 's and Bigelow 's earlier effort , yet it is very much an extension of The Hurt Locker 's taut pacing and maddening high-wire tension .
I was pretty upset that Bigelow got snubbed by the Academy ... . until I actually SAW the film . It felt like a really good TV movie , but Jessica Chastain 's phony and forced performance drags it down .
The climax is one of the biggest headlines of the 21st century but Zero Dark Thirty will still leave viewers feeling in need of a shower and calming drink by its end .
The controversy comes from insistence by Bigalow that audiences think for themselves . She neither condones nor condemns , but rather asks questions without giving easy answers . Plus , she does it while thoroughly entertaining the audience .
There is admirably little fat on its bones . No love interests , no backstories , no B-plot about Maya 's childhood : Zero Dark Thirty is as ruthlessly , relentlessly single-minded as she is about the hunt for bin Laden .
Who could imagine that the CIA in this modern era would be defined by a couple of badass women , Homeland 's Carrie Matheson , and in this film , Jessica Chastain 's focused Maya .
Like `` Argo , '' `` Zero Dark Thirty '' is a film where you know exactly how it 's going to end , and it does n't make a lick of difference . I was completely riveted every step of the way .
The harsh torture scenes in `` Zero Dark Thirty '' are used to show how far the characters , and in some ways the country was willing to go to bring this one man to justice . Boal and Bigelow leave it up to us to decide if it was worth it .
While it 's executed with the same level of meticulous precision as the raid itself , you ca n't help but wonder if Bigelow could have compressed things just a bit .
Breathlessly tense , thrillingly orchestrated and intellectually complex , this damn fine piece of rigorous , meticulous filmmaking enhances Kathryn Bigelow 's status as one of her generation 's most accomplished directors .
The action lies somewhere in the middle , framed on one side by fear and on the other by exhaustion . There 's no party . No ticker tape parade .
No doubt Zero Dark Thirty serves a function by airing America 's dirty laundry about detainee and torture programs , but in its wake , there 's a crying need for a compassionate Coming Home to counter its brutal Deer Hunter .
An edge-of-your-seat ride through recent history featuring a great performance at its center .
While `` Zero Dark Thirty '' may offer political and moral arguing points aplenty , as well as vicarious thrills , as a film it 's simply too much of a passable thing .
The story of the hunt for Osama Bin Laden starts long before he was shot in his outpost in Pakistan , and if you 're looking for the tale of Seal Team Six and their heroics that night than this is not your movie .
... Bigelow shows great respect for the hard , dangerous , and largely behind-the-scenes work that is necessary before for the big splashy successes that make the news can happen .
Two movies in one , and one of those movies is the really good one , if you stick around long enough to see it .
In spite of some Washington nitwits who claimed this is a movie that glorifies torture , -LSB- it -RSB- shows that torture does n't work , but that perseverance and determination does .
Bigelow is n't trying to entertain the audience , but I 'm not sure what she wants us to take from the film as the end credits start .
Dense , gritty , sumptuous , and free of superfluous melodrama .
Catharsis is infrequent . Victories are few . The clash between statistics and instincts yields casualties . And heart , as often defined by Hollywood , here becomes just a physiological midpoint between brain and gut - trusted at the risk of peril .
It 's a movie that grabs you from the first frames , takes you to some extremely ugly places and asks you how you feel about what you 're seeing .
From the very first scenes of Zero Dark Thirty , director Kathryn Bigelow demonstrates why she is such a formidable filmmaker , as adept with human emotion as with visceral , pulse-quickening action .
Zero Dark Thirty , like the mission that inspired it , commands respect , admiration , even awe in places for the logistical nightmares that had to be overcome to get it done . But it 's a hard movie to love .
Despite knowing how the attack ends , the tight confines of the mission and the danger lurking behind every closed door make for a breathless cinematic experience .
The careful orchestration of details turns ` Zero Dark Thirty ' into a thriller by way of a New Yorker essay .
By not pointing fingers or assigning blame , it allows us to do so ourselves , triggering a cascade of feelings ranging from horror at the morally repellent techniques used to a sense of mission accomplished .
While `` Zero Dark Thirty '' is a decent telling of these events , I 'm forced to reach the same conclusion that I did with `` The Hurt Locker . '' It 's a good film overall , but not the great film I 've been hearing about .
As Bigelow has said , depiction is not endorsement , and `` ZDT '' shows the cost to the soul of fighting terrorism .
At least two great movies in one ... Bigelow Oscar snub is insane .
Director Kathryn Bigelow and her `` Hurt Locker '' screenwriter , Mark Boal , deftly quilt together disparate events in the almost 10 years between 9/11 and bin Laden 's death .
It is both plodding and a work of cinematic genius .
But what `` Zero Dark Thirty '' left me with was this : Maybe torture does work , but does n't it make us better as a people if we refuse to use it ?
Unlike too many films these days , `` Zero Dark Thirty '' dares to embrace complexity . And that makes it not just state-of-the-art entertainment , but a great film .
A timely and important reminder of the agonizing human price of zealotry .
Even those who doubt the overall framework and existence of the so-called War on Terror should appreciate this thrilling tale of the hunt for the world 's most wanted man .
It 's safe to say the creators of Zero Dark Thirty expected to be hearing more about Oscar nominations and less about Senate panels as their movie neared wide release .
Too soon ? Too soon for a kickass political action movie about the hunt for Osama Bin Laden ?
The decade-spanning Zero Dark Thirty comes freighted with a historical weight it bears amazingly well .
Not only is Zero Dark Thirty one of the year 's best movies , it 's an inspiring one to share with your daughters . That is , if they 're old enough to deal with explicit torture scenes .
What the film says about getting information from terrorism suspects in an era of high-tech surveillance depends on your point of view . What is unquestionable is how powerful its full scope is .
Bigelow 's extensive staging of the May 1 , 2011 , raid is a prime example of virtuoso action filmmaking .
... even if this is a completely fictional account , it seems true and our need to fill in the gaps will cause what I think will be a massive audience to see this much anticipated film .
Bigelow and screenwriter Mark Boal have made an amazing film . It 's a mystery , a thriller and finally a stunningly photographed military raid . We know how this movie ends yet we hang on to the edge of our seats .
Agent Strangelove , or how I learned to stop worrying and love waterboarding !
The underlying theme , and the one most troubling , is that of people on both sides who are neither sadists nor psychopaths finding themselves doing things that smack of both , and convinced that there is no other option .
A grade-A , needle-meet-haystack manhunt-thriller
Reminds us of a cop show , only without the Miranda rights .
A fictional account that honors the essence of the lengthy , painstaking , fitful , deadly process to find and to kill the terrorist leader .
Even more than The Hurt Locker , which sometimes relied on traditional film techniques to build suspense , Zero Dark Thirty resists manipulating the viewer or building movie-movie excitement .
The suspense comes not from how we ultimately bring down bin Laden , but how Maya - and what remains of America 's fraying do-gooder conscience - fares in the process .
One of the most innovative and best made films of the past year . Every now and then , even Dick Cheney gets to like a great movie .
-LSB- It -RSB- is n't easy viewing - but just try to look away .
It 's first-rate work from Bigelow and Boal , who treat the tale with conviction and knowledge , yet never lose sight of its inherent alarm , packaging a combustible narrative into one of the best pictures of 2012 .
-LSB- It 's -RSB- a harrowing adventure behind the headlines that is at once a riveting procedural and , at the same time , a bracing political statement on the moral ambiguities of our war on terror .
It 's cinema as an extension of long-form journalism , an intriguing and exciting story even though we know exactly how it 's going to end .
Its stance is extremely tricky . It 's not a documentary . It 's not a load of revenge nonsense . It 's not `` 24 . '' I 'm still arguing with myself over parts of it .
`` Zero Dark Thirty '' is a great movie , an astonishing achievement on nearly every level .
Swift , smart , relentless , Zero Dark Thirty compresses a decade of high-stakes procedural into 157 minutes of pure momentum .
As a hugely compressed account of the Osama bin Laden manhunt , as a compelling but troubling look at `` black ops '' tradecraft , and as a riveting portrait of a fiercely determined woman working in a male-dominated sphere , the film is a resounding success .
It 's a movie made with the same coolly fanatical attention to craft the lead character displays in her work .
That kind of ambition should be applauded , even if the movie as a whole never quite clears the very high bar it sets for itself .
At the very least Bigelow has widened her reach past the white-knuckle thrills of The Hurt Locker and into the darkest currents of American military might -- at the risk of being swept away .
By most cinematic measures , Zero Dark Thirty is one of the best-made films of 2012 . It also probably should n't exist . -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB-
When you hear boots marching up your stairs , that guy who whispers `` Osama , Osama '' - It 's not because you need to sign for a UPS package !
A slam-bang action picture .
Densely detailed , superbly shot and acted , illuminating and thrilling , it is the best film of 2012 .
The film builds steadily , but never tediously , to the long awaited mission to Abbottabad and the compound housing Osama bin Laden .
Spectacular performances , brilliant direction and tight scripting are all weaved into visual prose and potent source material to make Zero Dark Thirty not only great , but important .
It 's like `` All the President 's Men '' with torture and explosions , but no mention of presidents ...
The decision one has to make is whether it 's worth sitting through the first two hours , that provide a fine antidote for insomnia , to see the final 37 minutes .
A masterful piece of action filmmaking that succeeds in generating enormous tension by dramatizing a recent historical event in spite of the fact that everyone knows how it will end .
What makes the movie so effective is its protagonist , a doggedly determined CIA agent played by Jessica Chastain , who never loses sight of her goal in spite of repeated setbacks and bouts of political in-fighting .
The problem at the center of Zero Dark Thirty is that knowing and not knowing constitute a process , a process in which people tell lies and get hurt , in which costs can be overwhelming .
With a protagonist you lack the desire to root for and subject matter that 's been shoved down our throats in the 11 years since 9/11 , This is one of the only films this year where battling heavy eyelids is more exciting than the film itself .
The result is a remarkably thorough , unexpectedly cinematic , two-and-half-hour chronicle of American persistence .
There is something definitive about Zero Dark Thirty as a piece of filmmaking , as though Bigelow is concluding the entire ordeal for us on the big screen , as a film that could well earn her yet another Oscar .
While the film may not be the best of the year , its true winner is Jessica Chastain 's knock-out , Oscar-worthy performance .
Zero Dark Thirty is a skillful -- and somewhat cautious -- look at military bureaucracy . It 's both hampered and elevated by its dependence on authenticity .
Do n't mess with the chicks . Osama bin Laden did , and look what happened to him .
Kathryn Bigelow 's painstaking account of the events that led to the killing of Osama bin Laden favors dramatization over character and suspense .
What it does in the course of telling a seminal story of our time is what contemporary films so rarely do , serve as brilliant provocation .
We feel exactly what those involved must have felt at the end . Not elation . Not the thrill of victory . Just relief .
There 's no more perfect title for a film this year , because it manages to suggest a witching hour , a veil of deadly secrecy , and a pinpoint-honed logistical operation all at once .
A feverishly thrilling , decade-spanning CIA procedural .
This is next-level filmmaking -- smart , brave and intense .
A powerful , morally complicated work on an urgent subject . It is a film that deserves-that almost demands-to be seen and argued over .
Zero Dark Thirty has nary a wasted scene and very little in the way of respite from the intensity and power of its story and execution .
Achieves something rare , presenting a hot-button subject-torture-without the usual moral nudging .
A tense , dramatic and lean film , which is a surprising thing to say about a movie with a near-three-hour running time .
A remarkable you-are-there recreation of the past decade of American covert affairs .
Movies must move , and this one just lies there like a stack of paper from a classified government filing cabinet .
-LSB- Chastain 's performance has -RSB- a lot of colors , and angles , and is guaranteed to be remembered come awards time . Maya 's a real character , all right .
For now , here is the defining film about whatever the so-called `` War on Terror '' is .
Bigelow and Boal are rare filmmakers in that they do n't underestimate the intelligence of their audience . In the case of this extraordinary docudrama , we are allowed to make up our own minds .
Zero Dark Thirty sneaks up on you , hits the mark and then dares to ask whether it was worth it .
Kathryn Bigelow proves herself once again to be a master of heightened realism and narrative drive in this retelling of the decade-long search for Osama bin Laden .
This is not a triumphant story in -LSB- the -RSB- telling , but it is one uncommonly freighted with the weight of history .
There 's an emotional detachment to the film that undercuts its potency . Zero Dark Thirty is more technically proficient than emotionally involving .
The 157-minute running time zooms by . That 'll happen in a movie this engaging and consistently riveting .
A movie that 's going to part of the national discussion , both politically and artistically , and deservedly so . Whether you love it , hate it , or have mixed feelings , it 's not to be ignored .
Even the smallest touches in Zero Dark Thirty feel authentic enough that we scarcely question them ...
A compelling contemporary thriller with the added benefit of also being an engrossing character study .
It 's a film about revenge and its immense costs , different from a common vigilante story because of the target , not the arc .
There are lots of things to admire about Zero Dark Thirty , but there is little to love , and even less to connect with on an emotional level .
The knockout punch of the movie season is being delivered by Zero Dark Thirty . Chastain is a marvel , and Bigelow and Boal top their Oscar-winning work in The Hurt Locker .
A clinical , single-minded revenge film that prioritizes technique over morality in the war on terrorism .
An engrossing account of how one determined woman defied the odds to find the most wanted terrorist in the world .
It mixes checkable facts with dramatic license , but `` Zero Dark Thirty '' has no overweening political agenda . Instead , it unfolds with the cool detachment of a documentary even in its most tense and gripping scenes .
A razor blade of a motion picture : sharp , elegant , and direct ... It certainly feels like a classic .
I felt sick , angry , exhausted and thrilled at different points . And once it was over , I was left a little empty , staggered by the artistry and sad that it was over .
It 's one of the great recent works about the investigative process , a streamlined , riveting portrait of a nuts-and-bolts inquiry over the course of a decade .
Once in a long while , a fresh-from-the-headlines movie fuses journalism , procedural high drama , and the oxygenated atmosphere of a thriller into a new version of history written with lightning ... -LSB- Zero Dark Thirty -RSB- is that kind of movie .
As disturbing as it often is to watch , it 's so rife with sheer cinematic material that it 's likely to reward multiple viewings .
The most important American fiction movie about Sept. 11 , a landmark that would be more impressive if there were more such films to choose from .
Powerfully provocative , Zero Dark Thirty is Kathryn Bigelow 's finest hour .
It combines ruthlessness and humanity in a manner that is paradoxical and disconcerting yet satisfying as art .
A riveting spy procedural , crafted with journalistic rigor and great visual confidence .
Ethically challenging and smartly crafted with an award worthy performance from Chastain , this is certainly one of the best and most provocative films of 2012 .
... a nail-biting thriller of the first order , but also a confronting gut-wrencher which - though never driven by ideology or politics - inevitably pulls the audience into ambiguous moral territory .
By showing scenes of torture without taking any kind of moral -LRB- as opposed to tactical -RRB- stand on what we are seeing , Bigelow has made an amoral movie -- which is , I would argue , an unconscionable approach to this material .
Kathryn Bigelow is taking a cold look at a hot subject , and because of that her film will stand the test of time .
` Zero Dark Thirty ' is the best movie of 2012 .
A vital , disturbing , and necessary film ...
-LSB- Its -RSB- moral ambiguity will drive some viewers nuts , but in my view it is also the quality that makes `` Zero Dark Thirty '' something close to a masterpiece .
Kathryn Bigelow 's stunning look at the capture of Osama Bin Laden is a tremendous achievement , on many levels . Stark , smart and boy-did-they-get-this-out-fast , this is a film of urgent and undeniable accomplishment .
Doubtless , Kathryn Bigelow 's greatest strengths emerge when she can more freely flex her muscles as an action filmmaker .
The details are gripping , presented with respect for an audience 's intelligence .
Bigelow and her screenwriter Mark Boal -LSB- operate -RSB- from the idea that doubt is dynamic , while moral certainty is just another kind of stasis .
157 minutes of anxiety , heartache and detailed information that 'll leave you overwhelmed by a multitude of emotions , everything you 'd want to feel from such a film and more .
The most rivetingly detailed examination of how bureaucracy , ego , misinformation , passion , and pure evil intertwined in this war on terror .
In its narrative arc , it is barely distinct from a boneheaded right-wing revenge picture , but the vibe is cool , brisk , grown-up , packed with impressively real-sounding intel jargon . And the hero is no gun-toting macho man .
What you ultimately take away from this movie is that it is not a commercialized propoganda piece ; it 's simply one of the most honest , intense and best films experiences of 2012 .
A darkly gripping , tunnel-visioned procedural -- a dirge wrapped in grey morality , and served up with a pulse-quickening side dish of siege pay-off .
One of my favorites of the year , `` Zero Dark Thirty '' is a unique film experience that should not be missed .
Zero Dark Thirty is as smart and well crafted a drama as any made this year , a stark and harrowing peek behind the modern intelligence curtain that is both exhilarating and refreshing in its focus , clarity , and execution .
This is a movie created completely on its own terms , forged by the belief that audiences can pay attention , that audiences do n't need everything spoonfed , that truth is just as exciting as fiction when presented well .
... much of Zero Dark Thirty works to subvert the gender expectations we might have as an audience .
The film is a calm , concentrated , densely detailed description of a manhunt on a global scale - moviemaking at its engrossing best .
Behind some assassinations is the obsession of a woman .
Telling a nearly three-hour story with an ending everyone knows , Bigelow and Boal have managed to craft one of the most intense and intellectually challenging films of the year .
Zero Dark Thirty is a clinical , apolitical look at ten years of dogged determination . It is a thoughtful exploration of the elaborate puzzle put together to find Osama Bin Laden .
A long , challenging film that 's also thoroughly gripping , and largely due to its virtuoso climactic sequence , quite the bravura feat of film-making indeed .
Not quite on par with The Hurt Locker in terms of intensity or entertainment value , Zero Dark Thirty eventually finds its footing to become a film with real weight .
Teases your attention away from those known events , and brings it to the gritty , exhausting and sometimes ugly work being done on the ground and the type of people who engage in it .
This look at world 's biggest manhunt may be the best manhunt movie ever made .
The film 's greatest achievement is that it does n't glorify its subject . The audience is left to ponder the lasting effects of what they have witnessed .
Bigelow 's taut depiction of the decade-long hunt for Osama bin Laden is a true movie of the moment .
The ultra-professional result may be easier to respect than enjoy , but there 's no denying its power .
This is movie journalism that snaps and stings , that purifies a decade 's clamor and clutter into narrative clarity , with a salutary kick .
The story of the hunt for Osama Bin Laden builds relentlessly to a powerful end result .
This is as fine a piece of filmmaking as you will see . While many will prefer other types of films , this film hits to all fields in a way that others just do n't even try .
Riveting from first frame to last , Bigelow 's brilliant thriller surpasses her Oscar-winner with a visceral yet rigorous , technically exciting yet politically detached account of capturing Bin Laden .
A masterwork from a master filmmaker
Bigelow 's commitment to a dispassionate , stripped-down approach results in a film whose impact sneaks up on you , leaving you blindsided by its visceral final reels .
It has an integrity to it that is bracing and adult , and it manages to deliver a major visceral experience without ever once bending to Hollywood convention .

@highlight

Gripping , suspenseful , and brilliantly crafted , Zero Dark Thirty dramatizes the hunt for Osama bin Laden with intelligence and an eye for detail .