The pleasures of Queen and Country lie in its beauty , its performances , its privileging of personal perspectives and its gentle look at a period in British history which is seldom portrayed .
It feels like being dropped into series five of a long-running TV drama , where the characters keep doing pretty much what they 've always done but you have n't been part of the journey .
... the beginning , middle and end of the film are delicious and entertaining at the time but leave no lasting impression or longing for more .
-LSB- John -RSB- Boorman was 82 when he made the film and his direction is easy and effortless , befitting the story .
Clearly , the film is suffused with unabashed nostalgia , but there are also moments of grace and beauty .
The whole thing exudes a warm , honeyed glow , particularly in those scenes where the women - Bill 's mum -LRB- Cusack -RRB- and the object of his affection , Ophelia -LRB- Egerton -RRB- - seem to embody the sense of loss and social disruption that imbued the age .
The picture is upfront about being a sequel , but it may play better for those who are n't attached to the original film .
Given how richly his countryman Terence Davies has realized post-war England in movies like Distant Voices , Still Lives and The Deep Blue Sea , the cartoonishness of Queen And Country grates even further .
It 's a pleasant , nostalgic movie that did n't need to be made -LRB- a memoir written , maybe -RRB- , chiefly because he has nothing new to say about the postwar era .
The film has its moments but not enough to justify a trip to the multiplex .
It showcases Boorman 's great humanity , but -LRB- like Hope and Glory , for that matter -RRB- it is almost entirely free of the mild derangement that characterises his best work .
This is a deeply personal film which also stands as an intriguing record of a period not often revisited in film -- that drab period postwar and pre-Suez in which the country itself , like the flailing young hero Rohan , is struggling to define itself .
Everything you 'd expect from distinctive film-maker John Boorman : a heartfelt story told in arresting visual tones through a melange of conflicting accents and strangely theatrical staging .
The tone jumps awkwardly between soppy romance , serious drama and Carry On-style comedy .
This is the sequel to 1987 's Hope and Glory , a coming-of-age yarn awash with illicit passion .
Inconsequentially pleasant .
It has a certain period charm , but somehow adds up to less than the sum of both its vaguely comic and moderately poignant parts .
It 's a string of little jewels masquerading as a story . The army-life japes and escapades , climaxing in the stealing of an officers ' mess clock , might seem picayune . But they form a cumulative glitter .
What a shame Boorman chose to dramatise a fairly dull stretch of his life instead of going for what clearly should come next : his first steps toward becoming the director who would go on to make 1967 's Point Blank and 1972 's Deliverance .
Queen and Country is John Boorman 's autobiographical sequel to the wonderful Hope and Glory and a rather softer affair .
Queen & Country , like Hope & Glory , is anecdotal and episodic , but Hope & Glory added up to something .
It 's a modest pleasure of a film that leaves you hoping it is not the last word from the octogenarian Boorman .
Less vibrant than the original , but equally thoughtful and funny .
Do n't let the British pedigree and nostalgic trimmings fool you : this is no Masterpiece Theatre exercise but a broad , high-spirited , riotously funny service comedy , on par with M * A * S * H and Stripes .
There 's a muted calm to this lovingly cast , beautifully shot time capsule , capturing passing time instead of -LSB- Boorman 's -RSB- recurrent project of undertaking the making of primal myth .
The fundamentally episodic nature of the narrative limits its impact somewhat , but Boorman again finds a spark in a frisky coming-of-age story that tracks the growing pains of an entire nation .
A wartime comedy of manners , it 's a delightfully whimsical portrait of 1952 England , a time and place of class discord that 's both uproarious and politically pointed .
It 's not hopeless , but it 's surprisingly slack , unfocused work from Boorman , who aims for a scattered tonality that reflects the madness of the moment , but mostly loses his way .
I was n't especially amused by the anecdotal plot .
Once again Boorman has tapped into a particular sort of nostalgia that his audience truly feels , even if the experiences of his characters are nothing like their own .
The movie is a sweet-natured , easy-going bit of storytelling , and while Bill may be the central character , Queen and Country is really a movie about England . And it 's a love letter to a particular time and place
The actual antics feel as tonally dated as the story , school-boyish shtick that went corny even before M * A * S * H married screwball shenanigans to wartime bleakness .
The director gets all the period detail exactly right and there are plenty of historical and cultural references that evoke a sense of nostalgia .
Queen and Country finds exhilarating comedy in places usually reserved for drama , violence , loss .
In short , -LSB- you may realize -RSB- how expert presentation can draw you into a world , immerse you in the lives of others , and make you sorry to leave when it 's over .
Boorman is 82 ; `` Queen and Country '' is being called his final film in a career that included `` Point Blank , '' `` Deliverance '' and `` Excalibur . '' If this really is it , congratulations -- and regrets that Bill Rohan did n't appear in a few more movies .
A little too silly to be taken seriously , yet also too heavy to get all the laughs it very clearly craves , `` Queen and Country '' at least shows where Boorman 's schizoid , if less than wholly satisfying , sense of storytelling comes from .
It 's solid , albeit generic , filmmaking that satisfies mostly in fits and starts . In other words , this time there 's less hope and even less glory .
There 's no way around the fact that this is a lesser endeavor than `` Hope and Glory , '' but when it 's good , which is often enough , `` Queen and Country '' glows with a master storyteller 's sense of memory .
A worthy follow-up to a classic .
-LSB- VIDEO ESSAY -RSB- Boorman 's unfussy approach to his youthful past creates a warm sense of familiarity with the characters he presents , however quirky their motivations may be .
A welcome , thoroughly enjoyable follow up -LRB- to `` Hope & Glory ' -RRB- . John Boorman has n't lost his touch for finding humor and even wonder in the seemingly mundane experiences of life .
Boorman returns to the classical style of the movies he enjoyed at a young age , again showing his flexibility and commitment to finding a story 's ideal tone .
Charming but mature post-WWII coming-of-age drama .
Barely passes muster
Boorman 's point of view and on-screen alter ego seemed stylistically in sync in the first film , but `` Queen & Country '' - though often charming - has a tendency to wander and strain , which might say enough about capturing '50s England .
It 's never going to be more than a footnote to the far superior Hope and Glory , but sometimes , when you 're feeling nostalgic it can be fun to dig out the other , less interesting photo album .
Will John Boorman turn his pair of -LSB- personal -RSB- films into a trilogy ?
Sturdy , moving , nostalgic in a good way .
It has taken John Boorman almost three decades to make the sequel to his much-cherished `` Hope and Glory , '' but `` Queen and Country '' turns out to be well worth the wait .
To watch `` Queen and Country '' is to get the impression of a man who has gone through life and actually learned something , which not everyone does .
Filmmaker Boorman 's stroll down memory lane does not bowl us over with rapid-fire hilarity . It soothes us and then melts away unobtrusively .
Tonally , the movie ca n't decide whether it 's a comedy , a romance , or a wistful wartime madeleine . What it 's missing is the sense of joy and wonder of its predecessor .
I hope Boorman follows through and makes a trilogy .
Queen and Country reveals itself as a prime example of the stale storytelling and ignorant ideologies audiences waved good riddance to years ago .
For a movie shaped by the harsher mercies of martial pursuits , it 's incredibly light and frequently hilarious .
Rambling and unfocused but not without its moments , John Boorman 's 19th feature film , Queen and Country , represents a very belated sequel to the director 's 1987 feature Hope and Glory .
Queen and Country is the film of an old master -LRB- Boorman directed his first feature in 1965 -RRB- who still has one of the most magical eyes in the business .
Far from a searing drama yet seldom takes the glib way out .
The strength of Boorman 's film is that it reminds us of what a service comedy is-the spectacle of cogs rising up against their machine .
It works , but not entirely .
A direct sequel to 1987 's Hope and Glory -- and the best thing that John Boorman has made since .
Modest but still disarming ...
Boorman skillfully takes major historical events and filters them through small , personal moments .
... a light , nostalgic military coming of age story with mournful undercurrents . While the film may feel slight compared to its precursor , Boorman deftly manages shifting tones while preserving post-war memories in a very specific time and place .
Not as engaging as ` Hope and Glory ' but more deceptive in its modesty .
A deeply personal memoir , so well written and carefully observed that it draws the viewer into the ambience of postwar England with a persuasive power that makes you feel you 're part of the same experience .
For cinephiles who 've followed this 82-year-old British filmmaker 's long and sometimes eccentric career with interest and admiration , `` Queen and Country '' will be a sure winner .
Queen and Country is a truly entertaining flick forged by a master storyteller and the acting is polished , even in the smaller roles .
A lovely movie , as achingly bittersweet as all nostalgia , marked by surprising moments of commonplace beauty - a brilliant morning sky , a gently burbling Thames - and real rough emotion .
A perfectly enjoyable service comedy , playing like a defanged British version of M * A * S * H that never actually gets to Korea .
Sweeping , witty , delightful and charming while brimming with warmth and humanism .
Boorman 's movie oozes fond memories but does n't quite know how to make them relevant .
One of a handful of great movies that look at World War II through the eyes of a child , `` Hope and Glory '' is distinguished by mischievous good humor and by the unashamed acknowledgment that war can be fun as well as horrible .
A sequel to Hope and Glory set in postwar England that proves to be an impressive coda to English writer/director John Boorman 's illustrious career .
The film lacks an ability to construct significant instances of character drama as symbolic of larger concerns pertaining to nationalist dilemmas .
While it took 27 years between films , Queen and Country proves to be a lovely counterpoint to Hope and Glory .
Once more unto the breach for writer-director John Boorman , who revisits the semiautobiographical characters from his superb WWII dramedy Hope and Glory in the beautifully bittersweet Queen and Country .
entertaining enough , but military hi-jinx and romance are just not nearly as fresh a premise as was his sense-of-wonder-view of World War II through the eyes of a boy .
Boorman grasps this opportunity in a war movie , to mount an incidental battle of his own internally against a national belief system without a soul - ridiculing a military hierarchy ranging from nasty to nonsensical , and pulled off with malevolent glee .
With a wildly inconsistent tone , this makes for an emotionally disengaging film that is ultimately rather unfulfilling .
Queen & Country is hardly reinventing the wheel , but it 's charming , evocative and...well-performed ...
Boorman has not lost his skill for deploying actors well .
Queen and Country is an entertaining and sympathetic guide to a lost world : a rite of passage that Britain was to find it could do without .
John Boorman 's sequel to his masterful ` Hope and Glory ' does n't equal its predecessor , but still offers a vivid snapshot of Army and family life in post-War England .
Admittedly modest , but the epitome of jolly , this is like the companionable second volume of an autobiography in film form - you 'll whip through it in no time , and come out wanting more .
Queen And Country is a fitting , intimate curtain call on a long and a hugely dynamic and influential film career .

@highlight

Graceful and bittersweet , Queen and Country finds writer-director John Boorman revisiting past glories with warmth and wisdom .