The satire lacks the bite of The Player .
Precise , smart , and very funny in its specifics but rather clumsy and obvious when it comes to the big picture .
Worth seeing , especially for people interested in the inner workings of the Hollywood machine , but do n't go in expecting a laugh a minute .
It 's a pungent film about Hollywood power and a useful manual for young producers on how to stay upright in Hollywood or at least , how to lose your soul with grace .
It 's not Bowfinger but it 's well worth the ticket .
In an era where old rope such as Fast & Furious can strangle the box office , any reminder of Hollywood 's clueless cynicism is more than welcome .
What Just Happened , despite an air of crisis , feels sluggish and plodding .
An insider 's Hollywood story , Barry Levinson 's film lacks the bite of other admired `` movie movies '' , such as The Player , or way back , The Bad and the Beautiful .
I do n't think it 's particularly funny and I think that 's the problem with the film . I think it wants to be funny .
It 's a shame that the film does n't ever really take off into the stratosphere , because so many of the ingredients are funny and revealing . But this is just another case where it was a better read than a film .
A welcome return to form from Robert De Niro , who has not been so proactively reactive on-screen for many , many years .
It 's also mercifully free of the kind of phony pretensions to subversion and irreverence that weighed down , say , Robert Altman 's The Player .
The film must have great resonance in Hollywood , which loves nothing more than to see its innards hung out in proud dirty linen fashion , but the nebulous structure and meandering storytelling leaves the rest of us a little dissatisfied .
Based on the Art Linson autobiography , this half-baked insider parody tries hard to be madcap .
prospathei na se peisei oti kanei tainia poy dagkonei to systima , tin ora poy o anthropos poy eihe grapsei to biblio , -LSB- ... -RSB- sti metagrafi ton peristatikon toy biografimatos toy se senario , kanei ayto poy epi seira eton prospathoyse na mathei toys dimioyrg
More understated than sidesplitting , this biting satire of showbiz offers an amusing enough inside peek at what life might be like in Tinseltown to remain recommended , its mostly inside industry jokes notwithstanding .
There are a few other clever pokes at Hollywood , but many of the jokes , including a subplot about a Sean Penn thriller that needs fixing , falls flat .
Polished , coherent , rich with internal consistency ... and sacrilegious for believers in The Movies
It is hard to empathize with the petty problems of people living in luxurious houses the size of hotels when so many people in American have lost their homes .
Director Barry Levinson 's What Just Happened ? is about spoiled brats . But it 's amusing .
Ao contrário do recente The Deal , este filme não exibe carinho nenhum por Hollywood -LRB- uma clara hipocrisia -RRB- , o que tampouco o torna melhor do que aquela produção % u2013 ambos esforços terrivelmente inferiores ao genial O Jogador .
Although slightly scathing in its cynical look at highly paid Hollywood hacks rambunctiously jumping through artistic creative hoops , Happened is impishly on the spot in its aimless ribbing at movie wheeling-and-dealing madness .
This is the cannibal conga line that is the Hollywood food chain .
Insider 's satire on the backroom business aspects of Hollywood .
... has small delicious moments , but it 's a slight and ultimately minor movie about people we either do n't much care about or actively dislike .
A playful industry satire made by victors . That 's actually pretty cold when you think about it .
A film that feels every bit the product of its purportedly ruthless and artistically corrupting milieu .
Compared to the likes of Adaptation and The Player , What Just Happened ? is flyweight . De Niro is amiable enough in the lead role , but he 's left to trot around a story that not so much bites the hand that feeds it as licks the palm .
The crisp and merciless ribbing of De Niro in What Just Happened ? is a worthy rival . It 's also great fun .
Well , what happened is that one of the smartest Hollywood memoirs of recent times just got made into a rather disappointing film .
Pure razzle-dazzle , of course - fittingly for this industry , it 's a con-trick .
It 's a struggle to maintain much interest - even if you get the Hollywood in-jokes courtesy of producer-turned-screenwriter Art Linson - and the feeling is unavoidable that it 's been done before ... and an awful lot better .
Linson has drawn his fangs , opting for mild , Entourage-lite parody instead of a full-on Player stitch-up .
As a satire on Tinseltown , it 's toothless .
A send-up of Hollywood and its stars , this is the best film industry satire since The Player . Funnier , too .
It is great to see Willis and Penn sending themselves up and De Niro is also on fine form . Perhaps , though , you need to be interested in the business to get the jokes .
Gags crash , timings tailspin , and celebrity guest stars -LRB- Bruce Willis , Sean Penn -RRB- wear the look that says , `` I think we 've come to the wrong party . ''
Levinson keeps the pace sharp , and at moments you get an acute sense of the crushing weight of ego and money .
Robert De Niro is thankfully back in ` funny ' mode for this enjoyable , if oddly pointless , Hollywood-eatsitself comedy .
More cold than cute , De Niro 's brilliance actually makes the film more confusing than it needs to be .
Likeable Hollywood comedy with strong comic performances from a superb cast , though it 's a shame it 's not a little more daring .
Taken from his own memoirs , Linson 's screenplay has a zing of truth as it cuts through the layers of Hollywood mayhem to tell a thoroughly hilarious and surprisingly involving story of a man on the edge of a nervous breakdown .
By Patricia Blades - Plenty of low-key chuckles rather than belly laughs and the film is short on venom . Despite the histrionics Linson witnessed in Hollywood , he 's a man who remains deeply in love with the industry that spawned him .
A film has not been this aptly titled since Paycheck ... succeeds in giving us plebes a peek at what the Hollywood Elite suffer to entertain us , but it does nothing to atone for the results
Perpetually keeps losing sight of the important targets .
The Park City premiere in January probably echoed with appreciative , knowing chuckles . The local auditorium where the movie opens today , however , is probably just going to echo .
Not something to be taken too seriously , De Niro 's latest comedic flight is completely entertaining with most thanks going to supporting cast Catherine Keener and John Turturro
What Just Happened spends so much time on the inside of the moviemaking industry that it fails to consider one person outside who might find its story interesting .
The world may not have needed another inside-baseball Hollywood satire , but `` What Just Happened ? '' rings true , capturing that quietly frantic feeling that a lot of veteran Hollywood players like Levinson and Linson must feel now and then , wondering if toda
What Just Happened ? commits so many cardinal motion picture sins that it should be excommunicated from the entertainment arena on principle alone .
The movie slumbers along as it ends up nowhere . Considering everyone involved , this is a disaster of epic proportions . What just happened ? ... indeed
What Just Happened is second-rate satire but a first-rate example that De Niro can still be great on screen .
In some ways , What Just Happened feels like an attempt to , if not make amends for moviemaking myopia , at least show how easily the contagion takes hold .
What Just Happened ? is just a plain clumsy movie .
What Just Happened ? has already happened and , to everyone but Levinson , that should n't be surprising .
The sharpest Hollywood satire since The Player .
What Just Happened is like a middle-aged Entourage in desperate need of Viagra .
The problem with Hollywood movies about the Hollywood film industry is : You 've seen one , you 've seen them all .
Levinson keeps the film locked into a sort of low-key middle-age depression .
Entourage and Ricky Gervais ' Extras have thoroughly mined Hollywood excess , lampooned `` visionary , '' unhygienic directors and showcased big stars spoofing themselves . So when a film does the same things , it can seem like old hat .
Rich , soulless Hollywood types screw each other over in What Just Happened . And we 're supposed to care ?
You 'd probably need a veteran Hollywood psychiatrist to explain Tinseltown 's fascination with its own muck .
... not much .
Like a waning starlet fresh from her latest Botox treatment , Hollywood continues to gaze at itself in the mirror . Yet De Niro 's producer adds a rare decency , keeping this film from being one more industry rout .
... an utterly disappointing misfire .
In What Just Happened , we get a loving tribute to the movie business filled with disdain for the ethics of the people who work in the business .
This goofy , sporadically amusing satire is a career bounce-back of sorts . While -LSB- director Levinson -RSB- is not completely back on his game here , at least the film might make us forget about 2006 's disastrous Man of the Year .
Hollywood movies about Hollywood are by definition self-absorbed , but there 's something especially trivial about What Just Happened ?
There are cutting laughs along the way , and Keener plays the hard-nosed studio chief with an insider 's acumen , but , really , Entourage is better than this .
Movies about Hollywood are as common as Jolie babies , and there have been broader , funnier , meaner takes on the business than this one . But this Barry Levinson version of real-life producer Art Linson 's memoir is more movie-savvy than any of them .
If you want to get a peek under the hood of Hollywood or just want to see Bruce Willis in a big , scruffy beard , What Just Happened certainly delivers .
De Niro puts so little into his performances lately , I think I work harder just sitting through them .
What Just Happened ? is wry rather than cutting , a feast of clever humor from a couple of insiders who see the foolishness that surrounds them but like it on the inside anyhow .
Less an expose than a recap of what even casual observers of the industry know or intuit , What Just Happened relies on clichés even as it deplores them .
This satire is a perfect sendup of Hollywood with a marvelous cast , including De Niro in his best performance in years .
DeNiro 's days as a dramatic lead are history , but he still has a future in comedy . Catherine Keener , however , is the best thing in this movie .
A moderately funny , but largely forgettable adaptation of movie producer Art Linson 's bestselling tell-all .
Showbiz satire is too edgy , ` insidery ' for kids .
The adult comedy surprise of the year . A fast moving , often hysterically funny little gem about the business called show .
It made me cry for Harvey Weinstein . Michael Wincott , I 've missed you !
Sixteen years after The Player , it 's apparently still all about making temperamental British directors change their endings and grappling with the casting of Bruce Willis .
Sometimes silly , often scathingly funny , What Just Happened ? finally possesses a winning mix of toughness and heart .
It 's a bit too inside to appeal to wide audiences , though there are some funny scenes .
A movie that 's perfectly good , and yet not good enough .
The film strains to achieve the comedic gait of Wag the Dog or the improvised , overlapping style that so defined Robert Altman 's Hollywood movie , The Player .
If , ultimately , What Just Happened ? emerges as slightly less than the sum of its parts , those parts are very good indeed .
It 's a tossup . Your call .
Happened deviates greatly from Linson 's winning little book in its particulars , but retains its sustained melancholy mood of low-key existential dread and dyspeptic wit .
A fairly toothless Tinseltown expose .
Imagine if a Hollywood satire was about any other business -- would it seem interesting to anyone outside of Hollywood ?
The movie is brilliant at portraying the incredibly high stakes of the seemingly inconsequential and the tremendous amounts of money spent on it .
Even giving the film points for veracity , one is left with the movie 's inherent , fatal flaw : Who gives a rip ?
The industry gags are pretty familiar , but De Niro carries this with the sighing , shambling-bear persona that 's defined him in middle age .
Eventually it just stalls .
De Niro holds this film together , not with bluster or dynamism , but with humanity . In revealing the weakness of a man who lives by the exercise of power , he restores his strength as an actor and makes you care beyond measure for what just happened .
Hollywood is full of liars , back-stabbers , sycophants , would-be power players and rampant egomaniacs . And your point is what ?
It has a light , shaggy charm , and De Niro is at his most winningly comical .
Proving that truth is stranger than fiction , this farcical narrative delves into how egos essentially run Hollywood and how those egos are largely attached to dysfunctional human beings .
Though the movie is darkly funny , most people outside the movie business wo n't find themselves laughing too much .
The title of Barry Levinson 's new movie , What Just Happened , is not phrased as a question , but if it were it would demand another question in response : ` Who cares ? '
... biting , edgy and truly hysterical
A scathing insider look at Hollywood ... De Niro gives one of his most winning performances of recent years ...
A not very fresh or funny glimpse of power players in Hollywood .
It 's esoteric , and its audience is small , but if you 're part of it , you know who you are .
Forget inside baseball , this film comes across more like inside whiffleball than anything else -- a simulacrum that looks sort of like the real thing but which never runs the risk of hitting as hard as the real thing .
It 's as laid-back as any Hollywood movie about itself has ever been .
If truth is stranger than fiction , it 's also , quite often , a lot more boring .
feels fresh and original thanks to Levinson 's phenomenal direction
Even when popping pills , the characters come across about as glamorous as a car salesman with a flask in his drawer
... an amusing look at a dog eat dog culture where vicious battles are fought over whether or not a dog can get shot in make believe land .
Levinson 's knowledge on the subject mixed with Linson 's wonderland atmosphere of spoiled brats and spineless fools makes for a riveting , uproarious viewing experience .
Does n't even consider itself surprising enough to tack on a question mark .
There 's not a whole lot in What Just Happened ? that would be out of place in a good SNL skit .
Hollywood loves to satirize itself using its own medium . But with few exceptions -- The Player comes to mind -- the laughs are rarely as wicked as they should be , and the skewers barely break the skin . So it is with What Just Happened .
It 's another entertaining look at making films and a reminder that , with many of them , what goes on behind the scenes is the best part .
Jaw-droppingly arcane and dripping with self-regard .
A picture skewering the inanities of the filmmaking system needs more sharpness and bite than this one provides .
Every joke in Tropic Thunder , The Player , The Muse , I 'll Do Anything , even HBO 's Entourage is sharper , more incisive and funnier than those in What Just Happened .
It has dryly obscene , laugh-out-loud lines , and its portrait of Hollywood as a giant anxiety attack is fused by De Niro , who musters a desperate , nagging warmth beneath his grumbly facade .
Coming from a Hollywood background , I 'm often asked about the social hierarchy of TinselTown . Here 's an insider 's snappy , satirical glimpse into that treacherous industry .
The script is sharp , and the ensemble cast a treat .
Levinson has assembled a fine field of actors , no question , but the going is too easy for them underfoot ; movies about movies are old ground .
What Just Happened ? is a doodle , but its aura of dread seems earned .
The draw , for fan mag stalwarts , behind-the-scenes aficionados and the film-passionate is this A-list cast delivering a few chuckle-worthy self-stereotypes .
Like the perpetual insider crap shoot and big bucks blown on questionable movie fare , Levinson is willing to take his chances on that backroom and behind the scenes pathological reality show drama known as Hollywood .
The film could be faulted for being another masturbatory exercise in Hollywood narcissism , but that 's really nothing new .
Filled with inside humor about things like the importance of premiering certain kinds of films at Cannes , Levinson 's latest comedy confirmed the first rule of success in the film business ; `` nobody knows nothing . ''
There are enough easily identifiable characters and humorous episodes that industry insiders recognize from their own experience that they will smile and chuckle while nudging each other and shaking their heads .
Really , how many times will you get to see Bruce Willis , Sean Penn , and Robert De Niro work together ? -LRB- And in a comedy , no less . -RRB-
A minor , too gentle satire about Hollywood , Levinson ` insider 's film adds a panel to a growing body of films -- really a subgenre -- including his own Wag the Dog and Jimmy Hollywood , but lacks originality and biting humor .
This intermittently amusing outing is graced by one of Robert De Niro 's more engaging performances of recent vintage .
A desultory Hollywood satire that fatally lacks the guts or verve to say anything vitally new or different .










@highlight

What Just Happened has some inspired comic moments , but this inside-baseball take on Hollywood lacks satirical bite .