... ultimately establishes itself as a compelling little drama ...
It is phony , manipulative films like this that make people line up for Paul Blart : Mall Cop .
When Hill and Moore leave story and characters behind to veer off into suspenseless chases through cornfields , one wonders if the era of earnest American drama may be coming to a close .
A convoluted , discombobulated take on a small-town drama , Lake City shifts gears so often it never gets out of the driveway .
With all the high-profile movies blasting into theaters at this time of year , Lake City will probably get lost in the shuffle . That wo n't be a tragedy .
The only thing saving Lake City from total ridiculousness is Spacek .
Mother and son have an uneasy bond that should be familiar to anyone who has ever seen a movie in which a child 's room has been preserved and locked tight .
An interesting little film .
A movie that just did n't really ring true .
The astonishingly inept finish could serve as a primer in screenwriting classes on how not to wind up a family drama .
One of those Deep Dark Secret movies , the dull indie Lake City combines a wholly uninteresting family mystery with a wholly unconvincing crime drama .
Only natural spitfire Spacek , as the pickup-driving mom of the land , feels fresh .
An intermittently admirable but largely incongruous work that suggests not only divergent sensibilities on the part of the two neophyte filmmakers , but a certain indecisiveness regarding their core audience .
When Sissy Spacek speaks her cliched lines in the mediocre screenplay of Lake City , her delivery lends them a resonance that is not in the written words .
`` Lake City '' is a throwaway film with a cast it does n't deserve .
The movie has an earnest tone , and a burnished golden glow that 's pleasing to the eye , but the characters have no life beyond their immediate problems , and the actions the plot requires them to take to resolve them .
All of these movies uneasily coexist under the umbrella title of Lake City , which is a shame because Sissy Spacek can be found wasting a genuinely affecting performance in this mess .
The filmmakers rely excessively on a repeated dreamlike flashback and on foliage , fields and sunsets to remind us ` we are all part of a greater universe . '
The story is as impersonal as it is labored .
Added to the general torpidity and twangy tropes of this Southern family drama is the discomfort of watching a natural actor force it .
There is very little wasted motion , to be sure , but also very little real-life like ambience .
As for Sissy Spacek , I ca n't think of a sounder role to reflect the unique qualities that make her so special .
Quaintly shot and paced , not unlike Shotgun Stories , but insanely over-written , Lake City dumps on audiences a plot that consists of 500-some-odd puzzle pieces that all come together exactly as you expect .
Moore and Hill 's script plunges -LSB- Sissy -RSB- Spacek in a mawkish stew of banality and improbability composed of bits and pieces of earlier roles .
Contrived and too serious for its own good , it 's hard to imagine any distributor loving it so much they want to let the rest of the world see it .


@highlight

Lake City fails to make use of its accomplished cast , with the story unraveling amid the competing visions of its dual directors .