A Prophet is not a fabulous film , but it is well worth seeing . Although it is 2 hours 29 minutes long and its story is not surprising , it is always riveting .
The director uses gritty in-your-face close-ups to immerse us in the daily routine of prison existence , which , like all minutely observed routines , is utterly compelling .
Un prophète , despite near-universal critical acclaim , languishes in an aesthetic no man 's land .
But with its lush Alexandre Desplat score , deeply shadowed compositions , and fluid , understated camera movement , A Prophet is distinctly an Audiard construction .
This is a brutal prison crime drama that shows the transformation of a small-time criminal into a big-time crime boss .
A movie that has more in common with Jean Genet than Frantz Fanon , but there 's enough insights into white colonial domination of Arab peoples to make this a cut above the standard prison melodrama . Highly recommended .
Like Goodfellas without the visual fizz , or Scarface played straight , this is , quite simply , one of the greatest prison films ever made .
An epic-styled comment on the practical side of getting through modern life , with spirituality and loyalty playing side parts to gaining raw skill .
... a riveting portrait of a prison education .
... a journey of hard-fought survival told with an unforgettable verve and originality .
the rarest of crime films : One that turns us inside out with concern not only for Malik 's physical safety , but for the safety of his soul
While A Prophet might lack the ambiguity and the moral complexity to make it a classic of its genre , it is an excellent work by most standards .
A taut prison drama by crime-flick specialist Jacques Audiard .
That rare film that tries to do too much , yet carries the heavy load of its themes with ease . Audiard dreams big , and his movie is unquestionably a classic crime film , because it transcends all of the conventions of the genre .
Revela-se trágico justamente por refletir uma triste realidade : a de que , antes de funcionar como centro de reabilitação , o sistema penitenciário atua principalmente como uma excepcionalmente perigosa faculdade do crime .
Un intenso , brutal y formidable relato sobre el ascenso criminal dentro de la cárcel como forma de supervivencia . Excepcional labor protagónica del casi debutante Tahar Rahim . No suele abundar cine como éste ; el crimen sería perdérselo .
Un prophète s ` élève au même niveau que ces grands films auxquels il sera inévitablement comparé tout en parvenant à s ` en dissocier pour imposer ses propres méthodes .
Unsentimental and amoral , Jacques Audiard 's A Prophet is a French gangster/prison thriller that nearly lives up to the flattery ...
For the most part , this tough-minded tale maintains its distinctive edge .
A movie that stands with the best prison thrillers from any country ; a film that vividly illustrates the connection between prison and the violent , radical form of Islam that keeps much of Europe on edge .
Think GoodFellas , but with Gauloises and accent aigu instead of plates of spaghetti and accent Pesci .
A Prophet begins as a gritty prison film and becomes an arresting gangster saga . It is a film with character , vitality , and humanity . In A Prophet we are incarcerated in a powerful work of art .
Undoubtedly one of the finest films of the last year .
Grim and violent prison film .
`` A Prophet '' is cold and unsentimental , ratcheting up the tension slowly over its 154-minute running time . The violence is swift and brutal , like that opening murder and a claustrophobic shootout in an SUV that 's impressively staged .
renders the most striking and haunting scenes of 2009
Jacques Audiard offers an accurate depiction of what goes on in the French prison system . The omnipresent camera always is in the right place . The sound effects and the production design are top drawer .
Audiard has talked about the prospects of a sequel to A Prophet . With the foundation he has built here , it would be a welcome one .
An epic crime saga , but a curiously claustrophobic one .
For the antihero , Malik , the rewards do n't stop ; ` crime does n't pay ' is not the message of this ` Prophet . '
Skillfully blending an ultra-modern visual style with classic storytelling elements , Audiard has made the first true crime classic of the 21st century .
It 's not an easy film to watch . But some very strong performances and some smart material certainly help .
A Prophet is essential viewing for art-film buffs and crime-flick fans , but also for anyone who 's looking for a great story , terrific acting and masterful filmmaking .
It sometimes attains greatness -- mostly within the confines of its genre -- but it ca n't maintain its greatness .
The success of Malik is sheer American dream via France : Anyone can make it if they try hard enough . Make it at what , of course , is always the question .
How a does a timid boy become a violent gangster ? Like this ... -LSB- H -RSB- arrowing and sharply ironic ...
A prison film telling it straight
Audiard never overplays the new experiences facing Malik , be they violent or touching . Yet his tender regard for our complicated hero shines through .
The astonishingly good French drama A Prophet is the best prison/crime saga to come along in quite a while .
Engrossing , amoral prison thriller and socio-political commentary .
He 's Michael Corleone for our new ` post-racial ' era . The Scarface Obama .
A Prophet is long and sometimes grueling , but it never feels indulgent or excessive .
The film never succumbs to the pitfalls of the prison-movie genre , and there 's something poetic about how Audiard , in the midst of all this violence , manages to make a punch to the stomach seem like the most violent act of all .
A really satisfying , meaty film .
Watching Malik 's evolution from timid and scared teenager into a self-assured and confident crime lord is downright fascinating , so much of it moving with such a cocksure elegance and grace the spell it casts is borderline hypnotic .
Jacques Audiard 's tense , brutal crime pic is a triumph of writing , acting -LRB- by a mostly amateur cast salted in just the right spots by professionals -RRB- , and scene-setting .
A Prophet solidifies director Jacques Audiard 's standing as a criminal mastermind whose work leaves genre classifications in the dust .
A well-made gangster tale with parallels to Brian De Palma 's Scarface .
Although these are n't characters with whom filmgoers will have an instinctive rooting interest , Rahim and Arestrup imbue them with fascinating nuances and , in Rahim 's case , surprising vulnerability .
Writer/director Jacques Audiard is an intensely focused filmmaker with a gift for getting us inside the heads of ambivalent young men .
French director Jacques Audiard 's grim , disturbing prison picture slices through gangster clichés to hit raw nerve .
In Jacques Audiard 's haunting prison drama A Prophet , we watch a young man transformed by life behind bars .
Rahim , with only a few film and TV roles behind him , gives a performance of startling force and subtlety .
Gritty , accomplished take on the genre , but falls into rote patterns that are only slightly disrupted by a brief foray into the supernatural .
That rarest sort of movie , the kind that comes in on a huge wave of hype , and justifies every word of it .
The film 's view of prison is unwavering in the brutality of both the environment and the candor with which it is presented .
A stunning cinematic experience .
Tremendously watchable cinema .
An object lesson in how prison can serve as a finishing school for crooks .
One of the most riveting films in years , an instant gangster classic .
Amidst the gloom , urgently summoning our attention , is one of the most impressive performances of recent times , by relative newcomer Tahar Rahim .
If his two previous films suggested a director dipping a few toes in dark waters , Un Prophete marks the moment when Audiard took the plunge .
The film is a ferocious coming-of-age tale beginning with the arrival of 19-year-old Malik El Djebena -LRB- French-Algerian Tahar Rahim , who recalls the beautiful ruffians of Caravaggio -RRB- in a hard-core French prison .
This is a class of movie that operates on a higher plane than its peers . I wrestled with it . But on some level it 's here to be wrestled with .
Writer-director Jacques Audiard manages to replicate The Godfather 's most elusive element , not the dark comedy or the operatic bloodletting , but the incremental corruption of a decent man into a willful , coldhearted killer .
A Prophet pushes its protagonist into circumstances he did not choose but in which he watches and learns and kills and eventually becomes all he can be , albeit criminally .
Unnoticed , he takes in everything , and like Yojimbo , but with more sycophancy than swagger , he learns to play contending sides against each other and come out a winner .
The newcomer Rahim is an enigma . What is he thinking ? I believe that 's the quality Audiard wants . He 's a newly poured man , and when the mold sets , it happens inside .
A Prophet is as gripping as any recent film about crime and criminals , although its ill-focused attempts to incorporate elements of the supernatural -LRB- prophetic visions and ghostly apparitions -RRB- are bizarre and ineffective .
It 's one quarter of a great movie . But , after its frightening opening act , the rest of the movie is remarkably ho hum and way too long . Still it 's well worth seeing for its devastatingly intense first thirty minutes .
... the film which should win the Foreign Language Oscar , but which the notoriously conservative and sentimental voting pool will probably find too violent . It 's deserving to be remembered again this year .
Rahim 's star-making performance gives the film some sense of mystery and ambiguity .
Deserves to be mentioned in the same breath as such gangster movie classics as The Godfather , Scarface , Goodfellas and City of God .
Rahim and Arestrup are both so outstanding that if this were an English-language film , they 'd probably be nominated for Oscars , too . Read more : http://www.nydailynews.com/entertainment/movies/2010/02/26/2010-02-26_short_takes_a_prophet_art_of_the_steal_y
The only major drawback to this otherwise excellent film is that the schemes between the warring factions can be somewhat confusing . But unlike a kingpin intent on conquering empires -- we ca n't have everything .
A Prophet is a compelling piece of naturalistic filmmaking , claustrophobic and thought-provoking .
An answered prayer for those who believe that revitalizing classic forms with contemporary attitudes makes for the most compelling kind of cinema .
A Prophet is uncompromising in its style , story and characterizations .
A highly original film made in a familiar context , and an exciting moviegoing experience you should n't miss .
Director Jacques Audiard scores a triumph of the highest order with the defiant poetry of his vision .
Stephane Fontaine 's hand-held lensing complements Audiard 's in-your-face bravado .
A feast of ideas , sensations and images that pull you into a world you never could -LRB- and never would want to -RRB- visit or inhabit . . expansive , encompassing and yet deeply personal .
A huge , sprawling meal of a film that feels like a new classic .
It may be grim , but ultimately it 's a story of survival , both topical and timeless .
Filmmaking at point-blank range , a stark , fierce criminal portrait of tremendous power .
It 's not a particularly new story , but as told by Jacques Audiard , Un Prophète is electrifying , soulful entertainment , a beautifully told film featuring great performances and remarkable cinematography .
A Prophet is one of those rare films in which the moral stakes are as insistent and thought through as the aesthetic choices .
the fourth film by the Parisian-born Audiard and though I 'm reluctant to call it his strongest , it is by every possible measure his most ambitious and his most fully engrossing
Thoroughly absorbing , exciting , even poetic .
The central question of the prison drama - What does it mean to survive ? - is transposed onto the experiences of a young Arab who arrives formless and frightened but determined to get by .
The stuffed plot of this blue-hued prison drama spins out of control , and the director 's ` world as it is , as it plays out , ' complicates itself too much .
A quietly stunning saga that won the Grand Prix last year at Cannes and is a worthy Oscar nominee for Best Foreign Language Film ...
It 's visceral , compelling , and satisfying , a fresh take on an old genre .
Audiard 's fancy camera and music mannerisms are as trashy and superfluous as a Michael Mann movie : using `` Mack the Knife '' as a theme does n't match Brecht but reveals Audiard 's essential lack of interest in Malik 's culture .
Whether audiences have the stomach for 150 minutes behind bars remains debatable , but there is no denying the persuasive power of a film that takes no prisoners and pulls no punches .
The film is deficient in form and content-not naturalistic so much as neutered , less revisionist than rote .
Audiard has created another masterpiece , almost like his ` Godfather ' trilogy if it were done over the course of one movie .
Unrelentingly intense from start to finish , Jacques Audiard 's bold examination of the modern-day French prison system hinges on its central character 's transformation from an ignorant submissive criminal into an intelligent dominant force .
A Prophet does n't reimagine the prison movie so much as simply reenergize it through painstaking attention to particulars .
Jacques Audiard 's film , which lasts two and a half hours , maintains an unflagging urgency , stalling only when the double-dealing grows too dense .
The questions A Prophet does n't neatly tie up are fascinating to ponder , and help make this gritty movie worthy of many of the accolades its received .
First-rate French prison drama that , with the right marketing , could find a sizeable audience outside of the usual art-house crowd .
A pretzel of a motion picture , further augmented with a few surreal dreamscape touches and optical tinkering , but A Prophet remains an accessible nightmare , with a near-masterful dosage of suffocation and brutality .
Rahim is an exciting , unpredictable presence , and Arestrup 's César has a stature that 's nearly Shakespearean .
With a rich vein of brains , brawn and twists to constantly turn this film and its audience on their heads , Une Prophet is a truly compelling journey into the criminal world , that may well prove to be the Godfather of its generation .
This is masterful cinema . Kinetic , dynamic , absolutely riveting with Stephane Fontaine 's handheld camerawork just outstanding .
A Prophet is an extremely gripping and exciting film . The scenes leading up to moments of violence are incredibly tense and even through we know what is about to happen , the violence in this film is genuinely shocking .
Though it can sometimes feel like a prisoner in its own genre , moving in the same direction as several crime dramas before it , director Jacques Audiard , avoids cliche and grandstanding , and gives A Prophet the intelligence and artistic flair to cha
Jacques Audiard 's prison drama is a bracingly cynical antidote to the waftiness of much French cinema .
It 's a conventional enough story , but Audiard invests it with a kind of metaphysical dimension . In tone and style , it is a little reminiscent of the fine recent Italian mafia film Gomorrah and , like that film , will be talked about for many years to come .
Destined to be one of the finest crime films of all time . In a year with little top-class French cinema to be found , this is exhilarating , intelligent , gritty and ruthlessly surprising .
The story of a poor , illiterate youngster of mixed blood whose parents had abandoned him and who has nothing , until he goes to prison for adults and slowly begins to make the most of his situation
Jacques Audiard 's gritty film about prison life , corruption , discrimination , survival skills and ambition is tense , violent and full of surprises
Thanks to Audiard 's instinct for casting and his willingness to get inside the head of his protagonist , the movie maintains a raw power .
A modern French crime epic where the smudges and crossings out do not diminish the passages of great dreamlike power .
The sheer force of Audiard 's direction can support such enigmas . It forces you , bullies you , persuades you to love his filmmaking style - even if not always to understand his motives .
A Prophet , Jacques Audiard 's masterful prison saga , will undoubtedly be considered to be one of the great films of 2010 , if not the coming decade .
This is the work of the rarest kind of film-maker , the kind who knows precisely what he is doing and where he is going . The film 's every effect is entirely intentional .
Its similarity to pulp Hollywood - in a festival context , a valuable antidote to art-house sprawl and drift - now makes it seem more rather than less generic .
The Gallic gangster tradition appears to be in rude health . Audiard 's film is a triumph that deserves international recognition , but as with the likes of Gomorrah , films that tell it like it is reap their own rewards .
A riveting rise-of-the-underdog drama anchored by newcomer Tahar Rahim 's sensational lead performance .
It 's this unpredictability that makes A Prophet so gripping . The time also flies thanks to the brilliant editing , Audiard expertly changing gear from quiet introspection to scenes as pulsating as any Hollywood thriller .
Another riveting insight into French thug life . The unsparing atmosphere - and Tahar Rahim 's star-making turn - will sweep you along .
The most memorable French crime movie since La Haine .
An unforgettable experience .
Some of the story-telling is muddled , and no attempt is made to imbue the proceedings with any kind of morality . We are presumably meant to admire the leading man 's opportunism , resilience and ability to cast off and reassume his Muslim identity at will .
An emotionally draining but soul-stirring classic .
This is a moral movie set in an immoral world , one of those circle-squaring feats at which French drama and cinema so darkly excel .
A Prophet will be bracketed in years to come as a prison drama , but it will stay in the memory of those who see it as a character study , bristling with cross-currents of feeling and sharp observation .
A Prophet is one of the must-see foreign language films of 2010 .
Steeped in a chilling sense of social realism and the grim cynicism of everyday life , this epic tour de force is a quietly enthralling study of one man 's rise to power .
The reach of the film goes well beyond France and beyond Europe : it might be the most gripping work of art this year , and not seeing it could seriously damage your interestingness .
A blistering dramatic epic .
This blistering French crime epic is n't just the natural successor to City Of God , with its sweeping plot , jawbone-shattering violence and trouser-troubling tension . It 's within spitting distance of the classics . The Untouchables . Scarface . Goodfellas .
Raw yet stylish , exhilarating but never overwhelmingly so , it 's the kind of muscular filmmaking that exudes authoritative power without reverting to histrionics . It also remains thoroughly alive to the way movies can excite on a primal level .
This is an edge-of-seat masterclass in filmmaking techniques .
At two and a half hours you might expect the film to drag , but Audiard keeps the pace , ensuring that the film is nothing short of riveting .
Its gritty , realistic portrayal of life within the brutal corridors of prison is thoroughly riveting and makes another impressive addition to Audiard 's growing filmography .
It 's incredible . It 's gritty and powerful and ludicrously affecting . It 's full of complex characters and profound little arty sequences . It makes almost every other prison drama look like The Escapist .
A gritty and tough depiction of a young petty criminal 's introduction to the ways of the world while serving a six-year prison sentence .
Stunningly directed and superbly written , this is a thoroughly gripping thriller with a terrific central performance from newcomer Tahar Rahim - it 's also one of the best films of the year .
Full review at Movies for the Masses
A beautifully made but not completely intellectually satisfying mirror on contemporary French upward mobility .
An intense performance by Tahir Rahim is at the center of a prison drama that conforms only slightly to the usual genre .
for all its gripping excitement as a thriller , and its grim realism as a sociopolitical exposé of life inside , A Prophet is also concerned with the mysterious processes of education , assimilation and transfiguration .
Audiard 's sensationally directed set pieces and the quietly compelling performance by Rahim hold interest throughout
A Prophet is an astonishingly detailed crime drama that could end up being this year 's Gomorra , but although it 's arguably more accessible .
A Prophet is a compelling , forceful drama .
Successfully balancing art-film portraiture with a gangster picture 's plot , the film may be one of the more conventional movies in this year 's Cannes competition , it 's also been one of the more satisfying .
A Prophet works both as hard-edged , painstaking detailed social realism and as a compelling genre entertainment .
French master Jacques Audiard has challenged the thus-far mostly middling Cannes competition with a powerful prison drama that 's an old-fashioned Bildungsroman in in-your-face , intensely realistic disguise .



@highlight

Featuring an impressive star turn by newcomer Tahar Rahim , A Prophet is a French gangster film filled with arresting , immediate details .