When the best thing about your movie is its unfamiliar location , you know you have a problem .
The more I talk about it , the more absurd the premise sounds . The movie is a big jump-scare fest .
Friend Request lets its loaded topics lay flaccid , working against itself .
Friend Request is an incompetent , ghastly looking , woodenly acted , unintentionally howlingly hilarious , nonsensical mess of a fright feature
Derivative and focusing on tedium rather than authentic scares , or even a point , Friend Request benignly works through the beats of its supernatural social media premise .
Lacking genuine scares , smarts or suspense , this Friend Request should be denied and blocked .
Instantly forgettable ...
There 's a little more to this ` Friend Request ' than you might imagine .
Despite some infrequent highlights , the negatives are glaring .
The cast and crew here are all hungry nobodies looking for their big break . They should keep looking .
For all the good scares , there are just as many snickers , and some hammy execution suggests that Verhoeven 's film is a request that should probably be ignored .
It 's a film devoid of subtext , which is especially disappointing given that the subtext would have been so easy to incorporate .
Do yourself a favor and unsubscribe .
A trashy , throwaway tech-terror thriller , filled with far too many jump scares .
This is a film in which a goth from beyond the grave exacts revenge for being unfriended by-are you sitting down ? - making her victim less popular on Facebook . The horror !
There 's no indication ... that Friend Request has the smallest clue how actual college students use anything at all .
With October coming up , fans are going to want to get their horror fix , and frankly this is n't it . If you get this FRIEND REQUEST , make sure you delete it .
A senseless and forgettable second-rate horror film .
It 's really bad . As in `` Please let the supernatural entity kill everyone as expeditiously as possible so that the ending will arrive and everyone can leave '' bad . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Profanity , Scares , etc. - also Available -RRB-
The characters are n't as obnoxious and unlikable as the ones in `` Smiley '' and `` Unfriended , '' but then again , bland and forgettable is only a marginally preferable alternative .
So gloriously dumb that it is surprisingly a whole lot of fun .
An ill-conceived , poorly executed , total mess of an attempt to mine terror from a popular cultural phenomenon
This horror movie begins with an intriguing idea -- exploring the pitfalls of social media -- but quickly succumbs to routine setups and payoffs typical of most uninspired ghost stories .
The obvious response to a movie this bad is to press ` Delete ' and hope you do n't get an error message .
Feeling outdated and lacking genuine frights for genre aficionados , this is an easy choice to unfriend .
While Friend Request dives deep into the darker side to social addiction , and how it transforms us as a society and as individuals , it 's too shallow of a film to have any true impact .
Among the most unintentionally funny films of recent vintage , starting with the periodic on-screen appearance of the heroine 's Facebook friend count as it spirals downward , which is presented as equivalent to the tragedy of a string of murders .
When dealing with something as stale and formulaic as Friend Request , you have to take what you can get .
If you get a friend request to see this Friend Request . Ignore it , delete it , and run . Awful film packed with cliche horror movie characters , events & all .
Look , people doing dumb things in a horror movie is par for the course . Heck , it 's even part of the fun . But there becomes a point where things can get taken a step too far .
If the story is standard teen-horror material , Verhoeven plays honestly by it , laying out the scares in crisp fashion and building a few genuinely WTF moments , if not much LOL .
It 's flimsy genre junk of the most generic variety , just with a really groan-worthy Facebook spin .
`` Friend Request '' is less insightful than a tossed off status update . Request denied .
Marina is no Freddy or Jason . I do n't think she 'll be back in Friend Request 2 . The producers of Friend Request did n't even bother to make a Ma Rina Facebook page . Fail .
`` Social media will kill you . '' Yeah . We get it . Again .
Evil is trending , indeed .
If Friend Request was really trying to say something about the dangers of social media , there might be some value to the story . But the film either is n't interested in that , or is so bad at doing so that the message gets lost .
It 's a sincere , and sincerely inept motion picture , and that combination makes Friend Request the exact opposite of scary . It makes it unintentionally hilarious .
Friend Request is either the funniest bad horror movie ever made or , more likely , just a bad movie that was never meant to be a comedy .
Flimsy and forgettable ... seems made with the sole aim of being perfectly adequate background noise for something else .
Despite a few well-timed jump scares , `` Friend Request '' never really builds much tension .
It predictably utilizes Facebook to superficially spit-shine another wanly Americanized J-horror retread .
We 've literally just seen this , in 2015 's Unfriended . Tedious wannabe scarefest misses the true horrors of Facebook and cultivates a personality-free blandness .
Tthe characters of Friend of Request are equally unmemorable with almost everyone failing to rise above the absurdity and downright idiocy of the script .
All in all , there really is n't anything new in this film . Rather , it 's a very standard horror film which attempts to be modern by incorporating social media deeply into its lack-of-plot .
CGI wasps and coloured contact lenses are n't as terrifying as director Simon Verhoeven seems to think , and all the loud bangs in the world ca n't hide the lack of tension .
Friend Request may be a little heavy-handed with their jump scares , but when built effectively , screams are an easy find .
It is n't terrible , which is as close to praise as I 'm willing to get .
It 's all very glossy and shallow , but there are some genuinely creepy animated sequences -LRB- purportedly the work of Liesl Ahlers ' weird Gothic outsider -RRB- and some effective jump scares .
Friend Request is an above average social media themed horror movie that entertains throughout , with enough jump scares to keep your heartbeat racing , and a few unintentionally funny moments thrown in for good measure .
Although there are some fun jolts and gruesome shocks to be had , Friend Request struggles to find anything new to say , feeling instead like something you 'd half-remembered from a decade ago .
The dread this could engender is not too strong and although there is some gore , it is not horribly horror-ific and is probably best suited to teen horror newbies . Genre aficionados might find it rather tame .
Despite an overreliance on loud bangs , director Simon Verhoeven pulls off a couple of chills ...
A movie that yields line like ` unfriend this dead bitch ' has a certain camp appeal but this is an unpleasant and manipulative affair that makes increasingly grim viewing .
A schlocky and charmless horror film with demonic overtones , Friend Request does n't have the wit to develop what might have been an interesting idea .
One thing 's for sure : Facebook wo n't like it . That alone has got to be worth a thumbs-up .
Friend Request is a thoroughly unpleasant and somewhat laughable horror movie with a warning to young folks at its core : be careful whom you friend on Facebook .
This militantly appalling horror film offers so much to complain about that it hardly seems worth taking offence at its interpersonal politics
It 's slickly made but shoddily scripted , with sub-reality TV dialogue -LRB- `` This chick is just damaged '' -RRB- and a range of unengaged , soapy performances .
It 's not likely to be the next Paranormal Activity but it 's far more engaging than the uninspired title suggests .
The kind of horror movie you probably watched at a sleepover as a teenager .
The serious issues the film is exploring get pushed to the wayside in favour of shoehorning in gimmicky frights .
While social media is increasingly coming under the microscope for engendering insecurity among young people , cinema is yet to deliver a truly chilling meditation on its insidious impact .

@highlight

Friend Request 's attempts to update old-school teen horror for the digital age do not , sadly , include memorable characters , fresh scares , or novel storytelling twists .