The Wolfpack have earned this final bow .
Part III was an improvement on Part II , mainly because it was n't a carbon copy of the original , but it 's still pretty well a dud .
... if director and co-writer Todd Phillips did n't run this once clever idea into the ground the first two times , he definitely did it the third time with THE HANGOVER PART III .
If you loved The Hangover but loathed its nastier , cruder , non-hilarious sequel - apart from that quite amusing monkey - you 'd be right to approach this threequel with caution .
It 's such tired schtick , such a nakedly calculated play to be `` controversial , '' for an increasingly irrelevant filmmaker to get attention . He used to do so by making funny movies .
It 's a more mature ending this time , a fitting way to wrap up the series and signal it 's time for us to let go of these poorly behaved rascals .
Ironically , the most subdued Hangover is perhaps the most watchable , too .
Though the following might read like faint praise , `` The Hangover Part III '' closes out what 's likely the best comedy trilogy of all time , and on a genuinely respectable note .
A singularly unpleasant experience drenched in so much anger and frustration that the film almost becomes interesting . Almost .
One of the most unnecessary trilogies in the history of motion pictures slump to its subdued and flavorless finale
Where 's Mike Tyson when you need him ?
It 's really apparent that outside of the originally established formula , Phillips and company really had no clue where to take the Wolfpack .
It is barely a comedy . Heck , it 's barely a movie .
Whatever humour was left in the guys-gone-wild porn of the Hangover franchise dribbles and trickles and slips out , one quarter-chuckle every half-hour or so , in the third instalment .
This sequel is obnoxious , unfunny , and disgusting , a far cry from the humorous original .
The Hangover series comes to a merciful close with an installment that 's at least a slight improvement over its immediate predecessor ...
These movies are done . They are past done . Yes , The Hangover was a genuinely funny movie , but the warm feelings towards a well done piece of entertainment are not enough to make Part III anything more than rote .
What 's strangest about The Hangover Part III is how , well , not funny it is . I do n't mean that it makes a bunch of jokes that do n't work ; I mean that there are not a lot of jokes .
Among the movie 's built-in problems are the fact that Galifianakis ' character is more pathetic than amusing ...
Many moviegoers might feel betrayed by a concept that is n't nearly as funny as its predecessors in part because it does n't try to be as funny .
There was barely enough depth to these characters to pull us through the first 100 minutes , now five hours later they 've become thoroughly boring .
A nutty kitchen sink comedy ending on a cliffhanger designed to keep diehard fans of the depraved franchise in suspense about whether yetta nudder sequel might be in the works .
The makers of the Hangover movies should n't see any glory in being responsible for the second-unfunniest -LSB- Scary Movie being the first -RSB- comedy franchise in town .
Human pain and humiliation may be the essence of comedy , but animal cruelty is hardly funny . The third Wolfpack film touts its giraffe decapitation in its trailer ; it also includes the smothering of a chicken with a pillow and the poisoning of dogs .
Perhaps we were wrong to complain about the repetitive nature of ` The Hangover Part II . ' At least there were funny moments . This is a slow action film , with only a few amusing parts .
Yeah ... we totally did n't need this movie .
It does n't offer as many surprises as its predecessors . But it ties things up neatly - just as it should . I can see the boxed set now with all three movies and a bottle of aspirin attached !
The Hangover Part III is where the series gets the dry heaves .
Well , the wolves have packed it in and anyone who coughed up 10 bucks for a ticket to this fecal threequel has my deepest condolences .
The Hangover III is all big , broad comedy , a movie that never met a hacky punchline that it did n't shriek in your face and then repeat two seconds later .
Nowhere near as good as the original but better than the second installment .
Overall , the movie suffers from a lack of inspiration . The desire to produce a sequel overrode the need to create another legendary film .
It is a sobering realization to exit the theater and know that I have come to despise the Wolf Pack and these movies .
Arrive with two aspirin and lowered expectations and the pounding in your head will be virtually nonexistent .
It 's past time for this series to end .
Overall , it 's not terrible by current comedic standards . Just a trifle undernourished , overlong and desperate .
Straight-faced and frantic , like a grim , south-of-the-border thriller by Oliver Stone ... this sequel is about as funny as Tabasco sauce on a paper cut .
A major disappointment , running on fumes
An underwritten anti-comedy that 's also unremittingly unpleasant . It 's all the uns .
The only winner here , and I do use that term loosely , is Justin Bartha as Doug , who spends most of the film as the off-screen hostage .
I would rather just see more hangover mysteries . It 's an inherently funny setup with limitless -LRB- see what I did there ? -RRB- permutations to explore . And mark my words , they still will .
When Phillips dumped Jon Lucas and Scott Moore , the writers of the first of this trilogy , he dumped all the charm and comedy . This mediocrity is n't as bad as the second but is still dreadful .
A prime example of what is colloquially referred to in movie-speak as a `` cash grab '' ... a lame , limp , lazy , lifeless reheating of a formula that got tired the second time around .
It was n't meant to copy either film preceding it . It 's not a great feat of creativity , but at least it represented some actual work by the people making the movie .
-LRB- ... -RRB- it feels like last week 's doughnut with no jam in the middle .
he tail end of a good idea that was stretched well beyond its breaking point .
-LRB- ... -RRB- we 're back where we started . In Vegas and wondering what 's going on . The difference this time is that the filmmakers ' themselves do n't seem to know , either .
It 's not a caper , not a comedy ... instead , it 's a tepid rehash of gross , stale material that 's no longer amusing .
Best enjoyed by loyal fans who want to see the end of the Wolfpack saga - as viewers looking for a bigger -LRB- and better -RRB- set of laughs might be disappointed .
This final installment in the party-boy franchise ... wisely drops the narrative gimmick of alcohol-induced amnesia that made the first movie so unusual and the second its pallid copy .
The Hangover Part III is a victim to the demands of an audience wanting more , a studio cashing in and a filmmaker not knowing how to say no .
The decision to center so much of the story on the volatile , one joke Chow , proves fatal as Ken Jeong is about as funny as a tubercular cough .
If you loved the first Hangover , you 'll probably enjoy this one too . There 's no tiger hiding in the bathroom , but it 's still good for a few laughs .
The Hangover Part III is the encore to a concert that 's gone on too long : You know what 's coming and you ca n't wait for it to end .
A fine line exists between forgivable drug-induced actions and just being unforgivingly mean .
An excessively violent action comedy that handily manages the tough task of feeling at once tired and aggressively heartless .
Do n't expect this Hangover to compare to the original , but it does supersede its dull sequel .
The surprise is that this trilogy concludes with a movie in which action often speaks louder than comedy . It is n't as consistently , convulsively funny as The Hangover , or apparently intended to be .
Props to Phillips for trying to recapture the glory days , but he should realize that you never forget your first , and you seldom surpass it .
Not even the elaborate stunt sequences offer much suspense because it all feels contrived and computer-generated .
If only what happened in Vegas had stayed in Vegas .
What once felt like total anarchy now feels mechanical and tired .
This third installment could easily be dismissed as too little , too late , if only it were n't in fact too much , too late .
It is what is . We 've had some good laughs . Let 's part amicably .
At least we still have ` Bridesmaids . '
For the final instalment of the trilogy , filmmaker Todd Phillips takes a sharp left turn , abandoning the formula of the first two movies to send the Wolf Pack on a road thriller that is n't remotely funny .
I suppose you have to give `` The Hangover Part III '' credit for at least trying to be a little different , but the reality is that it hardly had any chance at all of being any good .
The Bataan Death March of Hollywood comedies .
The hangover on the third day of a three-day binge makes you wonder why you decided to go there in the first place . Apparently it 's the same for movies .
This -LRB- fingers crossed -RRB- final installment of the stillborn franchise is as bleakly unfunny and tone-deaf as its predecessors . It succeeds in only one thing : making you want to get drunk enough to forget you saw it .
The third time is not the charm in this second sequel , which changes up the franchise formula-and not in a good way .
This odious , mean-spirited movie appropriates the title and the characters from the previous pictures and sends them on a would-be adventure involving gangsters , gold bars and that pinnacle of hilarity , decapitated giraffes .
The people who want to see it will see it , no matter how bad it is ... You have much better ways to waste your time , I 'm sure .
Achingly unfunny .
The laughs are strained .
Be grateful this is the final chapter - it could n't get much worse anyway .
-LSB- A -RSB- despicable piece of garbage .
They 've obviously decided just to put Alan centre-stage and see what happens . Luckily , because the character is genuinely bizarre , and Galifianakis is such a smart actor , it works .
The whole endeavour smacks of franchise desperation .
Not just bad , but weirdly , fascinatingly bad .
`` Hangover III '' is likable enough , even as it collapses in a heap .
Coupled with its logic headaches , it left me feeling like I needed an Alka-Seltzer Plus . Anything to add a little fizzy relief to these flat and unfunny proceedings .
This makes HANGOVER 2 look like HANGOVER 1 .
The third Hangover film provides an epic , worthy finale for the Wolf Pack , with Ken Jeong 's Chow again stealing the show in his inimitable way .
Cooper and especially Helms barely register , their boredom with the franchise bordering on disdain . Cooper repeatedly asks a question that , sans obscenities , translates to `` Who cares ? ''
Disinterest rules the day : Everyone from director Todd Phillips to the cast seems bored , going through the motions in the hope that things wrap up quickly .
If Part 2 was a clone of its predecessor , Part 3 is the genetic trash left over from trying to replicate the success of the first film .
The Hangover 3 scrambles to make sense of itself , lurching between action , sight and situational humour with the grace of a 2 am drunk wolfing down a souvlaki .
The Hangover Part III is an obvious example of how wrong things can go when the almighty dollar is allowed to rule what comes out of Hollywood .
The tonal problem of the second installment , which often resembled a drug-infested pulp thriller instead of a comedy , is also problematic here .
A reasonably funny comedy , better than The Hangover Part II -LRB- not that that 's saying much -RRB- .
It 's like they realized they never should have made a sequel , so for Part III , they did n't even bother to make a Hangover movie at all ...
The script groans with every plot twist and sighs with every joke .
At the screening I attended , not one person laughed .
A sequel every bit as disposable as its predecessor .
Better than the sequel but far short of the first , Part III is ... an adequate finale .
Misses the chance to either match the first film 's lofty levels of humour or make something truly different .
The ads say , ` It all ends . ' Promises , promises .
Masculinity starts with a bang and ends with a whimper , it seems . So does the Hangover franchise .
I will NEVER understand why lopping off the head of a beautiful , innocent animal is funny !
Granted , the Wolfpack guys are engaging and likeable , but they are n't given enough funny stuff , period .
Phillips has found a way to close this chapter of the series
It 's not -LSB- funny -RSB- -- unless you adopt the philosophy of the movie 's most psychopathic character , Mr. Chow , that `` it 's funny '' when `` bad things happen and people get hurt . ''
The Hangover has now officially replaced The Matrix as the cinematic trilogy with the biggest awesome-to-sucky decline .
Three times the enervation ... but Jeong has achieved the performance artist 's dream of using nudity as a weapon and the immigrants ' dream of using pidgin English to put the well-spoken in their place .
The Hangover Part III 's running time feels like a death sentence .
The Wolfpack is neutered .
The pleasant surprise of `` The Hangover Part III '' is a belated bout of adulthood has only made the extended-adolescent characters funnier . The result is a more traditional but more hysterical crowd-pleaser .
It 's certainly a painless sit , but as blow-out trilogy climaxes go , this closer retains all the toe-curling misconduct of a particularly bruising Downton Abbey episode .
Director Todd Phillips delivers a film so different from the first two , I 'm not even sure it 's supposed to be a comedy .
I do n't know that I like The Hangover Part III , exactly , and I 'm not even sure I 'm supposed to ... but I have a lot of respect for how it goes about its business .
Arguably the only cast member with the power to do so , Bradley Cooper should have held out for a better script .
Exists for the producers , the studio , and nobody else . Insulting , amateurish garbage .
Wolf Pack `` threequel '' has tons of danger , crude content .
this latest film seems like an honest effort to finally put a definitive end to a series that 's been the victim of it 's own success . Too bad this definitive end means making a movie that 's so bad absolutely no one will have any desire to see a Part 4 .
A joyless and humorless cash-in that bears little resemblance to the 2009 original except by name .
You chase Ken Jeong around and you crash into stuff with your cars and Zach Galifianakis falls off things . All jokes recycled , lifelessly . Radical .
It totally feels like a hangover . The exhaustion and aimlessness . The jackhammering that seems to be coming from inside your dulled , weakened brain .
Less like a movie and more like a contractual obligation .
So entirely disappointing that it diminishes any fond memories of the original .
Dumps the fill-in-the-blanks structure for straightforward comic action . Unfortunately , the impetus has less to do with a push for novelty than simple franchise fatigue .
The weakest of the three films and should really only appeal to diehard fans of the franchise . The film is billed as `` the end , '' and it 's a relief that this hangover has finally subsided .
The first movie left you with an exhilarating rush . All that Part III leaves is , well , a hangover .
This hair of the dog works . It may not be as good as the first one , but it 's a whole lot better than the second .
Zach Galifianakis is in fine form , but Mr. Chow is better in small doses .
It 's the absolute pits .
... With a broad comedy like this , gut reactions generally rule . You either laugh or you do n't , and `` The Hangover Part III '' simply is n't funny .
Phillips knew enough not to remake the same situation a third time , but this strategy , revealed even more of his limitations . Without a fantastic high concept to hold everything together , he is truly lost .
Painfully unfunny threequel that learns from the mistakes of the previous sequel and tries to do something different , but fails to provide any laughs in the process .
-LSB- A -RSB- general sense of joyless obligation shows on the faces of the characters .
Those looking for hilarity and hijinks with episode three will find the party is indeed over .
You 'll likely rather experience your own induced hangover rather than be subjected to the offerings of this third -LRB- and hopefully final -RRB- outing . -LRB- Complete Content Details for Parents are also available -RRB-
Turning this installment into The Hangover III : The Search for Chow illustrates how starved for ideas the filmmakers are .
Utterly bereft of either comedy or thrills .
The first `` Hangover '' was good dirty fun ; the second was dirtier , and less fun . But the third ? It 's just a chore - and no hair of the dog is going to make it any easier to bear .
I 'm not sure who let the dogs out this time , but they should be made to pay .
I had to wait until halfway through the closing credits for my first , and only , laugh .
There is ... no hangover in The Hangover Part III . And yet a sense of creative dehydration still pervades .
The Hangover Part III gives off such a stench of creative decay that it hardly seems possible that even Phillips or his co-writers have any use for the movie themselves .
`` The Hangover Part III '' is a more proper follow-up to the original than `` Part II , '' and Phillips gives his characters a proper send off .
Better than it probably deserves to be . When so many trilogies start strong and finish with a whimper , `` The Hangover '' movies set the bar very low to begin with , and then lower still , just so the only way to go for the finale would be up .
Leave it , boys . It 's been a blast , but you 're over the limit .
The film was never going to recapture the magic of the first , but at least it 's an improvement on the second .
Hangover 's are quite seedy things , but nothing compared to the grotesque experience of a one note joke trapped in a never ending cycle .
What was once fresh and fun is now just obnoxious and worn out .
In the end ... I felt mostly relief that , for the moment , this series is finished .
Well , it 's not as bad as The Hangover Part 2 so The Hangover Part 3 does have that going for it .
I 'll need a Wolfpack-sized blackout to forget this wretched finale to what had been a great comedy franchise .
The Hangover Part III is not necessarily a great or hugely memorable comedy , but it is certainly a very , very fun one , of a piece with its predecessors while wrapping the series up in clever , satisfying ways .
The downfall of `` Hangover III '' is that nothing that happens is particularly surprising or funny .
Here the characters are cardboard cutouts , placed into predicaments that are n't remotely real . Or funny .
A dull , lazy walkthrough that along with `` The Big Wedding '' has a claim to be the year 's worst star-driven movie .
Rather like a real hangover , Part III leaves behind a sour taste and a nasty feeling like you 've done something you should n't have .
Nothing about this rote exercise feels remotely fresh . It 's a re-tread of the 2009 original , sans the inspired lunacy .
Wait ... what ? It IS a comedy ? But ... but ... there are no laughs !
Proving that lightning does n't always strike twice - let alone three times - the final installment is such a colossal failure that there 's no reason for it to exist at all
At least this time it seems like they 're trying . A little , at least .
Part caper , part coming-of-adulthood story , Hangover III never settles into a debauched groove . As a Sin City romp , it 's too tame .
So , it starts with the decapitation of a live giraffe . And , it goes downhill from there .
It largely lacks that fresh , unexpected wildness of the first film , but as long as that great cast is there to elevate the hit-or-miss script , we 're in decent shape .
As a result , Goodman 's addition is under-utilized and the film relies too heavily on too few of it 's cast . Wait another 6 months to close the book on the Wolfpack when it 's available on Netflix .
This is like a nice acoustic set . It lacks the excitement and inspired bombast of the first , but it 's nice to see these guys back having a good time .
All these guys are funnier when they drink - which they barely do here .
It 's hard to look past the convenient clues - barely more believable than plot points in a Scooby-Doo cartoon - that always spin the lads in the right direction . Then again , this is a cartoon .
The film delivers scant few laugh-out-loud moments , but it 's never boring .
The franchise is sent off in style , a reminder of why we once loved it .
It seems to have one goal : to be so dark , nasty and joyless that audiences wo n't want Part IV .
Time to Wolfpack it in .
Stale . Rated `` R '' for what ? Does n't just end the franchise , Part lll murders it . I laughed once .
Young viewers looking for unbridled raunch will be sadly disappointed , and so will other moviegoers expecting more than a few wan chuckles .
Phillips has lost all of the sharp humor , keen sense of debauchery and still plain fun that marked the original .
The good news is that `` The Hangover Part III '' is n't a rerun like the second episode . The bad news is everything else .
To quote a line from the movie , bad things happen and people get hurt .
The trio 's kettle-on-fire of simmering exasperation boils over often and uproariously . Anyone whose best pals drive them crazy -LRB- most of us , I 'm guessing -RRB- will identify .
... while not following the same playbook of the first two , -LSB- Part III -RSB- is an equally lazy , unfunny slog that fails to even indulge in the raunchy excesses these guys are known for .
The Hangover giveth and The Hangover taketh away .
The Hangover now bests the Iron Man franchise by a half-star -LRB- 8-7.5 total -RRB- in my book . So there 's that .
It 's not terrible . It 's just bad .
It dares to alienate the very audience that made `` The Hangover '' the highest-grossing R-rated comedy of all time because , well , it is n't exactly a comedy .
This is an ugly , angry picture .
The Hangover : Part III provides a fitting end to this saga . It 's still dominated by these memorable characters -LRB- cheers -RRB- and it 's not the same as the second film -LRB- cheers again -RRB- .
Part Three is far from the glory of the first , but a reprieve from the second .
A game of ` decency chicken ' has developed between the director and his audience , and much like the poor chicken that is literally smothered to death in the movie itself , the game is taken to its extremes in this franchise-ender .
Breaking the mould is usually a brave and admirable cinematic act , but when it crashes the party here , it proves to be the ultimate big screen buzz-kill .
This final instalment ... refuses to try for the giggly rhythm of the first film , preferring a solid examination of the endearing themes of friendship , individuality and eccentricity .
The Hangover Part III gets points for changing the franchise formula , as well as for giving the lovably weird Galifianakis the spotlight .
Slow , sentimental and sedated
Bad scripting , bad plotting , terrible joke formulation , and not a single character actually having a hangover until part-way through the end credits . What kind of a Hangover movie is this ?
Phillips is zero percent interested in exploring the narcissism of his characters , as long as they arrive back exactly at the point of departure .
` Part III ' has curiously little interest in being even remotely funny .
Less abrasive than Part II , but lacking any of Part I 's freshness , this is the most lacklustre return-to-Vegas , trilogy-closing caper since Ocean 's Thirteen .
Brings Todd Phillips ' R-rated guys-night-out trilogy to an oddly subdued , sometimes downright dark conclusion .
Neither as good as it wants to be or as bad as I had feared , The Hangover Part III is a crazy-paving of a movie , as you 'd expect
Sadly the Hangover is well and truly over . Sadly , because it could have been so much fun - like the first film
So as we bid farewell to Phil , Stu and Alan once and for all , it 's just not quite the riotous comedy you had hoped it would be .
Ditching the hangovers , the backward structure , the fleshed-out characters and any sense of debauchery or fun , this installment instead just thrusts its long-suffering protagonists into a rote chase narrative ...
... while it may not recapture the exact same giddy thrill as the first film , this film manages to clarify what the overall story of the trilogy is in a way that I found satisfying and quite fitting .
Tonally a complete departure from the rest of the series , which is at once laudably brave and disappointingly unfunny .

@highlight

Less a comedy than an angrily dark action thriller , The Hangover Part III diverges from the series ' rote formula but offers nothing compelling in its place .