Many scenes are similar to the 1976 original but this update feels far more like a Mean Girls high school flick , which is actually a good thing .
It 's good , gripping stuff : Moore is excellent as the pale and bedraggled cult escapee , and the storyline actually makes sense this time , with the help of some technology-assisted slut-shaming .
Although it can not top Brian de Palma 's 1976 movie , this retelling does allow more empathy for Carrie ; she is not evil just for the heck of it . It 's a case of the underdog suddenly becoming an overlord .
... a big upgrade from the 1976 original , directed by Brian De Palma .
Optimistically speaking , Carrie could have been worse . But the depressing truth is that it could have been so much better .
The performances and casting are suitable , but Carrie is half the film I 'd hope Peirce would make of it .
It 's a small miracle that the picture does n't lean too heavily on one particular topic du jour - bullying - and a major miracle that it 's a respectable film , to boot .
What the new Carrie lacks in original ideas , it makes up for in many other departments .
Sensitively directed and powerfully acted , the new version passes muster as a different take .
A tired , unneeded copy of Brian De Palma 's far superior work , with the small changes it makes adding nothing of significance .
By taking a safe , piecemeal approach -- and treating the original a sacred text rather than completely reinventing it -- the result at times seems weirdly anachronistic .
Perhaps the biggest flaw in this remake has to do with the ethereal beauty of its leading lady .
A wan retelling which pales in practically every department when compared to the '76 model .
Peirce 's imagery is pungent : the mark of Carrie 's bloody palm print on the eggshell blue of her gym teacher 's skirt ; a slow-motion whirling sateen dervish of a student and her gown in flames .
Not only does n't Carrie add anything particularly new to the mix , it fails to stand on its own feet and cohere its somewhat disparate components .
For all its positives , unfortunately , when the inevitable comparisons to both King , and Brian De Palma 's 1976 version arise , Carrie does fall short .
Repeats the past with less thrilling but more profound results .
It 's all just a series of scenes taking from DePalma 's playbook , and going through the motions .
Peirce wants to make a hit , and , even with source material this strange , it feels as though she has . But if so , that 's all she has made .
Feels like someone copied a schoolmate 's work and added a lot of their own occasionally enlightening but largely unnecessary scribbles .
This classic worm-turns tale rights a few of the original 's wrongs and offers a sad and scary performance by Moretz , although she 's almost upstaged by Moore , whose misogynist Bible-bashing is more extreme than Piper Laurie 's in the original .
This is a sturdy tale that deserves to find a new audience . It 's just a shame they wo n't find anything new in the process .
The new Carrie is cowardly and artistically empty . If you avoid one movie this year , make it this one .
It might be remade almost shot-for-shot , but times have changed since the ` 70s , and I personally think Peirce 's clear agenda for updating its dominant themes is a welcome one .
This cyber-age version did n't raise a single hair on the back of my neck .
Begs that age-old remake-of-a-classic question of why even bother , even if the very capable actors do the best that they possibly can .
You would have trouble arguing for any significant shift in perspective .
It looks uncannily at home in 2013 .
This remake of the classic 1976 horror film ca n't match the original , but this is still a great Stephen King story about hormonal confusion and religious fervour .
It 's perfectly watchable , but I 've been more scared at a vicarage tea party .
The special effects may have moved on over the past 40 years but virtually every other aspect of the film is inferior to its predecessor .
Effective teen horror with bags of character - think Mean Girls with buckets of blood , only maybe not quite as much of a masterpiece as that would suggest .
This glossy modern horror refit is a pale shadow of Brian De Palma 's seminal 1976 film .
The basic tune is recognisable , but it 's played all wrong .
An engaging and worthwhile new take on De Palma 's blood-soaked classic .
The best thing about this worthwhile update of Brian De Palma 's classic 1976 film adaptation of Stephen King 's first published novel is the way it dials up the hot-button theme of bullying ... And the worst thing ? The film totally pikes out at the end .
Moretz replicates Laurie 's pixie-featured Medusa gaze while Moore does the Spacek flayed-skull look .
What the movie loses in kicky sensationalism , it sometimes gains in psychological nuance .
The result is efficient , but only tentatively updated to the digital age of cyberbullying and social media , and it is strangely pointless .
A watchable , if largely forgettable remake that too often feels like a missed opportunity - the performances , direction and effects are all decent enough , but it lacks the visceral impact of the 1976 film .
I 'm struck by the perversity of a story four decades old about religious misogyny and basic feminism and the perniciousness of bullying that still feels fresh and relevant ...
Chloe Moretz is unnervingly talented , but Carrie is not a role she was born to play . She has n't a victim 's bone in her body and fluffs the early scenes .
A remake that does n't see the legacy of Carrie White burn in hell . But not one that adds much to it either .
One of the more solid '70s horror remakes , but it lacks the verve and potency , romance and heartache of the original . Still , the haircuts are a vast improvement ...
The good news is that you ca n't go too far wrong by copying a proven formula and for a new generation of moviegoers , it will be something different .
I never thought I 'd say this about a high school massacre movie , but Kimberly Peirce 's remake of Brian De Palma 's Carrie has way too many survivors .
Strictly by the numbers , almost absurdly faithfully , without any directorial flair , texture or point of view ... Just another remake , not as good as the original adaptation , and , therefore , ultimately ... pointless .
... a passable adaptation that fares about as well as one might 've anticipated/hoped ...
It hits -LSB- the Brian De Palma version 's -RSB- every beat , but director Kimberly Peirce ... is n't mad about cinema -LRB- and cinema history -RRB- like De Palma .
What makes it execrable is the way it drains the original movie of all its erotic tension , only to ramp up the final-act violence .
Kimberly Peirce 's update on Stephen King 's Carrie slavishly follows the path taken by Brian De Palma 's 1976 film and fails to make any real impact .
Peirce 's feel for the material goes the Brian De Palma version one better .
We love watching the vengeance just as much as Carrie relishes in delivering it .
There are many ways to be the `` weird girl , '' and Moretz 's preternatural self-possession is the diametrical opposite of Carrie 's flailing awkwardness .
The recipe in today 's reimagining of Carrie calls for the same servings of thrills and shrills , making the new film a serviceable approach to the King classic ...
That a remake of Carrie should turn out to be a pathetic retread of the same emotions , step-by-step , executed with far less skill and visceral punch is probably to be expected .
It 's time to stop remaking Carrie .
New `` Carrie '' Stands on its Own
A purposeful revamp of Stephen King 's prescient novel , updated for an era of cyberbullying , home schooling , high-school mass murder and America 's so-called culture wars -LRB- De Palma referenced Norman Bates , the new movie name-drops Tim Tebow -RRB- .
ends with what has to be the cheesiest , most inexplicably silly image of any film this year , a desperate stab at giving this retread a memorable exit that only confirms how utterly unnecessary and inferior a remake it is
A proportional response ? You must not remember high school very well . Frankly , more proms should end that way .
The new `` Carrie '' begs the question : why ?
Carrie has proved itself to be a remarkably resilient tale that 's not likely to be plugged up anytime soon .
Bloody horror remake focuses heavily on bullying , revenge .
... this ` Carrie ' is , like the character herself , too shy and unsure , and it ends up feeling like a missed opportunity more than anything else .
A poor rehash of the Stephen King story . Moretz is no match for the memory of Spacek 's performance .
I was expecting passive mediocrity . Instead , I got something actively bad .
There 's nothing really wrong with this iteration of Carrie , it 's just that most everything that 's right ca n't be attributed to the production itself .
It is a timeless thing for all of us , the ritual of high-school expectation and heartache . Once again , as it did nearly 40 years ago , Carrie turns it into an experience of biblical proportions .
Chloë Grace Moretz is a wonderful Carrie , but not even her strong performance could save this failing reboot .
It 's a nearly exact copy of the original film that makes so few changes to the story that you have to wonder why they did n't just use the original screenplay and do a shot-for-shot remake along the lines of Gus Van Sant 's pointless `` Psycho '' replica .
The movie is very good , both as a first-order viewing experience and as a contemporary gloss on Brian De Palma 's classic 1976 adaptation of Stephen King 's novel .
... almost a textbook case study in the pitfalls of remakes .
Rather than fixing some of the problems with De Palma 's approach and trying something fresh , Peirce compounds them .
Updated remake misses the mark
In the age of social media and cyber-bullying , ` Carrie ' feels more timely than it did in the '70s ... Unlike the anemic , waif-like Spacek , Moretz is empowered by her witch-y telekinetic powers .
... hones its dramatic elements to emotional effect rather than fall back on a slasher film template ... Moretz brings her A-game ...
The update reimagining is entertaining enough , but finds nothing new to say .
Neither bold enough to strike its own path nor powerful enough to match the first film
By the time the pig 's blood has splattered -LRB- three times -RRB- and Carrie has wreaked her awkward destruction -LRB- sprinklers set off before the fire ? -RRB- you 'll be convinced that the new Carrie is average at best .
Schlockier than a Rolox watch , this Carrie will have panphobes howling with laughter .
A run-of-the-mill , average movie .
more interested in CG spectacle than diving deeper into Carrie 's complicated psyche .
It 's lifeless , dull , sanded-down and expected , another unsurprising , irrelevant product for the movie-watching market to regard with curiosity and , eventually , deirision after it vacuums up all that opening weekend teen-cash .
Anyone who thinks Carrie is just another horror remake will be in for a rude awakening . Or , should I say , a pleasant surprise ?
Like the Evil Dead remake , this film is respectful to the original and offers something a bit different as well .
An updated gory , gruesome blood bath that 's far too evocative of today 's grisly , real-life violence .
A bloody , compelling teen horror flick that , remake or not , outclasses plenty of its peers .
The only thing the new Carrie inspires is a good bit of yawning .
The Pictionary version of Carrie : instantly recognizable , but lacking in flourish .
Where Sissy Spacek 's Carrie was a frightened fawn ... Moretz 's is a whipped dog , beaten but not completely whipped . When she finally bites back , it 's in an almost ecstatic rage that 's both disturbingly sensual and genuinely frightening
By the time Carrie 's famous blood-splattering climax strangely twists and turns toward a final curtain , there even might be room for a sequel . But I doubt it .
This interpretation does a nice job exploring the moral complexity of King 's revenge premise ... at least until Carrie is required by the plot to unleash hell .
It 's all very true to the book , but we 've had the straightforward adaptation of Carrie already ; if you really are going to go back over old ground , at least go by a different route .
Peirce is gifted , but she lacks the ability of directors like DePalma to transform schlock into something deeply personal .
The new Carrie is n't atrocious - just flat and uninspired and compromised by the kind of mindless teen-movie `` humanism '' that De Palma so punkishly spat on .
It 's a competent retelling that wo n't set the world on fire . The high school gym is another matter .
While it 's tempting to be cynical about a remake of a film that gave the much maligned horror genre a rare moment of real prestige , dare to judge Peirce 's version on its own merits and you might just be frightened at how well it measures up .
Peirce 's Carrie is not as accomplished but still feels more substantial than most contemporary teen horror films . It 's well-acted , insidiously creepy and sufficiently bloody , if you 're into that .
Given -LSB- Peirce 's -RSB- penchant for bullied characters and her overall female perspective , this pairing makes startling sense .
The story of Carrie innately works , so it 's not that this movie needed to change what happens - it just feels too dependent on telling it in the exact way De Palma did .
While it might not have been necessary , the Carrie remake is still an adept , entertaining , and at times downright haunting , piece of filmmaking .
Comparisons to the 1976 original are inevitable . Carrie is a first-rate horror movie . Period . And that goes for 1976 and 2013 .
Kimberly Peirce 's Carrie succeeds because of young Chloë Grace Moretz and her immensely talented character creation , bringing her own unique spark of life to Carrie White .
Carrie understands the natural desire of an audience to want to see revenge acted out on bullies , and is content to be what is essentially a superhero origin story .
For the most part , this is a solid adaptation of -LSB- Stephen -RSB- King 's work that honors the source material .
There 's a lot to like in this remake . It 's sincerely interested in exploring the pain that its characters suffer and inflict .
Moore is terrifying as a guilt-addled true believer , and Moretz caresses her role when she gets the chance . And the hot topics do indeed remain hot .
Right now -LSB- Moretz -RSB- does n't have Spacek 's extensive emotional vocabulary , and since all the movie 's psychology and emotion are funneled through her character , the movie often feels flat .
Nothing but a fancy bit of corporate Hollywood graverobbing - slipping into the copyright cemetery , digging up a generous loved one , and calmly stripping her of every bit of gold and silver they can pawn .
This is pretty much the same film as before . That 's not necessarily a bad thing as the story still works and certainly remains relevant . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
` Carrie ' is not a particularly terrible remake , but it does expose the flaws of the source material as opposed to rising above them the way the original did .
There 's definitely something in the pig 's blood of Stephen King 's tale of bullying , religious fanaticism , telekinesis and menstruation .
While this updated remake may bring in a new audience , it offers little surprises , little effect , and pales in comparison to the original .
Just another rehash , both slavishly devoted to DePalma 's original , and lacking any of that film 's style . Watch the older movie or read the book instead .
There is no ` good ' reason to revisit the story , except for the most important one : It 's a really damn fine story .
Kimberly Peirce 's new adaptation of the classic Stephen King novel is a grave but listless thriller .
People who have n't seen the original will love it , and people who have seen the original should at least like it .
Updated , but with much of the scary stripped out
As Carrie proves , remakes can be truly awful , not because they 're unoriginal , or even lack proficiency , but because they offer nothing new to a story that audiences are deeply familiar with .
There is nothing especially timely , revealing , or surprising in this remake .
Its bloodshed may be all dressed up , but it ultimately has nowhere to go .
Kimberly Peirce 's remake of Brian De Palma 's Carrie is n't a total fiasco like Gus Van Sant 's remake of Alfred Hitchcock 's Psycho , but it 's equally gratuitous .
As for Carrie virgins , they get both an entertaining and socially relevant take on the King classic .
While it will never achieve the classic status of De Palma 's take on King 's first novel , it offers a serious , respectable alternative .
With nothing new to offer , `` Carrie '' is reduced to attempting the impossible : repeating De Palma 's long , tense buildup to Carrie 's prom , one of the most stylishly executed horror-film sequences in history .
Literally a pallid imitation of the original .
She blows stuff up real good , in a way that would make the devil - or Bruce Willis - proud .
What 's scariest about Carrie in 2013 is n't that this wounded teenage girl has the power to kill -- it 's that there are thousands of girls like her with no power at all .
There does n't seem to be a pronounced rationale , beyond commercial reward , for this relatively undistinguished remake .
The results are distressingly anemic , pig blood and all .
Carrie feels timid in today 's climate .
It makes for a daunting proposition for forward-thinking director Kimberly Peirce to update such a classic , but not only is her version one of the few truly successful horror remakes in recent years , it 's simply better than the original .
A well-made , highly satisfying and not particularly deep high school revenge movie .
The DePalma is about Sue and Kris , the Peirce is about Carrie herself -- and therein lies all the difference .
Boring , gross and not at all scary .
If you 're going to take another stab at this tale of a taunted , traumatized teen who exacts fiery revenge on , well , everyone , then Kimberly Peirce is the director to do it .
Ms. Peirce plays up the story 's religious themes and Carrie 's burgeoning power as she discovers her telekinetic gifts , even as the dread of the female body that deepens Mr. De Palma 's version somehow goes missing .
Playing it safe to appeal to a generation that has n't been exposed to this tale of telekinetic woe , the new Carrie is much like the old Carrie , only now the mayhem is more hard drive-based than wonderfully , inventively practical .
It 's like going to prom with somebody you like , not somebody you love .
Rather than offering new blood , Carrie is a purely cosmetic revamp .
Peirce might have made a fantastic horror movie about horrible teenage girls , but she and the actors alike are trapped within a framework that nobody seems brave enough to break out of .
`` Carrie '' should have delivered more with the material in the filmmaker 's feminist hands .
Man , what a disappointment .
People always wonder why classics are remade , but ... The real question is how filmmaker Peirce , who exhibited such a gift for conveying the tragedy of a teenaged outcast in her first film , could have bungled it so badly here .
Recent events - the Columbine massacre and the news , just this week , that a young Florida girl killed herself after being taunted by bullies who allegedly boasted about it online - have added resonance to the source material .
A work of smooth confidence and a humane , dimensionally human brand of horror .
The new movie wo n't overshadow the superior original , but that was never the point . On its own merit , `` Carrie '' is a bloody good time .
Buying that this girl would have trouble making friends , or snagging a genuine date to the dance , is even harder than pretending that a pair of glasses makes Rachael Leigh Cook look undesirable .
More effective and less overblown than many unnecessary horror remakes , but it ca n't compare with the original .
Touches of wit and insight enliven the first half , but Carrie eventually devolves into lackluster modern horror cliches for a souped-up version of the famous finale .
In focusing on predominately kid-gloves portrayals of her teen players , Kimberly Peirce never properly addresses the machinery behind their doom , which is why the film is relentlessly lifeless when it 's not literally ripping off De Palma shot-for-shot .
`` Carrie may go out in a blaze of glory , but Kimberly Peirce 's film barely raises enough heat to make it worth pulling the alarm . ''
It does n't do anything strikingly wrong ; it 's just unnecessary .
Slight , unessential but still effective ...
The original `` Carrie '' still holds up . Rent it instead .
-LSB- T -RSB- he most unnecessary remake since Gus van Sant 's peculiar shot-for-shot remake of Psycho ...
What 's the point ?
Peirce 's film works for a considerable stretch as a derivative but impressively coherent vision .
Carrie does just enough new to excuse iTs existence as a remake , but it never truly gets its own ball rolling .
If you 're not automatically attuned to smash remakes for their very existence , Peirce 's update works on its own terms , and can serve as a modern update of a timeless tale with great performances .
Carrie travels a predictable , distressingly straight line ... hitting all the expected notes along the way diligently , but with little inspiration .
Peirce gives us a respectable Carrie remake , but it lacks the power and excessive stylistic trimmings of the 1976 original that put DePalma on the cinematic map as the heir apparent to Alfred Hitchcock .
For all its cheesy '70s vibe , De Palma 's movie far better captured the primal , almost `` Lord of the Flies '' nature of the high school experience , the sheer terror of being a social outcast . That 's what really gave the `` Carrie '' myth such staying power ...
It speaks well to the talents of Peirce and her cast that , in this `` Carrie , '' you find yourself caught up in the story once more .
Misfire . Moretz is wrong for the part , and Moore seems frozen in Piper Laurie 's long shadow .
Not just the best horror in ages but a remarkably astute teen drama .
A coming-of-age morality play , a vividly textural horror film , and a disquieting cautionary tale in the form of a supernatural thriller , `` Carrie '' has much to impress and debate .

@highlight

It boasts a talented cast , but Kimberly Peirce 's `` reimagining '' of Brian De Palma 's horror classic finds little new in the Stephen King novel -- and feels woefully unnecessary .