Claude Chabrol is a trespasser , one who has ventured into an uncharted place where the droll is almost totally sublimated into the sinister , and it is nearly impossible to tell when his films are joking or when they are cutting .
Another patented Chabrol commentary , not a morality play but something far more worldly and difficult to ignore .
Chabrol 's astute dissection of sex , class and show business . Bravo , Claude , a rare man in profound touch with the darker impulses of his species .
It 's not fresh material , but in the hands of a master like Chabrol it appears like a fresh breeze .
Talk is everything , with action hinted at the edges , as Chabrol 's camera sidles off to look at a casually thrown book , or skates away from anything salacious .
Though the performances are all first-rate , the film is let down by weak characterisation . Still , it 's enjoyable , if not exceptional .
This description may make this movie sound much more interesting than it is .
One 's final impression is that aging legends make unreliable puppet-masters . And that it 's all too easy for a desirable young actress to be left dangling in mid-air .
The relationships are never completely convincing and there are too many unresolved questions to create an entirely satisfying tale .
This is one of Chabrol 's most elegant , acerbic and heartfelt entertainments in years .
Too cold and cynical to be truly enjoyed but the old dog still has a few new tricks up his sleeve .
The performances drip with cliché , while the narrative is all over the place : plot developments are either clumsily telegraphed or given the flimsiest of dramatic explanation .
With elegance and despatch , veteran new wave master Claude Chabrol has brought off his most enjoyable film for some time .
Chabrol may be one of the great survivors of the New Wave , but this is an old man 's film .
Patronising , unsexy , and heavy with the musty smell of a director past his sell-by-date , you 're advised to cut this off at the ankles .
An elegant , darkly amusing effort that relishes taking digs at the middle-classes while leaving its characters ' supposedly perverse acts firmly to our imaginations .
Most people wo n't care enough about these people or believe in their relationships to sit out all 115 minutes of this icily mannered film that continually hints at darker , more subversive themes of sado-masochism than it dares to explore .
Heavy-handed French drama is a clumsy affair .
By the time the story springs to life and becomes the thriller , of sorts , that it seems set up to be , we have had to sit through 90-odd minutes of turgid melodrama .
One keeps hoping that some of that sinister Chabrolian wit will enliven the film 's smooth surface , but alas , it never does .
A pitch-black fusion of dark comedy , icy melodrama and satirical sideswipes at the class system , held together with an absorbing lead performance .
Enjoyably dark , superbly acted French drama that proves veteran director Claude Chabrol has n't lost his touch .
Claude Chabrol 's capacity to make shopworn material seem almost new is especially evident in this 2007 drama .
A Girl Cut in Two is Hitchcock sans the whodunit , essentially a long preamble of seduction and spiritual ruin , capped by a crime everyone saw coming -LRB- and an eye-dazzling coda that twists the title from metaphor to ... something else -RRB- .
It 's billed as a ` Hitchcockian thriller , ' but frankly I see nothing either Hitchcockian nor thrilling this same-old Gallic tale ...
A Girl Cut in Two '' is fatally self-serious and plodding , a rare misfire from a filmmaker as usually reliable about this stuff as Chabrol .
Chabrol does his best work in the thriller genre , but he seems colder and frankly humorless when he works with real-life stories -LSB- as he does here -RSB- .
There are some good performances . And it 's definitely nothing like what we 've come to expect from Claude Chabrol , a filmmaker who 's been called the French Alfred Hitchcock .
Chabrol keeps such rigid formal control of the material that it feels more momentous than such a tawdry tale has any right to .
It 's cynical business as usual for Claude Chabrol , who offers plentiful style and psychological finesse , if few surprises , in his latest jaundiced and sophisticated entertainment .
While not a classic , this is a pleasantly disturbing , nominally voyeuristic romp in the territory Chabrol knows best .
In the end , we care little about any of the primary characters or what happens to them .
The result is a film too cold for melodrama and too restrained for tragedy .
... hopelessly stale ...
Spectacularly assured , A Girl Cut in Two keeps you off-balance as it establishes a world where every conversation is a flirtation , and trouble and heartbreak sneak in on little cat feet when no one 's looking .
While the movie 's main concern -- skewering bourgeois hypocrisy -- is not particularly fresh or innovative , Chabrol 's craft is so precise , his way with actors and the camera so sure-handed , even this ordinary story is often immensely enjoyable .
At age 78 , director Claude Chabrol is more than capable of giving us a completely realized world .
While not one of the director 's best works , it 's a classy , sophisticated entertainment with a typically rich subtext .
More than a century later , this is still a juicy story , and the actors do n't back away from its more hysterical flourishes .
... The film 's pleasures come from the wit with which Chabrol assembles it as each scene glides sedately into the next one .
Under the cool tone is a devastating portrait of an unapologetically sexual woman treated more as an object than a person .
Chabrol is a past master at visual storytelling and a stiletto wit .
Chabrol 's fluid camera and less-is-more storytelling is thrillingly Hitchcockian , and his lack of judgment regarding the sexuality of his characters is refreshingly French .
A fine character study with some exceptional performances ... but there 's no getting around the fact that it 's a saggy affair in places .
Although a minor work by Chabrol , it would be a major work by most directors , and one that 's still fascinating even in its flaws .
A cool study of erotic longing , misguided love and class warfare in the civilized spheres of French society , Claude Chabrol 's A Girl Cut in Two , despite its high melodrama and wicked humor , delivers a real emotional wallop .
... a deeply cynical film that makes no pretense about the status of women in society .
Along the way , a powerful spectacle unfolds with serious class and feminist implications .
Notice how nimbly Chabrol glides through his establishing scenes , and how adroitly he introduces other characters .
Claude Chabrol shows he still has it as Ludivine Sangier shines as the girl in the middle aided by sparkling performances by Benoit Magimel and Francois Berleand .
Gabrielle is more than a girl cut in two by this ambience , she 's pulled every which way , a situation that the director investigates with the subtlety and complexity only a lifetime behind the camera can provide .
Chabrol has always been more interested in sensibility than sense , in discourse on fashion and form than in the narrative possibilities of function , and on the rich hypocrisies of the wealthy .
Sex , murder , insanity , perversity -- A Girl Cut in Two has it all , yet it stands as a singularly classy and sophisticated drama .
It 's a very long way to go for a punch line , but Claude Chabrol fearlessly meanders along for the two hours it takes him to get there
This is one of Mr. Chabrol 's strangest films , but he still makes a ripple in his ocean .
As is nearly always the case with Chabrol , a special pleasure pervades the picture .
In A Girl Cut in Two , Sagnier is yummy as a local TV weathergirl caught between a womanizing older novelist -LRB- François Berléand -RRB- and a nouveau riche playboy -LRB- Magimel -RRB- used to getting his own way .
Never more than semi-plausible .
Bordering on the surreal , Chabrol 's latest film investigates conflicting desires in a woman in love . The old meets the new and the quandary remains unresolved .
A Girl Cut in Two is a rich , textured divertissement from Claude Chabrol , a sinister master of the art .
Chabrol was never as groundbreaking formally as his peers , but usually his films can be counted on for a craftsmen-like level of polish . Here , though , even that falters .
Veteran filmmaker Claude Chabrol 's icy tale of love , lust and self-delusion is an elegant exercise in corrosive psychological suspense .
Chabrol has made a career out of savage class warfare , and A Girl Cut In Two fires off another bitter salvo .
Chabrol is approaching the big 8-0 , yet he continues to do quality work , as shown by A Girl Cut in Two .
All of the characters are walking contradictions , each pulling and pushing away the viewer . Part of the film 's tension derives from what the audience clearly sees and what Gabrielle does n't .
a tasty cocktail of romance and jealousy
The pacing has a tendency to downshift from deliberate to meandering at crucial moments , and though the trio of actors is on pointâ `` especially Magimel , a master at smug menace -- Chabrolâ -LRB- TM -RRB- s digs feel frustratingly halfhearted .
The film 's cerebral affectations unravel because neither one is ultimately able to carry the film 's disjointed plot .
A Girl Cut in Two is a spry piece of work . Chabrol uses this sinister clown show as a means to puncture the media world 's hot-air balloons -- as well as to highlight the hypocrisies of his favorite target , the haute bourgeoisie .
An ill-fated love triangle with a surprising twist and a chilling message for shameless gold-diggers and suave Casanovas alike .
Girl Cut in Two is less interested in forensics than in the perplexities of violent acts , those that happen behind closed doors , inspired by the insanity of desire .
One of those Chabrol productions perched awkwardly between thriller and comedy .
Snappy timing , focused writing and pitch-perfect acting .
This latest skewering of the privileged , tragically flawed and selfishly driven makes it clear that there is no other filmmaker to better tell The Eliot Spitzer Story .
A cynically effective look at the suffocating lives endured by some of the rich and famous .
An exploration by French director Claude Chabrol of the illusions of love in the magical worlds of publishing , the media and old money .
Still , watching a Claude Chabrol film is watching a master at work and this is an example of such .
The film intrigues throughout , although suffers from an opaque performance from Sagnier and a capper of such literal symbolism it blunts what came before it .
Claude Chabrol 's newest foray into darkness and bad behavior emerges as less of a murder or suspense story and more of a black comedy .
Chabrol 's familiar critique of the bourgeoisie is dispiritingly lethargic and simple .
Masterfully focuses a keen eye on the misogynistic convergence of entrenched private emotional exploitation of women , and their objectification in public entertainment . Bravo , Claude , a rare man in profound touch with the darker impulses of his species .






@highlight

Nouvelle Vague master Claude Chabrol balances subtle stabs of humor and biting class criticism to explore a love story and the seedier side of the haute bourgeois .