The entire last half hour is just incredibly disingenuous .
The pace is quick , the violence is rough , and the visual style is documentary as Padilha hammers home his point : Someone is forever in the pocket of someone else as The System constantly adapts to protect itself .
When this Enemy Within settles into key action sequences , such as a stunning nighttime ambush or a daytime battle against Fabio , it becomes wildly entertaining .
Padilha 's film offers no easy answers , but the title is a tip off as to where at least his sympathies lie .
Throttles forward with remarkable aplomb and easily leaves the original in the dust .
A film that grabs you by the shirtfront and rarely lets up its grip .
The Enemy Within , it 's not just the cops and robbers who are corrupt and greedy and barbarous , but also politicians and media representatives . The `` system '' is everywhere .
Even if it 's not as smart as it supposes itself to be , -LSB- the film -RSB- is still smart enough to be more than a decent way to waste time .
An epic crime drama from Rio de Janeiro with a thrilling pace and an over-the-top body count .
Elite Squad is just urgent and complex enough to make it clear violence is more than a matter for academic debate .
A fast-paced , hard-hitting Brazilian police thriller .
Jammed with cliches but completely engrossing .
Here 's a Brazilian thriller that 's so angry and specifically political , it 's hard to believe they got away with making it .
There is a deep sense of indignation at the core of The Enemy Within , a righteous fury that pelts every cog of `` the system '' like machine-gun fire .
It resembles a flow chart splattered with blood and spittle , more static and smeary in tone than the finger-pointing corrective director-cowriter Jose Padilha intended .
Hard-hitting Brazilian thriller about police corruption , politics and crime colliding in Rio 's favelas and corridors of power and law enforcement is as intelligent as it is entertaining .
No wonder Padilha 's been tapped to helm a Hollywood reboot of `` RoboCop . ''
Padilha 's style is so urgent and immediate that you almost feel like you 're in the midst of an especially advanced video game .
The carnage , although explicit and frequent , is not grotesquely overdone .
Moving to its own throbbing beat , Elite Squad : The Enemy Within offers an exhilaratingly bleak vision of what it describes as `` an articulation of loathsome interests , '' in which the well-meaning suffer ...
Keeps the snazzy combination of spectacle and polemics in check .
Our hero 's prominence sets up a stellar conclusion that retroactively questions both the first movie and its substantial audience .
Its conviction makes it tough to dismiss .
`` Elite Squad : The Enemy Within '' is a vast improvement over the franchise 's first installment because it puts more emphasis on the emotional cost of political , economic , and military corruption .
It 's Wagner Moura 's spotless embodiment of the principled Brazilian man for whom aggression and being coincide that renders the film such an immersive experience .
Exquisitely photographed gunplay barely makes up for a confusing plot .
A cry of frustration full of twists and turns , it certainly excites , but the way in which it sees Brazil 's problems as both chronic and incredibly straightforward feels like a bit of a cop out .
Has a much surer grip of what it wants to say and has lost some of the troubling fascistic overtones of its predecessor .
It 's a complicated story told in a single extended flashback with brilliantly staged set pieces and offering an appalling picture of the city that is to host the 2014 Fifa World Cup and the 2016 Olympic Games .
Its characters and conclusions both haunt .
If it lacks the freshness of Elite Squad and the brilliance of the documentary Bus 174 , it 's still tensely made and full of fury at the politicians .
Strikingly shot and savage in its violence this is a white-knuckle ride through the most dangerous corners of the Brazilian city .
Padhila 's cop thriller goes in with all guns blazing . This , the film suggests , is the only language these scum-bums understand .
It 's a massive improvement on the first film - bracing and tightly wound , in charge of its style , and fuelled by an indignation that makes the blood boil .
The plot is worked out , at times , with a complexity worthy of The Godfather and characters as memorable .
Partly compensates for its shortcomings by adopting a deeper , more analytical approach to its portrayal of endemic police and political corruption .
Padilha delivers a bruising right and left of polemic and action .
A thumping modern policier with a social-conscience edge .
A marked improvement on the first film , it 's easy to see why this was such a smash in Brazil . Breathless , brutal and thrilling , it 's a gut punch of an action movie .
Part political thriller , part pummelling polemic .
Embora continuação de uma produção de sucesso , o filme tem aspirações muito mais nobres do que apenas arrancar mais alguns trocados do público .


@highlight

Elite Squad : The Enemy Within is a bleak , violent descent into the Brazilian underbelly , ripping into the favelas with unstoppable and kinetic force .