Now that the dust is settling from the Bejiing Olympics , here 's a chance to -LSB- experience -RSB- a very different kind of Chinese spectacle .
It 's beautiful and ordinary , strange and utterly familiar all at the same time -- a wonderful film .
The arid landscape , seen with a patriotic affection , is a stirring sight . More wonderful , though , is the story : unusual , understated , and sincere .
An authentic Mongolian romantic comedy , perhaps the first .
Nan Yu 's work as the titular character and Sen ` ge 's performance as her nemesis/potential partner carry the film through some of the narrative rough patches
Inspired to capture the ebbing traditions of his mother 's Mongolian heritage , director pays touching tribute to a strong woman who finally has no choice but to cry .
This 2006 drama is refreshing not only for its gentle comic touches but for director Wang Quanan 's refusal to sentimentalize China 's vanishing nomadic culture : life is harsh and no one 's a saint , including his outspoken heroine .
A hugely entertaining movie -- surprisingly contemporary , always incisive and often very funny . And heartbreaking .
Made with a scrupulous attention to the slow-moving realities of grasslands life but lacking in dramatic heft .
A lovely and sad film .
The film works on a very human level ... because Wang neither romanticizes the Mongolian peasants nor overemphasizes the difficulties they face .
-LSB- Yu Nan -RSB- owns the role of Tuya , delivering a wide-ranging performance that might be called ` star-making ' if she did n't already suggest the confidence of an established star .
Tuya is majestically played by Beijing actress Yu Nan .
Director Wang Quan ` an shows us a China of contrasts and in transition , where a life of traditional farming is harder than ever to sustain while life in the nearest city includes nice hotels , decent health care and good schools .
For those who are still reeling from the forced exuberance of Mamma Mia ! but have room for one more film about a woman with multiple suitors , may I recommend Tuya 's Marriage ?
A strong addition to the burgeoning canon of China 's so-called Sixth Generation filmmakers .
Thanks to the film 's vivid , realistic atmosphere -- complete with chilly winds and hot milk tea -- many ... scenes work remarkably well .
Tuya is joins the ranks of other strong , female characters created by Chinese directors and writers , in this case battling against the odds to keep her family together .
... a poster child for promoting quality independent film from abroad .
Tuya 's Marriage is thoroughly gratifying in its consistent inventiveness and has a grasp of human nature so universal that there 's no feeling of the exotic about the film and its people .
Comic and heartrending , Wang Quan ` an 's study of a woman who 's too responsible for her own good has the mythic quality of a great Western , and is as weirdly piercingly intimate as a good Sam Shepard play .
What keeps the film from out-and-out miserabilism is a deadpan comic tone , a subtly brilliant command of cinematic language , and the extraordinarily gifted actress at its center .
It is a fine and plaintive experience , more modern-day folklore than ethnographic study , and a wonderfully assured piece of cinema .
Graced with a captivating lead performance and artful cinematography .
This small , sweet drama from Chinese director Wang Quang An is picturesque , romantic and unexpectedly droll tale of life in one the world 's most remote regions .
Tuya 's Marriage has enough material to supply an entire year of a soap opera -- in Inner Mongolia , that is .
A compact near-masterpiece that combines a slow-motion romantic comedy with a docudrama-style portrait of a remote , nomadic culture as it is gradually eroded by the tides of the 21st century .
Tuya 's Marriage finds an austere beauty in a landscape of scrub and grassland ringed by forbidding slate-blue mountains .
Story of a strong , independent , and resilient woman who is willing to do anything to save her family and her way of life in Inner Mongolia .
The film 's social commentary is so subtle , and arises so naturally from the plot , that Tuya 's Marriage might be mistaken for simple , straightforward entertainment .
-LSB- Director Wang Quan -RSB- still maintains an emotional remove from his subject , tracing the encroaching will of capitalism-as in the evolution from horses to motorcycles to cars-more clinically than poetically .
Tuya 's Marriage can feel a tad overwritten , but in terms of its cultural and emotional portraits , the film 's neo-realist authenticity is nonetheless striking .







@highlight

The breathtaking landscapes of Inner Mongolia are a powerful backdrop for this quietly intense , dryly comical film .