The Seeker : The Dark Is Rising is n't an out and out bad film , there have certainly been worse films and recently , but it 's not particularly good either , suffering from ill-conceived and executed story decisions that rob it of tension or interest .
a lot of shouting offered up as an ineffectual camouflage to the picture 's complete lack of ambition .
Sloppy , lifeless storytelling so limp it guarantees no sequels will be made .
The Seeker is great-looking and well-acted , but unlike the Potter books and films , there 's no sense that it 's about anything more than the throwing-balls-of-smoke and mind-melding that we see onscreen .
It 's important , when criticising some of the more clichéd elements here - the dark versus the light , the Tolkein parallels , the quests - to bear in mind that this film is aimed at older children , not your average jaded film critic .
Disappointing adaptation of a great kids ' book .
Not-too-impressive CG effects and frenetic camera work but can not mask what is -- or , rather , what is n't there .
The excessive strobe effects may trigger epileptic fits , but the movie itself will induce narcolepsy .
An orgy of portents that runs out of oomph .
By Americanising the hero and grotesquely distorting the plot , they can only alienate the fan-base and confuse the newcomer .
A moderate Potter-teen fantasy about an American kid who comes to little old England with his family -LRB- dad 's on some kind of academic posting -RRB- to find that he is the boy-king leader of a group of supernatural warriors .
An uncanny and unholy blend of The Fifth Element , The Sixth Sense and The Seventh Seal .
The Dark is Rising is one of those awful sorcery tales where a spotty young boy -LRB- Alexander Ludwig -RRB- suddenly gets to save the Earth from supernatural creeps such as Christopher Eccleston .
Not very likely to seize that Potter market , this is a disappointing film that starts out okay but goes rapidly downhill , thanks to rudimentary characterisation and storytelling that 's designed more to accommodate gratuitous action .
A terrible bodge .
Cheap-looking , mostly cheerless stuff .
A total dud .
Imagine Time Bandits confined to a boring Berkshire village and drained of colour , and you can see why this pig 's ear of Susan Cooper 's well-received children 's story went belly-up at the US box office .
Off-the-shelf teen fantasy not likely to satisfy the post-Potter/LOTR crowd but guaranteed to enrage fans of the source novel . The newly added quasi-religious overtones do n't help either .
The script is rather bland , the action sequences are extremely dull and it lacks a big effects-heavy set-piece .
The only sparks of life in the entire production come from Ian McShane , who has a strong enough personality to make his scenes worth watching just for his commanding presence .
Director David L. Cunningham 's proffered chills are strictly of the lightweight variety : a menacing flock of ravens , a slimy skein of snakes and a couple of mall security yobs too fat or stupid to overpower even a spindly teenager .
Too quick , too slight , and too cliched to make a splash in the company of such high-quality adaptations like LOTR and Harry Potter .
The bum execution ironically sheds light on just how dim this film about light and dark really is .
Just another supernatural time travel movie that lacks passion and seemingly evaporates even as you watch .
... eerily entertaining .
A mealy adaptation of one installment in Susan Cooper 's acclaimed book series .
The dark may have been rising , but my eyelids were repeatedly falling as I struggled to stay awake during the interminable and exhausting The Seeker : The Dark Is Rising .
A movie that should 've been made shortly after its source material -- Susan Cooper 's Newbery winner -- debuted in 1973 . As is , it feels entirely too generic to work today .
A mediocre time filler designed to hold fantasy fans over till the release of Chris Weitz 's The Golden Compass later this year .
This movie is LAME . The dark may be rising , but the boredom is crushing .
The Dark is Rising is yet another lackluster and derivative entry in the overstuffed genre of youth-oriented fantasy films .
The acting is mediocre , the story rambles , the special effects -- average at best .
Cunningham 's scope is myopic and minimal in a mystical yet meandering piece of malarkey that masquerades as a long-winded Tolkien treasure hunt for teenage thrill-seekers .
It 's not as detailed as the adventures of a certain other young man who fights against the forces of evil . But it 's still an enjoyable fantasy for younger viewers .
A flat , boring , and simple-minded fantasy flick about the battle between the dark forces and the forces of light and goodness .
The genre is bound to have its superstars and average contenders . Unfortunately , despite its production value , The Seeker is one of the latter
A dreary , frequently nonsensical ordeal .
This one is unimaginative and hokey , an adventure nearly as bungling as last holiday season 's dragon egg , Eragon
Devotees of the source material will no doubt grouse at the liberties taken , but -LSB- Ian -RSB- McShane does what he can to keep the torches and pitchforks at bay .
-LSB- The film features -RSB- episodic set pieces with disorienting action , culminating in a face-off that defies logic in its resolution .
Ecclestein and McShane are so captivating it 's almost worth putting up with The Seeker 's inept script .
Poor writing and production values like these bring no light to Cooper 's novel -- or the audience .
Cooper presented this rather basic good/evil mythos in more low-key , atmospheric form than the film allows , leaving thesps -LRB- particularly McShane -RRB- having to poker-face their way through lines like , ` The future of the human race rests on you ! '
The movie ultimately emerges as a lackluster tale of teenage empowerment and does n't fully conjure the requisite sense of magical escape necessary to truly captivate and immerse us in the tale .
Though stylishly produced , this clumsy parable will probably engender more boredom than sequels .
It communicates almost no sense of its own identity ; everything seems borrowed and tired .
Ludwig , a relative unknown with some TV and film experience , is awfully cute , but lacks the needed gravitas and charm to turn Will into more than a caricature .
The special effects are not spectacular , but they are certainly adequate and Cunningham keeps the action moving so that the pace never flags .
Although the plot remains essentially the same , little else is left of Cooper 's original story , as the film 's title implies , and the results are anything but magical .
The shameless Potter/Tolkien recycling is the least of this movie 's problems .
Final score : Book 1 , Movie 0 .
The Seeker feels passé and lacks a charismatic lead . Too bad Daniel Radcliffe is an only child .
Given superpowers , Will does approximately nothing with them -LRB- he can command fire , but uses it mainly to throw cool supertantrums -RRB- . He 's as passive as a dead mackerel .
A reasonable choice for bored tweens -- as long as they do n't demand too much magic from their movies .
A modest proposal : What say we declare a moratorium on special-effects movies about adolescents on a quest to save the world from darkness ?
-LSB- The filmmakers -RSB- jam together action sequences that are too intense for younger viewers with a story too dumb for teens .
The storytelling is clunky but the performances are decent , and Ludwig is both cute and talented .
It 's simply product for a pre-conditioned marketplace , pushing familiar buttons without doing anything remotely creative .
A ho-hum exercise in mysticism and hocus-pocus .
Powering through this story on an Xbox would be far more fun .
Marketed as a family-friendly adventure about a kid with magical powers , this adaptation of Susan Cooper 's Newbery Award-winning book is hopelessly glum .
It is , in almost every single way , an absolute mess , watching the darn thing -LRB- especially for fans of the books -RRB- and not coming away disappointed pretty much a complete and total impossibility .
Think ` Harry Potter ' meets ` Bridge To Terabithia ' . While perfectly fine entertainment for people age 12 and under , adults will find the whole thing a bit of a snooze .
That seventh-son-of-a-seventh-son business sounds like Muddy Waters singing , ` Got my Mojo Workin ' . '
What exactly are The Light and The Dark ? The filmmakers sincerely hope you do n't ask .
The computer-graphic imagery is impressive , but The Seeker : The Dark is Rising demonstrates once again that when it comes to movie magic , TLC means more than CGI .
Throughout its interminable and steadfastly , maniacally bewildering running time , neither the cast nor director Cunningham appear to have even the most rudimentary idea of what is going on from one sequence to the next .
If I were a twelve-year-old child , I would have loved this film ... However , as an adult , I saw too many plot holes and goofy characters .
-LSB- A -RSB- ponderous , clumping fantasy with confusing and seemingly contradictory internal logic .
Whether you fully embrace the Harry Potter phenomenon or simply live with it , there 's no question that J. K. Rowling is an imaginative story-spinner . The trouble is that she has ruined the field for the legions of the second-rate .
Though it frequently feels like its missing most of its formative folklore , and trails off into fits of formless meandering about two thirds of the way through , The Seeker is actually a rather good ripping yarn .
The ultimate question is , was the movie purposefully made into a blur to play directly into the pockets of the fans , or do we chalk this up to standard-issue directorial incompetence ? I vote the latter .
What 's the fun of being a seeker if you do n't actually get to do any seeking ?
This might be the first movie where I hoped I would fall asleep in the middle
Remember hearing that the early studio inclination with Harry -LSB- Potter -RSB- was to Americanize him ? This tedious , plodding , thoroughly unmagical movie could well be what that Hollywood Harry might have been .
Screenwriter John Hodge strips Cooper 's story of its details and charm , reducing it to a kind of characterless , elemental video game -- an apocalyptic scavenger hunt .
A slapdash story told hastily , without whimsy or wit .
Finally -LSB- Susan -RSB- Cooper 's fantasy comes to the screen this weekend with The Seeker .
Director David L. Cunningham applies a jarring , disorienting style to much of the action that , rather than mirroring Will 's inner confusion , distances the audience from his plight .
Screenwriter John Hodge and director David Cunningham 's adaptation seems all too derivative of Star Wars , Harry Potter and The Lord of the Rings , and it takes itself more seriously than any of those -- much too seriously .
Walden Media 's success at making the worlds of Narnia and Terabithia feel real on screen does not translate into the same magic in adapting Susan Cooper 's series of young-adult fantasy novels .
The Signs may be invisible to everyone but The Seeker , but the plot developments will be obvious to everyone after the first 20 minutes .
Director David L. Cunningham and screenwriter John Hodge -LRB- `` Trainspotting '' -RRB- conspire with a gruelingly slow pacing to underpin nebulous special effects sequences . `` The Seeker '' is a children 's fantasy movie worth avoiding .
The Seeker : The Dark is Rising is the first eye-popping , jaw-dropping installment in a film fantasy series that could turn out to be the new Harry Potter .
At its best , The Seeker is a pretty vivid fantasy book come-to-life ; it does a decent , passable job of adding to the canon of kid-lit flicks .
Director David L. Cunningham keeps it all moving right along , but it 's still malarkey .
The movie 's just an acceptable way for youngsters to kill two hours at the mall until their parents pick them up .
Clumsily made and not at all magical , with a confusing story , a bland young hero , a really boring villain and mediocre visuals ... read the signs and search elsewhere .
... an overstuffed yet uninspired pastiche of fantasy elements .




@highlight

The magic of the book is lost in translation with The Seeker , due to its clumsy plot and lack of heart .