Silent House is less of a Boo ! Monster ! type of horror film and more of an intense psychological thriller that genuinely manages to keep you guessing .
As a technical experiment in real time cinema , Silent House is fascinating , but it fails as both an interesting story and a visceral experience .
Although it has plenty of atmosphere and tense moments , Silent House is ultimately lacking in every other department .
Moviegoers looking for a unique horror-thriller experience , who find the `` real time '' premise intriguing , are likely to enjoy Silent House in spite of its flaws .
-LSB- Elizabeth Olsen 's -RSB- impressive portrayal - and even an admittedly interesting overall conclusion - just is n't enough to rescue a film that is literally agonising to watch .
As Trish declared to Darry in Jeepers Creepers : ` You know the part in scary movies when somebody does something really stupid , and everybody hates them for it ? ' This is littered with those moments .
A skillful thriller with something unexpectedly insidious on its mind .
While the movie delivers fantastic atmosphere and some effective scares , there are many missed opportunities where the camera does n't catch the moments with the most impact .
Interesting one-take cinematography and a great performance by Elizabeth Olsen are very nearly ruined by a muddled story that leaves little room for replay value .
The gap between technological fetishism and story craft now has a name : Olsen 's Cleavage .
In this version transposed to the States it loses whatever claims to individuality it once had as well as wasting the talent of Elizabeth Olsen .
Elizabeth Olsen is perfectly committed to her role , yet once you get past the technical wizardry , it - like the Uruguayan original - quickly becomes tedious .
Has a powerful enough context behind it , but ... it disappoints ... Still , Olsen is a star worth following and has carved out an impressive niche in the psychological thriller genre .
Film-makers Lau and Kentis seem to lose their collective mojo 20 minutes in and we 're left watching a mostly dark screen and listening to a great deal of random panting .
The problem is that the remake has n't solved the essential defect of the first film .
It 's still atmospheric enough , and like the original , has a quasi-theatrical event status . But it feels like a copy .
Olsen is , without question , one of the most intriguing , most thrilling young talents to burst onto the scene in years , and she 's very very good here ... so good that I wished the movie was kinder to her as a talent ...
Olsen 's brilliantly nervy and detailed performance deserved a flick that knew how to house it .
Ludicrous and offensive in equal measure . Avoid .
It 's well acted but repetitive and not scary enough .
The scariest film of the decade to date .
Elizabeth Olsen continues to emerge as one of the most interesting young actresses around , but she ca n't do much with the final act of this frontloaded exercise in technique over story .
Fails to improve on the original film thanks to a poorly paced middle section and an annoying tendency towards over-explaining things .
The script aims for provocative , but , in a funny turn of events , probably hews even closer to exploitative than the usual horror hijinks .
Filmmakers Chris Kentis and Laura Lau -LRB- ` Open Water ' -RRB- should have plugged the original 's plot holes and straightened out its logic .
Shredding while it lasts , Silent House is really just a fun campfire horror tale .
The underlit setting occasionally produces unsettling , suggestive imagery , but the technique took me out of the movie .
Elizabeth Olsen , below , stars in a remake of a Uruguayan horror , whose chief distinction is that it is shot in a single continuous take .
An effective exercise in misdirection rather than a strikingly original vision , and now it 's a remake of an effective exercise in misdirection .
This is n't one of those PG-13 horror movies .
Far too ponderously slow to maintain the tension , despite Olsen 's undoubted effectiveness as a scream-queen .
`` Silent House '' just is n't scary . The only reason to keep watching is to see if they screw up the tracking shot , and leave the boo boo in without stopping . Ultimately I was bored and did n't really care after the first 15 minutes .
A risky formal experiment that applies an old-fashioned William Castle/Robert Bloch story twist to the subjective-unreality themes of such recent horror thrillers as ` Dream House ' and ` High Tension ' ...
Kentis and Lau indeed pull off the impressive technical feat , which is what the film as a whole comes off as , nothing more , despite the even more impressive work of Olsen .
Unpleasant viewing experience .
A movie whose terror can be read in every silent scream on Olsen 's gorgeous face , served up in more extreme close-ups than you can count .
The single-take aesthetic eliminates one of the horror genre 's best -LRB- and most abused -RRB- tricks -- the shock cut -- but it creates a relentless vibe that more than makes up for it .
Elizabeth Olsen quakes and trembles , but fails to blow this house down
The experiment is interesting for about half of the movie 's 85-minute running time ...
Overall , the film itself is a sleep-inducing bore .
... a failed cinematic experiment ...
Silent House is a vast improvement over the Uruguayan effort ; that is undeniable .
Silent House ca n't close the deal .
The most shocking thing in the movie is a third-act twist that defies logic while insulting the audience 's intelligence .
If you must know the dark secret `` Silent House '' holds then prepare for a journey that may not pay off in the end .
The fantasy is convincingly executed , but wasted on banal haunted house formula punctuated with a baffling conclusion .
One of the most conceptually dishonest American films in ages .
A run of the mill scary movie but Elizabeth Olsen 's talent move sit up a notch
One or two good moments . Literally .
` Silent House ' is a horror movie that runs the gamut of emotions from tedium to unintentional mirth to irritation . Curiously , the only sensation this film misses is fear .
... more trying than terrifying ... The nosy camera only manages to call attention to itself and make Olsen 's annoying Tonya Harding crying jags all the more annoying .
Despite spending too much screen time sobbing , shrieking , or putting on a game face as the camera peers down her shirt , Elizabeth Olsen comes out ahead .
The haunted House may be a built on a shaky foundation , but its scare tactics are sound , and its gimmickry is enough to stand out in a crowded genre neighborhood .
Sarah 's gulping breaths and Olsen 's keen sense of evoking a terror too great for anything but silence , create the perfect atmosphere of refined yet primal horror
If you prefer vaginal symbolism delivered to you via a blood-gushing urinal , consider `` Silent House '' your `` Citizen Kane . ''
Paint it blecch
The camera 's unblinking eye constantly stays with Olsen , and we feel in as much danger as she is .
The filmmakers screw up the ending so monumentally here that all the good will they 've built up is squandered .
One of those horror movies with no internal logic and camera tricks as ways to heighten tension instead of anything that feels remotely genuine . The trip through Silent House starts promisingly but you 'll be running for the doors before it ends .
It 's Olsen 's performance that makes Sarah 's plight matter . And the actress proves that her mesmerizing turn in last fall 's Martha Marcy May Marlene -- about a woman on the lam from a cult -- was n't a fluke .
Silent House feels like a psychotic episode come to life . It 's impressive and oppressive , and it very effectively gets on your nerves .
Yet another variation of a Girl and a Dark House ...
Its central purpose hinges completely on the ending , and ... suffers so horrendously from its ninth-inning swoon that it 's hard not to feel the sting .
A young woman is trapped and terrorized in the isolated summer house her father and uncle are preparing for sale in this derivative thriller whose big twist horror fans will figure out long before it arrives .
The result is an entirely unique rhythm for a horror film . Without the reassurance of editing , the flow is much more nightmarish .
-LSB- Olsen is -RSB- terrific at showing shifts of emotion just underneath the skin of her wide , china-doll face .
From the eerie opening scenes , the film had me completely in its grip -- at least until the last five minutes , when the whole thing falls apart .
Like an amusement park ride that , having hits its peak early on , keeps going a lot longer than it needs to .
` Silent House ' sinks in the school of mere staccato scare .
A breakout star last year for her work in `` Martha Marcy May Marlene , '' Olsen spends most of the film hiding under furniture .
It 's highly unlikely the shaky camerawork or most anything else about this flick will be recalled a year from now . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
... hangs on the cliché premise that someone , all alone , in a scary , dark and forbidding house will do stupid things , like go down into the basement or up into the attic .
Paranormal Activity has been here before , of course , but Silent House springs tangy new tricks , and Olsen is a primo scream queen .
Silent House must have been a nightmare to stage , yet director of photography Igor Martinovic makes it look effortless . Still , it 's ultimately just a gimmick .
It 's got some tense sequences , a few good scares , and it employs its central conceit rather ingeniously .
A movie with plenty of promise , but it never gets going . Nothing more than a series of possible shocks , and they do n't deliver many shocks .
Frightfully forced , since the cinematography gimmick dilutes , rather than enhances the premise .
... an interesting cinematic exercise and a not very interesting thriller ... your reaction after seeing it will likely be , ` Aha - that 's why they do n't make movies this way . '
Olsen is compelling even when the film is n't .
You may not buy every frame of Silent House , but that does n't mean the psychological thriller wo n't scare the stuffing out of you .
The creeping presence of horror-flick hokum not only robs the scares of their strength , it shatters the realism that the single-take format is trying to convey .
Demonstrating the limits of being too clever in a genre movie , the art-house chiller `` Silent House '' lets the tenseness of its first act trickle away .
A scary , yet thoughtful - some might even say deep - art-house frightfest .
Formal gimmick and all , Silent House reads far better on paper than it plays on the screen .
Silent House is a relentless thriller ... It 's also a technically savvy and ingenious film .
Remake or not , the provocative `` Silent House '' has been born anew .
Sometimes you do n't want to know what is lurking in the dark because the answer is just too obvious and dumb .
It 's not hard to guess the source of her horror , and so the film 's most interesting aspects are its gimmicks rather than its frights .
Constricted by its gimmicky concept . When you have a story of any interest at all , why not just tell it ?
Sarah does any number of silly things while scurrying through this not-so-silent house , but keeps the audience on her side ; you want her to get out of the house immediately but you do n't get annoyed with her when she ca n't .
Even if Silent House had turned out as grimy , gory and stupid as much of its terrorplex ilk , the film would still be an achievement simply owing to its construction .
... interesting as a technical exercise , but as horror it 's hokum .
`` Silent House '' is up to something . The filmmakers , Chris Kentis and Laura Lau , must have seen plenty of horror movies worth discussing in a women 's studies class .
There 's an awful lot of screaming for a house that 's supposed to be silent .
The tricky camera moves that fill up `` Silent House '' make for one-half of a nerveracking horror film - before the movie 's obviousness just gets on your nerves .
Unfortunately , the end horrors are telegraphed -LRB- subtly , but still -RRB- too far in advance , thereby denuding the payoff of its rightful , righteous shriek .
The directors have come up with a new and powerful way to film a thriller : Silent House contains no quick editing in the active moments , and there is never an instance when the movie cuts unexpectedly to something scary as the soundtrack thunders .
Though the final revelation of who 's behind the malevolent forces at work feels hackneyed , and the denouement is excessively talky , these flaws do n't spoil what is a deftly executed film .
Like many thrillers , the setup of `` Silent House '' is more compelling than the payoff . But `` Silent House '' has built up enough good will by that point that the slight letdown hardly matters .
This is good-for-you , arthouse-style horror . Which does n't mean it 's necessarily any good .
Despite an unfortunate third-act meltdown , it 's a notch better than your average home-invasion thriller , thanks largely to the efforts of Olsen .
A gimmick horror movie , but the gimmick works pretty well .
Olsen is never more haunting than when hiding around a corner , barely able to contain her fear . She makes standard set-ups troubling .
`` The silence will kill you ! '' warn the posters for `` Silent House . '' That 's only if the boredom does n't get you first , though .
A denouement more textbook than thrilling stalls some of the movie 's power . But the early chills are potent , intense .
It would n't work without the exceptional work of Olsen . Her uneasily captivating performance here could almost be viewed as the `` why '' prequel to Martha Marcy May Marlene , the other chiller from Sundance 2011 that established her as rising star to watch .
Gets it right for a good stretch , building the pressure to the boiling point as star Elizabeth Olsen appears to break down onscreen . But once the stumbling starts , it does n't really stop until the movie ends .
My attention was held for the first act or so . Then any attempt at realism was abandoned , and it became clear that the house , and the movie containing it , were devices to manufacture methodical thrills .
It 's one of the few occasions where you can marvel at the stuntwork and roll your eyes at the formula sustaining it .
Ultimately the single-shot gimmick and spuriously significant concluding twist ca n't disguise that it 's a pretty tired piece of work .
Much like their previous effort on Open Water , the filmmaking pair once again prove you do n't need a huge budget , crazy effects or a star-studded cast when creating a truly terrifying tale .
It 's a home-invasion shocker a la `` The Strangers , '' but this one is made even more trippy by the gimmick that the film appears to be shot in one long take and occurs in real time .
... thanks to an effective gimmick and a wonderful leading lady , it 's not the worst way to spend 88 minutes in a darkened theatre , or better still in the comfort of your own home .
Look hard and you might find a few thrills in a potboiler called Silent House , but I was fighting too hard to stay awake to pay much attention .
Unfortunately , so much of what could be great about this movie is undercut by the instability of the hand-held camera and the weak ending .
Olsen continues to reveal a startling comfort and maturity in front of the camera for someone so young and relatively inexperienced . But the film 's dexterous cinematographer , Igor Martinovic , is just as much of a star behind the lens .
Those Olsens and their houses , huh ?
For 88 minutes , Olsen rivets our attention , and the camera 's , so fiercely it verges on unbearable . Silent House is her movie .
Silent House does superficially spiff up the haunted-house movie , but it 's not built to last .
The pic 's true star is Martinovic 's unblinking camera , which really ought to have been let loose in some other house .
A suspenseful experience that showcases a stellar rising talent and take something that could have been a mere gimmick and raises it to the level of an effective storytelling tool .
Silent House dies a sudden and egregious death when the amateur players in Olsen 's company , Adam Trese and Eric Sheffer Stevens , as her character Sarah 's father and uncle , respectively , open their traps .
A certain technical virtuosity is the signal virtue of Silent House , a creaky haunted house that , once the big twist is revealed , makes very little sense at all .
Silent House 's change-up from home invasion scarefest to limp psychological terror is bad , but worse yet , it 's boring .
While Silent House is not a traditional haunted home horror film , it is one of the more unusual and well-made ones out there now .
-LSB- VIDEO -RSB- `` Silent House '' is a truly disturbing psychological thriller that taunts and challenges its audience .
The type of horror film that will build a substantial unscalable wall between those who love it and those who hate it , although even the latter group should be able to appreciate it for the incredible craft at work .
By minute 75 of this 86 minute film I actually muttered , `` that 's it '' and put my hands over my eyes .
Practically a master class in how to tell a spooky-house story .
The cleverly and handsomely achieved gimmick compensates for troublesome motivation and suspension of disbelief issues to make this a genuinely fresh treat for horror fans .

@highlight

Silent House is more technically proficient and ambitious than most fright-fests , but it also suffers from a disappointing payoff .