A silly inane story lacking strong characters and ay sense of adventure .
A creaking `` star vehicle '' for two stars who should have known better , and maybe had a little chemistry .
-LSB- The Tourist -RSB- is very entertaining and thoroughly enjoyable from the very start and does n't let up until the screen goes black , which is something that very few films are able to pull off nowadays .
Overall an interesting and at times very gripping film , but one that perhaps could have done with taking a few more risks
It 's a self-conscious attempt at a Hollywood caper with the mix of comedy , romance and conspiracy watered down to the point where you can see straight through it .
Depp and Jolie together create a chemical black hole . They could n't produce sparks with dry hair and a comb .
The Tourist certainly looks fabulous - as befits the setting , the stars and the gorgeous costumes . The trouble is that Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck 's movie is far too elegant to break into a sweat ... The viewer 's pulse does n't quicken .
Something has gone really , really wrong here .
I 'm afraid the stars ' vacation videos are probably more interesting than this poorly handled mistaken-identity caper , which is n't funny enough to be a comedy or dramatic enough to be a thriller .
... somehow this lavish light thriller stumbles through the set pieces and bobbles the star chemistry .
An incredibly dull low-key thriller barely driven by its two A-list leads .
On paper , The Tourist sounds like a dream film -- two of the hottest actors alive , in a charmingly frothy romantic crime caper set in one of the most beautiful cities on earth . So why did n't it come alive on screen ?
The Tourist is best considered an expensive travel ad for Venice rather than the sexy , action-packed , sassy thriller we were all hoping for .
The Tourist is a mildly pleasant cinematic journey .
Teria sido melhor acompanhar a viagem da personagem em tempo real até a cidade italiana do que vê-la percorrendo sonâmbula as maquinações estúpidas de um roteiro sabotado pela falta de entusiasmo de um cineasta com preguiça .
Hampered by its lack of narrative tension or palpable sense of romance .
About as much fun as standing in line at Customs for hours after a long-haul flight .
Whenever Jolie entered a room , I found my attention wandering to the European extras , whose heads keep turning to watch her . They seemed far more enchanted by her than I was . Maybe you had to be there .
It is disheartening on a profound level to see a group of talented actors and filmmakers come together at the height of their powers and produce something of such soul-killing drudgery as The Tourist .
While this farcical thriller can certainly be classified as a no-brainer , it is only on the grounds of sustained mindlessness that the tag truly sticks .
It 's a beautiful film to look at . Unfortunately for The Tourist , looks ai n't everything .
As shallow as the Venetian scenery is beautiful with a preening Jolie and a lackluster Depp stuck in what appears to be a painstakingly long travel commercial .
A bland , badly directed , star-driven cinematic molestation of Jérôme Salle 's tight-as-a-drum 2005 French thriller Anthony Zimmer .
The combination of two lazy , smug performances from its over-confident stars and a director mismatched with his material make for 2010 's biggest `` It seemed like a good idea at the time ... '' dud .
This should be a potent combination , but it turns out to be a fizzer .
The tone is lightly comic , the dialogue flirty and amusing but the performances are unengaged . There 's no floor of reality , as there always was in a Hitchcock film , even his light confections .
What should have been the romantic thriller of the year instead turns out to be one its biggest disappointments , as The Tourist fails to tap into the charisma of its star powered duo and falls flat in its recreation of the classic adventure model .
Even Hitchcock might have had trouble lighting a match under these two actors ...
The beautiful scenery and glamorous lead actors ca n't make up for the increasingly absurd plot or flat performances .
The filmmakers forgot to give us a reason to care about anything these glamourous people do or say .
`` Sure , the plot is preposterous , but the two stars look great , the scenery is spectacular and the supporting cast is a hoot . ''
Tepid romance and sluggish action ca n't match the beauty of Venice .
-LSB- I -RSB- f this desperately unentertaining film is intended as a comedy , it 's even less successful than the suspense thriller it appears to be attempting to ape ...
A crime thriller with a light , witty touch
The modern equivalent of Hitchcock 's To Catch a Thief
The film bears less resemblance to the vintage international-intrigue movies it tries to imitate than , well , an e-cigarette does to a Gitanes .
How do you say , `` I want a refund , '' in Italian ?
What 's not to enjoy ?
Except for the opening surveillance sequence , you 'd never guess that Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck also directed the Oscar-winning The Lives of Others .
Is it really that bad ? No , instead it 's that indifferent , which is somehow more distressing .
Two of the most fascinating people in the world in a movie that is not their best but still entertaining
consistently flat and uninspired , as if everyone is working on a different page
Beautiful people in exotic locations provide a serviceable espionage romp in ` The Tourist . '
There 's not enough oxygen in any room for these two giant egos to share ... ... they 're about as cuddly together as alien intelligences from different galaxies making first contact .
one of the oddest star vehicles to come out of the Hollywood dream factory in some time ... Depp and Jolie know exactly what they are doing . Jolie has never been more ludicrously Barbie-Doll/Sophia Loren glamorous
Frequently feels as if it has been assembled in some strange parallel world , one where Johnny Depp and Angelina Jolie possess none of the charisma or subversive appeal that has consistently made each of them a magnetic screen presence ...
Two of Hollywood 's most glamorous and cherished Hollywood heartthrobs team up for what will likely go down as one of the year 's most disappointing misfires .
It bides time while watching extras watching Jolie do her fashion-model strut , her famous lips pursed just so . It does n't help that she is so icily imperious that she seems more like a creepily gorgeous space alien than an actual human being .
The damn thing 's been soundtracked within an inch of its life . Whenever Ange glides into a room it sounds like a concert harpist 's having a coronary .
The only thing worth noting is that the film is beautifully shot , but too bad ` The Tourist ' is a just a lifeless , boring romantic mess .
a leisurely thriller , more interesting than heart-stopping , with an unfortunate tendency to stall
... a romantic thriller on the lighter side , providing ample rewards for those willing to play along .
Boring , bland and self indulgent Vanity piece for Angelina Jolie .
While I did enjoy much of Depp 's performance , and while Jolie emanated a radiant beauty that jumped right off the screen , neither generated a bright enough spark to make up for the script 's numerous shortcoming .
The movie changes tones like a chameleon and is unable to decide if it wants to be a thriller , a romance or a comedic parody . It never amounts to much and runs on empty through most of the 104-minute running time . Do n'tbe among the ...
It 's actually rare for me to see a film that is such an utter failure on so many levels .
Fraudulent where it should be smart , impotent where it should be sexy , and dull where it should be exciting , The Tourist is a big star misfire of epic proportions .
A rather goofy action comedy that deflates the suspense by telling us pretty much everything from the start
A multiplex trip that 's only slightly less annoying than a case of Montezuma 's revenge .
Check your brain with the usher and lavish in the beauty of Venice in the summer with Depp and Jolie as your sneaky and energetic guides .
This unthrilling thriller is burdened by two superstars with no chemistry between them . There is one good line , the last one uttered , hardly worth waiting for .
Depp 's likable turn as the bewildered Frank , not having a clue over what is happening , provides an everyman type who falls for a spy .
Venice is pretty alright , but like its namesake -LRB- or , for that matter , like a kidney stone -RRB- , The Tourist is just passing through .
Jolie stars as a frozen aristocratic and Depp is miscast . They show little interest in each other or charming the audience . There is no need or inclination to act .
... a watchable yet forgettable piece of work ...
As is often the case with movies like this , it looks like the stars are having a whole lot more fun than the audience .
In a year of craptaculars , The Tourist deserves burial at the bottom of the 2010 dung heap .
Spectacularly scenic but do n't expect much more than a frothy diversion , courtesy of cinematographer John Seale .
The Tourist is as beautiful as it is soulless .
Everyone involved is so clearly phoning it in that you can practically see them checking their wallets to make sure that the paycheck is still there .
The steamy and barely restrained cat and mouse chemistry between Jolie and Depp is palpable throughout . And laced with stylishly provocative wit and charm , in an enigmatic tango between the entrapped nicotine nut and predatory love junkie in charge .
As for Depp , his character makes so little sense that he can hardly be blamed for blinking his way through the movie with an expression of blank-faced puzzlement that recalls Dan Quayle in the 1988 vice-presidential debate .
The epic fail of `` The Tourist '' starts with its name , which should have been `` Pay $ 10 Just to Gawk at Angelina Jolie 's Pretty Face Even Though You Can Get Online Porn For Free '' .
Romantic thriller has some mature twists .
Depp and Jolie lack sparks , but The Tourist is a light little lark of a mystery-love story .
A frothy romp through two gorgeous locations , and a script that 's clever enough .
It 's all so 1970 's `` The Man From U.N.C.L.E. '' , and it 's all rather ordinary as far as filmmaking goes .
What should have sizzled fizzles .
What can be said is that von Donnersmarck , who shot so claustrophobically in The Lives of Others , does know how to shoot wide to capture beauty and opulence as well as action .
The Tourist is memorable for one thing , at least . It 's the first movie to make Venice look boring .
It 's formulaic , but all the elements are in the right order . We 've seen a guy inch across ledges and fall onto fruit stands , but do n't you want to see Johnny Depp have a go at it too ?
Johnny Depp is such a talented chameleon that when he portrays someone who is supposed to be boring , he actually is boring .
Jolie ! Depp ! Romantic locations ! Intrigue ! Some movies sound too good to be true . The Tourist is one of them .
The Tourist merely asks you to sit back and enjoy the ride , and then makes that task a breeze .
Jolie and Depp have no chemistry whatsoever . They go about their business here with the twinkling elan of two actors waiting for their checks to clear .
To see Johnny Depp and Angelina Jolie in The Tourist is like watching a chemistry experiment gone horribly wrong .
Unfortunately , this is one of those movies with a twist ending that turns a character inside out , revealing earlier scenes to be essentially fraudulent and more or less invalidating one 's emotional investment in the story .
there is no urgency , no smoldering passion and no excitement in The Tourist
To battle the logic of the film would be to swat flies in a hurricane .
There was a moment when I thought maybe The Tourist > could be like one of Hitchcock 's fun , elegant thrillers like To Catch a Thief . Unfortunately that moment was fleeting .
Everyone Gawp at Angelina ! would have been a more appropriate title .
If you 've ever seen a spy thriller , you 'll know where it 's all heading , with the final twist particularly unsurprising .
It 's slow going , but not entirely unpleasant to watch Johnny Depp , even when he 's mostly standing around and pondering the great beauty of Venice or Elise .
Luckily Depp and Jolie are an attractive central pairing who smoulder with on-screen chemistry while the rest of the film crumbles around them .
If you sit back and enjoy the eye candy of the stars and locations , at least one cold winter night will actually fly by .
Star power can cover up a multitude of shortcomings in a film . Turns out stupidity is n't one of them .
My mother is going to love this movie .
So deficient in the genre 's essentials - such as witty dialogue , intriguing characters and surprising yet credible plot turns - that you 're embarrassed for everyone involved .
Never as clever , exciting , or romantic as it wants to be , The Tourist underwhelms on every level .
Too bad most of the fun on-screen seems to be reserved for the people who actually made `` The Tourist '' - while all we get is a postcard .
Undeniably the big misfire of the season . Good looking locations , and sexy stars do n't make up for a lack of chemistry , and a tepid plot .
Depp ca n't sell the `` tourist '' look . At the very worst , he looks like he could be working as a coffee kiosk barista at the Alitalia terminal in Rome 's Leonardo Da Vinci Fiumicino Airport .
A movie that is glamorous and handsome , but no more so than a six-page Vanity Fair fashion spread shot on location on the canals of Venice and starring these two overqualified model/stars .
Pretty people . Pretty scenery . Pretty bland .
... a limp Vogue layout : easy on the eyes , completely devoid of anything else .
Von Donnersmarck , who brilliantly depicted government surveillance in East Berlin before the fall of the wall in his earlier German film , astonishingly ca n't even find a way to make Interpol 's spying interesting here .
The high wattage of stars Johnny Depp and Angelina Jolie cast the film in a spotlight that would be unflattering for most movies , least of all an insubstantial , tension-free thriller like this .
Tries to make up for the story 's complete lack of significance or motion with some very nice scenery and a few very nice people . It does that so well that at times , it 's almost enough .
I still ca n't say for sure whether the director and screenwriters were in on the joke all along .
The defining characteristics of The Tourist are its overt efforts to emphasize that Angelina Jolie is beautiful and that Johnny Depp is a ` regular guy . '
I urge you to say the director 's name aloud . Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck . Did you do it ? There , you just had more fun than you would if you watched The Tourist .
About the only good thing to say about the pic is that at least it 's set in Venice where the architectural and natural beauty is simple and never distracting , unlike everything else in this film . -LRB- Parental Review also Available -RRB-
This movie is like a fancy sundae , a concoction of sweet thrills and empty calories . We should n't take too long admiring it , because it 'll melt if we do . Just scoop it up , enjoy the sugary rush and smile .
Enjoyable but light on substance ...
As the closing credits begin to roll , I found myself wanting to say , `` That 's nice Florian . Is n't that cute . Now put away your toys and get back to work . ''
There are all kinds of bad movies in the world , but it 's really only stardom that can create the exact variety of cinematic abortion we find in `` The Tourist . ''
Jolie 's role in this film is somewhere between femme fatale and Girl from Ipanema -- she spends a lot of time walking slowly while those she passes say , `` Ahhhhhhh . ''
`` The Tourist '' is n't a movie ; it 's scenery .
It 's nice to see a movie resurrect the playful banter that was standard procedure in the '50s . A better idea , though , would have been to address the foundation of the house -LRB- story -RRB- , rather than the window dressing -LRB- dialogue , star power -RRB- .
... it 's a bit of a shock to see this caliber of star power and big-budget production and location juice ... yield such dismal results .
If the film were any less significant , it would simply evaporate from existence .
When she -LSB- Angelina Jolie -RSB- first appears in a come-hither outfit and a small private smile , she looks ready for liftoff . She never ignites , and neither does the movie .
There is a moment in `` The Tourist '' when Johnny Depp turns to Angelina Jolie and asks `` Why is all this happening ? '' It 's a question moviegoers will be asking themselves as well .
Showing off your stars , ogling the Grand Canal and draping everyone in Colleen Atwood 's glamorous threads is not enough in itself to pass as Hitchcock homage , unless your favourite Hitchcock film is To Catch a Thief .
Unfortunately , the funny side of the film is abandoned quickly , and the muddled plot disappears bubblingly into the lagoon .
For all of the charisma on display , the movie stars ultimately seem to be more in love with themselves than with each other , and it 's that hyper self-awareness that could easily turn off some viewers .
This woefully botched mystery-adventure-thriller-caper-romance-comedy , or whatever it was meant to be , is no fun at all .
Jolie is gorgeous , but photographed in reverent profile , like a Roman coin . Depp is amusingly droll , but it turns out that `` mild '' for this great actor looks a lot like `` sleepy . ''
Enduring `` The Tourist '' is like going for a ride in a sinking gondola .
Plush star vehicle in which Johnny Depp , Angelina Jolie and Venice easily overpower a familiar tale of international intrigue .
It may be the only movie ever to feature a bad performance by Johnny Depp , one of the best actors working in films . Who knew he could be wooden and unconvincing in a role ?
The good news is that Jolie and Depp accessorize nicely together . He rarely gets to spar with women in his weight class , and his slovenly approach to stardom might be the antidote for Jolie 's solemnity .
The story ... is limp and preposterous at the same time . The action is lethargic . Jolie 's performance is smug ...
Think about adding To Catch a Thief or Charade to your Netflix queue instead .
Director Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck 's name is far more exciting than his movie ...
Johnny Depp and Angelina Jolie , benchmarks for sexual arousal in other movies , have zero emotional and physical chemistry in The Tourist .
As a thriller , The Tourist makes a good travelogue .
A frothy bit of cloak-and-dagger intrigue where the cloak is n't billowy enough to cover the script 's multiple plot inconsistencies , and the dagger 's about as dull as a butter knife .
Von Donnersmarck 's meat-and-potatoes direction makes The Tourist astonishingly lifeless and awkward , reducing two of the world 's biggest movie stars to something akin to shy , pimply teenagers on their first date .
It all comes down to chemistry , and Depp and Jolie do n't have it . At least not in these roles .
The Tourist is like a beautifully decorated shop window -- with no shop behind it .
The Tourist has all the hallmarks of a sleekly diverting Euro-thriller , and sets about proving that hallmarks are not enough .
Johnny Depp , Angelina Jolie , Venice -- what more could you want from a movie ? Quite a lot , actually .
One of those frustrating almost-good films which never really catches fire .
It 's the kind of espionage caper that does n't get made anymore , a visually sensuous picture made with tender attention to detail and an elegant , understated sense of humor .
Yes , it 's dreck , but we 've all seen duff movies . What makes this so painfully exasperating is that ` The Tourist ' is so bloody pleased with itself .
Jolie provides the sultry action , and Depp offers some sweet , goofy laughs , and in the end no one got sunburned or suffered from food poisoning .
A would-be sophisticated frolic so droopy and inane that the plot holes and dull performances almost obliterate the gorgeous visuals .
Depp 's character is an uneasy blend of hammy matinee idol and Clouseau-like farceur , while Jolie is in the running for the most annoying and insipid ice maiden in cinema history .
There are worse ways to spend two hours than watching lush visuals of Venice . But the city 's sinking fast -- and the same goes for The Tourist .
Let 's not mince words ; The Tourist is one of the most outstandingly atrocious films of the year .
The Tourist gets sillier as the plot crawls along , its pace so slow that the movie could well put Ambien out of business once it starts showing up on late-night cable TV .
`` The Tourist '' is a facsimile of a masquerade of a gloss on `` Charade , '' and on all the lesser cinematic charades that followed in the wake of director Stanley Donen 's 1963 picture .
When not simply functioning as a sorry excuse for a thriller , The Tourist also operates as the Angelina Jolie Ego Trip Show .
The plot is preposterous . So what you need is a movie that floats with bemusement above the cockamamie , and actors who tease each other .
von Donnersmarck has gone Hollywood - and I ca n't wait for him to go back to Germany .
Jolie has never been more Jolie , Depp has never been less Depp , and it adds up to nothing .
Add the gifted German director , who deservedly won the Oscar for Lives of Others , to the long list of foreigners lured by Hollywood into making big-budget , high-concept , star-driven movie and fell flat on their faces with their first project .
Another painfully dull movie about an American in Europe hoping to capitalize on the looks and fame of its stars .
A fun , thimble-deep , romantic thriller with big stars and not an ounce of nutritional content .
The Tourist gives background extras more to do than milling around and faking conversation . Each are also instructed to interrupt whatever they 're doing when Jolie sashays by , to offer approving nods for her backside . Nice work , if you can get it .
This zero-chemistry pairing of Angelina Jolie and Depp stands as an object lesson in the perils of succumbing to the siren call of big-time Hollywood filmmaking for a foreign director with one art house hit behind him .
Do anything . Arrange an appointment in Sumatra . Go to the moon . At all costs stay away .
Beautifully shot thriller that gains points for sheer star power but ultimately delivers very little in terms of action , adventure or romance .
For a brief shining moment , the film is all sunsets , cocktails , and flirtations . Leave it to the plot to ruin everything .
You go into a movie like The Tourist hoping for a feast of personality from the stars . What you get , in this case , is a waxworks version of chemistry .
Pretty stars in exotic settings with a hint of excitement and an air of mystery . Ah , Salt by Chanel .


@highlight

The scenery and the stars are undeniably beautiful , but they ca n't make up for The Tourist 's slow , muddled plot , or the lack of chemistry between Johnny Depp and Angelina Jolie .