However , its everyday intimacy and episodic structure - the scenes are focused around the family 's few prison visits and the dad 's precious day releases - are really better suited to TV .
The raw talent and emotion on display here is nothing short of masterful .
Five years in the life of a couple who must improvise their marriage and family life when he is in prison , learning that difficulties in marriage are opportunities to discover ever deeper reserves of love .
Moment by moment , it all adds up . The scenes of the family huddling and hugging , greeting and parting , and reaffirming primal bonds are quietly moving .
The film 's day-to-day aches are quiet and lovingly rendered .
Set in a seaside town , there are quite lovely images of the ocean and fields ... When a flock of geese is captured gliding through the sky , the camera seems to positively lust after them , because so little else is happening .
Everyday is n't just about time ; in a sense , that 's all it is .
For better and for worse-mostly for worse-it sticks to the mundane promise of its title .
Even with the actors ' laudable work-especially Simm , who finally shakes off the notion that he 's a poor man 's Simon Pegg-there 's not enough going on past the temporal trick to make the humanistic elements pop .
Wise and involving ...
Here there is glory in the lives of simple , unprivileged folk and the more-or-less banal events of their daily lives .
An admirable idea in theory proves to be a real slog to sit through .
While the film charts its protagonist 's gradual progression toward a renewed sense of agency and freedom , it rarely indulges in lengthy or even linear narrative arcs .
Everyday might be -LSB- Michael Winterbottom 's -RSB- most ambitious yet , even if it feels like his most modest .
Utilising fluid shots of the English countryside set to one of Michael Nyman 's most dynamic scores , Winterbottom makes something surprisingly lyrical of the non-story
It deserves its cinematic release , thanks to its lingering , poetic-realist images of uncluttered Norfolk landscapes and to Michael Nyman 's yearning score .
The sense that we 're peeking in on the life of a family under exceptional stress is profound ...
It 's a sad , undramatic , well observed slice of minimalist realism , an interesting experiment in helping us to share the experience of time slowly passing . But little more .
It is a sensitive , understated film but it does require a good deal of patience on the part of the viewer .
The performances are suitably naturalistic but the script is weak . It often feels like a lazy , if worthy , attempt to convince middle-class audiences that prisoners are human beings .
-LSB- A -RSB- resolutely realistic drama about a prisoner and his family visits .
Another great success for the endlessly creative and productive Winterbottom .
It 's often affecting ; sometimes gently luminous ; finally ever so slightly `` so what ? ''
For all its innovativeness , Everyday has the rhythms and intrigue of a not-very-interesting family 's Christmas letters .
Heartbreaking but never hysterical , sage but never stodgy , challenging but never confusing .
With each chapter covering no more than a few days a year , mainly around her prison visits or his rare days on release , the pair create a credibly stagnant relationship . Forced to snatch whatever intimacy they can , their frustration is palpable .
It 's ultimately let down by its resolutely minimalist approach to both plot and dialogue .
A strangely intimate and powerful depiction of time passing and the peaks and troughs of childhood .
Although detractors might wish for something more profound , capturing the poignant pointlessness of life passing by feels like a noble pursuit in itself .
An affable kitchen sink drama distinguished by astonishing turns from the kids Michael Winterbottom watched grow over five years .
... hopelessly uninvolving for much of its brief-yet-not-brief-enough running time .
This could have been your average prison drama , all nasty warders and slamming doors . But it 's not .
This is a strange and stirring film , which combines a Malick-ish concern with the emotional import of nature with a rare charm and levity . Everyday is a red letter treat .

@highlight

It suffers from pacing problems and an uneven screenplay , but Michael Winterbottom 's Everyday is also a refreshingly unorthodox and admirably naturalistic take on one family 's struggle to stay together .