If you 're up for something weird and very dark and like leaving with as many questions as answers , this British-made oddity may be for you .
Having gone to an all-girls school where fainting got you out of gym , seeing Carol Morley 's The Falling about an extreme version of this set in 1969 was weird but compelling , as at this school the prettiest and most audacious pupil dies .
The Falling speaks out to young women and represents that feeling of discomfort and complete bewilderment about their bodies , their futures and their minds .
The end result is a mish-mash of promising ideas lost in naff filmmaking .
A preposterous ending , saturated in baptismal overtones , is the last straw .
This seductive waking-dream is a must-see .
There are so many acute insights , striking images and impressive performances in it , not least from lead Maisie Williams , it 's a tragic shame that elsewhere inexperience shows and the last 15 minutes devolve into a morass of melodramatic incident .
Writer and director Carol Morley goes for `` a look how shocking we are '' scene of incest . It just detracts from what had been an intriguing movie about mass hysteria .
The film all leads to a melodramatic climax that wraps up the main character 's explosive acting out in a too-neat package .
Williams has been a promising young actress for a few years ... The Falling allows her to unhinge for a while as her storyline creeps darker and darker .
The beauty of the film is that it is at once personal and universal , with an ability to make you feel nostalgic for friendships and teenage journeys that were probably , at the time , not actually very nice at all .
Often unnerving , and always interesting , but rarely as lyrical as the film seems to be aiming for .
The Falling could have been a great horror film , though you will have to wade through most of it to see why .
It stumbles in the final act due to the need for an ending , but The Falling is beautifully shot , wonderfully atmospheric and very powerful .
Even when the narrative plays its melodramatic hand , and closure is dragged half-drowned from the waters of ambiguity , the ripples of unresolved tension remain unstilled .
There 's an underlying unruliness that feels rather more robust than the maidenhood explored in , say , Hanging Rock .
All hail an uncanny British thriller .
Intriguing and unsettling , The Falling eventually sacrifices some of its grip with a more conventional explanation of events but is still striking with a dreamy score by Tracey Thorn .
Williams delivers a strong performance , convincingly conveying the frustrations of a teen in the throes of sexual awakening while battling against authority and an unfeeling mother .
Fear of female sexuality is at the heart of this deliciously dreamy drama from writer/director Carol Morley .
Carol Morley follows up the mesmerising Dreams of a Life with a tedious period drama set in an all-girls school .
Carol Morley 's potently suggestive follow-up to 2011 's Dreams of a Life ...
One of the strengths of the film is its accurate and barbed portrayal of changing British social attitudes .
Atmospheric , insightful and darkly funny .
Eventually The Falling ditches its poetic abstractions for a more prosaically solid form , and resolves its own mystery ... with the final-reel revelation of a home truth that is as melodramatic as it is bathetic and banal .
Sensuous coming-of-age drama that feels like a distant British cousin of Picnic At Hanging Rock .
Ambiguity is The Falling 's currency , and it 's all the richer for it .
Carol Morley shows startling versatility and ambition with this jawdropping mash-up of ` If ' and ` Picnic at Hanging Rock ' .
Morley offers much to ponder , and it may be that this is a work that plays better with age - in hindsight , perhaps it can be appreciated for all that it puts on the table rather than for what it answers .
An imperfect but alluring study of psychological contagion that marks an auspicious advance in the field of narrative filmmaking for acclaimed docmaker Carol Morley .
Illusory and farcical , and while evidently aware of this fact , playing up to it somewhat , Morley does n't do so quite enough .
Female anxieties and emotions spill over in a potent brew which effectively explores both sexual awakening and fear of the opposite sex .
It worked itself up into a fever pitch of meaningless , sub-Picnic at Hanging Rock-style weirdness , with none of the requisite creepiness .
Every time the picture opens a fascinating door , you 're held back by a naff filmmaking choice or a rote story move . It 's not the step up we hoped for from Morley , but there 's also enough here to ensure that we 'll pay attention wherever she goes .
This is terrific film-making - enough to bring a rush of blood to the head .

@highlight

Well-acted and overall unsettling , The Falling delivers thought-provoking thrills -- and suggests a bright future for writer-director Carol Morley .