It 's a very measured account of how men will accept their fates to a degree , slowly coil up and then spring with anger .
A slow-burning but satisfying drama that persuasively blends elements of Scum and Papillon .
The acting is superb and director Marius Holst 's embellishment of the facts keeps your attention throughout .
There 's an impressive force to the performances and , amid the ice and snow , the film burns with a sense of injustice that deservedly made it a hit in Norway .
Very good but very heavy ; the film 's chilly , snow-blasted environs accurately reflect the tale 's dour tone .
Based on a true story , there is a dramatic force here , even if the whole is a trifle long and repetitive .
A slow-burning film with echoes of Papillon in its celebration of an indomitable human spirit .
Robust acting and crisp direction eases the old-rope material through to the inevitable conflagration .
beneath the staid , ordered , colour-dulled surfaces of Marius Holst 's King of Devil 's Island lurk various forms of hypocrisy , corruption and abuse , suggesting something very rotten in the -LRB- then -RRB- state of Norway .
A grim treatise on the origins of violence , with excellent performances from the largely unknown young cast .
This may be a familiar tale - rough-around-the edges dissenter against a barbaric system - but it 's well told and the icy wastes of the island provide a chilling backdrop to the cruelty dealt out to the boys .
A bleakly beautiful , austere film that does n't patronise its audience .
Rather one-note in its bleakness , and does n't have a vast amount to say beyond ` reform school sucks ' .
It 's pleasing to see something from the Nordic countries that does n't involve police procedure and chunky jumpers .
King of Devil 's Island is poetic story of friendship and adolescence in the bleak , cold and brutal 1915 Bastoy . It 's a snow covered , potent mixture of Sleepers , Shawshank Redemption and Lord of the Flies .
The true events on which the film are based are wonderfully stranger than fiction , and by the end of the film I was deeply moved and thrilled by what I had seen .
The majority of the films running time is spent with these boys . We feel their hunger , their humiliation and the chill of the ice-bound landscape they call home . As a result King of Devil 's Island is a film set to make viewers sad and angry .
A compelling story of defiance after hypocrisy transforms discipline and order into oppression and brutality .
Honest and authentic , the filmmaker takes his subject seriously and gives us a complex and thought provoking film
Escape might be top of mind for the rebellious new recruit as he is inducted into a society intent on crushing every ounce of self-respect , but it is the relationships that evolve that become the film 's beating heart
Possibly no one else does `` grim '' with as much unsparing enthusiasm as the Scandinavians .
Skarsgard is riveting throughout as a man whose high morality is steeped in hypocrisy and whose mask of civility easily slips , when challenged , to reveal the monster beneath .
For the first half , the pacing is slow and unfocused ; the second half is more engrossing but still entirely predictable .
Cold , harsh and riveting .
-LSB- An -RSB- austere and occasionally stirring yarn .
But that familiarity aside , director Marius Holst does a splendid job of crafting a scenario and creating a world that is immediately bracing and all-encompassing .
The film plays well , and is involving , but in one form or another , this is a story often told .
`` King of Devil 's Island '' is surprisingly effective , and affecting , given the familiarity of its material .
full review at Movies for the Masses
As the stone-faced and venal governor , Skarsgard is excellent . So is Helstad as Erling , the film 's strong , if tragic hero .
A bittersweet reminder that despite the debate surrounding the easy availability of Ritalin and Adderall , we 've still come a long way from some less-enlightened methods of dealing with rebellious adolescents with attention-deficit issues .
Holst gives the proceedings a fresh look , thanks to sturdy acting , direction and cinematography .
Best of all , the movie saves the most tense action sequence for last , a chase scene that would have made D. W. Griffith proud
Not the first film ever made about a prison revolt , but one of the best I have seen in years .
Moody atmospherics enhance the conventional structure , and Holst 's solid storytelling balances the heavy-handed symbolism .
Its refusal to adopt a single point of view may be conceptually ambitious , but it keeps the drama unfocussed , and slightly off balance .
Terse and atmospheric Norwegian historical drama about an isolated home for troubled boys is effectively brooding but too formulaic when it comes to character .
Imagine a Cool Hand Luke that swaps out star-vehicle pleasures for gray Scandinavian suffering , and you 'd have something like Marius Holst 's prison drama set in 1915 Norway .
A brooding , evocative Norwegian juvie-hell drama set in 1915 ...
King of Devil 's Island hits the familiar plot points most prison films cherish -LRB- escape attempts , riots , chase sequences -RRB- , but Hoist 's keen directing abilities prove that worn-out film genres can be advanced with the right casting and setting .
An old-fashioned drama about the will of good young men triumphing over the weakness of evil old ones . We 've seen it before , but when it 's done this well that does n't seem to matter .
There 's nothing revelatory and very little surprising in this Norwegian based-on-a-true-story drama , but you 'd have to be a stone not to find it at least a little bit stirring .
Watchable if not entirely engrossing , this classically lensed tale about the misuse of power offers sweeping panoramas , stunning snowy landscapes , stock character types and a creakily generic narrative .



@highlight

Scandinavian in the most bleakly satisfying way , King of Devil 's Island satisfies with a richly layered narrative and a typically strong performance from Stellan Skarsgard .