The insightful and cracklingly funny story is an antidote to Hannah Montana and the shallow Hollywood teenagers on the Disney Channel , obsessed by their French manicures .
The film becomes a funny and amiable chronicle of female friendship , capturing the wide range of emotions from sky-highs to world-ending lows , from trust to betrayal and the inevitable making-up .
-LSB- We are the Best -RSB- is a warm , spirited and uplifting film about teen rebellion .
What makes -LSB- We Are the Best ! -RSB- so wonderful , is that these girls are very much their own people : tough to categorize , unlike anyone you 've seen on-screen before , but completely recognizable .
Hilarious , touching , and thought provoking , this is a joyous celebration of punk music , female friendship , and , most of all , 13-year-old girls .
We Are the Best ! wins its audience over fairly quickly with its chaotic and energetic spirit .
Moodysson gives his characters the perfect mix of love , protection , and freedom
For all their moodiness and irascibility , the girls come across as warm and believable , and there are funny moments when they take to the streets to raise money for a new guitar .
The music here is really just a Macguffin , a way into Moodyson 's real subject : the complex and often unequal dynamics of adolescent friendships .
Watching We Are the Best ! is a genuinely positive experience , one that leaves you smiling inside and out even days later as you think back not only on scenes from the film but also to memories of your own life .
The beautifully authentic performances by the three bandmates capture that brief life moment when nearly everything can feel like a scary , joyous act of rebellion .
A pallid and terminally cutesy movie that succeeds by stoking blandly happy feelings .
It 's a film for seeing familiar things being done well , not for being surprised or challenged .
The pic has a blast poking fun at society , and in a crude way siding with the rebels .
The three girls are full of life . They have a lot of fun just being kids . They are excited about their potential and their possibilities . This movie is a tribute to the spirit and optimism of youth .
We Are The Best ! is a delightful film about the friendship between its three young protagonists , set to an amusing and convincing punk music backdrop . I spent half the running time with a grin on my face .
But this is not a movie about kids learning the value of intense practice and dedication . Instead , it 's a movie about the major and minor tumults of growing up .
We Are the Best ! is as unique as chips and chocolate . It 's also as universal as cosmic pubescence .
A proudly feminist middle finger to conformity , and a celebration of youthful rebellion .
`` We Are the Best ! '' captures the chaos of youth with a funny and profane energy .
In its evocation of the early '80s Stockholm middle-school girl punk rock scene , `` We Are The Best ! '' could hardly be more specific . But in its depiction of the joys and sorrows of adolescence , it could hardly be more universal .
Moodysson has brought these non-conformists delightfully , sensitively to life with design and cinematography reflecting the recently departed 70 's .
The young actresses are just flawless and I think Lukas Moodysson really tells this story well .
Full of adolescent energy -- vibrant , untethered , and kind of bonkers -- the new movie from Swedish director Lukas Moodysson is a gentler version of childhood than he 's recently favoured .
The performances of all three young actors are superb , soulful , honest and full of joy . Their dialogue is often ridiculously funny and there 's no sense of manufactured drama .
So far this year , one of the most warmly inspiring films ... sheer smile-on-your-dial factor . Moodysson absolutely knows what he 's doing ... becomes funnier and funnier .
Captures the dynamics of adolescent friendship to perfection . Funny and full of bluster , it 's an exuberant tribute to punk rock spirit , and to the experience of being thirteen .
Impeccably , nay astonishingly , performed by Mira Barkhammar , Mira Grosin and Liv LeMoyne , the film sweeps us into their world
Propelled by its energy and sheer enthusiasm , Lucas Moodysson 's film about a would-be teenage punk band is a vibrant shot in the arm . Moodysson captures all the unbridled spirit , optimism and chutzpah of youth and tosses it into the air for us to catch
An unexpected charmer about friendship , identity and the liberating power of making a racket .
It may not be very punk , but these girls just want to have fun . And , crucially , Moodysson is having a good time too ; there 's joy in every frame .
We Are the Best ! is the rare film about childhood friendship that seems to take place inside the world of children , not filtered through an adult scrim of nostalgia .
The great charm of Lukas Moodysson 's We Are the Best ! lies in its total lack of pretension and adult editorializing .
The spirit of genial youthful rebelliousness has seldom been expressed with such effortless glee .
The whole thing is very smart and sweet , as are the performances .
As played by three sparkling newcomers -LRB- Mira Barkhammar , Mira Grosin and Liv LeMoyne -RRB- in scenes that rely heavily on improvisation , they burst with a vitality that ca n't be faked -- only allowed , encouraged and lovingly savored .
Relentlessly upbeat ... Captures the peripatetic energy of youth .
We Are the Best ! seems like -LSB- Moodysson 's -RSB- clearest vision to date .
This is a knowing film , and a liberating one .
The young actresses are flawless , and their ear-banging music , which remains awful throughout the film , is nonetheless full of static electricity .
Although the movie often goes cross-eyed trying to figure out how to slip out of scenes , it retains joy and a rich sense of curiosity , brought to life through three terrific lead performances .
The teenage actors nail their natural , giddy-sad coming-of-age performances and Moodyson flavors the film with fine direction of its young stars .
Director Moodysson revels in the way his young cast alternate between being children and adults , back and forth like a lenticular image . The film is irresistible -- conveying the pleasures of being a spiky nuisance in a maddeningly calm society .
Three girls , three chords in three acts , that 's ` We Are the Best , ' an invigorating coming-of-age comedy perfectly capturing the electrifying jolt punk rock instills in teens looking to expel their anger and frustration .
A note-perfect coming-of-age story masquerading as a Behind the Music documentary
Hate sport ! Moodysson 's 1980s middle school punks are the perfect alternative to Godzilla and Tom Cruise .
`` We Are the Best ! '' should bring a smile to the face of anybody , regardless of gender , who recognizes themselves even a little in these savvy , indomitable characters .
-LSB- Moodysson -RSB- captures the crushing urgency and emotional craziness of youth . It 's not blood that flows through these girls ' veins , it 's nitroglycerin .
`` We Are the Best ! '' is a messy , congenial empowerment story that knows how aggravating adolescence can be when you refuse to fit in .
It 's a title that makes quite a statement . Few viewers will be inclined to argue .
Sweet-spirited and sometimes meandering but always working in the service of its young protagonists ' perspective .
Moodysson 's gift for lifelike misfit ennui here seems exalted by specific inspiration .
A coming of age frolic with lessons for all ages .
The youngsters playing Bobo and Klara have a lot of energy and presence on the screen .
It 's impossible not to root for these appealing if flawed youngsters .
The longer we spend with these three middle-school outcasts , the more we care about them .
We are the Best ! is hardly the best , but these girls just might be .
We Are The Best is , well , one of the best and without giving anything away , I can assure you that its grand finale is as wonderfully satisfying as any ending that I have seen in a long time .
There are sweet moments and Grosin 's dynamic performance percolates , but `` We Are the Best ! '' is more tedious than anarchic .
There just are n't enough films about teen-age girl punk bands made by left-wing feminist Swedish Christian males .
We Are the Best ! is an infectiously funny coming-of-age story , led by three invigorating , nuanced performances from its young cast .
The unpatronizing way their growing pains are portrayed , while not ever losing a sense of perspective and humor is a key element of what makes the film so beguiling ...
Sometimes too faithful to teenage aimlessness , We Are the Best ! can be shapeless and uneventful . But the movie often jolts to life , whether with outbursts of hostility or moments of gleeful female bonding .
Warm , joyous , and excellent , Lukas Moodysson 's We Are the Best ! is an honest and refreshing celebration of young girls ' friendship , with a few playful punk punches thrown in .
One of the funniest and happiest movies I 've ever seen about early adolescent girls and their wayward , fitful joyousness .
Coco Moodysson 's script captures the banal flow of events with just the right mix of humour and pathos , while director Lukas Moodysson 's straightforward , un-garnished direction gives this period '80s movie the right overall tone .
The movie is refreshingly sensitive to gender , but also transcends it . What unites the three clashing heroines is their resistance to conventional cliques and schoolhouse conformity . In more ways than one , they 're a band of outsiders .
When the girls chant the film 's titular mantra , not only do we feel like it 's true , we feel we 've earned the right to chant along .
The film 's winsome , self-satisfied comedy will no doubt appeal more to viewers who prize juvenile hi-jinks over the cultural moment it depicts .
Audiences can be pleased to find a story in which its young female characters are n't victims , or even pretty little liars , but just friends . And good ones , at that .
There are movies with much bigger budgets slamming into theaters , but I 'll be you wo n't see one with more honest exuberance or spot on charm than this one .
If ever a movie earned the exclamation point in its title , it 's Lukas Moodysson 's `` We Are the Best ! ''
We Are the Best ! scrapes , if sometimes a little lazily , for its spiky heroines to be appreciated on their own terms , half-understood though they might be .
Tests of friendship , boy troubles and a climactic show at a rival community centre ensue . And though the story meanders , Moodysson wins us over by capturing the restlessness , confusion and excitement of being young and finding your voice .
We are the Best ! is smart , funny and real , an honest peek into the secret lives of girls .
What we have here is an exhilarating blast of a movie , full of heart but still punk rock ... We Are the Best ! is loud , crude , socially irresponsible and totally irresistible .
Despite the unruly music at its center , the filmmaker has crafted a uniformly gentle ode to growing up .
It 's a being-of-age story , in Swedish with English subtitles , the age being early adolescence , when kids with throbbing hearts and incompletely wired brains are full of passion and blithe illogic .
Swedish auteur Lukas Moodysson returns to his roots here with a charming coming-of-age drama .
Sweet and rambunctious ...
The film 's surface is as spiky as its protagonists ' hair and wardrobe , but the overall effect can only be described as downright endearing .
You do n't have to like punk rock to fall in love with We Are the Best ! ; if a more joyous film comes along in 2014 , then it 's a good year indeed .
No film I 've seen so far this year has provided the sheer moviegoing pleasure of `` We Are the Best ! ''
It portrays the kind of rush of unfettered , probably crap inspiration that one relishes before self-criticism and self-doubt kicks in .
-LSB- ... -RSB- We Are The Best ! captures both the spirit of the early 1980s and the way pre-teens and teens have their own ideas of what 's important .
So add We Are the Best ! to the growing canon of excellent girl-band movies ... And in this film , being in a band is a way to find yourself .
Exclamation points seem entirely apropos : it 's the best !
A classic coming-of-age story that embraces the messiness and stubbornness of adolescence , delivering a drama that is alive with attitude , humor and heart .
The movie has the confidence of an artist who 's survived some wild years himself , experimenting with style and dispassion and realizing that sweet abandon is more than enough .
A charming delight that 's going to leave you wanting to form your own punk band on leaving the theater .
We Are the Best ! captures perfectly the aimlessness of adolescence , the waiting to become something that 's so often intertwined with the desire to make something , to leave your mark on the world in some small way .
Funny and frank in its observations , the film is a delightful snapshot of female friendship at that age , from the giddy highs to the melancholy funks , from the sustaining bonds to the jealousies and stinging betrayals .
Lukas Moodysson 's film allows its trio of girls to express themselves through gender , certainly , but not undermine their desire to be heard as artists first .
Punk has never been so adorably , girl or Swedish
Three female teenagers trying to stick together in a world that is stacked against them in Stockholm , circa 1982 .
Era-specific but never nostalgic , tender but never sentimental , We Are the Best ! , like all good films about teenage girls , finely illuminates the emotional extremes of this tumultuous development stage .
With fantastic performances by the three leads -LRB- only one of whom is a professional actor -RRB- , the film fluidly alternates between the messiness and warmth of female friendship .
A look at three middle-school aged kids ostracized by their peers for being non-conforming , punk band aspirants . Well acted by the young trio but they are simply not interesting enough to rivet my attention .
Punk rock has never been this bubbly on screen , but that 's what happens when you cast three actresses with infectiously effervescent personalities and deep-rooted chemistry .
This has the feel-good factor of Anvil ! meets The Goonies . See it .
Swedish filmmaker Lukas Moodysson returns to the improv-style charms of his earlier films -LRB- like Together and Show Me Love -RRB- , a welcome break from his more recent grim experimental dramas -LRB- see Mammoth or Lilya 4-ever -RRB- .
Performances from the central players are uniformly remarkable and help distract from a slightly disjointed , episodic structure . Content is fairly lightweight and the movie runs out of road towards the conclusion , but it is fun while it lasts .
It offers arguments for rebellion and for creative aggression . It sparkles with the unpredictability of youth .
You 'd have to have a heart of Arctic ice to finish the film not smiling with joy .
If this film were a pair of knickers , they 'd be the kind of knickers you 'd think twice about hanging on the line .
Utterly charming , fresh and funny , We Are The Best perfectly captures what it feels like to be young and misunderstood .
We Are the Best ! is a low-key pleasure . It is perhaps not a project that tests Moodysson as a director but it resoundingly shows his brilliance at directing young performers .
What makes it so special is its mix of barbed humour , tenderness and its Adrian Mole-like insights into what teenage years are really like .
Extracting naturalistic performances from all his young stars , Moodysson seems to revel in these spirited characters . And you should too . It 's a delight from start to finish .
A joyful bubble you 'll want to re-enter .
There is a Bugsy Malone feel to We Are the Best ! , a spectacle of children playing at being adults , and doing it inevitably badly . But not as badly as the actual grownups .
There may not be a great deal to the film other than a little slice of time , but it 's bloody delightful - a warm , spiky hug .
At 45 , Moodysson is working completely without pessimism or sentimentality .
Lukas Moodysson scores a crowd-pleaser after a few years in the wilderness with this return to the tender , bittersweet nostalgia of the rep-making Together .
A very welcome return from Moodysson . The music is Wyld Stallions-grade , but the charm and spirit of the three girls will have you moshing in your seat .
Delightful , uplifting Swedish comedy that marks a long-awaited return to the form ... for writer-director Lukas Moodysson , thanks to a warm-hearted , witty script and a trio of terrific performances from its three young leads .
The heightened emotions and off-kilter logic of childhood feels totally lived in . It 's funny and sometimes beautiful to see .
Smartly told , it 's a quiet riot .
An exuberant rock 'n' roll comedy in which three of the most memorable movie teens ever embrace their adolescent angst and give it screaming voice .
A gift for the blurry-eyed filmgoer
Moodysson 's charming and winning journey into adulthood , accompanied by a music style that encourages a venting of mixed emotions ...
WE ARE THE BEST ! charts this troubled yet exhilarating period of transformation in a trio of 12-year-old girls , while milking the social and historical particularities of the setting - Sweden , 1982 - for all their nostalgic worth .
A joyous celebration of youth , friendship and rebellion
Sly , fun and irresistible .
Lukas Moodysson makes a sweet , spirited return to form with this utterly delightful evocation of early teenage life .

@highlight

Sweet , empathetic , and shot through with a palpable joy , We Are the Best ! offers a tender tribute to the bittersweet tumult of adolescence .