In HBO 's Nightingale , David Oyelowo gives the best performance of his career as Peter Snowden , a man quickly and violently descending into madness .
As much as the claustrophobia of watching him alone spinning his wheels reinforces the idea of a man trapped , the story soon runs out of momentum .
It 's a film that burrows into an unstable psyche , and nestles there uncomfortably .
An audacious one-man show-a series of deluded , sometimes charming , often tragic , occasionally frightening monologues delivered by a troubled veteran clearly in the midst of a dissociative crisis .
The film is phenomenally acted , but rarely makes much use of the power of cinema , instead using a device associated more with theater-the one-set location , with a one-man cast .
The careful layering of the experiences and emotions that influence Peter 's choices , along with expert massaging of the tension that exists from the start , make Nightingale a sad but satisfying film .
`` Nightingale '' is overshot to appear more cinematic and underwritten to avoid pomposity , and that 's okay . Both decisions are just that : choices to serve the character . Peter would be pleased with how his little film turned out .
It 's a performance that gets the writhing interplay of transparency and opacity in a character who has gone beyond the deep end of unhinged narcissism and self-dramatization .
Nightingale is really about David Oyelowo , a magnificent actor with astonishing range who draws viewers deep down into the darkness with his character .
A single-character film rests squarely on the shoulders of the actor , and Oyelowo turns in a breathtaking , visceral performance made more impressive by the strenuousness of the role .
It 's a gutsy piece of work , leaving the audience to contemplate the details once it 's all over .
Everything about Nightingale is richly expressive and chillingly effective .
David Oyelowo the sole actor , but by most accounts pulls if off .
A deep plunge into the mind of a troubled man , Nightingale may be too sad and disturbing for the average viewer , but a strong performance by David Oyewolo and some clever storytelling techniques hold and reward our attention .
Peter is pitched as an Everyman in extremis . He 's not , of course ; he 's a psychopath . That Oyelowo can make both seem true is what makes Nightingale dazzle . Which is not the same thing as shine but , still , something to see .
David Oyelowo delivers an unnerving and unforgettable performance in this nail-biter of a one-man-show .
Nightingale rages on at times with no real direction . At others , it hits us over the head with pretentious symbolism . Oyelowo 's inspired performance keeps it afloat .
Mr. Oyelowo gives a riveting , disorienting and suspenseful tour of an unraveling mind . The music and cinematography are artful , but the props are mundane : a coffee maker , a mirror , a laptop . Everything is in Mr. Oyelowo 's voice , face and body .
I did n't know who Peter was when the movie ended , and I was n't sure Oyelowo knew , either .
Oyelowo 's virtuosic exploration of a sad , broken man in the midst of a breakdown holds our attention .
Nightingale is first an intellectualized puzzle , and a portrait of a man losing his mind a very distant second .

@highlight

Nightingale serves up a breathtaking solo performance by David Oyelowo in a film served well by its modest cinematic style .