... manages to overcome the entirely underwhelming nature of its first act .
Heartwarming-but-trite drama for baseball fans .
Most of the townspeople are archetypes . In fact , you get the feeling the town is populated by character actors and not real people .
An exciting family picture , worthy of viewing , if only for the warm-fuzzy feeling .
... strictly pro forma .
It never hits a home run . But `` Final Season , '' an adequate movie about an above-average baseball team , is n't a loser , either .
Other than what happens on the playing field in ` The Final Season , ' there 's not much else going on .
Inspirational but overly cliched with its pseudo-earnestness ... In short , this heartland-based hokum about a high school baseball team is definitely corn off the cob .
The tagline should be changed from How Do You Want To Be Remembered , to How Do You Want To Be Forgotten ? You will find yourself forgetting too !
Stereotypes are meant to exalt small-town values , but The Final Season is proof that it 's hard to paint masterpiece in broad strokes .
It moves along at a brisk pace , the ball games are skillfully done and its point about the need for local decisions -- like the closing a school -- to be made at the local level is a point well made .
Ever notice that sports movies that mean to inspire us with the message that winning is n't everything almost always end up with a victory ?
Perhaps if Disney had gotten their hands on it , The Final Season would have gotten the spitball polish it needs .
Why is it enjoyable to watch sporting events depicted when we know how the games will end -- how they have to end ? Where does the tension come from ? Why do we care when we know already ?
So relentlessly earnest and maudlin it makes Hoosiers look like a Martin Scorsese film , The Final Season is the latest and worst sports-themed underdog story to get the big screen treatment .
For once , here 's a sports movie that does n't feature players who are expected to lose .
Belying the claim there 's no longer any truth in advertising , The Final Season is exactly the formulaic , by-the-numbers movie it appears to be . These Tigers deserved better .
Remarkably , the movie rights itself once the actual season begins , focusing on game strategy more than the usual heart-stopping pep talks .
The US corn surplus is in no way eased by The Final Season , an Iowa high school baseball saga that goes heavy on the inspiration , sports-movie cliches , and high-fructose syrup .
Kind of Hoosiers : Part 2 . But the storytelling is so backassward that it 's impossible to care about any of the characters or really engage in the movie whatsoever .
How could you not give 3 cheers for the farm boys who make good ... and how could we not give this movie a recommend , even if it does stray too much off the diamond .
Has nostalgic charms and heartfelt victories .
This hackneyed drama wrests from Field of Dreams the trophy for most syrupy Iowa-centric baseball movie of all time .
Even though they were going for a delicious treat , the ingredients of poor acting , disastrous dialogue and bad casting made this a meal that needs to be skipped .
Unabashedly builds on stock sports movies of the past -LRB- the tagline could have been Friday Night Lights meets Field of Dreams -RRB- and follows formulas to an almost comical degree .
A sports movie hodgepodge , neither inspiring nor competent .
By making the film so obvious , in an attempt to violently extract the elementary points of joy out of the story , Final Season stumbles aimlessly instead of storming the emotional receptors like its great baseball cinema brethren .
Despite its small size , Norway Iowa is large enough to contain every stereotype known to man .
The Final Season is as corny as an Iowa farm field , but as the World Series rolls around , fans of the sport might want to check out this tried-and-true tale of overcoming adversity , beating the odds and banding together for a righteous cause .
... the small-town sentimentalism is poured on like syrup over griddlecakes .
Fresh-faced and plain-spoken , it finds its way into your heart with a quiet sincerity that 's as refreshing and satisfying as a good , farmhouse-cooked meal .
Practically bursts at the seams with the same stock characters and cliches you 've seen in countless other Inspiring Sports Dramas .
It takes forever for the film to even get to the start of the baseball season . But once it does , it 's pretty engaging .
In The Final Season , high school baseball gives a small town its pride and identity . And quells teenage rebellion . And helps foster two separate romances . And cures cancer .
Characters speak in dime-store odes to the sacred game of baseball . The emotions are of the maudlin , heart-on-your-sleeve variety . The music score swells even when the scene does n't call for it . The climax is set at the big game . You get the picture .
Sports more baseball clichés than Scarface had swearwords .
As corny as Iowa and as predictable as an intentional walk .
The film 's climactic baseball game does crackle with nail-biting energy , but the 90-minute lead-up is full of hokey sentiment and unearned gushiness .
Though a nice change of pace from the usual sports flick 's incessant rah-rah sentimentality , Evans and his film forget that you ca n't win too many games if you do n't occasionally swing for the fences .
Star and executive producer Sean Astin must have hoped for another Rudy with this based-on-a-true-story sports picture , but The Final Season is actually an impassioned plea against school consolidation .
If clichés were pies , The Final Season would be Baker 's Square .
It 's funny how almost every sports film based on a true story is based on the same story .
Imagine the largest number of cliches one could cram into a single sports movie , double it , and you 'll have The Final Season...well-meaning but hopelessly corny .
Sports movies have become so generic and so common that it takes something unusual or affecting to spark an audience . The Final Season has neither .
Director David M. Evans generates nerve-racking suspense , but the idyllic shots of farm-fueled small towns as the utopia of the American heartland are just a John Mellencamp song away from being a political ad .
While obviously important to those who made the film , -LSB- it -RSB- probably wo n't hold that much interest to anyone not directly involved with the story .
Poor writing , an indifferent production and sincere but often wooden acting make Season one big strikeout .
There 's not quite as much corn in The Final Season as there is in the Iowa farm fields that run through it , but it 's close .



@highlight

The Final Season recycles clichés we 've seen in countless other sports movies , making for an unoriginal and uninspiring addition to the genre .