If Victor Frankenstein considers his creature an abomination , and he traditionally does , then everyone involved in I , Frankenstein should take a leaf out of his book .
So jump on the back of the nearest flying Gargoyle and float to your local movie theater - hopefully at midnight - to enjoy the most irresistible techno-goth , emo-monster extravaganza that 's come out in quite a while .
Visually spectacular with a first-rate cast , I , Frankenstein is hampered by a predictable script .
The film is more of a generic action-fantasy based on a graphic novel , rather than the book by Mary Shelley , so do n't expect it to be emotionally moving .
The monster might live , but unfortunately it gets lost within all the chaos surrounding him .
Stabbing along at a plodding 90 minutes , I , Frankenstein is toothless and dull , with no fun to be found , a PG-rated Saturday morning cartoon at best . Keep swinging , Eckhart .
Writer-director Stuart Beattie and his cast and crew tear into their bad idea with vigor .
Whether in 2D or 3D , it does not have enough of a plot to intrigue or the character development to keep your attention off the clichés , derivative designs and that there is way too much CGI .
The effects are poor , the dialogue is laughable , and despite Aaron Eckhart 's valiant efforts , the whole thing feels like a cheesy TV movie .
Here 's hoping there 's no follow-up to the amazingly dull adventures of Frankenstein 's Monster .
It takes less than four minutes to realise that this Underworld-style , graphic novel adaptation wo n't keep anyone in the audience sitting bolt upright for long .
Humanity 's fate hangs in the balance , but it 's hard to work up much excitement for the routine CGI-boosted battles between good and evil forces , or for the less than sparky rapport between Eckhart 's Monster and Strahovski 's lissome blonde scientist .
I , Frankenstein leaves itself open to be franchised , but the chances of that happening are equal to Eckhart putting this film at the top of his resume .
Even the title card is garish
Even the most avid action junkies would have a hard time not rolling their eyes at the blandness of it all .
If a worse studio film comes out this year , we 're in deep trouble , people . This film is so bad it will hurt your brain . And even if you leave your brain at home , your spinal column will still object ... -LSB- a -RSB- godawful , lame-brained mess of a movie .
I , Frankenstein , with its monster reinvented as a superhero , is a fairly predictable action movie . Shelley would not have approved .
Only in occasional , uncanny moments - when someone uses an iPhone , or gets off a tram - does this world appear to intersect in any way with our own .
Mary Shelley 's words come to mind : `` Oh , why did you create me ! ''
It is disappointing and you look at all the talent that 's gone into it . I was really underwhelmed by Strahovski 's performance , I must say .
The numerous battles are confusingly handled and the actors are n't given many opportunities given the dialogue they 're forced to speak .
Devoid of any appeal that is n't concentrated around star Aaron Eckhart 's impeccably-sculpted muscles , this effects-laden lump of cinematic coal is as nonsensical and ill-conceived as it is boring .
An animated corpse of a film about a reanimated one .
There are a lot of people local and abroad responsible for this dismal film .
The last thing this film wants to do is make a believable world .
Ay-yi-yi , Frankenstein .
Aaron Eckhart tries his best but he ca n't breathe life into this monster of a movie .
I , Frankenstein does n't have much of a brain and is completely missing a funny bone .
Big laughs are guaranteed here - though only at the expense of what 's the first Best Worst Film of 2014 .
I , Frankenstein looks suspiciously like it was conceived more as a ready-made franchise property than as a strong individual story .
No creator 's spark of inspired lunacy arrives to bring this dead hunk of commercial clichés alive .
The film is n't campy enough to be fun or smart enough to be good , but it passes by quickly and without doing any serious harm to the viewer .
The garbled goblin gobbledygook recycles tired riffs from Underworld and Van Helsing as the beast is torn between angels and demons - in rubbish 3D !
He 's alive ! But you might wish he was n't after seeing this knuckle-headed fantasy .
This movie is a corpse in desperate need of reanimation .
Was it pure luck that randomly stitching together a dozen strangers gives you the perfect likeness of Aaron Eckhart ?
Ugly and miserable in the most generic way possible , amusing only in flashes , usually because of Eckhart 's `` kids roleplaying in the backyard '' performance style .
Eckhart can act - as he proved in Thank You For Smoking , The Dark Knight and The Rum Diary - but he has little to work with here .
The final insult is saved for the end credits : ` Special Thanks to Mary Shelley . '
I , Frankenstein may be destined to become a late-night camp-fest in dorm rooms across the country . It will not , however , ever be defended as good .
It 's alive ! In a technical sense : images flicker on the screen , etc. . But it is a soulless , unholy monstrosity . Behold : the movie without a protagonist !
Such mind-numbing drivel - Mary Shelley must be spinning in her grave !
Aaron Eckhart plays the thoroughly modern monster , caught up in a battle between good and evil that threatens all mankind . Somehow he finds time for romance .
Even with its relentlessly cliched production design -LRB- trenchcoats and flickering candles galore -RRB- , this raucous gothic thriller deploys enough visual flash to hold our attention .
If a worse film than I , Frankenstein crawls from the murk in 2014 , then it should be stuffed and mounted .
One more run around that boringly realised , CGI-reliant , blue-grey netherverse that takes enduring fantasy creations as the basis for barely functioning multiplex-filler .
Stuff like this should not be allowed to happen . There should be laws protecting the innocent .
A special-effects monster movie that 's a deliriously loopy combination of the Underworld films , the Highlander franchise , and a brick of Swiss cheese .
The only exception to the film 's tone comes , not surprisingly , from Nighy , who artfully dredges up a miniscule portion of fun from the otherwise unfun proceedings .
This novel premise quickly gives way to lots of chaotic action , though there are numerous incidental pleasures throughout .
Dreadful fantasy thriller that 's let down by a derivative , badly written script , dodgy special effects , poor pacing , dismal dialogue and a dull central performance from Eckhart .
Ultimately , it 's a monster movie that 's the sum of less than its parts .
Any way you slice it , I , Frankenstein is quite a few stitches shy of the classic monster .
like watching inertia become entropy , though even that description makes it sound more interesting than it is
It 's no fun . Everyone takes this way too seriously .
What the film does n't have is a sense of humor .
The special effects are pretty good and the fight scenes are adequate . But the film loses steam in the fourth act ...
Stitches up Aaron Eckhart 's chiseled face like a baseball cover , sticks him in a hoodie , and promptly crashes , thanks to a complete inability to resist awful , overdone dialogue and faux-lofty exposition .
Awful ... but under the night sky at an old-school drive-in - or with the appropriate spirit in tow - that awful can be a lot more fun than a good number of its betters .
Like watching someone else play a bad videogame .
Frankly quite silly , `` I , Frankenstein '' parades its grim atmosphere as a badge of coolness , apparently unaware how little fun there is in this dull corpse of a film .
Aaron 's Eckhart 's solid performance ca n't make up for this feature 's rotten script and its by-the-books third act .
I , Frankenstein is n't a masterpiece , but it is a fast-paced and slickly made film that holds your attention .
If you 've never seen a `` Frankenstein '' film before , stick with the classics and pretend this one stayed as a graphic novel .
The film goes from bad to hilarious in a few spots , but for the most part it 's just loud and plodding .
Poor Mary Shelley must be rolling in her grave .
If the film is made with the understanding that campiness needs to be straight-faced to be funny , then are its `` unintentional '' laughs really that unintentional ?
There are some clean , comic-book compositions and neat architectural interlacing , but the blinkered screenplay and indifferent performances fail to lift the eschatology and self-searching off the page .
Style over substance , I , Frankenstein establishes an interesting sandbox - one that , given a stronger story and more developed characters , might be worth revisiting .
The film indeed plays out like it was made by 8-year-olds with Hollywood money . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
It sews together disparate story concepts from three or four different genres and tries to bring it to life . Yet like the Frankenstein monster , it is an abomination .
Pretty much a mess ... truly a terrible movie .
Now I know what it feels like to be nodding off .
Eckhart plays Frankenstein 's monster in a monotonous , teeth-gritting mode , as if someone had one gun on him and another on his family .
Just because he 's the end product of a mad scientist experiment , built with the remains of dead bodies , does n't mean he can skimp on the abdominal crunches .
I , Frankenstein is like the worst piece of Mary Shelley fan fiction written by the guy behind the counter at your local Hot Topic .
Beattie 's film eschews the natural intrigue of the original mythology to pump it full of steroids and Hot Topic-style cool , adding an epic conflict between gargoyles and demons which showcases an excess of thought , and yet a shocking lack of brains .
Yvonne Strahovski makes for one of the least believable big screen scientists since Denise Richards ' infamous turn as Dr. Christmas Jones .
I checked my brain out , and gasp , got some entertainment value from the film . The special effects , fight choreography , and production design are actually pretty good .
Incoherent , ugly and lacking in any kind of flash or dazzle .
Mainly notable for the fact that its titular character , as played by Aaron Eckhart , is really , really ripped . If People magazine had existed in the 19th century , he surely would have been feted as the sexiest undead man alive .
An experience that will let you imagine yourself to be in the middle of a chaotic video game .
I , Frankenstein delivers what it promises , but focusing solely on mass destruction and shapeshifting gargoyles leaves little time to develop Adam as a rich , full character - that 's what sequels are for , right ?
An I , Failure .
Eckhart and Otto are Olympic weightlifters of the acting profession , clean-and-jerking half-ton lines , keeping straight faces , nearly prolapsing their thespian intestines .
It does n't come close to working , but it 's sweet that they tried .
The kind of awful movie that gives awful movies a bad name .
The worst kind of bad movie -- it does n't even offer the pleasure of simple , idiot fun .
A grievously ill-advised motion picture on every level ...
The real man-made monster in I , Frankenstein is the film itself , a ridiculous good-versus-evil story enrobed in a pastiche of religious symbolism and stodgy mythology and set in a world created in a computer special effects lab .
I , Frankenstein ? More like Oy , Frakenstein .
Long on talk and incoherent action , devoid of humor , this listless supernatural actioner surely has Mary Shelley turning in her grave .
`` I , Frankenstein '' is n't the monstrosity we 'd feared . But it 's still not good .
Mary Shelley , this is not . `` I , Frankenstein '' is a bland mess of a film with nothing going on upstairs and not a thing to separate it from the wave of dreary , likeminded sci-fi/action exercises .
I , Frankenstein is n't just a bad movie -- it is an abysmally awful one . Someone in production should have realized it did n't work in the script phase and put a stop to it before it went this far .
`` I , Frankenstein , '' you bored ... `` Blade '' in a blender

@highlight

Loud , incoherent , and dramatically listless , I , Frankenstein is a remarkably dull fantasy adventure that fails to generate much excitement or interest in its characters .