Like previous robot hitman films , this one also sucks .
Hitman : Agent 47 feels like the result of giving a 12-year-old a chance at directing a Hollywood action film
The finished movie feels like something an angry teenaged boy would make if he had a budget and access to talent .
So here we have another video game adaptation that critics will largely dismiss and audiences will mostly ignore .
Overall though , this is a film to be taken with a pinch of salt . There 's a certain sense of enjoyment to be found in the hyper-action of Hitman : Agent 47 , but absolutely nothing to chew on or take away .
Rupert Friend plays an assassin even deadlier than Homeland 's Peter Quinn ... But his very indestructibility means the story 's formulaic action never gets particularly gripping .
The plot is generic in the extreme and the dialogue and acting barely disguises the fact that it 's really just a series of not very exciting set-pieces strung together .
Unfortunately , while Hitman : Agent 47 may offer a passable diversion for the action fans among us , for everyone else it 's best avoided .
Hitman : Agent 47 does deliver sleek production values and a stand-out performance from Hannah Ware ... Other than that , it 's a nonsensical story that feels as if it was written by a 10-year-old who plays too many video games .
Where HItman was happy to be derivative of the genre movies that inspired the game , Agent 47 takes those inspirations and pushes them to gleefully insane degrees .
By the final frame you 'll be grateful it 's game over .
The seduction is his perfection , his ability to function without the clutter of emotion ... It 's why we buy magazines like Real Simple and watch Hoarders : so we can imagine , for one moment , that we 're capable of overcoming our human flaws and messy house .
-LSB- A -RSB- slick , efficient and utterly banal piece of global cinema product .
In Hitman : Agent 47 , Bach does n't really offer anything . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Works pretty well as unintentional amusement whenever it goes completely insane . Unfortunately , it 's mostly just inane , and that 's not much fun .
The movie is garbage , somehow simultaneously boring and irritating .
It 's really more of a miss than a hit , man .
The action is slick and indeed , very stylish .
A good Hitman film should appeal to fans of the source material , engage thrill-seeking cineastes and , at the very least , satisfy theatregoers who want to sit in a dark room and be entertained ... On all of these counts , Agent 47 fails irredeemably .
It seems like eight short years ago I reviewed a movie called `` Hitman '' that was based on a video game . Oh , wait a minute . It was . And I did .
We 've revisited a franchise that failed to get off the ground with its preceding , 2007 endeavour - and one that could struggle to do so yet again .
So badly based on a video game that , with every new level of bland cool or serious silliness , you 'll wish Mr 47 would scissor-jump barrels to blow Donkey Kong 's brains out , or cart-chase Super Mario -- anything to make this exciting at some bullet-point .
Someone needs to put out a contract on this franchise .
The film is as soulless as Agent 47 is , conforming to all the mediocre-thriller cliches -LRB- the action zips from Salzburg to Berlin to Singapore for next to no coherent reason -RRB- with little originality .
There are few surprises and no-one really to warm to .
That none of it makes any sense is not a problem , but the failure to raise the temperature despite endless shootouts , punch-ups , car chases et al is a fatal flaw .
Some of the set-pieces -- chases through airports , fights on train tracks , car crashes or helicopters hurtling into skyscrapers -- are very niftily choreographed but you ca n't help thinking this would be more fun as an interactive game .
Even dumb SF action needs a certain grounding in plausible reality . But nothing here makes a damn bit of sense .
It 's the pasteurized , processed , individually-wrapped version of Besson-ian Eurotrash cheese .
A shallow cavalcade of action scenes that will probably leave you as cold as 47 's expressionless gaze .
What it lacks is much excitement , or any soul , and it might be the most asexual genre flick ever made .
It 's unlikely this latest instalment was made to fulfil any burning need on the part of the audience , more probably it 's a result of the lack of imagination in some sectors of the movie industry .
Resembles a uniquely boring , feature-length Audi commercial , incidentally intent on pinching ideas from the first two Terminators .
Even in this day and age , it 's quite comforting to see that goons will always politely line up to get killed .
The wait for a great video game movie goes on ... over to you , Warcraft .
The movie starts as a videogame adaptation that turns into an excuse to make something ridiculous and incomprehensible . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A good attempt to refresh the box office and bring videogames to the big screen once again . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Fans of the ancient craft of filmmaking will want to look the other way .
The director is more worried with showing explosions , high action sequences of car chases and fights than in showing us a good story . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Tedious , idiotic reboot ...
As insultingly cursory as the original , the film suffers from a fractured , sense-shorn narrative that makes huge leaps in logic and almost no attempt to address the complexities and controversies of its genetics storyline .
Worst movie of the summer ? Close .
Agent 47 does n't feel like a character who 's got what it takes to be a franchise hero - he , and the film , are lacking in personality .
Comes to life during the action scenes , if only slightly .
I think there 's just enough in this action-packed reboot to warrant the price of a cinema ticket .
Hitman : Agent 47 takes such pleasure in reveling in its own banality that it often feels like its makers pilfered $ 35 million from studio coffers merely to proudly state that they punk 'd everyone who actually wastes money to see this .
Like its title character , the film is completely devoid of emotion .
It 's NOT a hit , man . By the numbers and mindnumbingly dull action movie is a robotic as its leading man .
This is little more than a violent video game made into a movie with a ludicrous story to try to justify all the mayhem . For every person killed -LRB- in the hundreds -RRB- there is at least one plot hole ...
It resorts to merely copying numerous genre predecessors with embarrassing shamelessness .
Loud , crunchy fights , featuring lots of headshots and blood sprays , are crafted well , but the shaky-cam style robs them of impact .
Hitman : Agent 47 is a second missed opportunity to translate one of the more adaptable video games into a satisfying movie experience .
this attempt , sprung from a sloppy and puerile script , has little to recommend it , and even less to warrant the sequel it so obviously hoped to spawn .
Like its automaton killers , elicits no emotion other than confusion - not fear or laughter , nor thrill or wonder .
Both mind-numbingly simplistic yet nonsensical .
Video game-based movie is extremely bloody , uninteresting .
It 's fine for a no-expectation channel surf stop . Otherwise , let 's put this quasi-franchise out of its misery .
Hitman : Agent 47 has enjoyable action , paper-thin characters , and an incomprehensible plot . Well , one out of three ai n't bad .
Who ordered this dreck ?
Moves in chunks like a video game but clocks in at a perfect movie length of 90-minutes . Rupert Friend has enough fun with the part to warrant a positive review .
One thing 's for sure : the acting in Hitman : Agent 47 is numbing , or maybe the actors themselves were numb during filming . Everyone involved never acts above a middling octave of involvement .
Only a bare minimum of non-action scenes were included in the final cut . There 's enough here to piece together a rudimentary storyline but the details are often either confusing or nonsensical .
The friction between stateliness and lunacy is more intriguing than , say , the line-toeing mediocrity of a second-rate Marvel movie .
As such films go , it 's efficiently done juvenilia .
One can only hope that a contract has been put out on this franchise . -LRB- Full Content Review - Sex , Nudity , Violence , Profanity , etc. - for Parents available -RRB-
Plot seems to be an obstacle to whatever spectacle of clichés he is trying to provide us .
There is literally a shot of a staircase in this film that is more arresting than any of the blood-spurting injuries inflicted along the way .
Ultimately `` Hitman : Agent 47 , '' like the profession it worships , feels purely contractual .
Faceless minions on both sides of the conflict get mowed down with -LRB- surprise , surprise -RRB- the regularity of targets in a video game .
About as violent and soulless as its title suggests .
The various shootouts and chases that take place along the way are busy , noisy , and ultimately just as flat as Friend makes his tone .
Who 's human and who 's not consumes much of the running time of rote actioner Hitman : Agent 47 , which vainly attempts to revive a forgotten video-game spinoff starring Timothy Olyphant .
Dumb as dirt and just as generic , `` Hitman : Agent 47 '' trades brains for bullets and characters for windup toys .
If you strip away all the gunplay , Hitman : Agent 47 would be about 10 minutes long .
The action sequences are so slow to the point it becomes boring . A sin for the genre . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A failed script and poorly executed action sequences make for a forgettable movie . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Aleksander Bach is an excellent director ... of tv commercials . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Bach handles the project with a competent precision . The film does n't rise above the genre and the plot is muddled , but he pulls off the basic elements with a distinctly chilly European style .
What it lacks in brains , Hitman : Agent 47 attempts to make up for with action , even if not much of it is particularly memorable .
`` Hitman : Agent 47 '' is a by-the-numbers schlock action sequel that writes its own epitaph when a character mutters the dusty insult , `` You 're dead , too . You just do n't know it yet . ''
Was n't Hitman just a post-Matrix drip anyways ? Like , are teenagers still enraptured by jet-black attire , cyber-punk imagery , and slow-mo gunplay ?
We do n't attend something like Hitman : Agent 47 looking for gritty realism , but what we DO expect is an entertaining and reasonably clever thrill ride . No such luck .
Hitman : Agent 47 is a film that bears nothing but a passing resemblance to the game that spawned it , but that should n't surprise anyone , as it 's all just a cash grab , anyway .
-LSB- A -RSB- soulless actioner .
You do n't even have to be familiar with the first movie made from the Hitman title -LRB- or even remember that there was one -RRB- to judge this reboot
When your movie is about a guy who can take out an entire room of thugs without breaking stride , it sure would be nice to actually see it .
On the surface - and that 's all there is - it seems as pointless and gassy as a `` Matrix '' sequel .
Friend cuts a striking , slender action figure , but lacks the resonant vocal qualities and sheer gravitas to carry off a character as formidable and menacing as Agent 47 .
If you want an hour & forty-five minutes of stylish action & fun chases , & go in expecting a straightforward but entertaining story ... you 'll get what you want ...
The film was shot on location in Berlin and Singapore , and Friend is out-acted by the gorgeous scenery .
Is 47 the good guy ? That 's unclear . This leaves little reasons to root for him - other than his super-chill demeanor , his ability to use two guns at once and his impeccably defined cheekbones .
All of its materials feel utterly and depressingly synthetic , right down to the most basic ingredients of almost any violent B-grade action movie : cars , blood , and fire , which all get the bad-CGI treatment .
A decidedly more plasticized version of the same old story , replacing previous star Timothy Olyphant with Rupert Friend , though I doubt anyone will notice .
`` Hitman : Agent 47 '' is aggressively awful , the kind of film that rubs its lackadaisical screenwriting , dull filmmaking and boring characters in your face , almost daring you to ask the theater operator for your money back .
It 's so coldblooded , it 's practically reptilian .
Like too many video game movies it comes across like a facsimile of a facsimile , a blurry reenactment of a knockoff .
Hitman : Agent 47 is sometimes as handsome as its title character , but nowhere near as capable .
All three actors deliver their roles with palpable conviction , which resonates loudly in a film which is a hollow drum .
The movie is profoundly dumb .
Amidst a barrage of cringe-worthy dialogue , incomprehensible action set pieces , and incoherent dramatic turns , I started thinking , `` Surely , somebody could have done better than this . ''
`` A muddled mess that is briefly lifted by some fun set pieces , but never is more impressive than a 108-minute Audi commercial . ''
Unfortunately , Hitman : Agent 47 leans on another familiar Hollywood convention , this one painfully outdated : the damsel in distress . It 's always disheartening to see this tired trope employed , but especially here .
The less time one spends worrying about the plot , the more enjoyment can be garnered from this new Hitman .
`` Hitman : Agent 47 '' plays like an action-movie placeholder , a dull late-August castoff that 's just kinetic enough to avoid being outright terrible .
If first-timer Aleksander Bach 's choices as a director are any indication , he 's a filmmaker who cares less about characters and actors than about dubious surface dazzle .
What to call it , exactly ? The 47th best action film of 2015 ? A feature-length Audi commercial , or a promo reel for the Singapore Tourism Board ? The most unnecessary artistic contribution ever made by someone named Bach ?
Hitman : Agent 47 turns out to be exactly the kind of fast-paced , mind-numbing thriller that studios churn out to fill screens during the dog days of summer .
An idiotic mess with a bafflingly dense prologue , an endless final battle , lifeless performances and anticlimactic twists , but it does have a degree of visual flair .
As played by Friend , the title character has zero personality . Neither does the movie .
Violence is the point of `` Hitman : Agent 47 , '' but there is n't enough of it to sustain this second film based on the `` Hitman '' video game series .
-LSB- A -RSB- slick , efficient and utterly banal piece of global cinema product .
The dialogue plays like it was translated from another language by computer .
If The Bourne Identity and Resident Evil hooked up back in 2002 , this is the baby that one of them would bring to the doorstep of the other , begging them to take it .
`` A cliffhanger ending so lame it ruins any chance of enjoying -LRB- or remembering -RRB- much of what came before . ''

@highlight

Hitman : Agent 47 fails to clear the low bar set by its predecessor , forsaking thrilling action in favor of a sleekly hollow mélange of dull violence and product placement .