A so-so script but great performances .
A great comedy drama that is both a study of life , and relationships .
An engaging diversion that lovingly , wisely plays with human foibles and uncomfortable truths .
full review in Greek
It 's got a ` Father Knows Best ' sensibility about it that exalts character over profit margins . But in my opinion , the story 's execution falls short of its potential .
Una comedia más bien `` seria '' que no busca tu risa fácil sino que pases un rato entretenido junto a personajes humanos y creíbles a los que les pasan cosas humanas y creíbles .
Even better , Weitz asks tough questions without easy answers , pointing daggers at companies like the very one he 's busy making motion pictures for .
The situations set up parallel stories , in which Dan must rediscover what it means to him to be a man , and Carter ... learns from Dan that manhood is n't what he thought it was .
There are no throwaway stereotypes here , just well-rounded characters that resemble personalities that we come in contact with everyday .
Engraçado e humano , Em Boa Companhia perde-se apenas em seu terceiro ato .
While In Good Company has a few moments of comedy that work , it inescapably feels like a sitcom .
They just do n't make movies like this any more , yet this film is shiny and relevant to today .
Wastes a great performance by Dennis Quaid .
A bit of a fantasy , but it 's heartening to see a studio entertainment that 's at least willing to acknowledge some of the real-life problems currently faced by its audience .
The film is extremely well cast . Topher Grace and Dennis Quaid work brilliantly together , to the point where you feel genuine affection for both characters .
While feel-good in nature , the movie avoids the slushy mush normally found in films of this genre .
A warm and witty comedy brimming with sharp insights .
Possesses the same depth of character and effortless charm as the -LSB- Weitzes ' -RSB- other successful productions .
A mature and penetrating view of cutthroat workplace politics and family drama .
This one is a winner folks that should be seen .
Genuinely funny , realistically romantic and extremely well-played
certainly intends for lessons to be learned , but it does n't condescend in simple fashion
There 's a great , weird triangle of love , loyalty , and corporate politics within In Good Company . Except Weitz never lets his material settle .
The characters and the story of IN GOOD COMPANY have qualities not usually found in major studio productions . It is a dependent film with the heart of an independent one .
Not only the best American picture of 2004 , but also the most grown-up movie to come from Hollywood in recent years .
Slick , funny , smoothly functioning entertainment , served up with a small side of potted commentary on corporate ethics and intergenerational conflict .
Perhaps the final clue to this film 's striking mediocrity is that the original title , Synergy , was swapped for the totally forgettable new one , In Good Company .
Flabby .
... creates fully-realized characters that are not just smart and dedicated , but also flawed and likable .
A smart , funny and refreshingly honest portrait of life in transition .
Topher Grace dominates this smart and funny film with a thing or two to say about how people are treated and treat each other in the workplace .
Keeps itself welcoming , like a good family , but not preachy , not too kind . The acting and direction top notch , you 'll get your money 's worth .
True , parts of `` Company '' are canned and none of it is especially new , but what it does right it does very right .
A sporty situation comedy on steroids , bulked up with a smooth Quaid and the beguiling Johansson . Besides a heart , the only thing lacking is a set of commercial breaks .
The script feels patched together and stale but there is a lot of compensation in exceptionally warm and fully-realized performances by all of the principals .
The story is believable and identifiable ; the characters seem like genuine people , not pawns in a screenplay .
-LRB- S -RRB- uperlative acting by Quaid and Grace ; brilliantly directed by Weitz . I walked out feeling happy with a big smile on my face . What more can you ask of a movie ?
In Good Company is a movie that will only improve with subsequent viewings .
Paul Weitz is able to walk the line between honesty and sappiness over and over and he does it to perfection in In Good Company .
Does to Corporate America what ` American Pie ' did to pastries .
The film 's laughs , and its heart , are in the right place , even if some of its scenarios feel like borderline premises for TV sitcoms .
Nothing is ostensibly bad about it , except that it 's mostly surface-level respectability without risk ; well-made but inauthentic .
In Good Company is the sort of basic model Hollywood ought to be about -- a solid product no one need be ashamed to buy or sell .
... un film agréable et sympathique , qui résiste à certaines tentations mais cède à d'autres
Quaid and Grace make a winning team in this toitally enjoyable movie
Just crap
In Good Company astonishes you in a quietly sublime way .
Although he won his spurs with American Pie , Weitz 's style here is more like a soufflé : light , classy , short on substance .
Smarter-than-average romantic comedy with an unpredictable plot .
Quaid 's outrageous response to a surprise birthday party held in his character 's honor simply brings down the house .
Globalization is nefarious . Nuclear families are good .
A slice-of-life so purely amiable and astute in its portrayal of the cutthroat corporate world that it is easy to overlook a great many flaws in its design .
Paul Weitz creates his most complete work yet in this serio-comedy about corporate malfeasance .
Quaid and Grace are Good Company , indeed
It 's rare to find a film that is able to stop glorifying youth and show respect for maturity instead , and Quaid wonderfully embodies that .
-LSB- A -RSB- marvelous comedy tinged with substantial sadness around its edges .
A bland , occasionally phlegmatic pastiche of cliches and dull encounters .
Ultimately , this workplace fairy tale creates its own cheer . When its time is up , you 'll feel like you 've been in good company .
If the rest of the movie were as good as Scarlett , we might give a damn .
A richly satisfying and darkly funny movie about , of all places , a workplace .
Deeply moving and life-affirming , yet never cloying nor sentimental .
Like too many downsized corporate acquisitions , In Good Company gets more out of its human resources - or , as they used to be called , people - than it gives back .
It 's a likable , if unspectacular , comedy about office politics and the generation gap .
This may be a sitcom conceit , but it 's handled perfectly .
Feels like a movie written by and for marketing types -- Quaid and Marg Helgenberger -LRB- as his wife -RRB- to appeal to baby boomers , and Grace and Johansson for Generation Y. That 's a business strategy , not a movie .
Watch Topher Grace . If there 's any cinematic justice , his work here will certify him as a comic leading man .
A rare species : a feel-good movie about big business . It 's about a corporate culture that tries to be evil and fails .
Casts a discerning eye on the American workplace in this era of downsizing , takeovers and mergers . It 's a comedy , not a tragedy , but that 's more a matter of tone than of content .
It 's more fun than Sideways and just as adult , but because it hews closer to genre formula -LRB- and therefore is somewhat more obvious -RRB- , you 'll find it on few if any Top 10 lists .
It is clever and thoughtful and has the added benefit of being about people you may recognize as fellow wage earners , for better or worse .
Topher Grace , Dennis Quaid and Scarlett Johansson all turn in fine performances . But they all seem to tread water , waiting for the next big wave that does n't come .
Grace 's dry , deadpan delivery and put-upon routine makes several sequences funnier than they probably should be , and he has believable chemistry with both Quaid and Johansson .
Makes the word mainstream seem a little less pejorative . It 's a broadly appealing comedy that 's neither stupid nor vulgar and , as such , deserving of praise .
It is at once funny , awkward and true , which puts it in rare company , indeed .
This is Grace 's biggest part to date and he embraces it , making Carter unexpectedly and believably vulnerable , particularly in his scenes with Johansson .
As corporate comedy-dramas go , Company is cheerful and easy to watch but surprisingly inept in the telling .
often witty and true to life , but too frequently opts for easy resolutions and sunny wish-fulfillment instead of investigating what makes these people tick .
In Good Company turns out to be the rarest of Hollywood films : a movie about men 's feelings .
A major key to the success is -LRB- Topher -RRB- Grace 's ability to hold his own in complicated scenes , especially with -LRB- Dennis -RRB- Quaid . This is a major breakout performance .
It 's a clever little social critique wrapped up in a light and rewarding comedic confection .
Coasts by on the charm of its excellent cast and the warmth of its story .
Not as sharp or quirky as About a Boy , but it has a stronger moral center , and the same humane , thoughtful approach to characters and ideas is at work .
A crowd-pleaser , an actors ' showcase , and a curious synergy of light comedy and heavy themes .
Suggests just how isolating it can be to balance breaking your back for a job you do n't particularly like with enjoying the people for whom you do it in the first place .
Before it hits the rails in a third act that has the odor of a test-marketing compromise , Weitz 's film moves at an engaging gallop .
It 's a smart , savvy and satisfying Hollywood comedy set in the real world of economic survival , family responsibility and grown-up decisions with real consequences .
The movie 's most poignant moments remind you that for every rising star in the corporate world , there 's a dutiful old-timer who is suddenly , and sometimes unfairly , deemed expendable .
In Good Company is a wonderfully spun tale of two men and the colliding career tracks they ride .
You ca n't help liking it , no matter how much or little you laugh .
What does it say that a family like this one now seems to be a novelty onscreen ?
Quaid provides the film with a solid foundation by ably playing yet another strong-willed father figure .
Heralds the official arrival of Topher Grace as a star in the making . The guy from TV 's That '70s Show has the loose , lanky frame and unforced charm to go places in the movies .
It manages to be funny and charming while capturing a lot of disturbing things about the way we live now : our deepest fears about our place in a system that could force us to clean out our desks -LRB- if we even have desks -RRB- at the drop of a stock point .
The point of -LSB- Weitz 's -RSB- story is n't to deliver a tidy resolution , but to let us get to know two characters a little and like them a lot .
Feels a touch trifling at times , but it gets tremendous mileage from its cast .
Despite a static plot where little happens , In Good Company has two strengths to recommend it : strong character interaction and a viciously accurate depiction of the modern corporate philosophy .
This is a movie for the Dans of the world , inviting them to chuckle ruefully at the monkey business those crazy kids get up to nowadays and concocting just punishments for whippersnappers who try to elbow their elders out of the way .
A comedy at once pungent and charming ... both amusingly cheeky and disarmingly serious -- and an almost unalloyed treat .
Taps into male-specific wants and needs and says a mouthful about the corporate world .
Harmless and complacent , yes . Discerning and risky , no .
If the film 's final third did n't get all gooey on us ... then the movie might have been a total triumph .
... charts the rhythms and relationships that define our everyday lives .
Laden with cheap life lessons and cacophonous false notes , In Good Company has the overly sincere , oversimplistic air of an After-School Special for grown-ups .
A probing comedy that deconstructs , attacks and even celebrates corporate greed , age discrimination and the art of the hard sell .
The denouement of the movie is as preposterously happy as a children 's fairy tale . But the moral is ageless .
In the era of Enron , Martha Stewart , and other corporate scandals , here 's a movie that knows Good Business involves Good Ethics .
It 's hard to dislike a picture that goes out of its way to champion integrity in America .
I went in expecting a predictable comedy and came out having seen one of my favorite movies of 2004 .
Dennis Quaid delivers a grounded performance that manages to smooth over the narrative rough patches .
This is a warm , smart and poignant comedy that I think most folks will thoroughly enjoy .
Director Paul Weitz 's struggle through the personal and political strife of modern corporate life is a good movie with a great cast .
Fresh comic thinking spices up this smart cookie of a satire .
Ever feel like `` The only ` fair ' I ever heard of is where they judge sheep and cows ? ' '' Then join the audience of `` In Good Company '' for a laugh and a sigh .
A promising script and some impressive performances ca n't lift ` In Good Company ' from its formulaic proceedings . **
Brilliantly walks the line between comedy and poignancy , being utterly funny without being shticky , and being touching without being shmaltzy .
A romantic comedy about the modern corporate world , In Good Company is an incoherent film , full of ideological cracks , that 's too eager to reconcile the generation gap .
This nearly terrific motion picture deserved a much more interesting resolution than to simply resemble every other film in the multiplex .
Witty and warm and wise in all the ways it can be ...
There are two movies vying for top management position of In Good Company , and the wrong one gets the promotion .
Paul Weitz warms over the cold truth of corporate globalization in this sub-Ephron gloss on the white-middle-class-in-peril .
Surprisingly good company to be in .
a sharp-eyed look at the soullessness of today 's corporate America ... with an unrealized romantic subplot
It 's admirable , the amount of amiable quirk that sneaks through the gates of this big studio flick .
It 's Rain Man with ageism substituted for autism .
In Good Company is an almost great film hindered by a love story that does n't belong .
This one 's not brilliant , but it has some of -LSB- About a Boy 's -RSB- easygoing charms .
An inconsequential sitcom spiked with a couple of well-placed barbs .
Weitz nicely balances both the demands of comedy and drama in a film that elegantly satirizes the absurdity of modern business , while underlining the casual cruelty of bottom-line thinking .
In Good Company is the perfect comedy for this topsy-turvy age of bottom-lining and pup-eat-dog .
There is enjoyment to be found in the disparate elements , but as far as meaningful cinema goes , the flick falls short of its objectives .
Paul Weitz 's engagingly lightweight drama is a gently revisionist fairy tale about good versus evil set on the battlefield of contemporary corporate culture .
Consistently funny .
An amusing and unusually compassionate look at today 's corporate culture .
In Good Company does have a lot of balls in the air , but thanks to smart acting and expert writing and directing , it handles them pretty well .
-LSB- A -RSB- sublime , sentimental comedy .
Dennis Quaid and emerging film star Topher Grace ... enrich the formula story with real humanity and depth .
In Good Company does n't rise to -LSB- Billy -RSB- Wilder 's level , but it 's definitely in the same league .
A delectable and heartwarming experience .
Weitz continues to make smart , funny movies that parse out the neuroses of the male species .
Terrific on-screen chemistry between Grace and Quaid and a premise rife with comic possibilities !
Has a pleasant whiff of Capra about it , with its accessible story , good humor , and insinuating themes .
In somewhat bad faith , In Good Company abandons its satire of corporate culture to focus on male bonding .
Topher Grace climbs another rung towards the Hollywood A-list .
A fresh , relevant statement about contemporary business and corporate politices merges with some old-fashioned sit-com schmaltz
The picture has a pleasurable , good-natured glow . You can diagram its various problems as you 're watching it and still walk away feeling you 've had a good time .
Will reverberate for people who finds themselves reporting to a boss much younger than they are .
An easy film to fall in love with , It 's also one that 's worth savoring again and again and is one of the best movies of the year .
A totally engaging film about how two men -- a middle-aged advertising sales manager and a young Turk -- deal with the changes that end up transforming their lives .
The chemistry between Quaid and Helgenberger as husband and wife and between Quaid and Johansson as father and daughter is as good as you 'll find these days .
There 's a fantastic movie buried somewhere in here , and maybe Cameron Crowe or James L. Brooks could have pulled it out
File this one under Wait for DVD . And even then , you might want to wait a little more .
Weitz provides juicy roles for Dennis Quaid , Topher Grace and Scarlett Johansson and manages to edge into areas in our society mostly unexplored in mainstream American films .
An often lively comedy-drama that lands some nice jabs at the mega-corp ethos , In Good Company makes for pretty good company until going soft when it counts .
You wo n't see anything else more cleverly produced this year .
















@highlight

The witty and charming In Good Company offers laughs at the expense of corporate culture .