In Rose -LSB- Viola Davis -RSB- , Fences reveals so beautifully and effectively the quiet power of cinema .
On a stage , dialogue as symbol can work . Movies require something more natural for audiences to lose themselves in -- something Fences does n't manage .
Denzel Washington and Viola Davis give incredible performances , which is reason enough to forgive the film 's cinematic shortcomings .
... Washington and Davis tear into their roles with what might be career-best and definitely Oscar-worthy performances .
It does have some wonderful and touching moments , but as a whole , Fences is a couple of palings short .
Wilson 's powerful story , which encompasses not just love , sex , race , oedipal clashes , betrayal and death , but even music and sport , has the scope of a Great American Novel . Washington and company do it justice .
Makes sure to remind us that we are all human and make mistakes , all of which usually come at the expense of our own personal failures
Viola Davis sets her own sky-high bar higher than ever . She has several of the film 's most powerful monologues , and her emotions are so raw and so naked that they are utterly unforgettable .
Fences is one of the most prescient movies out now .
Based on the Tony-winning Broadway play of the same name , Fences is just as powerful on the big screen .
August Wilson 's shattering Broadway drama gets a soulful interpretation .
With an abundance of baseball references , Fences , which also outstays its welcome , is likely to struggle to win over British audiences .
Fences comes to the stage almost entirely intact , including Wilson 's beautiful language and scenery-chewing monologues , and as Troy -LSB- Denzel -RSB- Washington does some of his finest acting work in recent memory .
That may be Washington 's greatest accomplishment in bringing it to the screen - allowing hope to rise from circumstances that are less than hopeful .
Playwright Wilson wrote the screenplay , and resists the effort to open the play up too much . If it sometimes reminds you of its origins on stage , it 's worth remembering that that medium offers dramatics potentials that ca n't always be found on film .
It 's a meaty tour-de-force of comic camaraderie , defiance , disillusion , and chutzpah , that -LSB- Denzel -RSB- Washington delivers con brio-and it 's only the first 10 minutes of the movie .
Balancing the joys of the script that turned Wilson 's play into a multi award-winning juggernaut with a desire to adapt such a play for Hollywood is a fine line , but sadly it is one that Denzel is unable to straddle .
... Denzel and Viola embody truly astonishing depictions of this couple , acting at the highest level of perfection even in slight reaction shots or minor movements , and as director Denzel captures these details .
A visually monotonous film that , however , ends up mesmerizing thanks to a remarkable cast of actors . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Denzel Washington , well , swings for the fences . And while he does n't quite hit a home run , he does manage a solid triple . And , almost as importantly , he brilliantly eases himself through the transition from leading man to character actor/star .
The performances by each of its six main characters ... combined with Washington 's gripping direction -LRB- inciting a mix of terror , madness , and pity -RRB- , FENCES is simply extraordinary . It is not to be missed .
It 's Washington 's third directorial effort and , as in his previous films , the camera serves the actors . He remains true to the play ...
the power of the story lies not in its tragedy , but in how it finds the good in the bad , the seed of hope in the moments of despair , the strength of character in those most deeply and fundamentally flawed
As with many such family dramas , Davis ' Rose is the foundation - and the scene in which she expresses betrayal may well be the movie 's best . The rest of the cast , including Washington himself , is very nearly her equal .
All that being said , Washington and Viola Davis - reprising their 2010 Broadway roles - are so damn good and the supporting cast is so solid , Fences is worth seeing for the acting alone .
The bare-bones aesthetic means the film functions as a showcase for its cast , with Washington and Davis outsizing their environs with vivid grandiosity .
Fences abandons itself too much to reproduce its texts with grandiloquence but sacrifices much of the emotion and dramatic depth in the way . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film which tone fails to prepare the viewer for a final camera movement that should rise to the transcendent , not the kitsch . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A gritty drama about frustration and racial determinism in which Washington stands as the overall responsibility . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Above all else , this is an actor 's showcase .
A film that emphasizes the work of its two protagonists , especially Denzel Washington 's performance . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The epilogue of the story , which probably works very well on stage , when presented in a more subtle way , simply does n't work on the big screen . `` Fences '' is a powerful but failed drama . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Fences is a poignant domestic drama that takes its time and seldom cuts corners , the dialogue sprawling and spiking in a way that seems much better suited to the stage than what we are used to seeing on the snackable big screen .
The film is Denzel Washington 's showpiece and for a good while it is hard not to be swept up in his striking commitment to Troy 's erratic and hateful mind .
A simple synopsis film -LRB- about the life of an African-American family in the late 50 's -RRB- , but full of contradictory and complex characters , with nuances that speak of a time that goes and another that comes . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film whose tone ends up being theatrical , in the most verbose , and less cinematographic , sense of the word . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This is clearly an impressive piece of work , but it borders on self-indulgence and its appeal is not that broad .
All one can do in my position is to reiterate just how powerful a piece of cinema this truly is .
Denzel swells with dangerous charisma . Viola works high emotion from every one of her many lines . They are so good they almost convince us we 're watching a movie .
There is a powerful drama here about the legacy of racism but Washington does n't know how to liberate it from the stage .
There 's a universality to the Maxson 's story that is sure to resonate with audiences everywhere and I found myself moved to tears more than once .
As a result some of the themes of Wilson 's text and its baseball metaphors do not quite hit a home run . Still , it is essential viewing because the acting hits it out of the park .
A storm-level cinematic trip with powerhouse performances , you do n't just watch Fences . You experience it .
Washington 's performance is a sight to see all on its own , and when Davis roars into life in the second half she 's unstoppable .
On stage , this would no doubt be powerful stuff but Washington the director has done little to open up the drama and adapt it for the big screen .
The symbolism is heavy handed . It 's like being repeatedly clobbered by Troy 's prized baseball bat : Rose takes a phone call that delivers bad news ; a lightning flash illuminates the crucifix on her wall .
The inordinate length of the piece and the constantly descending tone of the drama results in an ultimately heavy , draining experience from a director who should have been braver in breaking out of the constraints of its stage origins .
One of the pleasures of Fences is seeing Washington 's dominant technique - that swaggering walk , the hardening of his voice when challenged - get batted back by the visceral force of Davis ' performance .
The script is so robust and important , and hugely relevant to everyone in the audience , that it demands to be seen .
Every viewer will be able to relate to one aspect or another .
-LSB- Washington and Davis -RSB- first performed August Wilson 's play on Broadway in 2010 to rave reviews and Tony awards . Their deep knowledge of their characters shows .
As it is , we are able to enjoy a theatrical experience , and some really fine acting , with minimal obvious changes made to the original stage production .
It is funny , albeit typically in the most uncomfortable , end-of-your-tether fashion , and the fraught humour does mostly survive the unnecessary 162 minute running time .
This is a portrait of a doomed marriage that allows its stars to explode .
Fences is the most classical piece of drama in the best picture line-up for this year 's Oscars , with outstanding performances by Denzel Washington and Viola Davis .
-LSB- Washington -RSB- has a terrific cast at his disposal .
Washington treats the source material with a little too much reverence , although his commanding presence fills the screen .
Fences is filled with lengthy speeches that soar and glide like a bird in flight and there is a poetry in the everyday struggles of these ordinary lives .
You need to go into this for the love of great acting and superb writing . Do that and you 'll be rewarded .
Washington and co-lead Viola Davis deliver Wilson 's loquacious dialogue with such dazzling force that their combined screen presence renders any thoughts about the cinematic limitations of his approach obsolete .
Denzel Washington is a class act , and he has given us a classy piece of work .
Fences is a filmed play that never seems anything else : a yatter of life of death , directed by Denzel Washington from August Wilson 's Pulitzer-winning 1983 play .
Washington is customarily magnetic , but this is Davis ' film .
The great coup Washington delivers , beyond framing his co-star 's virtuous anguish so well , is the risky , brilliant , and frequently alienating performance he gives as Troy .
Fences is an important tale of humanity , responsibility , self-sacrifice and error told from the perspective of lives that have been occluded from the grand narrative .
It 's the Backyard Acting Olympics .
Denzel as director never feels fully in control of the material , but Fences shines in its performances and pithy dialogue .
There is no doubting the power and the fury charging through the work of Washington -- who also directs here -- and a few of his most compelling speeches rank as true master classes in wielding the spoken word as a weapon .
This feels more like a record of a stage performance than a film in its own right . That , though , does n't lessen its impact in the slightest or take away from the searing brilliance of the two leads .
The music of the dialogue , with Davis and Washington at the peak of their powers , makes the whole thing sing .
Given this is based on a stage play , naturally this film is fundamentally about speech , and the dialogue is beautifully crafted and rhythmically delivered , with a collection of quite remarkable monologues , and indelible two-handers .
Denzel Washington and Viola Davis excel in a well-crafted drama that 's sure to bring the late August Wilson 's words to a much wider audience .
Washington is very good , but it 's Davis - hurt , proud , determined - who 's the star of this show .
This is a work full of sensitivity , humour and wisdom , enacted with ferocious passion .
As hard hitting as a baseball whose game acts as a metaphor for the protagonist 's life , Fences is a potent drama about survival , family and dreams - with sublime performances ... This is an emotional experience you will not want to miss !
This is a terrific drama that highlights what has changed over the past 60 years and what has remained the same .
A film that , beyond a real cinematographic montage , depends more on the monophonic montage rhythms of which a vital but dark Denzel Washingto takes over . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A simply extraordinary film without crashes , bangs and wallops but full of towering performances delivered with intelligence , power and heart .
A film full of humor , sparkling conversations , emotional intensity and drama . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The stunning acting and August Wilson 's timeless words will captivate you again and again .
The performances are on the large side , but they 're of an extremely high quality , and emotionally rending .
Get it ? Gabriel with his trumpet ? Man , you ai n't even listening .
Working with a screenplay by playwright August Wilson , Denzel Washington crafts a fine film as a director , opening up the once stage set drama and giving each actor a place to share their story
This film is n't about Black pain or the struggle of being economically disenfranchised . This movie is about real life which just so happens to be filled with Black fully actualized characters that have depth and grace .
Fences is a family story with a local scope , but like Troy , it swings for the fences and carries a crushing weight that casts a long shadow .
Fences is a conservative movie - which is unfortunate artistically and interesting politically .
Wilson 's text is a phenomenally layered character study and acting showcase . And Washington , Davis , and most of their co-stars are more than up for it .
If Fences occasionally feels cinematically inert , it 's emotionally resonant thanks to Davis and Washington the actor , not the director as much .
Fences will surely garner Oscar nominations for the screenplay and actor performances .
While it does fully overcome the demands of transition from stage to screen , `` Fences '' soars on the performances by Denzel Washington and Viola Davis .
While Denzel Washington 's direction might leave a little to be desired , his acting has never been more relentless and fierce .
Washington 's direction ca n't match his acting - ` Fences ' is great filmed theater but not exactly great cinema . But there 's no questioning Washington 's skill as an actor 's director , and the ensemble is first-rate , particularly Davis .
Formidable drama , depicting the essential African-American experience , featuring authentic , award-worthy performances from Viola Davis and Denzel Washington .
... a powerhouse of a drama ... Washington is breathtakingly good as the embittered Troy , who 's erecting a wall between himself and an unjust world . Viola Davis can prepare her Oscar speech
Wilson would be pleased with Washington 's smooth , hot-blooded handling of it , unapologetically putting all those fiery emotions out there for the whole world to see .
Fences is an actors ' showcase above all else , and all of the talent on display is exemplary .
His Troy Maxon breaks away from this commercial work . It 's the performance of the year , and maybe the performance of Washington 's career .
The great miracle of Fences ... is how Denzel Washington transmits the pain and frustration of his character through one of Hollywood 's most radiant smiles .
Davis was also Tony-nominated in the 2010 Broadway production , and her performance is a searing look at a woman standing by a man who often does n't seem to deserve her .
-LSB- Washington and Davis ' performances -RSB- , both prior Tony winners and now nominated for Golden Globes , will be remembered as two of 2016 's very best .
The film is a triumph of expanded stagecraft and cinematic vision thanks to the skill and conscientiousness of director Denzel Washington .
The filmmaking is fluid and patient and tasteful-in-a-good-way , and the images captured by cinematographer Charlotte Bruus Christensen convey a modern American mythology without resorting to sepia-toned shtick .
A riveting meditation on pride , family and personal weakness . It 's not the kind of film you forget easily .
Fences struggles to make the leap from the stage to the big screen , but is kept afloat by the powerhouse performances of its leads .
Denzel Washington is the man .
It is so refreshing to have a film where the dialogue is rich and full-bodied .
Fences is a stirring chronicle of a family struggling with pressures within and without . Wilson 's commentary on race remains , sadly , as potent as ever .
If Fences was doomed to be made into an awards-season prestige picture , I really ca n't imagine how it could have turned out more satisfying than this .
Washington 's direction leaves Fences feeling powerful yet inert .
What carries this screen version of Wilson 's work is the ability of these actors to keep our attention hostage for two-plus hours and make us feel for these characters , even when we do n't always believe the words they say .
Fences lives so firmly in the realm of real people that it humiliates the bulk of today 's noisy and superficial flicks .
Phenomenal movie based on the Pulitzer-Prize-winning play .
It 's incredible that it has taken this long to put an August Wilson play on the screen . This movie redresses that , and its performances are wholly worthy of such a quintessentially American playwright . We 're privileged to have them .
Washington , Davis Shine in Fences .
... depicts a man whose entire world exists in a tug-of-war between the Civil War and Civil Rights .
Washington has pledged to bring all of plays in the cycle to the screen . The good news is he started with a home run .
Both Davis and Washington honor these characters by thoroughly inhabiting their emotional flesh .
These performances are killer , the source material is smart , and there 's a lesson beneath the heavy-handedness that makes it worth the endeavor
It 's an evocative and powerful glimpse into the volatile dynamics of a working-class family that touches on some raw emotions in its darker moments , and to its credit , is n't always easy to watch as a result .
It 's a testament to the movie 's soaring performances that they are able to elicit interest and evoke strong emotions despite Fences ' aesthetic deficiencies .
A poignant screen adaptation of the Pulitzer Prize-winning play in which Denzel Washington stokes the fire in his belly .
Washington and Davis can do no wrong . They roam free and Fences can barely contain them .
Denzel Washington brilliantly translates August Wilson 's Pulitzer-Prize-winning play to the big screen .
Whets our appetite for when -LSB- more -RSB- of Wilson 's plays receive this deserved treatment as a great playwright ... to indelibly commit such rich characters to multidimensional life
Even when Washington 's Troy becomes an unbearable pain , you remain intoxicated with Wilson 's mastery of dialogue and turn of phrase . It 's almost musical , like a great jazz band riffing in harmonic bliss .
Yes , Fences suffers somewhat from the bare-bones transferal of the `` action '' from stage to screen but the material is so compelling that viewers can easily lose sight of the movie 's `` play nature . ''
The two lead performances are stunningly complex and deeply human achievements from two of the finest actors working today .
` Fences ' is historically significant , but more importantly it remains dramatically powerful , and this fastidious yet vibrant film ensures that nothing has been lost in its translation to the screen .
The words , written for the screen by Wilson before his death in 2005 and spit out by a mostly bitter garbage man -LRB- Washington -RRB- , are as racially relevant today as they were in its '50s story . The ensemble acting is damn powerful , too .
Denzel Washington and Viola Davis are nothing short of remarkable .
It 's not cinematic enough to make you forget you 're watching something conceived for another , more spatially constricted medium , but it 's too cinematic to capture the intensity , the concentration , of a great theatrical event .
You 'll find no better performance by an actor and actress this year than by Denzel and Viola , and no better ensemble anywhere .
Bringing Wilson 's plays to wider audiences is a good thing . Fences preserves the drama , if not quite translating it into film .
Leans about 95 percent on `` point the camera at the actors and let them act . '' But what actors-and what acting . -LRB- Splice Today -RRB-
With rhythmic threads of poetry in its DNA , and a soul forged of the blues , Fences is a sad portrait of an oversized man with even bigger emotions .
A moving and urgent portrait of a working-class African-American family in 1950s Pittsburgh powered by tour de force performances by its two leads .
It 's a privilege to watch Washington and Davis lay it all on the line .
Washington has done Wilson proud , the veteran actor swatting this one right out of the ballpark , knocking the cover off of the ball in the process .
Unsurprisingly , the cast is magnificent .
Based on the 1983 August Wilson play , Fences is little more than a filmed version of the 2010 Broadway revival . It all but throws up house lights during intermission .
Washington has never been better . Davis is so good she could play a -- no pun intended -- fence post and get award nominations . A Christmas Day movie present worth the wait .
The film is the next best thing to seeing a stage production of this 20th-century classic . Its power , compassion and intimacy crashes through the screen and into your heart .
Your best bet is to let those mellifluous , multitudinous words bewitch , bother , and beguile you ; then maybe you wo n't notice the stagey presentation , slight story , and occasional emotional overreach .
Both Washington and Davis scale their performances somewhere between stage and screen , and in his role a director , Washington clearly keeps allegiance with the rapid-fire exchanges in Wilson 's text .
Denzel Washington and Viola Davis are go-at-it , toe-to-toe heavyweight champions . They are incredible , and Fences is special .
Incredible performances all around , and Wilson 's play is given a reverential big screen adaptation .
This is remarkable , powerful stuff that 's only somewhat diluted by the necessary compromises movies demand of plays .
The masterful thing about Denzel Washington 's direction here is that he does n't exactly open up the play . Instead , he opens up the visual frame around the players .
If you want to watch some powerhouse performances in a well-told film about masculinity and family dynamics from a bygone era , `` Fences '' is for you . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Profanity , etc. - also Available -RRB-
This is one of -LSB- Denzel Washington 's -RSB- most accomplished performances .
Ringing with both ancient wisdom and searing relevance , `` Fences '' feels as if it 's been crafted for the ages , and for this very minute .
Although Fences can be charitably viewed as a star vehicle for the actor-director - and he does reach for the rafters in certain parts , so loud and proud is his performance - it is Davis who walks away with the production .
`` Fences '' is an effective drama , but it feels rigid , its stage origins handicapping its storytelling .
If Fences barely escapes the confines of its titular enclosure , the performances all sound to the skies like Gabriel 's trumpet .
Wilson 's play is such an extraordinary social statement , its bitter patriarch rivaling Willy Loman in the greatness of his smallness .
Feels entirely stage-bound and artificial , with set design and performances that might make sense for live theater , but which feel stilted and ineffective onscreen .
August Wilson 's towering play has been magnificently put on screen by director/star Denzel Washington , with an incendiary performance by Viola Davis .
Fences crackles with spitfire dialogue , blazing emotions , and worn-down , gut-punched humanity .
Serious or not , many films are merely entertainments and are easily forgotten , even if they succeed . But a serious film such as Fences is a privilege to see , not just as a dramatic entertainment but because it reverberates long after it ends .
Only Davis manages to keep her responses sounding fresh and free of stagecraft . But her character , much like the audience , simply ends up maxed out on Troy Maxson .
Washington has brought Wilson 's work to a larger audience than would have seen the live theatrical performance , and for that alone deserves great credit .
`` Fences '' wraps you and whirls you in a heady cyclone of words , ultimately dropping you gently on the ground , moved and changed and unexpectedly uplifted by the journey .
Some plays lend themselves to the cinema better than others . Unfortunately , Fences does n't seem to be one of them .
Fences is still a gripping watch , but it 's gripping for the reasons the play has always been gripping : the language and performances .
Intimacy is a challenge for `` Fences , '' but the acting is expectedly dynamic , with raw nerve work from the leads carrying the feature through a few rough patches of storytelling .
Washington makes his character both sympathetic and pathetic , a tragic character of almost Shakespearian proportions grappling with fate , family responsibilities , work , racial injustice and carnal desires .
Heartening , though , it is in almost every way .
Regardless of whether its controlled style and emotionally rich cast introduce this scalding drama of family discord to new audiences or revive it for longtime followers , it 's tightrope-taut theater .
Watching it is like getting a front-row seat to the beautifully mounted revival of a classic work of American drama , starring two stars who know and understand that text as well as any actors in the world .
`` Fences '' is perhaps best appreciated as a showcase for the brilliant acting of Washington and Davis . Their performances are virtually guaranteed to garner Oscar nominations .
Magnificent
The entire cast is worthy of praise and , in Davis ' case , beyond it : Her downcast eyes speak volumes .
You do n't get groundbreaking cinema from `` Fences , '' but what you do get - two titanic performances and an immeasurable American drama - makes up for that .
As the lead actor , -LSB- Washington -RSB- takes on a giant 's role and is almost too big for it . Here is a new definition of `` frighteningly good . ''
Fences is old-school Americana that 's driven by dynamite performances all around , albeit a bit stuffy in nature .
Washington 's work as director and actor along with the amazing cast delivers Wilson 's story in a proper and impressive style .
Fences may never lose the look and sound of a play , but Washington 's close-up focus on the characters only heightens the dignity Wilson bestowed on them .
one of 2016 's defining movie moments
`` Fences '' is a feast of brilliant acting , in a story that 's sometimes as difficult as it is powerful .
Tragic , beautiful , thought-provoking .
By themselves , -LSB- the actors -RSB- make the movie worth seeing , though in the end , it feels too much like a school assignment .
Washington 's performance -- as big as it gets -- is all wrong for the movies , where even a self-aggrandizing character like Troy Maxson , a former Negro Leagues star ballplayer turned '50s Pittsburgh garbageman , needs to be scaled back to feel realistic .
The intensity of the bonds between the actors here , forged when many of them starred together on Broadway , deepens the ache of this tragic tale and makes this Fences so formidable .
Washington and Davis ' performances ... invite us in to an intimate place that 's messy and painful and hard to shake . It 's as good as screen acting gets .
-LSB- Washington -RSB- tells a big story that is comfortably , convincingly set in a humble backyard -- albeit a backyard cluttered with the heavy stone of human drama .
Fences boasts sterling performances and deep characterization even as it struggles to get away from its stage roots .
Fences is a portrait of ordinary people fumbling toward compassion and courage under the shadow of extraordinary injustice , disenfranchisement , and self-doubt .
Powerful adaptation of August Wilson 's intense play .
Refreshing familiar roles which are obviously second nature to them , Denzel and Viola deliver emotionally-provocative performances likely to garner Academy Award nominations in Oscar season .
The people in charge , on screen and off , know what they have here , and they do n't get material like this very often in their careers .
Washington delivers not only one of the year 's best performances , but one of the best self-directed performances in cinema history .
Fences is a labor of love and attention must be paid . You do n't get writing or acting of this caliber every day , and in this particularly dreary year of second-rate everything , this movie is something special .
For a first-timer , the film would be an achievement . For Washington , it 's further proof of his indelibility as an actor .
As director and star of this powerful adaptation of August Wilson 's canonical play , Denzel Washington plays a brash talker masking a world of misery and secrets , with an unforgettable pathos .
Washington gives a magnetic , layered performance , backed by a largely superb cast , most of whom reprise their roles from the Broadway revival of Wilson 's classic .
A brilliant , deeply human adaptation of a masterwork .
The musicality of Washington 's voice as he turns interrogative , the repetitions and the needling , make Troy an intimidating force even when he 's all bluster .
Electrifying performances from Denzel Washington , Viola Davis and a stunning cast-enacting one of the great 20th century American plays-make Fences a must-see
It may be dialogue driven but Denzel Washington 's vision of a Fences film version is fully realized in this superbly acted movie of the late , great August Wilson 's Pulitizer Prize and Tony winning play .
The word tour de force is an overused critical cliché , but it 's the only appropriate one here . But there 's more to the movie than its actors .
Washington 's approach gives Wilson 's extraordinary words and rich metaphorical story the platform they deserve .
Fences is an admirable , exceptionally well-acted new directorial effort from Denzel Washington .
I respect -LSB- Washington -RSB- for not attempting to `` open up '' the play just to make it seem more `` cinematic . ''
A film that bursts with a conversational energy and burning intensity that only comes with familiarity with the source material .
With the level of acting talent involved , Fences could have been filmed in the parking lot of a pet store and still been just as effective .
Fences demands to be seen if for no other than reason than Washington and Davis . They 're at the top of their game reprising roles that rightfully earned them Tonys for their work . Now they deserve Oscars .
Fences is moviemaking as public service , like PBS 's Masterpiece Theater : an accessible adaptation of a necessary literary work that few will ever have the opportunity to see onstage .
It will not come as a news flash that Mr. Washington is a movie star of the first rank ... what he does here is both sizzling and subtle , a star performance that does equal justice to the play 's poetry and kitchen-sink reality .
I doubt if many other will identify , as closely as I , with the characters in `` Fences '' but the believably rooted family drama will keep the viewer enrapt .
In bringing August Wilson to the screen for the first time , director-star Washington does the playwright proud by refusing to slice Fences into small pieces and serve it to short attention spans
Washington 's role is obviously meaty , and he plunges into it with a mix of swagger and vulnerability . But it 's Davis , not surprisingly , who really shakes the rafters , in a performance tailor-made for her .
Fences is a scathing study of how white society destroys a promising black man 's sense of self .
There 's a musicality , a rat-a-tat rhythm to August Wilson 's patter , that you lose when you simply read his work . You need to see them mounted to get the full effect .
The combination of top acting and the powerful rhythm of the language in the drama 's celebrated high spots absolutely holds us .
Even as it properly foregrounds Wilson 's dialogue - few playwrights have approached his genius for turning workaday vernacular into poetry - `` Fences '' is much more than a filmed reading .
Dialogue that might work onstage feels artificial on film , and Wilson 's symbols come across as clunky and obvious , especially when there 's not much to look at .
It ... stands as an aching , lyrical , performance-driven masterpiece in its own right , a film so intense and engrossing that movie houses really should screen it with an intermission .
Honorable , worthy and windy , `` Fences '' is essentially a PBS episode of `` Great Performances '' that is inflated for the big screen without ever quite belonging there .
Fences may be a cautionary story about the effects of racism , but it is also a cunning , layered and consistently entertaining drama .
It 's not a movie , not really . It 's a filmed play . But what a play . What a story . And what a pair of stars .
Under Washington 's earnest but plain direction , scenes of loose-limbed riffing ... soar above the drama 's conspicuous mechanisms and symbolism .
Give Viola Davis her Oscar !
Fences ' performances are hands down some of the best of the year . But Washington...half-heartedly strove to make it cinematic .
An American classic writ large .
Fences is a family melodrama that 's well executed from start to finish .
Like many plays brought to the screen , Fences still feels like a play . Sure , you can get closer to the performances , but it still feels like a live reading .
If you want to see some great acting , Fences is a movie that has great acting .
This film is conceived as a showcase for its performers , and , as that , it is immaculate .
Can you tell it 's a play ? Absolutely . Does that mean a damn thing ? Not when the writing is this richly evocative , and the cast so often soars with it .
Offers enough dramatic meat , boisterous humor and lived-in performances to hook audiences of all stripes .
As you watch `` Fences , '' there 's never a doubt that these lives matter , and that 's a good and noble thing , but you 're also aware -LRB- maybe too aware -RRB- of how much the movie itself wants to matter .
Denzel Washington 's marvelous adaptation of August Wilson 's Pulitzer Prize-winning play provides the actor-director with one of his finest roles , and he gives a powerhouse performance as an aging patriarch undone by his pride , stupidity and bitterness .
Washington does n't try to improve upon August Wilson 's Pulitzer Prize-winning masterpiece , but he brings it to the screen with integrity -LRB- and a handful of incredible performances -RRB- .
There 's nothing lost in the translation of `` Fences , '' but its high fidelity means there 's little , if any , inspiration to be found within .
At the peak of her game , Davis taps into the marrow of her bones , unleashing the savagery and affliction of a broken woman . The woman knows no boundaries , as she leaps to the top of just about every actress working today . Oscar , here she comes !

@highlight

From its reunited Broadway stars to its screenplay , the solidly crafted Fences finds its Pulitzer-winning source material fundamentally unchanged -- and still just as powerful .