After a six year wait for director Lisandro Alonso to follow-up his masterpiece 2008 `` Liverpool '' , we finally have a new adventure .
Jauja will be off-putting to some , but for those willing to get on its challenging wavelength , it 's worth the ride .
-LSB- A -RSB- strange , beguiling , and excitedly didactic film .
You 've got walking in grass , riding a horse through grass , and sitting amid the grass . A few grisly kills . But mostly there 's grass . And it grows . Green . Sometimes yellow .
Imagine Carl Theodor Dreyer , with a dash of Herzog , directing a surreal 50s Technicolor western and you might have some idea of what to expect from Lisandro Alonso 's baffling yet transfixing Jauja .
With Jauja Alonso follows the ever-widening orbit his films have been tracing even further , nudging his trademark concerns ... of his earlier work into something considerably more expansive , playful , even supernatural .
Jauja feels less like a film than a hazy dream of postcards from nowhere .
As a micro-critique of colonialism , the film resonates alongside Werner Herzog 's Aguirre , the Wrath of God -LRB- 1972 -RRB- and Michelangelo Antonioni 's The Passenger -LRB- 1975 -RRB- , among others , all road movies leading nowhere .
It is n't too great a chore to sit though this film , but it is n't really compelling , either . The story lacks a real payoff punch .
If the idea was that getting into the mental hell of these characters that are caught in a dry landscape would suddenly give good pictures of wild nature devouring characters who deserved no better fate , Jauja falls short , a lot . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's a puzzling head-tripper .
If you miss 1980s-era Werner Herzog , see this .
This fifth feature by the brilliant Argentine filmmaker Lisandro Alonso is his first with professional actors and a period setting , yet it meshes thematically with his other work .
Alonso sustains an atmosphere of otherworldly immanence in a vivid setting , with a style involving long takes with characters posed as if in tableaux vivants .
With its richly saturated , meticulously composed sublime landscapes , this might be the year 's best-looking film .
Experimental filmmaker Lisandro Alonso moves further toward narrative in the gorgeous , elusive Jauja with producer-composer Viggo Mortensen a dream figure at the center of a restlessly unfamiliar , even radical nineteenth-century Argentine Western .
Viewers who can accept a defiantly slow pace , a few loose plot threads and a directorial style that works by intimation , will be rewarded .
Alonso 's films are as much about men moving through the landscape , leaving behind the rules of civilization to become lost in the wilderness .
Mortensen is meticulous and mesmerising , as a man who simply keeps going when all logic seems to be deserting his experience .
Entrancing , inventively shot and played with a wonderful sense of bizarro metaphysics
If you applauded the genre-tweaking twists of Gus Van Sant 's `` Gerry '' and Kelly Reichardt 's `` Meek 's Cutoff , '' you may have a good time -LRB- or at least an interesting one -RRB- at acclaimed Argentine director Lisandro Alonso 's latest puzzler , `` Jauja . ''
In abstract Western in which the harsh but claustrophobic beauty of the landscape is intensified by the confines of Academy ratio framing ...
All in all , a quietly magical piece of cinema , a mind-bender of the subtlest kind .
For all its evocation of the ` classical ' western , Jauja also , at moments , conjures a chilled-out Alejandro Jodorowsky -- less obviously surrealistic but no less provocative in its core propositions .
Mortensen has just the right class of vacant charisma for such a gouged-out protagonist and Timo Salminen 's photography bathes every image in surprising lights .
It is undoubtedly beautiful , brooding and enigmatic , with Mortensen 's grizzled presence holding the attention , but quite what it all means leaves you scratching your head in puzzlement .
When Inge elopes with a soldier , Dinesen searches across the unforgiving but beautifully shot landscape , in a sort of western that turns into a surreal exploration of his existential angst , then segues to his descendants in the present day .
A quest saga whose metaphysical digressions and dream interludes will fascinate and frustrate in equal measure .
Intriguing , if opaque .
Miraculous . Blithely does its own thing , but with staggering assurance and artistry .
` Jauja ' is a film to make you wonder .
Though admiring the filmmaker 's innovation and inclination for minimalism , the lack of linearity and narrative structure is to the film 's detriment .
Challengingly spellbinding .
Jauja may not be for everyone , but those who give it a chance will find a complex , beautiful film .
Mysteriously opaque and thrillingly spooky , Lisandro Alonso 's Jauja evokes what many films aspire to yet rarely achieve : a genuine lucid state of cinema-as-dream .
In his latest feature , the breathtaking Jauja , Argentinian director Lisandro Alonso demonstrates that he is the rare filmmaker who trusts his audience enough to winnow his films down to the bone .
`` Jauja '' makes one cryptic leap too many at the end , but until then it evocatively confounds .
Even if director Lisandro Alonso meanders a bit , he pulls a rabbit hole out of his hat in the end ...
Alonso 's audacious leaps of time , his incisive view of the wiles of combat and the rigors of survival , and his ingenious reflection of present-day splendors in past plunder lend the visually sumptuous experience a haunting depth .
The performances mesh beautifully with the filmmaking , which is more keenly attuned to fluctuations in the natural world that all but a handful of modern motion pictures .
I never once doubted that I was in the hands of a master filmmaker .
Staggeringly beautiful movie with almost no story , a representative `` New Argentine Film ''
Where ` Jauja ' winds up is bizarre , even for an Argentine art-Western , but the move makes sense if you catch on its wavelength , a task made all the easier due to not only to its gradual , hypnotic pace but also its playful tone .
The rounded-off corners of the almost-square frames evoke early movies and antique photographs , and there is wit and mischief in the way Mr. Alonso plays with the relationship between what we see , what we do n't see and what we expect to see .
The film is expansive , pushing the ideas that Alonso has probed in the past further than he has ever taken them .
At its most powerful , Jauja suggests the surreal Western violence of Cormac McCarthy 's Blood Meridian in the way Alonso gradually folds the action into a waking nightmare .
Mortensen injects the director 's esoteric , anti-psychological themes with a psychological reality that makes them all the more tantalizing .
-LSB- Jauja features -RSB- some gorgeously observed tableaus but also stretches of dry tedium , hemmed in by a layered and mannered aesthetic .
It 's a movie designed for maximum intellectual appeal , even if the emotional impact is slight .
There 's a line between artfully contemplative and just plain boring . This film eventually crosses it into Snoozeville .
There 's so much to take in here that at times I almost felt as if I were absorbing it through my skin .
An extremely enigmatic work that dangles possible meanings before viewers , who are forced to put their thinking caps on .
Those open to other possibilities in cinematic language may marvel at Alonso 's ability to hold a viewer rapt through little more than landscape , movement and sound , and ideas that emerge implicitly rather than being directly stated .
Beautiful , haunting and hypnotic , Jauja sees its own legend grow disproportionately , until we all , in our search for sense , get lost on the way .
A hallucinatory trip down the rabbit hole that summons memories of Gus Van Sant 's `` Gerry . ''
A ponderously paced but artistically sure journey ; it 's a film that finds strength in the universality of its ideas and its spiritual dimension , one that 's enlivened by instantly iconic imagery and a keen sense of the strange .
Shot in an almost square ratio by Finland 's minimalist cinematography master Timo Salminen , Jauja is a harsh , gorgeous dream that defies resolution .
Alonso 's most narratively knotty film yet ...
Revisionist westerns are usually dour affairs , foregrounding guilt over the imperial legacy of runaway expansionism , but Jauja is refreshingly absurdist , consistently including shots for seemingly no reason other than to be dry punchlines .
It 's a film of fussy , cultivated austerity ; Alonsolytes will debate what it 's hiding , while others will suggest `` an actual movie '' as the answer .
... we felt set adrift , marooned in a vast endless void of narrative nothingness .

@highlight

Jauja will prove haunting for those lured in by its deliberate pace and lovely visuals , though it may test some viewers ' patience .