Ultimately , it 's rather like Oasis themselves : Too bloody much of a just-pretty-good thing . Of course , diehard Britpop devotees may feel otherwise .
Supersonic is a poignant , perfect summation of one of British music 's greatest ever bands and one of its true forces of nature .
As singalong hagiographies go , Oasis : Supersonic is rock solid .
Director Mat Whitecross cleverly focuses on the band 's best period -- beginning on the council estates of Burnage in 1991 and ending five years later in front of a quarter of a million fans at Knebworth .
Using only archival footage and narration from those in and around the band , it chronicles Oasis ' story in an entertaining fashion that does n't shy away from the Gallagher brothers ' brash and egotistical personalities .
You ca n't help but root for these belligerent , confrontational delinquents to make good .
By eschewing cultural context , outside voices , or songwriting analysis , the film matches the group 's insular arrogance , although there 's genuine insight into the family dynamic .
Deliriously enjoyable .
Future documentarians , please do n't put your films in the hands of a rock - 'n' - roll band . They 'll throw it all away .
Provides a fine , if hectic snapshot of the golden years of the band-the triumphs onstage and the brotherly bickering backstage .
Does exactly what it says on the tin .
Still , if Supersonic told the whole story , and embraced the glory and the silliness of Oasis , I 'd wager that it would make Oasis seem more mythic , not less .
-LSB- While -RSB- Oasis : Supersonic is simply a record of a band that got really big and then broke up ... director Mat Whitecross does deserve credit for digging into the truly awful domestic situation that forged the brothers ' contentious personalities .
A fascinating documentary about music and life , neighborhood metaphors not based on education and culture , but in something almost congenital . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
They were n't the Sex Beatles , as London 's music press dubbed them . They were rock 's Marsalis brothers , advancing and embodying their own highly selective idea of a canon .
`` Supersonic '' captures the madness of Oasis from an insider 's perspective .
`` Supersonic '' boasts an ear-blasting , you-are-there immediacy , utilizing a treasure trove of archival photos and footage to make you feel present .
Captures the essential cheek , unbridled power chords and thundering rhythm section that make for an arena-worthy band .
Director Mat Whitecross channels their heady energy and sonic magic .
You 'll rush to your iPod to dial up those greats songs . But you 'll also walk away disappointed that `` Supersonic '' does n't dig deeper .
Watching Oasis : Supersonic made me remember just how great the British band really was .
Supersonic tells a frankly familiar tale , charting the rapid rise and stuttering stoppage of one of the great UK moments in post-Thatcher history .
Offers a nostalgic glimpse back at a band that made lasting music and enjoyed massive success despite its own drug abuse and malfunction .
`` Oasis was just like a f-cking Ferrari . Great to look at . Great to drive . And it would f-ckin' spin out of control every now and again when you went too fast . ''
The brothers are unabashedly cocky and often very funny . They may be jerks , but they certainly are entertaining jerks . And the most enduring testament to Oasis is that its success , however short-lived , seems to humble even them .
It comes across as a highlight reel , commented upon by participants who are n't ready or willing to look at themselves or each other in a critical light .
It did n't last long , but it was one helluva ride . Above all else , Supersonic captures that feeling .
A documentary that will appeal to fans because of its unpublished material , and regular spectators for being narrated without cameras by the protagonists . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
While Oasis : Supersonic is never boring , especially for fans , it 's also not quite deep enough to justify its narrow focus , especially at its overlong running time .
It may surprise people who 've experienced the Gallaghers only in tabloid-fodder mode that `` Supersonic '' teems with stirring and even moving moments .
Like spending two hours between Liam and Noel Gallagher , for better or worse .
A riotously enjoyable , appropriately deafening flashback to one of the last moments in music history when a bunch of knuckleheads with guitars could conquer the world on chutzpah alone .
It 's exactly the Oasis movie the battling Gallagher brothers would have wanted . And in a way , that 's a beautiful thing .
Too much champagne , not enough supernova .
A powerful , illustrative and expeditious film that utilizes candid footage of the group from the early to mid-1990s , before brothers Liam and Noel Gallagher did their Cain and Abel act .
The documentary is frustratingly incomplete ... Where -LSB- it -RSB- excels is at placing viewers within the maelstrom of hype whipped up by the British press , as well as in the frenzied global push behind the band 's 1994 debut .
If ever a band cried out to star in a documentary , it was Oasis .
A reminder of why -LSB- Oasis -RSB- got so much bloody attention in the first place .
Marvelling at how five council-estate lads rocketed to superstardom in three years , the doc is so stuffed it almost -LRB- almost ... -RRB- justifies ignoring Oasis ' slump into trad-rock torpor .
Looking back in languor , Noel is jaundiced , wistful and very funny . Almost shockingly , Liam comes across as wise , hilarious , and articulate but everything he says is tinged with sadness .
You do n't need to love Oasis in order to enjoy the film , but if you are a fan , you 'll be `` mad for it '' .
A rousing documentary , with Noel Gallagher as executive producer and ample commentary from natural-born storytellers Noel and brother Liam .
The cluster of interviewees here have it right that the band were curiously more than the sum of their parts .
The story of Britpop 's iconic band at its peak is told with wit , honesty and swagger . Which , given its two leads , is entirely fitting .
It 's a real shame Noel is n't encouraged to direct his wit at the more fecund , outer corners of the Oasis odyssey .
Not the full picture but a fascinating snapshot of an era-defining band .
Captures what it really feels like to play your first gig , to release your first album , to stay up for five days snorting crystal meth then freak out on stage at the Whisky a Go Go .
Entertaining stuff - but odd to see the years 1996-2009 airbrushed out of history .
Whitecross ' problems are n't just limited to the familiarity of the tale -- much of it blasted onto the front pages of the tabloids at the time .
Whether you 're Team Liam or Team Noel , Whitecross 's film does what good retrospective rock-docs should : makes a seismic moment for rock 's history books roar with raucously entertaining life again .

@highlight

Oasis : Supersonic foregoes a comprehensive approach to its multi-platinum subjects in favor of an appreciative -- and stirring -- look at their heady early years .