Extraordinary Measures is a celery of a film ; humorless , flavorless , mediocre through and through .
Extraordinary Measures strives to tug at our heartstrings , and educate us on a little publicized disease , but it ends up feeling like a drug itself - manufactured using artificial chemicals by technicians in a cold lab .
Easy to root for a loving father fighting through the system , but Extraordinary Measures shamelessly piles on the sentimentality and disregards the real work of the many scientists dedicated to fighting this disease for years .
A garden variety disease-of-the-week TV movie dressed up with cinema marquee names .
If the two leading characters were women , this would have gone straight to the Lifetime network .
This story has merit , so it 's a shame it is n't a stronger adaptation of the true events that inspired it .
If this this sounds like movie-of-the-week fodder , it is , but Extraordinary Measures hits all the right dramatic notes without tipping into sentimentality .
A touching story inspired by true events . A timely subject . Two high-profile actors in Brendan Fraser and Harrison Ford . Sadly , it all adds up to an extraordinary bore .
Harrison Ford still retains enough of his old movie star magic to ramp up the electricity a bit when he 's onscreen , but this only makes you want to see him do something that makes better use of his gifts . Brendan Fraser just seems to grow bigger over the
Soapy and unemotional , this makes a hash of an interesting true story .
Moderately illuminating in parts , but the clichÃ -LRB- C -RRB- s of cinematic suffering tend to overwhelm it .
Those expecting the exuberance of an Erin Brockovich from the same producers will be disappointed . Extraordinary Measures is sensitive and dull .
Harrison Ford is the clichÃ -LRB- C -RRB- of a scientist who cares more for equations than humans , and works to atrocious rock music . The child actors are cloying in their cuteness . A serious subject drowned by sentimentality .
Fraser 's blandness makes for a deeply uninteresting fit with Ford 's supposedly adorable grumpiness . Very ordinary .
Vaughan and scriptwriter Robert Nelson Jacobs have plumped for the â ~ one man against all oddsâ -LRB- TM -RRB- plotline , the most reassuringly inoffensive of narrative archetypes .
Extraordinary Measures ca n't really be classed as a stinker , but it 's so middle-of-the-road and startlingly average it 's difficult to find much to get excited about .
Possibly the biggest medical poser on offer is why Brendan Fraser had to put on 20 lbs to play the role .
An extraordinary story receives a decidedly ordinary treatment in this worthy weepie , which ca n't get either Ford or Fraser to catch fire . Heartstrings get tugged and tear-ducts tickled , but it 's more Lifetime movie than movie of a lifetime .
The film manages to balance its weepie and thriller elements without ladling on the emotion or wallowing in sentimentality , but ultimately this is TV-movie material with Hollywood movie actors .
A heart-on-sleeve weepie which takes extraordinary liberties with the truth to fashion a conventional Hollywood narrative .
If you 've seen Lorenzo 's Oil , you 'll know how it goes , but you 're advised to tone down your expectations .
The acting is good , the true-story imprimatur a help . The movie ends with clasped hands , brimming tears and inspirational music pedalling the end credits . I surrender . Pass me another hankie .
The film 's combination of gloopy sentiment , macho horns-locking and recondite enzyme research is n't a winner ; and the slushy music , by Andrea Guerra , has you begging for mercy .
Despite the heavyweight presence of Harrison Ford and Brendan Fraser , the film feels too much like a television production than something that merits big screen status .
The sort of soapy schmaltz you feel dirty for watching . Frankly , if you consider this kind of sugar-coated medical tragedy entertainment , then you 're the sick one .
A watchable drama enlivened by strong performances from Ford and Fraser but it 's essentially just a starrier version of a made-for-TV disease-of-the-week movie .
The A-list cast raises this film above its unsophisticated TV-movie style , helped by the remarkable facts of the true story .
Science and research is rarely sexy on film so the necessary drama and conflict to drive the plot come from a volatile working relationship between Fraser 's and Ford 's characters .
Extraordinary Measures is so well intentioned no parent could possibly hate it . Rarely , though , has 106 minutes in the company of such big stars felt so long .
... the actors ' uniformly stellar work ultimately -LSB- alleviates -RSB- the movie 's made-for-television proclivities .
Not a film staged in an Earth-shattering manner , merely coasting along on a gentle hum of featherweight medical and domestic urgency ; it 's more pleasingly reassuring and solidly constructed than dynamic , reaching its emotional goals comfortably .
Minus its above-the-name stars and theatrical distribution , it is largely indistinguishable from any number of made-for-TV melodramas
A stellar cast performs in a so-so script based on a real-life series of events .
This is a made for TV movie . This is also the best made for TV movie I have seen in recent memory . Plus , Portland looks great .
A film that 's not afraid to wear its heart , or its passion , on its sleeve .
Despite appealing leads and a little guys vs. corporate honchos scenario , it 's a muted rendition of a family 's real-life drama .
Watching it is extremely easy , and at just under two hours it gets to the point quickly never coming close to wearing out its welcome .
A better movie would have made an elevated perspective part of its aesthetic -- that 's one of the elating aspects of Kurosawa 's Red Beard : Its view of the human condition is , by necessity , large and vibrant .
Almost completely -- even strangely -- forgettable , Extraordinary Measures is without risk and seemingly indifferent to its own rewards .
Vaughan 's effort is n't quite as composed as it should be , but the emotional current and tart commentary on the business of who lives and who dies is stirring .
There are lots of good reasons to grumble at this overearnest melodrama ...
Great performances by Fraser and Ford will pay the bills for this one but that is as far as the good news goes .
There 's something off-putting about this film 's optimism : After all , how many people can afford to do what Crowley did ?
It sometimes feels like one of those `` disease of the week '' TV movies from the 1970s .
With ` Extraordinary Measures , ' Scottish-born director Tom Vaughan neatly calibrates the interplay between science , seed money , and sentimentality .
A syrupy saga which somehow proves moving , in spite of a fairly formulaic , Hollywood approach to a truly inspiring , real-life triumph .
Where the film takes off is in the complex pas de deux conducted by Crowley -LSB- Brendan Fraser -RSB- and Stonehill -LSB- Harrison Ford -RSB- , whose goals overlap but are not identical .
It 's about as dramatically taut as your garden-variety board meeting . And it makes you realize that jerking a tear or two is n't necessarily a bad thing for a filmmaker to do , if it at least keeps your audience awake .
Anyway , I cried . A lot . What can I say ? I 'm a sucker for kids on ventilators .
Harrison ford interview : `` I did n't make this film because I 'm a crusader for righteous health care or I wanted to indict the pharmaceutical industry or to make a film about Pompe disease . I wanted to be fair and entertaining . ''
An uplifting film about one man 's battle to save his kids should strike a chord in parents of all ages
`` Extraordinary Measures '' is like corporate rock but worse . It 's a Big Pharma propaganda piece committed with a bloated musical score that blows out the depressingly formulaic patchwork on hand .
It 's tough to make a compelling movie about enzyme synthesis , even when you have the added attraction of Harrison Ford in full caricature mode .
Formulaic TV-disease-of-the-week fare except in its revelations about how medical research is conducted and financed .
Extraordinary Measures skips over some of the most potentially dramatic stuff -LSB- in this semi-true story -RSB- . The movie undermines its own drama .
True , the general audiences does n't need hours of complex biochemistry talk they wo n't understand , but surely there 's a better way of getting around it than showing Ford sitting in a lab coat writing on a dry erase board to rock music .
If you 're careful and limit the soda intake , you wo n't leave the theater with a sugar high .
Sadly , `` Get out of my lab ! '' is not the new `` Get off my plane ! ''
Emotionally , the new film would have been better titled , ` Routine Tasks . '
Not so much directed as processed , hewing closely to the cut-and-dry inspirational template .
The movie injects doses of humor into a deadly serious subject . Be sure to bring tissues since this crowd-pleaser will elicit tears of sadness , hope and joy .
It seems there 's one jackass doctor for every desperate father in America .
Mediocre medical drama is too heavy for young viewers .
The movie has several good performances , but the storytelling is without emotional peaks and valleys ; it 's flat . It 's also clumsy .
At first glance , it feels like one of those inspirational weepies TV used to churn out , with a seasoned actress like Elizabeth Montgomery playing the flinty heroine .
The whole affair has the atmosphere of a disease-of-the-week drama .
Even its potential worth as a tool for universal health care coverage is compromised by the fact that it 's even more likely to bore politicians than a stodgy slide show presentation on the subject .
Your heart ca n't help but be moved . Your brain ca n't help but groan .
Quite average , but not horrible . Forget about those claims in its TV ads that it is more inspirational than The Blind Side . It 's barely more inspirational than Avatar .
Fact-based drama about a father 's fight to find a cure for his children 's debilitating disease is intelligent and involving .
Far from an awful film , it 's merely a completely inconsequential one , forgettable in a way that used to be acceptable during the CBS Evening News on a Sunday night but is n't when you 're paying modern prices for a movie ticket .
Should n't this be playing Sunday night at 8 p.m. on CBS 9 instead of five times a day at the cineplex ?
Extraordinary Measures battles to overcome the ` disease of the week ' tag - and eventually succeeds .
Extraordinary Measures , Mediocre Movie .
All the usual landmarks along the inspirational-movie highway . - NERVE.COM
The film deserves and Emmy award and yes , I am aware that the Emmy 's are for television .
Vaughan has a tendency to underline , italicize and boldface the emotion when no such emphasis is needed .
As the film builds to a credulity-testing climax , there is less schmaltz than you might expect from the screenwriter of Chocolat -- though the filmmakers seldom hesitate to milk the Crowley kids and other Pompe-afflicted children for tears .
Few films on this topic so clearly illustrate the competing agendas and cut-throat capitalism of America 's for-profit health care .
... a film so bent on hiding and joking its way around its subject matter that it simply becomes a TV movie with recognizable faces .
Ford inhabits the role the way his character inhabits his well-worn jeans and t-shirt .
Extraordinary Measures is a terrific TV movie . Too bad it 's not on TV .
Extraordinary Measures requires extraordinary tolerance for bathos , bombast and plain old unpleasantness .
The story is poignant and compelling , but ultimately the film does n't have the heft it needs to fill out the big screen .
I know this sounds like faint phrase , but Extraordinary Measures could have been dreadful , and it is n't .
An inspiring drama about a man who possesses great perseverance , a spiritual character quality that includes patience , flexibility , and resilience in the face of challenges and constant change .
A missed opportunity .
Movies like this love to trade on their good intentions and make it seem like it 's your problem when you feel trapped in your theater seat , fidgeting and pretending not to be checking your email , praying for the end credits to roll .
The film has the feel of real life to it as , without doing anything fancy , it plumbs the depths of a parent 's love , a parent 's desperate devotion .
Harrison Ford is always watchable in this otherwise routine tear-jerker .
Ultimately about how feeling and objectivity can work together , and also about how the protocols of medical research and development can both enable and obstruct progress .
The movie is a generally insipid feel-good production that 's high on sentiment and manipulation but low on genuine drama and good acting .
Solidly well-crafted and engrossing drama .
I 'd feel worse about beating up on this overly-earnest tearjerker if the ` based on a true story ' part of the equation were actually true , but it 's not .
A story that 's not just dauntingly square but massaged to the point where you ca n't trust it at all .
There is so much barking in this movie , you 'd think it took place in a dog pound .
Not subtle , exactly , but within the range of mawkishness that is acceptable to humans .
Perhaps an accurate representation of the current state of health care in the United Sates , Extraordinary Measures is all about the healing powers of a good business plan . It 's not exactly inspiring stuff .
Director Tom Vaughan seems to have put more thought into that five-second title card , `` inspired by a true story , '' than he put into the rest of the movie .
the kind of instantly forgettable film that seems to have been designed to play in empty multiplexes in the early weeks of the year before the movies that people actually want to see finally start coming out .
Parental Content Review
As a motion picture arriving in theaters , it is nothing but a noble , unspectacular TV movie that will cost audiences ten bucks a pop for the luxury of not having to sit through commercial breaks .
Here 's the most extraordinary thing about Extraordinary Measures : I sort of liked it .
It 's a relief to report that , after suffering a chronic case of Hysterical Trailer Syndrome , the new film Extraordinary Measures has made nearly a full recovery and is resting comfortably in stable condition .
Ford 's participation , and the grandstanding performance he delivers , raise it from a middlebrow TV-style weepie to a higher plateau of quality . Intermittently , anyway .
Medical research might be dramatic as hell for those who do it , but hunched nerds in lab coats do n't offer much excitement for average movie goers .
Fraser works so hard playing a devoted dad , it 's damn hard not to root for him .
Plays as though the Lifetime Network were being pumped into the theatre . Unfortunately , there 's no remote to change the channel with .
a different twist on the disease-of-the-week movie ... finds its drama in two Davids up against the Goliaths of joint venture capitalists , big pharma , corporate politics and the FDA , and it works , mostly .
Unfortunately , director Tom Vaughan appears determined to deliver every minute detail of the Crowleys ' story .
The teamwork of the actors may seem bland at first , but it grows into something spikier . Ford and Fraser tap into both their ability to generate movie-star charisma and their considerable talent for character acting .
There might be a poignant movie based on the true story of a father 's devoted efforts to help his ailing children , à la Lorenzo 's Oil . But this tediously told tale is not that movie .
A slack , well-meaning disease-of-the-week drama of the sort one might encounter on the Hallmark Channel .
Extraordinary Measures will probably be slapped around for being square and clumsy , but there is also something new and fascinating about it .
Extraordinary Measures feels like one of those old disease-of-the-week flicks from a couple of decades ago -- predictable , programmed , feel-bad/feel-good melodramas forgotten as soon as you tossed away the last Kleenex .
The person you really feel sorry for is the talented Keri Russell , who plays Crowley 's understanding , patient wife . If anything , she 's more lively and watchable than Fraser is , but she does n't get that much to do .
Ford - and Fraser - make this melodrama , with all its suits and lab coats , more watchable than it has any business being .
Note to TV networks : If you 're looking to break into theaters , it 's probably unwise to start out with a programmatic , by-the-book TV movie that implies your new theatrical-film imprint will be playing things safe and bland .
Fraser brings earnest sincerity to the role of the heroic dad , but all the lip quivering in the world ca n't overcome the movie 's turgid presentation .
It 's unsurprising that the first movie released by the new film production outfit CBS Films is something that looks and tastes an awful lot like a TV movie of the week .
Makes it abundantly clear what a worthwhile endeavor curing disease can be ; why anyone thought making a movie about such an achievement is another matter altogether .
as tailored-for-television as a movie can get without containing actual commercial breaks
If nothing else , this movie arrives just in time to fan the flames a bit more during the heated health care debates , an every man for himself , survival for sale health care from hell thriller .
Fraser , who 's in way over his head skill-wise , sabotages the movie every time he 's on screen . Which is almost every scene .
Even if this feeble film were n't based on a book with a gigantic plot-spoiler title , it would still feel like something you endure more than watch .
You can find more provocative medical crises on TV every week of the year , albeit without this film 's headliners .
This is a remarkable story . I think the film lets them down . It finds the shortest possible route between beginning and end .
Does n't reach far beyond its smallscreen genotype as a disease-of-the-week telepic , despite the star power of Brendan Fraser as the desperate dad and Harrison Ford as an eccentric , ornery researcher .
Looks and feels remarkably like a made-for-TV movie but for the star presence of Brendan Fraser and Harrison Ford .
Even moviegoers with a soft spot for uplifting family drama will have a hard time sitting through this one .
Plods along with rote sincerity until reaching its foregone conclusion .
There 's nothing cinematic about this turgid tearjerker except the slumming presence of movie star Harrison Ford .
The road to mediocrity is paved with good intentions .
Extraordinary Measures is n't extraordinary . It 's simply safe .
If I was crying when the lights came up , it was only because no one had yet found a cure for the common TV movie .
Harrison Ford executive produces and stars , as `` angry Al Pacino '' , in a Hallmark TV movie .




@highlight

Despite a timely topic and a pair of heavyweight leads , Extraordinary Measures never feels like much more than a made-for-TV tearjerker .