Predictable and unrealistic .
As a brutish action movie in the John Carpenter vein , the film has certain inalienable rights : it 's allowed to be crudely satirical and cheaply lurid . It achieves this quite entertainingly , though it 's not entitled to drag on for as long as it does .
Last time I checked , murder was n't the only crime available to commit , so maybe it 's time to shift the franchise in a completely different direction during the fateful night to keep the series relevant
DeMonaco stops short , abruptly only scratching the surface with his observations about politics and religion , choosing to favor painting evil with laughable broadstrokes .
Because of that timing , Election Year may not be a great movie , but as it closes with Bowie 's `` I 'm Afraid of Americans , '' it does feel like a relevant one .
The Purge becomes reality the same way any real-world horror does : by the consent of the governed
The problem with this film is that it 's halfway between the action and a heavy reflection that , despite the solemnity , is still innocent . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's an allegory painted in broad strokes , but several set-pieces are nail-biters , and more than once it captures the insanity of election campaigns with stark clarity .
The clichés weigh things down as it becomes a rescue mission movie in the final act .
The Purge : Election Year definitely aims higher than its predecessors but ultimately becomes too weighed down by its nonsensical premise and over-enthusiastic political commentary to be anything close to insightful or scary .
The most interesting of the Purge movies to date , though Anarchy 's social satire was far less muddled .
While I may question the logic from time to time in writer-director James DeMonaco 's latest film , I found the overall story surprisingly clear , balanced and even symmetrical .
... Election Year is a B movie with brains , balls and blood ...
More interesting than most popcorn thrillers .
A franchise that 's run its course , the satire feels limp and the anger muted .
It 's aggressive , psychologically layered , and ultimately not interested in taking its violence too seriously .
A film with an interesting premise , but unfortunately not so much on execution . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The purge is nothing but a satirical exaggeration of the US second amendment .
No one can deny the commitment of the cast , but the law of diminishing returns dictates that it 's time for the Purge to go .
The Purge : Election Year feels like a franchise that is running out of ideas .
In the present political climate , rapiers are out as a satirical weapon of choice ... With the US presidential election getting ever more surreal and savagely stupid , letting rip at the American body politic with a chainsaw appears the only recourse .
A few hints of stagnation aside , this franchise remains a terrifyingly trenchant dystopia . A brutal vision of an America not far removed from our own .
DeMonaco could n't possibly have foreseen the insanity of the current political situation , but all the issues he raises take on an added level of topical resonance .
The Purge movies continue to inhabit their own cinematic no-man 's - land : too silly to be mistaken for piercing social commentary , they 're also nowhere near as absurd , macabre or chilling as recent developments within our actual political sphere .
DeMonaco serves up plenty of chases , shoot-outs and gory killings but , amid all the mayhem , he soon loses sight of the political subtext .
-LSB- A -RSB- run-of-the-mill threequel , delivering occasional bursts of preposterous , tongue-in-cheek fun but nowhere , nowhere near enough .
The result is a roiling casserole of bad-taste jolts - lynching trees , parricidal Lolitas , `` murder tourism '' , gallows gags about racist mobs - but each one pulls its weight and makes its point .
The premise of The Purge never stopped being a nifty high concept . But this loses narrative interest after about 10 minutes .
Anyone on the hunt for the kind of 80s thrills that came with living vicariously through VHS will find that Election Year ticks many boxes .
It 's just a shame that the dialogue and plotting ca n't match the message and the jolts of well-executed genre thrills . It 's bold and kind of fun , but this is a step down from Anarchy .
Election Year is not exactly subtle , but it is stirring to see a marquee film have a crack at America 's violent malaise .
Takes the social commentary even further and in the process makes the silliness less enjoyable .
For the most part , the film has an impressive sledgehammer effect that , like the Purge itself , you have no choice but to go along with .
A film that gives a story about political -LRB- and physical -RRB- resistance with interesting characters . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Election Year undoubtedly delivers what viewers want ; violence , relatively decent characters and an opportunity to imagine how well they 'd fare themselves in the same situation .
Election Year maintains the nervy tension that made the first films entertaining , but doubles down on the political metaphors , overwhelming you with its soap-box rhetoric .
Repetitive , stereotyped , outdated and , worst of all , criminally boring .
Given the macabre grotesquerie of American politics and culture in our own election year , the time seems right for a great horror series to reflect it back at us . The Purge is n't that series .
It delivers the violence and mayhem you 'd expect from a Purge movie , but it also does n't shy away from exploring a lot of the important issues currently plaguing our nation and even our society as a whole .
Third ` Purge ' delivers political insanity .
DeMonaco 's command of the material is confidently self-assured start to finish .
The Purge takes far too much glee in presenting its violence like a beautiful fever dream , undermining and muddling its solemn political messages at every possible turn .
Its politics are aggressively trashy and polarising - just like in America 's real Election Year -LSB- but -RSB- despite its political drive , there is just too much ` B ' under its bonnet .
Bloody , violent and ridiculously adrift , The Purge : Election Year has failed to cash in on its potential and has settled on a meandering ending to the series , reminding us all that it was probably never really that good to begin with .
For audiences who want mindless mayhem , the films never really tip over into that , and for anyone who wants to see this idea fully explored , you may leave frustrated . At least this time , it feels like the dart is on the dartboard instead of in the wall .
The `` social commentary '' is just an excuse for a violent action fest . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
What seemed like a disposable B movie has turned into a surprisingly good franchise . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
With a tag line -LRB- ` Keep America Great ' -RRB- inspired by the season 's scariest serial -LRB- the Trump campaign -RRB- , the third ` Purge ' film is more a grindhouse ` Hunger Games ' chapter than the sharp-focused terror exercise of the 2013 original ...
This third entry in the franchise is better than the second , and that one was already better that the first one . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film that succeeds as social commentary , yet all the brutality and violence demerit the thriller aspect of it . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
As a director , DeMonaco has the subtlety of a hippo and a dark sense of humor . Just what a film like this needs to work . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The best purge yet . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Election Year is the best of the trilogy in terms of visuals and concept , but the idea of the Purge itself is losing edge as real-life mass shootings screen regularly .
While it 's still a long way from being original , writer-director James DeMonaco has the good sense and integrity to not repeat himself , making the third movie much more entertaining than one would reasonably expect .
The dialogue and acting are too silly to be taken seriously , while the ultra-violence and ham-fisted socio-political angle is presented too seriously to have much fun with it .
Represents the thumbprint of a filmmaker who is inspired enough by the injustice of the world around him to see it as a viable laboratory for film observation .
Purge no more , horror fans . The time has come to return this franchise from whence it came : the recycling bin .
We all want to watch what happens when crime is made legal , but deep down we all want to root for the heroes . That this series allows a viewer to have its cake and eat it too is only one of its cleverer aspects .
This is n't to object to The Purge : Election Year 's specific politics ; rather , it 's to balk at its simplistic monotony .
Fascistic and subversive , appealing to the homicidal maniac lurking inside everyone who has ever experienced something as simple as road rage .
Like most `` exploitation movies , '' the `` Purge '' franchise is deeply moralistic at heart .
On paper , `` Election Year '' is the most loudly political of the three films with an `` America 's Choice '' backdrop . But whether it manages to fully relish the opulence at its disposal is another story .
The focus here on battling political ideologies -LRB- pro-purge versus anti-purge -RRB- makes this third entry stand out in the series .
Whatever subtlety these movies had is long gone by now .
Without anything to chew on , and with barely enough story to fill an hour -LRB- let alone 105 minutes -RRB- , ` Election Year ' becomes tedious and dispirited , much like the actual election year .
While providing surreal action and food for thought , one other point needs to be made : this is a movie in which the black and white characters are part of an ensemble .
When The Purge movies started , they played vaguely with psychological ideas ; this time around , the themes have turned political , but irritatingly simplistic . Poor filmmaking choices do n't help .
The action is largely routine and the dialogue rarely more than functional , but DeMonaco , marshalling the franchise 's best production values yet , shrewdly taps into the angry zeitgeist .
The tattered shreds of sociopolitical commentary left by the fusillade are hardly worth the mass casualties depicted onscreen-not to mention the agony of the moviegoer .
The Purge : Election Year represents writer/director James DeMonaco 's attempt to squeeze one more movie out of a premise that has run dry .
Viscerally effective but intellectually indefensible ... By adding jejune socio-economic commentary to the mix , -LSB- it -RSB- pretends to be making a point about inequality in America while still just appealing to the audience 's vicarious bloodlust .
The shocks of The Purge have grown stale with characters firing the f-bombs and slurs with the awkward excitement of a 12-year-old trying out a curse word for the first time .
In my review , I avoided the temptation to compare the movie to this year 's real life election year . Barely . Of the now three , this is the best and not bad for this genre .
The writer/director has a lot to say , but this neo-grindhouse framework is n't built for complexity . Still , the film is just bonkers enough to work .
As they say in politics , this election was close , but no cigar .
It takes a while , but by the time the political elite gather in a church and begin washing their knives in holy water for the ritual human sacrifice , you know The Purge : Election Year has finally gotten into gear .
The Purge : Election Year is an OK sequel for die-hard fans of the series , but it wo n't win any new converts .
Whereas the first two succeeded in explicitly condemning society 's lust for carnage , Election Year opts to revel in it . It 's a disturbing development in the series , especially given the times we live in .
The Purge has evolved into a binge-worthy franchise .
Election Year not only gives us the best story , set of characters and performances to date , but does a great job expanding on its point of view , even if does n't always see that expansion through .
Everything about this film feels very much like a Carpenter homage , but , unfortunately , that means that it is more `` Escape From L.A. '' than `` Escape from New York . ''
If Election Year had depicted Muslims like it does Christians there would be picket lines greeting every theater showing the movie .
The Purge series hits a stunning low with this astonishingly incompetent third entry ...
It would be one thing to bait the viewer 's blood lust and then punish them for it . But the films command an audience that 's enchanted by its displays of blood-drenched yahoos in kooky masks satisfying their barely repressed psychopathy .
Mostly it 's more of the same from this stalled series . It 's time someone purges `` The Purge . ''
Plays out like a straightforward but otherwise unremarkable thriller that never works enough with its more interesting themes . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Profanity , etc. - Also Available -RRB-
The violence is too tantalizing , too stylized , too fetishistic - the film features killers dressed in fanciful Halloween costumes who dance and sing as they dismember people .
You can practically hear the `` wake up , sheeple '' whispers around every corner
it 's evident the Purge franchise is less about catharsis and more about regurgitating tropes in uninteresting ways .
The tension the director/writer has infused in the story is relentless . It 's just the unnecessary efforts to make the story bigger , coupled with a predictable plot , that leave it the least compelling of the Purge movies .
As the story plays out , the dramatic tension bleeds away and the political analogy becomes as butchered as the Purge 's many victims .
The glorification of violence in the movie is pretty upsetting , and that 's coming from someone who 's a fan of the first two installments .
The Purge movies are crudely slapped together B-movies that indulge in sadistic violence while wagging a finger at the society that craves it . While there 's nothing remarkably improved in the third instalment , it feels far more immediate and relevant .
Like its predecessors but perhaps even more so , `` The Purge : Election Year '' is a thematically loaded conversation starter .
Call it a dystopian vision of Trump 's America if you want , but `` The Purge : Election Year '' is terrifying because it 's not as far-fetched as we may want to believe .
`` The Purge : Election Year '' takes itself just seriously enough to provide the expected measure of fun - a blend of aggression , release and relief .
In any other era , it would make a tidy profit and quickly be forgotten . In 2016 , it might just be the movie of the year .
The biggest , baddest , berserkest Purge so far .
Like the election it clumsily invokes , the lively third Purge is as thrilling as it is silly .
These have never been movies that really care about the politics of its near-future dystopia , and they have always ended up being more hypocritical than incisive .
What once seemed like design weaknesses in DeMonaco 's speculative fiction - the willful incoherence of his allegory and the scattershot quality of his satire - now feel like a natural extension of his schlock-and-awe sensibility .
At this rate , the next sequel might turn out to be a genuinely good movie .
Since the first Purge was a hit , we 've been forced to admit there 's more anger in the world than we realized . At Trump rallies , people readily rip off that mask of civilization
` The Purge : Election Year ' is a feature about extremism - political and religious - carried to its farthest , well , extremes . The NFFA followers who support the Purge see it as a cleansing of the country and treat it as a religious experience . ...
Some thrillers scare us , really effective ones upset us . While the craft of `` The Purge : Election Year '' is amateurish , the film is almost eerily well timed .
Series writer/director James DeMonaco 's trilogy capper is the best of the bunch , exploitative drive-in fare sure to incite audiences by capitalizing on the current political zeitgeist .
Writer-director James DeMonaco 's main tactic , when not coming up with dialogue like `` Run . Fast , '' is simply to have bad guys blown away by good guys who keep sneaking up behind them .
It 's a terrible movie , ugly and ridiculous , missing the zeitgeist by a country mile .
DeMonaco crafts a surrealistic survival chase merging dark political satire with a sleazier version of Walter Hill 's Odyssey update The Warriors .
The opportunity for a smart , razorlike dissection of contemporary issues falls away at every opportunity to gratuitous scenes of excessive violence that render any message or subtext completely reductive .
Even DeMonaco seems bored by the sieges , escapes and gun battles . Silly one-liners are the only saving grace , and that 's because such acting veterans as Williamson know how to sell them .
It 's nice to see an action movie take more than a passing interest in where our country is at the moment , and then exaggerating that moment into the realm of shrewd exploitation .
A long , vulgar ad for Hillary ... DeMonaco may have something to say , but his movies remain too stupid to say it .
There are some good ideas in there , even timely . But eventually , like everything else in the movie , they 're washed away in a sea of blood and a hail of bullets .
Considering the possible horror of President Trump , terrorist attacks and mass shootings , The Purge : Election Year arrives at a complex time , requiring more wit and nuance than just bloodshed .
A fetid slice of US exploitation cinema that chides audience members while ineffectively whipping them into a frenzy .
It 's not necessarily a good film , but what Election Year lacks in quality it makes up for with a deft understanding of its audience .
Continues to tap into very believable oppression and outrage , and the outer limit of how greatly you might lay your body down for a platform and a person . A natural endpoint offering far tougher face-offs against real-world ideas than you may expect .
With a down-to-Earth supporting cast-all hail action-star-in-the-making Betty Gabriel-Election Year is edge-of-your seat mayhem cut together with chainsaw grace .
... more a firefight-filled chase film with strident political subtext than horror film .
Election Year 's only real stance - besides be sure to vote in November - is that America is violence . God bless the U.S.A. God save us all .
Movie No. 3 in the action-horror franchise again tackles hot-button topics in an entertaining , if artless way .
For all its flaws , Election Year has those baseline pleasures associated with violent American B-movies of the 1970s and '80s - that mix of simplicity and scuzzy , juicy execution .
The most chilling thing about the film is neither the violence nor the rather heavy-handed sociology , but how its nervous , paranoid mood mirrors our own .
Writer-director James DeMonaco 's third chapter in the thrill-kill vigilante franchise is the best and pulpiest Purge yet .
It prides disreputable genre thrills at the expense of making coherent points about class inequalities , political exploitation , or man 's inhumanity .
The Purge 's satire is not of a particularly subtle or sharp variety , but it 's deeply effective .
There 's not a lot of nuance or sense in the third `` Purge '' movie . But it still manages to coast on a combination of self-awareness , crowd-pleasing carnage and a plot that ties perfectly into current events .
An outrageous political commentary for an era of outrage politics . It waffles between being completely irresponsible and completely necessary .
Because of the prescience and weight of its plot , Election Year has more legs than its earlier installments , even though it sags in the middle .
The weakest Purge movie is still pretty passable , despite its more cartoonish , action-centric mindset .
After three disturbingly violent films , this may be a concept that deserves to be purged .
Do n't be surprised if this third installment hits a sweet spot for audiences looking to get away from the real life election year we are currently facing . And frankly , watching Frank Grillo do a little damage is always worthwhile .
The Purge : Election Year is a gruesomely violent , wall-to-wall action horror flick that is owned by Frank Grillo . It 's a B-movie with a budget that smartly embraces the pulp .
The pretense of a self-reflective political message makes The Purge : Election Year the most distasteful kind of exploitation . The franchise is a cautionary fantasy that is allowed to have fun with the dystopian premise , but you ca n't have it both ways .
Though ` Election Year ' keeps up appearances as savage social critique , it sometimes says , ` Eff this , ' and prods us into cheering on murder with a big , satisfied smile on our face .
There is potential after Election Year for another sequel , but maybe it 's time this current trilogy takes its own advice and lowers the firearm .
It 's not as good as the last film , and it probably wo n't change any hearts-and-minds , but this third ` Purge ' film remains a potent work of cultural criticism .
It 's a grim world of nasty pleasures here , the kind you wo n't feel guilty about unless it all somehow comes true in 2017 .
While some fairly unconvincing theories are tossed out in frequent debates concerning the underlying purpose of the Purge , they mostly remain within the limits of the film 's fundamental themes of exploitation and disenfranchisement .
`` The Purge : Election Year '' is a scurrilously effective pop rabble-rouser - a movie that 's been built to get you riled , and does .
Effective as it all is - even with an over-reliance on jump scares - `` The Purge : Election Year '' is , like the rest of the films in a series , an ugly one , reliant on scenes of sadism and depravity .
Writer/director James DeMonaco has brilliantly tailored the film 's political milieu and anti-establishment bent to this year 's election , exploiting our country 's current anxieties for maximum horror .
DeMonaco is having fun this time around by injecting as much carnage as possible .
Political discussions take a back seat , way way back , to a combination of clownish villains in Halloween-style costumes and seen-it-done-that shooting gallery action .

@highlight

It is n't particularly subtle , but The Purge : Election Year 's blend of potent jolts and timely themes still add up to a nastily effective diversion .