Director Robert Clouse works the material for efficiency and optimum thrill , while providing a buoyant visual style to the action .
A pop-masterpiece , and one of the finest pieces of pure action cinema ever made .
As in even the very best Kung Fu movies , mayhem ensues , especially once hundreds of fighting champions storm the island in an out-of-control melee that Lee walks through with complete cold discipline .
A pretty excellent action film that gives -LSB- Star -RSB- Lee the chance to play the dashing hero ...
Enter the Dragon is the first classy Kung Fu movie specially designed for Western audiences , and that 's not to be confused with first-class .
-LSB- VIDEO ESSAY -RSB- From a historical perspective of cultural influence , Bruce Lee 's last movie is a martial arts film of epic proportions .
The acting is wooden and the sound effects are even worse -LRB- especially in terms of voice dubbing -RRB- . But the fight scenes are excellent especially in reference to Bruce Lee .
The only real disappointment about Enter the Dragon is that it is Bruce Lee 's last movie .
The chop-socky film to beat them all .
If kung fu is now the standard badass language , Enter the Dragon -- featuring Lee 's great slow-burn stare -- is the first grammar lesson .
It 's worth catching this schlock art film to see Lee play a 007-type super-agent , who is an expert in kung-fu .
Presents a powerful , kinetic ballet by a martial arts master at the peak of his form -- just try looking away from him .
Rising popularity of the Chinese martial arts as screen entertainment climaxes in fine crescendo in this violence-drenched actioner .
Nonstop action is what these films are about , and that 's what you get here .
Ripping entertainment overall , with just enough meat for amateur sociologists .
... it 's still great entertainment and remains a first-class action thriller in first-class style .
High karate and low kitsch ... Forget the dopey James Bond plot and train your eyes , little grasshopper , on Lee as he takes on army of henchmen , demonstrating his revolutionary kung-fu moves and a fire-breathing squint .
Worth seeing for Lee , but still unforgivably wasteful of his talents .
The granddaddy of martial arts movies
On an adventure level , the performances are quite good . The one by Mr. Lee , not only the picture 's supermaster killer but a fine actor as well , is downright fascinating .
For martial arts fans , this is THE one . -LRB- I 'm not such a fan . -RRB-
The opening drums in Lalo Schifrin 's musical score can give you chills .
It 's easy to see why Lee was -- and still is -- such a big star . He had a charm and charisma that few have . The camera loved him . He had that special undefinable quality that James Dean , Marilyn Monroe , Humphrey Bogart and a few others have .
Sit back and marvel at the Master ; you wo n't find a better showcase for his skills .
Lee 's last movie of note features him in full prowess .
Bruce Lee 's best film , and sadly , his parting opus .
... one of the all-time best martial-arts action films ...
One of the great action films . Pure fun .
It is a meld of the decade 's most pronounced filmic conventions -LRB- the long forward zoom ; scoring with disco-inspired funk ; brief gratuitous nudity ; the archetypal Afro -RRB- .
If you 're just now getting into the old-school martial-arts flicks , start right here .
Enter The Dragon marked a new high point in Bruce 's ability to marry brilliant choreography with dynamic shooting styles .
The best of his short lived career .
A classic of its genre that must be seen by any self-respecting movie buff .
Certainly one of the baddest movies there is -- in every sense of the term .
No one could overstate the degree of Lee 's international star power and influence . He honorably held his place in a line of great action stars that goes all the way back to Douglas Fairbanks .
A incredibly entertaining piece of cinema .









@highlight

Badass to the max , Enter the Dragon is the ultimate kung-fu movie and fitting -LRB- if untimely -RRB- Bruce Lee swan song .