There 's an ambition to Forsyth and Pollard 's work that 's hard to deny , as well as a refreshingly quixotic commitment to tweaking the generic conventions of the promotional piece they 're making .
The structure of Cave 's day feels contrived at times , and there are moments when his ramblings cross the line into self-indulgence , but for the most part this is an intimate , warm film that genuinely gets into the head and heart of a dark , brooding soul .
-LSB- The directors -RSB- give us a filmed curio cabinet of relics and recollections akin to the video for Johnny Cash 's cover of `` Hurt '' if he had given us a tour while singing .
`` Something happens onstage , '' Cave says , `` where you forget who you are and become someone else . '' As much as any documentary can , 20,000 Days on Earth allows us to bear witness to what goes on in that process .
The film has a cinematic ambition to which it admirably lives up , not only in its bold structure and impressively moody cinematography , production , editing and sound design , but also in its plethora of imaginative and unconventional touches .
Nick Cave says he is n't interested in things that he understands . Yet this distillation of the man himself -- reflective and sensitive , and inventive -- tells you much about an artist 's understanding of his art .
If you 're not already a fan of Australian-born rocker Nick Cave , the hyper-stylized documentary 20,000 Days on Earth will make you one -- and increase your knowledge of and appreciation for the artistic process at work .
The title refers to the fact that the day chronicled is ostensibly Cave 's 20,000 th alive , though the movie is so slowly paced that 20,000 days seems more like the running time .
Near the end of the movie , Cave talks about living in the ` shimmering space ' where imagination and reality intersect . He 's talking about words and music , but he could be talking about 20,000 Days on Earth .
It 's unlikely to appeal beyond Cave 's core fan base -- but they are sure to love its sheer eccentricity .
Like his live performances and recorded works , the tortured dark figure and the aesthetics of the film bring together an intriguing three-dimensional mythological scrapbook .
Forsyth and Pollard are visual artists-turned-filmmakers and their fine feel for the romantic possibilities of lighting and composition shape every frame . They 're less sensitive to the line that separates drama from pretentiousness .
An intelligent and revealing look at one of rock 's last true iconoclasts .
At this movie 's dark heart is the disarming self-awareness and intelligence with which Cave cops to raiding , mythologizing , and cannibalizing his memories , be they exquisite or banal .
I 'm not sure whether 20,000 Days On Earth is a documentary , an essay film or a work of complete fiction . I do know I enjoyed it , so it does n't really matter .
This excellent documentary considerably deepens the Nick Cave we know .
This film about Nick Cave utterly rejects the established tropes of the rock doc .
Co-directors Iain Forsyth and Jane Pollard have put together an enigmatic piece .
You do n't just meet and learn about Nick Cave in `` 20,000 Days , '' you feel him .
Singular exercise in self-indulgence , introspection and tongue-in-cheekiness by the solemn and magnetic Cave .
It sounds like so much attenuated tosh , but this bold , unique gem is bright , funny , brooding , hopeful , momentarily visionary , a wounded beauty exploring the creative process in a fresh and oft-brilliant fashion .
Utterly mesmerizing and original .
You might come away wishing he 'd remained a bit more enigmatic . Then again , that morose rascal is probably just having us on .
Avoids being an indulgent profile of a tortured artist , and Cave appears confident but egoless .
For the uninitiated , it offers a demonstration of what is so mesmerizing about this performer , who is by , his own description , `` a kind of ostentatious bastard . ''
What 's great about this `` documentary '' is that it delves deeply into Cave 's notoriously fussy creative process without ever becoming stodgy or dull .
Visual artists and first-time feature directors Iain Forsyth and Jane Pollard have given 20,000 Days a potent mix of the raw and the cooked .
One of the wonderful things about 20,000 Days on Earth is how it explores that lengthy creative process without apologizing for a single moment of expression .
The film is so incessant on bolstering Cave 's repute and noble struggle with the art of songwriting that it ca n't help but seem bloated and self-important .
It 's a wondrous mix of the momentous and mundane , the profound and the perverse , with Cave blues-talking his way through the goofy juxtapositions , the darkness , and the light .
It 's right up there with the best rock documentaries . That is , if you can call it a documentary .
Maybe `` 20,000 Days on Earth '' is a vanity film . But maybe Cave has earned the right to be vain .
Whether or not you love his music , the sheer intelligence and poetry of his lyrics , his hip-swivelling suits , his retro black Jag and achingly cool hair make 20,000 Days on Earth a documentary worth watching .
-LSB- Nina Simone -RSB- put a spell on him , and now Nick Cave , with his lugubrious sleights of hand , does much the same to us .
A documentary clothed in the robes of a dream
Flits between handsome neo-noir pastiche and ripe psychological melodrama .
Yet for all the undeniable self-regard - we are very , very fond of ourselves - 20,000 Days on Earth remains an effective , occasionally moving piece of work .
I 'm not sure it can be considered a documentary at all , at least not all the way through . But `` 20,000 Days '' offers an exceptionally intimate portrait of an artist who has sometimes sought to resist explication .
This documentary about one day in the life of Nick Cave brilliantly encapsulates what makes the writer/musician tick , and does so in bravura style .
Forsyth and Pollard 's approach is reverential rather than critical but the film is beautifully shot and its impressionistic approach is a welcome antidote to that of most rock docs .
Accompanied by a valuable ruminative voiceover from Cave himself , pondering the interconnectedness of his many narrative songs , the whole artefact offers a fascinating portrait of an artist and performer with a relentless drive to create .
Certainly for any fan of Cave 's , 20,000 Days on Earth makes for a creative , enthralling journey through the man 's world .
You 'll never know quite when 20,000 Days on Earth ends , or when it begins - but the feeling of being caught up right in the middle of it is unforgettable .
If Mick Jagger attempted something like this , it would be excruciating .
For me , the talking is great , perhaps more than the music , and there is something a tiny bit narcissistic about the lengthy clips of those live shows .
It may not be an access-all-areas portrayal of one of rock 's most enigmatic characters , but then , where would be the fun in that ?
No ordinary rock doc , but nothing particularly special either .
It 's more than just a screen biography : it 's a meditation on an artist 's mythology and creative spirit .
Much like the man himself , it is gloriously oblique .
20,000 Days On Earth does n't try to be a journalistic , comprehensive study of its subject -- but with so much texture and atmosphere on tap , it does n't need to .
An unclassifably weird hybrid of documentary , fiction , and stream-of-consciousness meditation on the creative life , according to Renaissance man Nick Cave .
Cave knows he 's not young anymore , and wo n't always be able to control his work or how its perceived . Watching him act accordingly is really inspiring .
The results are remarkably intelligent and entertaining , even for someone who -LRB- like this writer -RRB- finds Cave 's music rather dirge-like .
20,000 Days On Earth is itself an act of performance , a chance for Nick Cave to offer his own version of Nick Cave to the world .
' 20,000 Days on Earth ' is a beautifully shot piece of film poetry that ruminates on the practical implications of the highly unusual way of living that is rock stardom .
The pervasive mood is a brooding hyperawareness of time and the brevity of existence . Sensationalism and salaciousness are minimal .
This is a doc with , among other things , a firm sense of place , and not just your random filmed Q&A with an interesting guy .
This fictionalized documentary will be essential to Cave fans -- it offers some nice , frank insight into the artist 's past and his creative process .
We spend one day on Earth with Nick Cave , from dawn til dusk , via family , friends , a recording session and a gig , but it 's just a neat device , and much of the film plays out like drama .
Cave 's wittily hard-boiled voiceover and on-stage potency complete the picture : a properly artful portrait of an artist in total command of his myth .
This fiercely beautiful amalgam will sweep you up in its masterful , thrillingly macabre embrace before sending you swooning out of the cinema . It 's like waltzing with Count Dracula .
20,000 Days on Earth is a transfixing and bewitching film , most particularly for its punch-drunk immediacy and dedication to living in the now .
Pieced together in a fittingly arch , self-conscious style that fits Cave like a dark black glove .
This wo n't be for everyone , but longtime Cave-men -LRB- and women -RRB- will be bewitched , along with a fair share of folks drawn in simply by the film 's unique investigation into the mind of an artist .
An immaculately crafted -LSB- music documentary -RSB- , absorbing both for -LSB- Nick -RSB- Cave fans and those hungry for an insight into the coursing of his creative juices .
The film follows the moods , tones and structure of some quintessential Cave songs ; in this way it proves to be an astonishingly thoughtful , respectful , bold and intriguing piece of work . Let 's face it , if you 're a Cave fan , you 're going to love it .
The man , the myth , and the music could only have been captured in this way , in a revealing , thrilling doco-dramatisation hybrid that 's part portrait , part peering into the artistic abyss .
-LSB- Nick -RSB- Cave runs the gamut , from deftly cerebral to darkly comic .
Some lines of questioning - his past as a junkie , and his relationship with his late father - penetrate -LSB- Nick -RSB- Cave 's outer layer of cool in a subtle , yet incisive way .
I struggled to find a reason to care .
I think it 's really well made and the concert scenes at the end are fantastic
A grand tour of music , memory and transformation is contained in 20,000 Days on Earth .
20,000 Days On Earth is elegant and elusive , artfully arranged and visualised by Forsyth and Pollard .
Nick Cave , the man , the myth , the legend , reaffirms his status as those last two things , at least , in 20,000 Days on Earth ... -LSB- It 's -RSB- mischievous and magnificent , like the man himself .
As poetic and downright weird as the snake-hipped icon at its center , 20,000 Days On Earth is a messy and endlessly fascinating look at one of music 's great wild men .
Part documentary , part drama , part audio visual patch work and all around engrossing look at the myth and music of a dark soul and his many complexities .
There 's nothing extraordinary about it , but it 's an entertaining curio .
In the wake of the reflective documentary 20,000 Days on Earth , exploring Nick Cave 's ` now ' refracted through the fragments of his ` then ' , shows a person driven to create at whatever the cost .
Shot in atmospheric , grainy ` Scope by Erik Wilson , this elegant study looks less like a documentary than like a highly staged thriller , a piece of brooding provincial noir .
In a backhanded way , this considered , half-fictional approach perfectly serves an artist who has always been in the process of making and remaking his own mercurial image .
It 's a documentary , transformed into something greater . A memory , rewritten for us to explore ...
This innovative study of Nick Cave playfully disguises itself as fiction while more than fulfilling the requirements of a biographical documentary .
While the doc should prove essential for Nick Cave fans , it should be inspiring for those interested in the creative process or anyone searching for their muse .

@highlight

Revealing yet respectful , 20,000 Days on Earth is essential viewing for any Nick Cave fan .