While it 's hardly genre-changing , this is a nice dose of fun , family entertainment .
Everything about this `` Race '' comes off as a cheap also-ran , with little of that ol' Disney magic anywhere to be found .
While the shootouts and sprinting manage to entertain in a decidedly PG fashion , Fickman 's little touches stuffed into the corners of the frame lend Race the personality it dearly needs .
Race to Witch Mountain is pretty standard kiddie fare : Cute , precocious children are protected by a world-weary , wisecracking father figure and one-liners abound .
Boring and unoriginal , this new version might have some fancy visuals and a loud soundtrack but they 're just a smokescreen for how boring and lifeless the film is .
A reasonably satisfying family film that updates things while staying true to the adventurous , sci-fi spirit of the originals .
If it 's possible for a movie to be agressively bland , Race to Witch Mountain is that movie . -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB-
... suffers from a pervasively stagnant atmosphere that effectively drains the energy right out of its high-octane moments ...
Race with your kids to see it .
There are no sustained characters of any kind , despite some capable acting talent . There is no believable relationship between the characters . There is no attempt to develop any of the political issues the film touches upon .
Race to Witch Mountain is the first kids ' film in ages to have action beats that measure up to Hollywood 's grownup action fare .
In 35 years , people probably will have forgotten ` Race to Witch Mountain ' the way my generation has amnesia when it comes to its 1975 predecessor ` Escape to Witch Mountain . '
Johnson holds his own against the cute wunderkinder , but nobody 's a match for the f/x onslaught of the noisy climax .
This kids ' adventure from Disney is amiable with nice performances .
The result is a disappointingly unadventurous adventure , with characters and events that never involve us .
There are decent special effects , and Johnson can play it tough while also being a kid-friendly presence .
Cue a not very dazzling chase movie .
Family audiences in search of Easter entertainment will not feel disappointed by what is basically one long chase and the film will make a great theme-park ride .
This surely has to be the last of the series .
The pre-Star Wars Disney sci-fi adventure Escape to Witch Mountain gets a 21st-century reboot here , with beefed-up action , hyperactive editing and even a few shout-outs to George Lucas 's blockbuster classic thrown into the mix .
In the long run , one would be advised to walk slowly and sluggishly , not race hurriedly , to the so-called new and improved findings at weak-kneed Witch Mountain .
This is a great idea that does n't reach the heights it should .
Once the action gets going , it 's easy to forget that the plot has left for the planet La-La and just enjoy the fun .
An unexpectedly entertaining mixture of good , clean Disney fun with some rather more modern action scenes , lent charm by Johnson 's natural swagger . One of the better family films in a while .
It 's pacy all right , but glib and uninvolving for grown-ups , though perhaps furnished with enough in the way of spaceships , lasers and digital explosions to pacify undemanding little ` uns of an afternoon .
It 's a rattling good chase movie . The young aliens have useful tricks . Johnson is the contractual comic liability . Perfect holiday nonsense .
Witch Mountain is a full-throttle adventure that features at least half a dozen cracking action sequences , some adult-pleasing comic one-liners .
Race To Witch Mountain promises sci-fi but ultimately delivers lo-fi . Its themes are predictable and its look generic : this is one Race you may want to sit out .
One minute Seth is solid enough to stop a speeding 4x4 , next he 's panicking over an approaching UFO . Such cheating robs the film of tension : we need to know limits to start caring .
While this is n't a bad film , it 's a touch too dry and maybe even a bit too slow for it to be the rush it should be .
Race proves a fun , snappy update to a goofy kiddie cult film .
The cast of Race to Witch Mountain do their best , but they 're let down by some poor effects and a lazy script .
This completely revamped action movie is enjoyably watchable , even though there 's not a moment of suspense in its squeaky clean plot .
Johnson is effective , at least at first , but is ultimately let down by creaky production and a script that runs out of ideas long before the end , forcing most characters to yell `` Watch out ! '' for the last twenty minutes .
A proficiently made sci-fi family adventure , this updated reimagining of Alexander Key 's book hits the spot for its target audience plus parents , for whom the charismatic presence of Dwayne -LRB- The Rock -RRB- Johnson counts for plenty .
Reminiscent of a tiresome carnival ride whose operator abandoned it and left it to run for 90 minutes .
Remember the BMX chase scene from E.T. ? Now imagine that bicycle chase scene being stretched out to a full-length movie ...
A gleeful throwback to the era of Disney 's '70s live-action movies that aimed only to offer good clean fun .
-LSB- The Rock 's -RSB- skill at making the transformation from an `` aliens are all around us '' skeptic to a true believer is the rock solid foundation -LSB- for -RSB- this delightful kids ' flick .
If only they had told that Predator dude to go back to the right set ... .
Some kids might like `` Race to Witch Mountain . '' But more discerning kids might not .
AnnaSophia Robb and Alexander Ludwig are fine , but this ' X Files ' for small fry has about as much heft as a bubble of swamp gas .
a decent and at times entertaining bit of kid-centric fantastical escapism that alternates its hectic chase sequences and special effects spectacle with comedy involving government conspiracies and a geeky sci-fi convention .
Writers Matt Lopez and Mark Bomback , with director Andy Fickman , have seasoned this empty-calorie feast for easy digestion .
` Witch Mountain ' has heart , humor and a touch of magic .
The planet-hopping children have special talents -- telekinesis , telepathy etc. -- although it is the high-wattage lovability of Mr. Rock that 's the real superpower on display here .
Despite its obvious contrivances , it 's cornball sci-fi fun .
A safe piece of family entertainment that manages to be entertaining instead of bland ...
This new version may appeal to the target audience of young kids , but for adults , it 's a bit of a slog to get through .
By the numbers Disney flick ; okay for kids but bland for adults
Race to Witch Mountain finds new ground that makes it fun and suitable for young children
Back to Broke Mountain .
Saves its best for last and emerges as an enjoyable and competent bit of family entertainment .
Dwayne Johnson shines alongside rising star AnnaSophia Robb , but the film 's cookie-cutter plot and adolescent script make Witch Mountain hardly worth racing to .
There is so much in this film that needed to be tweaked and enhanced to really make it special .
I think most kids and certainly most adults are going to find themselves bored .
While this film may not qualify as classic science-fiction and takes some liberties with author Alexander Key 's material , at least it 's fun .
The original is at least kitschy fun . So rent that before you even think about spending $ 40 for the family to see this .
Yt another example of Disney 's slick movie making machine - designed to churn out sleek family flicks with the sole objective of making mountains of money .
-LSB- C -RSB- hock full of too many rote car chases and bad guys who spout clichés ... Do n't bother with the film at all if you 're not a fan of -LSB- Dwayne -RSB- Johnson , or of the woefully underappreciated Carla Gugino ...
Witch Mountain is n't nearly as soulless or crass as other recent Disney remakes , but it 's definitely louder .
Race to Witch Mountain holds no surprises -LRB- even granting that it 's a remake -RRB- .
Witch Mountain is n't escapism but a feature-length reminder that things are bad all over .
... exactly as advertised : a sci-fi race to save the aliens and save the world -LRB- while dropping plenty of hints for a potential sequel and franchise -RRB- .
Dwayne Johnson 's Race to Witch Mountain plays out like a kiddie franchise starter kit .
... certainly not in the E.T.bracket .
The film lacks soul and is straight out of Disney cookie cutter land , especially the cheesy low budget special effects . But somehow the film works for me , it 's just a nice little diversion .
Expect Disney violence , which means greatly curbed , implied destruction laced with explosions . And a lot of running to and fro . This IS a chase film .
Though this is squeaky clean and one you can be totally comfortable taking kids to see , it needs the comic relief of a funny sidekick and some humor .
It 's not just bad like some kids movies are bad because they 're dumbed down . It is wow bad .
Race to Witch Mountain remains unconvincing , cliché ridden and devoid of any real fun , despite the earnest efforts of star Dwayne Johnson .
A fun , heart-racing adventure . This one has it all .
If you 're expecting a shot-by-shot remake of the original movies , you 're going to be sorely disappointed . However , this is a safe and exciting adventure for the family .
If Disney insists on raiding its own vaults for remakes , maybe they 'll have better luck with The Laser-Vision , Missile-Launching , Face-Shredding Cat from Outer Space .
Sci-fi remake is action packed and intense for a PG film .
Those who are nostalgic for the 1970s films may be disappointed , but the new version , a hybrid of remake and reimagining , is innocuous crowd-pleasing Disney family fare .
The movie has Johnson , who lifts the script above its conventional cat-and-mouse stratagems with his buoyant wiseacre timing .
A stunningly incompetent family adventure film that fails on all levels of art , intelligence and even basic technical proficiency .
An action movie for kids that adults should have no problem sitting through .
Wow , when Disney misses the ` reimagining ' mark , it really misses .
The head-cracking , explosions and gunplay eventually get out of hand , considering that , revamp or no revamp , Witch Mountain is still a Disney film aimed squarely at kids .
proves that some remakes can be just as entertaining if not more so , than the original .
This is not a story that cries out to be remade every 15-20 years . And , while the special effects and acting are getting better , the story is n't .
The Rock charms you through the worst of it , but the effects are cheap , the dialogue is about as challenging as a Hannah Montana episode , and the pace manages to be both brisk and numbing .
For all that energy , the film never really goes into orbit .
Bears all the signs of having been composed by an inferior race of alien screenwriters from the Hackulon System .
A fast and furious wild ride of a movie in which the good guys are good , the bad guys are good and the car chases are pretty spectacular .
Director Andy Fickman does an OK job of keeping all the balls in the air , though when it comes to loud but bloodless action , he 's all thumbs .
Race To Witch Mountain is fast and furious and the action is bound to please children , who are the target audience .
It 's a fast , funny , frightening and family-friendly movie , an affectionate tribute to the original , and a vintage thrill ride enhanced by modern visual trickery , crazy characters -- and a soupçon of skepticism .
A couple of 10-year-old boys all hopped up on concession-stand soda would be ideal companions for Disney 's latest : Race to Witch Mountain .
Race to Witch Mountain is n't magic , but it moves .
Although Race to Witch Mountain is about space travelers , little soars here . The film is so by-the-book -LRB- and we do n't mean Key 's 1968 novel -RRB- that it 's hard to recount it without reverting to blahblahblah .
The result may not be a diamond in the rough , but it is a nice , shiny zircon .
The cost of hitting every demographic sweet spot is a movie that 's suitable for all ages and recommendable to none ; with Johnson in enforcer mode , it 's a little like a generic R-rated science-fiction thriller pre-edited for television .
Las Vegas cabbie helps two children thwart an alien invasion . Clever updating of a 1970s Disney franchise , with a good cast and plenty of action .
... . if Fickman 's sole mission was to create a film that will keep children thoroughly enthralled , then it 's safe to say he easily achieved his goal .
Parental Content Review
As much I disliked Disney 's excuse to make more money , I now know that Nationwide is on my side . The product placement is atrocious .
... a numbing , pedestrian outing . It looks cheesy too .
Nearly everything 's amiss with this falsely frenetic revamp of Disney 's 1975 live-action movie ` Escape to Witch Mountain . '
Slicker , darker and funnier than the original films , though wall-to-wall action makes it a bit of a one-trick pony , and prevents the characters from catching their breath and displaying more than one side .
A movie with plenty of action , and not much story
Modest and diverting , rough and bland , with some good -LRB- if not quite Bette Davis caliber -RRB- actors and so-so special effects .
... a film so incompetently directed and poorly written that it insults kids ' intelligence , much less the adults who brought them .
I 've seen Disney put better looking productions together for their cable television channel , so much of this looking so horrible and unfinished it makes the special effects of the previous efforts look like excerpts from The Matrix .
Kids will want to root for their alien counterparts on screen . But they are second fiddle to the Rock wracking it up .
The sort of earnest , haphazardly constructed kidflick that offers nothing for the over-12 set and not much for little ones who 've seen a few real movies in their young lives .
A slick but pointless work that will probably do well for a weekend or two but which will quickly fade from memory even as the original continues to attract new legions of fans .
Less of a race than a slog .
a textbook `` crowd pleaser , '' a movie made to really resonate with the lowest common denominators in the demographic
Everything 's a familiar plug-in from contemporary pop culture , every new development is brisk , bloodless and banal .
Johnson 's warmth and star power and some cool effects are fun even when the storyline drags a bit .
A new family classic the entire family can actually enjoy .
While Escape was superior in story , Race does commit to an impressive scope .
Race to Witch Mountain is a satisfying snack of a family adventure . It does n't condescend to youngsters or shortchange adults .
This is not a movie . It 's a coming attraction for a theme park .
Two brainiac outer space superteens who can translate dog barks into English , save the universe if not the world with help from The Rock and Watchman 's Silk Spectre Gugino , stuck at a UFO expo for true believers . Kid friendly but this trip needed more gas
Mediocre family fare that 's simply not that much fun .
Race to Witch Mountain '' is made for kids , with a mix of family-friendly thrills and conspiracy mythos and special-effects action ... think of it as `` The PG Files . ''
Smarter than it trusts itself to be .
Given enough popcorn , kids should find it diverting ; adults may be less than enthralled .
It 's all fairly enjoyable , but also predictable and occasionally corny .
It cracks skulls for thrills ; I 'm uneasy that the MPAA prigs see the Disney castle at the opening credits and think nothing of its conscienceless , consequenceless thuggery .
Like so many of Disney 's revampings -LRB- see Flubber -RRB- , it 's merely another disappointing attempt to revive the old chestnuts by larding them up with special effects .
A flavorless sci-fi family picture that fools itself into thinking it is more grandiose than it is . Has all the thrills of a race between a slug and a hermit crab .
The film does n't really have a plot . It 's more of a premise , cartoonishly executed .
Race to Witch Mountain moves fast enough to minimize its flaws , and its good nature is most welcome .
... while `` Race to Witch Mountain '' rarely rises above the functional , either as storytelling or as visual kinetics , it moves like it means it and keeps Johnson front and center , either fuming or sputtering .
More like a pile of small , strange rocks that somehow landed in the same hole .
Instead of the next Schwarzenegger the Rock is the next Guttenberg and we have Disney to thank for it .
This is a fun movie , but Disney was wise to cut it off at 98 minutes . More would have been too much .
The story , acting and dialogue somehow came out weaker and creakier than before .
In the tradition of Disney live-action films from the 70s , it 's all very low rent .
Since Seth and Sara only appropriated the bodies of human teenagers , I was left with a couple of questions .
Cracking one-liners and alternating between world-weariness and growing affection for his charges , Johnson is wonderful -- much better than his material .
Action and sci-fi thrills blend nicely with comedy in one of Disney 's best action movies this side of Jerry Bruckheimer .
All noise and action , overedited shootouts with blaring music .
Johnson continues to flex his muscles as a charismatic screen presence , and here once again demonstrates his ego-free willingness to make himself the butt of jokes even as he does his derring-do .
It 's a pleasant-enough diversion . Who knows , maybe the sequel will improve on this . Because from the looks of things at the end , there 's bound to be one .
Unfortunately , there 's simply no way to take something that was once fresh and transform it into a referential collage of all that followed without caving to every imaginable genre cliche in the Hollywood playbook .











@highlight

Despite the best efforts of a talented cast , Race to Witch Mountain is a tepid reboot that lacks the magic of the original .