This kitchy movie arrives as a quirky and funny footnote to `` Million Dollar Baby , '' and dispels any notion that these brawny pin-up women were ever anything more or less than a batch of tough broads .
It 's a fun , and fascinating exploration in to the world of female wrestling ...
There is a great film to be made about the grappling glamazons who helped blaze a trail that lead to legitimizing women 's athletics . This is not that movie , however .
Lively and charged with a furious nostalgia ...
Fails to deliver much in the way of engagement or thrills .
Talk about being ahead of your time . Most of these women were living independently by the age of about 15 , and took their place in a man 's world through herculean effort .
Leitman gives these golden girls a voice -- that is the film 's success . The failure is the narrative .
Leitman gives us a comprehensive array of pinup photos , news clips and wrestling footage from these women 's younger years , and gives the women plenty of camera time to emerge as individuals and personalities .
The film dwells more upon the sensational aspects than the sport itself but it 's impossible to deny the sheer tawdry entertainment value in this compelling film tabloid .
Do n't expect the inside scoop so much as an unsatisfying slice of life .
Hugely entertaining .
What we get is essentially the press-book version of their careers , which is harrowing enough .
That octogenarians can be so full of antagonistic joie de vivre is one of the giddiest revelations of Leitman 's film .
Too shapeless ... but the topic is worthy , and the onslaught of trivia and quirky anecdotes hold interest for the film 's 75 minutes .
Does n't succeed in its attempt to make a feminist statement , with too many of the wrestlers sounding like male athletes who talk in excruciating detail about high school football seasons that everyone else forgot .
Docu moves at a snappy pace , threading together recent interview material with a treasure trove of vintage footage .
Never more than a collection of small stories that do not amount to much or rise above the level of a small soap opera
A dynamic portrait of the quintessential tough broads who staked their claim to the spectator sport in the 1940s and '50s , becoming stars of the circuit .
It 's totally slammin ' !
Despite a couple key oversights , this film can sometimes be as immensely entertaining as the guilty pleasure it portrays .
Overall a highly entertaining and frequently fascinating effort .
... as Leitman admits , she knew nothing about pro-wrestling before making the movie , and she still does n't seem to know much .
An entertaining and bittersweet documentary about the pioneers of female wrestling .
The uneasy , unnerving air of the carny hangs over this film , and it gives off a pungent whiff of how rough , rowdy and raucous , how inescapably down and dirty , these women 's world could be .
One ca n't help being enthralled .
What a gutsy , sad , seize-the-day , glorious life it was for the women warriors of Lipstick & Dynamite .
There 's a sweet warmth emanating from Lipstick & Dynamite .
Even if this is n't a great film , it still has plenty of amazing stories from some great women .
Ruth Leitman 's generous , slyly tough-minded documentary about the pioneers of female wrestling features an all-star lineup of rough-talking , no-nonsense broads .
Unfortunately , the filmmakers let the ladies prattle on too long about issues that would only matter to the most rabid wrestling aficionados .
-LSB- The Fabulous -RSB- Moolah 's relationship with her fellow wrestlers gives this documentary a touch of All About Eve .
Ruth Leitman 's documentary is more of a scrapbook than a coherent history of professional women 's wrestling during its rough-and-tumble infancy .
An entertaining look at a genuinely offbeat subject .
Director Ruth Leitman 's interviews are lax and inconclusive .
Collectively , the Lady is a Champ -- but the general story is of too slight a treatment to merit an entire feature .
The non-stop swirl of anecdotes from which the film is assembled lacks sociological resonance .
A minor novelty film about minor novelty acts .


@highlight

This documentary on the early days of women 's wrestling features an array of colorful , compelling personalities .