Do n't miss this exhilarating film ...
There are much better contemporary movies about dealing with the dynamics of being handicapped or wheelchair bound and overcoming obstacles , such as Rust & Bone , Amour , and The Diving bell and the Butterfly .
Without getting into spoilers , can I just say how refreshing it was to watch a film about a physically challenged person that did n't end on a total downer ?
Gives its subject too light a treatment for the life-affirming message to feel earned .
This pleasant , predictable , fact-based tale of an unlikely friendship between a quadriplegic and his carer hits all the sweet spots a feel-good movie must .
In the wrong hands this film could have been a sentimental mess . Luckily it 's not and instead of being a film about labels , it 's about people and the healing power of camaraderie .
I think a lot of people are going to enjoy it but I think it also tries too hard to please that audience and it just shrieks , aiming at that middle bar .
The problem is that if , while you 're having a good time with these characters , you start to think about the wider implications of the film , you might find yourself somewhat less enthralled .
Is The Intouchables an enjoyable movie if you overlook a few potentially queasy-making scenes ? Absolutely . Is it great filmmaking in the neighbourhood of art ? Nope .
Oscar-nominated , lauded at festivals overseas and now , one of the most successful French pictures of all time , The Intouchables is simply irresistible .
The two heartfelt central performances from François Cluzet and Omar Sy will inject you with happiness
Capturing the unspoken shorthand , the adventurousness and the humour essential to enduring friendships makes the The Intouchables must see .
Buddy movies do n't come more moving , funnier and more successful than The Intouchables , based on a true story
There are countless magical moments worth recounting - many with humour and involving the clash of the classes - it is not surprising that the film has been a runaway hit in France and elsewhere in Europe
The cliches are so skillfully navigated only the heartless will fail to be charmed .
It 's a situation ripe for culture-clash comedy , a set-up that co-directors Eric Toledano and Olivier Nakache exploit with gusto , as Driss takes stock of his opulent new surroundings and Philippe rediscovers his appetite for life .
Based on the true story of an unlikely odd couple who give each other a new lease on life , this French comedy-drama is almost irresistibly engaging
It 's not subtle . It 's not innovative . But it guarantees good humour , pranks , japes and welling-up for two hours .
Sweet French drama about unlikely friendship has some edge .
The film 's dominance of the global box office is entirely justified and hopefully it will break through that foreign language glass ceiling in the same way as the likes of Amelie and Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon .
It 's as slick as an oil spill , as sugary as an eclair , and many moviegoers will find it irresistible .
There is something so fatuous about the whole farrago that one will never again believe the old saw that the French are more cultured than the Brits and could n't possibly be taken for this sort of gooey ride .
Veteran French star Francois Cluzet and award-winning comedian Omar Sy are both excellent and the chemistry between them really crackles .
A comedy aiming to please crowds .
The film relies heavily on cliche and cheesiness .
For once , the hype is justified .
Enjoy it before the English language version comes out .
Everything conforms to classist and racist cliché .
Ultimately , it 's an unashamed feelgood movie devoid of any real dramatic shocks , preferring to coast along in a pleasing - if unchallenging - formulaic arc .
This is not a film that will change the whole world , but one that just might charm it .
It delivers broad laughs and tugs at the heartstrings without delving too deep - the very definition of a crowd-pleaser .
It 's undemanding , heart-warming fodder with mass appeal . Sadly , it 's also predictable and its big emotional beats are often harder to stomach than an overripe brie .
It just goes to show that good writers and actors can work wonders with clichéd premises .
When Hollywood gets around to remaking the hit French film `` The Intouchables , '' it wo n't be much different .
Did the script really have to perpetuate such crass racial stereotypes ?
It 's watchable because both actors have a good screen presence and bring charm to their roles .
Roaring onto the screen via a Maserati racing through the tunnels of Paris , if first impressions are everything , The Intouchables makes a mockery of the test .
An amazing story based on true characters that is beautifully acted . One of the best movies of the year .
Intouchables is not what you 'd call a `` bad film , '' but its attempts to elicit tears from its audience are simply , by now , distractingly familiar .
Untouchably good .
If you loved `` The Bucket List , '' you 'll be exclaiming , `` Incroyable ! ''
A rich , buoyant tale about the simple act of human connection and how it makes the heart sing . A witty and unabashedly crowd-pleasing dramedy that spans languages and cultures .
A stirring and thoughtful story of the power of friendship and a tribute to the strength of the human spirit .
This is a film that has everything it should need for a warm , moving experience -- everything but enough of the unexpected .
Ultimately , it 's a film that works thanks to the performances of the two leads and their interactions .
The notion that the French are possessed of superior , discriminating taste is made suspect by the success of ` The Intouchables . '
With its brash humor and emotional generosity , The Intouchables has crowd-pleaser written all over it , but there 's no mistaking the queasy racial implications .
Insofar as -LSB- it -RSB- manages to not be completely bland and obvious and boring and feel-goodish without earning it , that is because Sy and Cluzet are an absolutely top-notch pair .
Sweet and irresistibly subversive , showing why charismatic Omar Sy won France 's prestigious Cesar as Best Actor over Jean Dujardin -LRB- `` The Artist '' -RRB- .
The film 's examination of class differences is often heavy-handed and condescending ... Thankfully , the superb lead performances hold everything together .
It 's certainly possible to enjoy the movie 's canny crowd-pleasing -LRB- or pandering -RRB- calculation ; but even before it 's over , you 'll know you 've been had .
Set aside that disconcerting observation , if you can , and the film is a minor gem of nuanced performances and sublime directorial craftsmanship .
Although it is sentimental and formulaic , complete with music and fashion montages , hookers and pot-smoking along the Seine , something about `` The Intouchables '' transcends cliché .
What it provides -LRB- instead of the thematically clever dialogue of typically subtle French comedy -RRB- is biting wit , poignancy and , forsaking some structural nuisances , the summer 's best bromance .
The easygoing posture and strong casting keep The Intouchables from stumbling over vexing questions of race , class and disability .
In a sea of summer blockbusters , `` The Intouchables '' tells a story worth taking the time to watch .
`` The Intouchables '' is a special film for mature audiences . No special effects , no 3-D -- just a solid story with extraordinary actors giving memorable performances .
Features characters worth caring about , actors who are adept at making you feel for them and an inspirational narrative centered on meaningful , affecting human growth .
A box office phenomenon in France , this crowd-pleasing drama is based on a true story but sticks closely to the template for a Hollywood buddy movie .
More than a little unrealistic .
... draws on some rather egregious race clichés .
While the movie does get a bit sugary and sentimental at times , writers and directors Olivier Nakache and Eric Toledano take an evenhanded approach and do their best to let the characters speak for themselves .
The film 's eagerness to please ... pushes everything into caricature and spoils its own based-on-reality claim .
A well-acted , charming buddy picture for the subtitle set .
The Intouchables works as a crowd-pleaser not because it 's true , but because it 's a plausible enchantment .
`` The Intouchables '' is actually quite touchable .
What could have been syrupy melodrama turns out to be a charmer - due to the excellent performances and fine chemistry between -LSB- Francois -RSB- Cluzet and -LSB- Omar -RSB- Sy .
Some of the elements in the film are inexplicable and some are undeveloped , but there are a handful of nicely crafted set pieces .
It wants to be `` Driving Miss Daisy '' - meets - `` Trading Places , '' but it 's more like a cross between `` Diff'rent Strokes '' and `` The Legend of Bagger Vance . ''
Fills in the stock types with precisely the right personalities and everything clicks .
It manages to be feel-good -LRB- thanks to music from Earth , Wind and Fire -RRB- and clear-eyed .
I checked the production materials for `` The Intouchables '' and failed to find confirmation that any of this was inspired by 1987 's `` Disorderlies , '' in which the Fat Boys push old Ralph Bellamy around to his heart 's content .
It 's the classic odd-couple buddy movie setup , only it 'll pull at your heartstrings , whether you want it to or not .
The movie rests squarely on the chemistry of its two leads , and I defy anyone not to be delighted by the both of them .
Centers on a great , splendidly acted character who should n't be seen as a racist stereotype just because , say , he does n't want to sit through a four-hour opera . Neither do I !
You do n't have to completely buy into the premise of The Intouchables to appreciate the very good acting by Cluzet and Sy .
It has warmth , humor and an understated sweetness that is not to be taken for granted .
`` The Intouchables '' has an element of truth that it never quite recognizes .
Omar Sy 's bonafide star quality is truly ` intouchable . '
That rare French import that aims no higher than adorable and hits its target every time .
... certainly full of cliches and makes a few missteps , but this is genre fare done extremely well ... Sy explodes onto the screen with a star 's confidence and charisma , bigger than life and bursting with it .
It 's a funny yet humane crowd-pleaser , based on a true story , which sidesteps clichés about race and illness in a breezy comic treatment of subject matter that is usually quite dramatic .
... a laugh out loud love story between two completely dissimilar heterosexual men ... the directors do a terrific job of maintaining the pace so it flows seamlessly .
` The Intouchables ' is a charming , funny film with two winning performances ; in short , a crowd-pleaser .
You 'll wearily throw in the towel , and the take-no-prisoners performance of Omar Sy will win you over against your better judgment .
Movies in which black characters , however nuanced or well meaning , act in subservience to whites , often raise hackles . For me , it all depends on how it 's done .
The majority of the film keeps to an appealing pace and study of friendship , shedding histrionics to tell a tale of dependence explored by two men learning to live on their own .
In trying to tell the story of an honest , sincere friendship , the movie comes off as an entirely dishonest and insincere .
Two very different men , joined for purely businesslike purposes , finding their way to an intuitive , interdependent and quietly fulfilling union .
From `` It Happened One Night '' to `` Trading Places , '' it 's yet another entry in the category of `` rich people need ordinary folks to show them how to live it up . ''
An exuberantly charming French buddy comedy that proves an audience will suspend disbelief and follow an unlikely story as long as it 's superbly crafted .
It is possible to summarize the experience of watching `` The Intouchables '' in nine words : You will laugh ; you will cry ; you will cringe .
Occasionally sentimental yet far from maudlin , it succeeds because both of the characters are fully realized and the lead actors share a playful rapport that convincingly transcends class and culture .
The film fulfills its feel-good promise , as long as it 's seen as the fairy tale it was meant to be .
The immensely enjoyable Intouchables ... also broaches social taboos with a politically incorrect wit that flays what 's considered off-limits .
Not a great film but a warm one that pushes the viewer 's emotional buttons so deftly it feels like a massage .
The material is programmed to stimulate funny bones and tear ducts in a reassuring alternating pattern .
What I see in The Intouchables is a tasty bonbon spiked with mirth but light on malice . Omar Sy and François Cluzet are superb actors .
The movie , while inherently patronizing , is frisky and mostly likable . But its amiability depends on airbrushing potential sources of misunderstanding , both cultural and political .
This French dramedy is totally winning , with a pair of performances that fit together perfectly .
There are plenty of reasons not to like `` The Intouchables , '' but Omar Sy 's terrific performance blows right past them .
Endearing and exuberant comedy about unlikely friends who help each other overcome handicaps-physical and otherwise .
The Intouchables is a movie about life , love and the enduring power of Earth Wind & Fire . You have been forewarned .
The rare crowd-pleaser that reaches for something more -- a rich , buoyant tale about the simple act of human connection and how it makes the heart sing .
Sy and Cluzet give their parts more conviction than they deserve , even when the former is forced to re-enact the falsetto-singing-in-the-bubblebath bit from Pretty Woman .
How did such a safe , familiar tale become such a super-sized smash in France ? You 'll have to ask the French .
Cluzet has the daunting task of trying to strike a powerful contrast while acting only from the neck up , and he pulls it off with stoic , bemused grace .
Apart from the wince-inducing moments , The Intouchables is often a pleasant buddy picture .
Enjoy this movie for what it is - the kind of motion picture that can cause Champaign-like giddiness - and do n't obsess over how true-to-life this work of fiction is .
A playful and compassionate French film about an unconventional caregiver and the quadriplegic man he looks after .
The funniest comedy in years , and the most touching story of genuine friendship since The Shawshank Redemption . Only a cynic would be able to resist its charms , humor , and humanity .
There is n't a rough-edged subtlety that the film-based on a true story-doesn ' t make every effort to soften for mass consumption ...
I enjoyed `` The Intouchables '' quite a bit .
A cheeky dream-drama about the friendship between a rich , white quadriplegic and a penurious black job-seeker , the premise of The Intouchables alone nearly renders analysis redundant .
Savoring such moments ... is like selling your soul to the devil . You 'll pay for it later , but they please as they play .
The film is an embarrassment .
-LSB- VIDEO ESSAY -RSB- While some audiences will find fault with the film for advancing racial stereotyping , `` The Intouchables '' is a well-crafted comedy built on humanitarian values .
It 's a distinctly American response to view this through the prism of race , simply because the characters are black and white - and a willful misreading of what it 's about .
A true crowdpleaser that rises above its simple premise to deliver one of the most joyous and memorable film experiences of the year .
It 's hard to muster much enthusiasm for a movie that leans so heavily on regressive culture-clash shtick and unimaginative stereotypes .
Though never known for their subtlety , French co-helmers/scripters Eric Toledano and Olivier Nakache have never delivered a film as offensive as Untouchable .

@highlight

It handles its potentially prickly subject matter with kid gloves , but Intouchables gets by thanks to its strong cast and some remarkably sensitive direction .