Within the forgettable musical numbers , and the boring climax , I just could n't force myself to find one thing positive about this .
It all comes down to what it often does : a dumb concept , an uninspired plot , and characters we never grow to care about , much less love .
This bouncy Western musical-comedy adventure is long enough on charm , but wisely short and sweet at 76 minutes . It 's also totally bereft of innovation ... -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB-
Not a classic , but cute and fun for families .
Freed from the tyranny of dimensionality and realism , the animators indulged in one of the most goofy , silly , cartoony projects made at Disney in years .
The Disney animation horse has officially bolted .
Assorted movie in-jokes should keep parents tolerably entertained , and Alan Menken 's songs mercifully favor western swing over the expected twang pop .
At last the humble cow has been recognised for more than simply gracing Gary Larsen cartoons .
The film is garish and frenetic but absolutely lifeless .
... only very small children will be able to label it anything more than a pleasant diversion .
Adults will enjoy saddling up and going for the ride -- possibly even enjoying this moo-vie more than your kids . It 's udderly hilarious !
One must n't carp too much ; the film unfolds at a sprightly pace , making it fair fodder for undemanding sproglets .
The screenplay , however , smacks of desperate studio executives who are out of touch with today 's audience .
Click to read the article .
It 's all very competent , but rarely inspired .
The problem with this movie is that it needed to be funny .
If you have children , I think they would like it .
... youngsters wo n't mind the silliness ; but I doubt they 'll understand the old Western-movie stereotypes and clichés they 've never heard of .
Home on the Range , pese a ser una cinta afable y que divierte a los pequeños , dista mucho de ser un home run taquillero para Disney .
A brightly amusing romp , which can truly be recommended for the entire family in that time-honored -LRB- but somewhat neglected these days -RRB- Disney tradition .
Likeable , fast-paced animation with some good gags and that cinematic rarity : a decent Cuba Gooding Jnr performance .
Judged apart from its mousehouse history it 's highly likeable , pleasantly unpretentious and plenty amusing .
Marks a return to form after such cartoon clunkers as Brother Bear and The Jungle Book 2 .
It feels like a film slapped together by Walt Disney 's board of directors and never put through the long production schedules and hard-wrought renderings of its past .
It 's a reminder that Disney can be pretty funny when it needs to be . It 's in the 101 Dalmatians range : a lot of fun , and not requiring a spoonful of sugar to go down .
There 's nothing terribly new about this animated Disney feature , but it 's still engaging good fun .
`` Home on the Range '' probably would n't even appeal to PETA .
Even if Disney production turns out to be , as many observers fear , one of studio 's last ` traditionally animated ' features , retro opus proves there 's still a lot of life in them thar cels .
It 's bittersweet that the era has to end on this accomplished , but awfully slight entry and not on a blockbuster .
Finding a creative pleasure freed from musical constraints , Home on the Range is a definite curiosity in the Disney canon .
Um filme medíocre que narra uma história batida e que merecia ter sido lançado diretamente em vídeo .
It 's short and not syrupy . There 's an undeniable proto-feminist subtext , too .
A silly , but enjoyable film , with passable humor and music , more suited for children than adults .
Disney 's soft-boiled fable wo n't lay an egg , but do n't bet the ranch it 'll be a smash .
-LSB- Disney -RSB- has succeeded in creating an enjoyable little romp that does for bovines what A Bug 's Life did for ants and grasshoppers .
This Disney tale about three brave cows that set out to save the farm is fun for kids and adults alike .
The recognizance mission staged by the movie 's perpetually preening protagonists only inspires fond memories of another animated trio .
... relies heavily on the eternal charm of farm animals .
Most enjoyable is the music performed by k.d. lang , Tim McGraw and Bonnie Raitt .
It 's worth a rental . But I 'd bet the farm this does n't stay in theaters very long .
It does n't take itself too seriously and has a lot of fun with the characters .
... a serviceable time-killer .
The animation looks second rate , laughable even , when compared to the studios direct to video releases .
The visual equivalent of the type of jokey , cowpokey , retro-Western Swing song that k.d. lang might record for a children 's album ... -LRB- And I mean that in a good way . -RRB-
Put a fork in Disney 's 2-D animation empire -- it 's officially overcooked .
Sassy enough not to feel dated , ` Home on the Range ' has a comforting , traditional feel that makes you briefly forget there 's such a thing as computer animation .
Just about everything that can be wrong with an animated movie is wrong with Home on the Range ...
The merchandising appeal of Nemo is absent , but the movie is cute and it hits all the usual beats without grating .
Bright , sassy , bouncy and short . You ca n't ask much more from an animated film .
It would have been nice to see something blowing everyone away for the Mouse 's farewell , but you ca n't have everything .
Most of all , it 's funny and full of life , hitting so many right notes it just ca n't help but keep an audience filled with young and old blissfully entertained .
It 's frustrating to note that if all of Disney 's recent animated films had been as funny , simple and pleasant as this one is , maybe they 'd have done better .
It 's a movie I think Walt would have enjoyed , and it does make one a little sad that it 'll be the last of its kind .
disappointingly drab variation on the age-old save-the-farm-from-foreclosure plot ... No wonder Hollywood is sounding the death knell for ` traditional ' animation .
There are plenty of nifty gags that will go over the young viewers ' heads , and act as enticement for their parents to stay focused .
Comes across less as a fully realized work of storytelling than as a commercial for a corporation whose goal of entertainment has been replaced by that of making money .
An overextended cartoon , stretched to its limit despite the relatively short 76-minute running time .
The cheerful , plucky characters have heart and loyalty , and that 's enough to make this a worthy family-friendly animated fest .
A steady stream of jokes aimed at both adults and kids keeps this genial entertainment galloping along at a brisk pace .
As animated features go , this is no Finding Nemo .
A pleasant enough diversion , rarely rising above cuteness but nonetheless enjoyable for its young audience .
This 76-minute Western tall tale is n't out-and-out bad , but strictly formulaic and an underachievement from the studio that made the dazzling Snow White .
It is not out to win awards or break artistic records , but rather to make us feel warm and cozy as it spins a small story that could only be called a fable .
An extremely routine entry in the Disney animated canon .
Consistently dull , providing further evidence that what Disney really needs -- an animated feature with exceptional stories and characters -- is currently beyond the company 's grasp , for whatever reason .
Proving that family cinema is where Improv-circuit gags go when they die .
It 's fun and it 's a return to form , at least in terms of story , voices and gags .
No one could come up with anything better , plot-wise , than saving the ` ol homestead ?
Even though the film runs a mere 77 minutes -- brief even by family fare standards -- it 's still too large a dose of Barr .
A desperate sense of cuteness pervades Home on the Range , from the repeated burping jokes to such groan-worthy lines as ` You go , cowgirl . '
Remember that Disney has done much better cartoons than this one .
There is a great yodeling villain and an old coot jackrabbit sidekick that would make Gabby Hayes proud . Good enough .
All the animals have great comic personalities that are brought to life with spirited enthusiasm by recognizable actors .
Quick and funny , and funny in the way that makes children laugh out loud with delight .
Mildly funny yet udderly forgettable , which means it should be stampeding into a video corral near you
Entertaining , not inspiring .
There is considerable charm and heart here .
It 's only 76 minutes long , but although kids will like it , their parents will be sneaking looks at their watches .
Even older kids will understand that Pixar does it so much better , not because of their computers but because of an intelligent attention to script and character and craft .
... traditional Disney animation could do worse than ride off into the sunset with Home on the Range . Then again , it could also do so much better .
This is true `` fun for all ages ''
It 's a relief to see ... that Disney 's animation department relocated its collective funny bone .
Just because it looks easy and the family will come out all smiles does n't mean we ought to take it for granted .
I laughed so hard I almost passed out .
Short -LRB- 76-minute -RRB- and formulaic .
While not destined to assume a place in the Disney animation pantheon , the film should reasonably entertain the small fry during the current holiday season .
Disney 's cookie-cutter animals-rescuing-the-farm story is indistinguishable from their direct-to-video fare .
If you 're entertained by the toy where ` The cow goes -- Moo , ' you 'll get a kick out of this movie . Otherwise , wait 'til the cows come home -- on video .
As breezy as an afternoon on the prairie .
... More than a few discouraging words could be said about its dull animation . The once-great Mouse House needs to keep up with the Joneses .
... interesting , if simple , story that kids will be able to understand and enjoy , while parents wo n't feel bored out of their minds .
Passable entertainment that ultimately reflects Disney 's failure to find their new groove .
Does n't commit the cardinal sin of being boring , but it comes damn close .
Animated tale of bovine heroics in the Old West is n't built from the usual Disney blueprint ... and that 's a good thing .
The writing of co-directors Will Finn and John Sanford and their characterizations are embarrassingly bad for a straight-to-theater Disney movie .
This one 's udderly ignorable .
A cow-a-bungle , a bovine bore , an udder waste of time .
For Mom and Dad , the good news is that the movie does n't run much longer than an episode of Dallas .
The animation is perfunctory , the story is as uninvolving as it isdesperate , and the gags are flat -LRB- and occasionally flatulent -RRB- .
Insufferable .
Moments of wit and heart along with sparkling musical numbers , and even a thrill or two .
It 's fine while it lasts , but it does n't stick with you , and there 's no deeper meaning than what is instantly apparent .
Maggie , Mrs. Calloway and Grace are heroines of a rather pedestrian story line , and they make it seem better and fresher than it actually is with their sweetly adversarial gibes and loose , ad-lib-like delivery .
Watch your young ` un stay glued to the screen for the length of the picture , and you 'll need no further proof of the value of a well-paced plot written in language children understand .
This film throws so much at you so fast it hopes you wo n't notice that the quality of the material is n't particularly impressive .
The plucky bovines will have you rooting for them all the way .
The writing is tame and the plot is plodding and oversimplified , even for a kids movie .
Roseanne Barr , our narrator , introduces Maggie with ` That 's me . I 'm a cow . '
Disney 's western cartoon comedy may be the first film to require cortisone treatments from jamming its elbow in the audience 's ribs so often .
An uninteresting saga without a smidgeon of creativity that peddles revenge and heroism based on egotism is not our idea of fun fare for families and little children .
Old-style animation slows down after a snappy start , but it 's lively enough to keep kids from fidgeting too much .
Directors Will Finn and John Sanford season their script with sight gags that go off like corn popping and wisecracks crisp enough for family consumption , if just light enough on the salt .
It sounds silly . And it is . But much of the movie 's charm comes from its embracing the silliness .
Keeps milking the same gags and throwing the same bull , and after a while you feel cowed watching it .
Witty and self-assured , Home on the Range ranks as one of Disney 's better efforts .
The sort of Disney product that would be more at home on the tube or the video shelf than the big screen ... at best an okay time-killer .
It is bright and colorful and goofy and I enjoyed it a lot .
The film skews young , to be sure , and it is n't as memorable as the new Disney classics of the early 1990s , but there 's still plenty here to hold the interest of viewers of all ages .
Insistently -- and constrictedly -- pocket-size , an adventure for families who 've decided on local travel for their next vacation .
Moo-ve on ... nothing funny to see here .
Another traditionally animated misfire from Disney .
Does n't rise above anything you 're likely to see on an average Saturday morning .
There is a noticeable stench in the air when the movie makes a reference to Billy Bob Thornton 's performance in Sling Blade . It 's stale ink .
Home reminds us that cartoons can be fun as well as funny



@highlight

Though Home on the Range is likeable and may keep young children diverted , it 's one of Disney 's more middling titles , with garish visuals and a dull plot .