Chalk it up as an alternative to watching a kitchen full of singing rats .
Not bad , not amazing . Just a classy romantic comedy that , like a good meal , is enjoyable enough to partake of , but the taste of which will fade soon thereafter .
Catherine Zeta-Jones controls the kitchen , but ca n't control my attention .
Like the well-known joke about Chinese fare % u2014 No Reservations satisfies while you 're sitting down at the table , but an hour later you 're hungry again .
There 's nothing in this story that you have n't seen before , and you 'll know everything that 's going to happen long before it does , yet it 's all done with such charm and style that you wo n't care .
... there 's not much sparkle in the movie and even less spark to the love story .
Bland-but-sweet dramedy more for adult palates .
This many delicious ingredients should have produced a tastier , more memorable result .
A product of the sort of steely , soulless competence that marks so very many films as the work of professionals who view this as a job , not an art form .
Everyone is now richer and better looking and it 's a good deal cuter and more sentimental .
Zeta-Jones , Eckhart and Breslin play second fiddle to Ratatouille in what amounts to romantic drama fast food .
Alas , this is one of those Hollywood copies that is perfectly decent in its acting and direction but hopelessly deficient in originality and any real flair .
While Zeta-Jones and Eckhart make an appealing couple , their chemistry never really develops due to the script 's complete lack of sauce .
Rarely likeable on screen , Zeta Jones has a hard time making us empathise with her Ramsay-style ballbreaker .
Hie me to the vomitorium , it 's a fantastically smug and boring movie about food and romance , pumped with artificial sweeteners .
There 's not an unpredictable moment in Carol Fuchs 's plodding , syrupy script ; this dreadful remake of the moderately pleasing German film Mostly Martha is misconceived from start to finish .
The ingredients of the German original Mostly Martha this time produce a cliché Chinese dish , forgotten a mere five minutes later .
Here is a romcom that has been developed on a Petri dish in some unspeakable secret department at the Porton Down biological warfare unit , designed to release a gaseous vapour into cinemas , rendering the civilian population immobile .
No Reservations is a light snack not a three-course meal . It 's too light and fluffy to satisfy .
After Nick 's opera karaoke I was ready to bludgeon my own ears off with a meat tenderiser .
No reservations about this one , folks , it 's bottom of the food chain .
This take it or leave it romantic comedy probably would n't get many Michelin stars , but it 's not the turkey twizzler you might expect .
Bland remake of tasty German romcom .
The combined know-how of Jamie Oliver and Gordon Ramsay could n't salvage the unappetising concoction that is No Reservations .
With Shine 's Scott Hicks at the helm , this is a well-presented dish , but too cloying for discerning palates .
It 's sufficiently well done to qualify as cute , quite the thing for a girlie outing with grub after , but it 's utterly phoney baloney .
Disappointing , undercooked romcom that falls flat due to the lack of chemistry between the two leads and is only livened up by Abigail Breslin 's performance .
If there 's a surprise to be had here , it 's how the predictable stream of events flow without the slightest bit of tension , manufactured or otherwise .
Director Scott Hicks is unable to capture the magic of the original , and Aaron Eckhart is miscast as the sous-chef who disturbs the culinary-driven predictability of Catherine Zeta-Jones ' kitchen .
The movie assumes Kate , so powerful , self-confident , and driven , must be `` softened . ''
No Reservations made me hungry ... for a romantic comedy not as bland and undercooked as this forgettable trifle .
Frothy but harmless bit of predictable fluff . Food looks good anyway .
... despite a lack of heat outside the kitchen , Catherine Zeta-Jones and Aaron Eckhart are engaging enough as performers to keep us rooting for them ...
More reminiscent of common ketchup than Kate 's magnificent saffron sauce , No Reservations is likeable , peopled by appealing characters , and entirely unremarkable .
Remaking a movie does n't always work , but in this case it 's like really good leftovers ... add a fresh spice or two and it 's almost as good the second time around .
The film probably wo n't win Oscars but it 's an entertaining romantic story with top-notch actors and a bit of fun and creative maneuvering in the kitchen .
Although all the performances are good , Kate 's character often rings false .
Hicks directs with polite seriousness , using too many montages and too much bland dialogue .
Whereas Ratatouille is the filmic equivalent of an entree , think of this pleasant time-filler as a particularly palatable side dish .
It 's a tragedy , a romantic comedy and a drama , with its charismatic cast navigating the manufactured highs and lows with enough skill to deepen what otherwise might have been a movie sorely lacking in depth .
For a movie so keen on the idea of creating your own recipe , it sure likes to stick to the familiar ones .
Decent , but not as good as the original .
It surpasses any romantic comedy I 've seen in a long time .
I found myself wanting to shout at the screen , ` Would you please just hurry up and have sex with your new sous chef so we can skip to dessert and go home ?! '
If you want a romantic comedy that 's mostly charming and does n't insult your intelligence or morals , I suggest this light , heartwarming summer fare -- with just a few reservations .
Honestly , the best thing you can do is go rent Mostly Martha , the 2002 German film this Hollywood remake is based very , very closely on . But if you really ca n't stand to read subtitles , then this is your next best bet .
Good , old-fashioned Hollywood gloss with smooth and winning portrayals from its three leads , and food so lusciously photographed that Zeta Jones may just be the second most beautiful sight onscreen .
While European films have a certain subtlety about them , American versions lose a little something in the translation , like taking a vintage Dom Perignon and distilling it into Pabst Blue Ribbon .
`` No Reservations '' is a bland movie about food . The show is middling fare that could have used more spice .
Zeta-Jones and Eckhart manage to turn this film into an okay chick flick that IS probably best left for the chicks .
Mired in cliches , the movie wants us to believe what it tells us , instead of showing us genuine people and emotions .
The total absence of wit and humor does n't help the meager romance .
It goes down like a cold Big Mac .
Sometimes movies make sense in a logical way ; sometimes they make only emotional sense . No Reservations makes no damned sense at all .
No Reservations is worth penciling in to your schedule , though it 's more guilty diversion than memorable feast .
Such undercooking accounts for a lot of the film 's forgettable flavor and is the main reason you 'll feel hungry again an hour after leaving the theater .
A shamelessly microwaved American rewarming of the 2002 German romantic comedy Mostly Martha .
The cast makes the film a warm and agreeable experience .
You do n't need to have been a fan of the terrific German film Mostly Martha that inspired this remake , or even to have seen the original , to recognize that her American cousin has a tendency to overcook things .
To see No Reservations is to see what 's wrong with a lot of American movies . A remake Mostly Martha , it takes a winning recipe and adds some distinctly Hollywood flavors : It takes adult characters and has them behave like children .
From Mostly Martha to Mainly Comfort Food -- by way of the Hollywood microwave .
When aunt and niece eventually bond , the moment is truly affecting . But the length of time it takes to get there underscores how thin this story is .
It 's predictable and safe , but taken on its own terms , No Reservations is also a likeable film .
It 's the blandness of the characters , the staleness of the settings and Zeta Jones ' struggle with reserve that hobbles No Reservations .
The romance is boring . Everything is blandly good-looking . The emotional beats are so programmed , you can predict the entrance of every single note of the Philip Glass dirge of a score . And the title means nothing beyond its double-entendre .
The surface is as fine and brittle as a soufflé , but the inside is just as full of air . Touch it once , and it deflates .
A soufflé of a romantic and family comedy that stubbornly refuses to rise .
The first lesson we learn in Scott Hicks ' contrived romance No Reservations is that ` there 's no greater sin than to overcook a quail . ' The second is that a blandly seasoned comedy is nearly as unappetizing .
No Resevations adds nothing new to the rom-com recipe , but its sweetness lingers .
Nice as all this good food looks , we ca n't smell it , taste it or feel its textures in a movie , which usually leaves me hungry for something more substantial to sink my teeth into .
It does n't have the freshness and inspiration of a gourmet meal , but it makes for a pretty decent reheated leftover .
No Reservations does n't ring entirely true , which is n't too surprising for the genre , but it is a cut above most offerings of its sort .
It has the smooth , caramelized sheen of a confection that goes down easy -- but wo n't be too hard to forget .
Though it loses something in the American homogenization , No Reservations is still a passable romantic dish .
In the same way that leftover food sometimes tastes better warmed over , No Reservations is a more enjoyable film than the 2001 German film on which it is based , Mostly Martha .
No Reservations may not be grand eats , but it is tasty .
The satisfying culinary romance No Reservations divides and conquers by making us crave the utterly attainable -- spaghetti with fresh basil -- as intensely as we do either of its unattainable leads .
The movie is a remake of Mostly Martha -LRB- 2001 -RRB- , a German film very much liked by many . No Reservations does n't seem to reinvent it so much as recycle it .
No Reservations , starring Catherine Zeta-Jones as a persnickety New York chef , makes a corned beef hash out of Mostly Martha , the much-loved 2001 German film from which it has been Hollywoodized .
A romantic comedy that does precious little with the considerable resources at its disposal .
The effort is more akin to laying a thick , sugary sauce onto what demands a more organic , natural purity .
`` No Reservations '' is absolutely ordinary in its predictability and blandness . Do n't expect any memorable performances or mouth-watering scenarios .
This pic could make for a good date night , but renting the original would make for a better one .
Another zesty foreign flick ground into American hamburger .
... an unabashed feel-good star vehicle ...
It 's hard to tell who 's more out of element in No Reservations : the icily beautiful Catherine Zeta-Jones playing the lead in a romantic comedy , or Scott Hicks trying to direct one .
... an amiable piece of work ...
Here is a case for remaking a movie .
Slyly sensual and succulent , it 's a deliciously delectable froth in which food is the metaphor for love and life .
No Reservations is a factory-sealed romantic comedy . But the emotional details of its characters ' journeys are surprising , honest and life-size .
Watching it would have the exact same impact on you as not watching it .
I have no hard feelings toward adult-oriented escapist cinema , but there 's a robotic quality to No Reservations that keeps the film from soaring .
So color me pleasantly surprised because Hicks ' version -LRB- written by freshman scribe Carol Fuchs -RRB- is easily the director 's best since his Oscar-winning 1996 opus Shine .
One of those movies that just treads water , filled with obvious developments , demanding nothing .
Warm , genuine , and a pleasant surprise .
The result is like one of those fancy frozen dinners that look so tempting in the picture on the box but turn out to be flavorless glop when you actually sink your teeth into them .
Sure it has some cheesy moments and a way-too-convenient ending , but it means well and has a poignant core that feels true to itself .
The film , directed by A-lister Scott Hicks , positively glows -- sweet , understated , never too cloying , it has a light touch with metaphors and a charm that formula ca n't keep down .
No Reservations has no surprises , but it is lighthearted and loving enough to make up for it . It 's one of those movies that is entirely predictable , yet , you do n't care .
Everything in it is designed to make you feel better , so why does it feel artificial and palliative in that really depressing way ?
a sweet enough genre piece
No amount of chemistry or comedy could make what 's always bound to happen next seem any less predictable .
All involved , in fact , hit their marks on the way to the picture 's warm , fuzzy , complacent denouement .
It would have been nice to have some heat in the kitchen .
A sumptuous celebration of the joy of food . Scene after scene is punctuated with tantalizing glimpses of haut-cuisine delicacies and mouth-watering talk of food . My stomach growled all through the movie .
Alas , not even Eckhart and Breslin can get Zeta-Jones to simmer .
One of the few movies out there that does n't stoop to low-brow humor and bad-taste elements . The film 's humor and drama is sweeter and comes from believable character and story development .
No Reservations is diverting because of all the gleaming food on display . For those of us who ca n't stand the heat and so stay out of the kitchen , the intricate preparation of quail with truffle sauce is a wonder to behold .
Carol Fuchs 's silly , mushy script has her character swerve without warning between obtuse rigidity and sweet normality .
No Reservations succeeds as well as it does -LRB- kinda sorta -RRB- by virtue of Zeta-Jones ' performance
The movie gives a modest level of pleasure , mainly because of Stuart Dryburgh 's handsome , varied cinematography and the performances of the leads .
A zesty concoction of offbeat , temperamental characters who do their best to resist one another in matters of the heart , while also swallowing a whole lot more than their pride .
Like bland cooking , No Reservations may look appetizing , but it 's missing some key ingredients -- it 's lovely , but relatively tasteless .
There are moments that work , but on the whole , this production just does n't flow well , does n't drive , does n't build to climax . One other hindrance : the heavy-handed score .
What the film lacks in substance it more than makes up for in style .
Five years from now , this bland and forgettable throwaway will be remembered only for Breslin , who will by then be a poised and gifted 16-year-old actress -LRB- as long as she keeps out of Lohan-like trouble -- please , Abby ! -RRB- .
An appropriate palate cleanser in between noisy summer action flicks .
The salacious close-ups of saucepans and gnocchi and quail guarantee it : After seeing No Reservations you 'll be hungry for a really top-flight meal . And , to go with it , a better film .
Will Kate , too , fall for Nick ? Only every single person watching the movie knows for sure .
Might have been worth recommending had the film cut to end credits during a key sequence set to Liz Phair 's `` Count on My Love . '' Unfortunately , director Scott Hicks trudges forward with plotting that gets dumber by the minute .
No delicacies here . No Reservations is just as bland and predictable as a frozen TV dinner .
There 's no question how No Reservations will end , which would be just fine if the film made getting there even slightly pleasurable .
Falls short , mostly through the inclusion of cringe-inducing dialogue like , ` I wish there was a cookbook for life . '
On paper , it had to look like a guaranteed chick flick for the Food Network generation . On film , though , it 's too tepid to work .
Breslin , that little thief , steals another average movie from her elders .
There 's already a crazy behind-the-scenes restaurant movie out this summer , and it 's got a better story , and it 's a cartoon , and it stars a rat .
No Reservations ? I have some reservations .
Based on the popular German comedy Mostly Martha , it does n't leave a bad taste . It does n't leave much taste at all , save perhaps for the cloying echoes of Velveeta cheese .
just right for fans looking for a little romance at the movies this weekend .
Where Mostly Martha managed to fold its rather plotty conceit into an organic world of people and problems , in this stubbornly torpid remake , the conceit props up the characters and vice versa .
The ingredients of a delicious romantic comedy are left slightly undercooked in this remake of 2001 's Mostly Martha .
Blaring opera in the kitchen and talking to the fish , Eckhart is the Patch Adams of the culinary world .
A charming cast and an elegantly restrained Philip Glass score elevate the middling to the fairly sublime .
A great big cheeseburger of a movie ... For those who have been waiting for Philip Glass to score a pillow fight , your wait is over .
A familiar dish does n't have to be a bland one , but No Reservations does n't allow for the slightest grain of salt .
A remake not only of Mostly Martha , but of every romantic comedy featuring an uptight woman who learns to cut loose and enjoy life with a freewheeling new beau .
No Reservations ties everything together with a neat little bow , demonstrating timidity about the ingredient it needs most of all : reality .
Everyone involved is so pedigreed , so capable , they make the experience go down easier that it ordinarily might .
An unnecessary but somewhat charming remake of Mostly Martha , the delicious 2001 German film about food , love and family values that enchanted a lot of skeptics , including me .
It 's not exactly revolutionary territory but it is effectively presented and it will be hard to find viewers who are n't at least a little moved by what director Scott Hicks has placed on the screen .
even the tiramisu -LRB- prepared in Tupperware -LRB- tm -RRB- yet -RRB- fails to be tempting , or even moderately interesting . Any film that can make one of dessert-doms most divine creations seem drab is n't just bad , it 's criminal
A cinematic culinary treat for those without a discerning palate .
A romantic comedy about a perfectionistic chef who discovers a new life for herself once she lets go of the illusion of controlling her days with a rigorous set of rules and habits .
The thing 's so charming and frothy and delightful and sentimental and beautifully shot and well-acted and sincere that it takes a good couple of hours before you start craving real nourishment .
Inconsequential and predictable .
It has just the right touch . The script is nice , I think all the performances are strong .
A super-sized serving of warmed-over cliches ... though No Reservations may well make your mouth water , it will probably be for a good movie .
Agreeably prepared and attractively presented .
Sporting chefs who look more appetizing than those found in ` Ratatouille , ' ` No Reservations ' is harmless , predictable , and an entertaining time at the movies .
For all of the zesty food that 's cooked , it 's the organic quality of the performances that evoke just the right amount of tenderness without any aftertaste of sentimentality . The texture is just right .
A slick , sludgy , romanticised love story that 's only livened up by a another wonderfully grounded performance by Breslin .
A culinary misfire whose comic ingredients fail to coalesce .
Director Scott Hicks brings little subtlety of expression or personal voice to this remake of the far superior erotic-food German tale , Mostly Martha , though Eckhart and Zeta-Jones share together some appealing moments .
Charming and endearing at times ... a competent but uneven renovation of Mostly Martha without the magic that made it so special
Even though it is a romantic comedy , there is too much miserableness going round for the film to be truly enjoyable .






@highlight

This romantic comedy may look good on paper , but it 's too predictable and melancholy for the genre .