Iit makes me wish the word `` epic '' had n't been completely diluted so I could bring the full weight of its meaning to bear on this love story . Extraordinary ? Singular ? Remarkable ? Yes , all of those things too .
How gorgeous and complex and unforgettable is the world Haynes has created in Carol , and how lovely it is to realize that it might just be our own .
Carol is a voluptuous , simmering , shimmering , careless whisper of a film that could easily have been written entirely for Cate Blanchett .
Stunningly atmospheric and featuring eye-catching production and costume design , the romance can be stilted at times , but it 's hard not to appreciate the cinematic composition in its entirety .
... the ending , although extensive , moves ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The story can be a little over-leisurely in its unfolding but it builds to a powerful finale .
There is n't a single scene that is anything less than stunning to look at
This is a society you will recognise - for Carol goes well beyond Carol .
Underplay and restraint are the strengths of Carol . This is a film that stays clear of dramatisation . It kills you softly .
Not perfect but a must-see for those who like to keep an eye on the serious award contenders .
Carol is a strange film to parse . It 's certainly one of the very best made and well-acted films of the year , but its sum total is cold and reserved .
Languid and seductive , it 's a slow burner with Rooney Mara and Cate Blanchett as an exquisitely matched pair .
Carol is a perfect film that will restore your faith in cinema .
What results is equally tragic and beautiful , highlighting the terrible consequences of societal rejection and stigma .
In the Golden Age of Hollywood-the 1940s and '50s - there was a genre called the ` woman 's picture . ' Contemporary filmmaker Todd Haynes has become the modern master of the form .
Cate Blanchett may well be on her way to a third Oscar , and it would not be undeserved . Her Carol is assured , but her consequences are greater , as is the range of emotion Blanchett displays .
-LSB- Todd -RSB- Haynes remains the consummate filmmaking artist .
Add Todd Haynes ' midcentury love story Carol to your list of favorite Christmas-themed films .
I relish this stunningly framed paean to female love but fear something priggish is buried within it .
Though much of Carol highlights the sexism and rigid social expectations of the time , it 's not a preachy film . It 's dramatic , certainly , but on a small scale , not a large scale .
Among the virtues of Todd Haynes 's new film , Carol , is the delicacy , the patience , and the sheer amount of screen time that it lavishes on the experience of falling in love .
I can think of no better way to describe Carol to others - it is so powerful , so important , so real and alive that it makes you forget it 's not happening to you .
So enraptured was I by the look of the movie , I was almost able to overlook the fact that we do n't actually get a lot of dialogue between the two women .
To call Carol a Christmas miracle feels like a gaudy understatement , but that 's sort of exactly what it is .
A film for anybody who has ever fallen in and out of love , dealing with hopeless infatuation and the slow transition to the messy reality that all but threatens to burn out the initial spark , Carol is more than just a gorgeously crafted period piece .
What Haynes gets so perfectly right with this film really is the very specific sense of time and place .
Everything is so perfectly beautiful in Carol , director Todd Haynes ' '50s melodrama , that it more closely resembles a museum diorama than a movie -- until its luminous stars , Cate Blanchett and Rooney Mara , breathe life and passion into it .
The smile of recognition and understanding that closes things out is an unforgettable celebratory stunner that shook me right to my very core .
This is a slender movie that Haynes gives plenty of antique atmosphere .
A love story of sublime subtlety where the smallest encounters have the most consuming impact .
Carol is a sensuous , enchanting piece of work which vividly and realistically recreates the 1950s in American in a new way -- never seeming twee or idealised .
Carol tracks the slow-burn of romantic agony , with the added weight of a closet the size of the world .
A showcase for the towering talents of Blanchett and Mara , Carol is a sumptuous watch .
Never has the impossible glamour of Cate Blanchett been used to better effect than in Todd Hayne 's ravishing and romantic Carol .
A wondrously beautiful piece of filmmaking by American director Todd Haynes .
Though it 's certainly a two-woman show , Carol finds room to be impossibly generous to very nearly every human being who appears onscreen .
One of this year 's best films .
A movie that adheres to the Hollywood canons , impeccably shot and crafted and a strong presence by Blanchet and Mara . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
` Carol ' feels like the third part of a loose trilogy of films set in the past , about women who are trapped by the confines of their time .
Carol is a dizzyingly romantic love story that will appeal to any filmgoer .
In their story set in the past , there lies possibility , which is what infuses Carol and Haynes 's best work generally , the transcendence of being and becoming yourself .
I value Haynes as an artist , but his art is n't revelatory or emotional ; it signifies feelings rather than sharing them .
The period trappings remain impeccable throughout , crackling even when the script does n't .
The torment is captured well enough in the faces of the actors , their characters locked inside an indifferent , inhospitable world .
A perfectly acted , perfectly sculpted , perfectly rounded exploration of love and strife in the not-so-perfect '50s .
The film still makes the viewer swoon , its heady mood of love and longing generated by the briefest of glances and gestures .
As he did with his gloriously realized 2002 domestic drama Far From Heaven , director Todd Haynes once more brings a story of how , in the pursuit of dreams , even happy endings can come with collateral damage .
The rhythm is slow but the film is never boring , this is a story worthy of seeing in the big screen . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Carol is a truly striking cinematic achievement , artfully exploring themes that resonate still with powerful force today .
Carol is a movie worth watching to understand its main theme without fear of censorship , and most of all , to realize and understand that love is love regardless of genre . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
What Carol captures more specifically than the thrill of a romantic encounter is the act of remembering only to forget .
This is pure cinema , which through its artistry opens a window into the souls of its characters and admittedly opens the closed windows of its viewers as well .
Carol is a n excellent film , full of warmth and romance .
In spite of being Hannes ' less ambitious cinematic film , Carol offers the experience of putting you in the shoes of it 's characters and feel what they feel . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An elegant , profound , meassured and extraordinary crafted film . Blanchett and Mara are hypnotic . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A love story told with looks and subtleties , hand with hand with an extraordinary cinematography work . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's a delight to scrutinize every inch of Lachman 's deep focus compositions and try and take in the abundance of exquisite detail .
` Carol ' is the most romantic movie of the year , and through Rooney Mara 's performance-and Haynes ' careful direction-it might also be the most cathartic .
Every piece fits perfectly to tell a story about love and passion , but ultimately , it feels like you 've already seen this film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
` Carol ' is a declaration of love to another film era but from a thoroughly modern perspective . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Brilliant adaptation , revised and refined , from the romantic novel by Patricia Highsmith . One of the best films of the year . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Focusing on the details that go from set design to excellent performances , Carol is an exquisite film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
` Carol ' is a meticulous low-key reward for audiences .
This elegant and perhaps very restrained presentation does just that , presenting the case . Discussing the rest is up to us . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The film can be seen as another element that qualifies Todd Haynes as a director with something interesting to say . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The sobriety and good taste with which Todd Haynes tells us the story makes Carol an exquisite movie that you simply ca n't miss . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Carool is an effective portrait of an era , but it 's also a way of making a thinking about cinema . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Haynes has forged a drama that 's wonderfully intimate and subtle while generating considerable emotional power .
The performances in Carol are simply spectacular . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Both women are magnificent and it 's thanks to them , and to Haynes 's refined talent , that this story of love and passion is so convincing , so tender , and so painful .
Carol 's world is built with impeccable attention and care , Haynes consumed as a craftsman delicate . -LSB- Full Review in spanish -RSB-
For those seeking an afternoon weepy , the film 's poise might be its Achilles heel - we never feel the howl of real heartbreak . But for everyone else , two words will suffice : pure class .
Cate Blanchett gives an acting class . Dressed in the costumes of Sandy Powell , is a lady , but also a woman . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Haynes creates the scenes to guide the audience emotionally without it noticing . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Exquisite and touching , `` Carol '' examines the high price of true love ...
While Cate Blanchett has been nabbing all the praise , the actual protagonist of the piece , played by Rooney Mara , manages to match the top-billed star with a performance every bit as committed , subtle , moving and intense .
`` Carol '' is a perfect example of audiovisual beauty with emotional atrophy . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
What 's fascinating about Carol is how Haynes and his performers create a sophisticated story about two people trying to be together in an environment that 's quietly suffocating them .
More than a narrative , the film is a study in visual ways to convey the `` swimmy , '' unreal sensations of love at first sight .
Todd Haynes avoids melodrama thanks to a stylized visual language and a script that builds subtly conflicts for the characters . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
In Carol , director Todd haynes shows us his hability to exploit themes about gender roles and secual orientation with a very submersive story . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
While it avoids being preachy , it fails to stir the heart , which renders it a gorgeous , but relatively stultifying exercise in style .
Though some may be left cold by the remove at which Haynes keeps us from his superlative leads , others will be putty in his gifted hands .
Director Todd Haynes steers away from the melodrama that drove Far From Heaven -LRB- 2002 -RRB- , the emphasis here being on restraint , mood and beautifully nuanced performances , all framed by the type of exacting period recreation that has now become standard .
Carol is a snow globe of a movie : an ornate and delicate piece , frozen in time . Lavishly designed and performed with precision , it 's a love story that deserves to endure .
Cate Blanchett and Rooney Mara take us inside a passionate story of desire and retribution that 's both satisfying and disturbing .
makes you wonder if a little chaos might have benefited everyone , potentially stretching the story and characters into more interesting places .
Carol is essential . It 's the work of a premiere filmmaker whose talents only continue to grow .
A movie of impeccable surfaces and subterranean anxieties ...
Todd Haynes is a director born to make Highsmith 's novel about lesbian love ending happily . A masterpiece that is even a better adaptation than Hitchcock 's `` Strangers on a Train '' , another Highsmith novel .
It is equally political and broadly universal and applicable in its aim of dramatising an unexpected trace of love that might be true and worth following .
Haynes taps into universal anxieties about love and relationships without ever letting go of the sense of imprisonment that came with being gay in the 1950s .
Right down to the delicate touches , like the ways two different people 's hands linger on Therese 's shoulder , everything is constructed with minute attention to human detail .
A heartening romance for our time as well as theirs .
Flawless in every way : sumptuous visually and emotionally . One of the more mature and sophisticated romances the big screen has ever seen .
Todd Haynes blends the emotional sincerity of character with a pointed sociopolitical statement and a quiet satirical contempt for the squareness of its 1950s setting .
Despite its emotional inaccessibility and overreliance on aesthetics , is still worth a watch for those with maturity and patience .
The storytelling is sublime , as is the look of the film . It is a work of sheer beauty ... Blanchett is breathtaking in the title role
It has all the stylistic grace of Haynes ' Far From Heaven -LRB- 2002 -RRB- , but it is more involving , and thus a slightly more advanced picture . It 's also a delight from start to finish .
Cate Blanchett 's is so broad and unsubtle that `` Carol '' feels like a `` Carol Burnett Show '' parody .
Haynes designs a perfectly nostaglic sensory experience - something like a Manhattan department store window - needing a suppler story to sell .
This is the best love story of the year , superbly acted by Blanchett and Mara and directed by Haynes , but there is not much of an edge to the rest of the story .
How can you call Carol chilly when it 's literally the thawing of cinema 's inglorious past ?
This remarkable , intelligent and beautifully humane film evokes the smoky , poisonous beauty of the time . Almost perfectly .
Carol is a visually rich period drama that boasts strong performances and refined direction , though some may find it easier to admire than love .
It resonates most thanks to the performances that bring it to life .
A sumptuous tale of two women who do n't always play by those rules .
Director Todd Haynes has created in `` Carol '' a world so rich in texture , design and mood that it is easy to fall into its loving arms of emotions and get enveloped in its story of love and loss .
Carol is a beautifully shot film that captures the mix of nervousness and excitement that comes with most new relationships .
Haynes maintains the film 's temperature at a low simmer and expertly brings it to the boil , but while `` Carol '' builds to a scene of intense eroticism , it 's mostly about all the things you ca n't reach out and touch .
Worth watching for the electrifying chemistry of its love-struck leads alone .
It is a classy entertainment with a delicious combination of psychological manipulation and latent liberation .
This is about two people who did n't know what their lives were until they met each other , then scrambling , in their muted , buttoned-up way , to figure out what happens next . Haynes loves them so much that he believes they can . You will too .
Haynes brilliantly captures each of those small moments of both grace and indignity .
Blanchett 's Carol is matched for emotional perplexity by Therese , Rooney Mara 's younger shop clerk and photographer manqué . What does it mean when the two of us are in the same room , they survey , in a succession of gestures , ventures and setbacks
Despite year-end plaudits and the promising reunion of Haynes and cinematographer Lachman , this proves a fairly anemic forbidden-love melodrama ... Blanchett turns in a rare one-note performance .
The impeccable style of the 1950s era conceals a maelstrom of messy , raw emotion , which overflows in the film 's heartbreaking second act as the forbidden lovers discover the terrible cost of their liaisons .
The music , cinematography , costumes , sets and overall design are flawless , and the film as a whole is utterly exquisite . Maybe a little too exquisite-Carol is so painstaking , I felt like I was watching it from behind a velvet rope .
From Highsmith 's bold story , Haynes fashions a remarkable study of emotions brought to life by two of the best movie performances of the year .
As a love story this left me unsatisfied , though I enjoyed the lush period trappings and the flattering sense of how enlightened I am compared to people in the 1950s .
Blanchett and Mara are superb at executing one of the cinema 's great gifts : the exchanged glance , held long enough to scorch even the well-mannered Fifties .
All of these things add up to create a film where nothing happens by accident and everything enriches the storytelling .
Mara and Blanchett give two of the finest performances of 2015 .
Intoxicating , romantic . Blanchett and Mara are year 's most romantic couple . Beautifully filmed in Super 16 mm .
A cold fish of a film , beautiful but taxing .
Like an Edward Hopper painting sprung to life , its mood washes over you in an evocative mix of opulence and despair as it dizzyingly dances with the forbidden .
A perfect bookend piece to director Todd Haynes ' 2002 Far from Heaven , which was merely one of the great motion pictures of the 2000s .
The lesbian affair at its heart is rendered with intelligence and care , and if there are speeches to be made , they are happily few , and far more personal than political .
The performances are impeccable , the writing terrific , the direction solid , and the film looks lush and absolutely gorgeous . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Sex , Profanity , Violence , etc. - Also Available -RRB-
Will love conquer all ? Probably not . The bigger question is whether it will endure . The lush , beautifully acted and shot `` Carol '' answers this with a sweet smile .
It 's not the story so much that is striking as Haynes ' re-creation of the era . And it is not just in costumes and sets ; it 's the way he uses his camera to capture knowing glances , furtive looks , gestures and silences that speak volumes .
Carol is a fine , elegant melodrama -- nothing more and nothing less .
`` Carol '' demonstrates that a period piece can engagingly comment on modern times .
`` Carol '' possesses the same quiet , catlike powers of its magnetic title character : It swirls around to ambush you ... and make you swoon .
Haynes composes the film like a series of Edward Hopper paintings : elegant , beautifully calibrated shots that express the street-level loneliness of midcentury life .
Exquisite ... a small film , but it 's like a flawless gem with endless facets to explore and appreciate .
Cate Blanchett is outstanding as a married woman who falls for a younger woman . As that younger woman , Rooney Mara is even better .
The experience of watching `` Carol '' is like being pulled into a different place , real and not real , like the best movies , like being in love .
The film 's cool , distant beauty is mirrored in the performance of the wonderful Cate Blanchett , who plays the wealthy , older and experienced Carol . As Therese , whose infatuation with Carol opens her eyes to who she is and what she desires .
Control is n't just the formal rigor that Carol exhibits from the very first scene : It 's the stifling exactitude required of its two main characters , whose every public utterance and gesture must be delivered in code .
Haynes looks back on mid-century conformity without camp or condescension . Carol 's extravagantly beautiful surfaces are both seductive and dangerous , reminding us that nostalgia for this so-called simpler time papers over some stark injustices .
Todd Haynes ' most rapturous , riveting film in two decades . An exquisite romance of both gossamer beauty and gargantuan emotions , propelled by two of the year 's best female performances and a synesthetic symbiosis between its cinematography and score .
In Carol , all the elements dovetail perfectly to create a movie that is as irresistible as its title character . The movie has an allure that is almost trancelike , mimicking for the viewers the inescapable attraction experienced by the two main characters .
Blanchett 's a formidable technician , a performer of serious wit and fire . She serves `` Carol '' well and truly throughout .
Haynes directs with a subtle precision , the script by Phyllis Nagy is a well-crafted gem , and Cate Blanchett and Rooney Mara make for one of the most intriguing and memorable movie couples of the year .
Haynes is at his best when losing himself in the moment , isolating longing on a molecular level . `` Carol '' has an abundance of these beats , and each one works to reinforce what a special , profoundly felt movie it is .
You leave the film 's soft-grained world reluctantly , as if taking off a warm coat when it 's still a little chilly inside .
... understands that even the slightest of gestures can crush .
Mara displays fondness and disinterest so naturally you can swear you know exactly what the character 's thinking without her actually saying anything .
Mara and Blanchett are each extraordinary , working in the most organic and soul-stirring ways .
... an erratic yet heartwrenching period piece .
Even if it did n't have a spellbinding central performance from Cate Blanchett , Carol would be worth seeing just for its sumptuous re-creation of an era ... Todd Haynes ' film is luminescent - like a perfectly preserved Kodachrome image .
A beguiling story of two people from different worlds who come together powerfully .
As in his gorgeous film Far From Heaven and TV series Mildred Pierce , filmmaker Todd Haynes tells a simple story with visual impact and thematic resonance .
The movie 's sensory evocation of falling in love , with all its joys and miseries , is gender-blind ; its critique of patriarchal power-hoarding and bourgeois repressiveness -- the Sirkian theme Haynes previously explored in Far from Heaven -- is timeless .
The imperfect reality of world aspiring for perfection synchronises beautifully .
It 's all about a mood , a feeling that leaves you aching to knead the unspoken into a satisfying loaf of thought , but sits unleavened like a cold lump of dough at the bottom of your gut ... Carol is a masterpiece , a shining reflection of what movies do well .
Carol captures the specifics of one relationship thwarted by Eisenhower-era conventions even as it whispers timeless truth about the affairs of almost any heart .
It 's a flawlessly crafted , stirringly intelligent , resonantly emotional story about two women daring to follow their hearts .
A timeless , forbidden , and music-cued affair of the heart .
This is a lesbian romance told exclusively in the vocabulary of heterosexual Hollywood .
Carol is a complex human story about unspoken desire , social expectations and an authentic life .
Carol is the rare film that could n't just get away with being silent , but could probably also be just as engrossing completely still -- just sitting there , watching Mara and Blanchett watch each other .
Todd Haynes subverts just about every element of the 50s lesbian narrative in this gorgeous Cannes-approved romance .
Haynes reminds us how bad things used to be . He also invites us to remember how beautiful mad love can be and to swoon along with it .
Haynes elicits two great performances and provides the perfect frame for them , not just in terms of setting , but through smart casting and attention to the smallest of performances . Notice how even actors with one line grab one 's attention .
Carol uses satire as a mask which , once cast aside , leads to ... unspoken discussions on station , gender , sexuality , and identity .
None of its individual parts seems particularly impressive on paper , yet Haynes taps into the hyperspecificities of a forbidden , secret love to such an achingly tender degree that I feared Mara 's character would literally shatter into pieces .
It has a furtive soulfulness that sneaks up on you . It 's the real thing - a true romance - merged with a resonant riff on what might be called the metaphysics of tolerance .
It 's the measured performances by co-stars Cate Blanchett and Rooney Mara that make this film special .
Carol is a haunting motion picture - the kind of film that stays with the viewer long after the multiplex 's neon signage has disappeared from the rear-view mirror .
Perhaps I expected too much , but I was disappointed in Todd Haynes ' tasteful , yet tedious , lesbian melodrama , finding it furtive , overly fetishistic and formalized .
One of the year 's best , an emotionally rich lesbian love story .
Todd Haynes has directed Carol , from a screenplay by Phyllis Nagy , with superb precision .
A sad heartbreaker of a film .
There 's no way Joan Crawford or Barbara Stanwyck would ever have been allowed to touch this material during the golden age of women 's pictures , but their loss is Blanchett and Mara 's gain .
It 's a film that justifies repeated viewing , each time a new detail underlining its resonant depiction of love as an adventure .
Director Haynes unfurls this love story in the shadows with a delicate hand .
Blanchett and Mara seem visibly to be enhancing and encouraging the other 's work , never more so than in the final scene , which depends for its intensity , like so much of the film , on the exchange of eye contact .
An exquisite film by Todd Haynes that delves into the lost arts and crafts of a raised eyebrow , a smouldering glance , a sharp intake of breath , a brush of a coral-polished fingernail , a pulse of expensive scent and looks that could thrill .
Carol is an easy film to admire -- so beautiful to look at ; entirely exquisite -- but such a hard film to feel anything for .
Liberated by the prospect of working from someone else 's script -LRB- a first -RRB- , Haynes has conjured a polymorphous kaleidoscope that can be read variously as a ravishing romance , sly psychodrama or arch sociopolitical satire .
It 's a transcendent work of art .
The film is rooted in the most essential truth of all : Carol and Therese need each other in order to become the best people they can be .
... both specific and universal , a story that takes place 63 years ago yet resonates with contemporary immediacy beneath the surface .
It is devastating , superbly played and deftly made . It is wonderful .
A stunning masterpiece , front-loaded with atmospheric mood and poignant tenderness .
It is a simple enough tale , but exquisitely acted , and directed with enormous style by Todd Haynes . You can almost smell the era ; the cigarettes and the stultifying conservatism .
`` Carol '' establishes a mood of mournful romance , half nostalgic and half ominous , that never lets go .
Moving , beautifully acted '50s - set drama about secret love .
Lovely , austere . And bloodless .
One of the most beautiful love stories ever told .
The most romantic movie of the year .
Todd Haynes has made a love story intimate in scope and sweeping in feeling , one that shoves pessimism to the sidelines in exchange for optimism and tough , earnest sentiment .
Carol is a quiet movie , choosing to let something blossom on its own instead of forcing of it .
Director Todd Haynes -LRB- Far From Heaven -RRB- stages the characters ' fraught journey with an elegant touch .
Todd Haynes ' resonant period romance echoes ` Far From Heaven , ' but Cate Blanchett and Rooney Mara elude that film 's glossy fatalism .
While the narrative on the whole is ultimately very straightforward and uncomplicated , the weight is provided by some tremendous performances , incredible style , and a magnificent score .
Under Haynes ' sure hand , Blanchett and Mara deliver a love story to melt to .
Haynes tells us that , thrillingly , passion burns hotter than fear .
Mara and Blanchett make for an unforgettable couple in a beautiful film about longing , loss and the confusion and wonder of love .
Demonstra -LRB- e é triste que isto ainda seja necessário -RRB- que o que é realmente imoral é tentar sufocar a livre expressão romântica e sexual em um mundo cada vez mais tomado pelo ódio e pela intolerância .
Holds back a bit compared to its more melodramatic predecessor . But these are small complaints about a movie containing a trio of truly extraordinary and moving performances from Blanchett , Mara and Paulson that place it among the year 's best .
Todd Haynes ' sumptuous romantic drama strikes a welcome note of optimism that 's still rare in gay cinema .
With terrific acting performances and a bygone era that sparks to life with impressive filmmaking , Carol crafts a memorable romance gift-wrapped for the holiday .
The two lead performances , the overplayer and the underplayer , complement each other wonderfully .
It was n't until the final shot of Carol that I realized how tightly the film had wrapped me in its web .
I did like the performances , even though Blanchett was a bit stagey . However , with this paper thin storyline that is overly drawn out , I did not care about the fate of the two main characters and the whole thing left me emotionally cold .
The problem is that there is very little chemistry between the actresses , and Haynes and screenwriter Phyllis Nagy are far too studied in their depiction of passion .
Brilliantly acted , and possibly the most tasteful romance ever filmed , but so relentlessly elegant that it 's a little suffocating .
Blanchett is a naturally theatrical actress , unafraid of being `` dramatic . '' Because of this , she sometimes seems out of place in a realistic context . But `` Carol '' plays to her strengths .
I 'm betting that Highsmith , a bold stylist herself , would have loved Carol even though it 's a Todd Haynes film in every fiber of its Douglas Sirk-inspired being .
Haynes builds a film on the furtive glances and secretive language that gays and lesbians in this country had to rely upon for so long to find each other and to express themselves .
In the hands of Cate Blanchett , who is wondrous and magnetic as always , and Rooney Mara , who has never been better or more touching , the movie becomes unforgettable .
Loneliness and longing are at the center of these two women 's lives , at least for a while , and they 're expressed by nuance and implication in a pair of superb performances , and by a lovely evocation of the period .
As its bravura filmmaking unfolds , those specifics fade and what remains are the feelings and emotions that all the best movie love stories create . And make no mistake , `` Carol '' belongs in that group .
At once ardent and analytical , cerebral and swooning , `` Carol '' is a study in human magnetism , in the physics and optics of eros . With sparse dialogue and restrained drama , the film is a symphony of angles and glances , of colors and shadows .
It 's been a long time since the movies have seen a fuse of pure ardor burn this slowly and steadily , leading to such an unexpectedly moving explosion of resolve .
What 's remarkable about Carol is that it seems to exist entirely in the present moment-to be precise , in that electric , elastic , heart-stopping/heart-racing present of romantic desire .
The director Todd Haynes and the novelist Patricia Highsmith fit together like a hand and glove-a beautifully manicured hand and a sleek gray-green leather glove , two images that figure prominently in Carol ...
Todd Haynes ' commitment to outcasts , then and now , makes Carol a romantic spellbinder that cuts deep . It 's one of the year 's very best films . Blanchett and Mara should have Oscar calling .
Mr. Haynes is a director of enormous imagination and insight , so for a fragile narrative as exquisite and tender as Chantilly lace , Mr. Haynes fits the emotions to the period like the movements in a symphony .
Haynes is a master for period pieces - the movie nicely re-creates Eisenhower-era New York - and his skill with actresses .
The film leaves an indelible impression of what it is like to have to slip into shadows , away from windows and mirrors , to experience true passion .
For me , it 's a movie that 's easy to admire but hard to hold close .
A gorgeous and sumptuous period love story that 's a worthy addition to Todd Haynes ' filmography .
A passionate yet detached study of the practicalities of love - the twisty-turny route one must navigate to form any kind of relationship , and especially a type that has so many barriers thrown up in its path .
Carol is an overwhelmingly beautiful film . It looks like a dream , it sounds like whispered want , and it feels like falling in love in all its stomach turning terror and ecstasy . Even its title rolls elegantly off the tongue .
... Carol comes off as a hollow exercise in style .
Todd Haynes ' immaculate film sweeps us away , but not for the reasons I was expecting .
Remarkably personal and poised .
While Mara and Chandler deliver incredible performances , Blanchett is a vision to behold .
Carol is both a beautiful miniature and a majestic romance ; it 's set 60 years in the past , but it 's for now .
A mannered , classical romance that replaces the original pulp identity of the novel at the time of its release with a gentle , affecting two-hander as the author surely envisioned it .
Carol is gorgeous , gently groundbreaking , and might be the saddest thing you 'll ever see .
Its story is ultimately too familiar and chilly to truly hit the melodramatic peaks of Haynes 's Far From Heaven , but it nonetheless boasts a commendable understanding of the complexities of human desire .
Critically , Haynes mimics the reserve of the era , depending on glances or gestures to communicate the powerful , dangerous feelings that pass between Carol and Therese .
A poignant period piece which serves as a telling reminder of how far we 've come from the days when homosexuality was still considered a crime of moral turpitude
Haynes ... does beauty , and a dread of the unbeautiful sustains his film .
Get to the theater before the hype overwhelms the touching drama . Carol is worth falling in love with .
Despite the meticulousness of Haynes 's adaptation , the complexity of Therese 's attitude is lost , and with it much of the strange energy and ambiguous pleasures of Highsmith 's inimitable book .
Exquisite from first frame to last , Carol indulges in every classic moviemaking virtue while infusing a modern sensibility .
A gorgeous time capsule capturing the manners and mores of America at the start of the conservative Eisenhower era , bristling with a pair of lead performances that stand among the year 's best .
While that sort of attention to detail is sure to garner well-deserved Oscar nominations , it serve the correct purpose , which is to establish the world and then get out of the way .
Faithful adaptation of Patricia Highsmith 's love story features two moving performances in a wonderfully realized production .
This is a story about the most immutable force in nature and all the delirious highs and lows it imparts . Carol argues that yes , love hurts . But man , does it feel good .
`` Carol '' surprisingly also finds Haynes at his most hopeful that such loves can survive .
The film never really goes for crescendo , rather it simmers a cauldron of heated but restrained emotions and sensations - gorgeously .
Todd Haynes has crafted a visually stunning picture with Carol , a lesbian love story brought to life with remarkable performances by Cate Blanchett and Rooney Mara .
Beautiful in practically every way , Carol is a touchingly romantic triumph .
The film dares its viewers to consider that -- for a couple of hours , at least -- even when a thing seems too good to be true , it might not be .
Blanchett captures the lioness quality of Carol , steaming forward with blinders on as she finds herself entranced by Therese 's innocence . Her slow , sultry hand moving across her lover 's shoulder is a vibrant action that speaks impeccable volumes .
An intoxicating and endlessly surprising portrait of forbidden passion .
The notion that true love is a physical , emotional and spiritual bond between two individuals -LRB- whatever their sex -RRB- forms the powerful theme of a film that glistens from every pore , including those of Cate Blanchett and Rooney Mara
a genuinely wonderful film that , despite its atypical source , finally gives -LSB- Patricia Highsmith 's -RSB- writing its deserved work .
Todd Haynes movies tend to grow on me . I expect that Carol , his adaptation of Patricia Highsmith 's The Price of Salt , will do the same .
-LSB- It -RSB- should have been awarded the Most Valuable Player . It ticks off nearly all the boxes ... However , the tastefully polished production offers few surprises .
Carol maybe is n't the sweeping , three-hanky melodrama I was ready for . But as it slowly seeps in , it transcends .
Carol simmers with unspoken emotion and desire , condensing volumes into the Brief Encounter-style touch of a hand on a shoulder , into the offer of a whiff of perfume on a pulse point , into Billie Holiday recordings and Carter Burwell 's expressive score .
-LSB- CANNES 2015 -RSB- Here is a film that does n't need any awards to stake its worthiness . That said , awards of some variety will surely follow .
Haynes crafts a tender , devastating romance but also surveys a battleground of power and control .
An impressive piece of work , a lesbian melodrama which is probing , thoughtful and finally very moving .
Like its effortlessly chic central character , Todd Haynes 's adaptation of Patricia Highsmith 's novella is impeccably put together .
The most obvious achievement is Cate Blanchett 's performance , which is absolutely flooring in its brilliance .
-LSB- A -RSB- gloriously romantic , sumptuous movie ...
A loaded dance of desire .
Surprisingly dull and weightless ... the direction of the image is often bland and functional .
-LSB- A -RSB- bsolutely brilliant performances by Cate Blanchett and Rooney Mara
A very intelligent and sophisticated lvoe story reminiscent of The End of the Affair or Brief Encounter .
An achingly beautiful , tightly wound package of woe that slowly comes undone over the course of its running time to reveal something very special indeed .
I went into a trance watching it - and have n't quite surfaced , even now .
An exquisitely drawn , deeply felt love story that teases out every shadow and nuance of its characters ' inner lives with supreme intelligence , breathtaking poise and filmmaking craft of the most sophisticated yet accessible order .
It 's such stately , evocative , confident filmmaking , the only reservation being that it 's also a bit chilly .
Absorbing and beautifully crafted but also a bit studied ; you long to feel some blood in its veins .
Cate Blanchett and Rooney Mara deliver remarkable performances in this impressive period piece
`` Carol '' is a love story for the ages , a film you feel like you may be walking toward , like Therese does at one point , entranced and lovelorn , forever .
Surges with such juddering , largely suppressed emotion that the whiff of the pop-cultural Senior Common Room will trouble only the most resistant observer .
With Carol , Haynes is playing a longer game , and saves his sucker punches for an exemplary , heart-wrenching final reel .

@highlight

Shaped by Todd Haynes ' deft direction and powered by a strong cast led by Cate Blanchett and Rooney Mara , Carol lives up to its groundbreaking source material .