Despite the film doing some clunky biopic things , Otto gives this more than enough reason enough to fly down to Rio .
Attention is retained by the commendably unhistrionic leads , who convincingly etch the pair 's enduring devotion even when passions run dry .
The life of American Poet Laureate Elizabeth Bishop furnishes surprisingly vivid emotional material in Reaching for the Moon .
It 's hard not to admire the intentions of a movie that depicts two exceptional women living exactly the way they wanted , together , outside the expected societal norms of the time . But the tone of the film itself feels unfortunately conventional .
A resolutely melodramatic film that feels engagingly old-fashioned as it revels in its lesbian love-triangle storyline .
I really enjoyed the first three quarters of the film and then not so much the end .
Brazilian actress Gloria Pires is a real dynamo as the extroverted Lota , and yet she navigates through the darker , fragile moments well . Meanwhile , as the WASPish , reserved Elizabeth , Australian actress Miranda Otto is a standout .
If Blue Is the Warmest Color is the gloriously messy supernova of this year 's lesbian dramas , this is the J. Peterman catalog version : elegant , tasteful , and two-dimensional .
Opulently shot and designed , full of spectacular , tourist brochure-style imagery of Brazilian buildings and landscapes , the film teeters on the edge of novelettish melodrama throughout .
As the essentially solitary poet , -LSB- Otto is -RSB- excellent , conveying at once a rich and complex inner life -- its details elusive perhaps even to Bishop herself -- and also a profound uneasiness with the world outside .
-LSB- A -RSB- sumptuously filmed South American drama .
The period detail is finely caught , the lovemaking scenes achieve a tenderness and intimacy rare in contemporary cinema , and for good measure a political coup is happening offstage . We more than get our money 's worth .
While the provincial Brazilian scenery and slick period production design are certainly seductive to the eye , it is what happens in the foreground that truly matters .
Its strength is its two beautifully observed complementary performances .
The rather pale and uninspiring story of obscure poet Elizabeth Bishop 's love affair in Brazil in the 1950s and '60s .
The passionate and troubled love affair between reserved American poet Elizabeth Bishop and flamboyant Brazilian architect Lota de Macedo Soares is a yin-yang affair in this engaging bio pic
Reaching for the Moon is the shamefully unpoetic ...
Baretto 's movie , which is sensual and emotionally intense , benefits from -LSB- its -RSB- traditional approach and I do n't think audiences who love to revel in this kind of movie will mind it , either .
Based on a true story , this Brazilian drama has a lush authenticity as it tells a story that has strong historical relevance even as it sometimes slips into heightened melodrama .
The film , much like our protagonist , would benefit from letting itself be a little more uninhibited .
All the film 's dynamism lies in the script and performances : Miranda Otto 's Elizabeth is a perceptive , self-absorbed boozer ; Glória Pires 's Lota is an energetic , elitist bully .
Worth watching for the passionate , compelling and destructive central love affair .
The atrociously sentimental score is an irritant , but the performances are solid .
A classy , grown-up drama .
Miranda Otto , finally getting the rich lead role she has long deserved , is complex and commanding as Bishop .
Despite the film 's shortcomings , this story of a decade-long affair that poet Elizabeth Bishop had with Brazilian architect Lota de Macedo Soares manages to hold your attention , and largely because of the characters .
Of love and loss
Despite its worthy subject , this feature by veteran Brazilian director Bruno Barreto has a bluntness that 's at odds with Bishop 's personality and work .
I found the story of these two lovers to be not especially involving and hardly fresh or new .
Touches on the life of sullen and celebrated US poet Bishop , and her creative and emotional isolation in mid-20th century Brazil during the brutal military coup there . But while bypassing and isolating as well , the role of the CIA in orchestrating it .
A respectable biopic that 's perfectly watchable and charmingly photographed , but that could stand to loosen up a bit .
Everything ultimately gives way to the stately , simplistic , inevitable pace of by-the-numbers biopics , from some woefully tinny , hit-and-run screenwriting to the usual difficulties surrounding the dramatization of an author 's craft .
In his 19th feature , Mr. Barreto assuredly embraces an approach that 's counter to much received wisdom about Bishop 's life and work . But his film ultimately dooms itself .
Bruno Barreto 's insistence that this pass for a product that Hollywood might have spawned smoothens a journey built on sharp edges .
A film which , despite its almost parodically lofty title , takes strictly the most pedestrian approach to its subject ...

@highlight

Reaching for the Moon 's uptight sensibilities sometimes play more pretentious than poetic , but solid performances and sumptuous photography leave a lingering longing for love in the tropics .