Bertino 's directorial smarts are on display from the first slow-cut montage of rural homes glimpsed from the window of a moving car . It 's a passage suggesting free-floating , arbitrary menace .
But I guess it 's just hard for a movie about characters with bags on their heads to have any real teeth .
Just get comfortable , sit back and smile at the slaughter - unlike Funny Games , at least this is bloodshed you can enjoy .
Writer-director Bertino just wants to scare our pants off , and succeeds admirably .
There 's no better feet-on-the-seat execution for the home-invasion genre than this . `` The Strangers '' twists the knife with scenes lasting a beat longer than normal to maximize dread and sound design excavating a hole in your cortex and nestling there .
Nothing gets the old heart pumping like the fear of home invasion , but you would n't know it by The Strangers , an utterly pointless portrait of domestic terror .
Grinding and suffocating
Bryan Bertino 's psycho-thriller gets the job done for nearly two-thirds of its length . But when it shows its hand , it folds .
An extremely effective claustrophobic horror picture that starts slow but ultimately provides us with plenty of suspense all the way through to its very dark ending .
An effectively grim , exceedingly well-made horror thriller .
Nerve-jangling horror flick that wrings maximum scares out of its simple premise , thanks to strong direction and superb performances from Speedman and Tyler .
You have to admit , it 's a unique approach to a horror film , though not ultimately a fulfilling one .
A retread of just about every home-invasion movie of the past 50 years mixed with elements of torture porn and chick-flick romance .
When the film is this effective , it 's hard to complain .
-LSB- A -RSB- cheapo , shaky-cam knockoff of a horror film from foreign shores .
The Strangers has a couple of scares , but it 's not anywhere near as frightening as advertised . The creepy folks of the title are more fumbling than fiendish .
A good-looking , sophisticated , if somewhat pointless addition to the slasher-horror genre .
A good scary movie retells a creaky story in a manner that terrifies you afresh . All this has is Tyler trembling like a wet-lipped goldfish in a performance you could peg out to drip dry . Run away .
For most of its length , this is a grippingly unpleasant picture of barbaric , gratuitous evil , stealthier and scarier than Funny Games , to which it bears a slight resemblance .
Inevitably , the cat and mouse game goes on too long and the tension dies a slow death . A bit like Liv 's career .
Clearly influenced by slashers such as The Texas Chain Saw Massacre and The Last House On The Left , there 's a decent sense of claustrophobia in the first hour .
There 's no denying that The Strangers fulfils its limited objective of showing nasty things happening to defenceless people . For some audiences that may be enough - but not for me or , I hope , for you .
Lean , mean and razor-edged , this nasty little home-invasion thriller drags you by your white knuckles on a horror chill-ride while flicking its middle finger at Funny Games . Prepare to be scared something rotten .
Delayed by over a year , but do n't let that fool you : this may be lightweight , but it knows what goes bump in the night .
As a simple exercise in tension and dread , this is a gripping hour at the multiplex - it 's just a pity that it goes on for a further 20 minutes .
Messy , intermittently effective ordeal horror .
The usual stupidness ensues . `` Stay here darling with the axe-wielding psychos while I go and get help , '' says Speedman . Ugh .
A lean , effective little exercise in scares . It offers nothing new but is perfect for breaking the ice on a first date .
This suspense film by first-time writer-director Bryan Bertino initially squeezes some surprisingly effective scares out of familiar elements . Sadly , the scenario quickly becomes attenuated and unbelievable .
An effective , scary emotional work-out , but perhaps you can have too much paranoid despair .
Bertino does not try to understand his strangers . His primary interest is what happens - the details of crime - as if the film were a dramatised tabloid .
so well made , so moody and tense , that its emptiness can almost be overlooked - but if you want something a little more than a po-faced thrill ride , best look elsewhere
This film does not have the shock value of many other horror films , which was a pleasant surprise for my taste . It is scary in the sense that this could this really happen .
The film 's most potent claim to success is its lengthy and cleverly edited stretches of spookiness , which it tends to extend to almost breaking point , keeping us in heightened suspense .
The cumulative effect of unexpected knocks at the door , creaking floors , shadows , noises and strange happenings is a heart-pounding experience
After building a jangling sense of terror , Bertino does n't take it anywhere .
At least it 's short .
This is straight-up nightmare fuel , unredeemed by compelling characters or interesting motives .
The Strangers bears more than a passing resemblance to Them , the French horror film about a couple in a secluded house who are stalked by mysterious , almost supernatural tormenters .
Offers no more enlightenment or catharsis than a drugged insect could expect in the moment before it is skewered by a lepidopterist 's pin .
... The work of a born filmmaker who shows a remarkable command of tone and pace . It is a new classic in its genre ...
How bad is a stalker/killer flick when it 's just as lame whether the victims live or die ? All suspense and no payoff does n't look clever , just lazy .
The Strangers gets your hopes up with some smart filmmaking but then pretty much dashes them by the final predictable fade out .
This movie is far from great , but it did scare the heck out of me quite a few times . I have to give it props for that .
It wrings ever drop of terror it can out of making us identify with doomed people , and suffering as they suffer . That might be nihilistic , but it 's also empathetic .
Though most of the movie was efficient , it felt empty .
A brutal little thriller with no intentions other than to scare us . And in many instances , it succeeds ...
If you 've seen the annoying trailer for Bryan Bertino 's singularly pointless debut feature , you 've seen all the film has to offer -- minus 88 minutes of tedious sadism .
A fine throwback , and one filled with moments of real suspense . In spite of its rushed , awkward ending , I 'd take this any day over the Saw movies , and all that came in their wake .
I do n't remember hearing young women scream like this in a theater since I saw `` Double Jeopardy '' some years back in a packed auditorium .
-LSB- A -RSB- taut , minimalist white knuckler .
Unrestrained unexplained violence just for the thrill of it makes for a lousy movie .
A sadistic , unmotivated home-invasion flick .
I 've got to credit Bertino with the sense enough to not resort to shocking gore to make up for lack of suspense . The final act , however , is as messy as a plate of spaghetti .
when a horror film manages to get its creepy hooks into your skin , it at least deserves some faint praise for psychological effectiveness .
Do n't let the attractive cast , the slick look or the ` inspired by true events ' nonsense mislead you . The Strangers is a despicable and mean-spirited practical joke .
The movie is derivative as hell , but Bertino shows a good deal of craft -- if not as a writer , then as a director .
There 's less suspense around what these lunatics with sharp implements are doing in this home , than what Tyler and Speedman are doing in this movie . As for whoever is left standing at the end , they may have taken the final pages of the script with them .
Strangers is 80 minutes of screen stillness ; a suspense picture powered by directorial incompetence and behavioral idiocy ... a pile of tasteless genre garbage .
What it does is deliver more than an hour of sustained , almost unrelenting terror .
The good thing about the three masked intruders is that they stay masked . This saves their careers . Unfortunately , the same ca n't be said for Scott Speedman . He reacts to every scary indignation as if he was being checked for fleas .
Kind of like what The Shining might be if you took out the ESP . And the ghosts . And the chilling atmosphere . So call it The Sucking .
Abusive and arty as it contemplates abuse and art , The Strangers delivers what you guess it will .
Left me feeling exploited as this vile pretentious thriller never committed itself to being more than a rip-off scare flick .
THE STRANGERS basically is FUNNY GAMES all over again . Well-crafted suspense in which the director refuses to give you the catharsis you seek in order to `` make a point . ''
no edge , no originality , no subtlety , and all the intelligence of a doggie squeak toy
While The Strangers certainly does n't forge any new ground , there 's always something to be said for a horror flick that forges old ground colorfully .
The Strangers suffers from lack of originality . I 've seen most of this film in other movies , and as a horror fan , I found little that was new or innovative .
A mediocre scare show that just happened to have one of the best trailers of recent times . At two minutes , The Strangers is terrifying ; at eighty-five , it 's lackluster .
Though I much preferred the efficient , murderous simplicity of Them , the French original , for the uninitiated The Strangers is a nice little fright fest and perfect date fare to boot .
While expoliting our fear of random house invasion , there 's no excuse for careless continuity and illogical behavior . Sloppy cinematic details diminish the scare factor .
Bertino , who comes off as more of a veteran behind the camera than a rookie , gives the film its own identity by slowly building up the action instead of jumping into everything in a hurry .
I like watching snakes eat mice just as much as the next fella , maybe even more , but The Strangers turns the gobble - 'em - up into an ordeal . It 's a fraud from start to finish .
A retread of just about every home-invasion movie of the past 50 years mixed with elements of torture porn and chick-flick romance ... has nothing new to offer in the genre .
There 's nothing more to it than meets the eye , but Bertino understands the mechanics of suspense and knows how to use them .
With no plot to speak of , no character development whatsoever , no theme and precious little intrigue , what we have here is simply a pileup of effects . And not especially special effects .
The Strangers is still entertaining but , just so you know , Them came up with a sharper , more disturbing way to finish things off .
Bertino relies too heavily on occasionally nonsensical terror tricks that every horror buff has seen a million times since John Carpenter 's Halloween set the standard for domestic fright-night mayhem .
Let 's give writer-director Bryan Bertino credit . He knows how to frame a shot to make characters seem vulnerable . Now for his next trick , he just needs to turn his talents toward something that is n't repulsive .
Though we always know where things are going , the film still frightens from moment to moment .
It 's intense but not necessarily fun and may disappoint less sophisticated horror fans . However , for die-hard supporters of unsettling peeks into the dark side of human nature , this is a welcome excursion .
Fans of the ` pitiless/merciless killers ' school of horror should get a jolt out of The Strangers , a harrowing real-time tale of an assault on a remote country home .
Imagine Funny Games stripped of all its social commentary , dark humor and information about its killers , and you 're starting to get the idea . It 's so spare , it 's almost abstract .
Writer and first-time director Bryan Bertino wastes his taut , tense premise -- two lovers , three villains , one house -- by depending on wearingly familiar tricks .
Unfolding with an almost startling lack of self-awareness , young filmmaker Bryan Bertino 's debut is such a careful , straight-faced knockoff of '70s exploitation films it plays like a parody .
Every silence , pause and sudden noise startles -- and the results , frankly , are more frightening than the graphic torture scenes in movies like Hostel and Saw .
For a film too goofy to be scary and too clumsy to be fun , even the least discerning splatter fan will find it hard to depend on the violence of The Strangers .
After a while , the suspense starts seeping out of The Strangers , because you realize that 's all there 's going to be to the movie .
The look and feel - cinematography , score , original music and sound design , sets and locations - are rich , textured , layered and sumptuous . But The Strangers , like an adversary wearing a mask , remains impenetrable .
Director Bryan Bertino brings an intimacy to his film that differentiates it from most of the slasher tripe out there , despite a creakily shopworn premise .
The Strangers is nothing fancy , though for a first-timer , Bertino paints a nice claustrophobic picture and knows what to do with the dark .
A frightfully effective chiller .
It sounds stupid enough , and ultimately is , but the director , Bryan Bertino , stages The Strangers ' early scenes with spooky panache .
It 's an efficiently made , appropriately terrifying film , downright minimalist in approach and all the more horrifying for it . It 's so basic it 's believable .
It 's so gruesomely relentless that the effect is like watching a slo-mo snuff film .
The movie deserves more stars for its bottom-line craft , but all the craft in the world ca n't redeem its story .
There 's nothing remotely new here , but the movie has the taut , queasy feel of an early 70s drive-in shocker : old-fashioned suspense without any guarantee of old-fashioned mercy .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Bertino has the pretensions of an artist and the indelicacy of a hack . He tries to get under our skin with a pile driver .
Opening against Sex and the City , it 's counterprogramming that runs counter to any sane notion of art or entertainment .
... useless even as a bad example .
Good thing The Strangers is n't actually scary in the least , because then I might really have to off on a rant about how our entertainment overlords are conspiring with our government to keep us timid and afraid .
The Strangers may not be perfect but it 's easy to believe that Bertino 's next few will be . It 's that great a debut .
For inferior horror films to work , they must be populated with characters who act irrationally at best and downright idiotically at worst .
Writer-director Bryan Bertino , making his debut , seems to understand the mechanics of the genre without having the slightest sense as to what do about the content .
This is no splatter movie : spare , suspenseful and brilliantly invested in silence , Bryan Bertinoâ -LRB- TM -RRB- s debut feature unfolds in a slow crescendo of intimidation .
Chilling feature .
No one is getting at anything in The Strangers , except the cheapest , ugliest kind of sadistic titillation .
The Strangers is a deadly dull experience in boredom , strangled by two cinematic stumbling blocks -- one external and one of its own unfortunate making .
... a grab-bag of nifty widescreen compositions and sound design stingers , with nothing on its mind besides its own virtuosity .
There are enough flaws on display in `` The Strangers '' to keep it from ever generating the necessary suspense to prevent viewers from noticing those flaws in the first place .
A film to unnerve us enough to either buy some extra deadbolts or kill the next bastard who walks across our lawn .
Proves well executed simplicity sometimes can be more effective than bombast , blood and things that go boom .
The Strangers has been saddled with an increasingly uneven sensibility that ultimately dulls the movie 's overall impact .
The Strangers is full of cheap scares and unoriginality but does contain an ending that is worthy of a stomach ache beyond belief .
Yes , OK , bad things happen to good people . Consider the message received ... about seven movies ago .
Really scary . A 10 on the `` creepy '' scale .
Bertino has created a seriously harrowing cautionary tale that 's sure to be remembered the next time you 're left in a house by yourself .
A knock at the door has never been this terrifying .
It gets less scary and less tense as it goes along .
As an exercise in controlled mayhem , horror movies do n't get much scarier .
. . riddled with continuity errors ... stupid victim behavior cliches ... and inconsistencies ... begins with its heroine 's 911 call but has no viable way of incorporating that call into its own unfolding logic .
It 's an outstanding example of the horror/suspense genre , made with a refreshing approach . But it contains elements so creaky and pathetic you want to scream .
Is Hollywood so disconnected from its past and bankrupt of ideas that it does n't even know this movie is a screaming cliché ?
An immensely creepy thriller , one that plays fair with the audience , treats its characters with unusual intelligence for the genre , and is all the more effective because the minimalist plot is kept spare and straightforward .
Spooky horror film has both tension and gore .
It 's all efficiently nerve-jangling , with Tyler and Speedman credibly registering every hue of panic .
Ultimately , it 's an invitation best refused . ` The Strangers ' offers a few memorable scares , but it is less chilling in its simplicity than numbing in its banality .
A must-see for horror fans , but the fewer questions you ask , the more effective it will be .
Speedman remains comatose , though Tyler flickers fitfully to life . The mournful look on her face suggests she 's remembering the days when she was given more psychologically complex scripts , such as Armageddon .
The Strangers gave me a look of disbelief , not the suspension of same , with its jaw dropping flaws .
Anchored by convincing performances from Scott Speedman and Liv Tyler , both of whom elevate their roles above the standard horror-movie caricature , this is an enormously unsettling movie .
A crisply made exercise in empty tension , like the stretched edges of an over-inflated balloon animal .
At a certain point , The Strangers devolves into the kind of generic chase picture that slasher flicks frequently become .
There 's little that distinguishes this movie 's basic plot from scores of other fright films over the decades , but The Stranger is more effective than most because of -LSB- director -RSB- Bertino 's deft manipulation of the storyteller 's tools .
If you 're a fan of the genre , The Strangers provides all the shocks and scares you could possibly want .
The momentum Bertino builds up over the course of the movie is deflated by an ending that does n't match the rest of the film .
The climax is deadening . Somewhere , Michael Haneke is saying , ` I told you so . '
Bertino 's cat-and-mouse chase is genuinely terrifying . If the director learns how to make what happens once the mouse is caught just as interesting , he 'll have a long , prosperous future ahead of him .
Well-produced and with masks certain to become regulars at future Halloween parties , The Strangers delivers suspense and decent shocks to keep it ahead of the average Hollywood horror .
The real problem is that there 's absolutely nothing original here and it 's obvious they tried to take what works and recycle it .
The Strangers is one of those inane fright fests that relies upon the victimizers being omniscient and omnipresent while the victims are complete morons .
The Strangers is n't scary , just tedious .
If you put yourself through the wringer only once this year , you could do worse than The Strangers .
Any good thriller should make you worry about walking through the door and into your dark apartment , but The Strangers may prevent you from ever going home again .
In `` Funny Games , '' two blond boys terrorize a couple for similarly inexplicable but clearly sociopathic reasons . So , gee , one wonders where Bertino conceived his idea .
... looks like a student film made at a friend 's house where the only direction given to the cast was to scream .
Seriously underwritten , depending too much on Liv Tyler 's abiity to pout , to shriek , to cry and to cry again .
An old-school spooker spun from the blood splatter on a wall , a nearby record player scratching an oldie , a CB radio in the garage , a creaky swing set in the backyard .
A grisly , morally disreputable cat-and-mouse exercise that has no point beyond viscerally implicating viewers in the same sadistic game played by the villains .
As with last year 's lean , mean B movie Vacancy , Bryan Bertino 's The Strangers is a white-knuckle thriller in which a couple going through relationship difficulties is terrorized by psychos .
So terrifying I watched the whole movie through a slit between two fingers .



@highlight

The Strangers provides a few scares , but offers little else to distinguish itself from other slasher films .