It is , all in all , a picture that can be highly recommended and commended for its honesty of purpose and its magnificent characterizations , and one that deserves the very best in exploitation to put it over .
The unholy joy of war
Despite the old fashioned , mawkish tone , I found the story to have a cumulative effect on me .
A gloriously , heart-rendingly beautiful , stirring picture of a generation in British family life .
I can only glean that Cavalcade 's obscurity is owed largely to the fact that it 's just not that great a movie .
Critics at the time loved this rather sanctimonious jaunt through history . Seen from the vantage point of post-Second World War egalitarianism , however , it all appears quaint and riddled with accepted class differences .
It 's hard not to see Cavalcade today as a corny contraption ... -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB-
As drama it gets a little too soapy and the jumps in time can seem abrupt , but `` Cavalcade '' really does convey a sense of history and historical periods .
It 's rife with fey , unintentional camp like the scene in which a newlywed couple pledge eternal love on the deck of an ocean liner -- only to move away and reveal a life preserver labeled Titanic .
Almost certain to be near the top of the list for 1933 .
This is the first big film out of the Fox studio since Sheehan 's return there and this is a big picture from and on every angle .
A rare beauty .
A loose collection of unfortunate events strung together to make a feature film sadly lacking a coherent theme .
Very much a part of our cinema heritage , Cavalcade deserves to be remembered more than it has been .
Nary a tear-jerking trick is missed -LRB- our family loses one son to the Titanic , the other to World War I -RRB- , and the strangulation is compounded by the staginess since the film .
The first soap opera to win the Best Picture Oscar , Cavalcade , based on Noel Coward 's long-running play tells the 30-year saga of a upper-class British family that loses both sons , the older in the Titanic tragedy , the younger in WWI .
-LSB- A -RSB- delightful , passionate drama .
It 's all very stiff-upper-lip stuff , but 70 years after it was made , it still remains a very rousing , moving experience .
Manipulating the audience 's emotions in the best tear-jerking tradition , this lavish production looks and feels great , but if you manage to survive the psychological warfare till the bitter end , you will feel empty and short-changed .
It is a most affecting and impressive picture .
A creaky tearjerker filled with shrill messages about patriotism and anti-war feelings ...
For solid acting , inventive cinematography , superb costuming and historic value , this is a great study .
If nothing else , this reveals something about the lingering power of World War I on the national and international psyches during the era .

@highlight

Though solidly acted and pleasant to look at , Cavalcade lacks cohesion , and sacrifices true emotion for mawkishness .