Bassett brings to the screen Solomon Kane ... with all due seriousness and gravity , as apparently befits the character .
It 's not everyone 's cup of bloody tea , but an unapologetic genre treat for those willing to dive in .
Formulaic , but it settles down into a fine if square-jawed groove , delivering rousing adventure of a sort which should generally please fans of throwback , morally black-and-white entertainment .
Director Michael J. Bassett seems to know how to correctly handle the material , giving it a lightness of touch but also enough bloody and shocking spectacle to stir up viewers .
Writer/director Michael J. Bassett stages the carnage under so much rain-soaked filth , you can almost smell the stench . It 's a good stench .
Few characters have much to do but grunt and scream and bleed .
Uneven and far less deep that it believes itself to be , Solomon Kane is nevertheless a solid B-movie diversion that excels when sticking to its pulpy , action-fantasy roots .
The script by director Michael J. Bassett wallows in formula and takes itself too seriously .
If some of the special effects are n't so special and the theology is bit foggy , director Bassett knows that there is almost nothing more inherently scary than a dark forest and leading man Purefoy brings conviction to Kane .
Been there , done that .
Bassett gives us plenty of reasons to respect his tale , then refuses to break that contract with cheap tricks or shoddy delivery .
`` Solomon Kane '' succeeds by embracing its identity as a straightforward genre exercise , complete with bone-crunching and blood-spurting action . By not aiming for more , it hits its target .
Who knew there were skinhead and zombie equivalents in late-Elizabethan England ?
It 's hardly original -LRB- and Max von Sydow is wasted in brief scenes as Kane 's father -RRB- , but `` Solomon Kane '' is worthy of big-screen appreciation .
Mr. Basset is too enamored of the usual action film clichés ... But he has a graphic visual style that suits the simplistic material and he keeps you watching even as the wet , sucking sounds of skewered flesh grows tedious .
It grinds along on the dubious strengths of its generic battle sequences and midbudget special effects , whipped up around a stone-faced hero who 's part Christ figure , part embodiment of wickedness , all crippling bore .
The fight choreography has a gracefulness bordering on elegance , and so it 's a shame that these standalone thrills are n't better integrated into the film as a fully formed narrative whole .
-LSB- It -RSB- does have its moments and gets better as it goes along .
Lacking a charismatic lead or villain , struggling with its big themes , it 's not surprising this 2009 picture sat on the shelf for so long .
The results suggest a compelling movie could be made from the material , even if it is n't this one .
It is , for a contemporary CGI-fraught fantasy-slash-living-video-game , not at all bad , dotted with moments of Bosch and steady on its storytelling feet .
A borrowed mélange of Lord of the Rings pomp , weightless CGI sorcery , artfully smudged cheekbones and exceedingly dull sword slicings .
Both the movie and the hero are too relentlessly dour .
Renouncing CGI and superhuman stunts , ` Solomon Kane ' gives Solomon and its own effective visuals time to develop .
More numbing than rousing , leaving a perfectly acceptable lead performance from James Purefoy to carry the lion 's share of the picture 's appeal , and it 's a weight that 's often too much for the actor to bear .
... a wet blanket of gloom and humorlessness .
It 's doubtful Kane will ever rival Conan -- Howard 's other creation -- in terms of fame , but his world is definitely one that I would be willing to visit again .
Do n't misunderstand -- this is no masterpiece akin to Orson Welles ' similarly named Citizen , but it 's entertaining pulp , cheesy but not campy .
The film fails to take full advantage , possessing neither a sense of its own ridiculousness nor the flat-out propulsive energy that would make concerns about its hokey storyline irrelevant .
If weapons and wizardry get your blood up , and you prefer your movies dark and brooding and minus the sandals , Solomon Kane fits the bill . It may lack The Lord Of The Rings ' majesty , but Robert E. Howard fans will lap it up .
A monstrously entertaining action-adventure ... the film 's epic vision bears comparison with the ` Lord of the Rings ' trilogy , its imaginative supernatural elements confidently fused with a savage reality .
A hugely entertaining adaptation of the dark comic series .
There 's plenty that 's good here : a serious tone , steady pacing , muddy and bloody scenery and a convincing turn by Purefoy in his own west country accent . But Kane is an ill fit into the origins tale template ; it 's a story with few surprises .
A thoroughly entertaining demon-slaying romp set in 16th Century Britain . Boasting an impressive lead performance by James Purefoy as the anti-hero seeking redemption , the film bears enough individual traits and dynamism to overcome its numerous flaws .
A combination of Purefoy 's stoic , captivating performance and a number of bloodthirstily brilliant fight scenes ensure this is more Darling Bloods of May than twee cheese-fest .
A brutal fusion of angst and action , this mini-epic gives the sword-and-sorcery genre a bleak , brusque new life . Watch it for some terrific limbchopping and a mighty turn by James Purefoy .
Decked out with terrific Czech locations , Klaus Badelt 's rousing score , neat CGI visual effects keen biblical imagery and a solid supporting cast , the imperfections can be forgiven .
James Purefoy is excellent as Kane , his natural charisma and charm ably compensating for the fact that Solomon does some pretty terrible things .
Dark and brooding , and fairly Lord of the Rings-esque in a smaller budget kind of way . Purefoy deftly handles the action like any A-lister leading man can . Great fun .
An effective slice of occult high adventure , a sombre swashbuckler that pays its pulp source material a flinty , tight-lipped respect .
... an exciting initial entry in what could -LRB- and should -RRB- be an ongoing series .
This muscular yet monotonous Kane just is n't much fun .
A solid fantasy flick , with a great role for star Purefoy .
A well-shot , competently realized , and surprisingly entertaining mash-up of 16th century `` wizards and warriors '' and devil-may-care monster mayhem .
Storywise , it leaves a lot to be desired ... has many tonal and pacing problems , mainly because like the source material , it 's all handled very seriously .

@highlight

Solomon Kane 's formulaic and bleak narrative is overcome by an entertaining , straightforward adherence to its genre , exciting gore , and a gratifying lead performance by James Purefoy .