Looking back on it ten years later , it deserves more credit than it received at the time of its release , if for nothing else than somewhat redeeming a character that had become a caricature of himself by the previous conclusion of his own franchise .
Leaden action picture .
Stallone uses his iconic character here to explore the necessary evils of violence through a brutal pop lens .
Sly may be a crass tyrannosaurus , but he 's not a fake
Light on plot , heavy on violence - Rambo is n't for everyone , however I think it perfectly appeals to the video game crowd .
Do you want disembowelment and decapitation with your popcorn ? Is gore glorious ? Is brutality orgasmic ? Is spurting blood the fountain of fun ? If so , Rambo is 4 U .
The orgy of violence , as ghastly as in any video game , should go a long way toward erasing whatever goodwill Stallone earned with his sentimental Rocky Balboa .
Straightforward wish fulfillment -- imagine what crimes against humanity we could punish if we had real , indestructible Rambos .
It 's not the perfect Rambo film I was hoping for , but it was a pretty entertaining one .
Now we are no longer observing the icon ... we are the icon .
I know my credibility could take a hit here , but I am man enough to admit that I enjoyed watching Rambo once again don his famous headband and shoot enemies with his trusty bow and arrow .
-LRB- Rambo -RRB- really only has 3-4 minutes of redeeming entertainment .
Suspiciously wrinkle-resistant Stallone in comeback , a Rambo in serious need of anger management and not too shy to get into a little ripping out of throats with bare hands and selective disemboweling too .
The film does for the Myanmar genocide what I Now Pronounce You Chuck and Larry did for same-sex marriage ...
Luckily , Rambo 's years away from war have n't dulled his ability to rip out a man 's throat with his bare hands .
` Rambo ' is pure adrenaline , a frenzied rush into the heart of a jungle where the prevailing darkness is far more horrific than anything Kurtz could have imagined .
However you parse the character 's evolution , Rambo the film shows a peculiar understanding of changes in the industry .
Quando comemorei o retorno de Stallone à boa forma artística , não imaginei que empregaria sua recém-reconquistada influência para realizar algo tão abominável quanto este Rambo IV .
While Rambo is certainly not for everyone , it succeeds at being exactly what it sets out to be % u2014 a nostalgic , actionpacked , gore-splattered ode to the antihero of a bygone era .
I love Stallone , but this is n't any fun . I 'm also concerned because he 's starting to look like the Cloverfield monster . No more HGH !
The hero 's iconic inertia is photographed against molten skies or Judgment Day sunsets , providing moments of mythic repose between the pell-mell battle scenes .
Makes First Blood look like Bambi .
Little more than a cartoon , Rambo caters only for those still smitten by the rat-a-tat of continuous gunfire .
At times there is something weirdly comforting about the film 's no-frills , fundamentalist zeal .
The fourth and , amazingly , the most meat-headed adventure yet of the killing machine John Rambo can safely be recommended to people who hate intelligence and love exploding body parts .
Stallone may believe that he can turn back the clock to the golden era of his career , but I 'm not convinced that this kind of brutal , bellicose naivety sits so well with audiences any more .
On one level Rambo delivers what you 're expecting : hard-to-hear dialogue married to hard-to-watch action . But this outing is uncomfortably gruesome and blatantly manipulative . Despite grander aspirations , only leather-tough mayhem-lovers will be satisfied
It 's far from a perfect movie , and some will get too caught up in the debate over the use of such a war as the subtext for a popcorn actioner , but Stallone has delivered the movie Rambo fans would have asked for .
Rocky Balboa eventually aged gracefully but Rambo remains mired in gratuitous violence , dubious ideology and cheap sentiment . If anyone sees Stallone contemplating further adventures , do n't push him .
Less a war movie than a turkey shoot in a ketchup factory .
90 minutes of violence . No more , no less .
Rambo could have been a satisfying romp - wherein bad dialogue and cardboard characters can be forgiven - but for the sin of making the main man step to the sidelines in favour of charisma-free fillers . Bad move , Sly ...
There is next to no dialogue in the film 's final 30 minutes % u2013 just a torrent of killing , blood and violence . The film 's target market of young testosterone-charged males will no doubt be eager to immerse themselves in this blood-fest of stunts and sp
A neat little farewell to a very silly action hero .
It 's unsubtle filmmaking , laying out every nuance for us and playing around with some pretty serious ideas without digging very deep .
An old man and his knife , sweet
Well , John Rambo 's at it again , and here 's Sylvester Stallone again . But `` Rambo '' is n't nearly as rewarding as Stallone 's recent `` Rocky '' romp .
It would probably feel more at home on a cruddy VHS tape with bad tracking problems ...
... at this rate , what can we look forward to ? Cobra : Back in the Hood ? Son of Judge Dredd ?
Those going in knowing what to expect will likely welcome this send-off
This film is like a bull in a China shop -- it just keeps charging forward , destroying everything in its path .
Stallone is in desperate need of reinvention , but he seems myopically focused on rehashing the past rather than exploring the future .
Like America , it 's both excited by and ashamed of its bloodlust .
A sloppy , ugly splatter flick .
Last Blood -LRB- fingers crossed -RRB- .
To quote Joseph Bologna in `` My Favorite Year , '' ` what a stinkburger ! '
... Creates only the facade of a social conscience because the series ran out of relevant things to say after First Blood .
As vehement in its stereotyping as World War II propaganda .
After lying low for 20 years , Rambo massacres 1000 men . Best sequel of the series . I 'm looking forward to Rambo V .
A cynical cash-grab , made not because Stallone had some good ideas for the character but because he wanted to capitalize on it .
No matter how reluctant and torn the killer , ` Rambo ' is an apologia for brute force .
Watching Rambo and Sarah on screen together , one is reminded less of Rick and Ilsa and more of Kong and Ann Darrow .
The lack of irony or humor -- except for the occasional unintended chuckles provoked by certain platitudinal one-liners -- here separates the violence from Tarantino films or graphic novel adaptations that often use their bloodfests to parody or to bemuse
As the current obsession with Reagan suggests , it 's back to fantasyland !
Rambo shows Stallone ran out of ideas after penning 2006 's Rocky Balboa .
` Thanks to my plastic surgeon , now I literally do have the Eye of the Tiger ! ' exclaimed Sly . ` Poor tiger ! '
The very brutal violence that opens the film casts a pall over the very movie-fake violence that follows .
It is an effective action movie , but it is awfully bloody .
Damned if Stallone does n't get us rooting for Rambo to kick bad-guy butt one more time , the same way we cheered on Rocky 's improbable return .
I wonder if he 'll remake `` Rhinestone '' or `` Stop ! Or my Mom Will Shoot '' next ?
It loses all meaning and becomes a numbing barrage of blood . We end up wondering how the special effects were achieved instead of investing in the outcome .
As a piece of crude , ejaculatory guerrilla pulp , the movie is at the head of its class -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- .
Clearly a vanity project , it 's graphic and blood-drenched . Stay out of the jungle !
Rambo delivers big-time and simultaneously gives a big , blood-covered middle finger to all the neutered action movies of late .
Stallone still looks terrrific , but ` Rambo ' spends too much time showing how much carnage the big screen can take .
Stallone has never made a movie as purely intense and visceral as this .
Stallone knows his audience and he does n't disappoint . You get exactly what you pay for , including graphic violence without much dialogue .
This is the Schindler 's List of B-list butchery .
With Rambo , you know what you get and you get it . The big question is : what countries will he save when he 's 70 ? 80 ?
Geriatric Rambo , AARP poster boy , still saves the day !
einai eggyimeno oi palmoi soy na piasoyn ta rpm ton mydraliobolon poy gazonoyn o , ti melapso brethei mprosta toys , ki anoigoyn trypes megalyteres ki ap ' tin oikonomiki krisi tis Amerikis , gia na soy serbiroyn ahnista lahtarista antera shimatikon sadiston a
Qualms about Rambo 's contextual appropriateness aside , this guns-ablazing movie works on a primal level , but stiff performances and a musty script has it firing its share of blanks too .
Sylvester Stallone may be eating at the 4:30 buffet and paying with his AARP card , but he can still make one hell of an action flick .
I suppose this is what we get for encouraging the man .
The end result of Rambo IV is akin to that of The Dead Pool , the fifth -LRB- and probably final -RRB- Dirty Harry movie . Yes , it is the least of the series , but years later , fans of the character will be glad it exists .
Crass exploitation of a serious issue , yes , and also the type of comic-book cartoonishness that the series has always peddled , regardless of the grim aesthetic and tone employed throughout this installment .
Well-shot and well-edited violence porn .
Rambo ranks as the overall series ' second-best entry .
Stallone , smarter than he looks and possessing fierce determination , pours as much heart into this one-man-army saga as he does movie blood .
Its rainy murk is as oppressive as its non-stop brutality , which is monotonously undifferentiated .
If I had a penny for every screaming explosion in Rambo , I 'd be dead .
Just like the actor playing him , our hero no longer looks or acts like his predecessor . Oddly enough , as long as he covers his tracks in the entrails of his enemies , we could really care less .
No longer is Rambo killing for a cause , but for kicks . And his portentous blather , even by Rambo standards , becomes unintentionally hilarious .
`` So they send in the devil to do God 's work , '' says a hulking Australian mercenary , part of the rescue attempt . `` It 's ironic , is n't it ? '' Highly ironic . The implications of that irony are not explored in the movie .
Spare is good : so spare that essentials are missing is not .
A grim , hyperviolent send-off that could give you post-traumatic stress disorder .
This violence contains a movie , but only intermittently .
A brutish , brutal and simplistic orgy of violence .
Stiffly written , woodenly acted , and indifferently directed .
If bringing back Rocky and Rambo opens him up to more ridicule from the likes of me , itâ -LRB- TM -RRB- s also the kind of challenge at which he excels . Idiotic as Rocky Balboa was , the punches landed , and Rambo works on its own debased terms , too .
The enemies so comically monstrous and their deaths so gory , that you may just throw your head back and roar with laughter .
Rambo hits his stride in the film 's second half , meting out justice in an unjust world and ultimately the movie works best when warbling its out-of-tune greatest hits .
The man has n't turned into Hostel director Eli Roth , but for all the rape , torture and blood-letting on display in Rambo , it would n't be far off the mark to call -LSB- Stallone -RSB- Roth 's spiritual godfather .
A far cry from Ted Kotcheff 's original Rambo movie First Blood , which was ostensibly a serious rumination on the fate of the people we train to kill once we 're done with them .
It 's an unfortunate ending for a once-great screen character who deserves to be known for more than the waste he laid to others .
Stunningly , unrelentingly violent .
Proficiently made , deeply offensive and undeniably cruel , like a popular restaurant serving fresh-roasted puppy .
Torture , depravity , kidnap , massacre , and gore abound . You 've been warned .
None of this is beyond what you 'd expect -- or fear -- from a Rambo movie . What is inexcusable is the moral self-congratulation the movie trades on , attaching itself to the plight of the Burmese people .
Never , not even in the aftermath of Pearl Harbor , has Hollywood depicted Asians with more prejudice . To what end ?
The mouthiest mercenary , a surly Brit , is given the best line to snarl at our hero : `` You can drop that thousand-yard stare . I 've seen it all before , and I 'm not impressed . '' We could n't have said it better ourselves .
This time , it 's impersonal .
Torture porn probably makes this movie seem quaint .
Stallone is smart enough -- or maybe dumb enough , though I tend to think not -- to present the mythic dimensions of the character without apology or irony . Welcome back .
A brutal , insanely excessive successor to grindhouse pictures of yore .
He 's still dirty , ripped and rough around all the right edges . Unfortunately , it feels as if we 're drawn back to the theater to fill Hollywood 's pockets in exchange for bouts of purely gratuitous violence without a strong plotline .
It 's a quick , stupefying movie but a fun one and a showcase for the latest in squib technology .
Talk about mixed movie messages -- I fear the more important part of the movie gets buried in the bloodshed . You could say that Rambo shoots himself in the foot .
Rambo is exactly the film you want it to be . It has little dialogue , plenty of action , and a nice load of blood and guts splattered throughout .
For those who loved all those idiot action films of the '80s -LRB- or want to know what they were like -RRB- , Rambo is the real deal .
All we get is unintentionally hilarious dialogue in which the characters speak lines that not only seem to have been torn straight from the tag lines of movie posters , they seem to have been selected exclusively from films that went direct-to-video .
If there has ever been a film that showcases the hypocrisy of the Motion Picture Association of America more than Sylvester Stallone 's Rambo I 'm pretty positive I 've never seen it .
At its best when it considers the shell of a man its hero has become ; the ways that war and violence have become a part of his being , and what that has done to him .
MelGibsonly violent , with a higher bodycount than the other three flicks - put together !
Has the gritty realism of the first film and a sadder mood for our hero but still continues Rambo as a soldier for hire involved in a standard plot .
One of the most grotesque , gruesome and gory movies you will ever see . I started having ` Nam flashbacks , and I was n't even born then . I need to rent Cinderella , so I can feel clean again .
the action here is repetitive , derivative , and clunky . Then there 's the subtext , which embodies enough jingoistic Imperialism to make Kipling puff up his chest with pride
Stallone 's previous film , Rocky Balboa -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , was a highly personal and surprisingly touching film . But Rambo shows no such justification for its existence .
Rambo is what it is and , like Rocky Balboa , does it with the spirit of its predecessors .
... fans of the -LSB- action -RSB- genre flat-out owe it to themselves to check out the movie theatrically -LRB- if only to encourage the studios to quit making watered-down garbage like Hitman and Live Free or Die Hard -RRB- .
The movie is neither cathartic nor entertaining .
A literal goulash of gore , and I was quite taken with the fearlessness of it all . The overall responsibility of the film is open for debate , but nobody can say that Stallone did n't reach for the bloodied brass ring with this splendidly bonkers concoction .
It 's not a movie . It 's an adrenaline pump and purveyor of raw carnage .
The movie might satisfy bloodthirsty action fans , but for most people , this is one Stallone do-over we could have done without .
Rambo combines an unapologetic return to the grand action-movie tradition of blowing **** up with a Saw-era interest in close-ups of human viscera . The problem is that the moral meaning of the gore keeps changing .
Non-stop violence is too overpowering for kids .
Sorry Sly , not this time .
The problem is , even as mindless violence , the movie fails .
Stallone -LRB- who looks fit but mostly keeps his shirt on -RRB- has no intention of bogging the action down , but it 's still a notably cheerless exercise , without knowing winks or stabs -LRB- pardon the expression -RRB- at humor .
Someone finally got it ; a violent action movie that delivers violent action , popular conventions be damned .
For a brief moment in this alarmingly grisly fourth Rambo movie , it seems as though Sylvester Stallone might be -LRB- literally and figuratively -RRB- trying to say something . Turns out , not .
Hollow , hopeless , horridly written and wholly unpleasant . One would be hard-pressed to imagine a conventional narrative being any thinner than the one in Rambo .
I ca n't imagine that anyone but the most stodgy and difficult-to-please critics -LRB- and those that are really offended by blood -RRB- will not be able to find something of merit to like about Rambo .
After the moderate success of Rocky , Sly is desperate to revive his other popular series , but this actioner , which exploits Burma 's politics , is so retro and poorly executed that it 's not even fun as mindless entertainment .
Stays on the verge of being a rousing dumbass flick at all times -- you 've never seen so many mid-air organs -- yet its combination of outrageous bodily trauma and beagle-eyed moments of reflection never quite makes it go over the top .
The battle sequences are so muddled in execution that we ca n't tell who 's killing whom . Which may have been the point , but knowing Stallone -- and Rambo -- one doubts that very much .
It 's a middling movie both in terms of the franchise and in terms of action movies in general .
It 's confusing . Rambo makes you root for the wrong things .
The original Rambo movie was actually titled First Blood ... This one should be called Entirely Too Much Blood .
If you do n't want all the schmaltzy stuff , there is plenty of a ** - kicking to make you happy .
Stallone is back . Rambo is back . It even ends with a nice bookend to First Blood . You might pick apart some of the plot or some of the mercenary dialogue , but that 's not the point . The point is to give Rambo fans the ultimate Rambo movie .
Rambo earns the Red Badge of Carnage .




@highlight

Sylvester Stallone knows how to stage action sequences , but the movie 's uneven pacing and excessive violence -LRB- even for the franchise -RRB- is more nauseating than entertaining .