The Florida Project could easily be a Best Picture nominee this season . Baker 's direction is so fluid , and the whole movie is so organic , you feel that you 've lived it through it with all the characters .
The Happiest Place on Earth can be wherever you want it to be . And I know now that should never be taken for granted .
A brilliantly dark social conscience heartbreaking comedy gem about dealing with the corruption of innocent children .
Surely -LSB- Brooklyn Pierce -RSB- will be one of Hollywood 's great performers . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
We do n't often see these people in movies , especially in American movies . We see them in the background , hustling , hawking , stealing , serving , providing - as we do in real life .
Cinema in its purest form . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
It is the remarkable performance from the little Prince that propels the film forward .
Baker follows these characters through a series of neo-realist episodes , in their absolute precariousness and in their most contagious freedom . -LRB- Complete review in newspaper Reforma , in Spanish -RRB-
Sean Baker 's portrait of working-class Americana is powerfully narrated and beautifully performed .
Without a trace of sentimentality , it chronicles the carefree innocence of childhood even as the children intuit that there are no easy answers to the problems they face .
-LSB- The film -RSB- achieves something very difficult and rare : the harmonious coexistence of beauty with ugliness , of the sublime with the abject . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An unusual and endearing comedy ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
With a visual language based on vignettes and with explosive colors , -LSB- director Sean -RSB- Baker builds a hilarious , exhilarating film , full of warmth and candor ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The narrative speaks from its realism . is not frivolous and its ending is a perfect explosion of feelings . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
I rented this film mainly because of the Academy Award nomination for Willem Dafoe , who plays motel manager Bobby in this film . He is every bit as good as you would expect for such an honor , but it is the kids who steal the show in this film .
The pathos of the film proves to be gut-wrenching
Another great Sean Baker piece that finds a way to make a heartbreaking story about poverty into a bittersweet adventure as told through through the precocious eyes of a Moonee and her mother Halley .
... a misbegotten endeavor that 's as pointless as it is infuriating .
-LSB- Wilem -RSB- Dafoe gives a warm performance as the harassed but decent manager .
Despite the sunny Florida skies , Baker shows how easily harsh realities can darken lives . The last scene of this thought-provoking film is heartrending .
... some of the most compelling , realistic , and lovable -LRB- despite the fact that they are objectively little monsters -RRB- protagonists in any film last year .
Baker has made a movie that cuts out the melodrama of after-school specials and found the profound contemplation lurking underneath .
Non-actors Brooklynn Prince and Bria Vinaite , seconded by Willem Dafoe , simple marvel . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
A little film with a big message - one of the best of 2017 .
Welcome to your favorite movie of the year . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
One of the best and more moving interpretations of -LSB- Willem Dafoe 's -RSB- career . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Sean Baker returns to show us in The Florida Project those characters who live in the abandoned corners of splendor , who survive as they can in a society that has forgotten them ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Compassionately told through the eyes of a child , -LSB- the film -RSB- is a captivating observational drama filled with moments of incredible sadness , wide-eyed innocence and pure joy .
The film could be used as an educational tool for governments unconvinced of the importance of effective social support networks .
As he demonstrated in Tangerine , Baker has a fine way with actors . Here , he is especially good with children . Brooklynn Prince , as the six-year-old Moonee , is astonishing .
Infused with the love for the often-disregarded members of society , it 's obvious that Baker has a genuine appreciation for the mistreated subjects he focuses on .
An honest , accessible , compassionate account of low-rent troubles and tussles - a tale that 's tender , tragic and joyous with a knockout ending that 's both devastating and beautiful .
The best film of 2017 .
Heir to the traditions of Huck Finn , the ` Our Gang ' shorts and other tales of feral children , Sean Baker 's ` Tangerine ' followup transforms the strip malls and short-term motels of Disneyfied Orlando into a magical playground of discovery and peril .
One of the year 's most riveting , beautifully shot and well-acted films . It 's a heartfelt look at the lives of the downtrodden .
A reverse-Spielberg view of being a kid . No alien buddies , cuddly friends or otherworldly adventures . But there is still magic .
With his first three films filmmaker Sean Baker has managed to present slices of life from the underbelly of society that are often if not completely overlooked .
It 's triumph is its determined optimism , even if it admits that is probably a fantasy . It 's a tale of the fallen who , like Moonee 's favourite tree , keeps on growing regardless .
The Florida Project is a remarkable movie .
Beautiful and heartbreaking . Sean Baker outdoes himself with one of the best films of 2017 . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Exuberant , empathetic and impassioned .
Baker presents all this without poor-shaming , without being overtly political and without lecturing , but there 's a real rage at the state of America -- and it 's this balance that makes The Florida Project special .
Little Moonee is innocent in every sense that counts , and even her worst misdeeds are fuelled by excitement at the possibilities of life .
A marvelous bittersweet film about the endearing naivety of childhood and the reality that gravitates around it threatening to end it all at once . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
So beautiful , heartbreaking and unassumingly masterful from beginning to end , The Florida Project is undoubtedly one of the best movies of 2017 .
An unforgettable whisper of fresh air among the stepping-stones of reality
The Florida Project is a fantastic piece of writing , a showcase for a couple of breakout performances ... and a film we will be hearing a lot more about as award season gets into swing .
The world captured by Sean Baker 's lens is colourful and bright , despite its impoverished inhabitants , and he never judges or pities them for their choices , even if you might . Here is a movie that shows , not tells .
Heartbreaking and humane , `` The Florida Project '' is one of most stirring movies you 'll see this year .
... riveting mix of exhilaration and dread , right up to its pitch-perfect conclusion .
The Florida Project is a worthy follow-up to Sean Baker 's groundbreaking 2015 film Tangerine , also co-written with Chris Bergoch .
Sean Baker 's dramatically infused -LSB- ethnographic -RSB- study of poverty in Kissimmee , `` The Florida Project '' remains a moving encapsulation of an escalating human crisis in America .
Unique is too small a word to describe the filmmaking somersaults Sean Baker has achieved with this excellent coming of age story .
Ending on an unusual note , The Florida Project may take a little time to sink in but it 's a commanding character study that will hopefully open eyes .
There is n't much of a narrative going on here , but Baker succeeds in enveloping the viewer in a very particular place .
Enormously compassionate ; joyous and funny , incisive and surprising , and truly subversive ... manages to be furious about the state of affairs in the United States while never raising its voice nor venturing near any political imagery .
Sean Baker 's latest avoids being an exploitative portrayal of poverty by empathetically portraying its characters ' daily struggles , and giving time to a variety of perspectives .
A film not for the faint-hearted , easily-offended or frequently irritated by `` kids these days '' , Florida is nonetheless a vibrant and vital slice of modern American cinema .
The Florida Project is a funny , tragic , anarchic , hypercolour slice of life , and I loved it .
Notably , however , Baker has no interest in making a screed against neglectful parents , poor-shaming these bedraggled families as somehow the agents of their own destruction .
A scripted drama with the unflinching , unjudging eye of a documentary ...
It was equal parts whimsical child fantasy and very real adult drama . It simultaneously broke my heart and opened my eyes .
Bittersweet and heartbreaking ; words ca n't describe the simultaneous emotional devastation and wide-smiled happiness induced by the ending
A refreshing , intimate look at the kind of people that Trump voters dislike .
One of those films that makes you feel like you 're eavesdropping on others ' lives . It 's raw and authentic , heartbreaking and funny , profoundly humane .
One of the greatest films of the year .
There 's an abundance of authenticity up on the screen , which ensures that you do n't know what 's coming until it happens , and you do n't know how hard it 'll hit you until it already has .
... The Florida Project is a film with an abundance of heart , one which highlights and commends relentless perseverance , but which recognises that ... the shiny , exciting aspects of capitalist life often work to hide its victims ...
The emotional payoff is so incredibly worth your time .
That discovery comes slowly , but inexorably , and in Baker 's talented hands , ends up feeling - at the film 's end - both like an act of love ... and a punch to the heart .
The Florida Project is filmmaking at its most pure ; a simple story , affectingly told by characters that leave you aching .
Baker 's work with his largely inexperienced cast is relaxed and playful , and the film 's tone is fairly assured .
As in many of Sean Baker 's films , The Florida Project 's final destination does n't quite captivate as much as the journey taken to get there .
It 's all about the enchantments to be found in the margins of America 's moribund entertainment empire -- which makes it sound heavy , but it 's not .
The Florida Project is not a sentimental film and never fetishises its protagonists ' poverty . It 's oddly beautiful though , lingering over the sun-dappled highlights of a childhood that 's about to go bad .
This beautifully shot , smartly-written and wonderfully-cast drama is grim and joyful in equal measures .
Another superbly sympathetic portrait of marginalised experience from a film-maker whose great triumph is that he never feels like a tourist . This is Moonee 's world , and for a couple of hours at least , we are privileged to live in it .
For Moonee and her friends , The Magic Castle is more than a castle-it 's the Magic Kingdom .
The audience is invited to believe that their lives are devoid of thoughts and motivations beyond hustle and pleasure , and so the movie ends up feeling like a millennial Instagram feed : cute , edgy , explosive , pithy , but shallow .
The Magic Kingdom colors almost every scene of The Florida Project . Sean Baker 's achingly beautiful and heartbreaking new film .
This is a compassionate film about the conditions of working class America , where the next knock on the door might well be from a child welfare agency .
The camera , if especially respectful towards the children , refuses to demonise any of the characters .
A life-affirming celebration of individuals determined to make the most of life .
One of the most memorable pictures I 've seen all year .
The combination of the worldly wise Bobby and the cheekily innocent Moonee is its charming heart .
This is a film fully attuned to the way kids find beauty all around them and Baker does remarkable work with his young cast .
The Florida Project , director Sean Baker captures that cautious ethereality of Moonee 's constructed universe against the harsh reality of transient families living in a highway motel in the shadow of The Happiest Place on Earth .
There is something real and pressing in this vision that requires us to remain attuned to the plights of people like Moonee and Halley .
It may not be an easy piece of work to digest at times , but the emotions it 's able to conjure will hit you with an unavoidable force .
The Florida Project absolutely sings as a visual achievement , and not only as that .
The Florida Project is one of the best films about childhood made anywhere in recent years .
-LSB- It 's -RSB- so simplistic and repetitious that it could have easily summed up its story as a short film , especially a documentary . Which is to say that this could have been something special in that form , and that in this form , it needed serious editing .
With most films you know what you are getting within the first ten minutes -- oh , it 's this film ; OK -- but here there are no plot points as such and we never quite know where we 're headed , which gives it the thrum of real life .
Both deeply human and sublime .
Vibrant portrait that shows us from a child 's point of view how play and enthusiasm can be ways to survive poverty .
The film 's sympathetic eye ensures it does n't exoticise the family 's plight , or dip into poverty porn . Drunken brawls , pissed-off johns and vicious catfights are simply day-to-day eruptions here , blowing in and out of the motel like the Florida weather .
A summation about the power of The Florida Project feels trite - just go to see it .
The Florida Project is a song of innocence and of experience : mainly the former .
Vibrant and brimming with vitality , this is empathic towards its subjects but fiercely critical of the system that victimises them .
It 's a celebration of the camaraderie and optimism of people whose lives could be seen from the outside as desperate or sad .
The Florida Project is magic in the real .
The Florida Project is ultimately a beautiful , rough portrait of childhood set against the backdrop of the remains of the dreams of adults , which , like so many Florida oranges , have become overripe and rotten .
For the most part what you get here are raw , non-star performances combined with knockout neon visuals .
It 's swallowed up by a style-over-substance approach increasingly at odds with its subject matter .
Poverty and poetry , delinquency and deluxe wonder ... this child 's - eye view of lives on a knife-edge is terrific .
It seems more casually curious and at times even exploitative in its attempt to center the narrative of a poor , marginalized single mother and her precocious young daughter .
It 's a great idea for a story that 's been plucked too soon and put up on screen before the details in the script had a chance to ripen .
There are storytelling issues that are n't resolved , but Baker largely gets by on atmosphere and periodic screen poetry , finding an original location to sort through troubled people .
-LSB- Florida Project -RSB- is two hours of grit , outrage , and beauty .
Transform -LSB- s -RSB- the tacky plaster eyesores despoiling the marshy landscape into almost painfully beautiful tableaux of color , lines , and ethereal fantasy .
An astounding achievement that looks like nothing else on screens this year -LRB- Broad Street Review -RRB-
It 's a heartbreaking world , and a hard one , set in a place that charges by the day because that 's how life is lived .
Sean Baker is so skilled at making ugliness appear beautiful , I 'd love to turn him loose on some of my childhood photos .
Superb acting by the children , Bria Vinatie as Halley , and a terrific Willem Dafoe as Bobby makes a difficult film engaging . It takes courage to present this tragic struggle with poverty -- and some fortitude for the audience to confront it .
It is at turns charming but unsettling , amusing but poignant , care-free but thought-provoking . But the real story here is Brooklynn Prince , a 6-year-old star in the making .
... finds the beauty in a scruffy part of Florida that the tourist board would probably prefer that you ignore .
... a funny , gut-wrenching , emotionally complex masterwork of the human condition that exudes warmth and humility in every frame .
Quite simply , one of the best films about childhood ever made .
It does n't just show what its characters go through , it observes . It notices . It studies . This is a film that pays attention to the little details that communicate huge feelings .
You 'll weep for these kids and try to hope for their future .
It heads any list of the best films of the year by a substantial margin .
Frankly , today , what six-year old do you see walking around without a parent ? Social Services would be called immediately .
The Florida Project , though , dances deftly around kitchen-sink realism and instead looks at this pastel world through the eyes of characters too young to know , or care , that they are n't rich .
-LSB- An -RSB- engaging , humane little movie ...
Sleazy and shrill , it exploits the bleak , anti-social underbelly of economic inequality around The Magic Kingdom - emerging as perhaps the most depressing film of the year .
Your heart will break , but it will also swell .
Mr. Dafoe turns in his best , most touching performance in years .
Never before have I seen -LSB- Dafoe -RSB- display the particular emotions that he displays in this film .
I ca n't think of a movie that better captures the evanescent joy and freedom of childhood than The Florida Project .
A wonderfully humane , heartbreakingly kind film .
One of the most transcendent big-screen stories of the year comes in the pint-sized package of Moonee -LRB- Brooklynn Kimberly Prince -RRB- .
Youngsters named Moonee -LRB- the divine Brooklynn Prince -RRB- , Scooty and Jancey become those mischievous and usually unsupervised little rascals all over again .
How can one of the most joyful films of the year also be one of the saddest ?
-LSB- Director Sean Baker 's -RSB- frantic depiction of Moonee 's final fantasy verges on both brilliance and heartbreak .
The best , most heartbreakingly inspiring film of the year .
-LSB- Brooklyn -RSB- Prince-with considerable help from her costars , Baker , and screenwriter Chris Bergoch-resonates beyond the twee and cute . At the film 's climax , Prince delivers a performance that would make even the surliest curmudgeon cry .
Director Sean Baker 's sun-drenched , pastel-colored drama has a vibrant energy even amid the most heartbreaking moments
It 's one of the most effective , honest portraits of childhood you 'll ever see , and a touching , poignant snapshot of American life in 2017 .
The Florida Project is painfully good . -LSB- Sean -RSB- Baker has arrived .
The world of The Florida Project feels tangible , lyrical , forbidding and magical all at once , a boundaryless playground for kids and a quicksand prison for everyone else .
... a truly magnificent effort from director Sean Baker and cowriter Chris Bergoch .
You feel as if you 've slipped inside of Moonee 's enchanted world , while at the same time seeing the harsh reality of Halley 's . That contrast is devastating , right up to a final sequence that 's sure to break your heart in two .
The Florida Project is certainly lively , but it is anything but redemptive . In spite of its episodic documentary quality , it traces an overdetermined downward spiral .
Sean Baker 's effortlessly headlong dive into a child 's imagination is a tender thunderclap ... generous , grand , gorgeous ... ground-level magic .
Director Sean Baker 's luminous odyssey overflows with wit and joy .
The Florida Project is a poetic mass of contradictions , a delicately graceful and harrowingly gritty drama that presents an innocent child 's - eye view of a troubled adult world , a place of heartbreak and poverty in the shadow of the Magic Kingdom .
Baker places no dramatic emphasis on any individual scene , granting a sense of wide-eyed wonder to major and minor events alike .
Rarely has such a heartbreakingly innocent portrait of childhood been portrayed on film .
Undeniably essential viewing .
The performances by the children , especially -LRB- Brooklyn -RRB- Prince , are magical and unforgettable . You will think of them long after you leave the theater .
The fluid visuals are a perfect match for the curiosity and exuberance of the kids , who prowl the motel grounds and beyond on the hunt for mischief .
Baker never succumbs to the sirens of miserabilism . Instead , he prefers the fanciful fantasy of the children who , in their flight forward , can glean moments of happiness for themselves from the simple light of a blue sky .
A three-dimensional microcosm of the millions of families denied their share of the American dream by a corrupt system that tends to only reward the rich .
This is a story told with authenticity and power , helped along by its cast of newcomers .
The Florida Project , despite its ability to marvel at the natural wonders that offset poverty-stricken circumstances , does n't sugarcoat harsh realities .
For all that kitschy beauty , I would n't want to spend one more minute with Moonee , here or anywhere else .
One surprising thing about The Florida Project is how rife it is with hope , even as it 's weighed down by the hapless , unsustainable situation of its protagonists .
These people are n't living the American dream . They 're barely making do . But still , The Florida Project suggests that our most precious relationships are held together with some undefinable , beautiful glue .
It 's film that 'll make you wince at times , and you 'll most likely not want to see twice , but seeing it once is an experience you 'll not soon forget .
This movie puts the wild , comic tales of resourceful poor kids into a frame , pulling back just enough to make it clear that the situation Moonee 's in - while exciting - is untenable .
The Florida Project is not just a downer , although parts of it are harrowing . The young lead actors are funny and vivacious , speaking with unaffected charisma and honesty .
Alexis Zabe 's rapturous cinematography reminds us that magic is where you find it . You do n't need a golden ticket to Mickey 's kingdom , although you can see it from here .
Baker has made a surprisingly joyous film from this despairing situation ...
A fascinating look at lives lived on the fringe
As Bobby , the saintly , suffering bastard who keeps order , Dafoe is like a new man .
The sun-washed reality of The Florida Project , which concludes with a touch of poetry that might break you in two . It 's not a happy ending , but it is , like the rest of the film , pretty much perfect .
Dafoe delivers his finest performance in recent memory , bringing to levelheaded , unsanctimonious life a character who offers a glimmer of hope and caring within a world markedly short on both .
The Florida Project may seem to have more episodes than a narrative through line , but that seems also true to the occupants of the Magic Kingdom , who believe they 're simply in a transitional state while they 're actually stuck in idle .
Its humanist depiction of families on the fringe of society - an experience that is too often erased from the narrative we tell ourselves about the place where we live - makes it essential viewing .
Dafoe has never had a role this warm and sweet , and he plays it for low-keyed honesty . The kids and the adults , some non-professionals , all become part of a bright purple beehive .
Rarely in a movie will you want a character to succeed more than Moonee . Yet Baker does n't sugarcoat the odds , which , despite eventual moments of real magic , remain long indeed .
It may be impossible to overstate just how wonderful Willem Dafoe is in this film .
`` The Florida Project '' is - in nerve , guts , heart , and mind - one of the finest films of 2017 .
... perfectly set up and disappointingly executed story about down-on-their-luck folks who call a motel in Orlando home .
The Florida Project is perceptive to the charm and strength of character you can find in humble places .
Dafoe 's performance as Bobby is superb , a guardian angel for the 21st century .
Baker & Bergoch 's examination of the low class and welfare lifestyle in Florida is eye opening and at times hard to watch .
A tattered tale about kids growing up in an American economy barely afloat offshore Florida 's signature tourism mecca , making their own magic in the shadow of the Magic Kingdom .
These characters are the detritus left behind by a 21st-century America with increasingly less room for the poor and undereducated . The Florida Project never looks at them with pity , only understanding and sympathy .
The impression is a disturbing film of energy and compassion that left me with an inescapable sadness , from which director Baker offers no way out .
As it stands , there 's a greatness in it , but also stretches of emptiness . Still , this is an original piece of work , and no one who sees it will forget it .
The Florida Project represents a new low in class condescension ... -LSB- Director -RSB- Baker loves irresponsible , antisocial types , and his method is similarly undisciplined .
The Florida Project is tonally playful while in fact being a wondrously sad piece of art .
Nothing `` HAPPENS '' in `` The Florida Project '' but lots of stuff `` happens '' as we live with Moonee , her mom and her friends in a world that is both modern and retro at once .
There is no other film quite like it , this year or any other .
Willem Dafoe knows from tortured roles -LRB- Platoon , The Last Temptation of Christ -RRB- , but this creation -- a delicate blend of protector , fusspot and secret survivor -- is his richest , most lovable piece of work .
This is a deeply humanist filmmaker , and he 's sympathetic to these characters , flaws and all .
Few movies about children capture the very essence of youth , the precious intersection of innocence and wonder that so often co-exists along the margins of a darker reality .
The Florida Project is spattered with profound sadness , with moments of externalized , violent frustration at presumed helplessness , at practically being born into all this .
Baker has imbued this whole terrific movie with a child 's sense of discovery - the sort that can turn a decrepit , pastel corner of Orlando into a vibrant cinematic playground .
It is because Baker views the world without blinders that the moments of lyricism in The Florida Project are so piercing . When a rainbow shows up in the sky , it 's not just a rainbow ; it 's a benediction .
The film ends on a fantastical note that is jarring in its change in tone , yet provocative in what it has to say ... a humanistic work of art that lingers .
The Florida Project is eye-opening , unconventional , sweet , scary , odd and heartbreaking . It 's a fantastic movie , one I have n't stopped thinking about since I saw it .
... a triumphant exercise in cinematic empathy that also serves as a subversive societal challenge .
... a style of filmmaking that feels almost like an Errol Morris documentary -LRB- `` Vernon , Florida '' comes to mind -RRB- . It 's pretty magical .
The Florida Project is one of this year 's best films , a remarkable slice of life . If ever there were a sleeper deserving of wide recognition , this is it .
The Florida Project is by no stretch an easy watch , but it 's an incredibly rewarding one .
Dafoe 's sensitive performance anchors the movie 's slippery adult world , and Baker builds a cinematic mood beautifully ; the strip malls and swampland and buzzing cicadas on screen feel as real and tactile as the theater seat beneath you .
Though Moonee 's story may not have a Hollywood happy ending when she 's grown and the world has been cruel , Baker has created an indomitable character who 's at least got a fighting chance .
It is impossible not to fall a little bit in love with The Florida Project .
The Florida Project achieves something rare and magical : presenting existence from the perspective of a young child while , at the same time , providing enough `` clues '' that viewers are able to decipher what 's really going on .
All childhoods must come to an end , few of them as piercingly as the one in `` The Florida Project , '' Sean Baker 's raw , exuberant and utterly captivating new movie .
As in previous films , Mr. Baker mixes amateur and professional actors to exceptional effect .
Director Sean Baker crafts one of the best and toughest films about childhood ever and gives a never-better Willem Dafoe a clear shot at an Oscar .
To balance joy and desperation as gracefully as Mr. Baker does - to interweave giddiness and heartbreak - is no easy feat .
Written and directed with rich texture by Sean Baker , The Florida Project , which just debuted at the New York Film Festival ahead of its release this week in theaters , is the latest in a vivid , intensely naturalistic new subgenre of white-trash cinema .
The pleasure of The Florida Project is that we lose ourselves in Moonee 's Eden : its aesthetics ; its logic .
The Florida Project is both radiant and unsentimental .
... Dafoe 's warm and generous performance is simply astonishing .
This is a film of rare joy , even in its more unsparing moments , and the kind of film that should be seen by anybody who loves movies .
Sean Baker 's beautiful heartbreaker scratches just below the cheery lilac and bubblegum pink to expose the layers of privation festering in this sunshiny state .
Shots are held just long enough for us to ponder all the details ; strong closeups bring the characters ' emotions uncomfortably near .
Sean Baker 's latest is a melancholy slice of wonder , viewed through our pint sized protagonist 's eyes .
The Florida Project lights us onto an authentic perspective , never shying away from the grime and sorrow of its world , but never making it the film 's unyielding focal point , either .
Baker 's neo-realistic eye for humour , honesty and heartbreak has crafted a slow burn , potent commentary on America 's struggling underclass .
While Baker 's previous movie , Tangerine , is a milestone in LGBTQ filmmaking , The Florida Project does n't ring as true to life .
Sean Baker 's rollicking movie about kids running loose in a rundown Florida hotel starts as colorful entertainment and ends up as a portrait of how people fall through the cracks in modern America .
`` The Florida Project 's '' great find is Bria Vinaite , who seems to run the line between Taryn Manning 's work in `` Hustle & Flow '' and Elisabeth Shue 's hooker with a heart of gold in `` Leaving Las Vegas . ''
Harrowing and magical ... one of the best pictures of 2017
When it hits , like a sudden thunderstorm after heat wave , the impact is astounding .
As Moonee , Brooklynn Prince is a revelation . There 's not a single artificial note in her performance , just raw charm .
The story seems to be armed only with trivial vignettes , although I must confess that the protagonist 's charisma ends up winning over the audience . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Underneath the vibrancy of Moonee 's spirit , Baker delivers a heavy-handed statement about the fraudulent hopes offered by Disney magic , and the way so many American dreams have been shattered .
You come away better for having known this crew , a demographic that 's sorely underrepresented on the screen .
The Florida Project is one of this year 's most warm , vibrant films .
Sean Baker spends much of the film investing the minutia of the down-and-out lives within this little ecosystem with a bittersweet energy and significance .
A film of small notes that combine to form something major , the kind of movie that sneaks up on you and sticks with you
A magnificent look at the freewheeling wonder of childhood .
A wonderful piece of filmmaking .
Vividly shot in 35 mm , The Florida Project continues Baker 's insightful chronicling of society 's underbelly .
-LSB- Sean -RSB- Baker mostly crafts a tiny adventure of absorbing wonder .
Sean Baker once again pulls us into a world we never thought we could fall in love with .
Bring Advil . You 'll need it .
The Florida Project wo n't let us look away . Nor , given its brilliance , would we want to . Instead , we laugh , we watch silently , and we 're challenged to stop simplifying people 's lives so we can offer easy theoretical answers .
Frenzied , colourful and heart-breaking , Sean Baker 's The Florida Project is a remarkable feat of filmmaking .
In an era with remarkable child actors in films such as ` Room ' and ` Moonlight ' , Baker 's ability to siphon such authentic performances is truly a marvel .
Steeped in glorious colour under the warm glow of a Florida sun , Sean Baker 's The Florida Project is as indelible and warm as it looks .
Indeed , this struggle can feel like real life at times so it 's a shame that no apparent effort has been made by the director to give the viewer cause to empathize .
Beautiful , vibrant , heartfelt and hilarious .
Sean Baker 's follow-up to TANGERINE is a triumph on many levels .
The Florida Project is very much its own pink plastic beast . It is one of the great films about childhood .
A film with its own universe and fascinating , and a complaint - without underlining . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Baker establish an antithetical parallelism between the concept of happiness of the first world children and the one of the misfits . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The Florida Project is a work in a state of grace . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Baker offers little hope , and the only certainty is that childhood , and innocence , always have an expiration date . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The Florida Project completely turns the American dream and shows us the devastated backyard of Donald Trump 's tacky America . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The off-kilter , unusual , matter-of-fact observations from a very young child bring a fresh perspective , realism and humour to well-worn territory that too often drowns in pity , sentiment or demonisation .
A truthful and sublimely bittersweet slice of life , tracing celebratory highs and lamentable lows on the outer economic edges of the Sunshine State .
A remarkable study of poverty , family and personal responsibility , The Florida Project meticulously illustrates how life on the margins affects one impressionable six-year-old .
As a filmmaker , Baker is a graceful neorealist voyeur who thrives on improvisation , and his storytelling , in The Florida Project , is mostly just a series of anecdotes . But that turns out to be enough .
Things look grim for Halley and Moonee , but we can expect a lot from the people who brought their marvelous story to light .
The Florida Project further cements Baker 's status as one of the most innovative American directors working today , but he 's also an essential advocate for the stories this country often does n't get to see .
The deceptive intelligence of The Florida Project is how immersive this bouncy-castle reality is while sitting exactly on top of the drawn-out , unremarked tragedy that is life on the margins of respectable , solvent society .
A fabulous mosaic of one particular pocket of America 's invisible homeless population - families living hand-to-mouth in motels originally designed to catch the tourist overspill from the flashy theme-park resorts across town .
-LSB- A -RSB- brilliant , buoyant , and ultimately heart-wrenching film .

@highlight

The Florida Project offers a colorfully empathetic look at an underrepresented part of the population that proves absorbing even as it raises sobering questions about modern America .