No fuss , no muss , all ridiculous brilliance by removing the distractions of convoluted plots and allowing you to focus instead on one problem and limitless solutions because there can be miracles when you believe and have nitrous oxide .
The action scenes , which are very good , are the important pillar of the franchise . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The laws of physics no longer apply , you just have to go for the ride . The crazier and sillier this -LSB- franchise -RSB- gets , the more I love it .
F8 wo n't win any awards , but it 's loud and distracting and Christ knows we could use that now .
Confirming that the franchise has reached a status comparable to that of the James Bond saga ...
On an emotional level , this movie does surprisingly deliver ... Fate of the Furious is the rarity in which the eighth installment of a franchise is still entertaining .
Is n't that the point of these movies ? Fast ... and furious ? More like boring and irritating .
A lack of a compelling villain hurts the effectiveness of this entry in the series , making this reviewer furious about the fact that he 'll have to endure the fate of seeing the two remaining proposed sequels .
The addiction to speed is strong ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Roadrunner cartoons have more commitment to plot , and surer adherence to the inviolable laws of time and space .
The Fate of the Furious lives up to the hype , even if it is n't a great movie -LRB- did you really expect it to be ? -RRB- .
Outside of torpedoes and heat-seeking missiles tearing up the icy ground , one character is tasked with obtaining a very precious package . It 's freaking awesome , and that 's all I 'm saying
There 's much to enjoy when cars are flying around the screen , even if logic takes flight with them .
Fast & Furious 8 is pure madcap mayhem .
For all its odd notes , The Fate of the Furious basically chugs along as reliably as my beloved old Toyota Starlet , with enough familiar talent and ludicrous action to get you from A to B .
A satisfying entry that benefits greatly from the interplay between its characters .
Fast & Furious 8 is a ridiculous film that defies the laws of physics and simple common sense on numerous occasions . However , I do n't suppose that matters . Because it 's also a ridiculous and spectacular amount of fun .
Sure , it 's fun when The Rock punches a torpedo . But not even that can save F8 of the Furious from itself .
While this is n't the best in the series , it should have enough gas to rake in the money and keep this vehicle going .
The result : a film that concentrates on the action , which includes several spectacular scenes filmed in downtown Cleveland , and the easy interplay between the characters .
Take away Paul Walker , it turns out , and you take away family .
It 's a loud , carefree blockbuster which knows exactly what its audience wants .
Once a bona fide movie , the real fate of the series is to have become a highly calculated mix of muscle , mayhem , faux menace and canned sentiment .
Artistically , there are better franchises - and certainly , there are better movies . Rarely , however , is a movie this big such unabashedly dumb fun .
Like a good car the series needs all of its parts to work . And also like a car , if you keep adding more parts , it only works better . -LRB- I know nothing about cars . -RRB-
Fast and Furious 8 knows exactly what it is and what it has to offer . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
While The Fate of the Furious never quite reaches the heights of the last few installments , it still goes by at a breezy pace , and on the way delivers everything we 've come to expect and love from this franchise .
Fate of the Furious is the worst film in the Fast and Furious series since the abysmal , forgettable 2 Fast 2 Furious .
There 's not a great deal of tension in the film despite its heavy nature . Those who have seen the earlier films will be familiar with the same themes being drummed home .
The steroidal bonhomie is less anabolic than exhausted and even the signature reckless-driving lunacy seems more labored than inspired .
... if the worst thing to say about the eighth movie in a 16-year franchise is that it 's trying too hard , no problem .
An obvious improvement over the nigh unwatchable seventh installment ...
As always the banter between Roman -LRB- Gibson -RRB- and Tej Parker -LRB- Ludacris -RRB- provides the funny , Hobbs gets an excuse to painfully body-slam several people to the floor , and Letty comes up with a clever bit of mechanical know-how to save the day .
A very fun adventure . The formula that has worked so far is still here , but it does n't scale beyond . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
... the series is vaulting from glorified drag-race soap opera into the kind of supercharged summer action franchise whose elastic take on the laws of physics and eager one-upmanship are indistinguishable from those of the DC or Marvel comic-book universe .
A perfect balance of action and story , F8 seems designed to push back against all the bad things said about sequels , franchises and Hollywood 's `` cookie cutter '' mindset . In a way , the film 's message is `` if you 're going to do it , do it like this . ''
Still , this series gets its power and popularity from its salud , mi familia shtick , which as far as I can make out is perfectly genuine .
The film arrives with the brand new body , but its plot fuel is not as effective as in previous deliveries . The fans will support it , but it becomes repetitive . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The franchise shows that it continues to maintain a good rhythm and chemistry . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
My favorite scene ? Deckard and his Mom . This could be a film by itself .
You 'll laugh and even sometimes roll your eyes and the ridiculousness on screen , but that is exactly what we want with Fast and Furious , and in that , The Fate of the Furious delivers .
Turbo charged and thoroughly mechanical , The Fate of the Furious is an empty-headed , essentially soulless popcorn film with modest aspirations in every regard but box office .
Vin is king .
The Fate of the Furious tops its predecessors not in its action scenes , but by applying that familiar , reality-confounding aesthetic to its characters . The result tests the patience like nothing short of a Diesel crying scene .
It 's all more ridiculous and implausible than ever . But it 's so entertaining that I have n't stopped smiling yet . -LRB- Splice Today -RRB-
Ridiculous is fine . Ridiculous while trying to be deep and dramatic just does n't cut it with Vin Diesel at the forefront ... and its way too long .
Autos cascade like a waterfall from the top of a parking garage ; sometimes their on-board computers are cyber-jacked so that they besiege midtown Manhattan in an attack wave of shiny expensive plastic and chrome .
The sheer excess of this series that keeps pushing on the accelerator is , undeniably , kind of fun , and fans wo n't be disappointed . But it 's a tiring kind of fun .
-LRB- Maybe -RRB- the dumbest one yet .
Fast and Furious 8 is ridiculously large and largely ridiculous and it sure as hell knows it and it 's to this series ' credit that it continues to successfully exceed the boundaries of its own preposterous enjoyment .
The nonstop action is so blatantly implausible that there 's not a second 's worth of genuine excitement in the whole two hours and 16 minutes .
The Fate of the Furious is the reason moving pictures exist . Not the only reason , just the main one : the glory of dynamic motion which involves the pulse and the heart .
F. Gary Gray , of `` Friday , '' `` The Italian Job '' and `` Straight Outta Compton , '' takes the wheel , and he manages to hang on . He does n't improve on anything , but he does n't stall out , either .
The Fate of the Furious has plenty of callbacks to previous movies for die-hard fans to enjoy , and it 's the franchise 's most entertaining installment since at least Fast Five .
There 's nothing new about it but there 's enough to make an efficient and entertaining film that does n't disappoint at all . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
There 's no doubt that The Fate Of The Furious does n't have the necessary power to augur a good future for the series . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The silly spectacle of The Fate of the Furious -- with cars speeding about and Diesel and Johnson seemingly working on two different movies -- makes it fairly irresistible . As with any multiple-car pile-up , one steers into the skid and hopes for the best .
Transcendently stupid , flat-out nuts and pretty damned irresistible , The Fate of the Furious is the eighth in the series of vroom-vroomers that started off as modest B-movie drag-race stuff ideal for triple-bills at old time drive-in theaters .
Basically the action movie equivalent of your dad catching you smoking a cigarette and then making you finish the pack .
For a movie that pretends to be an elaborate thriller , it 's ridiculously simple , and just does n't even seem to be trying anymore .
Big , , loud , fast , dumb fun -- without any brakes .
Human scale and recognizable emotions are a poor match for the ever-escalating spectacles of a franchise veering cosmically-deranged one mile at a time .
If you hate what the Fast movies represent , this wo n't win you over -LRB- try # 5 or # 7 for that -RRB- . If you love the Fast movies , this wo n't disappoint .
A stupendous mash of soap opera dramatics and gloriously over the top action .
The speed , action and family nucleus that have worked as the engine of this franchise are still intact eight movies later . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Despite the major departure from its origins , The Fate of the Furious still delivers in spades when it comes to entertainment .
The chemistry among the cast reaches its most fluid and entertaining yet and there 's the same sense of fun and unapologetic , but aesthetically pleasing , action hyperbole at every sharp , screeching turn .
Colossally stupid cartoon car chase picture , even by this series ' standards .
Cold killers and warm sentimentality is an odd mix , but it is a winning formula in this franchise , and it pays off again in this episode . While it is not quite as good as the previous two films in this series , it is still solidly entertaining .
So why is The Fate of the Furious an amusing step up on recent editions ? Its ludicrousness has an amiability this time around that 's more enjoyable than the mawkishness that dogged 2015 's Fast & Furious 7 .
A film of unusual inventions and climatic attractions without too much surprise . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A very funny and fulfilling sequel , that is approaching in terms of features to the science fiction cinema in its superheroic side . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The action set pieces are several miles over the top ... But what makes these sequences work is the bickering banter between Johnson , Statham , Chris Bridges , Tyrese Gibson and the rest of the mismatched cast .
Absurd ? You betcha , but boy do director F Gary Gray and his cameramen handle the whole thing well .
For most of its running time this is a desperate search for a new spark plug .
It 's Statham who swaggers away with the movie , thanks to an audacious fight sequence accessorised with a gurgling baby in a travel seat and a cameo from British grand dame Helen Mirren as his tea-swilling mum .
Slick but shallow , revved up with spectacular , globe-spanning vehicular destruction .
Bald men arguing over a bomb .
The Fate of the Furious wallows in inanities with about the same frequency as it delivers excitement , and , like the other two films that followed the series-best Fast Five , it largely succeeds as a breezy and engaging lark .
It 's 3/4 chases , crashes , shoot-outs and explosions , 1/8 bro-mance , and 1/8 quippy humor with a dash of fan service . That leaves no room for plot or logic , but who cares ?
How does anyone watch `` Fury Road '' and then not let Charlize Theron drive ?
A howler of a mess . `` Scowling face '' has n't masqueraded touchy-feely homoerotic subtext since FAST AND THE FURIOUS 2 .
A bloated and dull film kept alive by a thread of fight scenes , an effortlessly charming Russell , and the mild entertainment of counting how many times someone says `` family . ''
Slick with plenty of eye candy and sporadically thrilling action scenes , but it 's yet another mindless , shallow , loud , slightly tedious and overlong B-movie masquerading as an A-movie .
Its most impressive feat may be how , for all of its mayhem , The Fate of the Furious still manages to finish with a positive message about family . That 's one rule these movies never seem willing to break .
... a surprise , more James Bondish than car crash-centric -LRB- although there are car crashes and chases aplenty -RRB- . Lovingly photographed , Charlize Theron has never appeared more beautiful , malevolent though she may be .
A step back from the three previous films because they have not managed Brian O'Conner 's absence . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Another fun , over-the-top entry for the solid franchise . Actually enjoyed this one more than the previous two . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Typically loud , long -LRB- two hours plus change -RRB- and abrasive , F&F 8 is a lot of , fun despite all its limitations .
This episode is marginally more grounded than the high-flying previous installment , but it 's still utterly preposterous . It 's also a huge amount of fun , thanks to the snappy cast and far larger than life driving stunts .
The eighth and latest chapter of the Fast saga hits 120mph on two flat tires ... Do n't even get me started on the lack of Corona .
While it 's not hitting on all cylinders the way the past three megahit films have , it 's hardly going to disappoint most of the fans who love these all-you-can-enjoy buffets of macho men , muscle cars and mad action .
Gravity , logic , physics , the deaths of major characters , their ready resurrection , nothing can stop the middling geniality of the `` family '' of characters led by Dom Toretto in `` Mission : Implausible '' - style adventures around the planet .
The levels of ludicrousness to which the Fast and Furious movies strive are what make them so freaking fun .
While I 'd honestly love to see a spin-off adventure featuring Johnson and Statham and no one else , I just as genuinely am not so certain I 'm up for two more of these films .
In the effort to top what has gone before , the film ignores the quieter elements that have always been just as important to the series as whole .
No one thinks these are good movies . The question becomes , `` Did this film numb your senses enough to forget the troubles of your life for 2 hours and 19 minutes ? '' Sort of !
With ` The Fast and Furious ' franchise now in James Bond-like territory by way of a ` who woulda thunk ' eighth installment , ` The Fate of the Furious ' loses most if its muscle just about any time anyone opens his mouth .
For me , The Fate of the Furious is the best one yet .
High-speed chases fuel another frenetic entry in this indestructible series .
Just when the Fast-and-the-Furious-on-Ice finale threatens to drag on past the point of action-setpiece endurance , director F. Gary Gray has the grace to send a supercar from heaven as an actual answer to prayer .
The Fate of the Furious offers everything you might want from the series , but those offerings are beginning to look ever so slightly stale .
This series jumped the shark a long time ago . The Fate of the Furious jumps several sharks .
Oh what a cheery , trashy car crash of a movie we have in Fast & Furious 8 , which does , once again , exactly what it says in the instruction manual in the glove compartment .
Vin Diesel is just fireproof , is n't he ?
Fast 8 is pretty much what you 'd come to expect from the Fast And Furious franchise , taken to a whole new level . It 's bolder , flashier and funnier than any of its predecessors , although not always in the best ways .
To Morgan 's credit , he can write a lot of snappy banter among Deckard and Hobbs and Roman and Tej . Listening to these guys taunt each other is a good way to get through the gaps between chases and crashes .
Shows there is not only plenty of gas left in the tank , but the nitrous oxide turbo boosters are also blasting at full throttle .
The franchise has simply run out of gas -LRB- and original ideas -RRB- and The Fate of the Furious is one of the weakest offerings of the series .
Uncle ... uncle !!! This franchise has that effect on film critics ...
Other characters return not only from the past but also from the dead , as is the custom in this series . This thing is like a daytime soap opera with car chases .
The enjoyably ridiculous antics of F8 : The Fate of the Furious ca n't fix a fissured film that sags under the weight of its divided narrative .
The series tries to have its cake and eat it too .
The only time I truly felt engaged by The Fate of the Furious was when Jason Statham was onscreen , especially when he and Dwayne Johnson squared off .
While The Fate of the Furious is an unquestionably enjoyable outing , it 's beginning to feel a lot like fatigue on a long-enduring franchise .
In the words of Kurt Russell 's FBI maverick , Mr Nobody : `` Rule number one . Know your audience . '' The powers-that-be certainly know us .
There 's enough action-based mayhem to keep viewers engaged and entertained . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Profanity , Revealing attire , etc. - also Available -RRB-
It 's about moments like the opening sequence where Dom is racing a car backwards and while on fire -LRB- and , umm , plenty of women in bikinis are watching -RRB- .
One wishes `` The Fate of the Furious '' could have kept the well wishes and momentum going , but instead it has sunk back into mediocrity .
Not only assures viewers there 's plenty more levels of ludicrously entertaining levels to go , but asserts itself as a contender for best in the series .
... take -LSB- s -RSB- place in a fictional world where the laws of biology and physics do n't apply , but the tenets of friendship and family do .
You know what you 're getting before you go , and you get it .
Fun if you 're a fan but all that 's changed since the 2001 original is a few characters , more humor , bigger stunts , the death of Paul Walker and a longer run time .
Stupid is not as easy as it looks . And just because the audience for stupid is reliable and vast , that does n't mean we ca n't tell good stupid from bad .
A midsection sequence where Cipher taps into computers in vehicles and creates an army of CGI zombie cars might be the death of the franchise . When the cars are zombies , what part of The Fate Of The Furious truly feels alive ?
When the action falters , like it does in the final sequence along a frozen water body in Russia , the camaraderie between the characters and goofy one-liners sustain the narrative .
If you 're not interested in seeing a fleet of cars get chased across a frozen lake by a Russian submarine , that 's between you and your maker . As long as you are , -LSB- Fate -RSB- is a wildly entertaining thrill ride that never lets its foot off the gas .
Fate Of The Furious delivers all the knockout stunts the fans expect even if the series is drifting into over-the-top James Bond style plots .
What will keep -LSB- fans -RSB- happy during Fate 's two hours , are the spectacular run of car chases and pileups .
If the fate of the Furious series is to grow somehow both wearier and dumber with age , then the eighth film is proof of a mission firmly accomplished . And there 's no shame , Vin , in hanging it all up after a job well done .
By carrying such little significance to the movie - no one watches a Fast and Furious film for its literate script - the plot can stand to be as illogical as it is under-developed .
It 's still a whirling good time . But maybe the next film should pare things back , return to those simpler pleasures : cars and Coronas , the baking California heat , a simple backyard cookout .
The series might be adhering to an established formula too strictly at this stage , but as long as it remains this riotously enjoyable I 'm not going to say no to another .
The Fate of the Furious has basically everything you could want from this franchise and a bit more , stepping up the story-telling and giving a beautifully subtle nod to the late Paul Walker .
Probably the best and most complete thrill-ride since Mad Max : Fury Road .
It has a surprisingly intoxicating sense of fun .
How everyone keeps a straight face is the biggest mystery of them all .
`` The Fate of the Furious '' begins and ends with adrenaline-spiking scenes - a drag race through Havana , an airplane brawl - that remind you why this gear-head franchise is still purring along . As for the two hours in between . . . not so much .
Certainly there 's no need to spend so much time with Theron 's character as she yells at her subordinates to `` do something ! '' or whispers throatily to Dom that he has no choice but to follow her orders or else .
On paper , it looks like an incoherent mess . In execution , it 's an exhilarating way to spend two and a quarter hours .
Rather than a marked comedown then , this is more a continuation of the series ' gentle skid towards more traditional action fare .
-LSB- It -RSB- will earn zillions of dollars during the first nanoseconds of its global opening this weekend , so who am I to call it soulless , graceless , witless , incoherent -- even for the franchise -- and , not incidentally , brain-numbingly long at 136 minutes ?
It feels like the movies have gotten as big as they can get , and the gleeful absurdity that drove them is losing ground to the specter of obligation .
Fate of the Furious is cinematic fast food but for action-oriented teens , gearheads , or those who are simply fans of the franchise , it 's worth taking a spin .
One of these decades , Dom and company will be saving the world in turbo-powered wheelchairs .
The new F&F movie -- the eighth -- is called The Fate of the Furious and it 's hilarious , boisterous , spectacular entertainment , American style . It 's full of the automotive mayhem , flying bullets and bodies you expect and some jolliness you do n't .
If anyone here is having more fun than either Theron or Statham , it 's their Italian Job director , F. Gary Gray .
I get that these movies are not primarily targeted at English-speaking audiences , but they 've got a writer -LRB- Chris Morgan , who 's done a half-dozen of these -RRB- on payroll . He could try writing a little . It would pass the time .
It hardly matters anymore that nothing of actual substance can be found under the hood of `` The Fate of the Furious . '' Despite themes of brotherhood and redemption , this souped-up vehicle is built for speed , not comfort .
The villain is weak , the big plot twist speaks to the series ' exhaustion of original ideas , and all the crashing and vrooming is just getting bigger , not better .
The Fate Of The Furious -- a.k.a. . The Fast & The Furious 8 -- is faster and furiouser than ever . Accelerating speed and furiousness is pretty much a given when you 've had eight tries at this .
The often silly , always outrageous , comfortably formulaic films about fast cars and chosen family have a charm that manages to permeate the crusty exterior of even the most curmudgeonly of critics .
This is n't the worst of these movies , but it might be the most generic of the bunch .
As entertainingly absurd as ever , this eighth film in the franchise exists to satisfy the fans and frequently does so with aplomb without ever really mixing up the formula .
It 's unlikely that devotees will consider The Fate of the Furious one of the stronger entries in the series . Still , the filmmakers and actors are clearly dedicated to making a quality product , avoiding the complacency that often plagues action sequels .
This is less a Fast movie than A Summer Action Picture , and nobody looks like they 're having much fun .
After more than two hours of logic-defying sights and sounds and two-dimensional characters , I was happy to see the movie come to an end . I fear the series will just keep going and going . No one cares what any critic has to say about a movie like this
While there are a few fantastic moments to relish in Fate of the Furious , it seems Gray does n't really get what got people so excited about this franchise .
What was once an enjoyably absurd , Avengers-like team-up of charismatic characters from disparate entries in the Furious-verse has now settled into generic , yet unnecessarily convoluted , action/adventure missions
-LSB- Gray -RSB- has the common sense to slow things down now and then , letting the charismatic players -LRB- among them Vin Diesel , Michelle Rodriguez , Dwayne Johnson , and Kurt Russell -RRB- carry the show instead of bombarding viewers with action .
The action sequences are not among the series ' best -- Fast Five remains the gold standard across the board -- but there are a few gems .
The Fate of the Furious is more of a plateau , albeit a reasonably high one .
Still , the positives are incredibly positive and this franchise remains one of the most dumb-fun things you can hope to watch .
A mediocre mash-up of James Bond and Mission Impossible tropes with street car racing , a very talented cast and great location visuals .
It 's all about how furious the action scenes can be , and those are supercharged .
it 's starting to feel like everyone and everything is going through the motions .
Holy motors ! Excuse me while I catch my breath . This is perhaps the fastest and , if not , certainly the most furious of the Fast & Furious movies .
Director F. Gary Gray is a high-end journeyman , and clearly any exposition is merely grist to the mill before the chases and explosions and crazy s -- can resume . And there is an awful lot of that .
The orgies of destruction that punctuate the film are effective , but as usual they 're overwhelmed by the tiresome details of the characters ' personal dramas -- dramas that can be overwritten or ignored in the next sequel , so why bother ?
It runs a little long , but the Fast faithful wo n't care . I , on the other hand , had more fun a couple of laps back with this series , but I 'm sure it wo n't run out of gas here .
I predict they 'll be eventually leaving skid marks on the moon , as long as their varooms are answered by box-office ka-chings .
At this point , shuffling alliances and adding a few big-name actors ... is about all that can be done to distinguish one outing from the next , which does n't prevent the movie from feeling mechanical , and -- at well over two hours -- a little bloated .
`` Fate '' gives fans of the franchise exactly what they want , provided they can ditch logic as easily as the movie does .
Sneer all you want at the so-called low culture of F&F , but never underestimate the pure pleasure of watching grownups play smash 'em up with life-sized Hot Wheels .
`` The Fate of the Furious '' offers plenty of bang for your buck . Nothing but bang , as a matter of fact .
Diesel and Johnson are at their testosterone-charged best . Theron , who seems to be auditioning to become the next Bond villain , is ruthlessness personified .
The Fate of the Furious is a solid addition to the franchise , but falls short of the bar set by recent Fast & Furious installments .
Lucky for Universal , for whom this series has been the proverbial golden goose , THE FATE OF THE FURIOUS proves star Vin Diesel and the rest of his crew still have enough NOS in their engines to keep the franchise going for at least a few more films .
Attempts to comb a little Just for Men through the graying temples of the saga by going even bigger and bolder with its car stunts and displays of brawn than ever before .
Just another comic-book-level explosion of muscle-car mayhem , macho posturing , ludicrous stunts and juvenile banter . But it 's been efficiently manufactured , even if it has an assembly-line feel .
While The Fate of the Furious may be far from the series ' best , it 's yet another entertaining installment that delivers everything you could want in a Fast and Furious movie .
When Cipher -LRB- Charlize Theron -RRB- commands ` let it rain , ' you 're in for perhaps this franchise 's most inventive mayhem .
`` The Fate of the Furious '' is a comedown from the gas-fume highs of the last three films , easily the best in the series . While it 's far too soon to say that the franchise is running on empty , it looks like someone has been putting water in the fuel tank .
Heaping helpings of heavy metal thunder , brawny brawls and ridiculously over-the-top vehicular mayhem , all wrapped around themes of brotherhood , loyalty and `` family . ''
You judge a Fast and the Furious movie on whether it delivers the action goods . It has to gasp and wheeze its way to get there , but , yeah , this one delivers the goods .
Another spectacular entry in a dependably entertaining franchise .
Even amid the nonsense , the movie capably sells its all-about-family theme , narratively and otherwise .
The series seems to have at last entered its frustrating , decadent , spinning-its-wheels phase .
The continuity is hopelessly convoluted , to the point that making sense of the character relationships and the team 's past missions requires a Ph.D. in Fastandfuriousology .
A bit of a letdown in comparison to previous Fast & Furious entries , but it 's still fun and entertaining .
A reliable but never remarkable addition to the fold .
The action satisfies , even if the lines veer past campy into full-on cheese territory and the story is hazier than the smoke from a broken tailpipe .
The series becomes more cosy with each instalment . We know that disputes within the team will be resolved in time for a final communal celebration , all but negating the original premise of thrillseekers leading reckless lives in proximity to death .
It 's an odd sensation to watch a Fast & Furious film and find yourself wishing the special effects lived up to the writing , but - well , here we are .
It 'll make its billion . That 's what it was designed to do .
Zoom , crash , repeat with squealing , burning and flaming tires - it 's all predictably absurd and self-mocking , and often a giggle when not a total yawn .
The movie is the third cheeseburger , the fourth beer , the fifth ice-cream sandwich . It 's gluttony , which is kind of enjoyable when you 're in the middle of committing it but leaves you feeling sluggish and remorseful later ...
Mention must made of the new peaks of craziness scaled by the new film 's finale . Let the record show a nuclear submarine somehow joining a high-speed chase across the Siberian tundra is going to be very hard to top in future instalments .
The film is every bit as silly and enjoyable as its predecessors .
At 136 minutes , The Fate of the Furious suffers from a `` more is more '' approach that effectively dilutes the power of the movie had it been trimmed down to fighting weight by minimizing its slow-motion shots .
Everything blows up , nothing is at stake and Dom 's team looks like the Power Rangers , except more cartoon-like .
New-to-franchise director F. Gary Gray mostly maintains a look we 've come to expect : the car chases are kinetic and exciting , while the out-of-vehicle action sequences are chopped and edited to hell
It 's surprising how much this franchise improved after it decided to embrace its own stupidity . -LSB- Full review in Portuguese . -RSB-
The Fate Of The Furious is never as charming , high-octane or finely-tuned as the franchise 's best efforts , as it slips and slides while trying to regain the traction it once had .
EMPs and nukular codes and cyber crap and submarines , oh my ! ` What does this have to do with us ? ' Michelle Rodriguez cries , and I 'm like I know , right ?
Even as Fate has its fun and chases its highs -LRB- a few of which are pretty satisfying -RRB- , it 's hard to shake the growing sensation that the bloom might be coming off the rose .
The eighth in the long-running series , The Fate of the Furious recycles earlier Fast and Furious plots and throws in bits and pieces from rival movies as well .
The Fate of the Furious proves the franchise still has a bit more gas in its engine . It 's not the perfect vehicle , but it has all of the right parts .
Nothing makes sense here . Nothing .
As I drove home in a car that seemed sadly non-badass , I wondered how long this unlikely yet irresistible franchise might last . Probably as long as it wants to .
It 's completely stupid . It 's completely awesome .
The Fate of the Furious did everything I want in a Fast and the Furious movie . At this point in the series , it 's got some stiff competition from Furious 6 and Furious Seven .
The fate of the Furious franchise is to follow the money , and there is apparently no reason to stop now .
For something that is so flagrantly silly , F8 is awfully prone to lapses of self-seriousness and speechifying , with its own small zoo of animal-metaphor-based monologues .
The action has become incoherent , largely past the point of enjoyability .
In terms of sass and set-pieces , F8 offers more than either the last Bourne or Bond but does n't quite catch-up to the hacker-rescuing , building-jumping and LA-levelling magic of its own magnificent seven .
Dom , the Fast and Furious franchise is a beautiful high-performance vehicle in need of a few adjustments . Drive it back to the garage , strip it down to the essentials , and it will purr for years to come .
Is it so much to ask for dialogue that does n't make you roll your eyes throughout `` F8 '' ? Or , you know , a story that adds up ?
The Fate of the Furious distinctly drops the level of quality in this series for the first time this decade .
The strangest , darkest , most outlandishly bizarre entry in the series .
This is not a very good movie . In fact , it is a bad movie -- a very expensive , very highly produced and very predictable cinematic skid mark .
It 's an auto fetishist saga that 's officially spinning its wheels .
Buckle up knowing that this once-gritty franchise has officially reached the point of no return .
Your mileage may vary when it comes to the over-the-top carnage and in-your-face machismo , but it 's impressive just how bonkers Fate is , like a litter of kittens hopped up on grade-A catnip .
The cast are slickly affable - topliners Dwayne Johnson and Jason Statham paired off like bantering captive Giant Pandas - the better to fill the time cheaply between set pieces .
The film finally tips the franchise over from modestly thoughtful stupidity into tedious , loud inanity .
Not as fast or fine as Furious 7 , but still party time for action junkies and auto-erotics . The Rock and Statham steal the show from Diesel , which is a good thing .
The genius of these movies is that they have allowed the audience to feel as much a part of Dominic Toretto 's family as any of the characters he 's surrounded by .
Large-scale nonsense executed strongly and with glee has its pleasures ... the last few films have had their fun moments . This one has a few , too .
It may only be April , but here it is , the year 's first , bona fide summer blockbuster !
What once was billed as fast and furious has become increasingly loud and senseless .
Still plenty of fuel left in the tank .
As soulful as your computer monitor 's announcing `` Blue screen of death . ''
Vin Diesel does great , affecting work in The Fate of the Furious . Yes , that 's a ridiculous sentence to write .
the most consistently entertaining action franchise of the 21st century
Converts New York traffic into the demolition derby equivalent of World War Z. . .
A very big , exceedingly dumb thrill ride . Live your life a movie at a time ; for 136 minutes , you 'll be free .
Like Fast 7 , the film is effortlessly snatched away by two squabbling action stars who know how to raise a smile : Johnson and Statham .
There 's no ` back to basics ' here , it just gets even more insane . They have n't quite gone to the moon yet , but it 's getting there .
The Fate of the Furious is an engrossing , lightning-paced fairground ride .
The moves are telegraphed way in advance , like idiots playing chess , but you always get your money from the play set
Things race along at such a ferocious lick you scarcely have time to question the moments of incongruity -LRB- chiefly , how can so many supercars be also somehow explosion-retardant -RRB- .
Gray 's prosaic style robs Fate of the Furious of any real sense of self-awareness or humor , which could never be said about Lin or Wan 's installments .
While this outing is often an enjoyable , pulse-quickening spectacle that should be seen on the biggest screen you can find , the franchise 's peak -- fifth film Fast Five -- just wo n't be bettered .
If you 've spent the last sixteen years investing in the family and their ragtag tapestry , you might find yourself a little disappointed .
A movie to which the brake pedal is but a rumour . If you ca n't abide the Fast franchise , you 'll be furious , but fans will have a nitrous oxide blast .
A soap opera that just happens to cost millions of dollars and feature souped-up sports cars jumping over submarines .
The Fate Of The Furious does n't reach the heights of previous installments , but it is still an exhilarating joy ride , and proof that the franchise continues to be the most thrilling and astounding in cinema .
This eighth instalment of The Fast And The Furious franchise , directed by F Gary Gray , is reliable , containing plenty of deafening car pile-ups to keep the core audience satisfied while also stirring witty new flourishes into the old recipe .
Thankfully , it 's frequently also much funnier and lighter on its feet than previous outings , and a lot of that credit goes to Statham and Johnson , whose love-hate bromance feels like the real core of the movie .
Fate delivers exactly what fans have come to expect , for better and for worse , and it would be a shock to see it disappoint producers at the box office .
A dazzling action spectacle that proves this franchise is far from out of gas .
It 's still very entertaining , and in the end you 'll get your money 's worth , but this film ultimately illustrates just how delicately balanced these hot rod explosion lovefests actually are .
There 's an obligation of sorts for every passing movie to outdo the preceding feature . Though this could backfire tremendously , it 's something the filmmakers have pulled off yet again .
The Fate of the Furious provides plenty of the high-octane escapism and ridiculously elaborate vehicular mayhem fans of the series expect .
The plot twists suggest the kind of games that 11-year-old boys put together on the playground during recess , with women in peril and so many different parts for everyone to play that you begin to lose track of who everybody is .
This is n't my favorite of the series -LSB- ... -RSB- but these movies know what they are . These movies know they are fun . These are fun movies !
The film brings Charlize Theron on board as villainess , as well as a nuclear sub in the Arctic , a horde of cars speeding through New York City streets , a prison break battle royale , and a giant wrecking ball . It would be too much if it were n't so awesome .
It 's one of the weaker installments , one which finds the franchise straining for artistic reasons to continue ...
The worst Fast and the Furious movie , it betrays almost everything that fans have come to love about the series .

@highlight

The Fate of the Furious opens a new chapter in the franchise , fueled by the same infectious cast chemistry and over-the-top action fans have come to expect .