It 's perhaps not much of a schtick , but it 's a cohesive schtick , with the sub-schticks of the entire cast well integrated in support and counterpoint .
As a remedy for the Mideast 's woes , American pluralism might be slightly impractical ; but as a premise for a summer comedy , it 's real enough to be funny
I know someone out there must like these things , because Sandler keeps getting the money to make what is turning out to be the same movie over and over again , but I must not be tuned into his comedy wavelength .
The idea that the unholy trinity of Sandler , regular cohort Rob Schneider , and director Dennis Dugan could re-unite after ... Chuck and Larry begs the question : just how much did these guys sell their souls to get another film green lit ?
Warts and all , Zohan adds to a beautiful vision
... the latest in a long line of underwhelming Adam Sandler comedies ...
You have to give Adam Sandler some credit : He is trying new things and working to expand his particular brand of juvenile comedy , albeit not always successfully .
The ideas and some of the individual bits in Zohan work , but the crudeness of the execution undermines the results .
I cracked up during a lot of this movie .
This counter-terrorism satire is its own worst enemy . Especially whenever Sandler 's whining geek turned combo swaggering assassin hair stylist 's too-much-information bulging prosthetic crotch pops up .
Slightly better than most .
An army hero wearing Mariah Carey t-shirts ? Yes . Yes . Yes .
Sandler prefers to fall back on cartoonish stunt action , sleazy innuendo and bodily fluid gags . These things may satisfy his core fan-base , but everyone else will leave the cinema feeling a bit cheated .
The worst thing about the film is not that but the constant , feeble sexual innuendos with which Sandler saddles himself .
It helps that this is Sandler 's least irritating comedy role : instead of being a whiny misfit , he 's a local hero who becomes a fish out of water - Crocodile Dundee with a bouffant mullet .
Images of a thrusting male pelvis haunt the sensitive critic yet .
The ongoing conflict between Israel and Palestine is n't exactly the obvious choice of topic for a comedy - which is perhaps why this film is about as funny as a suicide bombing .
The central character may be a spin on Borat , and many of the jokes a touch familiar , but the whole package is so unbelievably silly , you 'll find yourself laughing for at least half the running time .
By the end , I felt as though I had been carpet-bombed by comedy 's answer to Vladimir Putin . But , on second thoughts , Putin is funnier .
After playing it relatively straight in his recent movies , Adam Sandler goofs off big time here , laying on a thick Israeli accent and proving real men blow dry . There are funny highpoints , but the grab-bag approach never quite gels .
While the premise may not stand up to scrutiny , Sandler 's performance - relatively restrained and nicely judged - makes you almost warm to the man who dumbly shrugged his way through years of neo-com tat .
But it 's Sandler who is pivotal to its amiable success . Less precious , less power-tripping than the likes of Ben Stiller , Jim Carrey or Mike Myers , he never looks down on his material . He makes us laugh by willpower as much as technique .
This is a silly , crass comedy about a badass Israeli commando who secretly longs to be a hairdresser specialising in 1980s stylings .
You Do n't Mess With the Zohan is a rude and routine Adam Sandler farce with some exceedingly sharp lines .
There 's a broad theory that no matter how funny the comedy , 90 minutes is the point at which audiences have had enough . You Do n't Mess With The Zohan trundles on for 113 minutes , none of them funny .
Another sloppily concocted and naggingly non-controversial pretext for Sandler to pelvic thrust his way though a succession of increasingly wacky fish-out-of-water situations .
A strange , mostly enjoyable mix of big political questions and crude comedy , Zohan overcomes its skeletal plotting and uneven gag ratio through Sandler 's sheer commitment to nonsense .
O pior filme da carreira de Adam Sandler ... e se considerarmos que estamos falando do gênio por trás de O Paizão e Little Nicky , esta constatação se torna mais do que deprimente ; torna-se apavorante .
Amusing Adam Sandler comedy with a bonkers premise , a surprisingly likeable central character and a handful of decent gags .
Just when you think civilisation may be moving forward a bit -LRB- OK , I 'm an optimist -RRB- , another Adam Sandler movie comes along .
You should have known : You Do n't Expect Much from the Zohan .
A comedy built around the belief that people speaking in foreign accents is endlessly funny , You Do n't Mess With The Zohan is - how you say ? - not good .
This should have a big label that reads ' 20 % above average humor , 80 % below the belt crass . '
Zohan is both exponentially stranger than Larry and about twice as amusing .
You Do n't Mess with the Zohan has bumped ` Click ' from the top of Sandler 's list as his worst movie ever .
Occasionally the film is so bad it 's almost funny , if you think a scene in which a cat is used as a football is funny .
Why does Adam Sandler continue to make these comedies that are n't funny ? Because your neighbor 's 13-year old kid keeps going to see them .
Sandler 's best in a long time
As stupid as ever , but surprisingly clever .
There are a handful of legitimately funny jokes , even though -- though it frightens me to say so -- I do n't get as excited as I got when I was fifteen .
The script has a couple of actually funny gags , but hack director Dennis Dugan messes up the delivery in service to Sandler 's titanic ego .
If `` Munich '' is the disease , the Zohan is the cure . Some hard little grains of truth make this Sandler 's funniest movie since `` The Waterboy . ''
Things work out , of course , to everyone 's satisfaction : there are a few political gags that have a veneer of audacity , but in essence , the movie takes risks only with its audience 's gag reflex .
If only the Zohan had n't messed with us . Worse than his excruciating Chuck And Larry , Sandler seems determined to refine the unfunny comedy . Please , Mr Sandler , stop it . Please . It hurts .
Sandler 's unflappable Jewish gigolo superhero hairdresser act is an overconceptualized drag .
Director Duggan serves up a scattershot satire that is about as funny as a Palestinian landmine at an Israeli kiddie birthday party . Broad , offensive and thinly veiled ...
This moviegoer has no trouble with lowbrow comedy . The problem with Zohan , however , is that it 's like a kid who tells you a silly joke , gets a laugh , and immediately tells the same joke again .
I 'm all for politically incorrect humor , but there has to be humor in the political incorrectness , and I did n't get it here .
It goes on too long , but I enjoyed much of the crazy , off-the-wall nature of this political satire and the Sandler-Apatow brand of humour .
Lame hair comedy riddled with greasy dandruff .
When it 's funny , it 's very , very funny , but when it 's bad , it 's downright awful .
For all its flaws , Zohan remains a tolerable if inane piece of entertainment that scores points for trying ...
Sandler can still do it when it comes to silly .
despite all of the film 's problems , there are still plenty of very funny moments and Zohan is one of Sandler 's more enjoyable characters .
When I think of movies that have a locker-room mentality I think of movies like this one , another sleazy , dirty-minded offering from Adam Sandler .
There are really only four jokes in the movie , and each of them goes from being pleasantly goofy to positively leaden as the film 's needlessly protracted running time unspools .
`` Zohan 's '' first hour may well be the strongest stretch of any Sandler comedy . But , in its second half , the film 's humor takes a backseat in favor of a heavy-handed plea for Mideast peace . A noble goal , of course , but not a very funny one .
Is n't all that different from any number of old Adam Sandler pictures . That 's to say that it 's not very good , and you probably wo n't find it terribly funny .
You Do n't Mess With the Zohan tries to mix high-brow satire with low-brow gross-out humor . The combination kills the story 's pacing .
The movie has surprisingly little energy . Sandler seems to think all he needs to do is talk in a phony middle-eastern accent to generate laughs , but what he 's saying should also be funny too , right ?
The Zohan is a mess
Director Dennis Dugan knows his way around shin-whacking slapstick , and Sandler is mesmerizing .
` I just want to make people silky smooth , ' cried Adam in the kind of Israeli accent which suggests that Israel borders France .
... nearly two hours of mind numbing junk .
Were there laughs to be had ? Sure , but even a `` Dorf on Golf '' videotape has its moments .
Zohan might have made a relatively entertaining series of regular sketches on SNL but ca n't sustain a nearly two-hour running time
Judd Apatow continues his quest to kill comedy with coarse , low class , low-intellect rubbish like this , which can turn you mind to porridge if you sit through it .
Hopes are dashed for the screenwriting contribution of Judd Apatow to elevate Adam Sandler as a poor man 's Groucho Marx ...
A silky smooth , subversively silly political satire .
You Do n't Mess with the Zohan is cacophonous and competitive comedy , more exhausting than fun .
Adam Sandler takes on terrorism as Israeli agent-turned-hair stylist in raunchy shock comedy .
The racial stereotypes that emerge in this film are as over the top and potentially offensive as Eli Wallach 's Tuco in The Good , the Bad and the Ugly . But what redeems the film to some degree is its general good naturedness ...
Amid the silliness , the boorishness and the vulgarity is a certain warmness and sweetness .
opens with a close-up of -LSB- Zohan 's -RSB- bulging crotch and remains in that territory , in every sense , for the 113 minutes that it violates the screen
So I smelled it , smelled it , smelled it and took it - and you know , I thought it was pretty good .
Although this film could 've been hilarious , almost every scene ends up as crude or just plain silly . But Adam Sandler looks terrific as Zohan !
Do n't mess with audiences , Sandler . Yet another bum movie from the actor that so steeped in stereotypes , it 's nauseating .
For as stupid as it is , part of its problem is that it really is n't stupid enough .
It 's a difficult feat to manage irony without antecedent , so rather than opt for knowing caricature -- like , say , Adam Goldberg 's The Hebrew Hammer -- Zohan mostly opts for empty farce : topical humor for people unfamiliar with the topic .
-LSB- A -RSB- voids that pitfall that brings down this genre of nutty comedy far more often than not : there 's nothing meanspirited about it . It 's crude in many ways ... but it 's never vulgar , and in fact it 's often strikingly sweet .
This is one of those movie ideas that leaves you wondering what other ideas , exactly , were rejected in favor of this one , on the grounds of being too lame .
Cutting to celeb cameos as often as locks of hair fall to the floor of a Supercuts does n't create comedy -- no more than sticking a person 's head in a salon sink means it can wash/cut/style itself.el = 1010828 & title = Screen Savor Movie Review % 3A You Don % 27t
The best Mossad agent turned hair stylist movie ever made . Seriously , it 's actually really good and fun .
Zohan 's a shallow character even by Sandler 's standards , a bunch of crotch thrusts in search of a laugh .
In the relatively anemic anthology of recent Adam Sandler flops , You Do n't Mess with the Zohan hangs above with comedic charm and a nonsensically amusing plotline . Sandler is the white version of the legendary Tim Meadows character The Ladies Man .
A 2-hour opus of sex , sex , sex , sex , sex and more sex . Even drunken frat boys will be screaming , `` Enough already , we get it ! ''
Three cheers for a crazy wisdom hero who wants to make the world a kinder , gentler place !
You Do n't Mess With the Zohan is as messy as comedies come . Much of it , though , is an inspired , hilarious mess .
If one-note jokes that drag on too long or are worked into the ground are n't enough to trigger comic nausea , then perhaps the myriad uses of hummus will do the trick in You Do n't Mess With the Zohan .
Zoolander and the Austin Powers films are essentially one-joke comedies , but the basic joke is funny . Within the first minute -- even before Sandler catches a fish in his ass crack -- it 's clear that Zohan 's only joke is n't .
There 's a lot to be said for consumerism as a salve for historic wounds . Of course , there 's also a drawback to our free market ways -- we get shoes made in China and movies like You Do n't Mess with the Zohan .
It is simultaneously a little bit vulgar and a little bit sentimental and comes out as a virtually bullet-proof blend for the mass , summertime audience .
The movie may not win Sandler many new fans , but it 's a baby step toward making comedies with a bit more substance than , say , The Waterboy .
What might have been an ambitious effort becomes another lousy Sandler movie , endless and tiresome with a handful of funny moments .
You can tsk-tsk Sandler 's penchant for dumb , crass humor all you want , but there 's some meaning behind his madness . Is there nothing more human , more humbling , than the idea of smelly feet ?
Though , as a broad comedy concerned with Israeli-Palestinian relations , Zohan in some ways distinguishes itself as original , it ultimately plays as just another silly Sandler comedy .
The result is another flabby comedy that gets its biggest laughs from thinly-covered penises and bare buttocks .
Sandler and his crew -- Judd Apatow was a credited writer -- ca n't take this movie marriage of ambition and apathy down the aisle .
You Do n't Mess With the Zohan might actually be the stupidest movie with good intentions that I 've ever seen .
The direction by Dennis Dugan is flabby and dull -- like most of the hacks-for-hire who end up bringing a Sandler opus to the screen , and whose chief qualification seems to be the ability to shout ` Great , Adam ! Great ! '
How much you like this will depend upon your appreciation for repeated jokes about hummus , gays , Zohan 's crotch and his fondness for older women .
His humor works best when it 's throw-away , but Zohan throws everything up to get a yuck . It 's a shock to see how many ` yuck ! ' moments Sandler settles for .
You Do n't Mess with the Zohan is the best Adam Sandler comedy in ages - but for only the film 's first 20 minutes .
Zohan tries for a message of social relevance with a nod to America as the land of multicultural coexistence , but its real value is in air-fluffing our cares away for a couple of hours .
Essentially , You Do n't Mess With the Zohan is n't all that different in tone and sensibility from Sandler 's previous films , but he 's really trying in this one , and the effort pays off .
Zohan skirts any real issues , but maybe crass and messy is more reflective of the times and situation .
It 's at its best when Adam Sandler is catching fish with his buttocks , just like most of his movies .
This collision of sensibilities may be funnier than much of Sandler 's recent repertoire , but it 's also a clumsy , scattershot fiasco that 's more likely to offend those with astute comedic taste than anyone on either side of the Israeli-Palestine equation .
Not that You Do n't Mess with the Zohan is meant to be taken seriously , nor is it meant to be an intelligent discussion of world politics . But even as a zany comedy whose backdrop kinda-sorta happens to have some heft to it , it falters .
Evidently there 's something even harder to pull off than Middle Eastern peace : a steady run of jokes that deserve our laughter -- if You Do n't Mess With the Zohan is an indicator .
You mess with the Zohan at the risk of your own IQ . But anyone who realizes or cares about such hazards has likely crossed the movie off the to-see list already .
The Zohan could have worked significantly better if it was delivered in smaller doses , like say a reoccurring skit on `` Saturday Night Live , '' but at 113 minutes the movie wears out its welcome long before the closing credits hit the screen .
Zohan coasts on its premise far more often than it fulfills it . But these days , you take your laughs where you find them . It 's a pretty good scattershot comedy .
Sandler works so hard at this , and so shamelessly , that he battered down my resistance .
Though a bunch of the jokes are milked too thin , there are some absurdly goofy sight gags , and a lineup of fun , silly cameos by guests from Chris Rock to Mariah Carey .
True Sandler fans will want to know only where Zohan stands on the A.S. scale , with Happy Gilmore at the top and Little Nicky at the bottom . I 'd put it closer to the latter than the former .
If You Do n't Mess With the Zohan is n't the bravest movie ever made about current Arab-Israeli relations , it 's at least the bravest movie ever made about current Arab-Israeli relations featuring a former Mossad agent who shags Lainie Kazan .
At 113 minutes , the movie bloats , and the humor wears thin , but it 's still one of Adam Sandler 's sturdier vehicles . That 's consumer guidance for Sandler fans -- not high praise .
Any positive messages are practically drowned out by the film 's relentless crude humor , much of which is too dumb to be all that funny .
There 's just enough chutzpah to Zohan to keep it amusing and sporadically uproarious . It 's a decent comedy construct : a film one unforgiving editorial pass away from greatness .
It 's painfully unfunny and cumbersome for extended stretches , necessitating bizarre story detours to jumpstart jokes that , though funny , often seem completely misplaced .
More , this thing might just be the most disgustingly unforgivable entry in the actor 's shockingly successful yet monstrously terrible career .
As one character says : `` Can we do this another time ? I think I have a real chance of keeping my food down tonight . ''
a goofy satire of Arab-Israeli relations , and already there 's been earnest media whining about this % u2014 the playing of such a combustible subject for laughs . Too bad for the whiners that the picture is so funny .
The notion that both sides are equally responsible for the intentional killing of civilians requires total ignorance of what 's actually transpiring in the region .
A movie that de-glorifies sex into a tool used for career advancement , altruistic joy and in lieu of `` thank-you '' note ? Sign me up !
Unless you find words like ` baba ghannouj ' inherently hilarious , the nearly two-hour running time proves to be a punishing length .
You Do n't Mess With the Zohan contains an important , if simplified , argument that is totally lost beneath a dozen hummus jokes too many .
Zohan may have an Apatow label , but it 's got Sandler guts .
Mess with The Zohan if you like , but be prepared for the consequences . This picture is to comedy what carpet bombing is to aerial warfare : The onslaught is so relentless that occasional direct hits on the funny bone are a statistical guarantee .
Given the missed opportunities for sharpening silliness with satire , it 's impossible not to mess with the Zohan .
Harold and Kumar Escape from Guantanamo removed the Do Not Open band from the jar of Terror jokes , and Zohan reaches in with greedy hands , adding Arab-Israeli jokes as well .
From the wholly insular and yet perfectly realized fantasy world it creates to the nonstop barrage of ethnic slams , You Do n't Mess with the Zohan is a comedy of contradictions . .
Methinks the kids to whom this superhero movie will most appeal wo n't be able to separate the stereotypes from the political wishful thinking .
The movie paints crude and insulting portraits of Israelis and Palestinians , going in for the basest stereotypes that would only bring a smile to the face of a Klansman .
he film might be rated PG-13 , but with this sort of verbal wit , it appears to be aimed at first-graders .
Let 's not mince words here , or hem and haw and add caveats about a few laughs or good intentions : You Do n't Mess With the Zohan is astonishingly , impressively , depressingly bad .
Any hopes of it actually transforming into a dark and corrosive satire are pretty much dissipated in the first few minutes when we get inexplicable close-ups of our hero catching both a Hacky Sack and an entire barbecued fish between his butt cheeks .
I really wanted to hate this movie so much based on the trailers and Sandler 's past couple of films but his outrageous performance won me over and made me chuckle throughout the entire film .
Like too many comedies these days , the humor is based more on the concept than execution ... and the scripting is lazy . But there is a weird mixed message behind the jokes .
It 's too long , with too many plot threads , too many penis jokes -LRB- and hummus jokes -RRB- , and too many `` unexpected '' celebrity cameos .
A desperate , miserable experience .
With the talented eye of an experienced editor from outside the Happy Madison circle , `` You Do n't Mess with the Zohan '' might have actually been good .
You do n't laugh with the Zohan , either .
Somewhere inside this Adam Sandler slacker silliness there is a fierce and provocative little satire trying to get out .
If silliness equaled greatness , You Do n't Mess With The Zohan would instantly join Citizen Kane and It 's A Wonderful Life high atop the pantheon of great American films .
No matter what you think about Zohan 's humor or its politics , in no universe should it have been longer than 85 minutes . 112 is punishment .
Let me be blunt : You Do n't Mess With the Zohan is the finest post-Zionist action-hairdressing sex comedy I have ever seen .
Someone needs to tell Adam Sandler enough is enough .
You Do n't Mess With the Zohan is like a hellacious bad-hair day -- unkempt , unsightly and mildly embarrassing at best .
There are almost enough insightful left-field throwaways to make you forgive all the old-lady gross-out sex , oversized penis jokes and Sandler company regular Dennis Dugan 's typically abysmal , inattentive direction .
Just when you think they 're on to something , the film reverts to the usual Sandler and Co. laziness
Eventually falls apart in a heap of pointless celebrity cameos and repetitive jokes about hummus .
More annoying than the crassness , really , is the directorial sloppiness -- which results in a virtually mirthless first half-hour .
While Zohan purveys the familiar Sandler mix of Jewvenile humor and geriatric love , it 's less about a manic manchild than it is a raunchily wholesome message movie that deploys stereotypes in order to smash them .
Sandler has shown some spark in more dramatic roles , so it 's disappointing to see him return to his one-note ` form . '
Crude , idiotic , ridiculous -- in other words , flat-out hilarious , and Sandler 's funniest film in years .
In the end , the movie feels as if it exists only to display the Sandler 's biceps .
The movie is n't exactly a breakthrough for Sandler , but is a nice reminder of his expansive talents and kinder instincts that only occasionally win out in his films .
Recommended for the drunken college guy in all of us ... the funniest Adam Sandler movie since Big Daddy .
Happily , You Do n't Mess With the Zohan , Sandler 's first collaboration with co-writer and current Hollywood comedy godhead Judd Apatow , is a crazed , delightfully bizarre return to form for Sandler .
It says something generally about the acting when Mariah Carey , playing herself , is as good or better than just about everyone else .
The whole style of humor seems dated .
It 's as if Sandler took a trip to Israel and came back with 6,000 jokes about hummus -LRB- the 6,000 penis jokes he did n't have to go anywhere to find -RRB- .
Finally , a funny Sandler movie . It 's his franchise . He 's sexy too ! But why all the Mel Gibson slams ?
A genial , hit-and-miss return to the ridiculous for Adam Sandler .
Zohan is a mess and then some .
Forget Monty Python , You Do n't Mess With the Zohan is a circus that never really flies .
Lots of lewd Sandler stuff , but also some laughs .
In Zohan , Sandler , his co-writers and director Dennis Dugan keep tossing away jokes and throwing away significance .
For all its perceived shock value , all the concern that a comedy about conflict in the Middle East would offend just about everyone imaginable , You Do n't Mess With the Zohan is really rather conventional and familiar .
When I watched `` Zohan , '' I felt like I was watching two different films ... both of them not very good .
I like Sandler 's trademark combination of shock tactics and sweetness . There 's a crazed good-heartedness to Zohan .
But really -- 113 minutes ? Some judicious trimming might have made the jokes ' hit-to-miss ratio way more tolerable .
Zohan is , against all odds , Sandler 's funniest effort in close to a decade . Not exactly a monumental feat given the junk he 's recently made a mint foisting on the American public , but still .
Another in the string of exercises in coarse infantilism that represent the studios ' idea of farce nowadays .
You do n't have to be a Sandler fan : if vulgarity mixed with a little sentiment is your thing , you 've come to the right place .
If sight gags , genital jokes , and crazy caricatures are your thing , You Do n't Mess with the Zohan pulls it off better than any movie since Austin Powers .
Since the comedy is co-written by three scribes , my guess would be that the bathroom humor and childish goofiness are product of Sandler and company , whereas the more sexual and raunchy elements reflect the sensibility of Judd Apatow and his factory .








@highlight

You Do n't Mess With the Zohan features intermittent laughs , and will please Sandler diehards , but after awhile the leaky premise wears thin .