12 Years a Slave is , like The Trial , a trapdoor over the abyss . Although less abrupt than Kafka 's novel , the movie wastes little time before plunging its viewer into a nightmare of dehumanization .
... -LSB- director Steve McQueen -RSB- has created one of the most terrifying , brutal and emotional stories about a time that in the United States -LRB- almost -RRB- everyone seems to want to forget ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The use of sequence shots , with the camera surrounding and swaying around the characters , makes the story more fluid . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
... we are before an instant classic ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
... is brilliant and generates an anguish difficult to bear . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
John Ridley 's versatile script locates Northup as a character of an involuntary double identity , which comes , in terrible comparison , from a privileged origin lost suddenly , in a country of dehumanizing hierarchies ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
... an exquisite filmic conversation about an incredible story and a complex and dark reality of American 's past . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
... its director , Steve McQueen , did not make a movie to make us cry , he built a slippery mirror where one falls repeatedly during the 134 minutes of the film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Steve McQueen , with 12 Years a Slave , presents his best work . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
12 Years a Slave is more important than disturbing . McQueen is unafraid to regard indignity with honesty , which is why his latest film is both historic and ferociously modern .
McQueen packs his film with so much identifiable humanity you 'll leave sore . Watching 12 Years is a grueling experience , and the artistry of the filmmakers and actors is a generous , pain-diminishing life raft .
... a concrete , expected story , but at the same time exemplary in its classic formula without being classist . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
This is n't a film about oppression , it is a luscious meditation on sadism and cruelty .
McQueen 's 12 Years a Slave , a rich and distinctly faithful adaptation of Northup 's experiences , begs us to continue this conversation by offering an artful and critical reflection on our past , present and future as a nation .
-LSB- 12 Years a slave -RSB- may be the toughest movie of the year to watch , no matter your ethnicity . The ending is a bittersweet reminder that freedom will never be able to return to Solomon the precious years lost with his family .
12 Years is beautifully filmed , with a keen eye toward the conflation of beauty and horror .
Capturing the harsh realities of the era , the film is extremely powerful and should be considered essential viewing for everyone .
This is not a movie to be enjoyed but endured . But there lies its disturbing genius .
Short of actual time travel , 12 Years a Slave is , to date , our best opportunity to bear witness to our inescapable history .
Ambitious , honest and horrifying all at once , 12 Years a Slave may not be the easiest film to watch more than once , but it will stay with you forever once you see it .
Add the visionary direction by Steve McQueen , the British Turner Prize-winning artist turned film-maker -LRB- Hunger , Shame -RRB- and you have an out-and-out stunner .
But the best sequences in 12 Years a Slave are not history lessons . They are , instead , visually ambiguous and open-ended , presumably owing something to McQueen 's art-school background in Britain ...
Ejiofor 's performance is typically unshowy yet subtle , conveying a dignity and humanity that the film needs in the face of such unfathomable injustice .
It is this film 's unfortunate paradox that a story with so much at stake , rendered in what could only be good faith , should translate to so little .
McQueen has not only created his finest work to date , but also a potential modern masterpiece .
12 Years a Slave is a film of searing sincerity and insight , whose central characters are drawn with real complexity . McQueen 's third film does n't just slide slavery under the microscope , it holds it there .
Pitiless , heartless and exceptionally intense , 12 Years a Slave is definitely not for the faint-hearted .
The end result has momentum and meaning , and slides in amidst McQueen 's excellent efforts ; the only thing missing , particularly from a director known for his primal jolts and punishing journeys , is the visceral reaction .
A significant , necessary piece of work , one that stays with you long after you rise out of your theater seat .
12 Years A Slave is essential viewing .
A cathartic experience of sorts , 12 Years A Slave achieves something few other films do . It makes you uncomfortable .
Through the amazing , appalling story of Solomon Northup , 12 Years a Slave recreates how painfully wicked our country once was .
12 Years a Slave is more of an important film than a great one .
Movies can do a great many things - they can make us laugh , or incite our heroism , or frighten us , or make us cry . '12 Years a Slave ' makes us feel , deeply and urgently .
There 's real rage in this film , the type that can never be assuaged by time or blunted by forgiveness .
See this film . Pay homage to the healing truth . A landmark film ; would that it could reduce the lag time between genocides and our real-time grasp of their horrifying reality .
The end result , while uneven , is appropriately stark , mournful , and gripping , making a deep impression on the landscape of American history on film .
12 Years a Slave ? It feels much longer .
It 's a difficult watch , but I heartily recommend you go see 12 Years a Slave , one of the best and most important films you 'll see all year .
The power of `` Slave '' is not so much its rote plea to `` not forget , '' but its invitation to understand .
12 Years a Slave has too many unforgettable elements , even in its less effective second half for it not to deliver a visceral impact .
This movie touches something deep and uncomfortable in our nation 's history , something that all of us need to apprehend to truly understand our American heritage .
It 's Ejiofor who commands our attention , less because of his inherently noble bearing than for his ability to convey the voice of the ordinary man forced to endure inhumanity that left -- and still leaves -- far too many silent .
12 Years a Slave is an expertly crafted , eerily beautiful film with a clear message and a lot of violence .
12 Years a Slave puts things straight -- and some . Anchored by Chiwetel Ejiofor 's performance of contained fortitude as Solomon , the film depicts almost unrelenting institutional brutality .
McQueen approaches the narrative straight on and sober , with long , long takes bearing the weight of cruelty .
We 've seen movies about the horrors of slavery before . This one is about the mechanics .
It speaks to the courage and resilience of one man , the savagery of many , and the potential , for both good and for ill , in us all .
It is so fluent and so certain -- both in its humanism and its depiction of institutionalised savagery .
We are surely watching one of the transcendent performances of the year in Ejiofor 's sensitive , moving portrayal of the miserably oppressed Solomon .
Given the subject matter of the film , it 's unsurprising to say that 12 Years a Slave is moving , but it 's a testament to the filmmaking just how devastating the experience of watching it actually is .
The film belongs to Chiwetel and the remarkable ensemble that surrounds him . With McQueen , they 've created a landmark picture of devastating power .
12 Years A Slave is a powerful , moving and intelligently unsentimental tale that is engrossing and memorable .
Easily the most powerful , compelling , devastating , and just plain blunt film about slavery ever made , Steve McQueen 's adaptation of Solomon Northup 's 1853 memoir , 12 Years a Slave is a raw and searing indictment .
Yes , we 've all been enlightened unto the depletive hell that was the era of American slavery . But perhaps never , at least through cinema , have we been placed so vividly among the human beings who suffered through it .
McQueen depicts the horrific experiences of Solomon Northup , the free man kidnapped and sold into slavery , in utterly unflinching fashion . The film 's strength lies in its frankness and avoidance of either sentimentality or Quentin Tarantino-style irony .
12 Years a Slave '' is still one of the best movies of the year . It 's also one of the most unsettling .
The crux of 12 Years a Slave 's power comes back to Chiwetel Ejiofor . What a great , touching , tenacious performance .
12 Years a Slave is the clearest view of slavery I 've seen onscreen .
McQueen directs with a total lack of sentiment , crafting each sequence with a merciless forward momentum that compensates for the episodic nature of the narrative .
In its own saintly manner , it 's as exploitative as anything critics accused Django Unchained of being , minus Tarantino 's eye for idiosyncrasy and sense of humor .
As hard-hitting as this is , though , it 's the muted sense of outrage and injustice coursing through every fibre of Solomon 's being that lingers longest , ensuring 12 Years a Slave triumphs as a human story about an inhuman institution .
The film tells an irresistibly powerful story , in a way that does not shirk the horror . It is unbearable to watch at times , but that is as it should be .
The film is beautifully underplayed with an emotional undercurrent that gradually builds an accumulative force , before all of that anger and sorrow finally explodes to the surface in an unforgettable final scene .
You will recoil . You will flinch . You will say to yourself , ` Oh no , not again . ' But the story will seize you with such a visceral power you will be rooted to the spot . I know I was and I 'm not easy to root .
Some movies have to be made , have to be seen , and no other consideration needs to be entered into .
Watching 12 Years a Slave does not feel like an ethical or educational obligation . While its instructive value is undeniable , this is also a rousing portrait , a morally complicated tale and a masterful work of art .
Filled with astonishing , gut-wrenching performances , it brings Northup 's stunning story to life in a deeply-affecting way .
With enough scope to examine its impact on a community forcibly dehumanized by organized and terrible helplessness , it 's a remarkable achievement , brilliantly executed .
A film that , despite its surface simplicity , proves to be riven with contradictions to the point of incoherence .
Whilst 12 Years may lack the grandiose scale of Amistad , McQueen 's ability to extract tension and provide insight into the evil nature of men during a dark period in America 's history , makes for compelling viewing .
Plain and simple , 12 Years A Slave is a modern day masterpiece .
As with Schindler 's List , you wo n't want to be munching a bucket of popcorn through this .
Screenwriter John Ridley takes a story that 's episodic in nature and crafts a narrative that manages to build in intensity and emotion for over two hours .
Driven by the best performances of the year , bold directing , and a compelling true story that reminds us of our nation 's shameful , inhumane past , it is a film destined to enjoy a reputation as one of the greatest films ever produced about slavery .
This is n't simply an important movie , but a dose of brutal truth that must be confronted , and done so with absolute certainty .
Lupita Nyong ' o is the emotional epicenter of the entire film .
Ejiofor 's low-key , naturalistic acting mode is ideal for conveying Northup 's self-control and intelligence . And Fassbender avoids turning the malevolent Epps into a one-note nemesis .
McQueen works from ferocity to felicity . Scenes of body horror bear higher emotional stakes than your average horror film . It 's a film of few kindnesses and many graces .
An uncompromising look at slavery in the Antebellum South . Anchored by career-defining performances by Chiwetel Ejiofor and Lupita Nyong ` o , director Steve McQueen brings his assured directorial mind to a harrowing , but necessary picture .
There are no false pretenses or unnecessary charging , instead , there is patience and time . The moments of suspension often become the biggest delight .
Much of it is difficult to watch , but '12 Years a Slave ' is that rare film that 's both important in its message and a darned good film all the same .
While the praise for 12 Years a Slave has been rather overblown , it 's still a recommendable film due to its incredible cast , which helps cover up its weaknesses .
This is a truly impressive piece of filmmaking .
O que nos torna racistas não é o preconceito que exercemos de maneira ativa , mas a intolerância contra as mais diversas minorias que simplesmente nos mostramos incapazes de perceber .
It 's a heavy , depressing film but it 's also one that 's hard to discredit .
McQueen has used this near-documentary style of filming before , but this is the first time it 's seemed essential to his story .
An unflinching , uncomfortable and entirely necessary modern classic .
There is a reason that Slave has topped the best of list of 25 major film critics and won the Golden Globe for Best Picture . Miss it at your own loss .
The direction from Steve McQueen is visceral , the script from John Ridley does n't waste a word , and the performances are , without exception , brilliant .
Using dialogue sparsely and shocking images relentlessly , McQueen 's movie brilliantly explores the implications and legacy of slavery , and debunks some of its more cherished myths .
Minds will be opened , perhaps even changed by what they see -LRB- and indeed , feel -RRB- here .
Fortunately , 12 Years a Slave is not just a minor vanity project for Brad Pitt , who is one of its producers , but also a courageous step forward for director Steve McQueen .
The film imparts the casual cruelty of slavery with full force without having to resort to graphic portrayals of on-screen brutality . The film certainly has those , but they are sporadic , well-judged and serve the larger story of a man starved of freedom .
12 Years A Slave tackles America 's primal sin of slavery with unflinching honesty , leaving in the shade Hollywood 's previous efforts to address the subject , from Gone With the Wind 's rose-tinted myopia to Django Unchained 's gore-and-irony-soaked fantasy .
Generally more concerned with making its audience wince than with forging an indelible imprint on the soul .
It may well be the greatest film ever made about slavery , but that says more about the movie world than the work itself .
In its portrayal of violence and spectatorship , it stays in the mind .
McQueen shoots long takes in which the action -LRB- as in the emotional action , or intention -RRB- is the focus , involving us deeply and meaningfully in the characters , their circumstances and the broader context . The impact is strong .
Involving and disturbing with an inspiring central performance by Chiwetel Ejiofor , this is a ballsy film with themes every bit as confronting as those broached by McQueen in his earlier films Hunger -LRB- 2008 -RRB- and Shame -LRB- 2011 -RRB-
The fortuitously named -LSB- Steve McQueen -RSB- follows up his previous pictures Hunger and Shame with this similarly pit-of-the-stomach venturing , queasy-making drama
Ejiofor proves himself a master of physical understatement , the clench of his teeth and slightest parting of the lips speaking volumes .
This is a terrifically well-intended and necessarily difficult movie to watch : but I 'm not entirely convinced McQueen has delivered quite the masterpiece some would suggest it is .
A tale of suffering , endurance , courage and abiding humanity about a freeborn man kidnapped and sold into slavery , which packs all the more wallop for the elegance with which it 's made .
Ejiofor projects extraordinary integrity , even nobility - and he holds the camera magnificently . It 's a deeply inward , deeply felt performance , surely a cert for one of the many Oscars this film must win .
The American South 's `` peculiar institution '' has , it seems , become a fit topic for narrative cinema . And it only took a century .
This is history alert to the many gradations that inform any fully formed understanding of the past ; history unbound .
12 Years a Slave proves McQueen 's formal prowess and , more significantly , his utter seriousness as a dramatist .
Much more than a film about 19th century slavery in America , this sharply well-told true story has a lot to say about the world we live in today .
There 's little doubt that this painfully authentic adaptation of former slave Solomon Northup 's memoir is an important film . But it is not an easy one to sit through .
I have seen it twice now , and on both occasions it has managed to enthral and appal in just about equal measure .
It does what great cinema should do : takes you on an extraordinary journey and make you feel grateful to be alive .
12 Years a Slave is n't simply a masterpiece , it 's a milestone . This , at last , really is history written with lightning .
Twelve Years a Slave is a magnificent achievement and it is a career best for everyone involved , not least its artist-turned-director , Steve McQueen .
The whole film breathes with reality , even while the bayou landscapes are infernalised , surrealised , by a terrible beauty of vision .
A flat-out masterpiece , a magnificent , uncompromising and emotionally devastating slavery drama with a superb script , stunning direction and an extraordinary central performance from Chiwetel Ejiofor .
One of Britain 's greatest living filmmakers offers an outraged , intense and artful examination of American slavery .
A relentless , raw and visceral condemnation of a viciously racist regime that condemned its victims to a life of hard labour with random cruelties thrown in and justified by a skewed interpretation of the Old Testament .
McQueen 's previous films were called Hunger and Shame ; there is plenty of both in this almost unwatchably shocking and violent film .
The cumulative emotional effect is devastating : the final scenes are as angry , as memorable , as overwhelming as anything modern cinema has to offer .
The violence is starkly pictured by McQueen , lingering on black skin torn apart to reveal milky white flesh and , of course , red blood .
Falling between the twin pillars of the art house and prestige period flick , 12 Years A Slave is history lesson as horror film , powerful , visceral and affecting .
Solomon 's story does n't need fictionalising to be absolutely devastating , and McQueen tells it straight , trusting its account , and his actors , to make it resonant .
In a film brimming with great performances -- including Fassbender as the ruthless Epps , and Nyong ` o 's star-making work as the tormented Patsey -- Ejiofor 's portrayal of Northup shines .
12 Years a Slave remains an important film , if nothing else for the fact that these are not anonymous characters created for Hollywood storytelling , but one man 's remarkable story that puts a face on history .
These people are presented as they must have seemed at the time , even to themselves ; there 's no sense of a 21st-century actor sending out subtle I 'm - not-really-like-this signals .
Ejiofor 's performance masterfully walks the line between showing Northrup 's unbowed spirit and giving him superhuman levels of fortitude .
So overpowering is this film 's simple , horrible , and almost entirely true story that it 's hard to get enough distance on 12 Years a Slave to poke at its inner workings .
Every scene of 12 Years a Slave , and almost every shot , conveys some penetrating truth about America 's original sin .
The film is exactly the sort of thing we mean when we talk about the arts reflecting , ennobling , and strengthening a culture .
While Nature/Fate/God can perform apparent wickedness without conscience , neither hold a candle to man .
Punishing , relentless , terrible and necessary
The year 's best film , this drama is a cinematic achievement and will be impossible to forget .
Two hours of torture and degradation were done much better in `` Saw '' or `` Hostel '' . This is not a Major Statement about slavery but one about a visual artist 's preoccupation with pain -- just like his misbegotten `` Hunger '' .
This is an extraordinary film .
I find -LSB- McQueen -RSB- extraordinary and I thought also what it was really about was the concept of man as a chattel .
Shooting the travesties at an artistic remove as if he were observing slavery as a mechanism , McQueen 's lush , foreboding compositions do n't get in the way of the soul-crushing story .
While director McQueen does bring forth an incredible cast of excellent performers to play supporting characters , -LSB- this film -RSB- belongs to Ejiofor and only Ejiofor .
Assaulted by black and white men and feared by a white woman , exposed in every way , this body lingers in your mind . Signifying so many `` mortifications , '' Patsey reveals to Solomon what he and you must see .
So very artfully fiddling while America burns
If 12 Years a Slave sounds like a brutal viewing experience then you 'd be right , but in eschewing sentimentality and striving for honesty in the storytelling it is also a powerful , essential drama .
The power of McQueen 's movie is in its declaratory style : This happened . That is all , and that is everything .
The feel terrible film of 2013 , but for a very good reason
12 Years a Slave is an authentic , stunning , and moving work about the darkest reaches of American history .
Unflinching , excruciating direction from McQueen ; arresting and affective performances from Chiwetel Ejiofor , Lupita Nyong ' o & Michael Fassbender ; John Ridley 's adaption of this shamefully true story is epic ; 12 Years a Slave is extraordinary .
One of this year 's must-see films , this is not simply a worthy tribute of a subject too often ignored by Hollywood ; it 's also a remarkable piece of cinema in its own right .
Like Steven Spielberg 's LINCOLN from last year , and for which this is a good companion piece , this film is required viewing to understand the United States as it was
Some movies are ` must-see , ' but '12 Years a Slave ' goes beyond that to ` deserves to be seen ' status . The film , which tells a true story , is a rarity that pulls no punches about the hellishness of slavery .
It is a film that necessity and education demand seeing .
avoids an easy sense of moralizing and propels us deep into the characters ' experiences
Through a rich , grueling portrait of the machinery of institutionalized slavery , it asks us to examine the rotten core of slavery and how it permeates our entire culture , not just to ponder life in the 1840s .
Horrifying . Riveting . Must see .
Slavery has been addressed in films many times before , but I have never seen slavery depicted in the graphic , emotional way it is depicted here .
Good , but not as great as it should have been .
A decent film , but hardly the breakthrough anti-slavery masterpiece many have claimed . It 's difficult to stay in the brutal reality with A-list movie stars around every bend .
A remarkably gripping and frank social conscious pic about the horrors of slavery that 's earnestly directed by Brit former visual artist Steve McQueen .
The film of the decade .
12 Years a Slave is n't always easy to sit through , but it is most definitely a vital and profound motion picture .
Not only the most powerful movie yet produced about our national shame but also the rare film about history and race that does not seek to absolve , comfort or flatter the mass audience it aspires to reach .
All of this goes together to earn 12 Years a Slave a spot at the top of the list for best pictures released this year .
With relentlessly calm intensity , it depicts the institution as a machine - a pitiless mechanism that 's countered with pitiless direction from filmmaker Steve McQueen .
Well , it took a Brit to get the job done , but we finally have it : a nightmare snapshot of plantation life from the viewpoint of an American slave .
... meticulously made , sporadically captivating , and yet palpably overlong ...
The stunning and tragic true story of a free black man sold into slavery in the pre-Civil War South , 12 Years a Slave is guttural , raw , and necessary to the moment , the kind of film that merits critical accolades and industry trophies .
12 Years a Slave Devastating and Memorable
The closest comparison is Schindler 's List , with its immersion into historical tragedy , bringing the unspeakable to discussion . But make no mistake . There has n't been a movie like this , which is Hollywood 's shame . Miss it , and that mistake is yours .
Raw emotion manifest ... not easily forgotten , as it should be .
Ejiofor ... gives a performance for the ages ...
Beautifully made and stylish to no end -- even elegant . With an assured hand , McQueen has captured the uncomfortable juxtaposition of natural beauty and unnatural ugliness .
The lingering effect is , ` Yeah , these nightmares really happened . People can be horrible . God have mercy . ' I just do n't find that the movie has given me much to think about .
12 Years a Slave is not a game .
Knowing the story 's outcome does nothing to lessen the potency of what 's shown on screen , largely because of the courageous manner in which McQueen holds certain shots as if he 's daring us to look away for even a second .
Ejiofor 's performance is the heart and soul of the movie . He is transformed from a carefree and happy family man to a downtrodden individual who has the hope for rescue continually quashed or beaten out of him .
12 Years a Slave does n't add much to the ongoing conversation about slavery but it 's a well-made meditation about a man who endures a terrifying journey .
Extraordinary and devastating
Oscar nominations will likely include Best Picture , Director , Actor , Supporting Actor , and Supporting Actress , among others .
The extraordinary 12 Years a Slave thrusts its lead character -LRB- Chiwetel Ejiofor -RRB- and the audience into slavery 's moral and psychological morass more fully and directly than any movie before it .
Brutal yet elegant , 12 Years a Slave is a beautifully rendered punch to the gut about the most shameful chapter in American history .
As we watch a finite horror envelop Northup , we imagine the infinite horror of people trapped in lifelong captivity .
By forcing his audience to watch , passively , for minute after minute , McQueen makes us all complicit . It 's the scene that no American has been able to produce because it 's void of heroism , and shows us slavery as a mere means of doing business .
It is not an angry movie or a judgmental one , and this just-the-facts approach brings home the heartbreaking reality of slavery in America .
A powerful and necessary look at the abject cruelty of U.S. slavery
Not the first -LRB- and most certainly will not be the last -RRB- film to tackle the subject of America 's shameful history of slavery , but it often feels like the first real one .
This is a nightmare of a film , but an unforgettable one .
`` 12 Years a Slave '' is essential because its raw impact is unrivaled .
Exceedingly well-crafted and brilliantly acted by Chiwetel Ejiofor and Michael Fassbender , McQueen 's go-to star , the movie is harrowing , intense and important .
British director Steve McQueen and American screenwriter John Ridley adapt Solomon Northup 's meticulous slave narrative into a masterpiece of clear-eyed historical drama .
It provokes recognition in us of the very heart of darkness . It makes the unimaginable imaginable .
`` 12 Years a Slave '' is n't easy to watch , and it should n't be ; it 's one man 's tragedy , but it 's also the tragedy of countless thousands of souls beaten down , literally and metaphorically .
The film is both brutal to watch and stunning to contemplate , powerfully challenging audiences - particularly white audiences - to examine their consciences .
Slavery is revealed for the unrelenting horror that it was . About time .
It 's a tough movie to watch but a rewarding and thoughtful one .
A graphically violent portrayal of the treatment of people trapped in human bondage before the Civil War , as well as a disturbing portrait of the perversity that festered in slaveholders .
One of the best and most courageous films of the year .
It 's an ugly tale but we ca n't afford to take our eyes off it .
There are moments that are less crushing than others , but there is no free-floating hope here , only that which Northup can make .
12 Years a Slave is admirable , important , and serious filmmaking that is antithetical to what most people think of as entertainment . While it might not be perfect , it demands and deserves your attention .
The film has led you to experience slavery as an unending nightmare so horrific that there is something cruel even in Northup 's liberation from it .
Rich with details , 12 Years a Slave is an accomplished effort , yet McQueen is distracted by the weave work of story , failing to find art in agony .
12 Years a Slave is at times difficult to watch but always impossible to turn away from .
The film succeeds by simply , plainly placing audiences in the emotional crucible of pre-abolition America and firing their imaginations .
The film wants to hurt you , knows you are terrified of what it will show you , then shows you way more than you bargained for .
Provocative yet well made drama .
This is not medicine for America to swallow ; it 's filmmaking of the highest caliber .
McQueen makes the theater drapes melt away , immersing audiences in a story that will make them feel like witnesses to history .
But make no mistake , this is Ejiofor 's show , and he commands it utterly from minute one .
The film hits like a sledgehammer , in part because it suggests that films about slavery are rare because we are guilty of burying the shameful aspects of our history .
Though Solomon Northupp 's story is one that deserves to be told , it could have benefited from a little restraint .
Imperfect but must-see epic drama with major cruelty .
A reminder of the awe-inspiring power great movies can have . Roll , Jordan , roll .
`` 12 Years a Slave '' finally gives America a definitive movie on its peculiar institution .
12 Years a Slave is an outstanding triumph in filmmaking since it 's so unbelievably captivating yet will leave you feeling so undeniably uncomfortable as it takes pride in ripping your mortality to shreds over the course of two hours .
`` 12 Years a Slave '' lays out an institution so twisted and wrong that its honest portrayal has been avoided for centuries . Yes , it 's dark and brutal . It needs to be .
Brilliant yet brutal without playing on our guilt . Straightforward horror with an astonishing cast . It is director Steve McQueen 's masterwork
One of the finest historical movies ever made .
But the much talked-about 12 Years a Slave is more than a beautifully shot art piece . It 's history made violently real .
Other movies and books have gone here , but few so far and with such overwhelming clarity of purpose .
Ejiofor brings imposing physicality and intimidating intellect to the role , and thus Northup poses a threat to his enemies -- even if they ca n't articulate it as such .
An important work , but one that 's more potent on an intellectual level than an emotional one .
The film offers a formidable indictment of the cruelty of which human beings are capable .
McQueen imbues his film with undeniable artistry and intellectual rigor , but startlingly little passion . You will be angered , horrified and moved by what you witness , but you will not be challenged .
With this powerful , almost classical drama , British director Steve McQueen has made the seminal film about slavery that Hollywood feared to tackle .
The production of `` 12 Years a Slave '' is by far the most ambitious work for director McQueen who makes a strong statement against the still-ongoing issue of slavery .
A gripping drama and immaculate depiction of human suffering and strength .
Some might dread its violence , but in its truth in showing us the American slavery experience , 12 Years a Slave is glorious in its brutality . It 's required viewing for all Americans and a vital universal lesson about man 's inhumanity to man .
Apart from caricatures-as-characters reasons , the cinematography in '12 Years a Slave ' is over-prettified and distracting .
this film falters enough that it needs to be acknowledged , its passage of time muddled ... some lesser acting skills distancing , Hans Zimmer 's score only occasionally rising above cliched Celtic themes and mournful fanfare .
So raw and distressing is this historical account of a true-life American slave , it 's tempting to turn away from the screen . Or maybe just cover your eyes for a few minutes of respite . Try not to .
Stands a good chance of ending up the definitive American film about slavery .
A parable about the fragility of the middle class .
No mainstream movie since `` Schindler 's List '' has merged worthy sentiment and grueling sadism with such powerfully disturbing sweep .
... a masterpiece .
Brutal , harrowing , powerful and exceptionally well-acted . Worth seeing but not for those with weak stomachs . Director Steve McQueen does n't spare the viewer .
It 's impossible to call '12 Years a Slave ' an enjoyable film , but it is exceptional in every respect , making it a warranted 133-minute nightmare .
Ejiofor gives the audience more emotion with a glance than most actors could muster with an entire page of dialogue .
Director Steve McQueen was clearly the right man to execute an unflinching adaptation of Solomon Northup 's incredible story .
It is a bold and uncompromising vision of the Deep South in the mid-19th century that provides a visceral glimpse into the horrors of slavery and racial politics in the country just prior to the Civil War .
12 Years a Slave is likely the most painful , clear-eyed feature ever made about American slavery . In that light , it almost seems faint praise to add that it will also likely prove to be the best film of the year .
It 's a tremendous expose into this disturbing and unconscionable institution .
The filmmakers strangely decided to introduce the film with a brief appearance by Ejiofor to proclaim the movie 's value . That , along with the pre-Oscar buzz , was perhaps too much to live up to .
In his typically visceral way , McQueen rips the scab off a wound that may never fully heal and dares us to look away .
It is Ejiofor - bewildered , sorely tested , morally towering - whose staggered dignity anchors the film .
A sensational movie distinguished by its lack of sensationalism .
A masterful film that 's brutal , thought-provoking and undeniably affecting , 12 Years a Slave nakedly depicts the inhumanity and hopelessness of American slavery , and at the same time chronicles the perseverance , and resilience , of the human spirit .
Steve McQueen 's 12 Years a Slave , written by John Ridley and starring Chiwetel Ejiofor , is a necessary corrective to the antics of Django Unchained , not to mention Mandingo and its ilk .
This movie could be a useful classroom tool for those studying America 's shameful slavery days .
This is a tremendously powerful drama that simultaneously highlights the human capacity for cruelty and for resilience , bolstered by an extraordinary , wrenching performance from Ejiofor .
A masterful achievement and a must-see for adults . This movie is undeniably strong stuff that illustrates all too well how our slave history remains the most American horror story of all .
There 's a difference between an `` unflinching '' look at something and an unflinching look at a person desperately trying to project `` unflinching . '' 12 Years is often upsetting for all the wrong reasons . It relegates atrocities to the level of camera tricks .
Many viewers will likely have a hard time sitting through it . Watching it is necessary , though , and hugely rewarding . The results are n't just supremely fine , but an example of important moviemaking transcending art as entertainment .
McQueen brings urgency to the subject by depicting it with a documentarian 's precision ; there 's no false hope , only despair , in this portrait of humanity at its worst .
12 Years a Slave , British director Steve McQueen 's antebellum Southern drama , sets a new standard in realistically depicting American slavery .
`` 12 Years a Slave '' is a somber , meditative , almost poetic film that delivers the horrors of bondage stripped down and head-on .
`` 12 Years '' is a tour de force , just one of the most unpleasant ones you will ever see .
A brutally powerful and emotionally devastating film that takes great pains to rip any lingering vestiges of romanticism from America 's most shameful institution .
An extraordinary but often difficult to watch film ... this should be one of the top Oscar contenders of the year . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
Remarkable .
Director McQueen 's now signature techniques are on full display here . In Ejiofor , McQueen finds another gifted actor that embraces hard and emotive story-telling .
-LSB- T -RSB- he most important achievement of this staggering film is how acutely and precisely -LSB- McQueen -RSB- depicts the psychological cruelty ...
The most powerful movie I never want to see again . This is not a film meant to entertain or be enjoyed , but rather provide the most unflinching , rawest portrayal of slavery ever put to film and McQueen accomplishes that masterfully .
`` a shattering experience ''
Other than a few exceptional moments , McQueen 's movie does n't say much about the human spirit .
12 Years A Slave is more than just one of the best movies of the year , it stands alongside Roots as a significant cinematic contribution to this country 's never ending discussion about slavery .
`` 12 Years a Slave '' offers no false Hollywood catharsis along with its muted happy ending , because we 're not free from the curse of slavery yet . Looking at it , as it really was , is a start .
When a director who never ever blinks takes on a horrific subject , a nightmare in broad daylight is the inevitable result . Welcome , if that is the right word , to the world of 12 Years a Slave .
The harrowing 12 Years a Slave is a mesmerizing period drama for the ages .
It seems certain to transcend the movie realm and become a new reference point in contemporary culture-a defining vision of what slavery looked like , and felt like , in the U.S. before the Civil War .
McQueen does n't go in for a lot of flash edits or self-conscious visual flourishes to put viewers at ease ; rather , he invites the audience to sit with him as he gazes , amazed , at man 's inhumanity to man ...
A film this good , and this quietly distinctive in its style , is always welcome .
A harrowing , unforgettable drama that does n't look away from the reality of slavery and , in so doing , helps us all fully , truly confront it .
`` 12 Years a Slave '' works on so many levels -- some topical , some timeless -- that it 's almost impossible to count them .
There are horrors aplenty in Steve McQueen 's blistering , cold-eyed epic of slavery .
12 Years a Slave is not easy to watch , but it is perfectly constructed to present a sense of time and place , to show rather than tell the evil of it .
It 's an important subject given a realistic , respectful treatment without diminishing the cruelty and the inhumane nature of institutionalized slavery .
The sheer power of the performances capably transport viewers to a place that most of us ca n't even comprehend .
Made me angry , and grateful , in ways I did n't always anticipate .
You wo n't be able to tuck this powder keg in the corner of your mind and forget it . What we have here is a blistering , brilliant , straight-up classic .
Channeling the evils of human bondage through the experiences of one weary figure , McQueen has constructed another intensely physical character study about a man trapped in his own flesh .
The genius of 12 Years a Slave is its insistence on banal evil , and on terror , that seeped into souls , bound bodies and reaped an enduring , terrible price .
A raw , powerful film that matters , but watching it does n't feel like work . If this movie ever appears on a syllabus , students will look forward to class .
Slavery here is not only a great moral darkness but a sweeping canvas for depicting the emotional deformities of the people who enforced and exploited the practice .
This harrowing story of the worst of humanity is deceptively simple and straightforward . 12 Years a Slave is an essential film for all to see .
12 Years a Slave is possibly the best horror film of the year , but it 's a disappointing drama .
Steve McQueen 's latest masterpiece is a shattering horror film .
The film truly belongs to Ejiofor , whose big , soulful eyes seem to register so many things at once : Shock , pain , grit , determination , abject despair at times , cautious hope at others - and always , dignity .
The year 's most powerful film , an arthouse masterpiece which demands to be seen . . important , engrossing , upsetting ... It 's hard to imagine one that will hit you harder .
-LSB- McQueen 's -RSB- film is a tough , soul-sickening , uncompromising work of art that makes certain that when viewers talk about the evils of slavery , they know its full dimension .
This is as plain-faced a film about slavery could possibly be , and the effect of its evenness is , oddly enough , more emotion .
Aside from a characteristically nuanced lead performance by Chiwetel Ejiofor ... it 's a picture that stays more than a few safe steps away from anything so dangerous as raw feeling .
If the best films hold you in a captive vise , entertain you , keep you spellbound and teach you something at the same time , then 12 Years a Slave is outstanding-brave , courageous and unforgettable .
It will make you furious . It will make you want to scream .
Brave performances throughout this magnificent film .
A blood-drenched portrayal of what has been called `` the peculiar institution , '' an epic work that indicts our freedom-loving nation .
It 's clear from the start that this movie is n't content to simply be viewed . The picture stares back .
Steve McQueen 's fact-based film about Southern American slavery is uncompromising , insistent , and one of the most powerful films about the subject ever made .
12 Years A Slave is an ambitious endeavor .
Brutal and relentless , it 's hard to recommend 12 Years a Slave whole-heartedly even though it 's incredibly well directed and acted across the board .
The best picture of the year .
An ultimately cold experience , but one that must be seen .
Savage , uncompromising and gruesomely cringe-inducing , this true tale will shock you and anger you , but it may also touch you very deeply .
12 Years a Slave is easily the greatest feature film ever made about American slavery .
-LSB- VIDEO ESSAY -RSB- If Steve McQueen would fully commit to his calling as an exploitation director , he might eventually achieve his desired effects through that more direct approach .
It 's smashingly effective as melodrama . But McQueen 's directorial voice-cold , stark , deterministic-keeps it from attaining the kind of grace that marks the voice of a true film artist .
12 Years A Slave will beat you down emotionally , scene after scene , without any mercy - but that 's just a testament to the brilliant direction , transformation-like performances , and unapologetic storytelling .
12 Years A Slave is one of those rare pieces of art that all its successors taking a shot at the same topic will be measured against .
A sobering slave narrative recounting a recorded , real-life case of inhuman bondage .
McQueen and Ridley seem determined to obliterate any lingering Gone With the Wind-inspired notions that the antebellum South was a place of grace and charm , or that slavery was , in the euphemism of the day , merely a `` peculiar institution . ''
There 's none of Django Unchained 's revenge fantasies or tomfoolery here , only a sober depiction of the cruelty and oppression that defined a long and very ugly chapter of American history .
A sobering drama about racism and slavery that will sear your soul and set you thinking about the shadow side of American history .
The drooping Spanish moss is about the only visual icon that this film shares with Gone With the Wind .
Watching this brutal kidnapping and torture , it is impossible not to be similarly haunted by US atrocities today that continue under a sinister cloak of legality . From Abu Ghraib and Guantanamo , to the disappeared into secret US prisons around the world .
I already feel like I have to defend myself for saying it 's just good .
In many ways , Northrup , an educated free man , is the ideal avatar for the modern audience . He , like us , does not come to slavery naturally or easily .
Believe the Oscar buzz . Britain 's Steve McQueen -LRB- Hunger , Shame -RRB- nails the horror of America 's slavery shame but also finds humanity in one man 's determination to free himself and return to his family .
Steve McQueen 's impersonal approach to his subject matter is n't solely to blame for the failure of 12 Years a Slave , a safely anecdotal mosaic closer in spirit to Edward P. Jones 's The Known World than to Toni Morrison 's radically constructed Beloved .
There are powerful moments in 12 Years a Slave , but they tend to happen on the margins of the action .
It 's not too soon to call 12 Years a Slave a great film-ruined , tremulously sad , surreal in its evil .
In the epic form of 12 Years a Slave , his most approachable , emotional film , McQueen escalates the tension .
12 Years a Slave is a movie about a life that gets taken away , and that 's why it lets us touch what life is .
`` 12 Years '' is a powerful drama driven by McQueen 's bold direction and the finest performance of Chiwetel Ejiofor 's career .
A strong , involving , at times overstated telling of an extraordinary life story .
Equally grisly and beautiful , '12 Years ' is the reason why films are made . A movie you must-see , no matter how gory or violent . McQueen strangles the psychosis of racism , forcing the viewer to witness ugliness with no escape . A modern day masterpiece .
It 's a story that transcends the typical expectations of the slave narrative , a story that indeed is n't about a slave but a man , a human being , fighting for his soul .
This magnificent , shocking work is likely to become a sort of reference text about the horrors of one of the darkest chapters in America 's history .
... refuses to take the easy road .
Using his signature visual composition and deafening sound design , McQueen portrays the harrowing realism of Northrup 's experience and the complicated relationships between master and slave , master and master , slave and slave , and so on .
Using his signature visual composition and deafening sound design , Steve McQueen portrays the harrowing realism of Northrup 's experience and the complicated relationships between master and slave , master and master , slave and slave , and so on .
It 's the nobility of this remarkable film that pierces the soul .
Stark , visceral and unrelenting , 12 Years a Slave is not just a great film but a necessary one .
An engrossing , unsentimental odyssey that finds Steve McQueen moving away from the intimate approach of his first two films for a broader canvas and a more sweeping narrative .
A film that will no doubt come to be known as the definitive movie on slavery in America . It 's something everyone should be obligated to see , as it conveys the nightmare of that period in a real , affecting , personal way .
This might just be one of the most powerful films you ever watch
Hunger and Shame were mimetic where 12 Years a Slave is diegetic .
This epic account of an unbreakable soul makes even Scarlett O'Hara 's struggles seem petty by comparison .
A more conventional effort than ` Hunger ' or ` Shame , ' but it 's every bit as searing and tough-minded , and hardly less challenging .
Northup 's story was a true , terrible thing , and by virtue of telling it , the burdens of all American slaves are unflinchingly realized by Ejiofor and McQueen alike .
... a particularly noteworthy advancement in McQueen 's already impressive filmography that funnels the cerebral formalism of his earlier features into a deeply involving survival narrative .
Amistad meets the Marquis de Sade , in the form of slavemaster Michael Fassbender , who puts his victims through more tortures than Mel Gibson ever could have imagined for Jesus .

@highlight

It 's far from comfortable viewing , but 12 Years a Slave 's unflinchingly brutal look at American slavery is also brilliant -- and quite possibly essential -- cinema .