A movie directed by a woman , written by a woman , based on books written by a woman , starring young women with minorities and older women as supporting cast ? Give it a chance .
The plot of this movie remains a fantasy whipped up for the sole and express pleasure of 16-year-old girls .
While Pants 2 is n't quite the comfy fit that the original Pants was , its charming cast and sunny spirit are still magical .
A sharper eye on developing the themes and characters might have produced a compelling character drama but The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants 2 is a good bit better than average . There are n't many sequels that can say that .
A satisfying sequel involves us in the ups and downs of four young women as they try to find themselves
A good fit for its audience .
Very much a loyal sequel to its predecessor , essentially showing that if it ai n't broke , do n't fix it .
The emotionally fragile foursome try out higher education for size , along with those transient pants . Sex And The UniverCity Meets My Big Fat Greek Shotgun Wedding .
Traveling Pants 2 offers more of the same and , I 'm afraid , more of the same and more of the same .
Most sequels are worse than the originals . A few are better . Here 's one that is exactly as good as the one that inspired it , and that 's enough for me .
These Pants are torn and frayed .
This movie is definitely not as good as the first as it seemed to lack showing the bonding moments that made these girls true friends .
what was fresh in the original is stale in the sequel
I imagine if I were a woman , this movie would receive a very favorable review . However , I 'm just a fat guy from Ohio .
You believe these four are friends now and will probably be friends when they 're little old ladies .
Teenage girls -LRB- and women getting in touch with their inner teenager -RRB- will have a fine time ...
It 's a film that probably will please its targeted viewer more than it did me .
Packed with emotions and the angst of growing up , `` The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants 2 '' fits an older audience than the first movie .
By ending it at number two , the filmmakers have insured that this series wo n't be subject to the laws of most franchises and grow shoddier as it creaks along .
America Ferrera projects such star power here that I felt cheated when the camera moved to other characters . The rest of the film seemed to drag for me .
It 's a big story , one filled with enough life lessons and tears to come apart at the seams , but the good news is that it does n't .
There 's sex and the city -LRB- New York -RRB- . But the most enjoyable girls-night-out movie of the summer deals with young , fledgling love .
There 's scant sisterhood or pants , but these chicas do travel .
It does n't measure up to The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants . Which is sort of like saying Rocky V was n't as good as Rocky IV . Sort of .
Masterfully directed in cutting fashion by Sanaa Hamri -- no scene seems to last more than a couple of minutes , and then the pants come into play -- the story has been superbly brought to the screen by Elizabeth Chandler , and the four lead actresses are all t
Ann Brashares ' novel is brought to life in this sequel with the same heart , earnestness and , let 's face it , saccharine sweetness of the 2005 original .
I was n't a film critic when the first one came out , which was a great excuse not to see it . However , I liked the sequel so much that I am running to the video store right now to rent it .
Seriously , this sounds like The Young and the Restless .
What had once seemed like a fresh alternative to the usual tween-girl movie has begun to fray .
Like its predecessor , Sisterhood 2 is based on two radical ideas : namely , that young women 's stories are about more than the pursuit of men , and that happiness is n't something someone else gives you -- it 's something you have to find for yourself .
Turns out to be a lot less tiresome than it sounds , aided by a wonderfully appealing cast and a strong message .
Four college friends bound by a pair of magical pants have adventures and kiss boys , in this syrupy , neutered chick flick suitable for 13-year-olds .
Screenwriter Elizabeth Chandler gracefully condenses three of Ann Brashares 's best-selling teen novels , striking the right balance between humor and pathos as the characters cope with jealousy , heartbreak , family conflicts , and a pregnancy scare .
The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants 2 is n't interested in depth , and it does n't trust what it has ; its only interest is in achieving the absolute peak level of female camaraderie , nostalgic sentimentality , and emotional catharsis .
As chick flicks go , this is one men can attend with the expectation that they might just enjoy experiencing two hours alongside these down-to-earth , appealing characters .
for its target audience it 's going to prove even better than finding that perfect pair of pants in your size .
This movie is n't made for me , so I hate it . I guess I need more explosions or grown men wearing superhero costumes to be more interested .
Simply a sweet and satisfying time in the company of characters we like and understand .
Charts the difficulties four young women have in keeping alive their friendship and the ritual that animates it .
In the end it has a nice lesson about life and friendship , but man ! The trip there is so superficial and sappy that it 's not much fun at all .
A distractingly kaleidoscopic look at four familiar coming-of-age adventures .
The movie equivalent of being patted on the shoulder by an encouraging high school guidance counselor and assured that you are doing just fine .
Even cynics might concede that , again , four capable actresses have pulled off a relatively rare thing : They 've convinced us they 're an honest-to-God movie sisterhood .
Fans of the first one should like it .
This is pure , escapist fun -- skepticism and naysaying are best left at home .
The saga of the well-worn jeans on the move continues to be a warm and pleasantly diverting tale .
Tamblyn , Lively , Ferrara and Bledel have a sparkling chemistry that transcends the subpar material , and the Greek-island conclusion is so picturesque you can almost overlook the predictable histrionics .
Three years have passed , but the pants still fit .
A likable movie that ultimately confirms the importance of women 's friendship .
It 's enjoyable , though , even if it 's extremely slight .
Chandler 's multilayered script , unusually thoughtful for a teen flick , returns again and again to the notion that friends are there to offer support .
It 's a relief to go to the movies and see teenage girls acting like teenage girls , as opposed to grown women acting like teenage girls .
A sequel that actually improves , slightly , on the boy-crazy original .
The film ends by closing the door on future sequels , which is probably fine . Everyone here looks like they 've learned their lesson and can now move on .
Sensitively directed by Sanaa Hamri , The Sister of the Traveling Pants 2 demonstrates that not only is sisterhood powerful , it can be awfully entertaining .
No matter how serious the subject matter , this is an unabashed fantasy for tweens and teens .
Although I ultimately enjoyed it , I left wishing the filmmakers had taken better advantage of this chemistry .
Members of the sisterhood are often getting upset for one baffling reason or another .
The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants 2 is so fixed on representing the range of the girls ' experiences that they spend precious little time together .
Pants is less interested in sisterhood and navigating young adulthood than it is in selling glossy girl fantasies of exotic locales and bodacious boyfriends .
Much of the youthful Sisterhood energy that made myself fall in love with the first , feel-good film falls by the wayside as the girls approach that tiresome phase known as adulthood .
Their tear-jerking adventures -LSB- are -RSB- appealing to even the staunchest chick-lit antagonist .
Teen drama still fits the second time around .
There 's a thin line between jeans that are well worn and jeans that are ratty and used up , and Traveling Pants 2 crosses that line .
When Ferrera and Tamblyn are center stage , the film does hold our interest .
You 've got to admire a franchise targeted to adolescent girls that is hiply aware of its characters ' humor and hankerings and is n't the least bit embarrassed by their smarts and achievements .
The film evokes memories of old Hollywood melodrama classics like Peyton Place and Imitation of Life , the ruby red smile on my face when it was over so permanent one could almost accuse it of being plastic .
... that rare sequel that not only stands up to its predecessor , but slightly surpasses it .
It 's a movie that recognizes our flaws , but tells us we can rise above them -- and when we do , what we find will be worth it .
The talented young actresses and a quartet of appealing swain make this story 's travels between laughter and tears a journey worth taking .
Despite my misgivings I was gleefully , guiltily glad to see them all again .
An unnecessary continuation that is strangely dour and populated by a quartet of actresses who seem as if they would rather be doing anything than living up to their contractual obligations to appear in a sequel now that they have better things to do
Holds little of the charm and unexpected emotional heft of its predecessor , which mostly avoided the kind of empty girly crap that abounds here .
The first movie created wonderful characters , well worth caring about , but its sequel certainly did n't . How could they have gone so wrong ?
Resist if you dare .
A solid if not wholly necessary sequel , but Carmen , Tibby , Lena and Bridget are so pleasant to spend a couple hours with that it hardly matters .
Second time around , the magic jeans are an even better fit .
Granted , I 'm miles outside of the target demographic , and certainly Traveling Pants 2 will make for awesome pajama party fodder , but the bloodless nature of this sequel is tiresome to witness .
Like Sex and the City , this one is strictly for the already-converted .
As harmless and predictable as an episode of ` The Facts of Life ' -LRB- although I do n't think any of Mrs. Garrett 's girls ever had a pregnancy scare -RRB- .
It 's hard to get too involved in the story lines , which unfold like four half-hour television series quilted together . And the stakes are generally low : Which hunk to choose ?
The sisters can go their separate ways , no doubt keeping in touch by e-mail , and congratulating themselves on being infinitely better than the Ya-Ya Sisterhood .
Are n't these ladies too old for this ?
You just wish it were a more comfortable fit .
Despite the flaws , the movie is reasonably pleasant most of the time . Some of that is leftover goodwill from the first film , but it is also a tribute to the four starring actresses .
-LSB- T -RSB- he fact that the jeans are entirely incidental to everything happening here is the least of its problems ...
Provides a strong showcase for four deserving actresses and healthy lessons for an underserved audience of girls and young women .
A straight line in desperate need of curves . Of course , if the movie understood curves the whole four different-shaped-gals-sharing-jeans thing would n't really work .
... rife with soap-opera simplicities , yet Ferrera 's plucky smile and Tamblyn 's sardonic sneer manage to redeem them .
A shiny , buoyant movie about young women that gives them actual personalities and brains
-LSB- T -RSB- his sequel to the 2005 sleeper hit feels like the Teen People version of an old Hollywood `` women 's picture , '' the sort of vehicle that kept Joan Blondell and Ann Sothern busy before and during World War II .
The communication mode in the story is no longer novel , but like the first film , the significance of the sequel is more sociological than artistic .
Sisterhood furthers an honest dialogue among young women , for whom life roads are not always clearly paved . It 's definitely not The Baby-Sitters Club -- and that 's a good thing .
Hamri 's film barely incorporates the pants into any of its primary storylines , so busy is it struggling to keep track of the many peripheral characters and subplots which crop up around each corner .
The four leads are all capable stewards of their characters , each with their own sunniness and charm .
A shapely sequel that retains much of the sparkle and warmth that made the original such a pleasant surprise .
With very little sex and very little city , The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants 2 still seems a good bet to grab a sizable chunk of the underserved chick-flick demographic .


@highlight

The workable chemistry among the four leads combined with the enriching message make for a winning Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants 2 .