Kids will certainly love the hijinks , but parents , especially members of Generation X , might want to join in for a movie that subtly and shrewdly revisits the John Hughes classic Ferris Bueller 's Day Off .
Borrow a young relative for cover if you must , but believe me , you are not too cool for a kid 's movie when it 's this much fun .
Shaun the Sheep : The Movie , -LSB- is -RSB- a children 's film that 's pure joy .
Shear entertainment .
The Shaun the Sheep movie wo n't change the world , but it should act as a wake up call for any animator who sees it - to stop pandering to your audiences and concentrate on entertaining them .
Aardman is at its best with visual thrills , but even its best efforts ca n't bolster a questionable script .
The team at Aardman is back with Shaun the Sheep , another endlessly delightful animal romp based on the 2007 television series .
Such technical brilliance from Aardman Animations should be no surprise by this stage . What really hits you is the persistent level of charm and hilarity as it coasts along .
It 's typical Aardman stuff , playful , inventive and funny .
Shaun the Sheep Movie is filled with the usual Aardman stop-motion magic ; animals with human emotions , plenty of sight gags and cultural references , and British wit that appeals to young kids and adults .
... after a wobbly first act , the narrative hits its stride and runs smoothly to a successful finish , delivering delightful entertainment on the way .
It is pure experience , a meticulously and joyously composed ride through a story that explores a full range of human emotion .
Another charmer from Aardman .
An irresistible gem of sweetness and concision .
An exceedingly delightful animated film ...
This is one of the best of the Aardman animated features , very similar to the better Wallace and Gromit stories . It is fast-paced and has sharply-defined characters . It is witty and funny without being mean-spirited .
This endearing piece of animated handicraft is the rare movie that 's legitimately ` fun for the whole family . '
... there is no denying the silly pleasures of its modest offerings -LRB- or the painstaking , dollhouse detail that went into each frame -RRB- .
A heartwarming , stop-action adventure apropos for the whole family
Should we consider the Shaun the Sheep Movie an art film ? Look at it this way . It 's foreign -LRB- British -RRB- . It 's subversively funny . And it tells its story without one word of dialogue .
It 's not just fun , the characters and their beheaviour in front of adversity , allow the film to transcend as a deep film with a strong message . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The focus on slapstick animal antics means this is aimed at kids , but there 's plenty to like for adults as well , especially animation buffs .
The fact that there 's almost no dialogue only makes the message of the animation stronger . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A masterpiece of stop-motion animation . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A fun comedy with enough humor for the whole family . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Mark Burton and Richard Starzak directed something so good I can say it 's even better than Pixar 's Inside Out . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A movie full of life , humor and great ideas that also makes social commentary through funny animals . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
We are once again . witnessing stop-motion animation in all it 's glory . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The movie fulfills it 's two main goals : to entertain kids but also teach them a lesson of value . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Inocente , doce e divertido .
Shaun The Sheep brings a simple but effective story that 's able to capture younger spectators and a message to adults about breaking routine . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Nothing out of the ordinary , except that truth the Marx Brothers have taught us : laughing is the most subversive act there is . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A cinematic delight that without being entirely original is hard to top . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An excellent choice for kids and adults . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Shaun will awaken the inner-tot in adults , and the inner-adult in tots .
Running to a brisk 85 minutes , the movie never wastes a second .
Unsurprisingly , this picture is beautiful , clever and a great new addition to the prestigious Aardman catalogue .
Shaun the Sheep has finally been given his own movie , and it scores a telling victory for this winningly winsome woolly jumper .
Shaun the Sheep is a deceptively simple character , and Shaun the Sheep Movie is a deceptively simple film .
The Shaun the Sheep Movie manages to be smart , moving and hilarious without the inclusion of a single word of dialogue .
All in all , there are enough animal high jinks here to make at least a temporary vegetarian out of the most dedicated mutton-lover .
It is properly , hilariously inspired , and if this film can be classified as silent comedy , which I think it can despite all the grunts and squeaks in place of dialogue , then it deserves to be ranked with the best of Charlie Chaplin and Buster Keaton .
Richly detailed , the dialogue-free adventure serves as a tribute to the visual ingenuity of silent cinema .
This droll , sweetly hilarious movie plays like the triumphant return of the silent comedy of Buster Keaton .
As a silent the film is almost entirely limited to sight gags , and they come thick and fast . And most of the gags work .
Moderately successful attempt to capture the spirit of silent movie comedy with claymation sheep . More clever than outright funny .
Shaun the Sheep Movie lacks the go-for-broke genius of the Wallace and Gromit works , but that 's not so say it is n't consistently inventive and entertaining .
A heartwarming , fun , smart experience is kneaded into a simple , delightful and insightful story .
All in all , fun viewing for kids .
Give me a Shaun action-figure tie-in over Minions Tic-Tacs or Icees any day .
`` Shaun the Sheep Movie '' is a totally engaging , delightfully clever bit of filmmaking . The stop-motion clay animation is seamless and flawless .
Small kids will giggle at some of the antics of the stop-motion animated figures , while adults will marvel at the exceedingly clever attention to detail the filmmakers achieved .
Through silence and vivid details , it was able to create an experience that was not only silly but also beautiful .
There 's not much substance here , but it does n't really matter . Shaun the Sheep Movie is filled with funny slapstick hijinks and clever bits of humor .
Amusingly sweet - it 's a wild and wooly adventure that 's shear fun for very young children .
There are no words . And I mean that in a good way .
Plenty of bigger , more grown-up movies could learn a thing or two from its humanity .
Shaun The Sheep is suitable entertainment for anyone who likes to laugh out loud .
A joyous mix of simple family-friendly narrative and a no-nonsense duck being paid off for his part in a scheme with slices of bread .
Witty and sly , drawing on Chaplin , Keaton and Tati for inspiration and tickling the senses with its labor-intensive , tactile claymation .
Tons of barn-animal fun in sweet stop-motion adventure .
It 's slapstick , pantomime , facial expressions , exaggeration . It 's camera movement , staging , set design . It 's visual storytelling . It 's the art of film at its purest .
The filmmakers SHOW US everything with a number of excellent slap-stick sequences that convey the message as well as one loaded with exposition .
Visually appealing and animal friendly , Shaun the Sheep celebrates summer - a break in the routine , loving it on the lam .
A vacation from the massive summer blockbusters dominating the Cineplex .
The movie employs simple storytelling and uncomplicated morality that can engage young filmgoers , but has enough visual interest , gentle humor , and pop culture gags to at least mildly entertain adult chaperones .
The sight gags are so meticulously designed that they often recall Rube Goldberg inventions ; much of the fun derives from seeing how the filmmakers pull off their elaborate comic scenarios .
Anyone who does n't have a grand time watching ` Shaun the Sheep Movie ' is suffering from a fractured funny bone that needs to be reset .
Grownups will enjoy every delicious irony and twisted sight gag that floats over kids ' heads . If the brats do n't get the shout-outs to The Night of the Hunter , The Silence of the Lambs and Scorsese 's Cape Fear , let them suck on it .
Another adorably quirky stop-motion animated film from Aardman .
Aardman continues its tradition of excellence in comedic animation with this charmingly well-woven caper .
What 's ultimately endearing about Shaun the Sheep Movie is its message of loyalty and devotion . The resourcefulness and tenacity with which Shaun searches for the man he once took for granted is genuinely touching .
an energetic and charming romp through the claymation countryside
The world of Shaun the Sheep puts a smile on my face before anything even happens .
People looking for family entertainment that the whole family actually can enjoy will want to put this one on their list .
Aardman 's work is immediately recognizable and enjoyable , even in a minor key effort like Shaun the Sheep Movie .
Genius . Seriously .
Clever bits , sight gags and situational slapstick will appeal to both kids and adults , especially the flock 's problems carrying out smart sheep Shaun 's elaborate schemes .
Who needs words when every frame is worth a thousand of them ?
The movie could be studied as an encyclopedia of sight gags , most of which are well executed , if not entirely original -LRB- which wo n't matter to small-fry viewers -RRB- .
A dialogue-free , non-digitally designed , plain old stop-motion animated film that is hilarious beyond human measure .
Like a great amusement park ride , Shaun the Sheep Movie is consistently enjoyable .
Every once in a while , the movie delivers a laugh big enough to dwarf its more modest charms-further emphasizing that this is junior-level Aardman .
No clue what `` Shaun the Sheep '' is ? It really does n't matter here . After ten minutes , the whole gang will feel like old friends .
Some of the most pure visual storytelling you 're going to see this year .
For all the raucous , and beautifully choreographed slapstick , the best comedy comes from the characters themselves in a story that allows for exquisitely hilarious small moments that are the equal , if not the better , of the bigger ones
Like a great silent movie , it creates its pathos and comedy out of the concrete objects being animated , building elaborate gags involving everyday items transformed into Rube Goldberg devices .
Smart , delightful , witty , charming and amusing throughout . -LRB- Full Content Review -- Violence , Crude Humor , etc. -- for Parents also available -RRB-
As no-frills as Shaun the Sheep Movie is , it 's a winning and clever way to close out the summer family-movie season .
Shaun the Sheep is another great marriage of sly British wit and the character of stop-motion animation .
Shaun the Sheep Movie never quite reaches the heights of the Wallace & Gromit canon , but its joyous energy makes up for whatever the storyline lacks .
The best animated film of the year , another Aardman gem .
... its homage to silent film comedy -LRB- there is no dialogue , only sound affects , bleats and barks -RRB- means its stuffed full with gags old and new -LRB- watch for cat in a neck cone evoking Hannibal Lecter ! -RRB-
It 's a sporadically funny , constantly charming , but ultimately slight effort .
There 's no dialogue , yet the story comes through loud and clear . It 's exactly what ewe expect from Aardman Animation , the claymation geniuses who previously gave us the Wallace and Gromit series and `` Chicken Run . ''
Shaun the Sheep Movie proves silence can be golden if the story is laced with enough solid jokes and presented with a flock of clever characters . The beautiful craftsmanship of this film speaks for itself .
For those who decry the talkies as too -- well , talky -- feast your ears on Shaun the Sheep Movie , a glorious throwback to pre-computerized stop-motion animation and , even further , to before the dawn of spoken dialogue . Words can not describe its wonders .
It 's a light , breezy movie -- fluffy , you might say -- that is clearly suitable even for pre-verbal viewers .
Endlessly inventive and wildly funny , Shaun the Sheep Movie has the frenetic pacing of some silent comedy classic .
Shaun the Sheep is a sheer delight and an artistic achievement in animation .
If you do n't like Shaun the Sheep , then baa-ram-ewe !
`` Shaun the Sheep Movie '' delivers exactly what it promises : The cutest , most innocuous entertainment this side of Internet panda videos .
-LSB- A -RSB- brisk 85-minute serving of visually piquant capers ...
`` Shaun ' is n't quite as magical as `` Chicken Run '' or `` Curse of the Were-Rabbit , '' not amounting to much more than a series of gags . But they are brilliant gags , and come forth in giddy waves that easily sustain a feature-length film .
Children will find something classically resonant in the story - a desire for chaos and independence , balanced with the reassurance of order and security .
If you are looking for something a little different this summer , and a whole lot of fun , you will likely enjoy the delightful adventures of SHAUN THE SHEEP MOVIE .
the animators communicate so much through the almost microscopic adjustments of the wrinkles in a character 's forehead or shifting the angle of an eye . It reminds viewers that character animation is the art of caricatured movement , not sitcom wisecracks .
Hooves down the funniest animated movie of the year . Aardman has done it again - and brilliantly . Shear heaven for ` toon fans . Somewhere Jacques Tati and Charlie Chaplin are smiling just like me .
Playful , absurd and endearingly inventive , this unstoppably amusing feature reminds us why Britain 's Aardman Animations is a mainstay of the current cartooning golden age .
Refreshingly for children -LRB- but especially for adults -RRB- , there are no lessons to learn and no faults to admonish . Instead , it 's an 84-minute , dialogue-free distillation of all the innocent fun we wish childhood could be .
Should enchant kids of single-digit age and any adults who find themselves with said kids-and it 's also a great way of introducing children to the joys of silent film .
It uses its own unique look , and the occasional lapse into the language of the action adventure , to turns frowns upside down
The movie is based on a British TV series , and if the individual sheep characters are not as well defined here as they are in that long-running show , their general irresistibility comes through .
Come back to the big city - and the big screen - anytime , Shaun .
A wordless delight ... unfailingly charming and comically inventive .
For a film without words , the story speaks volumes .
`` Shaun the Sheep Movie '' may be less elaborate than Aardman masterpieces like `` Curse of the Were-Rabbit '' , but there 's still much to enjoy . It 's not often you see a cartoon that references both `` Night of the Hunter '' and `` Silence of the Lambs . ''
It 's a long series of cleverly orchestrated and very successful jokes supported by a very sweet story , and ewe are going to love it .
Rarely do things get as inspired as in the ` Wallace & Gromit 's . The vibe is one of modesty and relaxation , as though it will settle for a smile permanently plastered on your face rather than sporadic guffaws .
Can a viewer die of excessive cuteness ? That 's the most concerning question plaguing the otherwise adorable , slight `` Shaun the Sheep Movie , '' which does risk being cloying but mostly moves along with a wry smile on its face .
It has generous lashings of Aardman Animations ' trademark warmth , visual inventiveness , and satisfying Claymation tactility .
Add `` Shaun the Sheep Movie '' to your list of summer screenings . Ewe 'll be glad you did .
Clocking in at a slim 85 minutes , the whole thing flies by quite pleasingly , a warm and funny feature that reasserts the value of high quality visuals and attention to detail .
Even with its stream of visual puns , there 's no denying its humongous bleating heart .
Funny , witty and delightful . Kids will love it !
Shear delight
The visual jokes come thick and fast .
A fitting tribute to the zany worlds of Jacques Tati and his unspoken , bumbling Monsieur Hulot as well as the silent movie stars and comedies that came from the silent era onwards .
A near-brilliant , dialogue-free , stop-motion feature-length animation based on the TV kids show . Much noise is made , but not a word is spoken as Shaun and his woolly pals leave the safety of their farm and head into the netherworld of the nearby town .
Shaun the Sheep Movie is truly remarkable all-ages film making .
It 's essentially a silent movie ... -LSB- Mark Burton and Richard Starzak -RSB- evoke the world of the great slapstick comedians , from Charles Chaplin and Buster Keaton to Jacques Tati . And they do so with considerable skill .
Shear away an imaginative adventure , and you 're left with fluffy fun but lazy fare ...
Well now , here 's a good yarn , the feature debut of Shaun the Sheep , the biggest stop-motion star to come along in animation since Wallace and Gromit .
If a sharper comedy is released this year I 'll believe it when I see it .
The wonderful English eccentricity of Aardman 's Wallace and Gromit captured our hearts and minds ; there is still a trace of all that here but not the distinctive personas nor the full bottle of wit
Yardman animation that relies on simple ideas , keenly observed action and a flock of humour . But do n't set your expectations too high
The film 's heart is in the right place , and it serves as a sweet antidote to the slick , computer animated family entertainment of the now , so be sure to grab a child and check it out on the big screen .
It does n't scale the same heights of the studio 's Wallace and Gromit movies but is guaranteed to delight the children .
Smart , funny , big-hearted , endlessly inventive and quintessentially British , this timeless , stop-motion adventure is a shear delight from start to finish .
With the animators ' thumbprints everywhere in evidence , this is properly tactile fare ; I could feel it scrubbing my soul clean like a cinematic pumice stone .
Even without a single word of spoken dialogue , this film has more charm and energy than most Hollywood blockbusters . But then the voice cast supplies all manner of moans , chuckles , grunts and sighs to let us know what the characters are thinking .
Charming in that gloriously detailed Aardman way , but with its simple slapstick humor , it 's strictly for the littlest tykes .
The stop-motion techniques used by Aardman animation remain as appealing as ever , giving life to Heath Robinson-style contraptions , clever visual gags and characters .
Aardman 's latest stop-motion animated feature is a rarity : a film aimed at very young kids that will delight adults , too .
While Shaun the Sheep Movie is unlikely to match Paddington at the box office , it adds weight to the argument that there is a mini renaissance in family filmmaking in the UK at the moment .
Mossy Bottom Farm 's mischief-maker bounds effortlessly onto the big screen in this fun-packed yarn from Aardman .
Primarily aimed at younger fans , who wo n't go home disappointed .
The gorgeous big-screen version of Aardman 's TV hit has been carried off with faultless professionalism .
These sheep defy the stereotype . They are fiercely individual and resourceful . It 's the humans who look like conformists .
Aardman 's newest animation feature is funny , endearing and a shear delight .
This delectable tale of a stop-motion sheep in the city reminds us why Aardman Animation are a national treasure .
Shaun might be a slimline affair and geared predominantly towards the very young , but its heart and warmth elevate it above animations with bigger budgets and ambition .
Is there a safer bet than an Aardman film ? Shaun the Sheep Movie delivers on everything we 've come to expect from the studio , giving us a delightful animated flick that 's great fun for all audiences .
Tightly packed with charm .
Only Aardman could find an irresistible movie in industrial amounts of clay and a story of an amnesiac farmer and his flock at loose in the big city .
A treat for adults and children alike .
Benign , animal-based hi-jinks , frantic chases along country lanes , a constant soundtrack of squeaks , grunts and snorts , beautifully rendered stop-motion , all drenched in a haze of geniality and glee .
The animation itself is pleasingly tactile and hand posed , up to Aardman 's usual high standards .
The wonder of stop-motion is the mountain of effort required to achieve even the smallest movement . The charm of Shaun the Sheep is that you do n't notice it for a moment .
A sweet-natured but cleverly off-kilter feature-length debut for Aardman Animations ' plucky farmyard hero .
It is sophisticated yet innocent , and while always accessible for young fans it never suffers from a lack of dialogue , with the straightforward and breezy story easy to follow and fun to enjoy .

@highlight

Warm , funny , and brilliantly animated , Shaun the Sheep is yet another stop-motion jewel in Aardman 's family-friendly crown .