Wenders does n't miss the opportunity to announce , via a closing title , that `` The destruction of nature can be reversed '' . Human nature , The Salt of the Earth suggests , could also use a rethink .
It is often not an easy movie to watch .
It 's hard not to wonder if -LSB- Sebastião Salgado -RSB- ever felt guilty that he had so much when they had so little , or maybe he thinks of himself more as an altruist than an artist , since he 's helped to share their plight with the world .
Overall , it 's a good introduction to the work of a man who 's been doing important , deeply moving work for decades .
A fine , educational piece of documentary here , and the most beautiful images you 'll see all season-with zero computer enhancement .
Disheartening and uncomfortable at times , The Salt of the Earth forces its audience to confront images of a brutal , sometimes forgotten past , deconstructing any notion of an idealized , romantic history .
Wim Wenders came graceful once again achieving a splendid film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film that deconstructs the vision of an artist shocked by the horrors of humanity and yet finds beauty in all of it . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The Salt Of The Earth is a fairly conventional biography made somewhat more intimate by a wealth of stills and home-movie footage . But that formal simplicity is merely a way of ensuring its points land clearly and without interference .
Salt of the Earth is a self-serving and very family-sanctioned project , though not quite a chore to watch .
The Salt of the Earth should be required viewing for anyone with a serious interest in photography , and it will move those without one .
Wenders showcases his work while giving him a platform to express his philosophical and political views . The doc benefits from a subtly affecting use of music .
What Salgado reveals about himself through his work is thoroughly illuminating ...
Salgado proves an adept and compassionate storyteller , his training as an economist providing sociopolitical insight into the suffering -LRB- manmade rather than natural -RRB- that threatens to engulf his work .
Wenders introduces us to an intelligent , rigorous man who thinks hard about the structures that impose hardship on the powerless .
` Everyone should see these images to see how terrible our species is . ' Yet there is hope in this portrait of social photographer Sebastião Salgado , too .
Wim Wenders ' master stroke in The Salt of the Earth is to let the photographs of Sebastião Salgado speak for themselves .
The Salt of the Earth certainly wo n't be for everyone , but it offers a haunting , reflective , thought-provoking portrait of a remarkable individual .
Sebastião Salgado has spent his career documenting human suffering . And yet this quiet , dignified film about the 71-year-old will leave you twitching with envy . His , truly , has been a life well-lived .
The standout images should stay with viewers for the foreseeable future .
Some of his Salgado 's depictions of human suffering are not for the faint-hearted but , like this fine film , demand to be seen . Unmissable .
Finally , it seems as if Salgado has gone beyond humanity in depicting the natural world : landscapes without people . His best work seems to transcend history itself .
Despite lacking any nods towards Salgado 's artistic influences , The Salt of the Earth leaves you both traumatised and tantalised ; his work can be difficult to take in at times , but there is no doubt you 're left wanting more .
... , professionally realized and appreciative , a humanist gloss on a major talent . It 's a good film , not a great one , that might have benefited from a little more distance from its admittedly charming subject .
Glorious to look at -- at least when it sticks to black and white -- and keenly perceptive , this is n't your standard documentary for most of its length .
After an awkward first act , The Salt of the Earth settles into a comfortable rhythm , following Salgado 's nomadic career across several continents , from the gold mine at Serra Pelada to the Kurdish refugee camps .
Salgado 's later portraits of reptiles , gorillas , walruses and other animals provide evidence of a kinship with humankind that explains the moral urgency of his environmental activism .
Salgado has been called a voyeur of global pain . Does his work objectify suffering ? Is it grief porn ? Does the photographer overtly anesthetize human misery ? I believe beauty and great pain can coexist without one trivializing the other .
A fascinating kind of commentary track to a stunning visual arts exhibition .
Co-directors Wim Wenders and Juliano Ribeiro Salgado have made a beautiful film about a beautiful man who took both beautiful and intentionally unbeautiful pictures .
A reminder that human nature is inextricably entwined with nature itself , and is therefore as capable of creation as it is destruction .
It 's most insightful in the presentation of its subject 's iconic pictures and how it shapes his philosophy and artistic approach .
The Salt of the Earth travels to the heart of darkness , but thankfully comes out on the other side and leaves you with a hopefulness that no matter what kind of madness and repression happen in the world , there is still hope for humanity .
Stunning imagery and a stirring story , about Sebastiao Salgado and his 40-odd years of shooting global catastrophe .
The ubiquitous `` Ken Burns effect '' of panning and zooming across still images is mercifully absent here . The result feels more like an exhibit .
`` The Salt of the Earth '' presents not just a passing of time through one man 's remarkable life but a change of perspective .
Whether capturing human anguish or natural wonders , Salgado has an eye for the transcendent .
The Salt of the Earth is many things : beautiful , horrifying , moving , stunning . But at its heart , it 's deeply humanistic .
The authenticity and artistry of the images in `` The Salt of the Earth '' can not be denied . In any context , they 'd be unforgettable .
The Salt of the Earth is a celebration of the power of art to change the world , as well as an exploration of the considerable toll gifted artists sometimes pay for their talents .
It presents us with the portrait of a man who started out as an economist , discovered his vocation , travelled the world , immersed himself in his self-imposed task and encountered extremes of human behaviour .
There is , ironically , a kind of raw beauty in many of these images , even the ones that portray human suffering and death at its most grotesque .
The Salt Of The Earth is nothing short of fascinating , intimate and moving ; yet at times , it 's a bleak and often harrowing journey that exposes both the strength and weakness of mankind .
The film takes its time , and even seems to meander in places . But in retrospect , the path becomes clear : winding steadily towards home .
The Salt of the Earth , has the power to draw you into its world , transfix , and perhaps eventually transform you .
Direct-to-camera testimonials are the movie 's troubled heart , and raise the inescapable question of what happens to a soul when it gets to the point where it 's simply seen too much .
The film is at times too much in awe of its subject , failing to seriously address oft-expressed criticism that Salgado is a voyeur of global pain . But he 's willing to get his hands dirty for real change .
The combination of talents and temperaments of two great artists makes for a work of such beauty and depth that is , indeed , breathtaking .
It is a fascinating film , and if it skimps somewhat on the moral complications of this kind of art , it holds nothing back in terms of volume : Image after image grabs our eye and often grips our throat .
The Salt of the Earth lets us look for a long time and consider Sebastião Selgado 's photography in the same way Selgado might
This moving , Oscar-nominated documentary is an odyssey of a tragic observer .
For this career-spanning documentary , director Wim Wenders accompanies the photographer on his travels , the color documentary footage punctuated by Salgados 's stunning , minutely detailed black-and-white images .
There are just as many breathtaking moments to be found in the film as there are in the work it 's about .
Is what we see grief porn or an epic , careerlong study in the best and worst we can find on Earth ? See the film and decide for yourself .
The Salt of the Earth is too stagnant on its own terms ...
Two masters meet , the result is glorious , rich with the contradiction of Salgado 's work : beautiful images of the terror of man 's suffering on earth .
The Salt of the Earth is a unique exhibition of beautiful photography , with immaculately filmed glimpses into social issues photographer Sebastião Salgado 's thoughts and process .
Wenders , hoping to illuminate not just these images but the man who made them , has found an intriguing way to capture both Salgado and his work simultaneously .
... a picture of the brutal life of survival in the worlds far beyond our shores ... disasters , international conflicts , starvation , and exodus , even showing the Zo ' é tribe hunting in the uncharted rainforest ... a mesmerizing film not to be missed .
Given this fractured-three-ways perspective , it 's surprising how smoothly The Salt of the Earth moves , how gracefully it switches back and forth between the personal and the objective .
Most of the photographs on view in The Salt of the Earth bear witness to great suffering , and what they exalt is not the photographer 's eye but the fearful humanity that binds us all .
It looks lovely , yet Wenders ' worshipful account of Salgado the man feels like a tale half told .
Years are of necessity telescoped into a hundred nine cinema minutes , through selected representative images .
Wenders trains his camera on photographer Sebastiao Salgado and the result , though not without flaws , is an invigorating and interesting observation of the man , his work and the entire medium of photography .
The film is suffused with his anguish over the state of our species , and our planet . Yet it ends with a change of heart and a turn of events that make a plausible case for hope .
In lesser hands , The Salt Of The Earth could have been indistinguishable from a magazine or online multimedia profile , with no specific life as a film .
Wenders 's reverent enthusiasm for his subject is evident throughout the film , and he details every chapter of Salgado 's life with an acolyte 's inability to separate the wheat from the chaff .
The film is , in large part , a story of an artist rediscovering his muse .
With this heartbreaking yet hopeful new documentary about his life 's work , Salgado shares the stories behind these split-second black-and-white moments , giving them even more dimension .
Wim Wenders delivers another generously appreciative fellow-artist collaboration with this luminous portrait of epic photographer Sebastião Salgado .
In a sense this is another Wenders road movie , only it spans an entire life and winds up in locations even more far-flung than usual .
Many of the images - and Salgado 's accounts of taking them - are as soul-shattering as they are breathtaking .
The movie Wenders and Juliano have made is a tribute that feels both grand and modest in scale : Just as Salgado 's photographs do , it extends the notion of friends and family to include every citizen of the world .
It evolves into an intimate reverie on family and aesthetics , while remaining sporadically attuned to the reflexive and ethical dimensions of ethnographic discovery .
The documentary may skimp a little on the man , but his art is proudly front and center -- which , one suspects , is perhaps how he 'd prefer it .
Magnificent ! It 's a dazzling documentary , filled with indelible imagery .
A voyage into the surreal that stays in the mind , the heart and the throat for many weeks to come .
If you want to know what it takes to be a world-class photographer , you do n't want to miss this movie .
-LSB- Mr. Salgado 's -RSB- pictures , precisely because they disclose harsh and unwelcome truths , deserve a harder , more robustly critical look .
Whether you 're familiar with Salgado 's name and work or not , the documentary `` The Salt of the Earth , '' a popular prize-winner at Cannes and on the Oscar shortlist , will be a revelation .
A monumental documentary by Wim Wenders on the remarkable photography of Sebastiao Salgado whose work reveals a deep reverence for life .
The personal and the universal are combined in one , the very best that documentary can accomplish .
Quite simply the greatest film every made about the art of photography .
`` The Salt of The Earth '' is a mesmeric and unforgettable look at the world and it sufferings through the eyes of a remarkably insightful and honorable artist .
As a celebration of the photographic art of one remarkable contributor , The Salt of the Earth is unparallelled .
The documentary form seems to bring out the best in Wenders . The Salt Of The Earth is no exception ...
Wim Wenders confirms his mastery of the documentary form with this stunning ode to Sebastiao Salgado .
A moving tribute to a peerless talent .

@highlight

While the work it honors may pose thorny ethical questions that Salt of the Earth neglects to answer , it remains a shattering , thought-provoking testament to Sebastião Salgado 's career .