Ewing and Grady give you the numbers in Detropia . They give you the ruins , too-richly photographed by Tony Hardmon and Craig Atkinson and astonishingly well edited by Enat Sidi-but their main interest is far from prurient .
Detropia is everything you think it 's going to be : educational , emotional and highly depressing . Yet , Rachel Grady and Heidi Ewing 's documentary portrait of Detroit , America 's noted city of industry , is not a static picture of decay .
Bleak but aesthetically quenching documentary on how the once great industrial city of Detroit has in modern times become a car wreck .
A hard-hitting yet lyrical documentary about the current economic woes of once prosperous Detroit , an iconic American city .
A sobering , sentimental journey through crumbling Detroit -- but one lacking any real intellectual punch .
The film at its best is a sort of visual essay or tone poem composed of haunting , paradoxically beautiful images of urban ruin that sometimes appears almost post-apocalyptic ...
A fascinating portrait of a 21st-century post-industrial hellscape .
Detropia 's filmmakers stay out of the picture , hanging back to allow the viewer to absorb the meaning of Detroit 's fate . It is even more complex than we thought .
A startling , haunting documentary about a once-great city , `` Detropia '' is all but a eulogy for Detroit .
... will do little for Motor City tourism .
Detropia is a tone poem of a decaying city ...
Grady and Ewing , employing the observational , often visually poetic style that has become their trademark , capture this city at a crossroads .
Rachel Grady and Heidi Ewing , Oscar-nominated for their earlier Jesus Camp , aim a compassionate and artful lens in their new documentary Detropia , finding signs of life in the ruined city .
City services are shutting down , schools are closing , houses are being demo 'd by the thousands - like lights being turned out one by one , `` Detropia '' powerfully captures a city fighting not to go dark .
Artfully - perhaps too artfully - illustrates the transformation of the Motor City from a middle-class utopia to an urban nightmare of blight , crime and fleeing residents .
Just as the film finds an aesthetic in its dilapidated setting , the city 's residents find hope in a desperate place , a place that once represented hope itself .
` Detropia ' is a tone poem , an impressionistic mosaic that gives you a sense of the city and a pandemic of pessimism that challenges those who elect to stay .
The dreamlike visual approach makes for undeniably good cinema but as a meaningful examination of why Detroit unraveled , what it 's facing , and where it might go , it 's woefully inadequate portraiture .
The movie is heavy on statistics -LRB- all of them grim -RRB- , yet what lingers is an operatic sense of tragedy .
`` Detropia '' feels somewhere between loose -LRB- which is good -RRB- and aimless -LRB- which is n't -RRB- .
Via beautiful cinematography , the film wanders the city , contrasting a new automaker 's towers with abandoned hotels , derelict theaters , ruined houses and people walking through the snow down the middle of streets because there 's no traffic .
Grady and Ewing are exceptionally skilled and sensitive visual storytellers , adroit at recognizing decisive moments and smart enough to let viewers make of them what they will .
`` Detropia '' offers up a mirror to the country : This is what the future may look like . Now , what do you want to do about it ?
Makes a telling case that Detroit has gone beyond recession to a full-blown Depression , just like the 1930s .
This documentary film , about the deconstruction of a great American city , is surprisingly lyrical and often very moving .
A powerful documentary on the demise of the auto industry without Michael Moore 's mawkish Capraesque pieties about how Barack Obama will institute a new New Deal and return the working class to its gloried past .
Heidi Ewing and Rachel Grady evoke the human heart of the economic malaise that 's eating away at the core of this country , while pointing the way toward better days ahead .
Moving from union hall to town hall , from brutal salary negotiations to contentious plans to create urban farms out of concrete wasteland , the film listens and moves on .
What the movie captures overall looks like a scene from a sci-fi , postapocalyptic nightmare .
The brilliance with this one is pretty subtle , which ought to make it a film you want to watch over and over again .
... something of a tone poem soaked in the blues
At times , as Ewing and Grady 's cameras prowl its empty streets , the city seems like the world 's largest ghost town .
Imagine if Frederick Wiseman and David Lynch had a bastard child , and you 'll get a sense of the movie 's off-kilter aesthetic , a potent and pointed mix of firsthand observation and surreal flights of fancy .
Beautifully composed and purposefully edited to a haunting electronic score ...
Detropia seems to be looking for answers , but the ones it finds are too close to the surface to be satisfying .
A simultaneously surrealistic and sobering warning that the Motor City 's host of woes might be coming soon to a town near you !
A potent snapshot of a potential future for many American cities .
Doc about Detroit 's state of abandonment offers snapshots and sounds but little new information .



@highlight

Detropia takes a comprehensive yet intimate -- and above all devastatingly powerful -- look at the rise and economic ruin of an American city .