A miserable pathetic mean spirited effort on the Farrelly brothers ...
The dumbing down of the central joke just heightens its nastiness
... largely gross , mean-spirited , frustrating , and ugly .
If The Heartbreak Kid does n't go totally wrong , its big problem is that does n't really go anywhere . It just sort of lies there , like dumb Lila on the beach , waiting to turn gold .
-LSB- The -RSB- 2007 remake delivers a lot of laughs despite the fact we 're clearly supposed to root for and feel sorry for the cad ... no matter how squirmy or awful his actions .
Bobby and Peter Farrelly do n't bring any fresh insight or relevance to their remake of The Heartbreak Kid . Mainly , they 've taken a decent comedy and turned it into a. . . decent comedy .
If you watch this film , do n't expect much and you may not be too disappointed . Now there 's a ringing endorsement for ya !
The original 's premise has been stripped of anything to do with upward mobility , and except for one shot involving a Prince Albert , the Farrellys ' signature shock humor is largely absent .
It 's disappointing to see a comic talent like Ben Stiller slum it in these studio-grade romantic comedies .
It 's like watching the younger brother of There 's Something About Mary : it 's brash and talks too loud , it 's a bit snotty and it so wants to be as cool as its older sibling .
Beyond its contagious , wacky humour , the film has a very sweet heart
The elements with which the Farrellys transcend mere gross-out -- pacing , inspired and quirky performances , good writing with an underlying heart -- are missing here , which exposes the underlying creepiness at the heart of the film .
The cast is pitch perfect , with Stiller adding another notable character to his resumé .
Hard-R Farrelly bros. remake offers crude laughs .
Fairly entertaining .
Most jokes land with a thud -- particularly the gross-out gags , which nearly ten years after Mary now just feel played out .
The `` illegal alien '' gag is a lazy joke , contingent on ridiculing otherness in the most insipid ways . Bitches , Mexicans , they all be crazy .
This sporadically funny Farrellys farce is worth watching -LRB- mostly -RRB- for Stiller -LRB- Ben -RRB- and the game Akerman -LRB- Malin -RRB- in the leads .
Face it : If you 've seen one deviated septum gag , you 've seen them all .
Compared to past Farrelly movies , I found the jokes raunchy and cruel rather than funny .
The performances are almost uniformly engaging , with Stiller cycling through a catalog of sputtering resistance ploys that still work , no matter their familiarity .
There are enough really funny scenes to more than make up for the obnoxiousness and humourless stretches . Not exactly the ringing endorsement you 'd hope for .
Finally the gross exploitation picture that detractors have accused the Farrellys of perpetrating throughout their career .
... the movie unravels when the Farrellys ... begin grafting their own bright ideas onto the story ...
The Farrelly Brothers have a reputation for pushing the envelope ... but in the case of The Heartbreak Kid , they seem only marginally more daring than Robert Wise helming The Sound of Music .
Schizophrenics ! Quadriplegics ! We 've got roles for you!If you 're disabled and you have a SAG card . That 's how you wo n't feel ... so blue !
-LSB- A -RSB- hit-or-miss , not-as-bad-as-you 've - heard remake of the 1972 minor classic .
We deserve better than this and expect better from the Farrellys .
116 minutes of tedium punctuated with outbursts of tastelessness .
Despite some sizeable flaws , I still recommend the movie for what it is : a laugh machine .
It just falls flat , flat , flat .
The Heartbreak Kid is better than I expected , but since I expected it to be a horrific failure , that is n't saying much .
An unwatchable mess like this is exactly what you ought to expect from anybody with the unmitigated gall to overhaul Neil Simon .
It 's done in bad taste , but unlike their past few films , I must admit that I laughed this time out .
Sometimes the Farrelly Brothers are spot-on when they write a comedy . And sometimes they miss the humor target more than they hit it .
There are a few hilarious scenes but no character we care about , making this remake inferior to Elaine May 's 1972 film .
Will the Farrellys mine enough gross-out scenes to generate a box-office buzz ? The idea that they wo n't is the air of desperation that hangs over the movie and which , too often , suffocates it .
I 've always believed certain films should never be re-made , but ` The Heartbreak Kid ' was n't one of them . After seeing this new version , it 's on my list .
The biggest problem with the movie is timidity . The Farrellys ... refuse to take the needed step of making star Ben Stiller totally unsympathetic .
An insane role reversal that positions the gorgeous trophy bride as the unrequited ugly duckling to Ben Stiller 's geeky womanizing newlywed stud .
A mostly unfunny dumbing-down of the 1972 version , leaving out the subtleties of social class and ethnic friction of Neil Simon 's script .
The Farrellys ' The Heartbreak Kid is a seemingly sketchy and erratic farce that begs for some of the wayward cinematic siblings ' trademark outlandish quirkiness .
If There 's Something About Mary is the Farrelly brothers ' gold standard for quality , The Heartbreak Kid comes in as pyrite -- or fool 's gold .
` Please be shocked into fits of laughter by our impish rudeness ! ' the Farrellys seem to say . ` Please forget the other , better R-rated comedies you 've seen this year ! '
OK , just so long as you do n't expect the old Farrelly magic .
With the brilliance of what Stiller has done before to compare it to , the title seems fitting on a couple of levels .
A bitter disappointment .
The real heartbreak in this Farrelly Brothers remake of 1972 's Neil Simon comedy trifle is that the second half is so much worse than the first .
The Heartbreak Kid represents less a return to form than a worn regurgitation of past success .
Gratingly unfunny , mean-spirited Farrelly brothers flick .
Overall the film is limp and , for long stretches , quite tedious .
Though not as engaging as Knocked Up , there is enough humor to keeps us entertained .
Lowers the bar set by Along Came Polly
Strip away the appalling gross-out gags and you 'd be left with a movie worth seeing .
It 's still pretty funny to see Ben Stiller take one -- or eight -- for the team .
-LSB- It -RSB- wo n't get any prizes for its nuanced examination of the human heart . But it is straightforward and honest about the absurd , if sometimes defensible , price of placing desire above reason . It is also , yes , extremely funny at times .
It 's funny in spots if you can tune out the Farrellys ' ultra-crass jokes -- along with any memory of the first movie .
In this remake of the 1972 film , the Farrellys -- proud perpetrators of Dumb and Dumber , There 's Something About Mary and other jolly assaults on good taste -- turn Neil Simon 's script inside out and flog it like a piñata .
The Heartbreak Kid , while not without its share of tiny , ephemeral pleasures , is a surprisingly flat and unamusing comedy .
The lack of creative inspiration is at the root of this Heartbreak Kid 's frustrating laziness and junky guffaws .
While the film needs the put-upon Ben Stiller of Flirting With Disaster or There 's Something About Mary , it instead gets the recently emerged , more manic version of Stiller , who immediately throws the humor out of balance .
The new version does n't have any of the ethnic nuance or black-comic nastiness of the earlier one , and the Farrellys miss the opportunity to add their own .
The Farrelly Brothers have jumped the orifice .
In some ways , the Farrelly brothers ' remake of The Heartbreak Kid is better than Elaine May 's 1972 comedy . In other ways , not so much .
There 's nothing in The Heartbreak Kid that can compare to , say , the hair gel bit from Mary . But there 's something to be said for a comedy that derives its laughs the old-fashioned way .
The Heartbreak Kid is a by-the-numbers romantic comedy whose every familiar plot contortion is easily predicted well before it occurs .
This one 's all about the big , unbelievable guffaws , of which the movie delivers about a dozen . Some may still call it heresy , but it 's nothing to get heartbroken over .
This must have been a great idea on paper .
The Farrellys want you to root for Eddie to get what he wants , but you may find that he deserves every bad thing that happens to him .
The Heartbreak Kid unfolds like a typical rom-com with a bad aftertaste .
The Farrelly brothers blow all the good will accumulated in the first half of the movie by taking the humor deeper and deeper into Tedious Cad Land , where Stiller 's self-obsessed , nattering guyishness turns pathological and strange .
There are some good laughs to be found here , but you 'll need patience to extract them from the filler .
It 's heartbreaking enough to witness a shallow remake of a treasured classic , but it 's equally depressing to watch comedy masters Ben Stiller and the Farrelly brothers go so completely off their game .
The Farrellys , who with There 's Something About Mary helped lay the groundwork for the mixture of raunchiness and heart that Judd Apatow has perfected , seem painfully dated here .
Peter and Bobby Farrelly make a half-hearted attempt to reclaim the arena of raunch with their remake of the 1972 comedy The Heartbreak Kid .
This is n't a good movie , and while there are one or two decently solid laughs none of them make up for the obnoxious venality of the rest of it .
An outrageously hilarious and RAUNCHY comedy that creates so many huge - and we mean humungous - laughs you will probably have to see it more than once just to catch all the dialogue .
The Farrellys have always danced along the tightrope between funny-disgusting and just plain gross in There 's Something About Mary and Shallow Hal . If the ratio was about 50-50 at the best of times , it 's now 30-70 in favor of crassness .
The Farrellys are well-served by an energetic cast who enters into the spirit of the enterprise with unadulterated gusto .
A squirmy miscalculation of tone .
Though not part of the recent rash of 1970 's horror film remakes , this is still a very scary movie .
This remake is ultimately content to be repugnant .
By now the Farrellys and Stiller should know that what makes comedy honorable and electric is n't morality or affability , but the artful expression of home truths . This Heartbreak Kid makes the mistake of trying to be semi-heartwarming .
be better off renting There 's Something About Mary and watching it at home .
Heartbreak Kid will mend your heart by the end of this film and have you breaking a stitch from continuous laughter .
Although the edgy humor provides plenty of side-splitting moments , Heartbreak ultimately cracks beneath a lackluster storyline .
Whether there was need to remake Elaine May 's 1972 worthy comedy is a relevant question , as the Farrelly 's version is occasionally funny but lacks the original 's wit and poignancy .
Enjoyable comedy with several big laughs , though it runs out of steam way before the end and is badly let down by a messy final act .
Less raucous than Dumb and Dumber and has a performance from Ben Stiller that proves he can act better than most people give him credit for .
A misogynist tract masquerading as a cheeky sex romp .
The real heartbreak is how comedienne Malin Akerman 's considerable assets are tossed aside . She 's good enough to be on the rebound soon . The rest of the film is a desperate , forgettable overlong movie that makes `` Along Came Polly '' look like a masterpiece .
Stiller 's timing rescues the first half , but his character is so dislikeable that the movie has nothing left going for it when the punchlines dry up , except for some smirking cynicism about relationships .
Whatever else Stiller is , he 's not a `` kid '' , and his behaviour as a 40-year-old looks even more ludicrous than Charles Grodin 's did in the original .
The Farrelly brothers are back with their most satisfying comedy in a long while .
The whirring sound you hear is that of Neil Simon , screenwriter of the 1972 film on which this is louchely based , spinning in his retirement .
The disappointing upshot is that there is more calculated crudity than joie de vivre .
Lumpy and sour . A few good laughs , but mostly this is just uninspired , and deeply cynical to boot .
Needless to say , this remake 's allusions to donkey sex , south-of-the-border piercings and the palliative power of urine are Farrelly innovations .
Supplies the laughs , but the heart is missing .
I wanted to say something clever and funny in this review , but then I decided the Farrelly brothers did n't bother to do that here , so why should I.
Too little soul to be sweet , too little energy to be a gagfest , the Farrelly Brothers squeeze out just enough laughs to make this watchable , but nowhere near enough to make it great . It breaks your heart , it really does ...
The film 's best moment by far comes from Eddie 's under-the-thumb buddy Mac -LRB- Rob Corddry -RRB- , who advises that the key to a healthy marriage is to ` plaster on a smile and wait patiently for the sweet embrace of death ' .
-LSB- The Farrelly Brothers ' -RSB- squeamish , childish fascination with bodily ickiness , when crossed with the iffy sexual politics of the original , yields a comic vision remarkable for its hysterical misogyny .
This hit-and-miss attempt by the Farrelly brothers to up their own ante on crude smacks of comic desperation .
Stiller 's Eddie is a thoroughly unsympathetic character ; whiny , judgemental and utterly undeserving of the women who somehow fall for him .
For all its fluffed moments and saggy end , how many other films this year feature a donkey with an erection ?
It 's the Farrellys picking up where they left off with 2000 's Me , Myself & Irene , dishing out a line-up of audience-goosing bits ; spiky material that returns a little of the water-cooler visibility they used to enjoy -LRB- two words : donkey show -RRB-
Presents a hollow shell of the Farrelly Brothers I know .
The Heartbreak Kid ... is a disaster , an unmitigated humorless horror that never once plays as raunchy or as outrageous as it thinks it is .
The Farrelly brothers seem to have run out of ideas for their big gags ; in the third act , you can sense them straining to bring out the big guns while only packing a pellet gun .
An ugly , hateful and deeply unfunny bit of hackwork that not only stinks on its own but also tarnishes the reputation of a genuinely funny and inspired comedy .
... an interminable and shockingly unfunny piece of work that has little to offer even the most ardent fan of the Farrelly brothers .
The audience gets some very funny shocking bits , but they are few and far between .
Let 's hope that with the seemingly endless array of projects Apatow 's people have lined up that they never resort to repeating themselves with something as frequently unfunny as The Heartbreak Kid .
-LSB- B -RSB- ased on the 1972 movie ... much in the same way that a breakfast of Pop Tarts and Mountain Dew is based on a petit dejeuner of fresh-baked croissants and cafe au lait .
Frantic slapstick and pointless misunderstandings finally undermine Heartbreak Kid until its multiple stabs at concocting a decisive new ending betray the awful truth that it has no idea where it 's going , even while it makes funny faces .
If I were in movie hell , I 'd rather see Good Luck Chuck again than return to this atrocity .
The Heartbreak Kid is a shabby , sleazy train wreck ... and anyone who backed it ... before its being made or rewards it with money or acclaim upon its release should feel , if they can feel at all , something like shame .
the brothers ' most deliberate effort to recapture that Mary magic .
This year 's Heartbreak Kid is n't as on-target in either comedy or romance as the Farrellys and Stiller were with There 's Something About Mary , but you 'll find yourself laughing just the same .
There are a few laughs , but Stiller has lost a good deal of his comic impact and edge now that he 's in his 40s , the Farrellys seem weary of the gross-out humor that made them rich and the movie comes off as labored .
A grim , shrill , deluded and incredibly depressing movie , so bewilderingly mean-spirited that the trademark Farrelly Brothers gross-out scenes feel like the sweetest .
The Heartbreak Kid , not only reunites -LSB- the Farrelly bros. -RSB- with Mary star Ben Stiller , it also restores -- and arguably ups -- the raunchiness . So much so , in fact , that it becomes exceedingly uncomfortable and grotesque .
Eddie comes off not as a beleaguered Everyman , but a heedless , dishonest knob .
The Farrellys ' un-PC blend of sex , obscenity , and slapstick comes across as cruel this time because the brothers reduce a very human situation to a series of gross gags .
The Farrellys manage to have their cake and scarf it down , disgustingly , too .
It is good to see both Stiller and the Farellys doing what they do best , happily grossing out audiences in the name of comedy .
Consistently full of laugh-out-loud moments . The sight gags are outrageous , the story is genuinely involving and the whole movie has a bit of sweetness to it .
There are laughs to be had , but you 'll be scratching your head once the screenplay flies completely off the rails into a ditch of sitcom cliches and painfully obvious , dragged-out humor .
-LSB- The Farrelly Brothers -RSB- have taken what was a minor classic and annihilated everything that was funny about it .
Peter and Bobby Farrelly 's take on the 1972 Neil Simon-Elaine May original is not nearly as funny as you 'd like for a movie that reunites them with There 's Something About Mary star Ben Stiller in another gross-out romance .
For the Farrelly brothers , topping the slapstick and gross-out comedy of their lowbrow hits such as Dumb & Dumber and There 's Something About Mary was never going to be easy . But in The Heartbreak Kid , they have outdone themselves .
Neither as daringly vulgar as the Farrellys ' most well-known work nor as melancholy and jaded as its source material , Heartbreak ends up in a dissatisfying middle ground .
Both the Farrellys and Stiller seem to have run their course ; the film is flabby and the jokes are tired , and all that 's left is easy potshots at the usual targets .
The Heartbreak Kid is not the romantic comedy it is selling itself as , but a horror story about a selfish guy getting exactly what he wants and not earning any of it . There is no fun in that , only misery .
Monaghan 's comic timing saves this go-nowhere affair from 100 percent lousiness , and I could n't really tell you why ; she does n't earn any laughs , exactly ; there are none , but she 's charming and she makes tiny bits of a stuporous flop slightly less grim .
This is a Farrelly film for adults , if not the entire family , and it 's a charmer , honest both to the nature of the loves we choose in haste and the fear that makes us so hasty so often .
Like much of the Farrellys ' work , there 's no soul to what might very well be a Something About Mary sequel .
Kills any romantic vibes like mayonnaise cooking in a sauna .
For all its lapses in grace and pacing , The Heartbreak Kid somehow manages to wear away resistance with the simple charms exhibited by its cast , including Akerman , whose sportsmanship is above and beyond the call of duty .
A marriage definitely not made in heaven , and a picture that 's a disheartening commentary on the decline in the standards of American comedy over the last quarter-century .
A knockout with wall-to-wall laughs that recalls the actor and directors in their mid-to-late 1990s primes .
Are the Farrellys -LRB- not to mention Stiller -RRB- in a creative lull , or have I always been wrong about them ?
No matter how many times we 've seen it , there 's nobody I 'd rather watch fall apart than Ben Stiller .
If it lacks the same constant ratio of laughs to screentime as the original , it still delivers a bracingly puckish take on the pleasures and perils of love at first sight
While this '70s comedy remake is n't a complete return to form for Peter and Bobby Farrelly , it 's certainly a step back in the right direction for the pioneers of raunch .
As typical of even the decent Farrelly productions , it 's indifferently photographed and runs at least half an hour too long .
Farrelly brothers films are looking better and better , but are n't nearly as funny as their grungy early films that hit with the stealth and vigor of guerrilla commandos .
The sunny setting , attractive leads and reasonably involving story help make The Heartbreak Kid a watchable frippery .
Lively and watchable , but never as funny or astute as it should be .
Uproarious romp , grounded in believable if gleefully implausible human behavior , is a model of comic timing .







@highlight

Despite some amiable performances , The Heartbreak Kid is neither as daring nor as funny as the Farrelly Brothers ' earlier films .