Tulip Fever is a pretty picture , and it effectively transports you back in time , but once you are there you 'll be headed to the exit before you can even smell the tulips .
Looks the blossoming part with its elegant , painterly staging , but never finds an appropriate tone for the tale 's sex , envy and tulip-bartering theatrics .
The film is populated with so many ancillary characters , which are far more engaging than the central lovers , that their antics too often distract from the central plot .
The film 's centre does n't hold .
How all of this could have been played so straight - and ended up so politely dull - will bend minds for years to come .
Beauty , passion and tulips are the themes of this rich and enjoyable foray into 17th century Amsterdam where the riches of the purse , the heart and the bedroom are at odds . It 's about forbidden love in a gorgeous setting ...
... Tulip Fever is simply a blooming disaster .
In Tulip Fever it 's the financial story that 's fascinating , while the romantic angle for the couple is a little tired .
Great look , great cast ... but everything just sits there like a tableful of delicious ingredients waiting for a master chef who never shows up .
Director Chadwick brings a stodgy , Oscar-bait sensibility that 's firmly at odds with the pulpy , bodice-ripping plot mechanics .
Though it is beautifully shot and well acted , the flat plot is nothing to write home about .
This tone-deaf costume drama takes a preposterous story and tells it clumsily , with strange choices all around and most of the plot turns either confusing or silly .
Things about it are good , and it just is n't . Part of that blames lies with the story , a terribly ponderous and silly affair that gives far too much relevance to billowing cloaks , a drunk guy ... and the general presence of Cara Delevigne
`` Tulip Fever '' gave me a mild headache .
Tasteless and torpid , this dreadful costume drama wilts as it unfolds .
The film flails around trying to convince us it 's depicting a heady , madcap , passionate time in its characters ' lives . Somehow , though , it all feels about as exciting as a stroll through a tulip garden .
Harvey Weinstein should have marketed Tulip Fever as a farce .
Some bright bits poke up , but all told , this Tulip tries to get too many things going , and uses too much fertilizer to do it .
I took the loveliest little nap during the screening of Tulip Fever .
It 's all instantly forgettable . Except for the tulips - which , for the record , look stellar .
Director Justin Chadwick and screenwriter Tom Stoppard ca n't find a pulse , let alone set the heart racing .
A near-miss , but the Curse of Dane DeHaan continues .
These tulips may be photogenic , but they are doomed by root rot .
There are worse movies than Tulip Fever . There are also , inevitably , better ones .
Weinstein claimed that Tulip Fever is `` a smart film for adults . '' It 's not . It 's a very , very , very dumb film .
This handsomely mounted and dully executed film boasts no shortage of Oscar favorites in the cast . It 's as pretty as a flower , but it needs some air to bloom .
Like many complex novels crammed into 100-page screenplays , Tulip Fever is a mess of too many subplots , all awkwardly condensed and fighting for screen time .
there 's more fever than tulips in this tale , its overstuffed seams spilling coherence .
To paraphrase Bill Murray 's famous line from Tootsie , the long-delayed Tulip Fever is one nutty 17th century melodrama .
Tulip Fever is here and it 's about as boring as a movie about tulips probably ought to be .
All told , this movie about love during a bubble is a bust .
Forget fever -- this floral-scented fiasco is so lifeless you can barely feel a pulse .
Under close analysis , none of this elaborate subterfuge makes much sense , but the film is so polished in its technical proficiency that I found the absence of logic forgivable .
As Chadwick piles on the coincidences and misdirections , the movie finally collapses under its own schematic weight , and wilts to the ground .
In this chaotically assembled incarnation Moggach 's tale of romantic intrigue set against the notorious seventeenth-century financial bubble generates little dramatic heat , let alone a cinematic fever .
This had the makings of a brilliant screwball comedy but the filmmakers turned it into a serious drama . Not bad , but , to paraphrase Marlon Brando , it coulda been something ; instead , it 's this !
A film that 's been repeatedly edited into a bizarre , boring final product that packs as much punch as a light sneeze or a gentle cough . A fever it is not .
I do n't want to make Tulip Fever sound more interesting than it is . It 's not bad enough to fall into `` so bad it 's good territory . ''
Tulip Fever 's second half is a harvest of stupidity , with mistaken identities , overheard conversations and characters conveniently swept away by circumstance .
You want -LSB- Tulip Fever -RSB- to be either hopelessly bad or a secret masterpiece , and all you get is generic all-star period piffle shot all too obviously on a London soundstage .
It is your run-of-the mill period drama that plays it safe - certainly not daring enough to offend or to truly captivate .
It 's often difficult to tell whether Tulip Fever is supposed to be soap or farce -LRB- probably neither , but there is just enough genuine comic relief amidst the sudsy absurdity to confuse the issue -RRB- .
At 107 minutes , Tulip Fever has been trimmed of every ounce of fat . But connective tissue , muscle and even the heart are gone too , leaving a lifeless frame .
-LSB- Tulip Fever is -RSB- lush and boisterous and crammed with the sort of arts gossip and commerce trivia that go nicely with gilded frames and talk of tulip futures .
It 's not that Tulip Fever is incompetently made or unpleasant to look at or offensive in any way . It 's just that it is very , very boring .
After a long , circuitous route to the screen , it arrives not as a lusty tale in full bloom , but as a tastefully arranged still life in search of an animating spark .
What began as a respectable , if somewhat flat 17th-century love story , complete with gorgeous costumes and lush score , seems to lose its wits as it goes along -- which may have been the mindset of the era , but feels like a miscalculated opportunity here .
The most disappointing thing about the end to the speculative bubble surrounding Tulip Fever is that there is n't much there .
The cinematic equivalent of a waving white flag , finally surrendering to the judgment of curious filmgoers who 've been waiting a long time for this dud .
After waiting so long , the strongest fragrance on display is one of sweat and mediocrity .
Tulip Fever is neither good nor terrible . It 's just mediocre , jumbled , and neither serious enough for history nor fun enough for trash
Good luck understanding how any of this might appeal to modern moviegoers . It is n't awful , but it 's needlessly convoluted and dull , dull , dull .
A stiff , disjointed movie .
One you 'll want to expunge from your mind as quickly as possible .

@highlight

Tulip Fever is a lush , handsomely-mounted period piece undone by uninspired dialogue and excessive plotting .