Ryan Reynolds , lots of snow , a pedophile ring and a botched Atom Egoyan thriller -- ONLY in Canada !
-LSB- Atom -RSB- Egoyan frames each shot so precisely so that we 're always aware of what we 're not seeing , creating suspense as things are revealed .
Aggressively stupid when it 's not downright illogical , it is hard to imagine a film less deserving for a competition slot at this year 's Cannes than The Captive , a subpar Law & Order episode at best .
An efficient film with good elements but not enough to surprise anybody . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The Captive revels in its own nastiness and makes for a highly unpleasant watch .
The end result is an effort that falls right in line with Egoyan 's passable yet disappointing run of recent films ...
In a sea of superhero movies , romantic comedies and horror , The Captive , is a good choice for those looking to go a little beyond simple entertainment . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
Egoyan trusts his talent to play with mystery , but also relies on the public to gradually put together a puzzle made of family drama and the suspense of a thriller . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
pretty-looking yet totally dopey
Earth to Atom , come back to us . We miss you .
The Captive feels trivial about something that 's heinous ; and that 's BAD .
The narrative structure proves to be little more than a gimmick masking the lurid melodrama .
Creepy , disjointed film suffers from poor storytelling .
Egoyan skilfully brings these story-lines together as the film builds to its disconcerting conclusion .
For all its problems , The Captive does try to hit the themes that have obsessed Egoyan for three decades : desire , death , memory , and time .
Becomes baroque and ludicrous as the Hitchcockian scenario loses its psychological bearings in a web of trashy plot twists and self-conscious jumps in time .
-LSB- The Captive -RSB- is undone by one too many ill-timed flashbacks and some garish melodrama which reduces the human element .
`` The Captive '' may appear to bite off a little more than it can chew but it 's one of the most satisfyingly baroque thrillers of the year , and thanks to a perfectly judged performance by Ryan Reynolds , it 's quietly heartbreaking , too .
The infuriatingly vague and downright strange story banishes the haunting delicacy of mood that Mr. Egoyan has conjured so successfully in the past .
The film is a handy encapsulation of Atom Egoyan 's career : a strong start that takes a hairpin turn into the ridiculous .
It 's reminiscent of other recent child-abduction and exploitation films such as Prisoners and The Frozen Ground , but there 's something just a little twistedly different that sets it apart .
Once Egoyan loses interest in an intelligent way out of a harrowing plot , the effort sinks to the level of cheap thrills and easy resolutions .
The structural gamesmanship is just a smokescreen , a way to obfuscate the pulp nature of what is , ultimately , little more than a glorified , low-aiming potboiler .
-LSB- Egoyan is -RSB- still talented enough to give his clunkers an evocative sheen , but if viewers dig an inch below the surface , it 's wincing time .
Surely an Oscar-nominated filmmaker like Atom Egoyan -LRB- `` The Sweet Hereafter '' -RRB- can do better than this nasty and unconvincing thriller .
THE CAPTIVE is a disaster , but I must admit that it 's at least entertaining in a `` wow , I ca n't believe this exists '' kind of way
When it is n't TV-movie familiar , Egoyan 's film is bughouse crazy , mixing in campy pulp elements that bleed pressure away from the story .
The film 's opening scenes promise a much richer film than what 's delivered .
The film has the plot of an intensely lurid thriller , but Atom Egoyan ca n't bring himself to face that and actively tend to the story ; instead , he trades in barely coherent , high-brow euphemisms .
While The Captive builds strongly in its first act , it ultimately lets itself down with generic plot twists and a largely dissatisfying finale . Egoyan 's eye for beauty , however , is unquestionable .
Films about child abuse inevitably come up against the limits of representation itself : morally and legally , how much is acceptable to show ? In this case , Egoyan 's decision to skip over the details of what happened to Cass makes the film all the creepier .
If you are prepared to accept that real life is not predictable , much less real people , The Captive will engage and stimulate you . But you will need to pay attention
The film is a fragmented essay of ideas haphazardly put together ; it 's a case of the individual parts being more successful than the whole
Ryan Reynolds is solid as Matthew and the film looks stunning , cinematographer Paul Sarossy has captured the Ontario winter beautifully . But the production design is strange , -LSB- and -RSB- quite a few things do n't quite gel .
`` The Captive '' bores us with its onscreen mystery while leaving another , more important one unanswered : What exactly happened to director Atom Egoyan ?
A ludicrous , unconvincing and unpleasant kidnapping thriller .
The Captive recapitulates the arc of Egoyan 's career : early promise , followed by arrant misfires .
-LSB- Egoyan -RSB- builds incredible tension and emotion in this thriller by throwing the audience pieces of the jigsaw -- in the wrong order .
Artfully toggling between his signature , time-shifting style and mainstream expectations , Egoyan captures , with stylized eeriness , a crime 's psychic impact within a jigsaw-like , technology-propelled narrative .
Without a thin tether to credibility , this fussy , morbid fantasy simply slides off into the void .
Detective thrillers rarely get as baffling and repugnant as The Captive .
This is a bit of a lull for this director , and while he continues to explore notions surrounding the loss of a child -LRB- a theme consistent with several of his works -RRB- , it 's hard to see that `` The Captive '' does much to add to his cachet .
Its eeriness creeps up on you and taps you on the shoulder , and when you spin around , it 's still behind you .
By the end , one wonders less about whether certain characters will survive this ordeal and more about whether certain careers can .
Distrusts its audience 's cognitive abilities , feeling the urge to depict everything as bluntly as possible
The screenplay clunks and clangs its way through some very hackneyed dialogue .
Beneath the well-tuned atmospherics lurks a schlocky , ludicrous and distasteful yarn
For every way that The Sweet Hereafter makes its generic elements seem fresh and even a trifle mysterious , The Captive finds new ways to render them absurd .
... right down to the nearly synonymous title we get a lurid , silly Prisoners me-too ...
-LSB- A -RSB- film too absurd to take seriously , but too strange to ignore .
The director renders an already bogus story more preposterous by lathering it in portentous solemnity ...
This ludicrous abduction thriller plays like an ill-advised assembly of tropes and themes from Atom Egoyan 's highlights reel .
A complex and teasing drama that mixes together paedophile abduction , video surveillance , enigmatic femmes fatales and Mozart 's The Magic Flute .
Has a grownup person written this script ? It is embarrassingly unconvincing .

@highlight

Wan and lugubrious , The Captive represents another atmospheric , beautifully filmed misfire from director Atom Egoyan .