This is a muzzled beast of an epic , all its sharp , strange edges blunted , its askew angles righted .
Director Stephen Daldry -LRB- The Hours , The Reader -RRB- makes magic with Eric Roth 's script ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
-LSB- Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close -RSB- sways between being emotionally manipulative and genuinely moving .
Good intentions do n't always translate into great movies .
Ghastly .
Horn dives into one of the most complex character 's I 've seen created for a child and shakes loose .
Dull and lifeless .
Eric Roth 's nimble screenplay and composer Alexandre Desplat 's delicate score also help solidify `` Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close '' as one of the best movies movies of 2011
This movie is exquisitely made , as Daldry provides a typically classy craft effort .
Daldry delivers a surprisingly engaging adaptation of Jonathan Safran Foer 's stridently voiced novel about a precocious boy dealing with the death of his father in the terror attacks .
It 's a toss-up as to which is more annoying : the scatter-shot screenplay by Eric Roth or the increasingly grating lead performance by newcomer Thomas Horn .
Oskar expounds to excess , a problem that becomes worse as time drags on and is particularly excruciating during the one-way verbal dialogues with Von Sydow
An irritating 130-minute dripathon .
This adaptation of Jonathan Safran Foer 's 9/11 novel is long , shallow and unconcealed in its efforts to make you cry .
As Oskar opines about his father 's casket : `` It 's just an empty box '' . The same charge the film 's guilty of .
Probably one of the most exploitative and heavy handed films concerning 9/11 I 've ever seen .
... there 's nothing very special about Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close , other than the remarkable Max von Sydow and a preternaturally alert performance by young Thomas Horn
It may try too hard , and it borders on the implausible early and often , but the performance of newcomer Thomas Horn is relentlessly earnest and believable .
... threatens to make the momentous trite .
The mysteries are n't that mysterious and some may have a hard time embracing its abrasive hero .
When it was finally over , I found myself not just disappointed , but a little annoyed . Frankly , it seems more than a little like a cheat .
Es uno de esos raros ejemplos en que el original literario es visualmente mucho más rico que su versión cinematográfica . Lo mejor es su protagonista , el increíble Thomas Horn .
Despite indulgences it works well because there is a really nice message that lies at the heart of the film . When our energies are all directed towards good , amazing things can happen .
What seemed a gimmicky device on the page feels even more awkwardly whimsical and implausible on screen
Feels like a Very Special Episode of a hopelessly lightweight kids TV show , misguidedly attempting to have its say on an issue it can barely comprehend , let alone interpret .
In the end , the movie is about healing and coming to understand that some things ca n't be explained .
I knew after I came out of Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close that I had been manipulated , but I did n't feel it mattered because the film told a story about a grieving family which had weight .
I can see why some might find the film sickly or overly sentimental , even a little forced , but it worked well enough on me to have me wiping away a few tears .
I found this to be a peculiar movie . Some parts drew me in whilst other , not-so-believable parts , pushed me away .
-LSB- A -RSB- dark daydream about coping with the secret guilts we all harbor , about the creeping horror of thinking about that day that all New Yorkers dealt with ...
Its louder is better approach is just too much . The tantrums , the tears , the bloody tambourine the main character shakes at every given moment . It all culminates into a dizzying mesh of over the top sentiment .
Veering from Amelie-esque whimsy to The Hours-like maudlin .
Daldry honed his prowess for stories about boys on a mission with his worldwide hit , Billy Elliot -LRB- 2000 -RRB- ; here , the stakes are different but the need for audiences to feel the film is again paramount
Eric Roth has crafted a wonderful screenplay from Jonathan Safran Foer 's novel that reveals the vulnerable inner voice of the young boy who not only loses his father , but bears a heavy burden of guilt
It 's the metaphor which is important here . The dawning realisation that searching for something might be more important than what you do or do not discover .
By the end of the movie you feel like throwing Oskar 's tambourine in the East River and sending him off to swap written messages in silence with his grandfather .
Thomas Horn ... carrying a myriad emotions on very young and capable shoulders , regardless of obvious irritable character traits .
The situation is wrenching in too many ways at once . You sit there , first cringing , then fighting back , out of primitive self-respect .
Daldry draws a memorable and believable performance from the youngster , who had never acted before but who has to carry the bulk of the film 's narrative on his slender shoulders .
Just rather dull and a little bit long .
It is a heartfelt , heartwarmer of a film that lacks the pain and profundity that the subject matter really deserves .
So slow and self-important that its Academy Award Best Picture nomination only proves that the shortlist is too long ...
Fascinating despite itself . Which every way you fall , this will provoke a strong reaction .
-LSB- An -RSB- intensely self-conscious movie that contrives to make the human cost and human meaning of 9/11 distant and faint .
You rather end up wishing Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close would just pipe down and back off .
For anyone who understands the unfairness of grief it 's a rare chance to let your guard down and go with an emotional flow ...
A mixed bag of intelligent tragedy and poor choices , Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close has the ability to tug at the heart strings - it just gets them a bit tangled .
Although running the risk of slipping into mawkish melodrama by the end , this still has the power to move .
Shamelessly manipulative , prone to mawkish sentimentality and let down by an ending that fails to ring true and feels like a cop-out .
Less a film about communication , in the end , than one with its fingers in its ears .
Even its failure lacks distinction . It 's just a well-intentioned , mediocre film : extremely self-important and incredibly tiresome .
It 's challenging , divisive and has moments of beauty but leaves you cold .
s it a movie about loss ? Definitely . Is it a movie about 9/11 ? Sort of . Will you reach a for a tissue while you watch `` Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close ? '' Probably .
The POV becomes irritatingly self-involved and self-tormenting . There 's a game-playing with grief in the movie 's roving , Lord-of-the-Wrings-Emotions quest .
continues Daldry 's trajectory of increasingly indigestible pretension , although he exchanges earnest morbidity for a mixture of cloying sentimentality and offbeat humor
It might not be quite as insulting a Best Picture nominee as The Blind Side , but it 's incredibly close .
Thomas Horn 's performance is the sword 's edge that splits the divided reactions to this film . It is a fine performance , but the character is weird . Oskar does n't talk like a child . He is more like a miniature Woody Allen , without the sense of humor .
An important and touching reminder that so many are still dealing with their loss .
Extremely tacky and incredibly unimaginative !
As directed by Stephen Daldry , this adaptation of Jonathan Safran Foer 's novel hauls out memories and images from 9/11 in an attempt to create fake sentiment and to accentuate its own sense of self-importance . Quite frankly , I found that offensive .
Daldry has one of the world 's greatest actors , the 82-year-old Max von Sydow , play the part of a mute while the shrill obnoxious kid protagonist never stops talking .
This is the type of film that might take a while to catch on with the masses , might need more years to marinate in the psyche before it breaks through as the instant classic I suspect it might be .
Extremely Loud & irritatingly quirky
Too emotionally bullying and manipulative to feel like anything other than an endurance test .
Extremely long -LRB- or so it seemed -RRB- and incredibly bland .
... Oskar remains hopelessly unsympathetic virtually from start to finish .
Jonathan Safran Foer 's acclaimed novel about a boy whose father was killed in the World Trade Center on 9/11 has been brought to the screen with great sensitivity and heart .
It is at times extremely touching and incredibly moving . Unfortunately , at other times , it also is fairly flawed and slightly disappointing .
From its wordy title to the impressive vocabulary and compulsive list-making of its possibly autistic young narrator hero , this is a motion picture that never liberates itself from the printed page .
Moving , if heavy-handed , it 's an emotional walkabout with real heart .
Horn 's naturalistic performance is so unmannered , expressive , and spontaneous that it almost overcomes every self-consciously precocious personality tic Foer has constructed . Almost .
The Guys , 25th Hour and United 93 paid tribute to the heroes of that fateful day ; this picture mainly pays tribute to its ability to pat itself on the back .
When people jumped from the burning towers of the World Trade Center , no pretty piano music accompanied their fall .
Horn 's nonstop barrage of words fits the character , but he 's supposed to be filled with terror and anxiety and it just comes across as overly confident . Some of the most crucial emotional scenes suffer .
Perhaps just being about 9/11 is this movie 's greatest sin , as it is as well-made and well-acted as any film you 'll see this year .
Overall , the film is decent , but I kept expecting it to be something more emotionally engaging and powerful and perhaps a tad less manipulative . -LRB- Full Content Parental Review also available -RRB-
... the cure for Oskar 's severe case of shell-shock , in Eric Roth 's adaptation of the novel by Jonathan Safran Foer , seems artificial and contrived to me .
The kid gets under our skin through a combination of pity and sheer irritation .
Except as a tool for pediatric grief counseling , Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close amounts to a fetishization of its own trappings -LRB- the boy , NYC , 9/11 -RRB- more interested in Oscar than Oskar .
More irritating than touching , healing or any of the positive things one would guess such a story and cast would produce .
Half the time you sit there wondering , what sort of mother lets her bereft 11-year-old wander New York City alone or in the company of an elderly stranger ?
Somewhere in Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close there probably is a great movie . It just did n't get made .
A tighter edit would n't save the feature , but it would relieve its increasingly claustrophobic ambiance , allowing a firmer connection to the mourning .
If you care to join him on that adventure , you 'll likely find it incredibly affecting , a multi-hankie story , expertly made . If you do n't ? You 'll resist the film 's manipulations -LRB- and do n't all films manipulate ? -RRB- , perhaps quite vocally .
Yes , Daldry extracts a few tears in the process , but the increasing number of precious touches leaves you feeling pandered to and clumsily manipulated .
Thomas Horn makes the film ! The emotion he manages to evoke in a single scene is brilliant . He captivated me and had me living with him through the emotions .
As a portrait of what happens to a family when its glue disappears , Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close wrung a bucket of tears out of me .
`` Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close '' is the kind of movie you want to punch in the nose .
If imagining a city where people open their doors -LRB- or do n't -RRB- to a boy with a key and a ton of questions is sentimental ... then it is vitally , beautifully so .
Stephen Daldry 's extremely labored and incredibly crass adaptation of Jonathan Safran Foer 's novel .
One of the most emotional movies you will ever see in your life .
`` Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close '' is grim , but also uplifting as it defines how finally coming to grips with the inexplicable can be cathartic and how , though the person is gone , the memories always live on .
Through the boy 's eyes we see a world that can be cruel , but that can also be filled with love , laughter and adventure .
The first great film of 2012 !
Extremely Loud and Ridiculous
I kept waiting for the disembodied voice of Paul Harvey to emerge on the soundtrack to announce `` And that little boy ... that nobody liked ... grew up ... to become ... Wes Anderson ... ''
Some will find this 9/11-themed family drama powerful and imaginative ; others , cloying and infuriating . The reality lies somewhere in the middle .
Rapidly becomes tiresome .
The difficulty is mainly with the story , which despite all the emotion hovering around it , remains thin and uninvolving .
The odd thing is how the movie gets more emotionally satisfying while moving away from 9/11 grief to more personal crises ... the feeling that -LRB- the father -RRB- could have died alone in a car crash and the movie 's best sequences would n't be hindered .
The quality of the craft at the best moments of the film is undeniable .
-LSB- It -RSB- gets far too cute .
It 's a genuinely moving and often lovely piece of work - beautifully acted and , ultimately , earning its tears .
This is a story invented to exist in a book , and you can feel it resisting the jump to screen .
The movie forgoes Foer 's ambitious tweeness and presents Oskar 's outbursts and moodiness - that precociousness - as a disorder .
Not for moviegoers who hold that heartstring-plucking is a betrayal of the contract between director and audience .
Innocent Oskar and his is n't - life-wondrous adventures left me disappointed , depressed and somewhat irritated .
Terribly uneven , moving in places but very frustrating in others .
Whenever the film totters toward sentimentality , young Horn snatches it back .
It 's extremely moving and incredibly compassionate .
The youth 's pain is palpable , and the film will stir viewers still wounded by that day and those who have suffered loss in general .
`` Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close '' is supposed to promote healing , but as they say in New York : close , but no cigar .
This movie has n't been in the conversation of the best films of the year , but it deserves to be . It 's a viscerally enthralling story about a singular boy trying to find his place in the world when his only anchor is ripped away .
The only Stephen Daldry film I 've seen that I do n't expect to feel the need to revisit .
Tom Hanks , Sandra Bullock ... Max von Sydow , Zoe Caldwell , Viola Davis , Jeffrey Wright , John Goodman ... thanks for your honest efforts in the service of a fundamentally dishonest weepie .
No movie has ever been able to provide a catharsis for the Holocaust , and I suspect none will ever be able to provide one for 9/11 .
A well-meaning but perfunctory story that does n't justify its use of what the boy calls ` the worst day . '
It 's all extraordinarily sentimental and manipulative , weighed down by Horn 's mannered , grating performance and incessant voiceover narration .
There are exactly three moments in Daldry 's film which work and Sandra Bullock owns them all .
You need lots of gifted people chasing after the same bad idea to make a movie as colossally misguided as this one .
Luckily , Horn is so good -- as is Max von Sydow , in a wordless role -- that the film resonates in spite of the tear-jerking strings Daldry pulls .
Too soon ? For Stephen Daldry 's 9/11 drama , the right time is `` never . ''
... an uncomfortable combination of movie precociousness and real-world catastrophe .
This is , if you can believe it , maybe the first mainstream example of 9/11 kitsch .
Sorry , but there must be richer ways of dramatizing so obvious a theme .
Cue the Oscar nominations .
With one exception , the quest is lumbering at best , and precious the rest of the time .
Confuses profundity with bathos , narrative elegance with literary archness and emotional power with sentimental handwringing .
Horn delivers a star turn as Oskar , a child trying to make sense of a tragedy that still baffles us all .
Daldry and his screenwriter Eric Roth make the mistake of showing bodies falling from the Twin Towers - it 's a mistake because its graphic power seems more exploitative than cathartic - but they otherwise thankfully refrain from pulling out all the stops .
Extraordinary and life-affirming , it packs a wrenching emotional wallop .
Drama about child 's 9/11 loss stirs up sadness .
It 's not a masterpiece , mind you , and I 'm not calling for any new Oscar nominations here , but it 's worth seeing and might brighten up a wintry afternoon a bit .
Homes in on a middle ground between jumpy postmodernism and Oscar-bait uplift .
Solidly crafted , impeccably acted and self-important in the way that Oscar loves , ` Extremely Loud ' is also incredibly close to exploitation .
Powerful , somewhat flawed drama is packed with important themes , fine acting and emotional tugs .
Renders Jonathan Safran Foer 's best-selling 2005 novel into unconvincing Hollywood mush .
... this drama , under the skillful direction of Stephen Daldry , aims to do more than merely arouse our latent emotions .
I hated the kid .
Despite flaws , there 's something sweet and emotionally connective underneath the layers artificial posturing .
It 's a unique journey that 's equal parts sympathy card and celebration of human resilience .
Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close unfolds as a tough-minded but tender tale of suffering , confusion and redemption for children old enough to remember or know about the attack on the twin towers .
Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close could be more accurately described as Extremely Mawkish and Incredibly Irritating .
Never has the tragedy of 9/11 been made so shrinky-dinked .
The movie makes no argument for existing .
A film filled with both sentiment and substance .
Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close approaches what I would call `` 9/11 porn '' in the way it exploits tragedy to milk emotion .
The movie successfully reflects turmoil , looking at the world from the specific standpoint of a child who 's ill-equipped to comprehend it , trying to survive as best he can .
Why , oh why , besides the pursuit of Academy Awards , must this sort of thing be released on Christmas Day ? Who wants a gift-wrapped box full of sadness ?
Slightly Sappy & Annoyingly Whimsical , a movie which confronts the unspeakable and emerges merely unreal .
It 's Oscar-mongering of the most blunt and reprehensible sort .
Emotional pornography .
Stephen Daldry abandons every lick of restraint in his efforts to play the audience like a syrup-greased harp .
Stalwart and precious , independent-minded yet pat . The star is Thomas Horn , a first-time performer as expressive and truthful as today 's best and longest-working actors .
A superb blend of tears and comedy .
While flawed and sometimes overwrought , Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close 's tale of the effect of 9/11 on a sensitive boy is worth seeing , particularly for its lead performance .
While aiming to explore the riddle of grief , this particular story fails by listening to strange angels .
The production 's penchant for contrivance is insufferable -- not a single spontaneous moment from start to finish -- and the boy is so precocious you want to strangle him .
Hollywood loves tragedy , especially if they can exploit it , by leaving out the humanity and substituting star power and shtik .
A poignant and emotionally literate film about the wise stewardship of pain by a precocious teenager mourning the loss of his beloved father .
Yes , you may cry , but when tears are milked as they are here , the truer response should be rage .
An emotionally powerful cinematic testimony about that horrific late summer day .
`` Precious '' is the word that kept bobbing to the top of my consciousness as I watched ... too precious .
A flawed and often unforgiving film , this end of the year entry for professional prestige hits all the right notes .
Processes the immense grief of a city and a family through a conceit so nauseatingly precious that it 's somehow both too literary and too sentimental , cloying yet aestheticized within an inch of its life .
... that last act connects with a blunt force , a real emotional wallop .
Horn breaks through the movie 's manipulative scrim simply through the sheer force of his emotions .
Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close 's greatest strength is that it prods and provokes , never relenting .
It more resembles a spindly kid running around and screaming for two hours before a hastily applied Hollywood ending shuts him up .
Maybe if it had manipulated me less , it would have moved me more .
Horn makes an appealing hero .
An earnest puddle of slop .
The deluge of tears is Daldry 's idea of pathos , but to these eyes , it 's Oscar-trolling 9/11 kitsch .
It 's an emotional powerhouse of a film , an unforgettable and rewarding motion picture experience .
A very emotionally satisfying film , and something that manages to be life-affirming despite dealing with one of the more tragic events of our generation .
A cloying exercise in sentimentality , the film also winds up extremely annoying , even infuriating .
Here 's a tale that compacts the grief of an entire world , country , city , and thousands of loved ones left behind into the pain of one vulnerable , fictional boy .
Likely to divide critics , the film deserves audience support as one of few works about the impact of 9/11 on ordinary lives , boasting a strong turn by Thomas Horn as a boy forced to come to terms with personal loss and collective nightmare .
What makes Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close good is its sense of goodness .
It 's a preening and somewhat contrived film , a tapestral effort of skilled tradecraft brought to bear upon a self-serious framework of overt manipulations .
Has some nice moments but overall is a failure in its exploration of the subject matter and it feels more exploitative than entertaining .
An emotionally potent , noticeably literary story of a precious boy 's reaction to his father 's death on 9/11 .
It hardly matters that Horn manages to give such a naturalistic , unmannered performance as the young Oskar when everything around him has been so deliberately orchestrated to provoke a specific reaction .

@highlight

Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close has a story worth telling , but it deserves better than the treacly and pretentious treatment director Stephen Daldry gives it .