It 's no improvement on Bad Santa , or National Lampoon 's Christmas Vacation , for that matter .
Fred Claus will never go down in history as a holiday classic , or even one of Vaughn 's better known films , but a sterling cast lifts up what could have been easy mediocrity .
A turbulent ride that shifts tonal gears and messages like oscillations in the weather , ending in mythological frostbite .
Fred Claus is not an entirely bad picture , but it is a decidedly bland one .
Vaughn 's act may be toned down a bit , but he still plays the same fast-talking , quip-spouting arrogant schmuck that he usually does , and it wears thin real fast .
Rather than creating imaginative situations for Vaughn to explore , director David Dobkin merely asks that Vaughn be himself , as if his personality were big enough to wring humor out of a comic vacuum .
Unfortunately , this is a broad family comedy that depends on odd sound effects -LRB- zonks ! splat ! -RRB- during every scene ...
Does it make me a Scrooge to suggest that this is one piece of holiday coal you should leave in your stocking ?
Fred Claus wo n't make us forget `` Rudolph , '' `` Frosty '' or even `` The Santa Clause . ''
It is a joyless rehash of old plots and jokes . File `` Fred Claus '' under lump of coal .
Paul Giamatti is forced to play Santa like a socially awkward version of Vince Vaughn
There are no laughs from the material , which wants to be edgy but ca n't go for broke because it 's too busy being a trifling piece of holiday cheer but without the cheer .
Fred Claus tries desperately for a Bad Santa meets Elf vibe . Five minutes in , the man sitting next to me was sound asleep .
The actual effect of films such as this , however , is to put you in an entirely non-Christmas , non-joyous and non-charitable mood .
An archly mirthless comedy .
Fred Claus is in the grand tradition of a certain type of Yuletide farce - one that 's about as funny as a crushed bauble in your egg nog .
The spirit of Scrooge surges strong within me having watched this chillingly cynical and unfunny Christmas movie .
DICK VAN DYKE had an excuse for doing a terrible Cockney accent in Mary Poppins - he is American . But how Brit Rachel Weisz can explain her `` you wot '' effort in Fred Claus is anyone 's guess .
It 's not exactly It 's A Wonderful Life , with Vaughn 's trademark blokeishness starting to jar , Giamatti strangely miserable and the laughs generally thin on the ground .
You 'll have a better time if you spend Christmas wedged up a chimney .
This is one of those flicks that attempts to appeal to adults at a nudge , nudge , wink , wink , more salacious level while keeping the kids happy . It never really works .
More no no no than ho ho ho , Vince Vaughn 's crime against cinema is a worthy winner of this year 's Deck The Halls prize for least welcome Christmas present . Make no mistake : Fred Claus is the real Bad Santa .
Dobkin 's film is lit up by a couple of genius scenes : first , a siblings support-group attended by Frank Stallone , Stephen Baldwin and Roger Clinton ; second , a superb in-joke triggering Spacey 's redemptive thaw-out , stoking a festive glow against the odds .
Fred Claus is n't especially funny but it 's well made , superbly acted and entirely watchable , provided you can stomach the sentimentality levels .
It creates a seasonal glow , but inconsistencies keep Fred Claus off the ` Nice ' list this Christmas .
What seems like fertile comedy territory turns out to be as barren as the North Pole .
While it tries to bring a new premise into the mix -LRB- Santa Claus has a cranky older brother -RRB- , the result is just as humorless and stale as the Tim Allen 's The Santa Clause trilogy .
Vince Vaughn 's famously rude Wedding Crasher gets macho with Ludacris as a m-igitalized feisty Santa elf , while huddling over the pint-sized urinals in the john with another , to clue him about North Pole dirty dancing and romance .
Neither as terrible as it could be nor as funny as it should be , this is a painless way to catch a new holiday movie without getting into a fight about what part was the lamest .
Watching this kind of talent forced to muddle through this minefield of tired and embarrassing jokes is almost enough to make you reject the baby Jesus altogether .
There are plenty of cringe-worthy moments in this overlong seasonal tale ... but Fogelman and Dobkin do manage to find the right mix of sweet and sour .
A great cast fights a losing battle against moldy Christmas movie material in the holiday comedy Fred Claus .
A neat idea badly executed . Early in the film , there are some funny bits , but by the end , the narrative completely loses its way . Without the weight of the personalities involved , the film would be quickly forgotten .
Vaughn is a funny guy in the right vehicle . This is n't it .
Reindeer roadkill .
Look ! It 's the inevitable dance sequence where Vince teaches all the elves the lessons of Footloose , because if there 's one thing you need on the toy assembly line , it 's ` jazz hands . '
A soulless concoction that 's a joy-sinkhole for the whole family .
What is Ludacris doing in this movie ?
While the movie is often undeniably amusing , it 's rarely funny .
Ho-ho-ho-hum ... here 's the annual average holiday `` family '' film .
A true Christmas classic to take the whole family to and enjoy . Put up your tree in anticipation of this film and get in the spirit , because this film will definitely cause you too .
The movie is less ho-ho-ho than uh-oh , or oh-no .
There is absolutely no way writers were involved in the process that pooped out this holiday turkey .
Fred Claus is a large lump of coal in your pre-holiday stocking sure to give you a stomach ache after eating too much turkey .
There are some scattered big laughs and a sweet message here , so I 'm giving it a mild recommendation .
Hélas , Fred Claus est aussi prévisible que la bouteille de Old Spice que l'on achète à papa ...
You 'd better watch out ! Santa 's brother is coming to town , and the only way to have a holly , jolly Christmas ... is without him !
Do n't make the mistake of misreading this mean-spirited production as a kid-friendly Christmas flick .
With not even its excellent cast to recommend it , Fred Claus is an ill-conceived , charm-less film that will delight neither youngsters nor their parents . From tedium to schmalz , the film tries to be all things to everyone , and succeeds in none
Santa 's mother , who obviously never heard of Dr. Spock , violates important childrearing advice in ` Fred Claus . ' Amusing holiday chaos ensues .
I 'm so glad there 's another Fred movie . I 've been getting Drop Dead Fred and Right Said Fred since I was in middle school .
Fred Claus is pure Vince Vaughn hijinks , but the PG , family-friendly mode may not be his most advantageous venue .
A ho-ho-hum yuletide comedy trying to shoehorn Vaughn 's fast talking wise-guy brand into a warm and fuzzy Christmas confection that seems like it has been focus-grouped to smithereens .
The cast boasts three Oscar winners and two nominees . Normally , such a pedigree would guarantee great performances , at the very least .
As derivative and predictable as any of the holiday comedies of the past few years , providing audiences with at best a handful of laughs . Most of it is uninspired .
The story vacillates between broad , kid-friendly gags and a series of oddly sour riffs on the theme of adult sibling rivalry .
It senselessly dims an idea that should shine as brightly as Rudolph 's nose .
The film is a disaster , with an ending that is exactly the kind of schmaltz Vaughn usually makes fun of .
Vaughn gets plenty of mileage exploring both the painful and fun sides of Fred .
It may not be a new holiday classic , but at least it 's funny .
A complete bust , derivative and uninspired , boring and dull , not funny , not moving and about a half hour too long .
Fred Claus turns out to be not bad for a Santa movie , which I suppose could be interpreted as either faint or excessive praise , depending on your view .
Friend , you may find yourself wondering how we ever survived the holidays without a Christmas dose of Vince .
The satire on globalism and downsizing is also as old as the Clinton administration , but that does n't stop director David Dobkin from selling it like fresh goods .
Unable to sustain its one-note premise , the story foolishly revels in the mythology of Christmas to mask comedic vapidity . The trick does n't work .
There is more plot in the average Geico commercial , so the movie pads itself with detours into sketch ideas that do n't develop past the basic concept .
About as funny as a sack of coal .
A pleasant little seasonal gift .
Ignore this piece of humbug .
Come back Tim Allen , all is forgiven !
The movie 's constantly shifting timbre takes some getting used to , and it 's hard to escape the feeling that a whole lot of actors -LRB- Rachel Weisz , Kathy Bates , Miranda Richardson -RRB- are wasted in a whole lot of roles .
It 's more like a holiday fruitcake : a lot of different chunks of stuff -- some bitter , some sweet , some awful -- half-baked and sent to people low on the Christmas list .
An amiable but awkward Christmas bauble that depends too much on charm substituting for timing .
The eggnog quickly turns sour as the movie alternates between moments both heartwarming and bizarre .
There 's no more fleet talker flapping his lips with free associative aplomb than Vaughn , and he uses his edgy powers for good here .
Award winners like Giamatti , Kathy Bates , Miranda Richardson , Kevin Spacey and Rachel Weisz struggle valiantly to elevate the material , but it 's hopeless .
Like so many secular , big-studio Christmas comedies , this is n't naughty enough to be funny or nice enough to be uplifting .
If Vaughn is trying to test the family-film waters without abandoning his core audience , it does n't work here .
-LSB- Vaughn 's -RSB- naughtiness has never seemed so approachably nice .
The storytelling and focus are all over the map .
The idea that Santa Claus ... is getting the life lessons and not giving them is the surest indicator of how crass this movie is .
It may not be brilliant , but it 's easily the best holiday movie since Elf ...
Paul Giamatti 's oddly soulful turn as Santa stands out like a Christmas cookie atop a septic tank in this randomly plotted and intermittently amusing formula comedy .
A generally fun movie as long as your expectations are low enough . But considering the talent of the cast and filmmakers , Fred Claus should be better -LRB- and funnier -RRB- than this .
... far from the light-hearted , family-friendly comedy its promotional materials have been promising ...
By the time it was over I 'd already shrugged my shoulders , closed up my notebook and managed to inch a few seats closer to the door .
The anemically kooky coal-in-the-stocking comedy feebly employs the same tactics . The toothless slapstick Fred Claus is merely `` ho ho ho '' and a bottle of dumb !
Here 's the newest entry in that curdled genre , the I-Hate-Christmas movie .
a passionless , crappy , made-for-TV-grade , sanitized feel-good fest
Fred Claus is the perfect post-millennial holiday film . It 's funny , smart , wicked , warm , and above all , completely clued-in to our growing crass commercialization of Christmas .
Fred Claus is a tacky would-be comedy about family dysfunction that fronts some Scrooge attitude only to dissolve into slobbering sentimentality and canned uplift .
-LSB- Fred Claus -RSB- has apparently studied Elf and figured out everything that could have gone wrong with its fish-out-of-water Christmas fable .
Fred Claus ends up closer in spirit to Eugene O'Neill than it is to Dr. Seuss .
Freely mixing reality therapy , fairy tale and satire , Dobkin 's film does not maintain a consistent tone .
The best children 's stories are the simplest , and this one 's a complicated mess .
A Santa story you 've never heard before turns into a bright holiday package - filled with pure enjoyment for kids .
Is n't there a verse in Revelations that proclaims when Tim Allen makes a funnier Christmas movie than Vince Vaughn , end times are a-comin ' ?
David Dobkin directs with some sparkle , but without the sustained energy he brought to Shanghai Knights -LRB- 2003 -RRB- or Wedding Crashers -LRB- 2005 -RRB- .
Fred Claus is like alump of coal , the kind of thing that no one in their right mind would possibly want to receive for Christmas and the kind of thing that could only be useful to people when set ablaze .
It 's like they took the most tiresome elements of 10 different holiday films and patched them together into one ugly quilt .
Boasting one of the least imaginative idea-to-execution screenplays to come along in memory , all the film has is some ad libbing from Vince Vaughn to keep the film afloat from the ill-inspired direction of David Dobkin .
It 's not offensive . It 's not stupid . It will not cause you to go running out of the theater screaming , while holding your hands over your ears and eyes . It 's just blah .
One wonders what made producer Joel Silver think this bizarre mix of incompatible genres would be a potential hit . Santa may have to skip his house for every winter holiday to come .
a fragile premise stuffed with hollow Christmas jokes
Even though Vaughn knows how to build a pretty good performance out of little more than exasperated eye-rolling , he 's just coasting here , and his scenes with Giamatti have no weight and no energy .
Fred Claus does n't know if it wants to be naughty or nice .
Fred Claus wants to be both naughty and nice -- and still get some sort of present .
Bah . Humbug .
This movie takes a good thing and runs it deep into the ground , leaving behind a frothy trail of sentimentality .
If you must haul the kids to yet another annual -LRB- per -RRB- version of A Christmas Carol , you could do a lot worse than this cheeky , modestly edgy caper from Wedding Crashers director David Dobkin and screenwriter Dan Fogelman .
Re-teaming with Wedding Crashers director David Dobkin , Vince Vaughn plays the eponymous character , Santa 's crankier and considerably less charitable older brother , while doing all the riffing his PG straitjacket will allow .
An insipid Christmas comedy .
How many laughs can one movie try to squeeze out of Vaughn being attacked by elves ? Sadly , it 's an awful lot .
Holiday comedy 's no classic , but it 's OK for kids .
Joins the unsavory ranks of holiday entertainment that is n't entertaining and has little holiday cheer . This is a sinful missed opportunity for all involved .
Vaughn is marvelous dancing with the elves , but plot digressions that take much too long to resolve and mangled special effects are a distraction and a nuisance .
Fred Claus seems a clever installment , not a seasonal classic , a buffet whose many nibbles you sample , move on and quickly forget .
Vaughn 's con-man jive does n't get much play in this one ; he spends most of his time as a bitter creep , and the writing -LRB- by Dan Fogelman -RRB- is n't sharp enough to make the hipster-at-the-North-Pole theme pay off in any meaningful way .
Once -LSB- Fred -RSB- goes north the whole movie goes south .
An engaging idea gets mostly lost amid underdeveloped characters , a pointless subplot and creepy CGI .
By trying to be both naughty and nice , it exhibits a split personality ... the mixture of the jaded and the juvenile just does n't gel .
-LSB- A -RSB- silly flick that 's just a little bit profound in its goofiness , -LSB- a -RSB- wonderland of schtick that touches on the dark flipside of all the ho-ho-ho and enforced jolliment of the Holiday Season -LRB- TM -RRB- .
Vince Vaughn is Superman .
John Michael Higgins is disturbingly shrunken a la Lord of the Rings . How does the Actors ' Union of Little People , if there is such a thing , feel about this ?
The film 's multitude of flaws might be more easily forgiven if the movie did n't overstay its welcome by at least a half-hour .
the film does score points for being big and shiny , featuring some very funny moments and a warm-and-fuzzy ending that will appeal to all but the biggest Scrooges out there .
Veers awkwardly from shrill , slapsticky physical humour to diabolical meanness -LRB- courtesy of Spacey as an efficiency expert -RRB- to reheated , snuggly sentiments about the importance of love and family .
Constructed like a rattling Santa sack of stocking stuffers , most of them plastic , doled out with little confidence about what adults want from a jingle-bell comedy -LRB- we want Elf ! -RRB- , and even less about what engages a kid -LRB- they want Elf ! -RRB- .
A holiday fable far too safe and toothless to take advantage of Vince Vaughn 's ribald strengths .
With Santa Claus movies like Fred Claus , who needs Ebenezer Scrooge ?
The exceptional cast -- Vaughn , Giamatti , Kathy Bates , Kevin Spacey , Rachel Weisz -- is an embarrassment of riches for a script this thin and this beholden to family-fare protocol , with its mushy-minded moral and slick sentimentality .
Not only surpassed the lame promises of its advertisements , it proved to be one of the best films I 've seen all year . Has that rare wonderful mix of warmth , depth , and funny .
The burden of having a famous sibling seems fraught with comedic possibilities , but whatever potential existed has been squandered and then some in Fred Claus , dumping coal into everyone 's holiday stocking .
So calculated in its sentimentality that it almost feels cynical .
FRED CLAUS is from the ` of course ' school of formulaic filmmaking , but it makes a good job of a tough sell
Not a flake on the ground and we already have our first lump of coal .





@highlight

A slew of talent is wasted in this contrived and overly sentimental Christmas film , which ca n't quite get the balance between slapstick humor and schmaltzy uplift .