What might be therapeutic for the families is not perhaps meant for public consumption . After all , few things are more private than the last minutes of a life .
All that United 93 can tell us ... is that many people are brave and some people are dastardly .
It 's a difficult and upsetting experience but a worthwhile one , which will linger in your mind long after the film ends .
Above all , one truth remains : the sacrifice of the 40 passengers on Flight 93 is truly remarkable . The film portrays their courage in the face of staggering odds in its own subjective and respectful way . It achieves what it wants as a film .
A black hole
A flawed , but gripping well-crafted piece of drama ...
This is not a film you go to for enjoyment , but because you have a duty to endure it .
This is first-rate , visceral filmmaking : taut , watchful , free of false histrionics , as observant of the fear in the young terrorists ' eyes as the hysteria in the passenger cabin , and smart enough to know this material does n't need to be sensationalized .
a real-time reconstruction of events on the doomed flight that manages to encapsulate all the anxieties and sorrows of our age .
I can say that United 93 has been done well -- with intelligence , compassion , efficiency -- and yet still question whether it was worth doing .
A supreme achievement .
Amazingly detailed in its narrative cohesion and editing , United 93 is a noble tribute to the tragedy of 9/11 .
Greengrass recreates the attacks on the World Trade Center utilizing existing news footage and it still retains the horror of that day . Despite knowing the ultimate outcome of this film , UNITED 93 is a harrowing and important film .
Cinema verite at its very best !
Unlike ` World Trade Center , ' this harrowing chronicle has scarcely a hint of Hollywood . ... ` United 93 ' ... thrusts itself into the heart of the action , whether you 're ready to go there or not .
Greengrass takes pains to keep events believable and relatively unrhetorical , rejecting entertainment for the sake of sober reflection , though one has to ask how edifying this is apart from its reduction of the standard myths .
... a story about the resolve of a group of strangers that banded together in the most difficult of times to do what they knew in their hearts was right .
In a way , the film is a memorial . It honors the passengers who fought back by visualizing their experience and imprinting it on our screens for years to come .
Un tenso y atrapante relato que imagina , con un realismo casi documental , lo que pudo haber sucedido a bordo del fatídico vuelo .
Impossible to recommend as a great Friday night out , yet agonisingly vital as thought-urging cinema .
It 's a film for our time .
United 93 terrifyingly conveys the nature of the threat facing the world today and poignantly conveys onscreen the decision by a few brave individuals to fight back .
reminds you how profound an effect a movie can have . How the hand guiding the camera , can dive into your guts , twist them around , and rip out feelings you never knew about
... a visceral , emotionally wrenching film and an appropriate , honorable tribute to the genuine heroes on that fateful flight .
In 111 gripping minutes , United 93 tells a real life story whose ending we already know , delivering a tense and engrossing drama , in a moment of time when the world dramatically altered forever .
With United 93 , abandon your hope at the theater door . You know the ending , and it is no happy one ...
Maybe 100 years from now someone will make a film that is n't so gentle , so tentative .
truly incredible
Greengrass is a refined political artist , but United 93 goes pretty much entirely for gut reactions .
With an emphasis on the facts recovered since the incident and a refusal to hold back , United 93 paints a startling and unsettling picture of one of the most terrible incidents in recent history .
The best film of the year so far .
It is the film of the year . I needed to lie down in a darkened room afterwards . So will you .
United 93 stands as a towering , unforgettable testament to the bravery of the people who died that morning .
This movie obviously is n't for everyone ...
Ultimately , United 93 leads to a dozen people fighting for their lives over about 12 minutes . Is there a message about the overall event ? I do n't see it .
Gripping , harrowing and ultimately devastating , this is a powerful , visceral film with strong performances and razor-sharp direction throughout .
United 93 might be an insular response to a global tragedy , but -- taken on its own , limited terms -- it is powerful and sincere , giving reign to pity and fear without indulging jingoism or sentimentality . For that at least it deserves applause .
It 's chilling in its simplicity .
One of the most powerful films of this or most any year of recent memory .
Greengrass winds up mythologizing the actions of the passengers aboard United 93 , which is n't entirely fair to them or to us , the viewer .
We all know how it ends ; the tension is wondering when the characters onscreen will figure out the 9-11 master plan
It is emotionally raw yet unsentimental ; it shows people at their most pained and inspirational ; it is both brilliant and troubling .
This limitation in source material has had a peculiar effect on the script . Never is there a moment of repulsive sentimentality or exploitation , but neither is Greengrass able to realize an ultimate purpose .
There are no cheap Hollywood touches and no exploitation , only a tribute to the terror , confusion and courage of that awful day .
It 's a harrowing and beautiful movie , brilliantly executed , and does justice to its subject . I hope you will reward writer/director Paul Greengrass for his efforts . Not at all exploitative .
A visceral reminder of the gut-churning mundanity of the hijackings ... shows that the blind war on terror ... has been about bombast , symbolism and zealous overreaction .
Un candidat sérieux comme meilleur film de l'année .
If we were there , could we have mustered up the courage to fight back ?
A brilliant and harrowing document of human beings facing unanticipated terrors with a steadfastness that is all the more moving for being completely believable .
Emotionally devastating and yet strangely empty .
A respectful documentation of the flight that fought back
A powerful and moving drama .
It 's one thing to say we 'll never forget ; United 93 asks us to sit down and try to remember .
A sober , humanistic portrait .
It is worth not just seeing , but worth cherishing .
A film every American should see , if only to be reminded of how easy it was for a handful of hijackers armed with razor blades to mount a devastating and demoralizing attack on the most powerful nation on Earth .
United 93 presses hard on raw nerves and then , in its final frame , it literally crushes them . What Greengrass has created is haunting and unshakable , the medium at its full potential .
It is through -LSB- a -RSB- complicated exploration of what it means to be human and the downplayed sacrifice of the passengers that the film achieves its greatest poignancy .
The war is far from over . United 93 is a great film , which should bring that message home .
A heartbreaking account of a security breach and act of terror so horrifying , we might not believe it onscreen if we did n't know it to be true .
It 's hard to imagine a less sensationalized 9/11 film than United 93 .
It plays out in such a shockingly authentic way that we feel like we 're right there . And what makes this film vitally important is the way it challenges us to examine ourselves without ever making a big statement .
The material itself makes it seem less like an attempt at examination , understanding or some kind of closure than like picking at an unhealed wound and reopening it .
Greengrass is so determined not to exploit the deaths by ` entertaining ' moviegoers that his film becomes almost an academic exercise -- an experiment to determine at what point deadpan dramatization plus audience anticipation equal emotional devastation .
Even the undeniable heroism of the passengers on United 93 does n't edify as it should .
If this were a work of complete fiction , it would be an absolutely riveting thriller . That it 's based on actual events makes it all the more horrific , and heartbreaking .
A fear-mongering exercise at best , a prolongued and agonizing snuff film at worst .
This raw docudrama is too jarring and painful to recommend to a wide audience .
A film of limited ambition that may be before its time .
it 's a respectable extrapolation that does n't paint the terrorists as villains or the passengers as heroes . The movie does n't need to .
When the public is ready , it 'll be considered a classic .
As you would expect , this is not an easy film to watch . It is intensely sad and it brings up powerful emotions . At the same time , I did not leave the theater emotionally wrecked . United 93 is ultimately a healing experience .
Unbeatable , visceral and memorable .
It has more to say about our collective failure , our rage , our sadness , our faith , our courage , our mistakes , and our regret than a million reviews -LRB- including this one -RRB- .
Once again , a huge group of Americans -- moviegoers , this time -- will share an experience , remember , and reflect .
The very act of depicting the events with such detached frankness makes for a far more gripping experience than any cinematic embellishments might provide .
God bless director Paul Greengrass , who finds the perfect tone for this gut-wrenching reenactment .
Intense , numbing and disturbingly surreal ... perhaps one of the most confrontational and courageous piece of significant entertainment ... lingering -LSB- with -RSB- potent inquisitiveness .
Claustrophobic as hell , as director Paul Greengrass puts you right into that damned plane and wo n't let you out .
Greengrass is most effective in how he injects the mundane with profundity .
Perfect approach for this hard-to-watch story .
People say that it 's ` too soon ' to explore 9/11 in a film . They may be right .
A powerful and engrossing account undiluted by the sentimentality that often mars Hollywood depictions of history .
Like a photo dusted and wrinkled under a microscope by forensic investigators , the fingerprints of rights-clearances lawyers sadly mar and blur the picture 's focus .
United 93 is a tactful eulogy that could have been ravaged by a Jerry Bruckheimer-esque production of fiery explosions , Aerosmith tracks and Ben Affleck cameos .
Audiences might not be ready to see it , but Greengrass chose the right time to make what will last as a precise , necessary document of our era .
The supposed centerpiece of the movie is its least involving part . There 's a crude transition from the ground docudrama to in-air melodrama that occurs about halfway through .
... a gut-wrenching re-creation that represents a triumph -- a heartbreaking triumph , but a triumph nonetheless -- of you-are-there filmmaking .
Be prepared . United 93 is overwhelming , telling a story we 've all come to know so very well . It will be one of the most affecting movies you 'll ever see -- if you can bring yourself to see it , that is .
... this is a picture we all must see .
... left me feeling curiously unmoved and even slightly resentful .
... for all its shock value , it is never exploitative , and it has something important to say .
... a powerful and thoughtful dramatization of the terrorist crash of United Flight 93 ...
Strictly in movie terms -LRB- after all , it 's a movie -RRB- , United 93 slips from suspense film to disaster film to horror film .
Reverent yet provocative ...
The well-made and heartfelt United 93 is , by every possible definition , a superb film and a worthy memorial .
United 93 is one of the most important , necessary , and difficult films of our time .
... riveting ...
It is a docudrama done with great sensitivity , and with unerring judgment in the writing and in the depiction of the passengers and hijackers .
There 's nothing about United 93 that qualifies as entertainment in the traditional sense : It is an unpleasant , wrenching experience , which is just as it should be .
By sticking to the facts , Greengrass has created a surprisingly effective tribute to the heroism of common people and a cautionary tale that demands to be seen .
... Paul Greengrass is to be commended for presenting the events as humanely and scrupulously as he does .
Paul Greengrass 's United 93 is beyond devastating . His film about the events of Sept. 11 , 2001 , is all the more numbing because it is handled with such dignity and efficiency .
For those who can stomach the concept , United 93 does have its effective moments , especially the riveting final 20 or so minutes .
Others have attempted to tell us about Flight 93 , but Greengrass may have made the definitive account , allowing his movie to unfold in real time .
... a film that honors its subject with solemnity ...
... you come out feeling that the filmmakers have done the right thing by this day .
It 's an intensely sobering experience and you 'll have to decide for yourself if you 're ready to re-live those moments .
The film could have watered the seeds of fear and hate inside us ; instead , we found our hearts going out to people everywhere facing incomprehensible events .
The movie does n't cop out into cheap melodrama , never turning the hijackers into cardboard villains and never glorifying one passenger or crew member over the others .
Too soon too soon too soon . How can I bear to watch this ? I do n't even know which 9/11 conspiracy theory to believe yet . Or maybe not too soon . How can I bear not to watch ?
United 93 swells with immeasurable heart and hope where it could have been empty or crassly exploitative , and its exhausting , emotionally draining greatness comes from an unadorned story of humanity 's personal resolve in one finite moment .
Some human beings rise about the crowd in grandeur , leave a warm glow every time we think about them and imprint us with their nobility . United 93 shows us what GLORY is all about .
In its fitful remembering , United 93 raises important questions about the making of history .
I can not tell you whether you are ready to see this movie . I can only tell you that when you are ready , this respectful , heart-wrenching , quietly devastating movie will be the one you want to see .
Whatever monument is eventually built at Ground Zero or anywhere else , United 93 is as fitting and worthy a memorial to the victims and heroes of September 11 as one could hope for .
Who knew those heartless , shameless , money grubbing bastards in Hollywood could make a stunning and emotional film like this ? It 's never too soon to honor true American heroes . United 93 is clearly the first great film of 2006 .
A tasteful , shattering document of a grim day in American history .
... a gripping story of fanaticism , fear , heroism and the human animal in all its shadings .
Writer/director Paul Greengrass has brilliantly and movingly threaded the needle .
A unique film about a unique event ... but what will we think of United 93 in five years or , for that matter , fifty ?
... one of the most harrowing , viscerally upsetting films ever made .
There 's no way to watch United 93 , Paul Greengrass ' heartbreaking , pulse-pounding drama about the lone hijacked commercial airliner that failed to reach its target on Sept. 11 , 2001 , and not anticipate the dreadful outcome .
It is a movie that takes us where we do n't want to go but need to .
... heartbreaking and powerful .
... a precise , thorough and unsentimental record , filled with indelible images that will prove hard to forget .
Greengrass ' own formidable version brings -LSB- the story of United Airlines Flight 93 -RSB- to life -- and to death -- with a bluntness and nobility that are almost too hard to bear .
... United 93 is a riveting docudrama as compelling as it is odd .
Intelligently and impeccably made ...
This is art engaging grim reality in the hope of perspective , understanding and perhaps even closure .
... in telling the story of the one terrorist-commandeered jet that did not hit its target on Sept. 11 , 2001 , United 93 does so much right .
United 93 is an exhausting but commanding work of art .
To watch United 93 is to be confronted with the grim chaotic reality of that autumn day in 2001 .
It 's a sensitive , brilliant , uncynical re-creation , one that seeks not to exploit the dead but to commemorate them .
Pure power .
Greengrass has created an almost masochistic ritual that is hard to appreciate in a traditional cinematic way .
I still ca n't stop shaking .
We needed this movie .
This is a great movie for many reasons , but its greatness is almost beside the point .
... Paul Greengrass has taken the all-too-familiar events of 9/11 and has created an emotionally charged human drama without stooping to melodramatics or sensationalizing .
A testament as inescapable as the memorial now going up at Ground Zero .
It might be too soon to watch a movie about the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 . Nonetheless , a fitting tribute to the passengers of United 93 is long overdue .
While there are many stories to be told that we have n't heard yet , there will never be a better film made about 9/11 than Paul Greengrass ' United 93 .
Writer/director Paul Greengrass never pulls any punches , always presents us a view of how harrowing this day was , but never exploits it or resorts to Hollywood histrionics .
Good luck having a ` nice day ' after leaving this film . You 'll be an emotional wreck in need of a hug .
Here 's a movie that I did n't want to see , did n't enjoy seeing and would n't wish upon anyone else .
... defiantly star-less , defiantly deglamorized , defiantly devoid of Hollywood hero worship - and all the more riveting because of it .
Greengrass has put forth a fine effort , eschewing hysterics and refusing to pander to those who would prefer a propaganda exercise to a serious film .
... superb ... haunting .
Stands tall as it pays tribute to the Americans that gave their lives that day in the name of freedom .
Two hours of cinema that is uncomfortable and sobering to withstand , but impossible to take your eyes off of .
United 93 may be the best movie I ever hated .
... a respectful , accomplished , non-exploitative piece of historical filmmaking ...
... hard to watch , but impossible to turn away from .
... beat for beat , the whole thing plays out very much according to the Hollywood playbook .
It 's a mark of Greengrass ' unequaled gift for believably re-creating reality that , once seen , it 's impossible to get United 93 out of your mind , no matter how much you may want to .
Although the film has been made with great finesse , it is devoid of showbiz exploitation .
The film is lean , harsh and remarkably free of cant .
It easily ranks as the best movie so far this year .
It 's hard to imagine any American not being moved by this film .
Not much different than visiting the dentist for a root canal and needing a heart transplant when you leave .
United 93 is n't just another antiseptic deconstruction of buildings destroyed or far off countries invaded ; it 's a film that gives the tragedy back to the innocent lives angrily taken away .
... a sober , unsentimental film , and it plays out like a documentary might ...
... probably the best nearly unwatchable movie ever made .
... a monumental achievement that stands above any film this year .
One hundred and eleven minutes : That 's all the time it takes for a movie to go from indefensible to indispensable .
... United 93 is an exemplary attempt to relive history , inspired and powerful .
United 93 does n't provide tidy answers or emotional catharsis , but it is a courageous exploration of painful issues .
Writer-director Paul Greengrass ' United 93 is nothing short of a direct refutation of all the conventional Hollywood wisdom concerning how such a movie should be made .
Intense , unflinching and well done .
Compassionate , intense , agonizing documentary-style reenactment , unfolding in real time .
Many people feel United 93 is `` too soon '' , and I certainly wo n't argue with anyone 's need for time to heal . But when it is n't too soon , this film demands to be seen .
The knowledge of what 's to come allows Greengrass to build almost unbearable tension reinforced by his characters ' ignorance , and later , their slow realization of what 's going on .
A viscerally lacerating , emotionally wrenching experience ... that melds the starkness of documentary with the power of drama .
You can practically taste the tepid cabin air and smell the hodgepodge of colognes and deodorants of the passengers stacked beside you . You eye the terrorists with angst . Once the hijack occurs , you feel the fear pulsing throughout the plane .
Writer-director Greengrass recreates events of 9/11/01 with astonishing intensity .
Respects the brave airborne innocents who stood up to save the lives of others on the ground . May they inspire us to courageously & aggressively live our best lives .
not just respectful in that it does n't sentimentalize those who died , it 's also a gripping drama made all the more potent for being played out by ordinary people rising to the occasion
One of the most gripping and deeply upsetting films I 've ever seen . I honestly left the theater shaking with a combination of anxiety , anger and sadness I have n't felt since the days immediately following 9/11 .
At no point during United 93 does it feel like you 're watching a movie . It feels like you 're there . And , yes , this is is a truly terrible , sickening feeling . The film is as raw as an exposed nerve -- which is exactly how it should be .
Ultimately , United 93 is a regurgitation of suspicious media-fueled speculation about events on an airplane that we know very little about .
Bracingly , it strikes at the heart of how far we 've come since 9/11 . And how far we have n't .
It is undeniably the most gut-wrenching and captivating film released this year .
I 've never had a more excruciating moviegoing experience in my life , and as brilliantly crafted -- and as adamantly unexploitive -- as the picture is , it still leaves you wondering why it was made in the first place .
Vital for all Americans to see . If not now , when ?
Greengrass has managed to create a taut , extraordinarily haunting film .
When I compile my Top 10 list of films for 2006 , United 93 will be on it , and almost certainly close to the top .
United 93 is a shattering , yet effective tribute to men and women who , when faced with unimaginable terror and all-but-certain death , dared to resist their fate using whatever they could get their hands on .
Their story is told with devastating realism , stirring up a fresh sense of horror and erasing five years ' distance from the attacks .
For me , Paul Greengrass ' meticulously researched movie was a deeply cathartic experience .
Not since Bowling for Columbine has a movie left me so shaken up or so close to tears ; that alone is a testament to Greengrass ' achievement .
This is the best movie so far this year -LSB- and -RSB- I think it 's the most important film .
With events as well known as these , Greengrass does n't need to sensationalize . The film is more powerful when he un - sensationalizes .
A few people made extraordinary use of those tormented minutes , and United 93 fully honors what was original and spontaneous and brave in their refusal to go quietly .
An honest approach that conforms in all its exacting detail to the responsibilities the film carries as its basic requirement .
The stench of death and dread permeates every frame of United 93 , but it is nowhere near as strong as the stink of synergy .
A fresh and powerful reminder of the day the music died .
United 93 is almost too much to bear . Greengrass softens none of the blows of these horrific events .
Greengrass has made not only a thoroughly fact-checked film but a film that uncontrovertibly comes from the heart .
Taut , visceral and predictably gut-wrenching .
-LSB- Paul Greengrass -RSB- keeps a cataclysmic story scaled to the vulnerable men and women involved .
Like most memorials , it is respectful , premised on competing obligations to the dead and the living , and eager to stress that the deaths were not in vain . It not only tells us we should never forget but also illustrates how we should remember .
No film and no subject are above criticism : United 93 is a respectful tribute but decidedly not a great or a must-see picture . Ultimately , the film 's merits are in raising questions about the politics of representation and politics of entertainment .







@highlight

Potent and sobering , United 93 treats the subject matter with respect , never resorting to Hollywood aggrandizement .