It plants resonant doubts .
The film is as much about who killed Sid Vicious as who killed Nancy Spungen , but an enthralling and touching story all around .
Fails as a detective story , but it does offer an entertaining look at the punk scene in the 1970s .
Cares less about investigating a death than about vindicating an accused killer .
Documentary about the death of Nancy Spungen raises more questions than it can satisfactorily answer .
Despite the presence of Glen Matlock , Steve Dior and a handful of other punk rockers , plus a slew of oblique eyewitness who lurked around before and after the fact , the docu soon bogs down in tiresome minutiae .
Simply casting doubts is n't the same as making a compelling counterargument -- or crafting a coherent film .
Cheesy exploitation punk rock history takes a random path around the mystery of Nancy Spungen 's death ...
An unnecessary retelling of rock 's dingiest `` legend '' -- ever get the feeling you 've been cheated ?
While Parker may be a sure hand at gathering material , he 's pretty much clueless when it comes to shaping his findings into an aesthetically viable product .
An account that did n't alter my belief that , of all the rock stars who have died young , the Sex Pistols ' bassist-cum-mascot is the least interesting .
A messy , mildly interesting documentary .
It 's a sad story : but more rigorous detective work could have been done .
More than just third hand testimonials from desperate liggers , Parker paints a portrait of the murky side of punk .
For an exposé very little is actually revealed , but as a neon-lit trawl through '70s New York , it 's worth a look .
Parker 's film feels clouded by his obvious posthumous adoration of the enigmatic Sid . His witnesses are less than credible and his argument feels fumbled .
A very watchable but frustratingly inconclusive investigation into a classic punk whodunit .
It 's a shoddy , sensational and unfocused documentary .
Who Killed Nancy ? is most engrossing when it settles into a comfortable VH1 Behind the Music groove , complete with artsy animation and low-budget recreations .
We get too little Sid here - not a smidgeon of his great rendering of `` My way '' - and too many partial `` witnesses '' who insist Sid could n't have done the crime .

@highlight

The titular question remains unanswered . We still do n't know after this inconclusive , and shallow investigation into the seedier depths of Punk .