It 's just as good - if not better - than the original .
The animation by which it stands or falls is as brilliant as ever and , though it would n't really be right to call it totally anti-Disney , it certainly trumps that institution for sharpness of focus , notably as far as the screenplay is concerned .
All hail the angriest rebel since James Dean . All right , he 's green , pot-bellied , and has the social graces of a slug . But in terms of attitude ? Peerless .
Go and see Shrek 2 . You 'll enjoy yourself thoroughly . Only the churlish could find any faults .
Donkey , with his endless asides and phenomenally thick skin , is as much of a pleasure as he was in the first film , but he has a challenger : Puss in Boots , voiced by Antonio Banderas .
Do n't get me wrong . I 'm not sulking . I liked Shrek 2 . Honest . Kids will like Shrek 2 . Most mums and dads will like Shrek 2 . My problem is this : I did n't love it the way I loved Shrek .
There 's no denying that Shrek 2 is fun , but it 's fun without substance , and like the bubbles in the Fairy Godmother 's potions , it evaporates quickly .
It 's a close call as to which one 's better .
It 's not often that a sequel is richer and deeper than the original creation , especially when we 're talking about the offerings of Hollywood . But Shrek 2 is the exception .
The characters are still charming , the animation really is spectacularly smooth and expressive , and the Looney Tunes-style humor and pop-culture in-jokes are as inventive and hilarious as before .
Shrek 2 is as much of a shriek as the original and if they keep putting out films as charming as this one , we 'll all live happily ever after .
Like the original , Shrek 2 remains exceptional value for money for all age groups and essential winter viewing .
There 's no narrative , just half-hearted episodes punctuated by occasionally brilliant shtick .
Shrek 2 retains all the fun , artistry and pop stylings of Shrek .
The movie is obvious , but consistently entertaining and animated in DreamWorks 's `` realistic '' digitized style .
Shrek 2 does not feel like a sequel . It 's very funny , very fresh , and leaves one anxious for the next installment .
If fall movies were this consistently clever , there would never be reason to hesitate before plunking down hard-earned bucks at the multiplex .
There 's plenty of subtle satire and double entendres for young and old alike to savour .
A minor improvement on the original , and so a major triumph . Donkey bags the heartiest laughs , but Puss-In-Boots adds plenty of cream on top .
Shrek was no ordinary animated film , and Shrek 2 is , rarer still , proving every bit as cute , clever and funny as the original .
Can an ogre live happily ever after ? Can fairy tale characters be content with their fairy tale lives ? Can an Oscar-winning animated success generate a successful sequel ? To all these questions , Shrek 2 is happy to answer yes , yes and yes .
This second edition of DreamWorks 's Oscar-winning ogre opus may not match the original for , well , originality , but it honors the prime injunction governing sequels : To thine own characters be true .
The lovable characters remain , but they never do much of interest in a sequel that 's safely above average but superfluous .
A rare example of a sequel that 's better than the original .
Just as much fairytale fun as the first one .
A pointless sequel with barely any humor , a drab plot , and a concept that is so derivative , it really angered me .
Engaging and awe-inspiring animation once again elevates Shrek 's world to fantastic heights , and the laughs are just as freewheeling as we have come to expect .
Like the first movie this is unassailable family entertainment , with a gentle fairy tale for kids and a raft of mildly satirical pop-culture references for parents .
Much of it is good , but other moments feel uninspired , as if Sleeping Beauty had a hand in writing the script .
One could n't ask for a better sequel than Shrek 2 .
The animation 's slick in a cautious , cute , conventional kind of way , and some scenes are really very funny .
Shrek 2 is the rare sequel that can compete with the original .
Perhaps this sequel no longer has the shock of the new , but the animation is stupendous , with breathtaking effects of light and detail , the gags come thick and fast and the musical numbers are uproarious .
Delivers neither less , nor more , than its wildly popular predecessor .
All the cast are uniformly excellent in their roles .
While Shrek 2 bowls merrily along on the fuel of firecracker wit and knowing pastiche that made the original so memorable , it will come as no surprise that second time around we do n't feel quite so discombobulated by its brilliance .
The most accurate way to sum up Shrek 2 is that it is exactly like the original .
You 'll be laughing from the first five minutes .
It ends up not so much an extension of Shrek 's story as an improved retelling . -LSB- It 's -RSB- critique applies to any culture that has codes of behavior and appearance .
A rambunctious pop-culture fairy tale that tops the original ... In this magic potion , mirth is mixed with a pleasant message in the beauty-is-only-skin-deep category .
Oh , Antonio ; as a human you are -- forgive me -- less than convincing , but as a marmalade pussycat in shiny black thigh-high boots you are absolutely sensational .
Great amusement , spectacular visuals , and a wholesome story everyone can enjoy .
May not be as novel and refreshing as the 2001 original , but there 's no shortage of energy and visual creativity here .
Manages to undo much of what made its predecessor such a computer-generated joy ride .
a familiar , but funny story of matrimonial turbulence and interfamilial discord ... with a few twisted fairy tale twists , of course
` Perfecto ejemplo del cine del nuevo milenio , así como uno de los logros más importantes en la historia del celuloide . Es , simple y sencillamente , genial e inolvidable . '
At best , hit and miss comedy .
Reader , I laughed and laughed ... It took two tries to get the recipe right , but the Shrek franchise is finally about real beauty .
An enjoyable if not especially imaginative sequel .
Enjoyable sequel that reigns in the satirical bite of the original but still delivers plenty of laughs .
Gauged simply as a gag fest , this is a jolly rib tickle from start to big finish for anyone between six and death . However , it is stretched thinly in development of plot and character .
Twice as irreverent , twice as flatulent and , at times , twice as much fun as the original .
Shrek has become a shill , peddling everything from breakfast cereal to M&M 's . But is the ready-made blockbuster to the original really all that or just more of the same ?
La trama es sencilla pero explosiva , dando pauta a que los más ligeros acontecimientos puedan arrebatarnos sonrisas de irreverencia .
Contando uma história engraçada e interessante , o longa continua a tratar as fábulas com irreverência .
Fe Fi Ho Hum !
The first film had an innocence that made the story feel more real and topical . `` Shrek 2 '' feels very fantastic and improbable .
Shrek 2 is a smorgasbord of delights , with something for all ages .
Would I see it again ? I can think of worse torture .
With a witty premise , an all-star cast and a show-stopping rendition of Holding Out For a Hero as the new movie anthem , what 's not to love ?
In the best Hollywood tradition , Shrek 2 boldly argues against a prejudice nobody actually has .
Shrek 2 shows Dreamworks is finding its own voice in digital animation , a welcome development with Pixar 's uncertain future .
A lovelier movie than the first , but ... not quite as magical .
For the 12 of us who could n't find any value in Shrek , Shrek 2 shows welcomed improvement on this loathsome concept for a feature film .
All and all , everyone in the family should find something to enjoy .
... thoughtful , extensive , focused and energetic without actually being a retread of the past
While it 's not terribly original -- it never takes the premise or characters anywhere new -- you 'll be so busy laughing you wo n't care .
More heart , a few more funny gags , the same thin caricatures and slightly better animation .
Filled with silly gags and pop culture references , this is a fast-paced gem of a movie that will leave you grinning from ear to ear .
This feline-friendly film has definitely clawed its way to the upper echelon of 2004 films .
Film capitalizes on the endearing qualities of the first film and improves on them by adding several hilarious and well-thought characters .
... it is a rewarding experience just to play `` spot the hilarious movie reference '' even if you do n't care about the exploits of Shrek et al. . But you do care .
Antonio for Best Supporting Actor ! Puss in Boots is the best reason to see a film this summer .
The sequel may lack the surprise of the original , but it more than makes up for it in terms of the speed -- and volume -- of pop-culture riffs hitting the screen .
The Shrek gang is back and the new film is better than ever .
Retains the best of the original - funny characters , smart dialogue , sharp wit and a sweet moral - with less of the obnoxious aspects , and an hilarious new character .
The humor is so satisfying in its moment-to-moment pleasures that it 's almost unsportsmanlike to criticize the bigger picture .
Anyone wanting to see well-crafted animated films that do n't rely exclusively on making fun of pre-existing material for their jokes should stick with Pixar .
Serves up heaping helpings of everything fans loved about the first .
With its Meet the Parents vibe and its twisted take on classic fairy tale standards , Shrek 2 is always entertaining and often hilarious .
I have n't left a theatre with this kind of smile on my face since Elf .
The long list of sequels to be released in coming months will have a hard time measuring up to this green giant .
There is distinctly less magic and fun in SHREK 2 as the title ogre has problems becoming accepted by his in-laws .
The cleverness of Shrek 2 carries a manufactured feel , rather than crafted , missing the spontaneity of the first .
Though kids are an afterthought and wo n't catch many of the jokes and quotations , they 'll still have a ball .
Of course Ella Enchanted did the same thing , but what can I do , cry Tommy O'Haver 's praises forever ?
The Oscar-winning ogre is back for another adventure , and thankfully the folks behind this one have n't forgotten what made the first Shrek such an entertaining flick .
There 's much fun in one more romp in the company of the monster with a heart of green-gold .
Is it the second coming of DreamWorks ? No , just the second coming of Shrek , which , frankly , is good enough for me .
Is anybody likely to be disappointed ? Also no , though there is some chance ... that younger children may find the whole thing confusing .
Shrek 2 is a fun film that the whole family can enjoy . I think the adults may enjoy it even more than the kids .
It 's a rare case of the sequel equaling -LRB- and in some ways surpassing -RRB- the original .
Often very amusing , thanks to a droll script by co-director and co-writer Andrew Adamson -LRB- Shrek -RRB- and others and a terrific roster of supporting players .
Product though it is , Shrek 2 is worth watching through the end credits , which are followed by the definitive version of `` Livin ' La Vida Loca . ''
I recommend this movie to anyone who enjoyed the first film and anyone who enjoys fun , fluffy , all-around entertaining animated movies altogether .
The depiction of what is essentially a mixed marriage has more tender nuances than many ` serious ' films that confront the topic outright .
Apart from Antonio Banderas ' sizzling bout of self-parody as Puss in Boots , who boasts a slashing trademark and Latin bravado akin to Zorro 's , Shrek 2 is mostly just dreck squared .
Not a classic by any means , but so what ? It is n't like every hotly anticipated movie has to be , after all .
Is it going too far out on a beanstalk to say that Shrek 2 is one of the most mature movies about adult relationships ever made ?
One viewing is n't enough . There 's layer upon layer of visual gags , and in many cases , they 're funnier than those in the dialogue .
It 's comfortable , easy and warm , and if it leaves you with a slight feeling of déjà vu at the end , what else did you expect ?
Cute , cute , cute is pretty much the defining description of Shrek 2 .
Less magical and falls short of the 2001 Oscar-winning hit -- but that still leaves plenty of room for the new film to entertain .
Sharply funny .
There 's a lot more to Shrek 2 than this ` I 'm - okay - you 're - okay ' idealism , namely non-stop jokes that are clever , surreal and good-natured .
Dreamworks ' attempt to turn random , satire-devoid pop cultural references into the new language of fairy tales .
There is a fine line between name-dropping a product or TV show for laughs and genuinely writing something that is funny on its own merit
Fast , funny , and green . The sequel matches up to the original .
Once or twice a decade , a moment comes along that 's so through-the-roof , rupture-your-hernia funny that it reaffirms my faith in comedy . ` Shrek 2 ' has several of those .
Shrek 2 serves up a heapin ' helping of merriment and mayhem within a spectacular concoction of animated brilliance ! READ ON - >
C'est simple : si vous avez aimé Shrek , vous adorerez Shrek 2 .
` Shrek 2 ' is amusing enough - little kids will adore it and there are enough laughs to keep the elders amused as well .
That rare instance of an important message -LRB- love yourself for what you are -RRB- enclosed in a highly entertaining format .
Shrek 2 '' proves a sequel not only can be good - but can be great .
A sequel that is better and funnier than the original .
This wonderfully animated movie is a little more softly pitched than its predecessor , but it still has plenty of rollicking spin on the ball .
Should ideally be seen twice -- once with kids , once savored at something like a midnight show .
At its best , this Shrek sequel draws up a brilliant new blueprint for all-ages animation , blending fairy-tale whimsy with edgy social satire .
there are pleasures to be had in Shrek 2 , but most of them arrive at the film 's conclusion long after one has begun checking one 's watch
One of the funniest movies I 've seen in years . But I 'm far from sure that it 's a kids ' movie anymore .
If sequels are supposed to repeat their precursors ' pleasures -- such as they are -- then this one appears quite on track . It is all about repetition .
It 's not so much a prediction as a no-brainer that `` Shrek 2 '' is going to be very , very big this summer .
Fairytales like this can come true ... for me and for you .
A languidly paced , beautifully made and amusingly told tale in which , duh , love conquers all with the assistance of a kitty cat that winds up the movie 's top dog .
Clearly , it 's a problem when a movie 's least interesting characters are its title hero and his signficant ogre ...
Still flashy , funny and irreverent , balanced with a keen understanding of its lead characters that makes it more than just franchised eye-candy .
... the villain this time around is Fairy Godmother herself , who acts like a magically powered plastic surgeon .
If Pixar 's Toy Story movies connect with the inner child in all of us , DreamWorks ' Shrek pictures are aimed squarely at our inner adolescent .
... an empty pastiche of references bereft of heart . To its credit , however , there are no Smash Mouth songs this time .
Manages to be a lot of fun while still playing it safe .
Fleet , energetic , and consistently on the ball .
What 's amazingly gutsy about Shrek 2 is its ability to dare to duplicate the infectious wit of its Academy-Award winning predecessor
a charmer of a second chapter that builds on the ideas of the original , introduces a few bright new characters ... and sends the audience home smiling .
None of the jokes stand on their own as jokes ; they depend on the usual boys ' bathroom humor and on pop culture references that range from a bit outdated to very outdated .
Getting to spend more time with these guys is a treat , but ultimately this is a mostly unnecessary sequel .
Somebody warn Ellen Degeneres that her brief reign as best supporting cartoon voice is now in jeopardy .
Lively and fun .
It 's sharp , funny and has a twisted sensibility that manages to be just right for every age group .
Every bit the equal of the first film .
Delivers more fun than there is slime in a green ogre 's swamp .
Funny and forgettable .
Offers twice the fun , twice the pop references and double the amount of astonishing technical wizardry of its predecessor .
Entertaining enough .
The sequel does n't feel like recycled pixie dust thanks to lovably loony new characters and a story crammed with enough pop-culture references to make Quentin Tarantino cry uncle .
The spell cast on the audience is that in the world of Shrek , there 's a bottomless supply of Funny .
The Shrek franchise is alive and well -- Model 2 is zippier , sleeker , with ever-improving graphics , vast commercial potential and the same sly ability to reach out and hook the whole family .
Gags that feel tired , too many musical interludes , a story that does n't really progress from the first film -- Shrek 2 feels a day late and an enchanted princess short .
About 30 minutes into Shrek 2 the movie becomes suddenly and unexpectedly fun .
It 's not quite as emotionally rounded as Shrek was , but it 's got heart and delirium in equal doses , as well as a firecracker rhythm all its own .
It 's even more clever than the first Shrek , with even more advanced animation , and a larger cast that is equal to the original winning trinity of Mike Myers , Eddie Murphy , and Cameron Diaz .
This fractured , very showbizzy deconstruction of fairy tales is in many ways the Godfather : Part II of animations -- it tops its successful predecessor .
Shrek 2 is thoroughly enjoyable and will keep audiences of all ages laughing .
The animation is still startlingly good and that , as well as the occasional bursts of wit , keeps Shrek 2 afloat .
The sequel to the 2001 computer-animated hit is just as fast , funny and smart as fans were hoping it would be .
The thrill is n't quite gone , but almost .
The real humor comes , once again from Murphy , whose Donkey is so genuinely funny and clever that he very nearly steals the film . Except that it 's stolen by Banderas as a rogue Puss In Boots outlaw hired by the King to do in Shrek .
One of the all-too-rare movie sequels that 's better than the original .
It may not be great art , but it 's funny stuff for all ages -- and that 's a rare treat .
Shrek 2 proves that winning writing trumps scenery chewing any day .
Fast and goofy .
A welcome return , even if it wo n't leave you entirely happy ever after .
Shrek 2 is a Hollywood rarity : a sequel every bit as good -- if not better -- than the original .
If the format of Shrek 2 feels somewhat pinched and familiar , the writing does not .
Has the charm , irony and saucy wit of the original .
For many people , especially adults , Shrek 2 will be judged the superior of the two pictures .
A frenetic and very enjoyable 93 minutes at the movies for child and parent alike .
The highly anticipated sequel is a two-headed monster : some love it while others feel it desecrates the memory of the original . Larry Carroll and Todd Gilchrist debate .
Kids will enjoy this fast and funny comedy , but the parents will get more of the jokes .
Shrek would tell Kermit to shove it . Sure , it 's easy being green .
Desperately pleading for our laughs , Shrek 2 offers a small dose of the original 's fun spirit with none of its heart .
Shrek 2 is by no means a bad film . Far from it . However , claims that it 's better than the original are wildly overblown ...
Not as funny as the first film , but the story is richer , more emotionally complex and better written .
A respectable effort and a solid example of family-friendly entertainment .
Shrek 2 will charm audiences much like the original .
The topical humor might not hold up over the years . But whatever -- it 's more than enough to enjoy over the next few weeks as your kids take you back for repeated viewings .
Mixes its spot-on fairy tale digs with a sprawling knowledge of Hollywood history .
Antonio Banderas and the Dreamworks animators have teamed up to create a great character , Puss-in-Boots . Cat ` people ' will love this !
A sequel that is every bit as delightful as the original ... You might not live happily ever after , but you certainly will live happily for 93 minutes .
Move over `` Godfather 2 '' , `` Shrek 2 '' is the new king of sequels
Shrek 2 is that rare sequel that surpasses the original in every way . It 's the first film of the year that I loved from beginning to end .
As much as I loved number one , number two is so much more satisfying .
With more of an epilogue than a sequel , Dreamworks manages to squeeze a few more drops of humor out of William Steig 's beloved ogre .
Funnier than the original .
The first Shrek film was an instant classic , and while Shrek 2 may not be at that same level , it is n't far off .
Like its predecessor , Shrek 2 simultaneously embraces and satirizes fairy tale conventions , so much so that it may be unsuitable for some of the youngest moviegoers .
A giddy stew of pop-cultural references and fairy tales elements , flavored by a witty screenplay and several vigorously funny performances .
The big green guy 's still got it !
-LSB- T -RSB- here I was , clutching my stomach in pain , screaming ... with laughter , in tears . The sheer sensuous delight of laughing like that is plenty to endear 2 to me .
if not a necessary sequel , certainly a welcome one
Shrek 2 is smart and silly and exceedingly beautiful to look at ; it has a romantic heart and a self-deprecating wink ... plus it 's just plain old funny !
Shrek 2 absolutely lives up to the original in every way . It 's just as sweet , just as heartfelt , and just as hilarious .
In a movie filled with imaginative bits , -LSB- Puss In Boots -RSB- emerges as the cat 's meow .
Shrek 2 is exactly what we want in our sequels ; respect for its origins , growth in the characters and an honest attempt to replicate its laugh quotient .
Score one more for the big green ogre .
The writers bombard Puss-in-Boots with cat jokes , and I just could n't stop laughing every time he was on the screen .
Shrek 2 may not be as fresh and new as the original , but you still ca n't stop yourself from lovin ' the big green ogre anyway .
The spirit that made the first film such a charmer survives intact .
Shrek 2 brims with perverse pleasures that show no respect for the rules of kiddie-cartoon form .
A sequel as exhilarating and riotously funny as 2001 's top-grossing original .
Not quite as sparkling as the first , but it gets nuttier as it goes along .
So gorgeously animated and so thoroughly entertaining for all ages that only an ogre would complain it 's not quite as fresh as the original .
This sequel is above average in terms of energy , cleverness and production values . But the original computer-animated blockbuster was so far off the scale that it 's hardly fair to expect this one to measure up .
A solid if not groundbreaking yarn .
Shrek 2 is bright , lively and entertaining , but it 's no Shrek .
Pretensions toward cohesion and character empathy are scuttled in favor of broad-barn gaggery .
A hilarious and heartwarming chip off the old lime-green block .
As funny , sweet and engaging as the first film .
Loved the clever story ; hated the Broadway musical soundtrack .
Predicated entirely on `` Three 's Company '' - quality contrivances , requiring all the characters to behave like jackasses in order for the plot to advance .
The powers behind Shrek got it right . They pulled off the near impossible and created a sequel that 's better than the original .
This is joyous filmmaking , proof that not all fairy tales have to end .
Slick and playful entertainment that remains carefully inoffensive beneath its veneer of bad manners .
I predict this raucously funny , deliciously irreverent comedy will outdraw , outperform and outlast the competition this summer . The ogre rules !
Like Toy Story 2 and the Lord of the Rings sequels , Shrek 2 is that rare adventure follow-up that does n't let you down .
With delightful new characters , Shrek 2 is the compleat family comedy about being happy in one 's own skin -- just what we need in a country obsessed with extreme makeovers .
... the sequel has come close to rivaling the original and you will leave ready to see it all again . I do n't imagine I 'll be writing that compliment often this summer .
Bright , witty and very nearly without a dull patch , the rare followup that matches its predecessor .
Lampoons a number of fairy-tale conventions but engages in the conflict and warmth of un-enchanted humanity .
The appeal of the characters and the abundance of cleverness in the telling will keep viewers grinning , if not always laughing , through most of the picture .
Blazes across the screen with mature , rapid-fire wit ; genuine warmth ; and rainbow-colored visual beauty .
A piecemeal plot that seems to go nowhere and be about nothing and wind up no place , somewhat effectively camouflaged by a number of intriguing but incidental bits .
` Like a spoonful of sugar , this subversive fable goes down delightfully . '
DreamWorks , the supposed anti-Disney , is producing product the unfortunate equal of their archenemy .
A lot of thought , heart and soul went into Shrek 2 and it shows from beginning to end .
Another do n't - miss gem from DreamWorks .
Shrek 2 is one of the great movies of all time .
The film is amusing from start to finish , but one pseudo-video-taped segment of `` KNIGHTS '' -LRB- a `` COPS '' spoof -RRB- rocks the theater . It 's hands down -LRB- or handcuffed -RRB- hilarious .
Parfaits are in order for viewing this sequel that stumbles badly before hitting its stride halfway through its running time
Again presents a world of sight gags , puns , anachronisms and satire within the confines of an off-center fairy tale filled with richly detailed characters and a vibrant sense of fun .
It 's thematically identical to its predecessor , but `` Shrek 2 '' is still a hysterical knockout of a film . Fun , stylish , and totally irresistible .
More than a worthy successor to the original , and more than just a modern-day fairy tale .
Credit Shrek 2 for being the rare sequel that more or less equals its predecessor-the first film was garbage , and so is the second .
Visually accomplished and laden with humour , this provides more of the same kids-entertainment-cum-adult-friendly satire as the first film .


@highlight

It may not be as fresh as the original , but topical humor and colorful secondary characters make Shrek 2 a winner in its own right .