Death Sentence shows there 's even more to -LSB- revenge -RSB- than your own downfall . The cycle you get into spirals out of control . Perhaps it 's more emblematic of Gandhi 's statement ` an eye for an eye only ends up making the whole world blind . '
It 's a gritty , adrenaline-soaked thriller -- and if that 's as deep as you care to dig , you 'll be entertained . But for those who care to contemplate , it 's quite a bit more .
It 's a powerful , visceral revenge flick , and Kevin Bacon does a fine acting job bringing the vigilante to life .
A gritty and gripping revenge fantasy % u2026 Kevin Bacon 's talent and persona to make us sit up and take notice
Death Sentence is a laughably bad exercise in the pornography of sadism and the American appetite which voraciously consumes it .
This Sentence is as grisly and violent as the trailer portends .
I really enjoyed what -LSB- it -RSB- had to offer with takes on morals , war , and the damage violence can do to people in its grasp ...
Bacon , as usual , is very good even when he 's slumming , and as a trashy B-movie redo of Death Wish the movie works well enough for a Saturday afternoon with a case of brewskies .
Death Sentence tries to do two things : be a stirring family drama and a balls-out gore soaked revenge flick . It achieves only one of those goals .
This graphically violent film suffers from cursorily developed characters whose primary function is to advance the creaky plot .
Begins promisingly but ends putridly .
... the film 's schizophrenic nature eventually proves to be its downfall ...
Do n't hire Kevin Bacon for a role you wrote for Charles Bronson .
The graininess of the film generally makes everything look as ugly as it feels . Death Sentence deserves no reprieve .
Think of it as one long worship service in the Church of Vigilante Justice .
Even with its overly stylized look and cartoonish bad guys , Death Sentence is not a film that you can easily shake off .
Death Sentence is a better film than many might expect and also delivers several good doses of action for fans of shoot 'em - ups .
Exploitive and overwrought with extreme violence - one of the worst movies so far this year .
The best that can be said about ` Death Sentence ' is that it does n't try to be too deep or arty .
A parking garage chase is impressive , but Wan 's ultra-kitschy use of melancholy indie-pop music at moments of intense emotion transforms the movie into pure camp .
The practical side , the details of the plot , run to the ridiculous and dampen the film 's more prickly parts .
The morality of revenge is barely at issue in a movie that pushes the plausibility of revenge right over a cliff .
Bacon 's performance ensures that even at its most bombastic , the film remains grounded in truth .
An alternately dull , unintentionally funny and rather ugly movie that wants to have its revenge and decry it , too .
It 's unbelievable and with a few exceptions , not all that exciting .
It 's terrible and it 's so disappointing because I love Kevin Bacon and I love Aisha -LSB- Tyler -RSB- and you have good actors here who are trapped .
Unremittingly stupid , with characters and even a setting that bear no relation to the recognizable world .
Charles Bronson is alive and well in the form of Kevin Bacon .
The theme remains the same only this time the movie gets the James Wan treatment .
Stumbles away from its smart thriller open , completely immerses itself in a one-man vs. gang-of-thugs , love-of-guns flick with Bacon more like Bourne than corp VP .
There 's about six degrees of separation between this and a good movie .
Brutal , senseless , depraved % u2013 but most of all , dumber than dumb - Death Sentence most certainly is complete and total flapdoodle .
With Death Sentence , James Wan continues to beat us over the head , though this time he has the decency to do so with some semblance of human emotion .
As Hume 's life spirals out of control , so too does the film . Director James Wan ... fails at the finer emotional details and at making the action play out believably .
What begins as a family drama centered around the tragic loss of their son , somehow manages to turn into an over-the-top action extravaganza .
slap-dash , sleazy , and unsophisticated .
Some of the scenes in ` Death Sentence ' reminded me of old B-movie Westerns where the bad guys shoot and shoot and shoot yet always miss their targets .
Death Sentence is a wonderfully tight little thriller , the kind of statement cinema an up and coming filmmaker needs to establish his overall eagerness to achieve .
As entertainment , the film is equally unpleasant and captivating . As a more serious drama , it alternates between heartbreaking and heavy-handed .
The result is such a mish-mash of conflicting tones and ideas that it does n't play well on any level .
Kevin Bacon gives another stellar performance and there are some powerfully good action scenes but the structure of this Sentence does n't feel like it was ever well-defined .
For a guy who analyzes risks for a living , Nick -LSB- Kevin Bacon -RSB- takes a lot of stupid ones , and yet he 's still not the dumbest thing in Death Sentence .
The only thing worse than the movie 's cliché vengeance script is the clunky way James Wan directs it .
It 's as if Wan was given the chance to step away from his slasher-movie sensibility - which says more gore is always better - but could n't turn away from what 's worked for him before .
This reductive revenge thriller preaches at the same time it panders to base payback fantasies .
Why does it think it 's serious drama when it 's actually something closer to a parody of Charles Bronson movies ?
makes no pretense to be anything other than pulp junk . Those who have n't been inured to this sort of graphic , gritty , limbs-blownoff style of cinematic violence should be forewarned
God is busy . Sometimes He needs help .
Might have been accepted as a classic modern grindhouse flick if any of its inherent humor were even remotely intentional .
. At both its best and worst , it feels like the missing third part of the faux retro double-bill Grindhouse .
It 's got style to burn and is more gruesome that any schlock-horror gorefest .
As rancid as its title is lurid , an example of pulp fiction run amok .
Blunt , bloody and far too busy with its sledgehammer plot and mighty gunplay to waste time on the main character 's inner life , Death Sentence is a baseline entertainment .
Death Sentence is not exactly a fun time at the movies , but it is riveting .
An ugly , stupid and meaningless thriller .
If only the world were a more peaceful place , we would n't have to sit through movies like Death Sentence .
The lesser moments still work because of Bacon 's commitment to the part , and the better components are a firm indication that James Wan is improving with each successive film .
Fails to provide any sort of genuine social context for its violence .
Bacon 's performance in Saw creator James Wan 's laughably extreme revenge thriller Death Sentence is six degrees of ham .
An old-school exploitation picture , polished off with a modern sensibility by Saw director James Wan .
There is simply no way to make a > i > Death Wish-retread like Death Sentence believable .
It may be the most depressing action movie ever made . Its calamities are well staged , and its acting , beyond some histrionics , is fine . But you do n't enjoy this film ; you endure it .
The endgame is that it does n't matter if some scenes have flare or if the cinematography is ingenious , the characters and story flat-out suck and no amount of filmmaking élan is going to change that fact for the better .
Both the story and -LRB- literal -RRB- execution here are cheap and somewhat embarrassing for Bacon and company . Kill this movie .
Is the movie trying to show how bloodlust and revenge can destroy a person ? If so , it simultaneously revels in violence . Trying to have it both ways diminishes the entire undertaking , rendering it despicably hypocritical .
Death Sentence evokes the low-down spirit of an early - '70s exploitation flick , something that might have filled the undercard at a drive-in or a long-in-the-tooth movie palace .
Death Sentence has a crude , naturalistic style that fails to disguise the fact that its twists and turns become increasingly preposterous .
Utterly humorless and unrelentingly grim . Giving it a grainy , washed-out , fidgety look and choreographing scenes to create an atmosphere of claustrophobic disorientation , Mr. Wan has made a movie that is literally unpleasant to watch .
There is a courtroom scene of true surprise and suspense , and some other effective moments , but basically this is a movie about a lot of people shooting at each other .
The cynics will slap their foreheads , the squeamish will cover their eyes .
The pretension of this movie is exasperating .
Goofy overstatement , improbable plotting and an overwrought finale .
Death Sentence seesaws wildly between being both brilliant and terrible , but ultimately it 's worth seeing for some terrific action sequences and Bacon 's committed performance .
Initially , it calls to mind recent events in the UK - but in truth , it 's more like a new-fangled B-movie than a treatise for our troubled times .
By the end , many will be outraged by the sheer irresponsibility of it all . The rest will be too busy laughing .
Kevin Bacon fails to rescue this absurdly rickety plot as the film veers between a sentimental melodrama and violent thriller , resulting in a confused mess .
Sadly , the final reel exposes Wan 's true colours -LRB- he directed the horror movie Saw -RRB- , the vigilante machismo betraying this as an updated version of Death Wish .
Literally laughable .
Lurches on too long and topples into bathos .
Only drinking a pint of paint-stripper would leave a nastier taste in the mouth .
Finally , the costly price you pay for watching Death Sentence is the 105 minutes that you 're never going to get back and that could have been spent doing something more constructive , such as beating your head against a brick wall .
A film so uncertain about its tone and sensibilities that it just does n't work . If Wan and screenwriter Ian Jeffers had just embraced the ridiculous retribution-based violence , it might have been more entertaining , albeit odious .
Connoisseurs of sleazy movies wo n't be bored , but do n't mistake this for anything other than trash .
From the novelist who spawned Death Wish -LRB- 1974 -RRB- comes another story of vigilante justice that 'll make you want to hurt someone . Anyone .
It turns out Wan is a legitimately atrocious filmmaker , and Sentence is his Exile on Main St. of awful .
A tedious , pandering time-waster .
Awesomely bad .
From the perfect family home movies that open the film , to its unconvincing ` urban ' settings , Death Sentence is one-dimensional , cliched .
A father goes on an angry mission of revenge after his family are attacked as part of a gang initiation crime .
In the same way that Quentin Tarantino and Kurt Russell elevated Death Proof , James Wan and Kevin Bacon go beyond what would have been satisfactory to crowds craving a good bloodletting .
... ultimately undone by a ridiculous final half hour in which Bacon turns into the Terminator .
While it is a sleazy and decidedly amoral revenge tale , it is an uncommonly well-made and fairly effective take on the genre .
There 's an inherent disconnect with the material .
It has Kevin Bacon . How bad could it be ? Bacon makes everything better , whether it be a cheesy movie or a cheeseburger ! I 'll never think that again as this movie becomes more absurd by the moment .
More tainted yuppie superhero wet dream , than the original Charles Bronson anti-inner city backlash burb paranoid freakout . And as a result , the lines are more clearly drawn as to distributed dark sides of these sympathy-challenged characters .
Death Sentence takes the pulp revenge thriller to the edge . And then falls off .
This well-made , often intensely gripping genre piece packs some bizarre tonal extremities and a few moments of self-critique into its tale of a grieving father seeking his own brand of justice .
With the subtlety of a bulldozer comes this dubiously pedigreed revenge thriller .
Watching this crude vigilante thriller feels more like a life sentence .
Tawdry and unintentionally hilarious ... so ludicrous that it 's hard to suppress a guffaw while you watch it .
In the more sensational and gruesome aspects , the film fails miserably , getting more ridiculous and unbelievable as it goes along .
-LSB- An -RSB- exercise in do-it-yourself-justice-mongering .
In Death Sentence , Kevin Bacon may not be the baddest dad who ever cocked a shotgun to defend his family , but he 's the most insanely resolute -- and the least understandable .
Death Sentence most certainly is not a good movie .
It 's OK for sleazy , late-night entertainment until the statement of ` the world is a scary place ' starts sounding like ` violence might be the answer . '
Even as the film slides into unintentional comedy , it 's almost redeemed by John Goodman 's demented supporting performance as a mysterious character who , in a better film , would have held the key to everything .
An unsatisfying and not-that-smart vigilante thriller .







@highlight

A nonsensical plot and an absurd amount of violence make this revenge pic gratuitous and overwrought .