Given its stellar cast -- including Vanessa Redgrave , Meryl Streep and Glenn Close -- and source material , it 's hard not to think it should be better .
Antiseptic bourgeois swank
What 's the difference between slasher films and chick flicks ? In slasher films they suffer less , and they die quicker . Evening , bless its banal heart , is a chick flick in all its fatuous glory .
Frankly I could watch Danes , Collette , Streep , Close , Richardson , etc. , as they go food shopping , which just goes to show what a bunch of great actors can do for a fairly conventional tear-jerker .
Strong cast is best part of tragic romantic drama .
The performances are oddly muted , as if the screenplay refuses to allow a fine cast full rein . But those who loved the book can be assured that it has been translated faithfully enough to the screen .
An old lady takes a long time to die in this po-faced literary effort as a bed-ridden Redgrave looks back to the golden summer when her young self -LRB- Danes -RRB- found love .
Some big names have been assembled for this old-fashioned `` woman 's picture '' about thwarted expectations and lifelong regrets .
I am against the exploitation of women for sentimental screen purposes -LRB- Steel Magnolias , Crimes of the Heart -RRB- . But what can you do ? Here they moon and croon across a time divide .
An affected and overwrought adaptation of Susan Minot 's novel about a dying woman 's memories of a complicated romantic incident in her youth .
Evening is a film about regrets that does n't say an awful lot , but somehow holds your attention with the scenes between Redgrave and Streep sure to bring a tear to your eye - or at least your mum 's .
Dull . It 's hard to engage with the characters , the themes are underdeveloped and the tone is flat as the waters lapping the Wittenborn beach .
Adapting from Susan Minot 's bestseller , Hungarian director Lajos Koltai 's -LRB- Fateless -RRB- pulls together a formidable cast - Meryl Streep , Glenn Close , Toni Collette - but then leaves them to wade through a sickly stew .
Evening is a slow burner , so slow in fact the credits roll before it ever gets going .
It 's a very odd film that can discuss heart-blackening guilt , loveless marriage , pain and regret only to taper off into a dry-eyed ending .
The film disintegrates into an indulgent succession of intense , fawning exchanges that overwhelm Minot 's thin and monotonous tale .
Recycling ideas and characters from 250 years of romantic literature without adding any new ones of its own , Evening is like dining with Jane Austen and Barbara Cartland and not being allowed to get down from the table .
This multi-generational chick flick may be blessed with a stellar cast but unfortunately errs on the pretentious side .
Emotionally unengaging , overlong and frequently dull drama , despite the best efforts of its talented cast .
An astounding cast and high production values make this film worth seeing , even as turns into a girly melodrama .
The film is a fine example of what works within the pages of a book does n't necessarily work onscreen , particularly when the book in question is as dense as Minot 's , and apparently as fragile .
It 's quite an achievement to get such a group of esteemed actresses together for something of such little consequence .
While overall EVENING does n't quite reach the heights it should , it is well worth while , if for no other reason than to see a bevy of marvelous actresses ...
This is a film full of meaningful aspirations and although it tries to convince us in the end that there is no such thing as a mistake , I ca n't help feeling that the film is an opportunity missed .
The cinematic equivalent of repeated punches to the kidneys .
Bittersweet and deeply , achingly romantic , this perfect , perfect film ... enfolds regrets and memories and love and hope in -LSB- a -RSB- snug embrace ...
The acting , by any measure , is superb .
The movie plays out slowly , but it 's not an action movie , so that 's okay . It 's all about emotions with deep connections between the characters .
It 's a good-intentioned but bland `` Evening '' out .
... interesting without being compelling ...
The performances are terrific , but they are hampered by an overly convoluted script that takes a very simple concept and complicates it with a back-and-forth temporal flow and an overabundance of characters and relationships .
It holds attention , offers admirable performances , and engenders emotional involvement as few recent movies have .
There 's a better movie somewhere inside this saccharine weepy that telegraphs its melodramatics with shameless glee .
Even as I admired most of the performances -- and I do stress most of them -- I found myself searching in vain for one character to care about .
Evening is not without interest . The problem is that most of the interest stems from the inevitable fascination generated by watching a slow-motion train wreck .
That 's not to say that Evening is a turkey , but rather a delicate canary that never really finds its voice .
features Acting with a capital `` A , '' pulled off by serious thespians putting years of training to the test .
As a fan of Claire Danes , Patrick Wilson , and Hungarian cinematographers and directors , I went into Evening with much enthusiasm . I left the theatre feeling anything but enthused .
Not see Evening ? It 's like having to say no to a Jane Austen adaptation .
It suffocates in all its blue-blooded proprieties and cloying sentimentalities .
For a movie that begins on such shaky footing , Evening packs an impassioned wallop by the end .
If nothing else , Evening proves that there are such things as mistakes , by featuring two hours of bad choices and half-executed ideas .
A weepie examination of female and sexual identity whose worth is roughly equal to that of a used Kleenex .
While all of that modern commentary and magical realism may work in Minot 's novel , on film it feels extraneous and even silly .
It 's just a shame Danes and the others are working with one arm tied behind them , so to speak , due to a lack of inspired material .
Despite strong performances from its excellent cast , Lajos Koltai 's wistful adaptation of Susan Minot 's novel does n't quite connect .
Evening 's visual period splendour , its vivid characterizations and their comfortably clichéd relationships somehow draw us in and make us care .
Though the filmmaking is uneven , Evening redeems itself in its marvelous cast , which echoes the movies ' themes by showcasing two real-life mother-daughter acting duos .
Evening achieves a kind of wisdom , though it 's a strange and bitter wisdom . The film arrives at a pessimistic and almost nihilistic view of life as something not very important -- and then invites us to take strength and comfort in the notion .
Evening reaches for depth , at times plodding , never cloddish . The lessons about choice and loss and getting on in life have some decent heft , and there is a sunset magic in Redgrave 's eyes .
The tone , in turn , moves from arch to soapy to poignant . Yet it 's the story that one can never quite get one 's arms around .
Danes , radiant with intelligence , warmth and common sense , captures your heart . Sadly , the same can not be said of Evening .
The uneven filmmaking renders Minot 's ideas impossibly trite . ... Ugh .
Great cast , mediocre writing .
Proves that not every book deserves its own film .
This weeping ladydrama -- this cinematic doily , this chintz wing chair from a P-town antique boutique -- takes us to the oxymoronic world of WASP emotion .
Things are happening too fast to be convincing , and the romance -- rather , the one-night stand -- between Ann and Harris hardly seems worth a lifetime of regret , or two hours of your time .
Manipulative at times , but it resonates with gleaming ferocity as it unspools a story of regret , longing and resolution in two generations of women .
Evening wants desperately to be The Hours . Better luck next time .
It 's all terribly Great Gatsby , and fun to watch .
Everything about Evening seems engineered to liquefy moviegoers , specifically middle-age female moviegoers who miss their mothers . This would include me : I was a sloppy mess by the end .
This disappointing drama packs in too many characters , too many talky scenes , too many flashbacks .
It courts its audience with a warm story about lost loves and paths not chosen , and it boasts an array of strong performances from its top-notch ensemble .
There are few things more depressing than a weeper that does n't make you weep . Evening creeps through its dolorous paces as prudently as an undertaker .
It took me a while to warm to these people and their self-consciously idyllic settings -- as well as to the slick direction of former cinematographer Lajos Koltai -- but I was eventually won over .
Not even a firm approach can rescue Evening from the enveloping thematic finery . It 's a hopelessly classy piece of china .
All emotion registers as melodrama , though the flushed and flustered parts do not cohere into a melodramatic -LRB- i.e. generic -RRB- whole .
The handsome period design strives for authenticity , yet when the wedding party listens to a recording of ` I 've Got the World on a String , ' we do n't hear Sinatra or Peggy Lee but 21st century neo-swingster Michael Buble .
Even the lineup of superlative thesps ca n't mask the pandering , manipulative ploys at the film 's cheesy heart .
While it 's considerably entertaining , it 's also a load of prattle .
Evening feels artificial from the very first shot . ... It looks like a contest to see which actress can shed the -LSB- Oscar-winng -RSB- tears .
From its laughably lyrical opening to its bow-tying resolution , Lajos Koltai 's Evening invites comparisons to Hallmark Hall of Fame TV movies .
The stellar inter-generational cast ca n't breathe sufficient life into this airless female angst mood piece to resuscitate the story .
an ` if only I had ... ' nostalgic romance ... even the appealing performances of Danes , Wilson and Gummer are not enough to make up for a ponderous story that assigns each of its characters a predictable fate ...
Designers will drool , but the problem is that Evening should have more going for it than Architectural Digest allure .
Woman on deathbed dredges up regrets , as does everyone around her in a turgid weeper that will engender regret in its paying audience as well .
More , the whole thing is layered in sentimentality , at times drowning in it , Koltai and company never able to find the right balance for the melodrama which could have made it a forcefully moving female-driven winner .
Koltai literalizes the symbolism and drowns everything in a sappy , overpowering score ; the characters end up sounding like they 're reading dialogue from a bad novel .
Easily the most insufferable film experience in a year that has already given us Wild Hogs , The Hills Have Eyes 2 and Premonition .
Evening is melodrama with the brake lines slashed -- a curiously dreary installment of the `` Who Has More Psychological Baggage ! '' game show where every character is a winner .
tries to be a weeper , but it is more of a snorer
This leaden adaptation , which was co-written by Minot and Michael Cunningham , is so full of forced melodrama and clunky literary devices that it becomes a chore just to sit through .
Even the film 's obvious and shallow moments appear haunting , evocative and profound when filtered through this sunrise-to-sunset through-line .
Evening , despite its fine source material and roster of formidable talent , lurches clumsily across two very long , disconnected hours , reducing Minot 's , sprawling , ethereal story to a pop psych nugget about embracing life as it comes .
... so distanced from the emotions of the story that it never breathes on its own .
Screenwriters Susan Minot and fellow novelist Michael Cunningham make key changes to Minot 's acclaimed 1997 book with mixed results ; the alterations streamline the story and enrich subplots , but dilute its all-important central relationship .
It 's the kind of female-centric syrup that is n't conceived creatively so much as it 's calculated mathematically . But for a certain audience , it might be good enough .
Evening might be the most shocking waste of natural resources since the despoiling of the Amazon rain forest .
Vanessa Redgrave pursuing a poorly CGI-ed butterfly , with this incredibly idiotic look on her face , reminded me of a time I saw a retarded dog chasing a tree .
Boasting an ensemble of Hollywood 's best actresses , this drama is unabashedly sentimental but still effective .
A dreary mood romance that flashes back and forth between present day and 50 years ago .
A collection of Lifetime-channel clichés arranged with the metallic precision of a machine .
Evening is a very pretty , very bad movie .
If you 've not read Susan Minot 's 1998 bestseller Evening , you will be happily oblivious to the movie 's glaring departures and free to settle into this languid , gorgeously shot film , which bears only a passing resemblance to the novel .
As the cautionary tale of mothers and daughters it negligently aspires to be , Evening is strictly old news .
Director Lajos Koltai 's generous application of luminous color tones over everything ca n't conceal his lack of control over narrative tone .
Evening could 've been something precious . But it never rises above standard-issue ` chick flick ' .
Evening is a terribly refined , painstakingly composed study in aristocratic angst that audiences will be hard-pressed to believe a word of .
The epitome of artsy-fartsy twinkling that does n't actually shine a light on anything .
Streep and Redgrave only have one scene together ... yet it captures every note of longing and regret that the rest of the movie should have hit .
A substantial and engrossing film .
The film never descends into the dreaded bath of sentimental kitsch .
In its pursuit of superior craftsmanship and high-minded lyricism , Evening constantly risks sliding down the slippery slope into inept sentimentality and self-caricature .
It 's aggravating to know how much better this would have worked as a stageplay , because sitting through it as a movie is tantamount to being in your own deathbed awaiting the end .
Even with its occasional flair for the melodramatic , Evening is a solid family drama that is hard to dismiss .
At first you ca n't believe that so much talent has been assembled . But by the end of this deathbed reverie you ca n't believe what they 've done with that abundance .
Despite the intriguing casting , this stultified generational drama fades into a luminous meditation on mortality .
A psychologically rich drama dealing with the matters of the heart we must face as we swing from the ardor of first love to the peace of our last breath : yearning , memory , mistakes , regret , and the healing power of friendship .
The novel is too dense , too multilayered , too overpopulated to make a satisfactory film that is also faithful to the book .
Solid performances allow ` Evening ' to transcend the label ` chick-flick ' as a woman on her deathbed ponders whether one mistake she made fifty years ago destroyed her life 's happiness .
Mostly Evening feels draggy and repetitive as it wallows self-consciously in its own sense of emotional and cultural significance .
The strength of the screenplay and acting provide a satisfying , although not overwhelming , two hours of romance , drama , and tragedy .
While it showcases some fine performers , it unfortunately has a stiflingly literary tone .
A bore . I kept saying to myself : `` Die already ! ''
Evening 's take on defining life choices reveals its manic depressive nature .
This is one of the rare movies that are too sensitive for their own good .
It works on paper , but -LSB- author Susan -RSB- Minot , who shares credit for the adaptation with fellow novelist Michael Cunningham , does n't understand that screenwriting is the art of taking away .
Even though this looks like the quintessential chick flick , my message to men is : do n't avoid this film . This beautifully told story captivated and drained me .
In Evening , an all-star team of filmmakers takes on a minor-league story .
A woman 's deathbed reveries provide a poignant but rather obvious counterpoint to her daughters ' present-day emotional concerns in Evening .
While it teeters on the brink of mawkish melodrama for quite some time , this film ultimately delivers the goods , ably assisted by the arrival of Meryl Streep onscreen .
Like Stephen Daldry 's The Hours , Evening 's pseudo-intellectual tone hardly disguises its presumptions about female identity .
Susan Minot 's resplendent novel of a dying woman remembering her defining romance with the man who got away stumbles on its way to the screen . Hungarian director Lajos Koltai pushes emotions that need to flow .







@highlight

Beautifully filmed , but decidedly dull , Evening is a collossal waste of a talented cast .