Provided a cinematic equivalent of NOS to the franchise with a tone shift that helped make it one of the most popular and profitable action series in the last decade .
... a combination of kinetic filmmaking and hulking charisma that can only be called bro bliss .
The tagline for this film is : ` New Model , Original Parts ' . It should be : ` Are you dumb enough to pay for the same film twice ? '
Though I admit the title of the film is slightly dumb , I ca n't really fault much else going on here .
Bummer .
As hard as it is to believe , having the old gang back really does make a big difference , just not big enough . Lin is n't the director to offer anything new enough to make Fast & Furious worth your time unless you 're a hardcore fan of the series .
Here 's hoping this is the last , but after the huge amount of money it has taken already in the States , do n't be surprised to see a 5th .
Is n't worth even the most forgiving action fan 's time ...
One of the film 's biggest laughs is showing title credits . Clearly , after a prologue in which thieves play chicken with a burning , tumbling oil tanker , the possibility exists this is a Steven Soderbergh experimental gamble . Dumb , fun & entertaining .
Lin makes the few set pieces sandwiched between the many flat , talky scenes count as much as they can .
` Fast & Furious ? ' The stars of this sequel are more like Sluggish & Vaguely Grumpy , though it 's nothing a little bit of fiber in their diets could n't cure .
` Neat to watch ' summarizes the film quite nicely . The revenge subplot that drives Fast and Furious is uninteresting since we have n't seen these characters in eight years .
Fast & Furious is a piece of junk , but at least it is an entertaining and endearing piece of junk . For a franchise I actively dislike , this is the best of the bunch .
General unoriginality contributes to ` The Fast and the Furious ' series ' own issue as a ` seen one , seen 'em all ' series .
If it 's not fast and furious automotive action you 're after , hoping instead for a cohesive character driven plot , then you 're more likely to just get furious pretty damn fast .
Fast & Furious could be called Grand Theft Autopilot . Lin knows that his demographic does n't care about truth . They want to see stuff smash up - and in as outlandish and outrageous a way possible .
A completely disposable action movie .
The dialogue resembled bad '80s porn with extreme overacting and cheesy one-liners . Ironically , Fast & Furious is like porn , you want them to shut up and get to the action !
works as a mindless collection of racing sequences and cool cars , made all the better because of Diesel 's extremely likable bad-boy persona and a director who knows how to keep his foot on the gas , action-wise
% u03B7 % u03B5 % u03B9 % u03C3 % u03B1 % u03B3 % u03C9 % u03B3 % u03B9 % u03BA % u03AE % u03C3 % u03BA % u03B7 % u03BD % u03AE % u03BC % u03B5 % u03C4 % u03B7 % u03BD % u03B1 % u03C1 % u03C0 % u03B1 % u03B3 % u03AE % u03C4 % u03C9 % u03BD % u03B2 % u03C5 % u03C4 % u03AF % u03C9 % u03BD % u03B5 % u03AF % u03BD % u03B1 % u03B9
It definitely could have used more humor and , according to the alpha males in my viewing party , more sex appeal ... and we 're not talking about injectors and camshafts .
With his sleepy-eyed gaze and biceps that no shirt can contain , Diesel quietly commands the movie .
What 's amazing about this loud , lazy film -LRB- they could n't even be bothered to give it a title -RRB- is that it 's still entertaining
With Diesel anchoring the storyline , and director Lin dazzling us with his car crashing extravaganzas , Fast & Furious will likely unleash another series of sequels .
What is this , the fourth ` Fast and Furious ' movie ?
Furious entertainment for a moment of `` populist rage . '' But it 's hard to escape the feeling that Fast & Furious is more than a little ... mechanical .
The ending leaves just enough of a cliffhanger that a fifth installment is all but guaranteed . If it 's anything like this one , I 'm down for the ride .
The latest film is extremely noisy , features some fine stunt driving , particularly in its opening sequence , but it 's dramatically a bit of a dribbler . I 'm still trying to figure out the relationship between the opening of the film and the ending .
Diesel 's bassoon-voiced , low-watt charisma seems best placed in this franchise , and there is an undeniable spark with his foil Walker , who 's all white teeth and Californian tan .
Early , pre-credit scenes are so meticulously choreographed and expertly edited that you just can not wait for the real film to begin . However , minutes later , you ca n't help wishing the thing would just hurry up and finish .
There are only a couple of things to be said about this movie : the cars are fast , the racing is faster and none of it makes the slightest bit of sense .
The soundtrack pounds away as the cars compete in the most unbelievable races with so many quick cuts and CGI that you hardly know who 's where in relation to anyone else . But it does n't matter .
The film appears to have been not so much directed as welded together out of other bad movies that have crashed and burned .
As far as car chase movies go , it 's right on the money with great action scenes , terrible dialogue and some seriously sub-par acting .
`` Ride or die , remember ? '' Er , not really , no . More like `` Yawn and forget '' , as Nabokov once recommended . Only 13-year-old boys and Jeremy Clarkson could possibly enjoy this .
The story makes precious little sense but the car chases help to keep you awake and smouldering hunks Walker and Diesel get to make eyes at each other one more time .
Both screenplay and plotting are basic but the action scenes are a wonder to behold if you can forget the number of civilians who would have been killed as the chases progress through various cities .
It 's just filler between lots of jerkily edited car porn .
Lots of action scenes with the cars , while the cast pretend to drive fast . And that 's it .
Heck , I 'd go so far as to say he 's actually made the best film in the gosh darn franchise , this fourth chapter arguably the most entertaining start to finish of them all .
Fast & Furious represents a drastic drop in quality for the series . The reason is simple : it abandons the central premise of the franchise , which seems a betrayal of the very thing that made the other entries so enjoyable .
Guaranteed to provide simple , straightforward thrills for anyone seeking temporary distraction from the routine and monotony of a life not lived through the window of a candy-colored automobile .
Running on empty ...
I can count on half a hand the things I found appealing about the middle fifty minutes of this movie , but I 'll be damned if I do n't want to know what happens next ...
More of the same . Yawn .
Instant immersion is the style of this franchise , plunging audiences into high octane race and chase mode from frame 1 . And it works .
The script does n't quite have the fire power to make this actioner 's hot wheels sizzle convincingly
A superfluous , wandering plot ultimately keeps it from attaining the heights of a modestly diverting action thingy , dooming it instead to the pits of a modestly disappointing action thingy .
Everything here cuts to the chase , with personalities presented in a streamlined shorthand , and dramatic plausibility sacrificed to the need for speed ... Fast & Furious , Fatuous & Forgotten .
The fastest , most furious movie ever . It is so fast , you 'll be furious with excitement . I 'm going to try to write my review fast , but that might make my editor furious .
Walker 's acting is so somnambular that even his car 's steering wheel stands a better chance at grabbing an Oscar nomination .
`` As silly as it is derivative , with quite a bit of unintentional comedy , but the action scenes deliver , and car fetishists will find much to love . ''
Following in the skid marks of its predecessors , this fourth installment of auto erotica reunites the original cast for one more go around the track .
If it were a DVD , you 'd Fast & Forward to the chases , but not Forgive & Forget the crushing disappointment . In cinemas , you have to endure exposition and sob-you-were-my-best-friend scenes . It 's clearly time for Fast & Furious Vs. The Transporter ...
Turn off your mind , though , and there 's some fun to be had from some of the better whizz-bang sequences .
This is dumb , loud and fast , with a questionable attitude towards road safety and a supporting cast apparently recruited for their tattoos rather than their acting ability .
Ultimately , there is nothing on offer here but speed and fury . If you 're tempted to revisit something of this ilk , watch The Fast And The Furious , or better still track down the vastly superior cop-in-the-criminal-underworld action flick Point Break .
Slick action , hot hardware , shame about the screenplay ... Still , it 's the best since the original TFATF , and fans of Diesel 's gravel-voiced swagger will get a kick seeing him reprise the role that put him on the map .
This is not rocket science , it wo n't tax your brain , it wo n't win any Oscars but it will have you on the edge of your seat and give you a great two hours of adrenaline pumping entertainment .
Run a mile in any direction from Fast and Furious .
A carbon-rich orgy for eunuchs of the freed speed creed .
The dire plot is , of course , mere tarmac to the chases - so why are these so poorly choreographed ? Fast & Furious ? Ha . More like Slow & Sleep-inducing .
The action will get your heart racing like a shot of NOS to the eyeballs . However , that rush comes at a cost of a story-line comedown . If you 're feeling simple , or drunk and stoned , this would be a perfect way to spend the night .
Fast and Furious gets off to a terrific start but quickly runs out of gas , thanks to a lazy script and some unimaginative action sequences .
A return to gloriously idiotic form for the street racing series .
People drive fast , perform improbable stunts , things blow up , and the leads glare at each other a lot .
Plays like an overgrown parody of the first three movies combined .
There was a time when car movies used to be about the cars . The star of this picture is a computer , creating CGI car crashes . The picture is a phony .
Fast & Furious is everything it sounds like : crass , unoriginal , and mostly tiresome .
It certainly is fast and furious but it is also lacking in basic plot structure and character building
If you are a fan -LSB- of the franchise -RSB- , I think there is absolutely some good fun to be had .
Paul Walker , with his two-day bristle of beard and touch-too-tan complexion , has the incipient , leathery look of a man who will look about two decades older when he turns 45 .
This is a movie about street racers ... criminals in fact , and there was nothing grimy or dirty about it at all .
This is more of the same .
Thrilling ride with high speed chases and action packed fighting that will satisfy any appetite .
Everyone on screen gets to do the adrenaline-pumping , id-heavy stuff people who park neatly in their little suburban shopping mall parking spaces -- people like us -- never get to do .
Insert your own car-related gag here for the uninspired Fast & Furious .
The sequel that SHOULD have followed The Fast and the Furious ... sharp editing , cool stunts , and cars going way too fast still make for a fun time at the movies .
A film that is neither too fast or furious -LRB- more like slow and cranky -RRB- ...
Mt. Rushmore sports a more animated ensemble cast than on display here , each of who seems content to try and outglare the other .
-LSB- Awful race scenes are -RSB- why you want to see this movie . Even more unfortunate : What passes for a plot is interspersed between them . Are you catching my Tokyo drift ?
You do n't need a road map to conclude this franchise has run out of gas and is going nowhere .
Fast & Furious is all about the speed and crash-boom-bam of the high-octane action , and on that score , it delivers admirably . Does its built-in audience really need anything more ?
This popcorn flick satisfies the vicarious need for speed and pushes the pedal to the metal .
While it 's good to see the original cast back , there is n't much of a story and even less action to keep you entertained .
Better than the last two , but still pretty mindless action .
The plot is utterly incomprehensible , but the legions of street racing fans hopped up on NOS and Full Throttle energy drink are n't going to care .
This souped-up edition is bigger , faster , louder - but not necessarily better .
Unfortunately for Fast fans , this one runs out of gas early on ...
Parental Content Review
A tryptophan yawn .
Tokyo Drift director Justin Lin films this one with the most flair and no small amount of destruction .
Wild car chases and ridiculous humor do n't make a film good , but they sure can make it fun to watch .
No matter what , it 's safe to say that this entirely acceptable retooling of the franchise makes for a satisfying experience for those who enjoy four-wheeled chases , hot bodies , hot cars , and a tall dose of tough-guy machismo .
The stars look bored out of their minds when the fourth episode of the franchise stalls between racing sequences , which is all too often in a flick where 106 minutes speed by in what feels like at least four hours .
People who want nothing more out of a movie than an extended rap video -- there 's lots of hip-hop , close-ups of cars , and women in shiny tiny shorts -- may be satisfied . But this movie is n't much more than a re-do of the first film in the series .
This franchise is out of gas .
This will personally go down as the flick that really made me realize how much I hate CGI stunts .
The end result , while it provides moments of kinetic entertainment , is too repetitive and uneven to be satisfying .
A technical team the size of a small army attempts to inject some life into Fast & Furious , the fourth entry in the urban auto franchise , but only succeeds in upping the decibel level of this grating , clamorous mess .
Fast & Furious spends a lot of time advertising how exciting it is , without actually being exciting .
As superfluous sequels go , Fast & Furious makes Deuce Bigalow : European Gigolo seem vital .
Aside from the opening sequence , there 's nothing imaginative about it , and the actual filming is routine shaky-quick-cut stuff .
By far the weakest entry of the four .
It delivers on the title 's promise .
Boiled down to its essentials , F&F is four pretty swell auto-race video games encased in the bloated carcass of a script , by Chris Morgan , that must have been researched in the Archive of Movie Cliches .
It 's time for these car fiends to slam the heap into ` park . ' Diesel should use his ESP powers to find a better gig with a franchise that still has some gas -- such as maybe The Pacifier 2 ?
This example of presummer pop diversion will be best appreciated by future audiences flabbergasted by its unabashed revelry in fossil-fuel consumption .
The director , Justin Lin , brings the same pinpoint reflexes to the action as he did in Tokyo Drift .
It 's fast and furious , but it 's also noisy and dumb % u2014and inferior to the original in every way . Remember to use your turn signal when moving into the pass lane .
The reunion is fun and frantic , like the original on double nitro .
The words plod , slow and drag should never even come close to a car chase movie , but that 's what comes to mind instantly after watching this clunker .
If you 've enjoyed this ride before , you 'll enjoy it again . If you think the actors do n't have quite the emotional range of the vehicles they 're driving , you probably wo n't .
Like a souped-up show car , Fast & Furious is all gleaming surfaces and muscular detailing , but there 's absolutely nothing going on under the hood .
Fans of one of the most successful franchises of the ' 00s deserve more than this lackluster , boring , inanely written , poorly acted , forgettable trip around the cliched block . `` Meandering & Lethargic '' would have been a more accurate title .
It seems deftly appropriate that they would decide to remove the two ` the 's from the title , the most replaceable word in the English language and compensate their absence with two of the most transparent ciphers to ever get above-title billing .
If you are a fan of the first film in the series and can forget about the two predecessors , then this is the sequel you have been waiting for . Vin Diesel is back !
Oh yeah , there are also lots and lots of car crashes -- so many , in fact , that it feels at times like a big-screen version of an auto industry bailout plan .
One of the first great sequels for 2009 ! non-stop fun from 0 to 200
Any suggestions for the title of fifth film ? How about Fast & Furious : I 'm Gon na Kick Your Ass ? Or , no , I know : Fast & Furious : Tokyo Drift .
It 's dumb , but it 's fun , and it does n't pretend to be otherwise .
There 's not even much car-racing in it -- and why would anyone want to watch this movie if it does n't have a lot of car-racing in it ?
Has plenty of visual eye candy with its slick cars and action-packed sequences , but it 's ultimately low on surprises , imagination and palpable thrills , even if you 're willing to suspend your disbelief and to check your brain at the door for 107 minutes .
If all you want to is extreme car chases , explosions , and violence ; then this is well worth the price of admission .
I 'd rather see Diesel re-teamed with the co-star who was his true soulmate , the special co-star who brought out the best in him - The Duck from The Pacifier
The good news is that the movie 's speedy and strong enough to deliver some well-tuned excitement , even if it 's as bulky and brainlessly bright as the muscle cars it celebrates .
High speed designer fleet crash 'em up border wars lined with hottie wallpaper , that 's pretty much same shenanegans , different day . And without benefit of border patrol agents , passports or speeding tickets .
A strange piece of nostalgia , where , without apology , fast cars still rule and fuel is burned with abandon .
Like Brian and Dom , Fast & Furious would benefit from more female company . And Vin Diesel 's mumbling sulk gets to be a drag after a while .
The stars are back in the fourth installment of this fast-cars/hot-chicks series , which tells you a little something about the rocky roads their careers have traveled since 2001 's original film .
You know why movies like Fast and Furious are so easy to pick on ? Because they take themselves so damn seriously .
Feels about as fresh and lively as a piece of burnt rubber .
Director Justin Lin still has n't learned film geography . Even the kinetic tunnel races , meant to nitrocharge the movie , fall flat from spatial incoherence . You barely know what 's happening , and to whom .
The imagination of the almost-identical title matches the imagination of the almost-identical script .
... pretty much contains the same high-octane hollow hedonism that has run through this routinely noisy , frenetic film franchise ... this speeding-wheel spectacle has all the charm and intrigue of a shopping mall speed bump .
Everything that happens here happened in the three previous chapters -- and in Cannonball Run , for that matter .
Even the most mundane lives occasionally sparkle with moments of exhilaration , and so does Moscow , Belgium .
Writer Chris Morgan 's already proven a predilection for action over logic and director Justin Lin , who 's switched gears from Sundance darling to sequel hack , plays to his strengths .
Like a lemon that 's been tricked out with a fancy paint job , Fast & Furious wo n't stand up to much scrutiny under the hood .
A franchise that started as a corrective for distressing action-movie trends becomes what it started out hating . Time for something new .
Perhaps the most significant thing about the fourth installment , by far the weakest entry in the franchise , is indicating how much pop culture has changed : It looks and feels like one of the many glossy videogames the series itself has inspired .
Enough is enough
... when it comes down to it , this is really a classic western with cars instead of horses .
By the fourth installment of the franchise , Fast & Furious has shed two articles from its title , regained the four original lead actors , and turned shamelessly into a monotonous unofficial edition of the Grand Theft Auto gaming series .
Fast and Furious milks the cars/chicks/hip-hop vibe for all it 's worth , which is roughly $ 8 , if you 're male , 18 and under .
Fast & Furious succeeds because the action is supercharged in a style that recalls Mel Gibson 's apocalyptic classic , The Road Warrior . The characters are more than cartoonish , and the plot grips the road .
As brashly dumb as all the earlier pictures in the series , but this time there is also a more rampant mean-spirited streak running through it .
One wishes Fast & Furious had the whole package -- as much smarts as speed -- but as an uncomplicated , undemanding lark , it 'll do .
As exciting as they are , the action sequences still never pick up enough dramatic momentum to make us care .
All four films feature terrific stunts . But Fast & Furious is the first film since the original to be smart about how far to stretch logic without sacrificing the desired macho swagger and revved-up emotions .
Rival street racers battle a Mexican heroin ring . Hard-hitting , satisfying action fare , with Vin Diesel returning to help restore an ailing franchise .
Diesel is still charismatic thug Dominic Toretto , Walker is still determined cop Brian O'Conner , and the story is still dumb .
Fans who are only looking for automotive porn may enjoy themselves , but the relentless dude pandering eventually loses its charm .
Slick but idiotic action flick ... does n't have any real power , and no intelligence whatever , under its glossy hood .
This means many loud racing sequences -LRB- ably directed by Justin Lin -RRB- that look like the very video games inspired by these movies : candy-colored automobiles , digital dashboards and automated female voices .
Fast & Furious is exactly and precisely what you 'd expect . Nothing more , unfortunately .
Hopefully for the next go-around , the series will plunge even further into the crash-em-ups and flip-e-doos that feel so organic to the attitude of the series , and less into that thing called `` acting '' I 'm assuming the entire cast is trying to pull off .
` The cast was available ' is no reason to make a sequel .
-LSB- D -RSB- amn if there ai n't enough street racing in this here street racing movie ...
Come on dude , let us see the race ! We did n't buy tickets for an artist 's recreation .
Director Justin Lin does n't have the love of design that made the 2001 The Fast and the Furious a deliriously beautiful noir .
Unfortunately for the wider potentials of the series , the human inter-relationships gain little traction , taking second place to the ripping rubber and screaming pistons .
It 's not called `` Fast & Furious : Schindler 's List '' . Perfect reboot if you like the genre . Big crashes , property mayhem , and sparse dialogue .
In the jammed landscape of mass-market new releases , it offers an attractive getaway route from self-importance , snark , and chatty comedies about male bonding . Here , stick shifts do the talking .
A tepid , repetitive and digitally augmented hot cars-hot women thriller that might probably wo n't give Vin Diesel and Paul Walker the career boost that The Fast and the Furious did .
Fast & Furious reconfirms that car-chase movies -- good , bad , or mediocre -- all assume the future employment of the quaint old fast-forward button .
Removing the `` the '' from its predecessors ' title not once but twice , Fast & Furious 's abbreviated moniker harkens back to the series 's 2001 original while simultaneously expressing a tough curtness that marks it as its own model .
Chris Morgan -LRB- the screenwriter on `` The Fast and the Furious : Tokyo Drift '' - 2006 -RRB- is to blame for a script that runs more like a '70s Ford Pinto than the hopped up muscle cars burning rubber onscreen .
Acting is n't really the point of Fast & Furious . Indeed , this cast can barely act interested .
A film that ultimately feels more like a cobbled together rent-a-car than a sleek Euro-styled crotch magnet
Enough with the brooding and the emoting . What Fast & Furious needs more than anything is some hint that the people involved know how ridiculous it is .
The awful writing and weak acting keeps the movie from delivering an experience as strong as the original .
Noise , noise , noise . Crunched metal and shattered glass . More noise . Revving engines . Vin Diesel 's giant head . Hot chicks in tight miniskirts . Even more noise . The end .
We get stuck watching Vin Diesel and Paul Walker squint and say words in a weak approximation of acting , wasting precious time that could be spent enjoying street racers zipping through crowded thoroughfares and jumping over obstacles .


@highlight

While Fast and Furious features the requisite action and stunts , the filmmakers have failed to provide a competent story or compelling characters .