Provost 's film has few equals in depicting the dangerous territory between artistic inspiration and madness .
Gives testimony to the human spirit .
Thoughtful as it is , the movie lacks the poetry or point of view to see its idea through with force .
Engrossing , well-shot bio-pic ... which won seven Cesars , including Best Picture , from the French Academy in 2008 , has a gorgeous antique look and a surfeit of empathy . A lovely , lingering film .
What makes this slow , intense film so compelling is its persuasive creation of complex characters : You scarcely believe Moreau is an actor and that the film is n't , on some level , archival footage of the real painter .
A naive , between-the-wars French painter is brought to vivid life in the satisfying fact-inspired drama Seraphine .
Provost and cowriter Marc Abdelnour explore the mutable boundaries between spirituality , naivete , genius , and madness , showing how the two outsiders and polar opposites cultivated a mutual understanding .
It 's a plodding film in its storytelling , but with a sensitive attitude to its subject . In its best moments , it simply wonders at the rapturous state in which this devout Christian creates her art .
Séraphine is a deceptively subtle tale .
It 's like reading the introductory essay in an exhibition catalogue , except that it takes two hours . Personally , I could n't stop thinking of Susan Boyle on Britain 's Got Talent .
This biopic , which swept the board at the Césaires , is somewhat over-inclined to reverence and simplification ; but it is also , some of the time , rewarding and touching .
This true story dragged out for so long that I ceased to care .
Séraphine does n't mess with the formula but the script allows plenty of awkward details to remain and we 're allowed to decide for ourselves if fame was a godsend for her .
Made with a remarkable attention to detail that makes the characters and period spring vividly to life
Superb central performance in this original take on the art biopic .
This utterly beguiling biopic about a cleaning lady with the artistic gifts of a Van Gogh is just a bit special .
Depends on your levels of Christmas spirit . Nativity either glorifies the charming amateurishness of the British school play or celebrates the slapdash incompetence of the British film industry .
A classy drama and a sympathetic portrait of two outsiders and the vibrant , unsettling work that binds them .
A measured , soulful and tactile work ; a film with gouache beneath its fingernails .
A little long , but quietly rewarding .
The film ends up something of a muddle that strives too hard to wear a ` quality ' tag upon its sleeve .
Moreau 's marvellous performance captures the vulnerabilities of a woman who never dares to dream that her work might be taken seriously and who seemed to spend a lifetime poised between the call of greatness and the threat of madness .
A tender and intelligent glimpse of a life enriched both by her nascent talent and the affectionate devotion of Uhde 's protector .
An exceptional and exquisitely photographed depiction of artistic taste , social snobbery and transient celebrity .
It has a lyricism , passion and beauty unmatched in cinema this year .
Whimsical but wonderful - and very worthy of those awards .
Moreau 's stellar performance and the astral intensity of the paintings keep taking us where this story belongs , up into the skies .
This charmingly different biopic is a quality treat .
The story is both genuinely fascinating and utterly heartbreaking , whilst also making pointed observations about the nature of art and art versus commerce .
Scores points for actually investing time in scenes depicting the extent to which she worked on her art .
Where the film scores -- and scores very highly -- is in the characterizations of Séraphine and Uhde , both of whom emerge as wholly formed complex creations .
Séraphine , an outsider artist before the term was invented , is both a cautionary tale for contemporay artists of all and sundry media and a genuinely moving portrait of the artist as a young -LRB- ish -RRB- scullery maid .
Moreau 's nuanced turn as the title character ensures that the film is not a complete loss . She 's very convincing , especially when there arise some questions regarding her mental stability .
Yolande Moreau plays the industrious but touched washerwoman-turned-painter Séraphine de Senlis with an open-faced conviction that is almost unnerving in its intensity .
If you 're in the mood for a gentle , unsentimental film , where the director has made choices that are intelligent and thoughtful , seek this out .
A moving , distinctly French tale , this sumptuous production is made complete with a brilliant performance by leading lady Yolande Moreau .
As far as biopics of painters go , Séraphine is one of the very best
May be about a minor artist , but it 's a major success .
... Séraphine 's art , religious fervor and mental breakdowns are all accepted as facts which may be witnessed but not explained .
Seraphine , a biopic of the early-20th century French painter Seraphine Louis aka Seraphine de Senlis , is among the best of its kind , thanks in no small part to the utterly believable , vanity-free performance of Yolande Moreau in the title role .
Seraphine is rare in its sympathetic focus on a laborer , yet refined in its execution .
The film belongs to Moreau . Half-derided , half-protected by her village neighbors , her Séraphine is dowdy , willful , gruff , determined : a blend of singing mystic and muttering madwoman .
Relies heavily on Moreau 's gripping , continually surprising performance to effectively convey the oracular urgency and fractured , Dionysian mentality of Seraphine de Senlis and her work .
The euphoria , lunacy and transformative intensity of art receive passionate , perhaps immortal treatment in Seraphine , Martin Provost 's quietly magical and urgently moving film .
Moreau gives a dominating , award-worthy performance . The combination of the beautiful scenery , musical score and art work resonate into a sensory epiphany for the audience .
Séraphine may be one of the spookiest , most unsettling films ever made about the hazy line between art and madness . That 's a theme the movies have done to death , yet it finds new life in the title performance by Yolande Moreau .
The painterly images afford a brooding , sometimes luminous setting for Yolande Moreau , who conveys Séraphine 's weird and saint-like turmoil without sentiment or stereotype .
Here 's one that feels like homework .
The film 's complex portrait of Seraphine -- who is alternately angry , bewildered , funny , belligerent and tender -- feels as fresh and alive as her work still does .
The characterization is deft , the acting is superb , and the production values are high . If there 's a dryness to the way the story is told , that 's because director Martin Provost has shifted his focus toward intellectual , not emotional , satisfaction .
We are ... made privy to the very reverie , that state of almost beatific hypnosis , where artists find sanctuary and are compelled to create .
... a mesmerizing portrait of an artist that gives exposure to beautiful work too little known , but it makes it audience work for its art .
Rather painterly and a bit distant . It never digs into the messiest of either the artist 's or her patron 's lives .
Seraphine is a fascinating story -LRB- and the film is beautiful to look at -RRB- , but in the end , the movie leaves a lot of questions about the real-life Seraphine unanswered .
Yolande Moreau is a revelation in the title role ; a part she plays without vanity and sneaking humour .
Director Martin Provost has brought the true story of Séraphine de Senlis to to the screen with elegant simplicity . A gorgeous film to watch , thanks to cinematographer Laurent Brunet , the pastoral settings are especially satisfying .
To look at the almost religious ecstasy on Moreau 's face is to feel the artist 's passion and be inspired by it .
The triumph and fascination of Yolande Moreau 's performance as the French painter Séraphine de Senlis -LRB- 1864-1942 -RRB- is in the way she makes us believe -- completely and without questioning -- that Séraphine is some kind of divine vessel .
The character 's fleeting success in the art world , her moody naivete and childlike reverence for both the natural and religious worlds , is conveyed with such tenderness and totality that it 's almost heartbreaking to behold .
An uncommonly moving and wonderful experience : it is a cinematic depiction of a mindset , and a quiet and especially internal mindset at that .
It 's also a comforting story that allows us to elevate the notion of purity above success .
It 's even-tempered , evenly-paced and decidedly middlebrow .
Provost has made a picture that is almost biblical in its simplicity and its passion .
Séraphine is a rare example of a film that does justice to the mysteriousness of artistic invention .
During the film I craved energy , but by the end I realized that I just wanted a story that stood a bit closer to its interesting , well-played title character and a bit further from the time-marking events of historical drama .
Seraphine arrives from France as the year 's most honored film , winner of seven Cesars from the French Academy , including best film and best actress .
A list of the striking images that Provost composes would be long and enticing , even though words can not do them or the movie justice .
Beyond a must for those interested in art and women 's history are Moreau 's brilliant performance , Brunet 's luscious cinematography and Galasso 's lovely score .
Yolande Moreau 's Seraphine , all doughy and unreadable at first , lets you see how the passion that enriches her work might also upend her life .
The film is a commendably worthy endeavor , and I am almost ashamed that my ingrained hedonistic attitude toward movies prevents me from recommending Séraphine more enthusiastically .
... the audience is brought increasingly closer into the heart and mind of a genius whose turbulent inner life eventually envelops her conscious being .
Boasts a raw and convincing performance by Yolande Moreau along with exquisite cinematography , but it often drags and suffers from lack of insight into the life and mind of Séraphine which keeps it from being an emotionally resonating experience .
As the works of Seraphine the artist have stood the test of time and grown in value , I expect this account of her little-known life to do the same .
The long French tradition of thoughtful , intelligent films of quality for adults is alive and well here , and that is reason to rejoice .
French filmmaker Martin Provost 's fictionalized biopic Séraphine introduces the painter to generations that never knew her .
The energies of Séraphine are devoted to examining the alchemy by which perception is transformed into vision .
Moving historical drama brings a fascinating chapter of art history to life .
An extraordinary French film about a deeply religious cleaning woman with a passion for creating luminous paintings .
Séraphine is far more powerful when it lingers on Louis at work . Her canvases -- mostly nature studies -- were cluttered with colorful shapes and filigree , clearly arranged by an obsessive personality .
If the French town of Senlis really looks like Provost 's beautiful and painterly world as he depicts it in Séraphine , no wonder Séraphine Louis went nuts .
Like Amadeus , Séraphine wants to get its hands dirty with the work itself . The movie understands creative types and their whims , even if it tips toward a long-telegraphed retribution .
Moreau is bewitching -- she simply breathes her role , without a hint of vanity .
Next to Demme 's expressionism and Troell 's realism , Provost 's good film is banal .
Lyrical but bracing .
In consistently erring of the side of subtlety , Moreau 's performance also proves a perfect tonal match for Provost 's subtle , meticulous , and frequently beautiful compositions .
Séraphine is one of the most evocative films about an artist I 've ever seen -- and in its treatment of madness one of the least condescending .
An endearing example of religious passions that turn a cleaning woman into a near-great painter .
Yolande Moreau captures both the purposeful , single-minded woman who does other people 's laundry to support her painting , and Séraphine de Senlis , whose secret life of fervid creativity drove her to madness .
Click for full review





@highlight

Seraphine is a well-crafted French film that effectively captures one woman 's experience with art , religion , and mental illness , and features a brilliant performance from Yolande Moreau .