Joyous , heartrending and illuminating , Siddharth is a film that 's more about how the daunting journey changes a family than where it takes them .
When everyone 's desperate and looking out for themselves , it 's easy to slip through the cracks as Siddharth does .
It 's a striking and polished addition to the catalogue of recent cinema set in India and is a bracing antidote to the spit-shined glibness of Slumdog Millionaire .
The film is made up of details , and these details create characters who are human beings and not just one dimensional victims .
Simple but engrossing , Canadian director Richie Mehta 's Siddharth is the story of an Indian father searching for his missing son , and offers a window into the lives of India 's working poor that goes beyond the familiar issues of food and shelter .
Tension builds along with hopelessness but Mehta avoids making judgments or giving easy answers about the circumstances that led to Siddharth being sent off to work .
Mehta keeps his sociopolitical critique in the background , allowing it to inform but not interfere with his intimate and devastating story .
Powerful family drama .
By any fair measure , Siddharth is a very good example of world cinema , offering us a window into a world we would not otherwise see . But be cautioned : it is not exactly an `` up '' film .
By the end , it feels like you 're the only one who helped carry Mahendra 's horrifying burden in a heavily-populated country .
There 's not a hint of melodrama here , and the tale is all the more compelling for it . For a film set half a world away , Siddharth hits very close to home .
I think it 's a very interesting story , a slightly frustrating one but very vibrant use of the locations .
The performances are splendid .
A stirring central performance caps a modest yet moving slice of a life fictionalised in its details but real in its sorrow .
It 's a sophisticated neo-realist film , beautifully shot and edited to reflect the sense of time and resignation in Indian culture .
Propelled by a hauntingly beautiful music score , Richie Mehta 's film about a missing 12 year old boy and the father who searches for him is profoundly sad , as it reveals disturbing truths .
It pains me to say this , but I 'd almost prefer the mindlessness of `` Taken '' over the social preaching of `` Siddharth . ''
A modern-day neo-realistic fable and genuine spiritual journey . Beautifully shot and acted . See this .
Though at times `` Siddharth '' can resemble a well-photographed report on India 's social and economic ills , Mehta subtly employs different styles to sustain the poetry , poignancy , and drama .
`` Siddharth '' is a well directed , written , acted and photographed film that should appeal beyond India with its universal story about a father 's love for his son .
`` Siddharth '' provides something more valuable than a tidy resolution : a glimpse of the complicated nature of life a world away .
Writer/director/editor Richie Mehta -LRB- `` Amal '' -RRB- has created a modern day `` Bicycle Thieves '' with this devastating tale of an illiterate man trying to find his son with next to nothing to go on amidst the teaming masses of India .
The film never feels less than utterly real in its depiction of both everyday Indian life and the hopelessness that comes so naturally in this sort of tragic situation .
Like Vittorio De Sica 's `` The Bicycle Thief , '' the film uses downbeat themes to make a point about this particular society and life in general .
Not the easiest sit , but Siddharth rewards the brave with a study of pained determination and portrait of Indian life that offers a few surprises .
Such a movie is a rare and elusive thing .
A spare , lean , and decidedly unsettling account of the ugly reality of child labor and child abduction in India .
Part of what makes `` Siddharth '' so troubling and moving is the difficulty we have situating our sympathies .
It all feels very real .
RIchie Mehta takes care to seek no melodramatic situations or easy villains , unless the villain is the uncaring society in which his hero lives .
A film of subdued but mounting panic and grief - an unsentimental portrait of poverty in contemporary India and of a benighted man 's efforts to understand the world beyond his workaday struggles .
A disturbing and devastating descent into Third world poverty , exploitation and desperation , more often than not mere backdrop to the social insularity of most other movies . Yet weighing in provocative ways , struggle and exploitation as inevitably bound .
It 's suspenseful and heartbreaking , and does n't provide easy answers .
An achingly personal tale of grief and despair amidst the ironies of the modern world , where almost medieval levels of misery live alongside 21st-century horrors .
A sense of hopelessness invades every frame of `` Siddharth , '' yet its story is not emotionally manipulative .
Its portrayal of impoverished , careworn people barking at one another and protecting their territory in a daily struggle is bracingly hardheaded .
Unfortunately , Mehta does not retain a firm grip on his storyline and the film , perhaps too enraptured by the bustlingly colorful locales of India , which are featured in lengthy , dialogue-less passages , becomes rather meandering .
A view of India that is a corrective to the `` economic miracle '' mythology promoted in the corporate media presented in powerful neorealist terms .
For all its scenes of orphans and hardscrabble street life , and its spirit of shrugging helplessness , Siddharth always feels ferociously personal .
A well-intentioned story of an impoverished father searching for his missing child is muddled by an ambitious sociological agenda in Richie Mehta 's film .
Shot on the fly throughout India , Siddharth ... was inspired by a conversation the director had with a Mumbai rickshaw driver , whose son had vanished without a trace .

@highlight

Siddharth takes an achingly compassionate and deeply unsettling look at all-too-common circumstances in modern-day India .