All three of the leads do excellent work , but Anne Dorval is especially stunning . I wo n't resort to the cliché `` larger than life '' to describe her performance , because nothing is larger than life in Mommy - except for life itself .
The fact that this unusual film not only works , but is one of the best of the year , is conclusive proof that Xavier Dolan has joined the top tier of directors .
Xavier Dolan 's film gets under the skin , and stays there .
In Mommy , Dolan has essentially stunted his work , speaking both figuratively and literally .
Mommy forces you to give in to its relentless energy . Dolan conducts it with gusto , leaving us with a cathartic reckoning with his own demons .
It 's perhaps a never-seen-before technical stunt that 's deeply intriguing , seriously cinematic and impossible to discuss without giving it all away .
Xavier Dolan 's Mommy is an endurance test even by the standards of miserablist drama .
You can see the talent that lies beneath Dolan 's aggressive method , and the promise of something great in his future .
A work of haunting power .
Many words describe the Canadian film , `` Mommy . '' Unpleasant , violent and heartbreaking are just a few .
Like so much cinema , Mommy functions at a gut level - you either instinctively get it or you do n't . As to whether or not it amounts to much more than a French-Canadian , ADHD-style Instagram film , I 'm unconvinced but fascinated as to Dolan 's next move .
Intense tale of unstable teen is full of profanity , violence
Mommy is going to linger . The love , the laughter , the anger and the sorrow -- it sticks .
French-Canadian director Xavier Dolan reveals stark new energy in his fifth film .
Mommy is a film about love and compassion , and it is wonderful . See it .
Recalling Andrea Arnold 's similarly angst-ridden teen drama Fish Tank -LRB- 2009 -RRB- , Mommy blazes across the screen thanks to Dolan 's impeccable taste in pop music soundtracks and visual compositions .
Unsettling drama from prolific Canadian director Xavier Dolan tells of the troubled relationship between a feisty , attractive middle-aged single mother -LRB- Anne Dorval -RRB- and her unbridled , attention-deficient teenage son -LRB- Antoine-Olivier Pilon -RRB- .
The cinematic frame might have contracted , but there 's a kind of ferocious compassion in Dolan 's vision , and its embrace is startlingly wide .
Dolan loves close-ups and he gives his actors every chance to demonstrate their talent for ringing the emotional changes in a single take .
Although the performances are outstanding , and there 's plenty of Dolan 's trademark vigour , it 's a long and at times overindulgent examination of a hyperactive teenager , his white-trash mum and their kindly neighbour .
Dolan fully embraces his melodramatic tendencies ... this is a gaudy , exuberant film , as messy as it is astounding .
A sweeping drama , funny , wild and heartbreaking . Also shot in a square 1:1 aspect ratio , and what could have been a gimmick is used to great effect .
It 's a heartbreaking film that leads us to the edge , but along the way , there is humour , hope and a compelling raw energy that bonds and divides mother and son
Dorval and Clément are both exceptional , their brilliantly controlled performances contrasting with the explosive energy of rising star Pilon , who looks set to burst out of the screen and into the auditorium .
The plotting is wayward and haphazard but the film is made and performed with such frankness and emotional intensity that its occasional stumbles never seem a problem .
As outrageous as it is insightful , Mommy is a mother-and-son melodrama taken to operatic heights .
A hugely emotional film that makes no apologies for its engagement with the ripest melodrama .
Mommy is a thrilling if overlong experience , as often funny as horrifying , its emotions dizzying and its climax miraculously both bleak and hopeful .
It borders on pretentious but never is , thanks largely to Dorval 's wonderful , authentic performance as the titular everywoman .
Dolan has previously been accused of style over substance but here he draws both magnificently together . It 's perhaps a little too long , but Mommy is a movie to make you feel alive .
This is easily Dolan 's best film , and it 's exciting to think how many times we might have to revise that statement over the years to come .
Not exclusively a love-it-or-hate-it proposition - even its admirers will have moments when they ca n't stand to watch .
You 'd think twice about providing Steve a foster home , or an aperitif .
Mommy is an unabashed melodrama that 's constantly swinging for the fences , and the emotional force of the picture is irresistible .
One of the most jaw-dropping movies in recent years , this blackly comical drama is the most audacious work yet from Canadian filmmaker Xavier Dolan ...
Offers up a rash of extraordinary performances , dialogue and direction as it tells a tale of a hard-living mother who loves her teenage son , who 's a rather at-times charming , intermittently violent , skateboarding typhoon of a challenge to live with .
I suppose the relationship is Oedipal or primal or something or other , but mostly it 's just an excuse for Dolan to stage a series of gaudy shout-fests .
The film 's ostentatiousness never overshadows the brilliantly complex lead performance by Dorval , who runs the gamut from tacky gusto to cynical calculation .
Raw performances and stylistic experimentation enhance the fifth feature from 25-year-old director Xavier Dolan .
A story of the combative relationship between a mother and her son filled with delirious swells of effusive love and sudden plummets into madness and hate .
Anne Dorval , Antoine Olivier Pilon and Suzanne Clément give scary-good performances .
Dolan is able to weave dialogue , camerawork , a fluid yet urgent editing style , and a magpie 's ear for pop music into a cinematic world that you can almost hold in your hand before it starts spilling over .
The movie 's overlong , underpopulated and often devastating to watch . But it 's told with an uncanny realism , and when it 's over you feel shaken and a little sick - and realize that you can finally exhale .
There 's not much more to Mommy than these anguished character studies . They go round and round , yet a narrative never coalesces .
Xavier Donlan extracts astounding levels of emotional depth from his trio of lead actors , all of whom respond to his direction with revelatory performances .
Mother and son gesticulate wildly but remain undefined ; Dolan 's blandly showy aesthetic matches the vainly hectic action .
Edgy and emotionally explosive , it individualizes an exhausting struggle many parents are forced to endure .
These three performances are simply perfect .
A portrait of familial crisis so pointed and wrenching that though nearly two-and-a-half hours long , it rarely fails to engross -- and to an extent -- exhaust .
Dolan is only 25 , and though he does n't have Orson Welles beat , this has to be one of the best films ever written and directed by a 25-year-old .
`` Mommy '' is a shockingly honest , nerve-wracking and dazzling piece of cinema . If this does n't rattle your soul , you do n't have one .
Scary and wild , forthright and furious .
That the result is a film that feels intimate and genuine about these characters is a testament to how well Dolan exploits the phony trappings .
`` Mommy '' is a tour-de-force , and Xavier Dolan is a force to be reckoned with .
`` Mommy '' is a serious movie for serious moviegoers . The characters are so well constructed that we feel compelled to await the outcome of their fates .
The picture can be a frustrating sit as it reaches an indulgent run time , but it 's also Dolan 's best feature to date , showcasing exceptional performances from the cast .
The volatile , unbridled emotion of `` Mommy '' - its sheer life force - makes up for its structural weaknesses ...
The movie 's rhythm is jumpy , accelerated and alive .
Even with its disconnects , Mommy is an ambitious film about the dark side of family , and it wants to connect . Perhaps it even might .
Xavier Dolan ranks as the most accomplished young dramatic filmmaker in North America , and this engrossing character study , his fifth feature , demonstrates an emotional perspicacity one might expect from an artist many years his senior .
Mommy is Dolan 's own problem child . Consequently , it proves fitting that his evident love for it not only saves it but establishes it as a potent reminder that sometimes cinema feels most vital when it 's this raw and messy .
Not since the Coen brothers ' Blood Simple has a movie confirmed a voice this fresh and visual .
Heartbreaking , if you can get past all the yelling .
Like the bastard child of John Cassavetes and Ingmar Bergman , prolific French Canadian film director Xavier Dolan has made an exhilarating , intimate family drama that digs deep and plays dirty .
`` Mommy '' is a passionate and generous portrait of three intersecting lives on the drab outer margins of middle-class society , told without condescension or sugary coating by an artist taking full command of his powers .
Left me not unmoved but mostly annoyed .
Dolan 's enthusiasm jolts the film with energy at almost every turn . Ultimately , however , it 's the performers who keep the material emotionally grounded .
Often intense but thoroughly likable and relevant . -LRB- Writer-director Xavier -RRB- Dolan 's best film out of the five he has made to date . It is likely premature to call it his masterpiece though , since he is all of 25 years old .
Love or loathe -LSB- Dolan -RSB- , it 's difficult not to be dazzled .
Dolan is not going to let you forget who 's boss . As for myself , I quit .
Every step it makes - right down to , but especially , its final scene - it makes both instinctually and with utter , disarming confidence .
-LSB- Dolan -RSB- 's found Pilon as -LRB- an exaggerated ? -RRB- stand-in to honor unconditional maternal love in a bravura film which won the Cannes Grand Jury prize . The 139 minute movie never lags , by turns exhilarating and exhausting .
Clocking in at an unfiltered - some would call indulgent - 129 minutes , Mommy gives the impression of having burst straight from Dolan 's instincts onto the screen .
Startlingly original , compellingly watchable character study that is simultaneously hilarious , appalling and sad .
-LSB- It -RSB- can be seen as a tribute to maternal devotion , though I saw it for a long time as a study in perilous self-delusion .
Though Dolan is guilty of inhaling the fragrance of his own artistry , his unfiltered sincerity is often piercing and never less than riveting , even when it 's all too much to take .
Boasting dynamite performances , `` Mommy '' excels as a confrontational , compassionate melodrama about the anguishing dilemmas of caretaking . It 's a revelation .
Though not a musical , `` Mommy '' often feels like one as it swells and ebbs on the melodramatic currents of love , pain and frustration . It is also , within its very modest means , formally audacious .
You feel the movie closing in on you the same way that life is closing in on the characters .
When Xavier Dolan 's tremendous empathy for the abandoned , medicated , and economically stressed is given full visual flight , it 's easy to get lost in the rush .
Even when director Dolan gets self-indulgent , he 's a one-man fireworks display . His images jump off the screen . And just watch Anne Dorval . She practically dares you not to .
A montage to `` Wonderwall '' -LRB- every last note of it -RRB- seems to sum up the movie ; too much , but exhilarating all the same .
Mommy is first and foremost a mother-and-son story , but it 's also a surprisingly delicate exploration of lonely lives , and the temporary islands of companionship that make them bearable .
A missed opportunity where subject matter and approach clash more than they complement .
Cinema does n't come much more exuberant and raw .
Riveting lead performances make it understandable why this overlong abuse melodrama was n't cut to a more manageable length
Watch sparks fly when sonny and mommy are in a room .
Tragic yet luminous , Mommy is a film of astounding violence and grief punctuated by bursts of unmitigated glee .
It begins at a fever pitch and maintains that degree of in-your-face intensity for well over two hours , to either exhilarating or exhausting effect , depending on one 's tolerance level .
Mommy is a film of big emotions and despite the use of the unconventional 1:1 format , Dolan has made a film that positively explodes off of the screen . Like each film in this Canadian wunderkind 's filmography , this is a work of vital immediacy .
Mommy certainly does not lack for energy , particularly when Pilon is throwing one of his fits ...
Heartbreaking , joyous , sad , and glorious , Mommy is pure exhilaration .
Dolan 's previous four films established him as an original and exciting voice . With the wildly funny , emotionally messy and wholly wonderful Mommy the filmmaker steps into the big league - aged just 25 .
Dolan is an excellent manipulator of melodrama , which is in no way offensive until his film makes strong , dangerous statements about mental health and institutionalization .
Thrust into the icy blond landscape of Steve 's violent mind , these two women create the internal tension that winds the movie .
Dolan 's fifth feature feels like a strong step forward , striking his most considered balance yet between style and substance , drama-queen posturing and real heartfelt depth .
It succeeds because it manages to fill every frame with the stuff of life , suffuse every scene with the wonderful horror of being .
Mommy feels like a quantum leap in empathy from Dolan 's previous films .
Defiantly a movie for the here and now , something so immediate , its very form resembles Instagram photos or smartphone videos .
The trademark Dolan stylistic flourishes are still on display , but they 're all there this time around to support the emotional narrative .
There 's potential in Dolan 's beautifully-styled visuals , sure , but at a certain point , a really pretty tracking shot does n't count as a narrative choice .
Mixing the brash brio of Pedro Almodóvar and the deep intimacy of an Ingmar Bergman chamber drama , Xavier Dolan 's Mommy is a riveting character-driven film , and his finest yet .
A blast of pure cinema , an intense , intimate drama ... that vividly captures a range of exhilarating emotions from elation to despair .
You may have to brace yourself for it , but it is a rewarding experience . That is what we ask of cinema , to take us difficult places with the trust that the filmmaker will take care of us .
Mommy is a heart-swelling , heartbreaking , breathtaking piece of cinema .
The most accomplished consummation yet of -LSB- Dolan 's -RSB- thematic fascinations , cinematographic realisations , and pop art aspirations , which is a long way of saying it 's f *** ing excellent .
Mommy is unbridled brilliance , Dolan is one of the world 's most exciting filmmakers .
There are moments of great tenderness in this study of an inextinguishable toxic love .
The outsized gestures often land with genuine emotion .
Dolan does n't play anything half-assed .
Subtle it is not , -LRB- there are suicide attempts and straitjackets and glassings and excruciating karaoke -RRB- but subtlety can suck it when the result is this vibrant and vital .
It comes at you baying and rattling like an early Pedro Almodóvar comedy , threaded through with an infectious love of full-throttle melodrama , and flinging its energy right back to the cheap seats , thanks to Dolan 's customarily zippy design choices .
A film of suffocating power and surprising warmth .
Mommy is simply terrific , already one of the best films of the year . It 's a film of rare poignancy and insight told with a delightfully nasal Québequois timbre .
A funny , heartbreaking and , above all , original work from Canadian enfant terrible Xavier Dolan .
This is a mature , funny and tragic mother 's tale . The real feast lies in the performances .
Knockout performances from a trio of Dolan regulars create vivid , complex characters that sustain us through a rollercoaster ride between extremes of joy and pain .
It 's an uproariously emotional movie , to all appearances painfully personal and featuring performances which are almost operatic in scale .

@highlight

As challenging as it is rewarding , Mommy finds writer-director Xavier Dolan taking another impressive step forward .