If you are a fan of improv comedy , Do n't Think Twice is a movie that was made for you .
Humorous look at the stalled career of a stand-up comedian .
While it 's equal parts funny , poignant and trenchant , the film mostly acts as a pulpit for Birbiglia to vent his frustrations pointedly at the person who eclipsed his career .
Do n't Think Twice actually shows Birbiglia to be in the mold of Robert Altman , a naturalistic filmmaker sympathetic enough to show even the `` bad '' characters in a good light and caustic enough to tarnish the supposed heroes .
Do n't Think Twice has comedy as its subject , but it is a far more dramatic and perplexing affair than a comic one .
The film is not a grand exercise in maturation but in reality .
Mostly , it 's like a lo-fi cover of Morrissey 's `` We Hate It When Our Friends Become Successful . '' Kind of whiny , kind of mean , and kind of true .
Altogether , -LSB- Do n't Think Twice -RSB- makes for a full-blooded study of performing and one of the most honest , most love-filled films of the year .
Even when Birbiglia 's storylines takepredictable turns , he finds the most discomforting way to make those turns . And yet none of the anxiety or awkwardness feels forced .
Both wistful and hilarious , Do n't Think Twice is - to borrow from A Chorus Line again - about what we all did/do for love .
A poignant treatise upon friendship , loyalty , ambition and regret .
A finely-crafted ensemble piece .
The film is nicely structured , gently witty , and it boasts an excellent cast
I do n't look forward to Mike Birbiglia 's films , but whenever I see them , I find I like them .
Do n't Think Twice a funny film about very funny people , but finds areas in life that are n't funny and shows the impact that it can have on even the most unexpected people .
One of the funniest , warmest and best movies of the year .
Do n't Think Twice depicts the travails of a longstanding improv troupe in New York City and it does so with the sort of exacting specificity only possible from a filmmaker who understands that world intimately .
A deeply sincere and literate coming-of-age tale .
-LSB- It 's -RSB- a handsome looking indie that may be too truthful to have wide appeal , but should be a must for anyone looking for a smart and revealing showbiz story that at its heart is wholly -- and unapologetically -- human .
The drama is honest without getting nasty and it 's genuinely funny but not at the expense of the characters . Well , not entirely anyway .
While Do n't Think Twice is about success , creativity and the struggle with both , it 's also an incredibly human movie with a lot of funny moments tossed in to ease that pain .
Do n't Think Twice has quite a bit in common with these performances at a structural level . It 's an intelligent film with a clear passion for its subject . It just does n't quite hit the mark .
Both a breezy entertainment and a profound statement on the pursuit of the Bitch Goddess success in American capitalists society .
With Birbiglia at the helm there are plenty of laugh out loud moments , while there remains a certain warmth to proceedings , as a writer who balances comedy and pathos remarkably well .
Its greatest achievement , though , is its refusal to let the viewer abide by the third rule of improv : do n't think .
If you want to make a movie about show business failure you 'd better make it funny .
It 's just affable enough to survive a disastrous last 10 minutes .
Do n't Think Twice , written and directed by Mike Birbiglia , is full of cringe-worthy , oh-no moments . But beyond its subject , jealousy , desperation and sadness run neck-and-neck with the funny stuff .
A low-key drama and a surprisingly funny comedy rolled into one , Birbiglia 's film suggests that improv and life have something in common .
A dramedy about the toxic effects of envy , fear , and competition on the hopes and dramas of a band of improv comedians in New York City .
A heavy air of desperation weighs on `` Do n't Think Twice . '' The troupe members all frantically seek validation , recognition and - most importantly - praise from each other , celebrities , students , family and audience members .
An inside story about breaking into show business that rejects simple answers and inspires the audience .
There 's an honesty and urgency to the characters ' plight that thoughtful viewers ca n't help recognize .
Appealingly rich and cluttered , as well as fascinating and funny .
`` Do n't Think Twice '' is one of the best of the year , an Altman-esque ensemble comedy-drama that blends loose and funny comedy with painfully true insights about the strain that success and failure can put on friendships .
It has more laughs than any big-studio comedy I 've seen this year , but it 's dead serious about the difficulty of creating something collectively in a world where everyone 's chasing the spotlight .
It 's the truth and commitment of this film that really got to me . It may get to you , too .
Draws its audience in with the promise of laughs , and then reaches into deeper and more rewarding emotional territory from there .
The ensemble really come together in their weekly performances , where the laughs rise and fall in direct correlation to what 's happening to their lives .
If you 're a fan of indie films , comedy , improv comedy , and/or well-textured ensemble acting , then go see Do n't Think Twice . Mike Birbiglia 's latest is rich and rewarding .
Comedy can surely be a barrel of laughs , but writer/director/star Mike Birbiglia wants the audience to look just a little closer and see the frowns behind the painted smiles .
A film that 's at once as magnanimous and volatile as the art form it 's celebrating .
... honest about its performers in a way that is rare in backstagers . .
One of the best films of this year , no questions asked .
The most biting comedy of the summer has nothing to do with talking pets .
Do n't Think Twice is about the creeping realization that you might not live up to that dreaded thing called potential or that the mythical big break might never come your way . It 's also about learning to be okay with that .
Each actor -LSB- is -RSB- given multiple moments to shine , all of these recognizable faces bringing each of their respective characters to life with winsomely authentic determination and grace .
A surprising , bitingly honest drama entwining strands of blood , sweat and jokes .
Even if you do n't care much for improv-and I really do n't - you 're going to fall for this movie . -LRB- Splice Today -RRB-
A relatively modest -LSB- film -RSB- , but one that offers some real insight into the world of performers struggling for a degree of recognition most are unlikely to achieve .
A story that deftly sneaks up on you before grabbing your emotions by the throat .
Do n't Think Twice portrays the distress of love as simply a distraction from Samantha 's companions and their good work together - the rare achievement of a collective soul .
Birbiglia has assembled a Murderer 's Row of comedic talent , and like any successful improv group they make one another look better throughout .
A melancholic ode to comedic suffering .
Do n't Think Twice is hard to watch at times ... but that 's a compliment !
Do n't think twice , just see it .
Clear-eyed but generous .
Do n't Think Twice does a nice job of satirizing this corner of the showbiz world . More than that , it 's a celebration of improv , a uniquely American art form .
`` Do n't Think Twice '' manages the neat trick of remaining sweet-natured while letting absolutely no one off the hook .
Birbiglia 's penetrating observational skills make Do n't Think Twice an exceptional film about both the comedy world and the plight of young professionals who wonder if they 've stalled out before even getting into gear .
Paradoxically , `` Do n't Think Twice '' feels both dramatically thin and overstuffed .
A smart , wistful and very funny movie in which six friends weather difficult times but ultimately realize that they do , indeed , have each other 's back , for always .
A tiny gem , a delightful film as surprising as it is satisfying .
This sketch of a group of co-workers coming together and potentially falling apart is at once a knowing glimpse into dashed dreams and a skillful portrait of fraying adult friendships .
While Key 's virtuosic comedic talent is fully on display , we also get one of our first looks at his dramatic chops , which are substantial .
This movie has a few hard feelings and one thrown punch , but Birbiglia prefers to capture a detailed world and its relationships , not hunt for dramatic beats .
While his vision is blurred at times , `` Do n't Think Twice '' is accomplished work , clearly identifying the helmer 's creative growth .
There are many moments that do n't ring true from a narrative standpoint , but they do n't detract from the message : Improv is beautiful , difficult , delicate and fleeting , and its practitioners suffer for their art .
Pinpoints a creative community that 's never been explored in a narrative film ... its wistful , naturalistic presentation of a thirtysomething turning point-a forced maturation of sorts-rings true .
Intimate but melodramatic and conventional look `` behind the laughter '' at comics who realize `` I might never make it '' when one of their troupe does .
It 's nice to see this group of funny people navigate these more grounded , sometimes heartbreaking roles .
A heartfelt tribute to improvisational collaboration , this ensemble comedy has plenty of laughs along with its sharply observed examination of the fickle nature of fame .
` Do n't Think Twice ' does a beautiful job exploring the myriad ways that comedians exploit their own tragic circumstances to score meaningful laughs .
Do n't Think Twice is wise about the way people cling to the dreams of the past , even when the promise of the future could be better .
a bittersweet , insightful consideration of the value of the unexamined dream , done with a dash of impudent wit .
It 's an ensemble film in the truest sense , one that gives each of its well-drawn , interdependent characters their due . Think `` The Big Chill '' without the college history .
Do n't Think Twice is a beautifully realized movie . Its use of familiar comedic faces lends the characters something of an autobiographical feel , even if it 's entirely fictional .
It is a nice slice of life look into these modern day vaudevillians .
It 's a movie that fleshes out the people who entertain us , not with bemusement like a Christopher Guest mockumentary , but with compassion .
The film is a very specific representation of the comedy scene in New York , but ultimately , the performances , script and direction elevate it to a universal portrait of figuring out who you are .
`` Do n't Think Twice '' is a genuinely charming comedy about real people challenging themselves to create new realities for laughs and a little truth , one made-up scene at a time .
Do n't Think Twice continues Birbiglia 's impressive form with a funny and poignant alternative from the typical studio comedy .
One of the summer 's small treasures , in the flood of big-budget dross .
Birbiglia , a filmmaking talent to watch , lays out the joy , pain , anger , and aching doubt that go into letting an audience in on the joke . You 'll laugh till it hurts .
Do n't Think Twice is hilarious , yes , but it 's also thoughtful and sad and sweet . Birbiglia knows how to communicate those things , too .
Poignant , profound dramedy deals with mature themes .
Do n't Think Twice is a clever comedy , buoyed along by some of the best comics working today who boast both stand-up and acting chops .
Pleasing genial comedy about a struggling New York six-member improv troupe called the Commune .
So many films about the arts focus on the struggle of making it , but Do n't Think Twice works within the struggle of letting go , of changing course instead of driving fruitlessly down an endless road .
The truths of human nature in the face of success vs. failure , ambition vs. comfort and spotlight vs. support may apply outside the world of comedy , but they 're a little funnier in it .
A Sweet and Poignant Examination of Finding Solace in the Art World Hustle .
Filmmaker Birbiglia has created his Annie Hall here ... Funny , artfully entertaining and with widespread appeal ... Do n't Think Twice is the perfect movie for anyone on the hunt for a summer movie treat .
Rarely does contemporary cinema so bluntly -LRB- and accurately -RRB- depict envy in its most insidious iteration . It 's about the vexing confluence of emotions upon seeing their friends excel while they stagnate , a toxic amalgamation of happiness and jealousy .
Do n't Think Twice is n't all envy and self-doubt ; Birbiglia has also crafted a love letter to improv , capturing the tempestuous and unforgiving art form in a way that only an insider could .
`` Do n't Think Twice , '' which has a warm heart , could have been a much nastier movie . Yet its disappointed show-business hopefuls dreading their expiration dates make no bones about their insecurities .
A quietly devastating and exacting portrait of a tight-knit group splintering .
It 's alternately hysterical and heartbreaking , comedy by way of John Cassavetes , who gets an appropriate shout-out .
`` Do n't Think Twice '' really shines as an improv procedural , a film that celebrates , in illuminating detail , the skills and anxieties of this showbiz subgenre .
Amidst its hard truths about the odds of real success in a creative field , it 's surprisingly effective at communicating , through Jacobs especially , a kind of clear-eyed improv idealism .
`` Do n't Think Twice '' is one of the better movies you 'll see about what it takes to establish a viable career in show business .
Birbiglia continues to mine a scene he knows well , and even though he does n't strike you as a natural-born filmmaker -LRB- some of these scenes are as flatly lensed as the SNL sketches being spoofed -RRB- , he 's evolving as a confrontational dramatist .
Birbiglia is a keen observer with a laid-back , off-the-cuff demeanor and a big heart . Those assets come through here as he explores juicy themes of success , friendship and moving on .
Mike Birbiglia 's Do n't Think Twice stands as the best , most revealing film about comedy people and one of the best about artistic collaboration .
There 's a generosity of to spirit that the film that seems to draw directly from improv , with everybody getting a turn in the spotlight .
It depicts comedy folks mining their personal and professional frustrations for laughs , without getting cheesy or schmaltzy , and with jokes that are actually funny .
Despite its miscalculations , Do n't Think Twice does leave a bitter , lingering aftertaste .
I do n't know how Birbiglia pulled it off , but he gets the minutiae of an improv-comedy show thrillingly right while using the form to build a kind of allegory of the corrosive effects of capitalism .
Do n't Think Twice is a smart , engaging , hugely entertaining ride that rewards indie fans appreciative of solid comedy and fine craftsmanship .
-LSB- An -RSB- amiable , lovingly detailed comedy about comedy ...
It displays an intimate chemical understanding of the exhausting and unrelentingly impotent agony of failure .
A sweet and poignant examination of finding solace in the art world hustle . Do n't Think Twice is one of the best films of the year .
A mix of scripted and real-time improv performed throughout adds to the film 's nuanced emotional playing field-an impressive feat as the Commune struggles with their own understandings and frustrations .
Dexterous at distilling that nauseating mix of happiness , enviousness , and fear of losing contact that can accompany a friend 's sudden success .
Mike Birbiglia 's second feature takes the focus off himself and shines a spotlight on his extremely talented cast .
While Do n't Think Twice depicts a certain world with incisive specificity , its themes of what success truly means are universal to anyone involved in the arts .
A smart , affectionate take on the rivalry , love , ambition , and creative juices that fuel the lives of professional comedians .
` Do n't Think Twice ' is n't quite as great as ` Sleepwalk With Me . ' Yet it 's still a wonderful work , funny and warm , and wise to the ways of creative types .
The humor and hijinks are met with such genuine , complex feeling that DO N'T THINK TWICE will win over the most stubbornly skeptical viewer .
Do n't Think Twice is a heartfelt love-note to passionate dreams , coupled with a sobering story that 's not about giving up , but moving on .
-LSB- An improv troupe -RSB- makes for a solid backdrop for writer-director Mike Birbiglia to explore what happens when individual ambitions and latent jealousy can poison a group .
The imperfections of Do n't Think Twice are fitting for a movie about artistic expression that 's never quite finished .
An entertaining , thoughtful portrait of friends in crisis when success is near .
Expanding on the behind-the-curtain Sleepwalk With Me , which focused on the personal life of a stand-up comic , Birbiglia displays a feel for his troupe-minded brethren here .
Do n't Think Twice is a brisk , engaging watch . It 's sweet , it 's melancholy , and , perhaps most importantly , it 's hilarious .
Birbiglia has built his comedy brand on telling stories about himself , but in embracing improv 's valuing the group over any individual , he 's spun his most compelling yarn yet .
Portraying a cutthroat business in which little is `` fair , '' `` Do n't Think Twice '' acknowledges the bloodshed , but applies the razor with enough empathetic delicacy to earn its cautiously upbeat fade .

@highlight

Do n't Think Twice offers a bittersweet look at the comedian 's life that 's as genuinely moving as it is laugh-out-loud funny -- and a brilliant calling card for writer-director Mike Birbiglia .