Foxcatcher is a scary story told in a quietly disturbing way , with the tragic triangle of men a creepy battle between one warped individual with all the riches and two men who desire some of those resources .
What Foxcatcher does show with excellent surgical understatement is that , when it comes to wealth , Americans are seriously , impressively , pants-down , hats-off nuts .
Foxcatcher is one of the most bizarre true stories ever adapted
The Carell-Ruffalo-Tatum trio put in terrific , edgy performances .
Honestly , by the time Foxcatcher gets to where it 's going , we realize that we 've gained little more insight into these events than we had going in .
The actors save the day . -LSB- Mark -RSB- Ruffalo contributes the film 's only warmth , and -LSB- Steve -RSB- Carell 's portrait of repressed arrogance is chilling . But most impressive is -LSB- Channing -RSB- Tatum .
While the acting is mostly impressive , the ending of the film leaves much to be desired as screenwriters E. Max Frye and Dan Futterman 's script simply flutters to a close without much of an impact .
-LSB- Bennett -RSB- Miller refuses to go for the cheap thrills , but in so doing , he forgets to give us any thrills .
Director Bennett Miller does nothing to develop the increasingly complex relationships .
Foxcatcher is a different beast , just sitting there with nothing to say .
Written by Dan Futterman and E Max Frye , Foxcatcher is an intermittently rivetting , self-conscious and deadly serious exploration of the peculiar nature of the relationship between Du Pont and his possession .
In the back hour , the music quietly turns the screws , and Miller stops letting the air in , and I realized that a knot had formed in my chest .
There is an unspoken emptiness that hangs boldly over Foxcatcher , which is sure to be one of the subtly darkest films made by a major Hollywood studio this year .
In the end , nevertheless , it 's the three male leads that bring the human story to the foreground ; to me , Channing Tatum 's proto-Homo-Sapiens wrestler/caveman is startling to watch .
There are times in this brilliantly acted and understated psychological drama when it seems very little happens at all , but when the lights go up you 're left reeling by the culmination of events that have quietly unfolded .
The kind of timeless , rib-sticking drama that moviegoers often lament the loss of , only to ignore when they actually come around . Do n't make that mistake here .
Do n't be fooled : Foxcatcher is not a film about the sport of wrestling . Well , it is , but it is so much more than that .
Steve Carell , Channing Tatum and Mark Ruffalo all give their best film performances so far .
Steve Carell casts a brilliantly ominous shadow in this taut thriller based on a true story .
-LSB- Miller -RSB- is equally adept at portraying the peculiarities of wrestling here , and how those physical moves -- beautifully choreographed and executed -- sync with deeper psychological currents .
The results play like a parable about greed and its distorting impact ; but , directed with sombre assurance by Bennett Miller , they grip like a thriller .
It `` s remarkable to see this movie turn a lurid murder into a takedown of the myths we Americans like to tell ourselves .
The movie remains fascinating because of the fine performances of the three key characters and the mystery of what is happening in du Pont 's head .
Foxcatcher pins the viewer to the mat with its emotionally bruising tale of class , ambition and the pursuit of sporting excellence .
Here is a movie that regards people with sympathetic gazes rather than details , fully aware how all things will pan out but fascinated enough by the inner-workings of flawed psyches to keep our eyes watching on in sobering deliberation .
Plays like a slow-motion wrestling bout , the characters edging and circling each other , occasionally finding an emotional grip before sliding apart to re-assess the stakes and manoeuvre positions .
Dark , often unsettling material and the tone is ominous , almost suffocatingly so , from start to finish -- but the performances are stellar .
Steve Carell gives a surprising performance in `` Foxcatcher . '' The comic actor shows his dramatic chops in an awesome way .
Miller has a keen eye for examining the intersection of class , money and ambition . The screenplay compresses the timeline , moves key scenes around , and favors character over action , but it absolutely stays focused on these difficult larger themes .
A pensive and unsettling film that defies genre description and keeps you wondering just what the heck sort of film you 're watching .
Acting helps elevate weighty tale of wrestlers and rich men
A bit too icy , distant , and austere to qualify as a movie one would `` love , '' Foxcatcher is still a remarkably engrossing film .
An extremely cold , creepy and brilliant examination of the spookiest edges of the male psyche .
A compelling , quietly disturbing drama about sport , wealth , lost manhood , mother issues and murder .
With Foxcatcher , Bennett Miller has made an unsettling but memorable piece of cinema .
It 's a film of deceptive power ; its effect is gradual and incremental .
A conduit to examine the hubris of America , and the fallout of never living up to the potential of a greatness that may have never existed
There are many elements to this true story about wealth , wrestling and winning but it is Steve Carell 's extraordinary metamorphose as the creepy John E. du Pont , complete with unsettling gaze and manner that is the film 's most haunting element
While lacking transparency at times and perhaps authenticity , it 's the moments of greatness and the quality of the actors which take home the gold .
We leave the theater with a queasy feeling , as if we 've stayed too long at a peep show .
An absorbing and poignant work yet also wearisome and drawn-out , with moments of ho-hum snail pacing matched by even more moments of masterful brilliance .
` Foxcatcher ' wrestles with meaning but stubbornly resists being more than the very accomplished performance it is .
The picture is n't in any sense about the final act tragedy , the random act of a deranged man . The filmmaker merely uses it as a punctuation mark , a futile grasp at gravitas calculated to move Foxcatcher up in weight class .
When you strip away the celebrity status of those involved , this is just another story about a crazy guy with a gun who murders an innocent person . It just happens , but the film does n't make you care about this particular murder .
Foxcatcher gets under your skin and stays there . It 's easily one of the best things we 've seen this year .
Steve Carell 's leering du Pont , a sad , damaged soul who 's blind to his princely vanity , becomes , in the character 's stealthy way , an unforgettable villain .
In one of the finest performances of the year , Oscar nominee Steve Carell plays the real-life John du Pont in ` Foxcatcher , ' the bizarre true story of a wealthy eccentric who wanted to form his own wrestling empire .
It imitates deliberately the pace of wrestling where nothing happens for ages , bar imperceptible shuffling and nudging , until suddenly someone wins .
`` A powerfully gripping layer cake that explores the victims left to wither and die under the malignant , patriotic super-rich . ''
... about the ways men without women accommodate one another -- the way they literally lean on one another and the way alliances shift and dissipate as favors are proffered and withheld .
As a character study and illustration of the unglamorous lives of some Olympic champions , `` Foxcatcher '' is brilliant and strange .
Director Bennett Miller 's a poor biographer but a good storyteller .
In Miller 's hands , a movie that could easily have become so much exploitative trash is instead a sharp study of two tragically lonely lives , of the pitfalls of privilege and , in its own way , of the American way of doing things .
Miller 's often ponderous detachment gives the film the kind of gravitas -- real or illusory -- that keeps it from seeming to be the kind of tabloid trash its story basically is .
It is , in many ways , beautifully made , giving its scenes the time to unfold , holding its shots patiently , showing , not telling . And the performances live up to this approach .
Tatum is on searing form , and Carrell really knocks it out of the park with his first straight dramatic role .
Bennett Miller 's merciless direction and strong performances by Carell , Tatum , and the ever lovable Ruffalo make Foxcatcher one of this season 's more essential viewings
An icy tale of possession ...
Foxcatcher is brilliantly acted and extremely well crafted in a wintry , slow burning way but has an emptiness at its core .
It is tautly directed , deftly written , thoroughly gripping and offers psychological heft as well as sublime performances all round .
A movie that appears to be about wrestling but in fact is a disturbing , testosterone-rich tour of the inadequacies of an American billionaire and his athletic protégé .
It 's not much fun , by the end . But golly : by my lights , it 's a pretty perfectly-made , carefully crafted , well-acted , engaging film that is doing far more than meets the eye .
Another dramatic triumph for Bennett Miller , though it is his toughest and least glamorous outing yet . A sad and horrible story , expertly and compellingly told .
A true crime drama with a twist .
Miller 's film is often unsettling - and although it 's hard to like , it has much to commend it .
An exhilaratingly breathless experience .
A hypnotically disturbing triumph for Miller and his cast . Bruisingly intimate and psychologically nuanced , its spiral into savagery lingers like a bad dream .
An oft told story is given stirring insight through first rate performances and production .
There 's just no life in the film : aiming for a tone of studied foreboding , Bennett Miller instead sucks all the energy from his story .
To avert your eyes is impossible . This is a film that creeps up on you , pins you down and will not let go .
Foxcatcher brings out very strong performances from its three leads , but is burdened by its too laboured stabs at gravitas .
Director Bennett Miller continues to skilfully probe around the edges of true stories with this follow-up to Capote and Moneyball , although this is a much , much darker tale .
The film wrestles with emotions more than bodies , and offers a harrowing examination of power , wealth , and the American dream .
Foxcatcher is a calamitous tale , told with unforgettable performances and a melancholic restraint .
No matter the theme , movies lately nearly always touch on workplace brutality or the lack of work at all . But for a change Foxcatcher names names , connecting chilling capitalist noir multi-millionaire murder at home , to US crimes against humanity abroad .
With a tip of the hat in the direction of Langston Hughes , let it be noted that Foxcatcher is n't so much a study of a dream deferred but of the American Dream deferred .
Carell 's acting has been rightly praised , though it consists mostly of staring at people with an unfathomable , piercing gaze ; Miller aims for maximum creepiness , and Carell delivers it .
It wants to make big statements about America and do it in a quiet voice , and is about class distinctions and the assumed privileges that money brings with it .
Director Bennett Miller -LRB- `` Capote , '' `` Moneyball '' -RRB- has a fascinating story here and he knows it .
Foxcatcher does not invoke ideas beyond the real-life story of du Pont and the Schultzes , thus depressing its audience without offering any compensating lessons .
Ruffalo , well-known as an actor 's actor , will get the critical praise , but Tatum is just as strong , moving with the skill of a trained dancer .
Art can shape the truth in ways that resonate beyond the obvious . Regrettably , the truth-shaping here grapples for significance , without any apparent aim .
Watch this film for the performances : Tatum and Ruffalo finding new ground in familiar personas ; Carell immersing himself into the mindset of a troubled man ...
Steve Carell is mesmerizing in Bennett Miller 's dark , downer of a drama .
Foxcatcher is too cold of a movie to love , but that chilliness is intentional and transfixing , a parable about the darkest corners of the minds of damaged men that dares to whisper instead of shout .
If you 're willing to be thrown for a loop , you 're in good hands with this medal-worthy cast and crew .
Featuring three fine performances and intriguing , coldly effective storytelling , Foxcatcher is compulsory viewing for genre fans .
While not a twist in the traditional sense , the sudden conclusion - which , just like real life , does not provide a motive - allows `` Foxcatcher '' to stay with you , forcing you to process and rethink what came before .
Foxcatcher is one of the bleakest visions ever about the American Dream in a mainstream movie .
But the warmth and happiness of Dave 's family life is as alien to John as the older Schultz 's refusal to take his money . And even Dave 's understanding only goes so far .
Quietly but firmly interprets the disturbing story of millionaire John du Pont through bifocal lenses of American dreaming and the sexual fantasies made accessible by wealth .
The movie 's bouts are Hobbesian-nasty , brutish , and short - and who wins has little or nothing to do with the Olympic virtues preached every four years . By the end , it 's evident that the filmmakers feel the same way about the American class system .
On the whole , Foxcatcher is a very intense and suspenseful film that builds to its act of madness-Miller gets more out of the previously spudlike Channing Tatum than any previous director .
Carell is immersed in the role , completely convincing . Tatum also is outstanding .
Is n't interested in speed , just character , and it achieves a stunning depiction of obsession and jealousy , punctuated by a devastating true-crime conclusion .
Foxcatcher , with its layered performances and emotionally precise storytelling , is a riveting drama that leaves you spellbound and more than a little shaken .
Carell is mesmerizing but nominations should also go to Tatum for an equally vanity-free performance . The acting succeeds while the story lacks a more in-depth study of a very complex relationship .
The triumph of Foxcatcher is not in the subject but in its art . The clear-eyed compassion and moral intelligence of Miller 's film brings sense to the senseless , and finds the human pulse behind the tabloid shock .
What Miller and his team have wrought with Foxcatcher is a spellbinding portrait of desire and loneliness , which so often manifests itself in hollow victories and violent acts .
It 's a technical wonder , which makes it all the the more disappointing that the film is never willing to go to the mat with a story that is n't so much about economics as it is a study of ambition driven by obsession .
You want to know where it 's headed . But the movie is so chiseled down and sculpted that even once it gets there -LRB- you know when -RRB- , it 's unclear that it 's earned it .
Foxcatcher is an arresting look the pitfalls of the American dream . Steve Carrell mesmerizes .
We expect expert acting from Ruffalo , and we get it , but the secret hero of `` Foxcatcher '' - and the performance you keep coming back to - is Channing Tatum as Mark , a lost boy in the skin of a brute .
A moody piece , without enough mood . It needs to be more ominous and foreboding .
The year 's best cast , including a phenomenal Carell , makes up for slow pacing in the latest drama from the director of `` Capote . ''
It 's too bad then that the film ... does n't live up to Carell 's memorable performance . As chilly as du Pont 's mansion on a winter 's night , Foxcatcher never quite comes together .
The movie 's remote tone is occasionally frustrating but it feels appropriate because , unlike a more overtly sentimental film , it leaves plenty of room for the audience to respond .
`` Foxcatcher '' is a warped , oppressive landmark .
Foxcatcher crystallizes Miller 's technique and concerns the way a dip in the temperature turns free-flowing water into hard-edged ice , as great performances and skillful technique transform history and tragedy into strong , striking art .
I just hope that people realize its hidden virtues , the ones that dig a little deeper than its `` true story '' and Carell 's makeup .
It 's smart , insightful and frightening , featuring three of the year 's best and most complex performances .
The dialogue is clean , meaningful and chilling , the necessary component to make this an unforgettable movie .
Carell 's performance is career-defining , one that should guarantee him an Oscar nomination .
It 's brotherhood , in all its complexity and depth , before misguided money and power destroys it .
Even if you do n't know the details of this real-life , late-20th-century tragedy , director Bennett Miller 's masterfully observed psychological study is imbued with a sense of an inevitable , catastrophic meltdown .
Tantalizing and disturbing in equal measure , `` Foxcatcher '' is a firecracker of a thriller about a perfect storm of events that led to an inexplicable tragedy .
It 's slow -- sometimes excruciatingly -- and it takes a long time for the obvious to occur . Yet , against my better judgment , I kinda , sorta would n't mind seeing it again . -LRB- Full Content Review -- Sex , Profanity , etc. -- for Parents also available -RRB-
Here , the pursuit of the American Dream is not a friendly competition or a fair fight . It 's a blood sport .
... as though underplaying and long , silent stretches without even a musical score can somehow convey seriousness and import .
A beautifully shot , wonderfully acted , generally well-written film about a fascinating true-life story . So why does it seem to have a big empty hole in the middle of it ?
This is how you make a film based on true events . That seems to be Bennett Miller 's calling card , actually .
If on the surface this is a story about men seeking intimacy through unadulterated physicality , at its core , Foxcatcher is about people searching for something missing from their lives .
The fatherhood issues fueling the tension among Mark -LRB- Channing Tatum -RRB- , Dave -LRB- Mark Ruffalo -RRB- , and du Pont -LRB- a creepy , completely unrecognizable Steve Carell -RRB- are muted but powerfully realized .
The story here may have been worth a movie , but it 's so diluted over a long and repetitive 134 minutes that 's it 's really hard to tell .
The best dramatic work of Tatum 's career . You did n't know he could be this good .
It does fruitful work in the field of sport , where lofty notions of excellence and heroism can believably grapple with brutish realities involving money and ego .
At its core , `` Foxcatcher '' grapples , bluntly , with the subjects of class and money , and what some people do when , to quote a line from `` Psycho , '' they ca n't buy off their own unhappiness .
A fascinating , indeed shocking , study of a character warped by privilege , wealth and repressed urges .
Pretty-boy Tatum impresses in every way . While it might not be a stretch for the strapping actor to play an athlete , it is a revelation to see how much he physically transforms into the hulking wrestler ...
Carell embodies the dank side of privilege and money and American manhood gone to stinking rot in Miller 's bleak , harrowing , but thrilling true-life murder case from a heavily researched script by E. Max Frye and Dan Futterman .
Foxcatcher is n't afraid of venturing into territory avoided by most sports-related motion pictures . This is n't an inspirational film ; in fact , quite the opposite is true .
Inert and suffocating .
`` Foxcatcher '' will likely get lots of -LRB- deserved -RRB- awards buzz . It is one of the best films of the year , if not the best .
... a great American story , literary and tragic . If ever a movie had compelling subtext for our time , it 's `` Foxcatcher . ''
As the creepy , repressed John E. DuPont , Carell gives an excellent performance that may well earn him the awards that have already been predicted .
This is your quintessential Hollywood long , boring movie ... without an iota of pace ... with the further detraction that it does n't explain a thing about Olympic wrestling , a sport with arcane rules that could use some explaining .
Miller -LRB- who in his previous two films , Capote and Moneyball , showed a similar interest in the power machinations of lonely , obsessive outsiders -RRB- does n't need a lot of dialogue or backstory to create a haunting mood of tension and menace .
Director Bennett Miller -LSB- parses -RSB- the complex nuances in the interactions among three men at the center of one of the most salacious chapters in Olympic history .
Foxcatcher is an interesting character study that struggles to convey insightful conclusions about its subjects .
Foxcatcher is among the best movies of the year , but ultimately it seems one better suited for awards than for audiences .
These performances are beyond reproach , which makes it even stranger that the film never quite turns into the crushing experience it feels like it should be .
Miller uses three superb performances to take us deep into a privileged world where the choreographed struggle of wrestling mixes toxically with the psychological struggles of familial disappointment .
Two great performances and one big fake nose anchor this chilly tale of murder .
-LCB- VIDEO ESSAY -RSB- `` Foxcatcher '' is a movie that functions on multiple levels to observe how the American elite use and abuse power toward the destruction of everything it touches .
A beautiful , deep , psychological thriller that comes together with fantastic performances .
It 's rare to see an American movie that explores , let alone acknowledges , the class system in this country , or one that gets so far inside the abyss of the ethic that drives so many men to succeed -- and to implode when they do n't .
Tense , well-acted tale of real-life psychological drama .
An expressionistic rumination on a society rotting under the weight of delusional , media-fed and pop culturally-promulgated notions of who we are and what we should be .
As always , -LRB- Bennett -RRB- Miller exhibits observant , masterful control as director and coaxes excellent work from his great cast . But I found the screenplay problematic in terms of failing to provide much psychological insight .
There 's plenty of subtly handled excess to hold you aghast-and whichever way you slice , I maintain that yes , it is the damnedest sports movie you 've ever seen .
Simply put , this is well-done filmmaking with some extraordinary performances .
Carell 's performance is exaggerated , pronounced and so prominent that it obstructs other features .
The movie 's take at times is fascinating . But it 's basically one long , sick joke played at half speed . It 's a ponderous , sick joke .
Three top-of-their-game actors in a cold and airless art film ...
A despairing , intentionally disturbing film that draws us into a maelstrom of desperate emotions , it holds up a dark mirror to the American dream and does not like what it sees .
The mind wonders to what a more confrontational or flippant filmmaker would have done with this material .
Punishingly long , the movie insists that viewers spend more than two over-deliberate hours with a man whose pathology could be sketched in a few minutes . In sports , what Foxcatcher does is called `` running out the clock . ''
In more ways than one , `` Foxcatcher '' is a movie-an enthralling enigma of a movie-about control .
Foxcatcher is a supremely well-acted and well-constructed motion picture with too little going on and too little at its core .
A story filled with dread but no suspense : a fable of the misunderstanding , heartbreak , irony and absurdity that can abound in America when two social classes grapple in mutual desire and animosity .
`` Foxcatcher '' is a gripping yarn all the way through , even if we 're not entirely sure what the point is .
Beautifully acted and impeccably mounted , it is light on historical details and heavy on atmosphere , character and chintz .
Simultaneously understated and grippingly edgy , this is an arresting examination of naivete , mismatched worlds and old-fashioned American oddness .
It 's about manhood and about lost men , about people needing to find something , anything , at any cost .
Foxcatcher might just be the feel-bad movie of the year . But it 's so well-acted that audiences wo n't want to miss its dark , chilling yet restrained story .
If I had to make a list of movies I 'm saddest about not having liked , this would rank near the top .
... tautly acted but dramatically deficient
Steve Carell offers a tour de force of slow-burning menace . Foxcatcher , one of the year 's very best films , exposes the diseased underbelly of American exceptionalism and knocks the ground out from under you .
It 's understandable that Bennett Miller should have been fascinated by the du Pont-Schultz case and wanted to make a film from it . But sometimes the defense of `` based on a true story '' evades both the real facts and their fictional potential .
The pieces of something important are here - there 's ego and greed and desperation , the essential ingredients of the American tragedy - but none of it fits together .
This film is too subtle-and , frankly , too strange-to explicitly make some simple , overarching , grandiose statement . And yet , it gets at the complicated , unresolved nature of American life almost subliminally .
Foxcatcher may keep you at arm 's length , but it 's only so you can see the whole picture .
Within this vacuum of malaise , fine performers struggle valiantly to breathe life into their roles .
As a character study `` Foxcatcher '' is mesmerizing , eerie and unpredictably weird .
Foxcatcher is , ultimately , a deeply political film , but not in the way you might think .
It 's an amalgam of dramatic all-American themes including ambition , paranoia , greed and the ice cubes in the blood that fuel the ruthless pursuit of success in the competitive world of sports . Color it hair-raising .
While Foxcatcher remains compellingly watchable through its first three quarters , it fails in the pacing of its final act .
This is a true-crime story in which the crime is treated as an afterthought .
Rarely has a film so chilly felt so richly drawn . Bennett Miller 's decidedly remote true-life story is a brilliantly acted , fiercely American tragedy .
Plays like a mega-ponderous , aggressively prestigious chunk of awards bait - like , say , Bennett Miller 's ` Capote ' - spliced with an awkward yukfest .
Transformative performances in service of a subtle shot at how the in-bred one percent truly regard everybody else
Part existential murder mystery , part Freudian detective story and fully an indictment of the American success story .
A trio of strong lead performances elevate the material , but not to the level of a gold-medal winner .
The slow pace wo n't be for everyone , but watching three actors give such riveting performances in the telling of such a fascinating character piece more than makes up for it .
Foxcatcher weaves its spell through the cunning use of unhurried silences...-rarely does a director display such control of his materials .
There is plenty here to draw and hold the eye .
Like du Pont himself , Foxcatcher draws us in without really allowing us to get under its skin .
Foxcatcher is both moral fable and updated , same-sex Gothic : a penniless young person is lured to a vast , sinister mansion owned by an aristocrat tormented by his past .
Sorrowful and sordid , oozing bizarre homoeroticism and brutal violence ...
An unrecognizable Steve Carell is awesome in a deadly serious , humorless role as heir to the Du Pont fortune , whose hobby is training a wrestling team for the 1988 Olympics .
The 1802 gun-powder-mill origins of ` that ' wealthy du Pont family are neatly brought into the drama rather than lazily printed on the screen or voiced from off it .
Carell delivers a commanding , unnerving portrayal of a man with cold , dead eyes and a matching heart who watches over his underlings with the predatory gaze of an eagle .
A strange and tragic cautionary tale about the pathological pursuit of success .
A glacial , passive drama where true emotions seethe beneath a surface of calm - until they can be contained no more .
It 's hard to take your eyes off Carell , compellingly creepy as someone who 's grown up under a withering gaze , and whose effortful self-containment is undermined by that dangerous flicker in his eyes .
A richly developed psychological drama about the fire of ambition in the lives of a gold-medal winning wrestler and a multimillionaire wrestling enthusiast .
A handsome , complex enough film that mostly refuses to commit to easy psychoanalysis
Seated firmly in the center are a trio of dazzling performances from Channing Tatum , Steve Carell , and Mark Ruffalo , all of which make a compelling case for their career best works .
Of Bennett Miller 's many directorial feats , his canniest is his depiction of the precariousness of bonds , and how those bonds can shift , drastically yet almost imperceptibly .
Foxcatcher is great at being an awards movie , and not so great at telling the story of what it 's actually supposed to be about .
Foxcatcher nevertheless comes off as a particularly handsome bit of Oscar bait - with the movie , it often seems , designed to impress more than entertain .
The filmmaking is spare but incisive and , together with the performances , this film should dominate any awards conversation this fall .
I could dig , analyze and appreciate Foxcatcher for years . All of that being said , Foxcatcher is remarkable .
A positively harrowing and gut-wrenching true story that gets everything right .
... it feels like a calculated articulation of what a serious prestige picture should like instead of an organic and rewarding drama .
There 's not a hint of fantasy in Foxcatcher and it 's still the scariest monster movie of the year .
A surefire Oscar contender that should secure multiple nominations -LRB- especially for its performances -RRB- , Foxcatcher is , at its core , about the risks , rewards and consequences of wanting to be great .
Bennett Miller has made what might almost be called an awards-bait exploitation film , except that he purges the material of sensationalism , and he does so in the most honest and artful way possible . He keeps it real .
Ponderous , emotionally chilly Oscar bait .
It 's an important , vital , vibrant film that gives new light to men who struggled so hard to find it in their real lives .
Career best performances by Steve Carell and Channing Tatum .
Often mesmerizing and occasionally frustrating , Foxcatcher is an accomplished blend of sports-themed drama and tabloid true crime that 's cool to the touch .
You may not be prepared for the masterful way that Miller keeps us off-balance and uneasy , or for the gnawing sense of doom that gradually builds .
I did not know anything about the story of John du Pont before seeing Foxcatcher . Now that I know how it ends , all the tensions of the scenes before it have changed .
it does all the explaining it needs to -- the trick is learning to listen the right way . That 's what Foxcatcher 's about . It 's fantastic .
If this restrained '80s - set drama largely works despite pacing problems and all-too-readable thematic and psychological arcs , it 's thanks to the superb trio of actors .
It is something of a relief to finally surface at the end , but the voyage is certainly worth taking . A glum classic .
Some may not have the patience to stick with the film while it almost floats along , but for those willing to enjoy the remarkable performances and restrained direction , there is plenty to reward a committed audience .
Though anchored by a affecting and sullen turn by Channing Tatum , the movie derives its primary discomfiting power from Steve Carell in a revelatory performance as a monster of American wealth .
-LSB- Miller has -RSB- created something so universal and resonant that it feels epic , sprawling , almost ancient in its mythic overtones .
The will to win has rarely seemed more self-defeating than it does in Foxcatcher , a sinuous , methodical true-crime drama in which the moral and psychological rot sets in long before any crime is committed .
Once Miller lays all his cards on the table ... you realize you have n't been watching people struggling with the very real temptations of unchecked privilege , so much as fumbling blindly in a glib , gloomy satire of American exceptionalism .
Aided by a prosthetic schnoz and a deliberately ill-fitting tracksuit , Steve Carell gives the definition of a career-redefining performance ...
Foxcatcher skillfully thrives on that tension of the calm before the storm ...
A thought-provoking and solid piece of work .
A film to be considered alongside David Fincher 's The Social Network and Paul Thomas Anderson 's The Master as a swirling , smoke-black parable of modern America .
E. Max Frye 's screenplay takes us on the Schultz brothers ' journey and leads us to the terrible denouement in this subtle and horrifying parable of what money can and ca n't buy .
As a consequence of Bennett Miller 's relentless de-dramatization , Foxcatcher offers us next to nothing of utility or complexity about du Pont 's pathology .
Above everything else , it is a piercing insight into toxic mentor-ism , into competitive men and their terrible emotional need to find a father-figure to hate and to disappoint .
A wonderfully taut and thoughtfully unnerving drama ...
Steve Carell , Mark Ruffalo and Channing Tatum give superb performances in Bennett Miller 's powerfully disturbing true-crime saga .
A superbly modulated study of a twisted mind with a career-changing performance by Steve Carell .

@highlight

A chilling true crime drama , Foxcatcher offers Steve Carell , Mark Ruffalo , and Channing Tatum a chance to shine -- and all three of them rise to the challenge .