... a hilarious comedy ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Laughter does n't lie . Beyond the gimmickry of the penis gags , this is an romantic comedy with wit and charm to burn .
Forgetting Sarah Marshall does fall under the Apatow umbrella , but writer and star Jason Segel is the real creative force here , creating a fresh , funny script .
So easy to relate to , but it 's the film 's unpredictable nature , great characters and hilarious script that makes it the comedy of the year .
An execrable movie that 's incredibly uninspired .
If you go into this one with reasonable expectations , you should have a very , very good time at the theater .
One of the year 's dingiest comedies
The comic effect goes limp fast and has little to do with the effort of Segel 's Pete to win back the girlfriend of the title -LRB- Kristen Bell -RRB- .
Ok , I give up . The Slackers win . In the last ten years , the Republican Party has had its revenge , the Nerds have had their revenge , and now the Slackers stand sloppy and tall . I stand poleaxed . The latest beating inflicted on my psyche is by Forgetting
For a film that 's been lauded for its daring display of full-frontal male nudity , I got the nagging feeling that it actually played things pretty safe .
... ultimately comes off as an affable piece of work that benefits from the uniformly engaging performances and inclusion of several genuinely hilarious bits of comedic silliness .
Judd Apatow 's comedies are always watchable and sometimes hilarious , but with the latest to emerge under his aegis , I have to admit it is getting harder to defend them against the charge of misogyny .
Indeed , the film never veers into arch territory , possessing such affection for its characters that not one of them , not even Sarah Marshall , comes off as the bad guy .
Brand shows that top comedians , for all their limited range , can be decent actors in the right parts , a heightened sense of timing affording them an advantage in comic fare .
At its heart , Forgetting Sarah Marshall is about heartbreak , heartache , and all the other emotions that most men spend the majority of their energy trying to repress in an effort to appear strong .
It 's got an engaging cast and enough laughs to compensate for some shortcomings .
Forgetting Sarah Marshall never quite attains the same comedic excellence of past Apatow projects , -LSB- but -RSB- it 's still a really funny romantic comedy that is sure to gain a dedicated following of its own .
With pratfalls , yucks , a crying jag , and what is starting to seem like the requisite flash of nudity , Jason Segel becomes this year 's adorably hapless movie schlub .
A sort of Hollywood version we 'll refer to here as Naked Boy Singing , just leave it at that , Forgetting Sarah Marshall has the fingerprints of Judd Apatow all over it , enough said .
Hey , it wo n't cure cancer . But it is a lot of fun .
Beneath all the hysterics , top notch comedy , and hilarious turns from Apatow vets , there 's a definitely gripping romance that audiences will respond to if they allow it ...
Breaking up is hard to do when you 're wearing nothing but a pout and were just regaling your soon-to-be-ex with a celebratory wang-flapping to welcome her home .
Fun stuff .
Segel is as vulnerable on screen as any actor I can think of in recent memory , and he bookends his character 's journey as a writer just perfectly . It 's a funny , lovely movie , and I look forward to more from Segel .
Stronger female leads make this Apatow-produced comedy a well-balanced film .
-LSB- The film -RSB- works , first and foremost because of Segel , who knocks it out of the park in both his first starring role and first produced screenplay .
The end result is something that everyone involved can be proud of .
Judd Apatow takes the sexual hijinks of guys-night-out cinema and bitch-slaps it with chick-flick emotionalism , an unlikely combination , but it works .
Nope , the real reason `` Forgetting Sarah Marshall '' is so unforgettable is that its screenwriter and star Jason Segel -LRB- `` Knocked Up '' and TV 's `` How I Met Your Mother '' -RRB- lets it all hang out , both literally and figuratively .
Sure , the premise is contrived , as are most of the films from Apatow 's production company . However , the human truths that emerge from these situations are rich enough to allow the vagaries of the plot . Segel lays himself bare here , especially during the
This is the sleeper comedy of the year .
Remember `` Forgetting Sarah Marshall '' when you 're looking for the next enjoyable adult comedy .
The difference between Apatow and Hornby is that Hornby has written at least one compelling female character .
i loved it to bits
Listen , I have a family .
The trademark Apatow mix of pasty , media-addled boy-men and the gorgeous , gorgeous women who badger them into an imitation of maturity already feels dated .
-LSB- D -RSB- eftly mixes raunchy , R-rated comedy with an intelligent , humane look at the foibles of the heart that 's almost like something out of an Eric Rohmer movie .
The formula dictates that Sarah and Rachel are props along the road to Peter 's discovery of `` true love . ''
a tender comedy that is n't afraid to use the word vagina , or to strip a man naked , literally and figuratively
Pretty funny with brilliant bits but takes a while to warm up .
` Sarah Marshall ' remains a film of glorious moments and memorable scenes , lovingly crafted characters and sparkling one-liners .
A tropical sex comedy that 's a little unfocused , but Segal and co throw plenty of funniness at the wall - and most of it sticks .
Enjoyable comedy with a smart script and likeable performances from all four leads .
Like `` Knocked Up '' and `` Superbad '' before it , `` Forgetting Sarah Marshall '' is a return to the rarest of adult comedies , one with a heart .
Another entertaining vulgar comedy .
A reasonably genial , shambling little film , which is pretty much the same description I 'd use for its writer-star Jason Segel .
` Forgetting Sarah Marshall ' is needlessly long , but it is very funny , even when the humor is cringe-inducing .
Not one second in the film is unpleasant , for even the bummer scenes have the wistful ring of truth . But I do mind how much of it is no more than pleasant .
... has the salacious sweetness of ... The 40 Year Old Virgin .
Totally forgettable
Here 's to wishing for more great films from this Apatow clan !!
It 's not that -LRB- Jason -RRB- Segel , a TV vet of How I Met Your Mother and one of the CSI series , looks like a normal guy . The problem is that he 's also a blue-collar drone when it comes to acting .
It 's really hard to like a character when his own movie makes fun of him ...
` Forgetting Sarah Marxhall ' channels Jason Segel 's talents in a way that 's satisfyingly fresh but still validates classic rom-com story arcs .
The wheels come off at the end , but before then there are plenty of memorable moments in Forgetting Sarah Marshall .
Although it contains plenty of producer Judd Apatow 's signature raunch , it is a comedy to remember and a wryly funny , smartly written and acted story from the -LRB- broken -RRB- heart .
Ups the ante in terms of shock value by appealing to perhaps the lowest common denominator yet , starting with an opening scene featuring gratuitous shots of male genitalia . Two schlongs up !
The movie is very wise , but also unbelievably funny , proving again that the line between comedy and tragedy is a thin one . Forgetting Sarah Marshall makes you laugh and squirm in recognition at the same time .
The smartest thing about Segel 's script is its spirit of generosity . It 's a pleasure spending time with these people , and that affection lingers after the lights come up .
Horny , but vulnerable . Or as one hotel employee puts it , ` happy tissues ' and ` sad tissues . ' All I know is I had a smile on my face through almost every scene and laughed out loud more times than I can count . I still have the Hawaiian version of ` Nothing C
Points a finger at reality with a surreal wink .
Rather than being the perfect first date movie , it serves up the perfect break up film . You might just laugh till you cry ... or cry until you laugh if you 're the one being dumped .
Not great -- but not forgettable , either . Offers enough laughs , male-frontal nudity and charm to offer a swell time at the movies .
The phrase `` good enough '' applies , without any negative connotations that might unintentionally summon forth .
Feathery light and lazily put together romantic comedy .
Jason Segel has what Nicolas Cage and Gene Wilder and a precious handful of other witty actors have : The ability to make egregious humiliation and painful neediness a source of limitless mirth .
Halfway through I realized that I 'd lost most of my standards , maybe under my seat , and was enjoying the erratic evolution of the nonsense .
Raunchy humor and genuine emotion typical of Apatow 's films , but it lacks the moralizing and social commentary found in 40-Year-Old Virgin and Knocked Up
The movie would have benefited from a lot more of Russell Brand , whose surreal egocentricity and vast reserves of disdain light up every scene he 's in . The man wields every great line he 's given like a whip .
Forgetting Sarah Marshall falls somewhere between Superbad and Walk Hard .
The cringingly wacky scenarios , offbeat characters and comic dialogue serve up a crowd-pleasing , laugh-filled experience .
This is a fairly low-keyed comedy , but a grown-up dropping in on it can appreciate its lack of frenzy , its fundamental good nature , as easily as its core audience will . It is n't exactly a gem , but as zircons go , it 'll do .
A clever script and likable performers sell Marshall , even though Stoller 's clunky pacing and drab camerawork -LRB- it ca n't be easy to make Hawaii look so ugly -RRB- are like a weight around their necks .
Forgetting Sarah Marshall should please audiences eager for silly summer comedy -LRB- particularly , the Hawaiian sunshine should delight those currently enduring a gray Seattle spring -RRB- .
This comedy thing is n't supposed to be as easy as these guys make it seem .
If only Jason Segel 's screenwriting matched his comic presence . This is an occasionally riotous , but shapeless , romantic comedy , whose only relatable angst is that it 's just marginally better than last year 's `` The Heartbreak Kid '' remake .
Like its predecessors , Forgetting Sarah Marshall is a smart comedy that trades on social embarrassment and shows love from the standpoint of male insecurity .
Forgetting Sarah Marshall follows the Apatow formula faithfully enough . All that 's missing is charisma -- the je ne sais quois that makes us fall in love in the first place .
Forgetting Sarah Marshall is a heartwarming romantic comedy in which boy loses girl , meets new girl and eventually finds himself .
Forgetting Sarah Marshall goes out with a whimper when you so want a bang . But until then , this so-called romantic disaster comedy is a raucous ride through one man 's pain .
Apatow , as usual , gives us what we want .
On a basic-premise level , Forgetting Sarah Marshall sounds like any number of rom-coms . But Segel and director Nicholas Stoller go to the trouble of making the little details funny and filthy , and they have fun messing with the formula .
Like most of Apatow 's productions -- heck , most of his heroes -- Forgetting Sarah Marshall is big and sloppy and too willing to settle for being just good enough . But like them too , it 's funny . And it grows on you .
This film is so funny it may be beside the point to complain that , as in many Apatow productions , the writing and direction are still in something of a state of arrested development .
We know actors are trained to let it all hang out , but Jason Segel takes naked vulnerability to new levels in Nicholas Stoller 's likable debut , Forgetting Sarah Marshall .
Forgetting Sarah Marshall is by no means great art , but it is great fun .
The movie is n't quite so polished as Virgin or Knocked Up , but it 's terrifically funny and , for a few brief moments , poignant .
If Forgetting Sarah Marshall lacks the heady mix of sheer exuberance and unexpected maturity of the granddaddy of the genre , Apatow 's 40-Year-Old Virgin , it 's more soulful than Knocked Up and more inclusive than Superbad .
The writing is sharp throughout , and the interplay -- particularly when the two couples finally stake their battle lines -- is juicy and believable .
Forgetting Sarah Marshall is a lazy , second-hand offering from the Apatow crude-but-sweet assembly line .
Forgetting Sarah Marshall does not entirely play by the established conventions of its genre .
Forgetting Sarah Marshall is , ultimately , forgettable , but for most of the way it 's a pleasant little vacation of a movie .
In the Apatow manner , -LSB- writer/star Jason -RSB- Segel mines a mother lode of painful personal memories for his breakup gags , and the vanity of entertainment people proves to be another rich vein .
Forgetting Sarah Marshall , shorter than Knocked Up and more focused than Superbad , tops all other Apatow productions so far .
The whole film feels like Apatow and clan are still on their own vacation after last summer 's one-two punch .
Like The 40-Year-Old Virgin , Knocked Up , and Superbad before it , it delivers belly laughs that explode from the meeting of wit and shock .
You know exactly where , and the pleasure of Forgetting Sarah Marshall is in how it gets there .
Less like a party than a long night at a friendly saloon . Still , it 's replete with wayward charms .
Forgetting Sarah Marshall finds Apatow back on form , after the recent disappointments of Drillbit Taylor and , to a lesser extent , Walk Hard : The Dewey Cox Story .
I was almost in shock , and before I knew it a movie I was on the verge of despising was now in the second half getting me to loudly giggle in sudden bursts of schoolgirl-like laughter .
Segel has the Apatow gift for blending sweet and salty , mixing raunch with a romantic heart .
Gratuitous male nudity ? A man-child hero with a heart of gold ? R-rated comedy high jinks ? Yup , producer Judd Apatow is back on track with the hilarious Forgetting Sarah Marshall
As perfectly tailored an introduction of a new -LRB- if limited -RRB- movie star as has been seen since the golden age of the Hollywood studio system .
... while it 's likely to be a big hit with audiences , it 's not a very good film .
Crude and cuddly , with enough heart and hilarity to please both genders .
Written with a sensationally smutty Woody Allen expertise and loaded with big fat bawdy barrel laughs , Forgetting Sarah Marshall is another wacked out winner .
Segal writes some hilarious lines , and there is a deliriously random detour into vampire musical theater puppetry . But the film 's happiest surprise is Russell Brand .
The funny thing about this movie is , that it 's not that funny . Oh , you 'll get a few chuckles , but it 's not laugh out loud funny . It actually tries to be a little subtle and show more heart .
It does run long , but it mainly rollicks .
Sarah Marshall is familiar , if not fresh . Which is reassuring to those not looking for the new new thing .
While Segel is mildly amusing , Russell Brand steals the show as Brit rocker Aldous Snow , Sarah Marshall 's -LRB- Kristen Bell -RRB- new squeeze .
It 's certainly a big step up for Apatow produced projects from the negligible `` Drillbit Taylor , '' but despite the parade of familiar faces , ` Forgetting Sarah Marshall '' is n't the equal of his 2007 output .
While Forgetting Sarah Marshall in tagged with lots of puff and catchphrasing , the film 's ultimately and indisputably one of the most entertaining ways you could spend 112 minutes .
... The Apatow Company 's latest instant classic ...
It shows that the Apatow brand is still alive , kicking and prepared to wreak havoc on your funny bone without totally damaging your brain cells in the process .
some good individual performances , some funny scenes and solid secondary stories , but it 's a loosey goosey film that feels like a bunch of scenes tossed together like a salad .
runs into the same snags Vince Vaughn and Jennifer Aniston encountered when they suffered through The Break-Up in 2006
What I am most shocked about here is how a little-known actor can actually make for such a great lead in a big movie .
It 's a firecracker of a picture , paying tribute to stomped hearts everywhere , not to mention throwing valentines toward the Muppets , luscious Hawaii , and the comedic value of the penis .
Even though the Hawaii locations are beautiful , without Russell Brand this film would be a big dud .
For about an hour , the movie is essentially Budweiser ad humor writ long -LRB- `` Dude ! '' -RRB- but about halfway through , the movie shows it has a little heart .
This thin premise is better suited to a half-hour sitcom than a feature film , but it 's strong enough to support some entertaining fun performances from a group of TV stars , along with a lot of weightless filler .
Like its hero , Forgetting Sarah Marshall is a little soft around the middle , but all the more loveable for that .
While it 's hardly unforgettable , the latest raunchy rom-com from prolific producer Judd Apatow is a genial timewaster .
Was the movie entertaining ? Yes . Did it quite consistently earn some big laughs and small chuckles ? Yes . Was the audience 's intelligence insulted ? Thankfully , no .
A romantic comedy both men and women can fall in love with ... the kind of movie you could watch all day .
Congrats , Jason Segel , the latest lucky graduate of the Judd Apatow School of Movie Stardom .
Features some very big laughs and is considerably sweeter than the trailers would make it seem .
Forgetting Sarah Marshall gives another Apatow player a much-deserved day in the sun . Maybe Jay Baruchel or Martin Starr will soon get turns in the rotation .
Forgetting Sarah Marshall has a workable if unoriginal setup , but as a story it 's like one of those hotel guests lounging in an inner tube and drifting in lazy circles . It does n't really go anywhere .
Segel and Stoller make the formula fun and entertaining , with great performances and an entirely relatable lead character .
Forgetting Sarah Marshall is a refreshingly tender treatment of love gone wrong -- we mean , for a movie that 's got enough lowdown sexual content to start its own Kinsey Report .
-LSB- Jason -RSB- Segel embraces the destiny of male anatomy in yet another clever creation from the Judd Apatow Alumni Association ; this one , too , speaks from the male heart -LRB- and other parts -RRB- in a language accessible to females .
Segel , scripting himself , injects regular bursts of comic genius into the proceedings .
It 's sentimental and shocking , and it has more laughs than any non-Apatow-produced comedy out there . And it 's absurdly overlong .
Those afraid that the dismal Drillbit Taylor marked the beginning of the end for Hollywood wunderkind Judd Apatow can relax .
Forgetting Sarah Marshall is a hilarious movie , a brilliant deconstruction of the romantic comedy , a film that , assuming you have the appropriate sense of humor , will make you laugh out loud again and again .
Kunis is not just Peter 's savior , but the saving grace of a comedy that is really a series of sketches , a few of which sparkle , and most of which you 'll soon forget .
The problem is there 's nothing for the audience to latch onto and laugh at .
... acknowledges that there is an emotional component to sex - even for men .
Besides being hilariously funny , it 's also rather insightful , with some very smart dialog .
Forgetting Sarah Marshall is , as of April , the funniest movie of 2008 .
Has some good ingredients , but they 're mostly in the side dishes rather than the main course , and they 're not tasty enough to make the whole thing worth ordering .
Yeah , it 's pretty funny . And it 's a pretty accurate depiction of a certain feature of male romantic humiliation . But it 's also a little -- and this is one of my two misgivings about the movie -- expected .
Breakup comedy not as crass as other Apatow hits .
It has just the right balance of the salty and the sweet . It also signals an introduction of sorts to a couple of engaging talents .
Forgetting Sarah Marshall is at least as good as the two Apatow-directed movies , with a script that might be both a little sharper and a little more romantic .
Forgetting Sarah Marshall crassly dissolves the gender balance in a vat of acidic testosterone .
Scenes spoofing TV 's CSI incarnations are very funny and welcome . While mildly awkward moments abound , so do the belly busting , laugh out loud hits .
Finding humor in situations we 've all been through , and a few that only haunt our worst nightmares , Jason Segel and Nick Stoller make their mark in the Apatow-verse with a very funny date movie .
Even if his movie , produced by Apatow and directed by first-timer Nicholas Stoller , visits familiar territory , Segel 's willing to go to dark , weird places his contemporaries wo n't .
Sex and nudity are played for laughs , and they genuinely earn them -- not by shocking us , but by reminding us of the awkward hilarity of intimate relationships .
Does n't quite have as much heart as Apatow 's previous films , but there are laughs galore -- not to mention full frontal pudgy white dude nudity . Yikes .
Sarah Marshall is chock-a-block with scene-stealers .
It 's not hard , it turns out , to forget Sarah Marshall . The problem is remembering her .
The film may not be as laugh-packed as its predecessor Knocked Up , but it charms nonetheless .
It has a generosity toward all its characters that rescues it from predictability .
Segel 's script frequently enlivens pedestrian scenarios with sharp verbal back-and-forths and sudden cutaways to bizarre gags .
Solid rom com finds another Judd Apatow acolyte moving into the spotlight .
A step down from `` Superbad '' and `` Knocked Up , '' but still funny enough to be near-vintage Judd Apatow .
It helps that Segel is right on target as the charming nice-guy who maintains a casual vibe despite making a total fool of himself , and he has great chemistry with Mila Kunis .
There 's a lot to like in Forgetting Sarah Marshall . It 's a comedy energized by its imperfect and offbeat characters , prompting some wacky situations .
Personally , I ca n't remember the last time I laughed this hard at the movies .
Forgetting Sarah Marshall is a romantic comedy for guys , but there 's plenty of material aimed at female audiences as well , not the least of which are the full-frontal male assaults . We 're all friends in Judd Apatow 's comedic vision .
While the film has some laugh out-loud moments , it 's very poorly constructed and what we see onscreen seems to be the victim of either bad editing , poor direction or a script that was rushed into production too quickly .
An instant classic .
Jason Segel lets it all hang out , and we love him for it !
Between the climactic musical number that changes a horror classic forever , and at least 90 minutes of sustained laughter , what possible reason could you have to want to forget Sarah Marshall ?
Writing and starring in Forgetting Sarah Marshall , Jason Segel gets emotionally naked . He bares his soul . Also , he lets us see his schlong . As Steve Martin said , comedy is not pretty .
Like the infamous pregnant bedroom scene in Knocked Up , Segel breaks down another sacred behind-closed-doors sex situation that no one likes to talk about , and ends up with a classic memorable moment .
An outrageously raunchy romp , another audience-pleaser from Judd Apatow , who stretches farcial , vulgar silliness into outright hilarity .
One of those ca n't - miss romantic comedies in that there 's some sweet , sensitive , insightful stuff for the ladies -- but there 's also plenty of raunchy comedy for the boys . -LRB- And vice versa . -RRB-
Forgetting Sarah Marshall pretends to be an outrageous comedy , but still ends up finding a way to relate to everyone on a much more emotional level .
Adding fresh talent to his growing empire , Apathow , Hollywood 's King of Comedy , has produced a charming film that uses the basic ingredients of his format but is not as outrageous or raunchy as his signature pieces .
Producer Judd Apatow looks to have scored another long-legged hit with Forgetting Sarah Marshall .
Segel seems well on his way to becoming a worthy Apatow apprentice .
Because these films have the ability to make you care about the characters in a way that the Adam Sandler/Rob Schneider-ish movies never do , you walk out thinking you 've just seen something great , even if it 's only simply very good .





@highlight

With ample laughs and sharp performances , Forgetting Sarah Marshall finds just the right mix of romantic and raunchy comedy .