Stunning vision of the beautiful -- and fragile -- ocean .
This film is lovely to look at and would make an ideal vehicle for introducing kids to the world of oceanography and marine biology .
... if you measure it in terms of the sheer beauty of its presentation , its value is probably incalculable .
The footage is spectacular , the colors electric , the life aquatic trippier than anything you 'll see in even the most wildly imaginative animated fare .
While some of the content may go over younger viewers ' heads , it introduces them to complex issues while entertaining them with footage of playful sea lions and slithering snakes that appear to swim right toward your face .
Under the Sea 3D offers a rare and gorgeous look at marine life from the heart of the Coral Triangle .
Strictly fodder for the preteen set , Under the Sea 3D , the latest IMAX deep-sea-dive exploration -LRB- brought to you by the fisheye 's point of view -RRB- , is expectedly rudimentary but a splendor to watch .
People of any age will be fascinated by the Imax documentary Under the Sea , a riveting look at submarine life around the coast of Australia . I 've never experienced such good use of 3D .
It 's impossible not to be wowed by some of the images in Under the Sea 3D ,
the coolest of which are a nice
reminder that , even in the age of CG wizardry , the best special effects still come straight from Mother Nature .
Under the Sea 3D is a beautiful reminder that movies can take us to places we 've never been before . There are still worlds to conquer out there that do n't require the gussying up of CGI effects to hold our attention .
At times , the writing becomes a bit like a sermon about the woes of the oceans , but , in all honesty , I think we ca n't hear it enough that our environments are changing ----- and not for the better .
This incredibly ambitious undertaking could only be accomplished by people with a strong love of what they are doing , and patience to match .
A delightful , breathtaking , lively and gently illuminating documentary that must be experienced on a giant IMAX screen .
Even about halfway in , even having settled into your seat with those plastic glasses nestled on your nose , you 'll still find yourself dazzled again and again by the impossibly breathtaking beauty of the IMAX adventure Under the Sea 3D .
The plot may not be much -- amazing creatures live in the sea and if we keep polluting the world a bunch of them will die , so let 's stop being such jerks -- but the visuals are absolutely fantastic .
Younger children will be engrossed . Older ones may get bored .
If you 're not taking the family on an exotic beach vacation anytime soon , consider this a reasonable alternative .
The 3-D effects are uncanny ; much of the audience ducked when sea snakes lunged at it . You ca n't get that on your TV set . Yet .
Oceanic movies in actual science museums are far more interesting and nuanced than this documentary -- not to mention the wildly popular Planet Earth series , which even in 2-D looks better .
As intimate and enjoyable as anything Imax has done in 3-D .
I 've seen so many large - format deep-sea documentaries I 'm waterlogged , so I was reluctant to go to Under the Sea 3-D . But I 'm glad I did .
This is the fourth Imax underwater excursion , and the second in 3-D , and it may just be the best yet .
Under the Sea 3D is one of the best of the genre . If it does n't serve oysters , per se , this submarine wonder offers marvels in abundance .
The visuals are intimate and startling , comparable only to viewing a fantastic aquarium , and the aquarium is sitting in your lap .
The images are impressive , and include shots of some cuttlefish ` hey-hey ' cleverly set to the song Perhaps , Perhaps , Perhaps -LRB- the theme song for the Britcom Coupling -RRB- .
Runtime is a brisk , never boring 40 minutes and -LSB- Howard -RSB- Hall and company dish up a visual feast that is as close to being there than , well , being there .
A visually stunning IMAX adventure that increases our appreciation for the diversity of life .
No computer-designed animatronic invention can begin to match the beauty and grace of the oceanic life photographed in Under the Sea 3D .
This is a raw , brutal arena of cold-eyed predators chomping the weakest and inexpressibly ugly beings that have evolved so as to be disturbingly well camouflaged , utterly invisible until they make a deadly lunge at some poor vulnerable little fishy .
Entertaining , beautifully shot undersea documentary with stunning 3D effects and a worthy environmental message , this is exactly like deep sea diving only without all that tedious faffing about with wetsuits and diving equipment .
. . a visual pageant of strange undersea creatures hunting and scavenging and floating across the screen .
This is one of the few 3-D endeavors that really uses the format properly . At times it feels like the fish are swimming right at you !
One of the most fun and engaging IMAX movies to date .
Here to inspire awe and depression with a vast universe of marine life that , barring possible ecological disaster , will be here eons after we 're gone .
The tone is optimistic that these amazing creatures can be saved , and the message that the ocean ecology is worth preserving is delivered without preaching .
In addition to the incredible visuals -LRB- marred once or twice by a clunky editing decision -RRB- , the sound picks up the movement of water from a cuttlefish fin and the sound of fish eating off the ocean floor .
After 40 minutes behind 3-D glasses watching rare aquatic creatures , why bother with airline tickets and scuba gear ?
It 's that kind of detail that makes a the film such an immersive experience . An educational one , too .
The extraordinary images compensat -LSB- e -RSB- for its lack of structure , less than stellar narration and musical missteps .
Carrey remains an acquired taste but Under The Sea is a fine example of the 3D form and Hall 's mastery of it .
Exotic , eye-opening 3D underwater journey to an octopus ' garden in the shade .
If you have children who might be diverted by 40 minutes of natural wonders , and you can get to an Imax cinema , then Under the Sea 3D is a treat .
The IMAX format is ideal for the subject matter and , like its predecessors , this documentary proves to be a hybrid of entertainment and education , revealing rarely-seen natural splendors while sounding alarm bells about the environment .
Gorgeous , informative and as gripping as a shark 's jaws .





@highlight

Technically and visually dazzling ...