Some details jar but this is an atmospheric film with ambition and power .
An intense film , this is 90 minutes that will fly by and leave you as drained as the characters of this drama .
Plenty of talent is on display in front of and behind the camera in this psychological thriller based on the acclaimed TV miniseries .
An intense character study full of guilty-ravaged minds , Blood is less about the girl 's murder starting it than how such a travesty affects our response .
This bleak thriller about morality and guilt suffers from a muddled plot that lacks context for the troubled behavior of its characters .
Straightforward old school mental anguish combined with all the moodiness the Irish Sea can muster , a thoroughly professional crime thriller from start to finish .
At times , `` Blood , '' feels like a slightly-filled-out television police procedural with better cinematography , but the performances have an almost Shakespearean grandeur .
Paul Bettany turns in a stellar performance as a modern day Raskolnikov in this gritty psychological drama about the downfall of a British police family .
While the performances are strong , especially from Graham and Strong , this cop drama is saddled with derivative plot points that maybe it would have been best if the writer added more complexity to avoid predictability .
The landscape cinematography is often eye-pleasing , but the script is labored , filled with clichés and never allows for character development .
`` Blood '' may not be wholly original , but it is effective .
Despite excellent performances throughout , Blood 's forced plot and incomplete story causes it to fall far short of its potential .
Suffers from a crippling lack of back story and characters whose relationships are fraught with unexplained complexity .
`` Blood '' unfolds along familiar lines , but it works .
Bettany excels at portraying internal conflict in a movie that proves even well-acted suffering can reach a point of diminishing returns .
While hardly reinventing the wheel , `` Blood '' works best as a tone poem , with unspoken passages detailing a hard life .
Blood is just good enough to make me wish it was better . While occasionally effective , it is ultimately hindered by some incomplete storytelling .
`` Blood '' feels perfunctory , needing something besides fussy plotting to jolt it to life .
A tight , raincoats-flapping-in-the-wind crime drama ...
Themes of family ties , obsession , and morality , so dramatically realized in Conviction , are gracelessly and shapelessly strewn together here .
There 's powerful work here to savor while the story searches for ways to define its direction , keeping Blood convincing when it should rightfully fall apart .
The characters never manage to connect with one another , separated by gulfs of melodramatic angst and the plot demands of a boringly unspooled police procedural .
Not an unreserved success , then , but a smart , well-acted and well-directed picture that adds up to a little more than the sum of its parts .
That he -LSB- Nick Murphy -RSB- ca n't sustain the level of dramatic tension that Bill Gallagher 's script requires -LRB- the movie is adapted from the BBC veteran 's TV series Conviction -RRB- is a bummer , though you still get to bask in wonderful performances .
All four of the main performances are so strong that they deserve more space to develop and intertwine .
It 's clunky stuff , full of dreary dialogue that Bettany , Graham and Mark Strong ... do their best to transcend , but without much success .
An intriguing tale of machismo and crazy , mixed-up morality , but it 's hard to escape the feeling that it was perhaps better suited to the small screen .
In the end the plot lacks credibility and fails to support the tragic power and the moral weight ...
Finely detailed acting and stylish direction are somewhat undermined by a script that ca n't resist overstating its moral themes .
Blood does n't always ring true but there is enough meat in the story and merit in the cast to make it worth watching .
This police procedural about a pair of bent coppers goes by the book .
The film 's family-saga pretensions and bombastically overdone characterisation keep hobbling its better elements .
`` A brusque and intriguing thriller that plants itself firmly in the moral grey area , but it 's let down by clunky scripting and an apparent allergy to subtlety . ''
A well made , atmospheric British thriller with terrific performances from a superb cast , though it 's a little undermined by some casting issues and the script falters towards the end .
There 's a lot of depth in this stylish thriller , although director Murphy and writer Gallagher overstate the moral themes .
You 'll most likely be waiting for it end rather than anticipating the next juicy twist .
There 's an impressive attention to detail here with Murphy particularly strong on the psychological fall-out of the killing ...
-LSB- Its -RSB- petty misdemeanours would n't count so much against a better film , but with this film 's prior convictions , it 's hard not to hold it in contempt .
It 's a crisp , cold little thriller with a real sense of the noose tightening around otherwise unremarkable lives .
An effective British police thriller , Blood benefits from some stylish location work in Northeast England 's The Wirral and a typically engrossing performance from Paul Bettany .
at times over-elliptical or underwritten , but for the most part this is an intense study of family loyalties and legacies , unearthing the haunting wages of conscience in an unusual -LRB- and well-used -RRB- littoral landscape .
A morbid melodrama .
A portentous , sub-BBC production in which no corrupt cop trope is left unturned .

@highlight

While well-acted and skillfully directed , Blood never quite manages to draw its themes and characters into a coherent , compelling whole .