-LSB- If -RSB- you 're looking for something engaging or haunting , 1922 is about as barren as Wilfred 's fallow fields .
It may not be particularly original , but the details are well-realized , and the film moves along at a brisk pace . A minor King adaptation , perhaps , but a good one .
The slow building dread makes 1922 a movie experience that does its due diligence to fester , just like the body that resides at the center of Wilfred 's shame .
Still , if you 're in the mood for something quick and creepy , 1922 will do the trick . It 'll haunt you in just the right way , and then fade away like a specter .
A haunting viewing experience , managing a dark tale of murder and expanding guilt with style and care for King 's wicked interests in the corrosion of soul and the blurring of reality .
Not much happens and much more could have been made of the rural Gothic atmosphere , but this tale of vengeance from beyond the grave is still strong enough to warrant a watch .
Gruesome murder tale with horrific visuals ; violence , gore .
The progressive mental wear suffered by the character is transformed into ruthless torture and ... this gradualism becomes frightening ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
... a rock solid , astute , effective and thematically rich piece of modern horror cinema ...
1922 is a terrific example of just how powerful horror movies can be . Not only does writer-director Zak Hilditch employ a gorgeous , psychological slow-burn approach to the storytelling , he punctuates it with sudden bursts of visceral horror .
1922 is a fascinating exploration of what guilt does to a man , fueled by a strong lead performance from Jane and compelling direction .
... Wilfred 's guilt becomes a literal infestation . In the hands of a lesser actor , he could have become a caricature , but Jane stains him , revealing his toxic masculinity and vulnerability .
-LSB- 1922 -RSB- is a credible addition to a filmography where practically every thought the writer commits to paper is , seemingly , deemed fit for the screen .
The familiar case of a short story stretched too thin in a feature film .
1922 is a slow burn , a psychological horror tale that weaves a simple yet captivating story .
Maybe this would have been a great episode of Alfred Hitchcock Presents , but as a film , it feels too small for its own good .
There 's an unshakable menace that lingers , a tale of guilt and regret that burrows its way under the skin .
It 's a solid , straightforward thriller that gets the job done without much fuss , and it lands somewhere in the upper-middle of all King movie adaptations .
Thomas Jane 's dramatization of rage is haunting and shrewdly comical in its overt and ultimately moving über-manliness .
Months from now , or maybe years , we 'll probably look at Zak Hilditch 's `` 1922 '' as the most essential Stephen King adaptation produced in 2017 .
Stephen King does n't generally let his characters off the hook for evil deeds and Wilf and Henry suffer real good in 1922 . It 's a cautionary tale.Not only ` do n't murder your wife , ' but maybe the bigger picture of ` listen to women.It 's good for the soul . '
Zak Hilditch - like Gerald 's Game director Mike Flanagan - knows that , even with the pathos behind it , this is still a horror story .
Atmospheric and sparing , 1922 is one of King 's subtle nightmares , but it packs a punch by inspecting the familiar terrors of masculine pride gone wrong and the sinking spiritual punishment of a man who chooses his own damnation .
The film is not lurid in its scares , and instead depicts its protagonist 's suffering mostly as a slow rot .
Bled dry of suspense and true horror , 1922 is a dismal affair . Perhaps Hilditch was aiming for slow-burn horror , but all he mustered was a patience-trying bore .
... it 's a reminder that King 's biggest strengths lie in his unparalleled ability to build tension , create atmosphere , and tell a direct and brutal story , not in his ability to launch profitable many-branched franchises .
It does n't take any shocking new twists , but musters just enough fresh polish to a classic scenario to make it worth one more ride .
Too often actors playing rural roles mistake `` slow '' for `` stupid , '' but Jane pinpoints Wilfred 's mental acuity without rushing through reactions that feel anachronistic or phony .
A largely satisfying adaptation of Stephen King 's novella about unappeasable guilt triggered by the mortal sin of murder .

@highlight

Thanks to director Zak Hilditch 's patient storytelling and strong work from lead Thomas Jane , 1922 ranks among the more satisfying Stephen King adaptations .