... it 's serious , it 's sardonic , and it has both a sense of humor and a sense of outrage .
A carefully choreographed devil 's dance in which Nicolas Cage finds fleet-footed rejuvenation as a man aware evil ca n't exist without good , but that evil often wins . This uniquely unsympathetic , world-weary film earns the right to fling that truth .
A fine , grown-up movie , half thriller , half black comedy .
The movie ultimately crushes itself in a vise of self-loathing .
Niccol is no stranger to hot-button issues , but he outdoes his previous efforts by injecting this satire of war profiteering in the Halliburton age with a wicked arsenic wit .
I 'm beginning to get discouraged about Andrew Niccol .
Satire is rarely so hard-hitting , or high calibre .
This film fails so miserably do n't be surprised to find yourself often rooting against the supposed good guy .
That the CIA engages in these activities with all sorts of Orlovs no doubt slithering around in the mix somewhere , is a far more intriguing huge chunk of vital information that sadly never made it to the screen .
Even though Niccol sometimes puts unnecessary homilies in the mouths of his characters , he mostly pulls off the tricky feat of being direct and breezy at the same time . `` Lord of War '' skims along like a dance routine .
Lord of War has a surreal edge , despite being enmeshed in world events , with absurdity and dark humor laced throughout .
Una película frívola y superficial sobre un tema serio e importante como el tráfico de armas . Entretiene , pero como denuncia cínica se queda corta .
The movie 's too flippant for good drama and not funny enough for satire , but the morbidly fascinating subject and Cage 's reptilian performance hold our interest .
Impressive performances , fascinating info-bytes and pertinent editorial , but in the end , it feels too much like an illustrated lecture .
The film 's approach to violence is unflinching : this is what poor people are doing to each other with the guns the West sells them , it screams -- but there 's no suggestion it might be stopped , or slowed .
The film is totally engaging , even though not always on an emotional level ; there are so many issues striding through the screenplay it 's hard to relate too closely to Yuri , although there are moments .
Unlike most Hollywood movies being made today , Lord of War actually has something to say even though it goes about saying it clumsily ...
Niccol seems to have bitten off more than he can chew here , substituting feverishness for character development ...
The high point is Niccol 's script , which turns weighty subject matter into dark comedy .
This film entertained me throughout , but it also provided me with a truly insightful look at the amoral world of trading man-killers .
O anti-herói complexo oferece ao brilhante roteiro a oportunidade de analisar , de forma inventiva e fascinante , o mercado negro -LRB- abastecido por grandes governos -RRB- das armas de fogo .
... absorbing , even as it makes hamfistedly obvious moral points along the way .
An arresting and disturbing piece of work that gets its message across without coming off as overly preachy .
Once you are trapped into being interested in the characters you may find you are learning more about the business than you really wanted to know and a lot that you hope is untrue . Sadly , there seems to be a uniform real ring of truth .
-LRB- Nicolas -RRB- Cage might just dip a toe into early Oscar consideration with this outing . He 's that good .
Cage is perfectly cast and he 's on top form here , subtly combining elements from both his action movie persona and his more quirky , off-kilter performances .
Niccol squeezes his cartoonish irony for pathos , as if retelling Superman from the dark side but softening it to make us lament , ` Poor Lex Luthor . Poor , lost Lex Luthor ' .
It 's told in a shaky balance of values and one could leave the theatre wondering if they 've been entertained or criminalized .
-LSB- W -RSB- hile the film is powered by a righteous anger , it is also very funny , stylish and daring .
Here 's an interesting dramatic film that 's looking for a demographic .
Amir Mokri 's thought-filled camerawork and Zach Staenberg 's editing are first-rate and keep the overstuffed plot at least in discernible motion , but , truth to tell , Niccol ... has too much on his mind here and not enough film to tell it .
Few works are as unbearable as a tirade that thinks it 's a satire .
It 's one of this year 's most ambitious movies , and also one of the angriest .
If it was n't for the great acting , a solid script and strong direction , this would be a tiresome movie .
Lord Of War drops the hammer slowly , laying out the fascinating parameters of Cage 's world before opening up its argument in an astonishing denouement .
What turns -LSB- Niccol -RSB- on is remaking De Palma 's Scarface with guns replacing cocaine . Lord of War is n't as much fun , though , or as morally instructive .
Niccol takes no prisoners , pulls no punches , no one inside its snake-like coils coming away smelling of anything other than mud .
A caustic satire masquerading as an action adventure .
A clever , engaging and thought-provoking view into a world few know anything about .
A battle to sit through .
The approach to Yuri 's tale is an interesting one as Cage and Niccol never break their poker faces in trying to make him any more or any less than what he actually is .
Amid all the spent bullets and criticisms of our current president , there still is room for irony in `` Lord of War . '' Unintentional , yes , but it 's there .
The remainder of Andrew Niccol 's film is so conservatively directed that the opening 's audacious style is missed .
Starts out the work of a filmmaker well aware that he 's dealing with a visual medium and ends up as the work of a filmmaker who 's retreated into preachy speechifying .
An interesting study of an unrepentant louse .
Moral ambiguity has rarely been so well done on screen .
Nicolas Cage gives a great performance as a man you would never want to meet or spend two hours with in a theater .
This is Niccol 's bravest movie to date , and it is an unquestionably brilliant work .
A great , bleak satire that only succombs to unevolved sentimentality from time to time .
Cage blunts the film 's message by his over-acting , turning it into a film that 's not quite serious drama , not quite comedy , and not quite good .
A raffishly ironic and insinuating movie -- and probably the most sheerly enjoyable film of the year so far .
I just wish the film made its points about guns and governments better , and less heavy-handedly .
Do n't go in expecting a standard Nicolas Cage adventure and you 'll be pleasantly surprised how good this is .
This issue deserves a serious airing , which it does n't get in a movie this slick and morally bankrupt .
I do n't mean the suggest that the film 's cynicism is a bad thing , a negative attribute . How can you not be cynical in the face of this ?
Nicolas Cage delivers the guns and the goods . Powerful images compliment a gripping story .
Niccol and Cage make the downward spiral an entertaining journey - so fiercely entertaining that it takes an eternity to realize how just how hard we 've been sucker-punched .
Andrew Niccol keeps the film interesting with frenzied camerawork and startling imagery . It 's too bad the story itself did n't take as many chances .
Messy and ill-defined , and as scattershot as its grand topic .
As flawed as it is , still has some value as it delivers some measure of truth .
An unflinching portrait of a man who needs to have his ethics examined .
Might have worked as a documentary , but is n't nearly entertaining enough as a work of fiction .
Educational as well as entertaining , but its free-floating plot as it drifts from event to event makes it a series of favorable memories rather than a fully-formed picture .
As Yuri plainly gets off on risk , he 's also broadly representative of cavalier attitudes toward risk concerning vulnerable individuals and communities .
With these evildoers exuding such charisma , it 's no wonder that the film 's message about the immorality of gun-running gets diluted .
There are the makings here of a really good feature or an even better documentary , but as it stands , Lord of War is not quite either .
Nicolas Cage is enormously , paradoxically likable as a genuine monster .
Plays like a smarty-pants Esquire essay by David Foster Wallace . Even if you agree with it , the movie is so endlessly pleased with itself that you wish you did n't .
Lord of War tosses grenades and then fearfully runs from them .
Bleakly funny and bitterly cynical .
Lord of War has a hip , gonzo energy to it and it 's often transfixing to watch and listen to . But it 's finally just as empty as the man it 's about .
The poison arrows of satire that writer-director Andrew Niccol aims at international arms dealing and the great powers who let it happen for their own gain -- the U.S. dangles prominently on Niccol 's hook -- are frustratingly scattershot .
We should feel both sickened and engrossed .
This fast-paced and undeniably intelligent film still qualifies as a disappointment .
His heavy-handedness and inability to humanize and explain his hero mean that even the choir Niccol is preaching to wo n't be moved by Lord of War .
Its denunciation of rich-nation profiteering at the expense of poor-nation exploitation has you ready to pull your ` enough already ' ripcord .
Nicolas Cage as a globe-trotting , under-the-counter arms dealer ? It works better than anyone had a right to expect , and precisely because of the idea 's seeming incongruity .
It 's a confrontational piece of filmmaking that examines political subject matter without the safety net of genre artifice .
When scenes , performances and even individual shots in Lord of War are considered alone , they 're brilliant .
It 's worth overlooking Lord of War 's flaws .
Instructive , but rarely interesting , and plot-free , but not in a way that favors good characterization .
Lord of War mixes gallows humor with moral outrage over the way people like Yuri are allowed to make a living .
A deep morality play , lead by one of Hollywood 's most honest and sincere performers .
Movies usually show bullets as if they 're generic , anonymous masses of metal coming off a conveyor belt , while Lord of War wants us to see that each bullet is inscribed with somebody 's name .
The story is a strange mix of action/adventure , character development and comedy . Here is the sort of wonderful writing that will have you laughing out loud at gunplay and rooting for an utterly amoral broker of death .
Its best moments burn with irony .
Cage keeps us entertained on the path to Armageddon , which is more consideration than any of the real masters of war have shown .
It 's just a well-intended essay , a movie when necessary but not necessarily a movie .
As a drama , it is n't much . As education , its heart is certainly in the right place . As an entertainment experience , it 's more than a bit of a repetitive .
The real pity is that the film could have made its points without being so insufferably preachy and ponderous .
There should be a phrase for the errors Lord of War makes : Call them substance abuse .
It gives moviegoers something to think about . If that recommendation sounds too dutiful , let it be known that it 's exciting as well as thought-provoking .
This is a political , thinking person 's film , not the action-comedy previews might suggest .
For a movie dealing with so much explosive firepower , Lord of War is a damp squib .
Lord of War is advocacy entertainment -- an act of mainstream provocation -- and , for the most part , it works unusually well .
When all is said and done , Lord of War presents us with a hopeless world . War is hell , but what are you going to do about it ?
Glib as its protagonist , it wants to talk its way into the pantheon alongside ` Dr. Strangelove ' ; still , it 's a worthy addition to a movie culture that fetishizes firearms ...
Slick and undeniably entertaining .
Charming and amoral , intense and indifferent , Cage continues to deliver the kind of dominating performance that elevated quirky efforts such as Adaptation .
Lord of War lacks the major gravitational pull that a film of its scope should exert .
What a total misfire .
When Niccol allows the movie to stop and breathe for a while , it 's often powerful .
Niccol 's attention to detail perks up the screenplay , and constantly strengthens the ideas that he 's frantically trying to communicate .
While not shining as brightly as Niccol 's other writing work -LSB- Gattaca , The Truman Show , The Terminal -RSB- , Lord of War definitely deserves a look once it hits DVD .
Lord of War is an extremely compelling tale with fantastic acting performances , great dialogue and dark humor that still makes you laugh in the middle of gripping drama
` Tween the multi-million dollars films , Cage often brings us the real stuff ...
it 's a point weakly made , with depressingly little to back it up
Any time you 're watching a film in which the statistics in the voice-over have more intrinsic drama than the protagonists ' lives , you know you 're in trouble .
Intelligent but not particularly involving .
The blitzkrieg of images and rapid-fire narration takes us on a breathtaking inside tour of a scary world .
Gripping and unforgettable .
Andrew Niccol takes on a huge issue and gives it the Goodfellas treatment ... -LSB- but it is -RSB- less successful , overlong and not as emotionally engaging
a classic hubris rise-and-fall story , chillingly real and contemporary and very scary .
Nicolas Cage stars as a globe-trotting gunrunner in this misfire of a political satire about the international gun market .
-LSB- Cage -RSB- makes everything bearable , applying his usual talent for giving unsavory characters some attractive traits .
For all its intelligence , the film gradually sinks under the weight of its own sense of mission .
Lord of War would have worked better if its message had been more muted , muffled . Niccol could have used a silencer on his gun .
Satire runs rampant in this cynical action-adventure , revolving around `` a necessary evil . ''
In showing us a man who tries not to notice what happens after he closes the deal , Niccol gives us a fast and funny movie that should leave you feeling a bit queasy .
The film is morally unsettling on its surface , and then you realize the surface is all you 're going to get .
The viewer needs to bond with Yuri or we wo n't care what happens ; but a lot of what happens is distasteful .
Niccol wants us to identify with the sinner , but he has no taste for the sin .
A bleak comedy , funny in a Catch-22 sort of way , and at the same time an angry outcry against the gun traffic that turns 12-year-olds into killers and cheapens human life to the point where might makes not only right , but everything else .
Lord is dull . Dirty dishwater dull . Terminally dull .
Niccol 's ambitious , blacknasty take on arms dealing certainly has its share of niceties ... but it can never quite get a fix on the delivery of its volatile subject matter .
Niccol layers in smart comedy with ample action and falters only when attempting to hammer home moments of poignancy .
A trippy , high-budget public service announcement shot like a luxury car commercial .
A long and didactic history lesson , the repetitive Lord of War is like a Michael Moore message movie .
-LRB- The way you feel about Nicholas Cage 's character is exactly how you might feel about the leaders of all governments . They are indeed cut from the same bloody cloth -RRB- .
The result is a dead pile of information in search of a movie .
Thanks to all of the voice-over , Lord of War feels like a two-hour trailer for a better movie .
As slick , flashy public-service announcements go , Lord of War is no Constant Gardener .
There 's a glibness to the treatment that smacks more of sophomoric black comedy than sharp satire , but the cinematic verve is hard to resist .
We 've seen hundreds of gun-crazy action movies , but few films that tell us anything about the business of buying and selling weapons .
Unlike Cage 's reliable merchandise in the film , Niccol 's supposedly explosive exposé misfires with every other shot .
Nic Cage 's performance is so adept that he makes a gun-runner appear to be a likable character .
The story and characters are vivid and compelling , although the film is far too dense for its own good .
Niccol 's script is finally too much for the film to hold onto .
An oddly satisfying mesh of an international action-adventure with an extremely dark satire about the global arms trade .







@highlight

While Lord of War is an intelligent examination of the gun trade , it is too scattershot in its plotting to connect .