There is n't a character here who resembles a real person you might care about .
It 's a bit of a mainstream comedy , sure , and for that it sometimes feels slight or conventionally paced , but it 's packed with more heart and perception than most , and it treats its characters as fully realized people .
Any film that makes Rose Byrne unappealing has its head well and truly up its bum .
Clumsy and cute - that 's my concise review of regular Sacha Baron Cohen collaborator Dan Mazer 's directorial debut I Give It a Year .
As long as you can deal with romantic leads who are rather flawed and a more cynical tone than you may expect , you should find plenty to laugh about , offset with the odd grimace .
does n't know when to take a step back and call it quits .
It 's funny , yes , but also depressing , like watching the mating habits of mollusks .
`` I Give It a Year '' is a smart farce that would make Hugh Grant and his fans proud .
The big laughs compensate for the lack of a suitable emotional payoff .
You might not want to stick by it in sickness and in health , 'til death do you part , but it 's a reasonable enough companion for a night out at the cinema .
Mazer 's previous onscreen experience is undeniably obvious . No penis is left unfilmed , no crude scene prevented from going on far too long .
Mazer , a Sacha Baron Cohen collaborator , directs this comedy without much snap , crackle or pop .
In addition to some trite set pieces , writer-director Dan Mazer serves up nothing more than conspicuous cynicism masquerading as comedy .
The tonal clash is jarring , and Mazer does n't help matters by erring on the side of blandness .
Can a comedy be too funny for its own good ?
-LSB- VIDEO ESSAY -RSB- As a premise , a doomed marriage sounds like a no-brainer : you can pile on outrageous episodes of slapstick , physical comedy and biting wit . Unfortunately , `` I Give It a Year '' is a no-brainer .
It 's not romantic in the slightest , and it is quite comedic on occasion , but the parts do n't fit together at all .
A fun , amusing , will-they-or-won ` t-they confection -- a love rhombus wherein a hastily married couple grapples with mutually wandering eyes .
As pure comedy , it 's a hoot .
While individual actors can be amusing , especially among supporting players , `` I Give It a Year '' is thoroughly tone deaf . I would n't give it five minutes .
Turns the romantic comedy on its head by utilizing a simple and effective formula that blends parody and affecting relationship dramatics .
A smutty script and a passel of objectionable characters form an imperfect rom-com union - one that will , with any luck , fade from the mind long before its title suggests .
Whatever attachment we might form for the characters or their fates gets lost in thickets of farce and barrages of one-liners .
It 's rather close to excruciating .
There 's some very funny stuff on the margins , but overall it 's pretty weak .
`` I Give It a Year '' holds a special place in film history . It 's the only romantic comedy where you root for the main couple to get a divorce .
By turns thoughtful , awkward and lacking in chemistry , the movie ultimately sticks to the rom-com template without making the outcome matter .
This is an inspired idea for a rom-com , and Mazer makes it pay off with a climactic speech that 's at once a parody of the genre and utterly , bizarrely heartfelt .
Sarcastic , frank and ultimately very funny , I Give It a Year most importantly understands the grating pitfalls of the romantic comedy and subverts them in more ways than one .
Not just diverting but surprisingly thoughtful , even if we 're never given too much reason to care about Nat and Josh .
Nothing works : not the haphazard stabs at conjuring a sweet-and-sour comic tone , not the reliance on people saying horribly inappropriate things in lieu of actual jokes , and not the one-note characters ...
I give it a week .
Much of the film 's attempted laughs come from the comedy-of-discomfort school , with an endless array of situations that milk awkwardness to a degree that makes these scenes far more unpleasant than humorous to watch .
Refreshingly sour for a rom-com , but there 's so little chemistry between the leads that we never believe them or root for them as a couple
More a comedy than a romantic tale , this movie is decked out with hilarious side roles .
The default middle ground between true-to-life and wacky in I Give It A Year turns out to be a place of dreary artificiality .
Splendidly pert dialogue , laugh-out-loud situations , and an ensemble of ready and willing performers combine to ultimately give `` I Give It a Year '' the volt of electricity it needs to keep from becoming familiar and obvious .
Makes an agreeable screen mess of emotions and impulses , carried largely by an ensemble clearly enjoying the opportunity to send up the foibles of coupledom .
As with Bridesmaids , Rose Byrne proves herself to be naturally funny , and the film is definitely cliche-averse : there is no way the story 's final act would have survived the American test screening process .
It 's hard to imagine ever laughing again after being steamrolled by this juggernaut of lameness .
Obsessed with how clever it thinks it is that it completely sinks the romantic comedy pirate ship it sets forth to be
Much like the original Death at a Funeral , it offers enough huge physically-driven laughs that it makes up for some of the lazier storytelling decisions .
Manages to have its wedding cake and spit on it too .
Ultimately the film refuses to bust out of the conventional rom com template . Its plot is face-punchingly implausible , its characters straitjacketed by stereotype , and its humour terminally planted in extreme awkwardness and feeble frat-boy crassness .
Given the propensity here for being ` outrageous ' , it 's nice that the central foursome of players are so appealing .
Earns laughs with some well-executed set-pieces .
Its premise is an original and audacious one , but it ultimately gives way to all the cliches of the genre it is attempting to subvert .
It winds up rather inelegantly shoehorning salty humor and abrasive sentiment into a genre template , but an above-average number of laugh-out-loud set-pieces compensate for the resulting wobbly narrative .
Mazer 's juvenile sense of humour simply is n't strong enough to give the film any balls
It was always meant to be offbeat , risqué and shocking in parts and in some ways it achieves its goal - sort of . But it could have been much better and might have got more bite -LRB- as well as truth -RRB- with another director
A bafflingly misguided experiment .
I only wish this review could have had a happier ending .
Mazer 's wobbly quality control means that the viewer will be cringing too - Stephen Merchant , as Josh 's boorish best friend , delivers a dismally unfunny best man 's speech and his subsequent appearances in the story are even more toxic .
I Give It a Year deserves a much harsher sentence than the title suggests and without remission for good conduct .
-LRB- ... -RRB- not one I 'd recommend you take your mother-in-law to see for a treat - and you wo n't be buying her a digital photo frame any time soon either .
The British rom-com is back !
Some incredibly funny moments but some sail way wide of the mark and make the final piece seem incredibly uneven .
Watch it , and laugh at the truth about love .
There are times you laugh , and times when you hate it all .
Not so much a rom-com as an anti-romance comedy , this brightly amusing British film makes us laugh fairly consistently , although the story itself is pretty grim .
Here is a brave , or possibly foolhardy , attempt by the producers of Love Actually and Bridget Jones ' Diary to infuse realism into romcom .
Mazer 's comedy pedigree ensures this is regularly laugh-out-loud funny .
-LSB- A -RSB- movie to make you hate romance , and romantic comedies , and people . How does anyone look at this root canal of a flick and not conclude that humanity is awful and deserves to die in a fire ?
Dan Mazer 's film about a couple who got married too quickly is both funny and plausible , if slightly constricted by its romcom template .
Like a Frankenstein 's Monster of the worst characteristics of the movies of Richard Curtis -LRB- smugness -RRB- and Judd Apatow -LRB- misogyny -RRB- , Mazer 's film delivers every romantic comedy cliché imaginable .
Mazer has an unsparing skill at pushing comic situations to the pain barrier and beyond .
Spall and his co-star Rose Byrne are two incredibly likeable comic performers , and Dan Mazer 's cheerfully abrasive film capitalises on that quality to tell a story that might otherwise have been too sour to swallow .
Anybody familiar with London will appreciate Mazer 's anti-Curtis approach to the city , more Soho than South Bank , but regardless of region it 's hard to resist I Give It a Year 's spiky charms .
Here we have an adult comedy that dares suggest that love is not always eternal . As it happens , that 's a goldmine of untapped comedy potential .
Watchable British comedy , enlivened by strong performances from a talented comic cast , though it 's not quite as funny as it thinks it is and some of the gags fall painfully flat .
There 's no doubt that these people deserve each other . It 's just a matter of sorting out which insufferable twit ends up with which .
It may start off edgy but it ends with a double helping of schmaltz .
These people are without exception awful , selfish and dull .
Alas , this is neither edgy nor funny enough .
The jokes are strong and delivered by a very talented cast , but the heart is n't there . It 's easy to laugh , but hard to care .
Even if the emotional mathematics do n't quite add up , enough diversion is provided by pic 's broader comic setpieces to paper over the cracks .
A gag-filled chuckler with talent to spare .

@highlight

It 's nowhere near as inventive as its reverse rom-com premise might suggest , but I Give It a Year is disarmingly frank -- and often quite funny .