For very young viewers , the story is exceptionally easy to follow , and the vocal cast keep the hammy , hey-listen-to-me ! stuff to a minimum .
A film with a great story and something for everyone . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Restores some faith that there are some creative minds left in animated films that Pixar has n't added to its talent pool .
It 's sophisticated look is rich with details that are easy to take for granted , but which add immeasurably to the texture and dimension of the scenes .
The latest generation of animated flicks is a sort of latter-day vaudeville revue . Kiddies who take Bolt to heart may conclude not only that dogs really do have superpowers , but also that everybody 's in showbiz .
Wait ... an all-star voice cast for a computer-animated story we 've never heard of before , and it 's watchable , too ?
A touch slight by Disney standards , but even if it 's not high art , it 's still warm-and-fuzzy fun .
Bolt marks Disney 's long awaited re-emergence as a top-dog in the world of animation .
... a fairly winning animated endeavor .
What Bolt lacks in originality it makes up for in execution .
Unmistakably bears the conflicting influence of Pixar and Disney 's old ideals .
Are your kids ready for an existential movie ? Turns out they are : Disney 's CGI-animated action comedy Bolt is , at its core , a story of one individual 's discovery that his sense of reality ... has been seriously skewed . -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB-
Focused , fun and action-packed , Disney 's Bolt proves that it does n't need the Pixar banner to make an excellent CG animated film .
John Travolta 's earnest , gentle voice performance as the title character goes a long way in making this Disney animated feature a winner .
So much fun , you might be tempted to conclude that Disney 's acquisition of the amazing Pixar team has inspired the already in-house Disney team to new heights .
Molonoti me ton Lasseter kapoy pano ap ' tin paragogi , na tis dinei aroma Pixar , i prototypia tis tainias tis Disney eksantleitai se merika oraia panarismata kai haritomenes gonies tainias drasis sti skinothesia , i asfaleia tis sto problepsimo senario omos
I had a lot more fun at Bolt than I initially thought I would .
The jokes are n't a match for Pixar 's best , and there 's too much sentimentality -LRB- as if Lasseter were determined to keep Disney 's cartoons just that little bit less cool than Pixar 's -RRB- , but this is still an above-average children 's film .
It 's funny and inventive , though not greatly helped by 3D .
The plot is sentimental fluff . But this has energy and invention enough to keep Lasseter top of the heap .
The wonderfully expressive features on Bolt make him feel almost real and the movie has enough charm and humour to please both adults and children .
The latest Disney animation has everything going for it , from a cast including John Travolta and Miley Cyrus to a truly brilliant premise .
Bolt 's nothing short of a winning mix of pixel perfect magic .
Tremendously lovable and funny stuff .
Wittier by the reel , Bolt is ca n't - miss family entertainment , and a glad relief from the solemnities of award season .
Bolt is a damn enjoyable and undeniably funny film .
While any remaining competitors slink away with their tails between their legs , Pixar and Disney just need to find a name for their new pedigree . Here , Pixey !
Bolt is enormous fun from start to finish for adults and kids alike . Disney animation does n't get much better than this - especially when in many places you will get to see this in 3D .
For entertainment value , there 's nothing this week to rival Bolt . It 's a clever , funny family film .
The animation is n't up there with Pixar 's finest but still looks great , while the story is engaging enough for kids and adults alike . In short , it 's the puppy 's privates - and do try to catch it in 3D if you possibly can .
Bolt has all the wit , wisdom and top class computer imagery of a Pixar film , with the star voice cast of a Disney release .
It 's a big surprise to find that The House Of Mouse 's first 3D cartoon is such a sophisticated jobbie .
Bolt is fast-paced , funny and beautifully animated -- a charming movie that would have Benji and Lassie howling in jealousy .
The unlikely superhero of this film is the hamster , who brings the funny amid a flurry of weaker gags . But Bolt still has charm - it just wo n't hit with the adults the way the best animated films can .
Disney 's first 3D animation , made under new head John Lasseter , is a likeable , dynamic and seductively characterised family entertainment .
Its hero may lack any real super bark but this comic cartoon comes with a sharply ironic bite .
The fact that the hamster steals the film speaks volumes about the lack of fresh ingredients .
It 's a neat progression for Disney that finds balance between the studio 's old-school charm and Pixar 's dynamic modern outlook .
If a little twee for grown-ups , this is riotous fun for kids . Even if it 's not Pixar-perfect , it 'll definitely do until Up touches down .
This cracking cartoon romp is just what you yearn for from an animated movie - smart , funny and not too long ! Bolt is brilliantly animated entertainment that will keep both kids and their parents amused .
Could Bolt 3D be better animated ? No . Could it be funnier ? A bit . Did it need the 3D ? Not really .
Even if it 's a bit too knowing in places for children and a bit lightweight in others for adults , as a whole it gives Pixar every chance to show that even with a moderate story line it can give us something to savour .
Enjoyable animated adventure with likeable characters , impressive 3D effects -LRB- in selected cinemas -RRB- and a witty , Truman Show-inspired script .
It 's a lovely , often hilarious piece of work .
Great action and witty sight gags raise the toon bar .
This is the best animated feature of 2008 .
There really is n't anything terribly fresh nor distinctive here .
A presença de John Lasseter como produtor se faz sentir na história que se revela bem amarrada e nos personagens divertidos que não precisam apelar para a caricatura para fazerem rir .
Eclipsed by the dynamic duoe Wall-E and Kung Fu Panda , Bolt is the other great computer-animated film of 2008 .
Super-cute , even though there 's not much there .
Bolt combines Pixar smarts with classic Disney storytelling .
The perfect holiday movie follow-on for those kids and kidults still high on the comic buzz of Madagascar 2 .
While it may lack a certain amount of bite , there 's plenty of bark to recommend this winning animated adventure .
Adults should get a good kick out of these animal characters and the exemplary personality quirks that go beyond just image perfection .
Essential to the proceedings is a fired-up hamster who believes the dog is the superhero he plays on ` the magic box ' and is itching to help him : ` Ring , ring ! Who is it ? Destiny ? I 've been expecting your call . '
If you feel as though you need to borrow a child to buy a ticket for this cutest of cute films , go right ahead . You wo n't want to miss this adorable animated film about a dog who thinks he 's a superhero
` Bolt ' is consistently entertaining because its characters are so endearing .
A formula that has worked ever since Lassie came home in 1943 .
This lively animated adventure keeps us entertained even if the story and characters are n't particularly well-developed
-LRB- Bolt is -RRB- slick , sophisticated , incredibly well scripted , and sprinkled with enough ani-magic fairy dust to keep both the adults and the wee ones totally sated .
Disney Lite - thin and familiar but love that digital animation !
This is the best action adventure movie for kids I 've seen in a long , long time .
A frisky addition to that collection of man 's best friend movies , with a generous portion of one-joke-fits-all humor to captivate kid and adult audiences alike .
Rhino -LRB- voiced maniacally by Mark Walton , a Disney story artist who grew up in Salt Lake City -RRB- walks away with the movie , or rather rolls away with it in his little hamster ball .
With the holiday season officially underway , `` Bolt '' is the perfect present for the whole family .
It 's entertaining while it lasts but dissipates from memory the moment it 's over .
Bolt is a good but not great film which should earn Walt Disney Animation a deserved hit even if it wo n't quite return them to the heights of their own creative and commercial heyday .
Easily the best Disney animated film since 2002 's Lilo & Stitch ... a return to core values for the studio .
The 3-D glasses are a pain and the film is too long , but the hamster and cat run away with the show .
Let 's not underestimate the significance of a workmanlike Disney animation .
Super-dog adventure is fun , age-appropriate for kids .
BOLT is an insignificant cartoon , but undeniably enjoyable . I was smiling through most of it and I imagine kids will too .
Not your grandfather 's 3 ~ D.
Disney 's holiday tentpole is an engaging , solid effort . Its primary fault ? Being released the same year as WALL % u2022E .
Bolt ? More like Sparky . The movie is nowhere near as good as this year 's best animated film , `` Wall-E , '' but it does zip with energy , the story escalates nicely and , in the end , it 's a good time .
The unappealing cross-country trip of a dog , a cat , and a hamster .
There 's something both simple and sweet about Bolt , yet epic , that 's entirely surprising .
... arguably the best non-Pixar -LSB- animated -RSB- film that Disney has released in some time ... -LSB- A -RSB- t best , it 's an amusing by-the-numbers effort .
Straight-ahead star power is provided by teeny-bop pop star Miley Cyrus as Penny and John Travolta who looks better as an animated dog than he did in drag in Hairspray .
That it falls short of Pixar 's lofty heights does n't mean the attempt is n't worthwhile ; indeed , Bolt is the most entertaining and well-crafted Disney Animation movie in years .
While it 's not at the level of Pixar -LRB- and I ask you , what is ? -RRB- , Bolt is a solid animated film with plenty of action and plenty of heart .
The 3-D process is an enhancement , even though it 's used with little verve or ingenuity . But the movie 's terms are severely limited too .
Sometimes a story is so beautifully simple that it 's impossible to muck it up , and the animated 3-D Bolt is a perfect example .
Belief may be in question for much of the movie -- only for the perturbed pooch -- but fortunately , enjoyment is never a problem .
In the pre-Thanksgiving lull , parents can take their young ` uns to Bolt , drop their 10-to-14-year-olds off at Twilight , and the whole family will have survived the weekend .
If only first-time directors Chris Williams and Byron Howard would have followed the advice in their own film , Bolt could have turned out to be incredibly extraordinary .
Bolt is packed with action sequences , but it finds room for humor and heart , too .
Whenever a new kids ' film comes out , there 's always the hope that it 'll work for adults , too . Alas , not this time . But the kids will probably like it .
Sharply-drawn supporting characters , a solid narrative hook and slickly constructed action-adventure sequences help make for a vibrant , engaging , feel-good treat that will connect strongly with younger viewers .
Although it does n't reach the heights of Finding Nemo or The Incredibles , it 's a masterpiece compared with Disney 's 2002 Treasure Island .
Bolt , with its numerous winks and nudges , reminds us how attuned we are to the falseness of pop culture , which is n't the same thing as connecting us with its truths .
Disney animation takes a tentative step out of the shadows of Pixar with Bolt , a winning 3D-animated action-comedy that marries the best Disney traditions with Pixar polish .
While Bolt is n't as funny , memorable or inspired as the animation classic from which it pilfers , it 's still beautifully animated , cleanly told , professionally voiced and makes you smile without insulting your intelligence .
Overall it 's basically a crass marketing concept closer to Beverly Hills Chihuahua than a fully conceived work of art like Wall-E .
Disney surely sees that inside the kinetic movement of Pixar films is a lot of restraint . Bolt is super-fast , yet not as super-sincere as it would like to believe .
Wall-E , it 's not , but its target kiddie audience will have no problem whatsoever adopting Bolt .
At the end of the day , Bolt is a sweet Disney family film , but Lasseter 's oversight has made it smarter than it otherwise would have been .
You wo n't need to keep a pack of tissue at the ready here , but Bolt does have some lump-in-the-throat moments courtesy of a vividly drawn , huggable main character you grow to love .
Bolt is n't a dazzler , but it 's entertainment with heart .
I 'm never a big fan of animal films and I admit it 's because , though I am by no means a crier , pets losing their friends or getting lost gets me all choked up . Frankly , it 's embarrassing . But if you can make me sniffle , you 've won me over . Bolt ... sniff
It 's smart enough to keep adults on their toes and exciting enough to keep a kid with a short attention span glued to his seat .
What this mutt lacks in uniqueness it makes up for in puppyish charm , high-class velocity and enough pop culture crackle to keep most demographics suitably amused .
This computer-animated -LRB- but non-Pixar -RRB- adventure flick does n't do much of anything innovative , but it sports a disarming furball of a lead and enough jaunty comic turns to carry the day .
Witty , sweet and -- in 3D -- often visually dazzling , Bolt is an unexpected pleasure , a showbiz , sci-fi spin on a classic Disney tale that 's sure to please small kids and parents alike .
The directors and screenwriters hit all their marks and push all the right buttons , but the story never really takes off , and the characters never really spark to life .
It 's not a ` gourmet ' banquet on the order of Ratatouille or the first Shrek , but this peppy picture is certainly more than a cinematic ` snack , ' and for its 96-minute running time will not bore kids , the parents or other adults joining them .
Adults wo n't find much to enjoy here , though the dog 's high-octane action series serves as a perverse parody of Jerry Bruckheimer-style summer blockbusters .
Bolt has the magical quality of great animation , the ability to touch us without the hint of preachiness or manipulation .
The format brilliantly brings an audience that much closer to a handful of increasingly lonely , yet contagiously enthusiastic , animals .
Its script is smart , its conceit a heart-tugger in the finest of senses , and it 's the first Disney effort in way too long to be more concerned with being a movie than with being a breeding ground for product tie-ins .
Make a little room Lady , Tramp and all you Dalmatians , Disney 's got a new animated dog to bark about .
No future classic , but a pleasant little movie with a fiercely devoted little hero .
With its vibrant look , frisky attitude and sweet lesson about loyalty and friendship , Bolt is solid , fresh family-friendly entertainment .
The film breezes by in what feels like an instant , the emotional warmth exuded by the relationships within both genuine and true .
Cute , clever , and enjoyable .
Not much here for grownups to enjoy ... apart from watching the kids get a kick out of the film . -LRB- And the pigeons . -RRB-
A welcome departure from the deluge of films wherein the characters mirror the facial characteristics of the actors voicing them . Travolta 's no more a dog than a '60s housefrau . Wait . Scratch that .
Bolt 's double identity allows young viewers to imagine the fun of owning a cuter version of Krypto while it also affirms Charles M. Schulz 's assertion that happiness is a warm puppy ...
Bolt 's faith in his fiction is slightly pathetic , but it 's not unrelated to the ways that children -LRB- as well as pets -RRB- are regularly conditioned .
Other animated films that substitute brainless noise for sophistication could learn from ` Bolt ' what it means to be a picture that families will cherish for years to come .
In its best moments , it gently shows us how Bolt 's discoveries parallel those of a child in learning self-reliance .
Like ` Homeward Bound ' and ` Incredible Journey , ' it teaches tiny tots that - with friendship and love - you do n't need superpowers to be a hero .
A holiday standout .
If Bolt does not quite rise to the level of bona fide Pixar masterpieces like Wall-E , Finding Nemo and Ratatouille , it does manage to be frisky , funny and inventive enough to engage the attention of grown-ups as well as children .
To paraphrase a line often misattributed to Samuel Johnson , this Disney-aspires-to-Pixar combination is both original and good ; the problem is the original parts are n't good and the good parts are n't original .
As usual , the sidekick animals steal the show . That tradition goes all the way back to those singing mice in Cinderella . Maybe even before then .
Well-made , pleasant , diverting , unobjectionable -- and absolutely nothing special .
The Incredibles got a puppy , and its name is Bolt . If you loved the `` flat '' 3-D animated antics of the superhero Parr family , you 'll like the genuinely three-dimensional antics of a dog named Bolt .
If you can get past the wafer-thin premise that serves as the foundation for Bolt , you 'll find that it is a rather entertaining movie .
First-time directors Byron Howard and Chris Williams give it enough charm and good-natured humor to see us through the clichéd montages and predictable storyline .
A key part of the film 's success is that Penny , the object of Bolt 's devotion , really is a sweet kid who loves her furry co-star .
While Bolt does n't quite contain the same charm and slick storytelling that defines the Pixar films , it is still a mostly enjoyable film that should appeal to all ages .
90 minutes of empty-headed family entertainment of the type that you have seen a hundred times before and while it is better than many films of its ilk , it never quite comes into its own as a worthwhile experience in its own right .
The story is shamelessly derivative , but you wo n't mind much because it 's so gentle and warm-hearted .
I saw this in a theater full of squirmy , restless little kids but , when the film started to roll , everyone -LRB- even the parents -RRB- quieted down and gave the great story and brilliant CGI their full attention .
`` Bolt 's '' basic story is nothing too original , but its underpinnings and flourishes are smart and inventive .
Has the right amount of sincerity , schmaltz and silliness to make Bolt entertaining for everyone
This is the perfect movie for a dog lover and just proves once again that the animated kids flicks still have steam . Plus , I loved that HAMSTER !
Funny , charming , and a feast for the eyes . It is also quite probably the best animated film made by Disney in years .
Parental Content Review
boasts much of the humor , character development , story layering , and unmistakable heart Pixar has brought to the animation genre
The writing team of Dan Fogelman and co-director Williams have concocted one of the most witty and often hilarious Disney outings in years .
Bolt is a jolt of joy , a computer-animated delight that is delirious with laughs .
Funny and heartwarming , if not entirely original , Bolt is bound to charm audiences of all ages .
Charming and frequently exciting .
What I could n't predict was how much I would enjoy the simple pleasures of a warm , witty , well-written story -- especially when it is told with the state-of-the-art computer animation that is easy to take for granted in these techno-savvy days .
The digital comedy-adventure starts out pretty slow and never really finds its footing , especially in regards to its needed comic edge .
Bolt is earnest , wholesome , family entertainment . In a word , it 's Disney , which seems to have remembered that those attributes are really nothing to be ashamed of .
While this charmer about a canine James Bond does not pack the emotional punch of WALL-E , it 's frisky fun to see the white shepherd get a new leash on life .
No classic but not a dog in spite of being about one .
For the first time in years , it feels like Disney has done its namesake proud .
It 's a seriously withholding action comedy , stingy on the wit , charm , jokes , narrative satisfactions and animals with personalities sharp enough for the big screen .
Familiar territory , but the Disney team still knows how to bring a story to life .
A warm and even perceptive family film , not always original but undeniably sweet-natured .
A digital hamster takes on Pixar 's industry domination - and kicks butt .
Smart , sharp , original and very funny , Bolt could be the model for a certain kind of midrange , nonevent -LRB- i.e. , not WALL E -RRB- animated family film that would be more welcome right now than such bizarre junk as the recent Fly Me to the Moon .
The story is somewhat predictable , but it 's sweet and happy and the animation is first-rate .
There 's something touching about the yearning for ordinary life and decency that , to judge by its ubiquity in films for the nominally innocent , plagues those who live and work in the realms of the unreal .
Your pre-tweens and tweens will love Bolt , though ; the good news is that there 's an excellent chance you 'll like it , too .
Fun , four-legged scampering is n't enough when the characters are so unmemorable , the high concept is so wobbly and the journey does n't have you rooting for a reunion .
Mild amusement is about the best you can hope for , but Bolt never bores .
Bolt is a winner and proof that Disney Animation is really trying to catch up to Pixar in both story quality and animation .
It 's a great day in America when the complicated looks so easy , and when we expect smart storytelling as a rule , not the exception .
Pixar masterpieces aside , it 's been quite a while since Disney cranked out an animated movie worthy of its fairy-dust-sprinkled castle logo .
the film succeeds because it has genuine heart , a couple of mildly-thrilling action sequences , and most notably , a hilarious supporting performance by Mark Walton , who plays Rhino the hamster .
Bolt is perfectly amiable but rarely brisk , with neither its premise nor its execution quite inspired enough to elicit more than faint admiration .
The lack of screenwriting imagination is offset by the inherent charm of the picture , resulting in a pleasing arrangement of CG-animated action set-pieces and slapstick comedy to push Bolt beyond the repetitive family film norm .
Funny and engaging 3D adventures of a canine TV star lost in the real world . Disney marketing might ensures a major holiday family hit .
Disney 's movie taps into our desire to believe that the happy hound sleeping at the end of our beds is as brave , noble , loyal , and devoted as he seems .
-LSB- A -RSB- s sensitive and spirited as -LSB- it is -RSB- gorgeous to look at ...
-LSB- W -RSB- hen the canine protagonist of Bolt borrows a character arc from Buzz Lightyear , even youngsters will smell a rip-off .
Bolt certainly moves along at a lively clip that will satisfy both kids and adults , but the script -LRB- from Williams and Dan Fogelman -RRB- is a little too Hollywood-insider .
Disney 's strongest CG animated effort to date can be credited to the strength of a premise that mixes what 's worked so well in earlier Disney animated films with a better awareness of what makes a movie entertaining both for kids and adults .
It 's got a great ensemble cast . It 's not the most original idea but still effective nonetheless .
The film is funny -- with a sophistication that might actually appeal more to adults . But there 's still plenty for the kids to enjoy .
Best of all though is Curb Your Enthusiasm 's Susie Essman , touching and uncomfortably honest in her exchanges with Bolt and Greg Germann -LRB- Ally McBeal -RRB- , who is hysterically funny as Penny 's opportunistic and less than diplomatic agent .
The Disney animated blockbuster-to-be Bolt is a delightful family movie , and if I 'd seen it as a kid I would have been deeply traumatized .
Movie magic aplenty in animated action adventure from Disney .
An OK Disney animated entry enhanced by nifty 3-D projection .
Although it will never be mistaken for Pixar pedigree , this genial production is a notable step up for Walt Disney Animation Studios .


@highlight

Bolt is a pleasant animated comedy that overcomes the story 's familiarity with strong visuals and likable characters .