It feels like something much bigger than the film itself comes entirely together : four men on a stage , being musicians , being Indians , being Americans , playing rock 'n' roll .
The conventional but insightful musical history film is at best when the music plays , but falters when the talking heads take over .
Densely packed with information , this is a film that continually finds new things to say and new ways to say them .
This movie highlights surprisingly extensive native influences on American music and it fills in some gaps in music history .
Throughout the film , compelling arguments are made for how Western forms of music incorporated the rhythms and vocal stylings of traditional Native American music .
What makes this secret history even more powerful is the incredible sadness about it all .
This intriguing record soon hits flat notes ... when it 's not needle-skipping from one instrumental indigenous rocker or folk-singer to another .
Ssolid if conventional .
What `` Rumble '' lacks in comprehensiveness , is more than compensated by its level of fun and allure , as it fills you with a hefty dose of nostalgia .
opens our eyes to something we probably did n't know and helps us see something very familiar in an entirely new light
It 's all very convincing , if a bit repetitious . Still the musical excerpts - especially Wray 's - are great , and the history is something of an overdue revelation .
Rumble presents a wealth of information couched in a parade of long-celebrated rock 'n' roll songs that should keep any diehard music fan happy , and will probably send them digging through their collections soon after the final credits roll .
What we have here is less an exploration of personal artistry than an entry-level history lesson .
Less academically , it 's a blast of energy and a stirring musician showcase .
Wray and his signature song are the launching pad for Catherine Bainbridge and Alfonso Maiorana 's essential documentary Rumble : The Indians Who Rocked the World .
Remains respectful of its interview participants , but fails to build into something profound .
Rumble is an entertaining documentary about Native American contributions to the national soundtrack .
Rumble may repeat a lot of what you already know , especially if you own The Last Waltz or any film about music in the 1960s . Still , there is a welcome earnestness here , celebrating tunes you should probably listen to again , anyway .
Inevitably cursory , it 's nonetheless a fascinating introduction to the ways that core components of Americana would n't be eradicated . Or silenced .
`` Rumble '' asks us to be still for a moment and to listen to the heartbeat - at once familiar and newly strange - that pumps the lifeblood that flows through the songs this country is known for .
Every course on American music should necessarily include `` Rumble : The Indians Who Rocked The World . ''
... the power and spirit of these Indigenous musicians continues to play a vital role at the heart of this form of expression , and Rumble is laudable for calling attention to this oft overlooked aspect of our collective history .
Rumble packs a lot of material and great sounds in its 103 minutes .
Bainbridge ... has been blessed a little-known slice of history that is rich and varied , but lumps it into an unfortunately flat presentation that makes little to no effort to place its stories into anything but the most basic of introductory formats .
Indigenous people 's contributions to musical history -LSB- , -RSB- any way you slice it , is vast .
What is strikingly brought home in Rumble is how the vast stew of influences in American music , rather than diluting everything , makes the music all the more powerful .
In the end , the story is one not only of rock - and pop-culture history , but of human persistence and indigenous contributions that have been historically -LRB- and often intentionally -RRB- overlooked .
Rumble is truth you can rock to . Play it loud !
While overstuffed and scattershot , this episodic documentary makes a vital argument : That American popular music , especially the blues and rock 'n' roll , owe much more to Native Americans than has been commonly credited .
Stretching over a century of recordings , Bainbridge draws some striking connections between Indigenous history and evolving American culture .
It 's been a terrific few years for music documentaries , and that winning streak continues with `` Rumble : The Indians Who Rocked the World . ''
This is history that Americans should know , and Bainbridge and Maiorana approach their film as an introductory survey course , which undercuts Rumble 's aesthetic intensity . F
The stories that the movie tells after Wray 's are mostly well-done and frequently moving mini-movies .
Succeeds both as entertainment , musicology and American Indian history . It shows that no matter how hard white America tried to force Indians to be `` white '' , they maintained their traditions even expressing them as rock-and-roll .
A stirring documentary on the impressive contributions of Indians to popular music .
Rumble makes it abundantly clear that the time has come to rewrite the book on American music .
If `` Native Americans in pop music '' makes you think of the guy in the headdress in the Village People , then you need to see this .
The influence of Native Americans on nearly a century of popular music is eloquently demonstrated in this engaging documentary .
A few episodes are less satisfying than others , but only because they spotlight intriguing yet obscure figures that audiences likely would want to learn about in greater detail .
Irresistible for popular music lovers .

@highlight

RUMBLE shines a long overdue spotlight on key contributions to the American musical lexicon , satisfying rock scholars while offering a fascinating -- albeit sobering -- primer on the foundations of a genre .