This is the film that Divine deserves .
A fascinating larger-than-life portrait of its larger-than-life subject , I Am Divine is a beguiling blend of poignancy , humor and glorious excess .
It 's surprisingly moving stuff - dressed up with just enough archival outrage to remind you how scandalous Divine once seemed .
The interviewees and even his mother , with whom he was reconciled late in his life , all portray him as a generous and very sweet-natured man .
This is , for the most part , a celebration of Divine 's life unencumbered by guilt or oppression .
Schwarz interviews friends and fans , piecing together a picture of a gentle , perhaps surprisingly shy man who channelled his family 's rejection and his anger at society into his outrageous alter-ego .
Despite the sadness , we are reminded of what an influential figure Divine was , and how his very presence continues to bring comfort to others who identify as outsiders .
A joyous hurrah for a unique figure .
Schwarz offsets the camp with a sincere appreciation of both the obvious , larger-than-life personality and this performer 's oft-overlooked skills ...
Touching and funny . Waters fans should sign up now .
This is divine .
This documentary mostly looks back on its subject 's career as a notorious drag act , with consistently amusing input from the likes of John Waters , Tab Hunter and psychedelic theatre troupe The Cockettes .
I Am Divine riffs entertainingly through the career of the drag star who blazed in Pink Flamingoes and Hairspray .
I Am Divine may not be the blowsy riot you 'd expect given Divine 's salty screen persona but it tells his story with wit , insight and compassion , revealing a rather sweet and sensitive man underneath that sparkling shell .
High camp and low trash make an entertaining combo in an overdue homage to a fearless trailblazer .
With an appropriate explosion of humour and colour , this documentary traces the life of a fiercely individualistic actor , digging beneath the surface to explore both his origins and his legacy .
A loving biographical portrait that encompasses the legendary icon 's rise to infamy while touching on the emotional complexities of its subject .
Fans of Divine and of Waters ' work will be delighted , and anyone else who catches it will want to dive right in to the diva 's gigantic body of work .
Shwarz helps paint a picture of an extraordinary boy who lived so far outside what was considered `` normal , '' he had no choice but to blaze his own trail .
A solid overview of this truly unique person 's life .
The film 's heart is the chequered relationship Milstead had with his mother , whose shifting regard for her larger-than-life son takes centre stage .
I Am Divine does n't get under the skin of Milstead , but that may not be possible : he was layered in too many costumes , both physical and psychological , and his life became a performance .
A glimpse of a surprisingly shy and gentle soul who longed to be a star .
It 's hard to go wrong with a movie about famed drag queen Divine , and director Jeffrey Schwarz certainly does n't in `` I Am Divine , '' a serious documentary about this gloriously trashy trailblazer .
A wonderfully assembled film that depicts Harris Glenn Milstead as a performer , show business trouper and a dear friend to many . It 's a divine documentary .
In `` I Am Divine , '' bolstered by plentiful interviews with Waters and other collaborators , Schwarz effectively turns Milstead into the life of a party that did n't really end with his death in 1988 .
Filled with heady outrageousness at the same time it continuously skirts the apparent emptiness in the man wearing those crazy wigs .
It 's a warm , affecting tribute , taking us inside the blessed existence of the person John Waters calls the world 's greatest outsider .
Schwarz understands Divine , a heroine to outsiders , and Glenn , who took the persona as far as he could and was ready for new roles . His film 's celebratory pizazz suits them both .
A viewer could suffer whiplash just from how much -LSB- Divine -RSB- and pop culture changed in the course of 20 years .
The Pink Flamingos star Divine gets her own well-deserved spotlight .
An affectionate , even triumphant bio of Waters ' immortal leading `` lady . ''
Affectionate , informative and genuinely entertaining .
It shows what you can do with your anger at outsider status : Turn it inside-out , and then you 're the star .
Entertaining doc is sweeter than expected and will be an eye-opener for young fans .
Sincere but overly reverential .
Even if this overly respectful movie never goes quite deep enough , it does shows us the man behind the garish eye shadow , the lost boy under the Totie Fields wig .
A fine , touching tribute to John Waters ' larger-than-life drag diva ...
Divine expanded the concept of the drag queen from brash female impersonator into something much larger , more subversive and less gender specific .
-LRB- A -RRB- s a celebration of one of the most unique talents in the history of all mediums , this movie does -LRB- Divine -RRB- more than justice .
There have been other docs about John Waters and his coterie , and a lot of this may be familiar ground to some , but Schwartz 's comprehensive focus pays off and fresh information is imparted .
In Milstead 's brief 42 years there were separations and reunions , stumbles , success and , finally , a real American family , in movies oddly ahead of their time .
-LSB- Director Jeffrey -RSB- Schwartz has made a film that would impress Divine 's biggest fan : himself . It 's all about Divine , darling and do n't you forget it .
A striking tribute to the pioneering spirit , radical queerness and sheer divinity of Divine .
It 's gratifying to see Divine praised for being outrageous ...
Though it may boil down to your average procession-of-talking-heads template , it 's still enlivened by the raucous words from the band of outsiders who supported and launched Divine into the limelight .
This documentary reminds us of Divine 's audacious and unique impact on both film and American culture . It 's also a great way to celebrate the talented actor who gave us Divine .
Hard to beat for sheer enjoyment , as when Divine 's mother remembers : ` I used to always say , Glenn , do n't do anything to embarrass us ' -- a sound bite accompanied by footage of Divine being raped by a giant lobster in ` Multiple Maniacs . '
A heartfelt , loving homage to its subject , a larger-than-life personality who proved that the traditional roads to fame were n't the only options for a shy , gay Baltimore boy who wanted to be famous .
It made me fall in love with Divine all over again .
Although the story ends sadly -LRB- no one should die at age 42 -RRB- , the film itself is not sad , but is instead a celebration of a performer who made the most out of the talents he had .

@highlight

With warmth and affection , I Am Divine offers an engaging portrait of the complex personality behind a trailblazing cinematic figure .