Risky , genuine , and alive .
Complications pile up , confrontations are manufactured , and numerous Mexican baddies materialize as the runtime needlessly heads past the two-hour mark .
Swinton approaches Julia with an all-or-nothing attitude , creating an ungodly eccentric character and evoking an impressive array of audience emotions .
Tilda Swinton 's strong central performance saves an otherwise routine drug drama .
It 's simply impossible to imagine Eric Zonca 's Julia , a noirish thriller and sharp character study inspired by Cassavetes ' Gloria , without Tilda Swinton , who dominates the film from start to finish .
One should hope Tilda Swinton has a good dental plan - it will come in handy when the time comes to pry out the scenery she aggressively chomps .
In Erick Zonca 's tense and juicy noir , Tilda Swinton plays the title role with a crusty panache matched only by her matted , flaming-red thatch of hair -LRB- a character in its own right -RRB- .
If you 're feeling adventurous , seek it out . Swinton 's masterful performance as the flailing , desperate L.A. alcoholic Julia will more than reward your time .
Tilda Swinton is electrifying in this riveting , knock-your-socks-off crime thriller that is just about as intense as movies get .
Charles Bukowski would have loved this foul-mouthed , fiery , reckless woman . Against all odds and common sense , you will , too .
The plot is over-the-top , but Swinton makes you stay with the film long after the writer/director loses credibility .
I salute the film 's bravery for rushing off at full force on its own stream-of-consciousness logic , but for me , I found the final stages perhaps a tad too far-fetched .
I recommend going to see it , but do n't blame me when you feel like you 've downed a fifth of vodka afterwards .
In a sense , it goes to all the places a sensitive character study might have gone , but more dramatically , convincingly and vividly .
A nerve-wracking thriller with a twisty plot and startling realism .
Swinton is mesmerising as a messed-up drunk .
a tonally-consistent , lively thriller that is very much of the filmmaker 's own little corner of the world
This is not really sure what it wants to be , an out-an-out thriller or a character portrait , but it exels at both in parts .
Julia is a mix of fantasy and tragedy , with the violence amped up and the background noisy and lurid .
This is Zonca 's second feature . His first , The Dreamlife of Angels , was extraordinary . Rent that one instead .
Boasts an electrifying , brave performance by Tilda Swinton and has a thrilling initial half , but eventually becomes tedious and convoluted while lacking plausibility and insight into the titular character .
Zonca 's Julia is a difficult movie to stomach , but entirely worth the emotional unrest it puts through you .
We never get a good look at her demons , just the havoc they wreak .
Picture Fargo played with no sense of comedy , and you 'll get some idea of the absurdity of this drunken floozy , clicking and wobbling on high heels , often with bits of her anatomy hanging out , trying to pull off the perfect crime .
Like any beautiful , heartbreaking wreck -- we can never take our eyes off Julia . Or the fierce and uncompromising actress bringing her to awful , astonishing life .
A bungled thriller that starts out badly and never recovers .
Ms. Swinton does n't have Ms. Rowlands ' tenderness , but , damn , she has just about everything else you need or want .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Zonca 's merely feeding off Swinton 's manic performance , which starts out tough to watch , then becomes gripping .
-LSB- Tilda Swinton -RSB- is on screen for nearly every second of this two-and-a-quarter-hour-plus film and it 's a startling star turn indeed .
This overlong , lurchy homage to John Cassavetes ' 1980 film Gloria is a mess , but a fascinating one , given Swinton 's desperately avid performance in the title role .
Thrillingly far off the rails .
Rages so strongly and effectively against alcoholism that it might convert some in the audience to Mormonism .
Will be remembered for the unforgettable performance by Swinton that drives this inventive thriller .
Jeered upon its premiere at the 2008 Berlin Film Festival and only now receiving a token U.S. release , Julia demands to be reassessed and reckoned with .
A nightmare of alcoholic bad behavior grafted to a chilling thriller ... you have no idea , scene to scene , where Zonca 's desperately unstable tale will take you .
Zonca 's story is an unruly beast , lurching this way and that like a biker hopped up on mescaline and paint thinner , its unpredictable rowdiness in sync with its out-of-control protagonist .
Swinton masterfully pours much more than her heart into her drunken damsel in distress performance in this gin drenched drama . But the audience is unfortunately left to languish without a clue , as to how she ended up that way and who she may be when sober
Swinton 's character may be unsympathetic but the actress imbues her with a humanity that is engaging .
After a 10-year absence , French filmmaker Erick Zonca is back with a flawed but gripping English-language thriller powered by a superlative Tilda Swinton .
`` Julia '' is more than an homage to John Cassavetes ' 1980 maternal crime thriller `` Gloria ; '' it is a spectacularly flawed genre experiment that goes so wrong , and with such an intense fury , that you ca n't pull yourself away from it .
Julia is at once a marvel of screen acting , an unthinkably black comedy , and one of the few truly nail-biting suspense films to emerge this decade .
It 's the slow burn of Swinton 's idiosyncratic but engrossing interpretation of this unlikely heroine that holds the movie together and provides an end result that is both affecting and teasingly different .
Tilda Swinton gives a committed and courageously unsympathetic performance as the self-serving Julia , but this is a character with whom you would rather spend as little time as possible - and certainly not the endurance-testing running time .
Zonca has put together an ambitious and forthright story , but Swinton 's contribution looks more like an actressy impersonation than a performance , and indeed Zonca 's film itself looks like a European facsimile of Americana .
Weighing in at 140 minutes , it 's a long , often difficult watch , but made compelling by Swinton 's tour-de-force and some solid support , particularly Saul Rubinek as her sympathetic ex-boyfriend .
If the script had been half as powerful as Swinton , this could have been special .
Unfortunately the Cassevetes-style film needed Cassavetes to make it . Zonca , essaying a pell-mell verismo , produces something resembling Gloria mugged by A Woman Under the Influence .
Swinton 's Julia is one of those performances that goes so far in repelling audience sympathy that it comes out the other side looking almost admirable .
Plot twists and supporting characters all play second fiddle to her portrayal of a woman who 's as fascinating as she is morally bankrupt .
Julia , by and large , is a tale of desperate opportunists , fugitive souls who survive by living on their wits , taking risks and making it up as they go along . It sometimes feels that a similar person is behind the camera as well as in front of it .
Gripping , tense and often wildly unpredictable thriller , superbly directed by Erick Zonca and featuring a ferocious central performance from Tilda Swinton .
It is no easier to warm to Zonca 's film than to its central character - but it is impossible to take your eyes off either . Amoral , at times brutal , and full of surprises ...
It 's largely Tilda Swinton 's presence that saves Julia from itself .
The film has the focused derangement of a suicide bomber ... but I for one am elated to see such brazenness , such mystery , and such crazy , highwire ambition back in the movie theater .
A startling misfire .



@highlight

Tilda Swinton delivers a powerful performance in Julia , a tense thriller and a dark character study .