Mature , uneven prostitution dramedy loses its way .
Offers a steady supply of clever lines but suffers from the patina of self-loathing common to industry lifers and the unfortunate miscasting of straight-arrow Broderick as a depressed , cynical hack .
A very darkly humorous film .
Offers up some zinger lines in the trenches of Sin City but fails to live up to its ingenious concept .
Matthew Broderick regains his cinematic stride as a morosely wise-cracking television producer on the skids , ably abetted by Maura Tierney as his much-put-upon wife and Brittany Snow as his perky prostitute niece .
Hopelessly uneven yet admittedly entertaining ...
This unromantic comedy is something less than a sure bet . For some reason , you get the impression that it does n't live up to the promise of its premise .
This vulgar film , replete with vile language and graphic descriptions of sex acts , degrades our culture . Even George Carlin might find it offensive .
Broderick 's sunny spin on the deeply flawed Taylor is interesting but eventually defies belief . In the third act , Finding Amanda loses steam altogether .
Though Finding Amanda 's story reaches a reasonably satisfying conclusion , the empty characters at its center make the whole thing feel like a waste .
Does n't have a nuance in it , but it 's pretty consistently amusing in its latter-day Woody Allen way . For most of the way , its morals are happily , believably wrong , but all bad things must come to an end .
Finding Amanda has some of the good and a lot of the bad aspects of a first film written and directed by the same person .
Much of Finding Amanda does n't stand up to close scrutiny , but at its best the still-boyish Broderick suggests his most famous character , Ferris Bueller , going through a midlife crisis .
Tolan writes regularly for smart shows like Rescue Me , but his best instincts deserted him when he set his sights on the big screen for the first time .
Written with more bite , the premise might hold up , but as executed here by Tolan , it is a soft-hearted , haphazard mess .
Writer-director Peter Tolan has glibness down pat , but ca n't quite wring the intended pathos from his characters ' desperate lives . He does , however , give Broderick his best part since Election .
Too much of Peter Tolan 's movie takes up Taylor 's self-absorption as if it 's actually interesting .
Set mostly in Las Vegas , Finding Amanda offers a vision of confused Americans losing their already shaky bearings in the world 's gaudiest honky-tonk .
This cloying comedy is barely enlivened by its talented stars who both deserve much better .
Amanda can never find a tone . It opens with a scene-reading -LRB- Taylor is a writer on a hacky TV show -RRB- that produces yawns , where our lead character is the only one that laughs . It 's prophetic .
A peculiar film , which is really two films fighting to occupy the same space .
The familiar premise here has sharp fangs , unsparing wit and a knockout performance by Brittany Snow as the round-heeled 20-year-old .
`` Finding Amanda '' is little more than what `` Hardcore '' might have been like if it had been rewritten by the author of a dirty joke book -- an idea that , come to think of it , is actually more amusing than anything on display here .
It can be done -- there are rich , sordid black comedies out there -- but Tolan does n't quite pull it off .
An uncle watching his niece pick up a john should sting , not feel like we 're meant to snicker at the uncomfortable look on Broderick 's face .
It 's amusing but facile , reasonably clever but hopelessly glib .
Finding Amanda , the alternate title of which might well have been `` I Oughta Be in Rehab , '' is an uneasy chronicle of addiction and denial wrapped in the rhythms of Neil Simon .
The interplay between Broderick and Snow ultimately make Finding Amanda more enjoyable than it should be .
Amanda is a generously funny , sharp-edged comedy with unusual promise , and to watch it grow a conscience when clearly the film needed more generous helpings of acid is one of the year 's great mysteries .
The film 's tone shifts jarringly from superficial broad comedy to something far darker . And the hooker-with-a-heart-of-gold scenario is as old as the profession itself .
Finding Amanda has its wispy charms , including a funny scene when the ecstasy Taylor pops begins to kick in , and later when he encounters a pimp with showbiz aspirations .
By keeping the tone light and the players human -LRB- Steve Coogan has a nice turn as a greasy casino host -RRB- , and never , ever romanticizing the addict , Finding Amanda comes by its heartbreak honestly .
A fun look at Vegas that imbues the seediness of the setting with a sense of innocence and warmth that might take some by surprise .
A clumsy mash of Leaving Las Vegas and Hardcore .
A breakthrough for Brittany Snow who shows she can do much more than horrible remakes and teen comedies ...
False , forced , familiar and often vulgar , especially in its language and depiction of certain characters .
Whether talking about being hooked on pot or just plain hooking , the movie despite , well , its potpourri of addictions , sticks to surfaces . Not to mention that a darker tone for this rehab redemption fare , might have been just the cure .
Spot-on casting of Brittany Snow in the title role makes the fun movie with a serious turn both entertaining and credible .
... they should 've renamed this one Finding the Right Tone .





@highlight

Despite a charming turn by Matthew Broderick , Finding Amanda is too flimsily executed to succeed as a dark comedy .