The film gets as close to Hicks the man as we can hope for , and he emerges as an even more courageous , visionary figure as a result .
It is a bit of a revelation to realize that Hicks , who would develop into one of the angriest and edgiest standup comedians of his time , was once such a clean-cut and straight young man .
The greatest strength of this film is that the directors did not overly glorify Hicks .
Directors Matt Harlock and Paul Thomas work wonders with the old photos , animating and enhancing them to simulate Hicks ' excellent adventure .
American plays less like a primer than a devotional , a dangerous thing for a satirist committed to `` evolving ideas . ''
It 's greatness as a documentary is debatable , but as a eulogy , it 's damn near unparalleled .
If you have any sort of interest in stand-up comedy , this is as fine a documentary as you will see on the subject .
Hicks deserves a truly great documentary , but for now this one will do .
Does n't impart much in the way of hard facts about Hicks , preferring an affectionate route of celebration , blindly fawning over this mystery man in a way that would likely make Hicks himself retch .
Rather than simply panning around within still photos , -LSB- the filmmakers -RSB- have taken images apart by computer and composited them , even moving bits around . ... It 's a weird way to recreate missing events , but it 's not as dishonest as it sounds .
Documentary American is stylishly told , but engaging chiefly because comedic wunderkind Bill Hicks is a bundle of contradictions .
Gracefully walking the line between fan-friendly greatest hits package and newcomer-friendly biopic ...
One of the marvels of this documentary , and Bill 's life , really , is that it packs so much in such a small window of life .
They bring Hicks back to life , his rants still sounding fresh and brilliant . Scorched ears never felt so good .
A very entertaining examination of Hicks ' life and legacy .
American : The Bill Hicks Story is not the last word on this enduring figure in comedy , but it 's certainly the most personal .
Ultimately , the doc comes off as yet another reminder that , in showbiz and elsewhere , one of the greatest tragedies in life is unfulfilled promise .
A portrait of the short-lived artist that will move fans while letting the uninitiated witness enough onstage highlights to leave them wanting more .
In the stand-up world , to be a cerebral comic in America is to invite anonymity . In his short life , Bill Hicks extended that invitation and , more or less , it was accepted .
Hicks had a great voice -- lucid , perceptive and outraged -- and it 's great to hear it again .
Posthumous albums and now this film are securing his legacy and enduring influence .
The movie 's appeal extends to the manner of its construction ; it 's an almost hypnotic kind of hybrid animation in which hundreds of photographs of Hicks in various poses and at various stages in his life are grafted onto two-dimensional backgrounds .
`` American '' is a solid introduction to a man who mastered the art of telling painful truths with a twinkle in the eye . It 'll make you laugh , mourn and , above all , think .
If you want to experience Bill Hicks ' best cutting edge , controversial comedy and then decide for yourself if the praise he did receive was warranted , this documentary achieves none of that .
A bit of hagiography which , with luck , will bring Hicks to the attention of a wider audience . . Recalls a lost artist . . A little Bill Hicks is better than none .
A magical , tragical mystery tour through late comic legend innovator 's standup rebel humor , and his politics of comedy that took on Iraq , Waco , the religious right , advertising and capitalism .
Recounts a bright-burning life while leaving us mostly in the dark .
It 's heavy on facts , but short on insight -- a surface-level look at a performer of extraordinary depth .
American is n't a necessary film , in that it wo n't really change anyone 's opinion about Hicks nor does it bring a new interpretation to his life , but it 's a well-made and entertaining movie that gives the man his due .
Like Man In The Moon , American applies a thick gloss of reverence and sentimentality to the story of a comic pioneer who made his living challenging the kinds of neat , convenient , slickly packaged narratives presented here .
Hagiographic documentary of the late standup comic , with great visual style but gaping narrative and thematic holes due to the filmmakers ' remarkable decision to only interview Hicks ' loving family and friends .
a well-produced , visually buoyant ode made by two fans and ready-made for Hicks ' pre-existing fan base
Hicks 's shtick is so good and his life so ordinary that it 's hard to escape the feeling that we might 've been better off just watching a compilation of the groundbreaking funnyman 's work .
The vitriolic comedian 's career gets a photo-animated documentary treatment which drowns out his voice with a chorus of friends and family .
Hicks was like the stand-up comedian version of a five-tool baseball player . He could do it all .
The life and career of Bill Hicks , controversial stand up comic who died of cancer at age 32 , is chronicled in this entertaining and moving tribute film , rich with archival footage of Hicks ' performances .
-LSB- VIDEO -RSB- ... checks all the boxes for an entertaining and insightful documentary-bio .
Like many documentaries of this genre , it was made by fans , for fans . Even casual observers , though , can see that Hicks was talented , a conflicted young man who deserved more success than he ever got .
The best way to really understand who Bills Hicks was is still to listen to his albums . The second best way is to see this film .
It is more a celebration than a lament , and the emotions it evokes are as potent as the force behind Hicks ' most inspired comedy .
American : The Bill Hicks Story is the kind of film that every artist hopes will be made of their life 's work some day .
Matt Harlock and Paul Thomas ' doc is a triumph of style and content . It looks extraordinary .
The film is an honest celebration of an inventive and daring comedian , whose influence was profound .
Piecing together a remarkable story from first-hand accounts , still photos and grainy video footage , filmmakers Harlock and Thomas assemble a gripping narrative documentary about a modern-day prophet .
An intimate tribute that pays as much attention to Bill the man as it does to Bill the stand-up .
This is a perceptive biographical documentary that includes a wealth of previously unseen footage and the affectionate personal testimonies of friends and family members who knew him best .
A valuable and entertaining primary resource for fans and casual viewers alike , one that reminds us how brilliant , profound and ahead of his time he was .
Harlock and Thomas have done their subject justice ; you can understand , if not necessarily applaud , Hicks 's pre-eminence among stand-up comics .
Packed with interviews with his family and friends , some fine animation and plenty of highlights from his shows , it 's an illuminating and often moving affair although not quite as funny as it should be .
A little too in love with its subject , but a treat for fans .
Tells the story of comedian Bill Hicks ' tragically short life through the eyes of those who lived it with him .
While many biographical documentaries reduce their subjects to museum pieces , American presents the erstwhile Goat Boy as a force of nature , as vital and essential as he ever was .
Even those who shrug at his combative style of humour wo n't be able to deny that this is a model of detailed and distanced biographical filmmaking .
Scenes of cut-out animation are the novel visual approach -- South Park gone non-fiction -- while the vocal panache is supplied by Hicks , blithely shooting down anything that sports or supports the Stars and Stripes and dares to brag about it .
Details about his personal life and what drove him professionally are lacking -- maybe the result of the film requiring the co-operation of Hicks 's family .
Using archival footage and photos under a running commentary from most key players in the comedian 's life , American : The Bill Hicks Story brings the funny man back to life for 107 wonderful minutes .
Impressively directed and impeccably researched , this is an extremely entertaining documentary that 's a must-see for Hicks fans and a great introduction for the uninitiated , although there are a couple of frustrating omissions .
See this movie . Force people you know to see it with you . Drag them kicking and screaming .

@highlight

A treasure trove of archival material and interviews , American : The Bill Hicks Story is an exuberant celebration about a unique , sorely missed voice in comedy .