The Three Stooges is like being nyuck-ed to death .
The brutish schtick got old a long time ago .
When the movie works , it can derive some raucous laughter ...
It 's innocent and silly and brainless and funny . This is not a dumb comedy done smartly ; this is a dumb comedy done dumbly .
Short , silly and charmingly harmless , it 's likely only the Stooges aficionados will find a whole lot to love .
Stooges will resonate strongly or not at all , depending on the viewer . But a Jersey Shore experience is about where the film falls short of honorable intentions .
The Farrelly brothers return to the vacuously silly style of Dumb and Dumber for this gently idiotic comedy
It 's absurd , it 's mindless , it 's infantine but it 's also bizarrely charming .
Resembles a scenario knocked up one afternoon for the Marx brothers and rejected the following day .
The architects behind There 's Something About Mary and Kingpin make merry with the poking and thumping , but are ultimately far too fond of their comic heroes to make them or us truly squirm .
About as funny as a poke in the eye .
Slapstick , slapstick and even more slapstick . Think of it as a Junior Jackass .
This could have been a truly awful summation of the work of such minor legends but it works surprisingly well .
We need to be fixing global warming . And yet people who are probably pretty smart and consider themselves creative thinkers are spending their time on this .
For filmmakers who are good at finding pathos in the most unlikely places , this film is more like a return to the vacuous idiocy of Dumb and Dumber
They 're just as hopelessly violent , bad-tempered and stupid at the end as they were at the beginning . These days , that 's refreshingly anarchic .
A film that is most definitely an acquired taste .
It shows that what made the Stooges work all those years ago , though hardly in vogue , still works today .
The quicker it 's forgotten , the better .
Quaint but exuberantly crafted .
Chase scenes and physical comedy exchanges allow the action to romp along at a fair lick .
Better suited to a short-film than a feature length adventure -LRB- itself split into three separate episodes -RRB- , the characters annoy far more than they ever manage to amuse .
The Three Stooges is far more enjoyable than it perhaps ought to be .
If you do n't like it , you can go ` nyuck ' yourself .
Surprisingly , sensibly restrained and rather touching . In relative terms , of course .
An extremely faithful reboot that delivers some huge laughs , thanks to a witty script , pacy direction , some inspired comic set-pieces and a trio of terrific performances from Sean Hayes , Chris Diamantopoulos and Will Sasso .
Far from paying respectful homage to the memory of the original Stooges and potentially encouraging a new generation of viewers to revisit them , this lame comedy may leave them wondering what the fuss was all about in the first place .
` The Three Stooges ' is exactly the film it wants to be . Was it worth ten years of anyone 's life ? Probably not . Is it worth 88 minutes of yours ? Absolutely .
The mooted Stooges - Sean Penn , Jim Carrey , Benicio del Toro - dodged a bullet judging by this muddle of creaky slapstick and laugh-free plotting .
There are only so many three-way nose-tweaks you can take , and the Farrellys ' idea of splitting the film into three nominal episodes does n't really solve the problem .
Ultimately , `` The Three Stooges : The Movie '' is n't funny enough for a comedy , which is too bad , because the three stars really worked hard to nail their characters .
Perfectly-pitched performances by the three new Stooges ... and a sweetly sentimental line in brotherly love ensures that a paper-thin plot is of no consequence at all when it comes to the laugh-to-running-time ratio .
Three Stooges is a very stupid film . Then again , if you bought a ticket expecting anything different , then really , the only idiot is you .
The physical comedy set pieces are performed with an impressive level of planning , timing and choreography
Anyone who has ever enjoyed so much as a guilty giggle from watching the cartoonish antics of The Three Stooges as they eye-poke , head-slap and gut-punch each other will get a major kick from this loving reboot ... Good , clean , stupid fun .
Without actually saying it , and certainly without needing to , the Farrellys present the Three Stooges as grown men with severe intellectual disorders , blissfully ignorant of their impairments .
Those with a penchant for consequence-free violence and olde-timey hijinks should be mighty amused . Basically , it 's for dads and dads-at-heart .
Every 8 - 10 year old , and adults with 8 - 10 year old funny bones , will guffaw and giggle at the dim wits with big hearts whose originators are part of showbiz royalty . The iconic threesome are resurrected in look and sound-alikes
For fans , the Farrelly bros. take fits the bill . By all means go see it and take an immature friend or a kid at heart .
Not too heavy on the nyuks but a bit light on sustained yuks . As with the originals-devoid of character depth , social satire , or other subtext-there 's not enough slap behind the schtick . Heartfelt humour-homage that ends up more like korny komic karaoke .
Excellent casting . Poor writing . Poor execution . That 's the unfortunate truth about `` The Three Stooges . ''
A subplot that lands Moe on ` Jersey Shore ' will date faster than the Tojo references in ` The Yoke 's on Me ' -LRB- 1944 -RRB- , and the use of Talking Heads and Allman Brothers music to score several bits of Stoogery is distracting and inexplicable .
I was hoping for one good joke , one gut-busting bit of slapstick - any sign that there 's some small amount of brainpower backing up the silliness . But there was nothing .
This film feels like a quality straight to DVD flick . ` The Three Stooges ' is not as painful as I thought it would be .
... fitfully amusing , the Farrellys on their best behavior ... We certainly ca n't quibble with the casting . These guys are so close to the originals I thought I was watching the Stooges digitally resurrected .
When it comes to the Three Stooges , some kids never grow up .
A jubilantly juvenile celebration of the act 's slapstick legacy that grafts vintage `` Stooge-isms '' onto modern jokes about iPhones , Twitter and reality TV .
The cast members emulate the famous 1930s-era comedians perfectly , catching their rhythms , tones , and mannerisms with amazing accuracy .
The terrifically timed , well-executed silliness is embraced without irony or any greater sense of purpose . It delivers what it promises : scene after scene of low comedy done with relish .
The movie is so infantile that it achieves a special kind of purity and gentleness .
Turns out to be far more effective than anyone could have ever anticipated , and that 's mainly because there are no big names slapping each other silly .
I may not love the Three Stooges , but someone I love does .
A spot-on love letter to -LRB- and recreation of -RRB- comedy 's greatest trio ; Larry David as a buzzkilling nun is but the first of many strokes of genius .
The Farrelly brothers re-create the Stooges ' choreographed mayhem and anarchic spirit with exacting fidelity .
Frantic and foolishly funny
Chris Diamantopoulos leads the cast as an amazing Moe ; not only does he capture that cartoonish '30s body language , but he makes his face look like a fist .
I walked into the theater with a feeling of dread and walked out with a smile on my face . The three guys won me over .
A Laugh A Minute
So lighthearted and good-natured it 's almost impossible to resist completely . A couple of the sequences come close to hilarity , but if the last reel would have taken the slapstick to dizzying idiotic heights , it would be a solid movie all around .
Seeing a movie in which three other actors play the Stooges is akin to watching an Elvis impersonator . Sure , it looks like a duck and it quacks like a duck , but it most certainly is not a duck .
The metafriction between these classic dupes and today 's idiots chafes uneasily .
A miscalculation of near epic proportions ...
If you are a Stooge purist who is offended by the very idea of a contemporary `` revival '' of the act , the movie wo n't change your mind .
The leads acquit themselves in the physical comedy , resurrecting shtick honed on a thousand-and-one vaudeville stages , and recreated in as many playgrounds .
Despite what one may think of The Three Stooges and their comedic style , it is tough stuff -- pratfalls , slapping , poking eyes , etc. . It 's all in the timing , and to make it look real and seamless takes a lot of practice .
If I had to choose one of the trio for most outstanding Stooge portrayal , it would be Diamantopoulos . His physical transformation to Moe is uncanny , but it is his demeanor that is truly amazing .
Neither as laugh-out-loud funny as many had hoped for , nor as excruciatingly dreadful as most feared it would be .
The Farrelly brothers manage a fine imitation of The Three Stooges , but the movie never quite comes together
I hope this is the start of a franchise , but not of feature-length sequels . Just three-minute-long shorts that play as prologues to real comedies .
For all of the tremendous effort put into transposing The Three Stooges ' brand of physical comedy into a feature film , an unpolished script hampers the result . First-act laughs succumb to third-act disappointment .
If you 're a Stooges fan , go see the movie . If you like crude , silly slapstick , go see the movie . If you have a stick up your ass , go see Titanic .
Sometimes , it 's smart to do dumb . Unlike about half the Farrelly brothers flicks , The Three Stooges is actually funny .
Can anyone who is n't a Stooge fan possibly enjoy The Three Stooges ? More to the point , can anyone who IS a Stooge fan -LRB- like me -RRB- possibly find merit in this Farrelly misfire ?
-LSB- A -RSB- well-meaning but hopeless homage to Moe , Larry and Curly that even longtime Stooges fans wo n't find very funny .
The Three Stooges is better than you 'd expect , although I doubt it will wind up converting any Three Stooges non-enthusiasts .
An imitation Three Stooges flick can not possibly get any funnier than ` The Three Stooges : The Movie . ' I laughed , and laughed ... to my surprise .
In the hands of the Farrellys , the Stooges are , unsurprisingly , made into totems of the duo 's favored themes and values : separation anxiety , and the special qualities of home and family , however dysfunctional .
It 's a misdirected misfire of missed opportunities . Now , I 'm going to wash the taste of this film out of my mouth by watching some classic Three Stooges episodes .
-LRB- ` The Three Stooges '' -RRB- is a memory piece for ... adults who yearn for those days when they rushed home from school , turned on the television and heard the strains of `` Three Blind Mice '' that was the invitation to 15 minutes of disorderly chaos . ...
Any reasonable objections to the Farrellys ' Three Stooges will not be on the grounds that it desecrates a revered comedy franchise , but on the grounds that it 's not very funny .
None of this would be possible without the inspired and fully-committed performances of Sean Hayes as Larry , Will Sasso as Curly , and Chris Diamantopoulos as Moe ... They never break character or wink at the audience ...
A misbegotten attempt to revive the anarchic slapstick antics of the trio who scandalized generations of parents and update it for 21st-century audiences .
An excuse for slapstick and hokey puns that were musty 60 years ago . Such antics are tolerable in tiny doses , but the movie 's slight 92-minute running time is really pushing things .
All three leads are adequate , but the simple act of attempting to re-create the madcap aura of the original Stooges ' brotherly sadomasochism is doomed from the get-go .
The problem with the film is less in the execution that in the concept , for the same reason that the original Stooges shorts were more amusing than their features .
Sure , it 's derivative , and sentimental . But it still made me laugh more than once .
If this is a tribute , it 's a crass and clumsy one .
This is slapstick with the emphasis on the slap .
Trust me , you 'd rather be poked in the eyes , slapped or pounded on the head repeatedly rather than sit through this travesty . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
It is so relentlessly , gleefully and willfully dumb that , even if you are so broken an individual that you refuse to laugh , you will at least watch it in reverence and awe .
I 'd recommend The Three Stooges to anyone 10 and under . Everyone else should probably just go back and watch the original Three Stooges on TV reruns .
For the Farrellys , The Three Stooges is a labor of love . For non-believers , it 's merely a labor .
It 's about as good a THREE STOOGES movie as we 're likely to get - but that 's not very good at all .
Tthis is a strange combination of homage and hack-job that never rises above its otherwise obvious intentions
Up is down . Black is white . I just laughed nonstop through a hundred-minute-long Three Stooges impersonation .
Although I am still bewildered by it , enjoying this movie has inspired me to revisit the original material . It 's making me chuckle just as much . Could it be that I had to mature a little in order to enjoy such juvenile pleasures ? Man , am I confused .
Ultimately , you are n't watching THE Three Stooges . You are watching three guys do an impression of THE Three Stooges . It 's like Nickelback doing a cover of a Beatles song .
Even by Stooges standards , it 's overly juvenile and totally dumb .
You would think that after a quarter-century in development at four different studios , somebody would have figured out how to make a funny movie about the Three Stooges .
-LSB- A -RSB- half-baked -- and yes , pointless -- homage .
The Three Stooges weighs in at about 15 howlers over 90 minutes . Not bad , about the same ratio of hilarity to hokey as the Stooges ' old shorts .
The Three Stooges is moronic , stupid , idiotic entertainment for knuckleheads .
It is doubly sad . It not only fails to bring the Stooges back to life , it similarly fails to do the same thing for the Farrellys ' career .
The movie provides its own answer as to why the original Stooges ' earlier projects were confined to two-reelers and shorts . Sometimes Moe is less .
Full of the classic timing and slapstick humor that have made the Stooges fan favorites for almost a century , `` The Three Stooges '' could have been a horrible disappointment .
The movie is the embodiment of mediocre comedy , which might be exactly what the Stooges deserve or would ever want .
Anyone who pans this film needs the stick taken out of their butt . Nyuk Nyuk .
It 's an enchantingly well-done tribute that revives , and even refreshes , our affection for the Stooges , yet at its core it lacks the completely and totally unhinged shock of the new .
There is an appealing nyuk , nyuk nostalgic spirit to `` The Three Stooges . ''
All things considered , a few sawed-off ladder steps better than the alternative of sheer , brain-numbing misery .
The guys anchoring the latest iteration of The Three Stooges make every bark and eye-poke look like second nature .
Pop culture references intermingle with the loopy trio 's iconic foolishness , and the result is a movie with some big laughs , plenty of heart and terrible coifs .
In the end , `` The Three Stooges '' is neither as good as some might have secretly hoped it might be nor as excruciatingly awful as most may have feared that it would be .
... this throwback is maybe the purest way for the Farrellys to reconnect with what it was that made them get into comedy in the first place .
A misguided homage that mistakes clutter for comedy .
Is this funny ? Soitenly not !
Get ready for something more shocking than a poke in the eye : The Three Stooges is genuinely funny , a no-holds-barred , smart-stupid comedy that -LRB- at the screening I attended , anyway -RRB- will win over Stooge-philes and non-believers alike .
The Stooges themselves often had trouble sustaining their breezy brutality for 90 minutes , leaving the Farrellys out of ideas early on , resorting to fart jokes to nab laughs .
It pleases me to report that the movie is far from a disaster - on a dozen or so occasions , it 's even funny .
The second and third installments do n't hold up because the Farrellys do n't always adhere to Stooges ' classicism when ` modernizing ' them ... there is simply no place for pee and fart jokes in the Stooges ' lexicon .
It offers a smorgasbord of pratfalls , mock injuries , humiliations and general physical nonsense .
The Three Stooges is not particularly great , though it is possibly brilliant , a picture that goes beyond homage to become its own rambunctious invention - it 's one big eye-poke , with footnotes .
There is hardly a smidgeon of comic invention here .
The problem is that you feel the Farrellys ' attention to detail may have gotten in the way of the larger mission - to create a workable movie around the central performances .
Actually feels like something the original Stooges might have made themselves , if they were alive and in their prime circa 2012 .
A little of it goes a long way . There 's a reason the Stooges always made short films .
Peter and Bobby Farrelly 's thoroughly enjoyable paean to Moe , Larry and Curly and the art of the eye poke .
It 's a concept that should n't work at all . But - who ` da thunk it ? - it 's better than a hammer to the head .
I spent a lot of `` The Three Stooges '' staring , not laughing . For me this was a stare-out-loud affair .
The purpose of the entire enterprise seems to demonstrate the superiority of slapstick sadism from 75 years ago to the wan attempts at PG-rated roughhouse today .
-LSB- A -RSB- funny , good-hearted resuscitation of Hollywood 's beloved lowbrow lunkheads .
The movie is content to simply mimic the old Stooges , bringing nothing new to the table .
Leave it to a sibling comedy duo to recognize the potential for brotherly love amid the Three Stooges ' slap-happy antics , adding a welcome heartwarming dynamic to the gang 's signature eye-poking , head-knocking routine .
Proudly , gleefully stupid , The Three Stooges may not be witty or subtle , but it 's pretty darn funny .
A little nyuk-nyuk-nyuk goes a long way in `` The Three Stooges , '' Peter and Bobby Farrelly 's feature-length homage to the classic slapstick comedy trio .
... while a good part of the picture reached my submerged Stooges person and made him laugh , too much of it just did n't connect at all .
One of the Farrellys ' better films and a movie in which excess -- the hallmark of everyone involved -- is decidedly a virtue .
Do n't be a numbskull and write off Peter and Bobby Farrelly 's remake of The Three Stooges before seeing it . This is a more than reasonable facsimile of the comedy act that launched 1,000 emergency room visits .
They 're mere imitations . There 's nothing beneath the surface similarities and programmed franticness .
Silly , harmless laughs -- unless you 're some kinda wise guy , ay ?
The Farrellys cleaned up their act for a kiddie audience . They even appear on camera for a `` do n't do this at home '' disclaimer at the end , because , as ever , the Stooges are for kids .
The Three Stooges is n't very funny , but it is , like last year 's far superior The Muppets , a sincere act of fandom on an epic scale .
I did n't laugh much .
Neither honors the Stooges ' legacy nor provides any justification for bringing them into the present day .

@highlight

While nowhere near as painful as it could have been , The Three Stooges fails to add fresh laughs to the Stooges ' inestimable cinematic legacy .