This is imitation Polanski , and not a good imitation at that .
A gripping drama , Detachment offers a gut-wrenching look at the school system , as told by the unsung heroes -- the teachers .
A bizarre , well intentioned mess , at the very least , Detachment is never dull ... even as the film is bad , it 's compulsively watchable .
It 's a film so well paced with a message so relevant that it deserves an audience bigger than what it got and it deserves more of an emotional impact than will resonant throughout .
While Adrien Brody gives it his all in his performance , the film suffers greatly from an attempt to equalize its multiple plotlines .
Even a talented director like Tony Kaye -LRB- American History X -RRB- and a great performance from Brody ca n't save a mess like this .
Detachment is the sort of film-of-the-week that ought to appeal to anyone who loves movies in the purest sense .
Detachment has such original energy and is so infused with righteous anger that it proves hard to dismiss .
The acting is excellent but the movie is the sort of thing that gives pessimism a bad name .
Despite its title and central theme , Tony Kaye 's complicated lament for values abandoned and children betrayed leaves little room for indifference .
Admittedly , the film is heavy-handed in places , but it still makes you sit up and take notice .
Grappling with the dilapidation of America 's school system is fair enough , but the movie is painfully undone by its pretentious poetry of despair .
If Detachment is only partially successful , it is still more watchable than most school sagas .
It is pretentious and overbearing at times but passionate .
It is a touch more subtle than X , carrying off the tough trick of being both amusing and depressing .
It 's watchable enough , but the bludgeoning screenplay seems undercooked compared to the high-grade actors on show .
Like the recent Margaret it rages against the dying of the light in a country where too many people think the lights are still on .
It 's a vaguely elegant brute of a film , but a long way from Kaye 's best .
Stylishly directed and sharply written , this is an engaging , if ultimately depressing drama with strong performances from a superb ensemble cast .
Tony Kaye 's penchant for piercing filmmaking has n't gone anywhere .
Incredible performances from the cast , but Detachment is perhaps just too pretentiously depressing for its own good .
It 's directed and acted with enough sensitivity to stir our sympathies .
It 's impossible to take his didactic diatribe as seriously as it takes itself .
Tony Kaye 's excellent drama features a killer performance by Adrien Brody .
Teeters into self-parody , a self-important , humourless exposé of modern education that eventually becomes exhausting to watch .
A loud , grating wallow in dime-store despair .
... an affecting and frequently engrossing drama ...
Detachment is a fantastic mish-mash about contemporary isolation as viewed in a large , impersonal public school .
The film is guilty of reverse sentimentality , where the relentless unhappiness comes to seem as manufactured and artificial as the schmaltz in a romcom .
Detachment gets an A for enthusiasm but a C for execution .
Soulful , surrealistic , making an angst-driven declaration about contemporary desolation .
Tony Kaye 's Detachment is the latest installment of angst and chalk figures . Detachment basically is inauthentic and pretentious . Like most education , it blows its opportunity .
Uneven but intermittently powerful ... might itself have benefited from a bit of detachment and restraint .
Brody expertly depicts someone broken and compassionate , disillusioned and giving .
Detachment is a powerful , incisive and emotionally stirring film that provides keen insight into an over-saturated topic .
There 's something weirdly effective about the artistic desperation , which includes inserts of chalkboard animation and to-the-camera testimonials .
Everywhere you turn in Detachment , someone is trying to make you feel like hell .
An emotionally powerful , enlightening drama .
The approach ... is relentlessly cynical and depressing .
There 's considerable gap between level of ambition and level of execution in Tony -LRB- American History X -RRB- Kaye 's problem picture , which is preachy , didactic and dramatically flawed .
Adrien Brody has never been better . He makes the most of his role as a man afraid of emotional entanglements and yet drawn into them during his latest teaching assignment .
There 's a searing cry for help here , buried somewhere underneath Kaye 's unrelenting directorial pretension .
Detachment gets to you . It hits hard .
There 's little that 's outrageous or involving . . It 's more like a lecture about the failures of public education .
It wants to be an expose of the pervasive horrors of modern life . Instead , it just forces us to detach as well .
`` Detachment '' quickly gets stuck in its own world-weariness .
It 's disturbing , it 's uncompromising , it 's understandably urgent , and it 's absolutely crucial .
Even at its most ludicrous - when it is shouting into your ear - its sheer audacity grabs your attention .
Detachment is overwhelming and didactic , intolerably so in some moments ...
-LSB- Brody -RSB- is undermined by a bloated script -LRB- from Carl Lund , a former public-school teacher -RRB- that lumbers him with bloviating asides about how we have failed our children .
A temper tantrum so shallow , aimless , and self-serious that it makes the films of Larry Clarke look genuinely optimistic in comparison
It 's nice to see righteous anger in a movie . If only the education drama `` Detachment '' knew what to do with it .
Kaye frequently flirts with familiar tropes , but here , he takes them in a loving embrace , betraying a rank sentimentality the film otherwise avoids .
Brody , as the semi-fallen idealist , has a haggard eloquence , and Tim Blake Nelson , Christina Hendricks , and James Caan , as his colleagues , act out a bitterly funny spectrum of desolation .
A grim but thought-provoking depiction of a failing inner-city high school and a gifted substitute teacher with a big heart .
Emotionally raw drama conveys the very bad behavior and `` detached '' states of many in the vortex of a prototypical Long Island public school . Independent filmmaking at its very best and a must-see for teens and their elders .
A film so powerful in its emotions and thought process it will leave you quite shaken up .
The movie is one big scream , clichéd and hardly credible as an oblique call to civility .
Adrien Brody , one of the weirdest looking actors of the millennium , plays Henry Barthes , a man so emotionally blocked by a lifetime of disillusion that he can not connect with any other human being .
The movie 's motives might be admirable , but its execution is so bogged down in impenetrable old-white-guy self-pity that the real problems facing public education and its practitioners get buried in the wallow .
The movie works , and , though it cries out against so much , you sense that the one thing it does not cry is wolf .
A sedate but riveting look at neurosis on both sides of teacher 's desk .
Endng in risible bathos , Tony Kaye 's urban high school melodrama is all about the cute teacher 's crises and the girls who love him .
-LSB- VIDEO -RSB- Displaying a fierce passion for the plight of teachers on the front lines of an already-lost battle to political ineptitude , director Tony Kaye launches a full-press cinematic attack regarding America 's public school system .
Brody is brilliant , but ca n't save the Book of Job proceedings from tilting over into the ludicrous .
In a wonderfully soupy timeline , Brody tries to provide some semblance of hope to kids who 'd rather be angry and the world and each other than risk failure by genuinely caring .
-LSB- director -RSB- Tony Kaye dissects the contemporary classroom with unflinching realism in this heartbreaking drama .
Despite many nameable flaws , -LSB- it -RSB- is a wrenching and powerful achievement ...
Harrowing depiction of the American educational system features a superb performance by Adrien Brody .

@highlight

Detachment 's heart is in the right place , but overall it does n't offer any solutions to its passionate ranting .