While the atmosphere works and the ending pulls something clever out from under a cliché horror plot , the end effect suggest something better could have been done with the source material .
Ouija is a disaster of a film ; some kind of monster that embodies everything wrong with both modern horror
The culprits are all there : stiff acting ; badly written , overly expository dialogue ; loud music and jump scares used to cover the lack of real tension ; and a cast of characters who just keep on doing dumb things .
For a movie that is about the perils of summoning sinister specters , the film itself could have been scarier .
While the rote screenwriting does n't kill the dark spirit of the world 's creepiest board game , it does n't channel it , either .
The cinematic equivalent of a sleeping pill ...
A supernatural horror brought to you by Michael Bay and Hasbro and released just in time for Halloween proves just as soulless as you might imagine it to be .
The fun but predictable nature of Ouija will have you laughing in places where it probably was n't intended .
`` Ouija '' is one of those low-octane horror flicks you watch once and forget .
There 's simply nothing scary about watching scenes that you 've already seen play out in dozens of other , better movies . It gets boring . Almost as boring as playing an actual game of Ouija .
Ouija is a low grade , low impact , Final Destination-style horror rip-off .
Like the source material , it comes right off the assembly line .
There 's nary a whiff of interesting individuality to any of the spirit-haunted teens here . Scares are heavily stage-managed . ` Ouija ' must rhyme with ` squeegee ' because you 'll want to scrub your mind clean of this splatting damn spot of a flick .
More interesting than the movie is its motivation : Does Hasbro really consider it smart marketing to make a film that suggests that playing with their Ouija game is likely to kill you and all your friends ?
It 's not scary or interesting , the make-up and effects are subpar and the dialogue is ridiculous .
Feature-length toy commercials may not get much more crass ... `` You can buy one of these at your local toy store '' , one character literally snorts at one point .
A mostly silly slab of horror with a cast of beautifully groomed American youths , which makes it look strikingly like High School Musical , only with screaming .
The bumps and thumps are mechanical , the young stars insipid and the otherworldly entity the kids contact is called Doris .
On the level of a fairground ride , the film delivers but when it comes to such matters as emotion , character development and suspense , it 's a bust .
No great shakes .
Tis the season to watch nubile teens get chased and bumped off by a Rentaghost reject .
A fairly generic teen horror flick ...
The age-old seance question `` Is anybody there ? '' can be equally aimed at those behind the camera .
Nothing says Halloween more than gathering in the dark to experience a carefully strategised branding opportunity .
There 's nary a chill or shock cut in the film that is n't grafted from some other relatively recent fright flick , and while the cast is uniformly game for the barely-there storyline , they 're also as generically high school as you might imagine .
Repeat after me : It 's an advertisement . It 's a movie .
Fairly appalling flapdoodle starring a bunch of generically pretty , `` good-enough-for-TV '' actors you 've never heard of as teens ill-advisedly screwing around with a Ouija board .
If you expect literally nothing from the movies you pay to see , this will just - just ! - about suffice .
`` Ouija '' is hampered by the fact that watching a bunch of people sitting around a table is not inherently cinematic .
`` Ouija '' has something wrong with it from the first five minutes .
You 'd have a scarier , more goose-pimply time fumbling your way through a game of Pictionary in the dark .
It 's frustrating to see yet another bland collection of clichés being served up in the name of horror .
I do n't blame the actors or filmmakers for `` Ouija '' being the worst horror film of 2014 . It 's the 11 narcoleptic producers who Hollywood 's allowing to slap together this same tired formula . No wonder they 're too lazy to make a horror film actually scary .
What 's left for the dead to say ? Not much , it turns out .
As a movie , Ouija is as silly and flimsy as your average store-bought Ouija board .
The most pressing issue with Ouija is that Stiles and Snowden can not seem to write a single interesting line of dialogue .
There are worse made movies , but those reveal some interesting attempts and failures . This is just competent enough to remind you they had all the resources , but stuck to the most generic version of the story .
As Ouija board movies go , Witchboard is a lot better , and Witchboard is n't even all that good .
The teen actors look like they mistakenly came from modeling school rather than acting school . They 're very attractive but barely even mobile ; they mostly pose and pout .
Ouija ? More like Ouij-NO ! Yes , that 's the most effort I 'm putting into a witty summation , as it 's equal to the effort that Ouija 's filmmakers put into making an actual horror movie .
Ouija is n't going to redefine the horror genre , but sometimes , it 's just nice to have a movie that knows what it 's doing and does it well .
Born out of a desire to explain the seemingly inexplicable , the Ouija board remains enigmatic .
In the current economy , Monopoly makes a more appropriate board game upon which to base a horror movie , but for what it is , `` Ouija '' is better than expected .
Best left on the shelf .
Unfortunately , this film wastes a frightening premise and is about as scary as an intense game of Candy Land .
Featuring cheap jump scenes rather than actual spooky terror , possessing a fairly bland cast , and your standard array of dumb character actions , the flick offers few true frights . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also Available -RRB-
The film consistently settles for the cheapest shock devices and the most shopworn totems of our current neo-gothic moment in the genre .
A blah imitation of PG-13 haunted house movies like `` Paranormal Activity '' and `` Insidious . ''
You are likely to see some 5-year olds trick-or-treating on Halloween who are scarier than the ghosts and spirits on display in Ouija .
It is harmless , frighty fun for teenage audiences , but adults will leave theatres with their bejeebers intact .
Scares are more of the Saturday morning cartoon variety , clichéd or telegraphed well in advance .
... this breaks no new ground , but it bumps along at a steady pace , providing the requisite scares and laughs along the way .
This kind of repetitive , transparent deceit is either lazy or cynical , or maybe it 's a combination of both .
The sheer brazen chutzpah of turning a horror movie into an advertisement may be the most original concept here , all the more bizarre because of the horrors unfurled by the product in question .
Man am I sick of seeing people getting dragged out of shot by invisible forces .
Wading into cheese , corn and sap by the grand finale , `` Ouija '' is a spineless chiller in desperate need of a sturdier , more confident brand of chills .
By comparison , Ouija makes Hasbro 's last attempt to adapt a board game look like pure genius .
It 's the audiences who pay to see this who are really getting played here .
A threadbare attempt at a frightfest -- dumb , turgid and ultimately tedious .
Ouija is a routine horror flick with a by-the-numbers story , bland characters & familiar `` scares '' that fail to scare .
The closing credits announce that `` Ouija '' is `` based on the Hasbro game , '' but unlike a movie ticket , a board game can easily be returned .
It 's product placement couched inside a nothing of a horror film - a humorless , snail-paced , unaccountably solemn drag with nothing up its sleeve but loud noises , boo shocks and a tiresome mystery involving arbitrary rules and missions .
Puts the bored back in board game movies
A lackluster teen scream pic . A satisfyingly scary movie could be made from a Ouija board 's inspiration . But this one is n't it .
With its young protagonists and PG-13 rating , `` Ouija '' is clearly aiming for teens as its intended audience , and hopefully they have n't seen enough horror movies to realize how bland this one is .
as frightening as a game of tic-tac-toe , and about as complicated
It 's professionally produced but completely uninspired .
A deadly dull and overly familiar movie about summoning ghosts that draws upon nearly every horror movie cliché .
Director Stiles White never met an unmotivated jump-scare he did n't like .
The thinking must be that this one has a better shot at profitability and/or franchise potential than the planned Monopoly or Candy Land movies . Though for sheer scare value my money 's on Hungry Hungry Hippos .
Bland , safe horror for those those who like their scares non-existent .
Depending on how jaded you are , a lot of these old tricks still work .
Given its double burden of being both a toy adaptation and a bloodless kiddie horror show , Ouija winds up being more fun than you might think , even if it 's the sort of film you ca n't really take seriously for a second .
One of the laziest , least frightening mainstream horror movies in recent memory .
Less scary than landing in jail while playing Monopoly .
Fairly routine stuff .
White produces some mildly creepy moments and images but nothing really original or startling .
A poorly made micro-budget horror movie designed to quickly cash-in on non-discerning audiences . And sell board games .
Combines the excitement of annoying horror clichés with the fun of watching other people play board games .
To be fair , this effort is aimed at the sleepover demographic , but even less seasoned viewers deserve some imagination to their frights . Sadly , all White has to offer is a loud sound design .

@highlight

Slowly , steadily , although no one seems to be moving it in that direction , the Ouija planchette points to NO .