The talent behind the handset is the key here ...
At its heart - and Tangerine has plenty of heart - it 's about how the friendship of two women endures through a lot of money and man trouble .
-LSB- Tangerine -RSB- helps to shine a light on a community that 's even more marginalized then the general trans community : the POC trans community .
Tangerine could be a bellwether : casting transgender actors in transgender roles .
I want to see these two actresses in other , better films -- even if it 's just to erase Tangerine out of my head . They deserve better .
Unlike many films that come with enormous budgets , famous faces and little purpose , Tangerine possessed the raging great energy that comes from genuine surprise .
-LSB- Tangerine -RSB- is spinning a tale of friendship and solidarity in the most unforgiving circumstances .
By turns funny , outrageous , and attuned to unfulfilled dreams , Tangerine is as close as I 've seen an American come to capturing the subversive panache of the young Pedro Almodóvar -- an achievement far grander than merely trending .
Director Sean Baker 's wickedly funny and stylish film Tangerine dives deep into the transgender community in Los Angeles in a way that explores the strengths , vulnerabilities , and deep needs of its characters .
At its core , this is a hilarious movie ; it just happens to star two transgender women as the lead . That alone is worthy of note .
Sun-baked Tangerine zips through with the raw power of an underground movie ... The humour is streetwise and borders on pandemoniac , and the two leads , so nutty and yet so honest in their nuttiness , slowly grow on you .
It exudes a terrific , urgent energy that elevates it far beyond its grubby milieu into a handsome and touching portrait of human beings struggling to stay afloat . Highly recommended .
Tangerine is a very dynamic film , owing to its great rhythm that oozes humor and presents these extreme and decadent characters with a great dose of sweetness . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Buzzing with life , energy and salty wit .
The best LA Christmas movie since Die Hard , Tangerine is destined to become a landmark in American independent cinema . It is absolutely essential viewing .
Baker presents possible points of empathy with his characters , but they rarely work . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
What a movie ! What characters ! What a narrative ! -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An original movie with unforgettable characters and really dark humor , making this a really special film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Full of surprises , one of them being filmed on an iPhone and the other the way it depicts one of the most important cities in the world . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Director Sean Baker proves with this film how we can use technology to find new ways to tell a good story . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A bitterweet comedy , completely independent and full of love for those who live in the big city . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Tangerine is very entertaining but it 's not an easy film to watch . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A different comedy that stays away from cliches , presenting a different take on an uncommon subject . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Funny and constantly entertaining , in great measure due to Rodriguez 's and Taylor 's on screen chemistry . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Always original and surprising , Tangerine is a top quality independent film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's great sense of humor and wide shots make other transgender melodramas look ridiculous and out of date . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Baker , not settling for just having amazing technical skills , puts this theme in a new light , making something that could be horrible into something beautiful and interesting . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Its main innovation is the sight free of prejudices , honest , direct and the director approaches to characters and scenarios that are usually addressed from the stereotype in cinema . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Sean Baker destroys stigmas with humor , real information , creativity and a low budget . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A smart , funny , devastating , and explosive film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A dense urban drama with moments of intelligent smart that make this an overall fun and smart film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Tangerine is a deliberately ugly film about ugly people , but that is used to give place to the human side of these characters . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Tangerine builds beautifully towards a messy and hilarious climax . Mr. Baker 's film is full of wit , but also compassion , and its street-level momentum reminded me of early Truffaut . It 's that good .
Stearing clear from cliches o humanizing aspects you 'd expect , Tangerine offers a story sometimes pathetic sometimes touching . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Political , progressive , fun , flirty and emotional , Tangerine is quite the trip .
Ultimately , Baker 's grand success here is in building a wholly original piece of storytelling . This is a film I had not seen before , from a filmmaker I can not wait to see more of .
As a formal exercise ... Tangerine is nothing short of remarkable ; as a portrait of people doing their best to be their best selves , it 's as warm and vivid as the sunsets splashed across its narrow but expansive digital canvas .
Tangerine will go on to be a gonzo , offbeat Christmas story for Grinchy people who are sick of watching the usual sentimental yuletide sap during the holidays .
... its fully realized , tragically flawed , yet extraordinarily resilient characters loving , hating , screaming , whispering , fighting , and forgiving their way through the backstreets of Los Angeles .
L.A. 's answer to Harold & Kumar .
As dazzling as Tangerine makes their many surfaces , as beautiful as its rich primary colors and wide shots surely are , you 're ever aware of what 's just out of frame , whether it 's the untold story or the secret kept .
Again we find Baker looking at places others have n't thought to look -- or at least have n't looked at with anything like the same affectionate humor and nuanced humanity .
Raw , original and timely , please be sure to treat yourself to Tangerine .
The story is captivating and the performances are convincing . It reminded me of other offbeat movies about life on the street , like ` Gim me the Loot ' -LRB- 2012 -RRB- . This is further proof you do n't need a lot of money to make a good movie .
The fact that this film was shot entirely on an iPhone is forgotten before it reaches the end of the snappy opening conversation .
It presents its protagonists as people grappling with life , love , betrayal and the sometimes cruel economics of their chosen profession in ways that are recognisably human , despite existing on the margins of society .
Fired by zesty performances that crackle and burn with energy , Tangerine is a bittersweet affair underpinned by a winning sense of empathy and affection .
Tangerine is a bit of a marvel , a low-budget film reportedly shot entirely on the iPhone 5 but one which combines extraordinary visual inventiveness , humour and pathos .
Tangerine acknowledges that these are hard lives to lead , but the film ultimately stands as a celebration of the characters ' mad resolve .
Tangerine takes you by the scruff of your neck into a parallel world where tattered reality is shot through with neon flashes of colour , clarity and pure emotional honesty .
It 's a long way from Pretty Woman .
There is so much vitality and pizzazz , it seems almost by the by to point out that the whole film was shot on an iPhone .
From the most unlikely source , Baker fashions a love story of genuine poignancy , defiantly unsentimental and often emotionally brutal , yet profoundly touching .
Sometimes shocking , unexpectedly charming and ultimately rather moving .
It may be known as The Movie Shot On An iPhone 5 , but Sean Baker 's hymn to the spirit of the streets has so much more going for it .
It radiates a candour , immediacy and tongue-scalding sex appeal that a bigger budget would have only smothered .
This is a one-crazy-night picture , a little like Alex Holdridge 's LA indie pic In Search of a Midnight Kiss , from 2007 . There 's real energy .
A dazzling bauble of melodrama and fast paced merriment .
Director Baker sustains a high level of energy throughout the 90-odd minutes of Tangerine 's run , building up almost operatically towards a series of prolonged climaxes .
Bombastic , organic and utterly original , Tangerine is not just a film , it 's a vital , visceral experience .
A not for everyone low-budget raucous comedy on street-life for drag queen prostitutes in Tinseltown during Christmas Eve .
A single-night screwball set on the West Hollywood strip that comes at you like a Jim Jarmusch movie on amphetamines .
A brilliant standalone piece of rhythmic storytelling , throwing itself at the audience as a ball of momentum that rolls to a tender , touching stop .
Only when Tangerine puts on the brakes a bit can the sadness be seen , and it 's then that the bittersweet undertone comes through .
A loud , stylish , ultra high-energy romp ... both uproariously funny and unexpectedly poignant .
The making of Sean Baker 's LA street drama must have been even more remarkable than the film itself .
It is original , and these days that always counts for something .
Raucously entertaining .
In Baker , we have a director who can make ordinary , quirky and disorganised lives seem colourful , compelling and most of all , humanistic .
The micro-budget visuals are gritty and evocative , and although the acting sometimes is amateurish , this heartfelt effort has a ferocious energy .
What 's important about Tangerine is that it 's so cathartically hilarious .
The movie is a judgment against those who deny people their basic human rights . And considering where we have come and how far we still have to go in this fight for equality , it is exactly what we deserve .
At once both a radically high-octane slice of ingenious guerrilla filmmaking and also wonderfully simple , Tangerine is like a bolt of electricity that charges through the cinema and sets its audience on fire from sheer originality and foulmouthed bravado .
Told with simplicity but deep empathy , Baker 's film sports a refreshingly sober , grown-up worldview that refuses to judge , sensationalize , or do anything other than show lives as they may be , and perhaps are .
Pure hipster catnip .
The iPhone cinematography -LRB- by Baker and Radium Cheung -RRB- gives the film an immediate , almost documentary-feel appropriate to its focus on action ...
`` Tangerine '' has generated interest partly because it was made using iPhones augmented by other devices . But technology can only take a film so far - it 's the story that really matters .
... has humor , tawdriness and a strange , persistent beauty .
What tips the scales in justifying the movie 's screwball-comedy approach is the sheer human vitality of the people on screen , especially Rodriguez and Taylor .
Smart , antic comedy that 's eager to offend .
Low-budget but accomplished . The high dramatics on display are effectively told .
Baker gets great , sly , unforced performances from his two leads , but it 's not all a rollicking good time : There are moments of quietude , inquietude , moments when a sense of wariness and loneliness settles over the women .
A caustically funny , richly energetic indie comedy .
Tangerine 's greatest accomplishment , however , lies with director Baker , who filmed the movie using an iPhone 5S . It 's an amazing achievement -- the fluidity of the camerawork is exhilarating at times , the intimacy of the close-ups sometimes unsettling .
`` Tangerine '' is the wildest screwball transgender comedy since Tony Curtis and Jack Lemmon donned lipstick , mascara and full-tilt female get-ups in `` Some Like It Hot . ''
Rodriguez and Taylor are terrific . Their confidence is infectious , yet they never let us forget the challenges their lives offer .
Bold and edgy , it suggests one interesting future direction for the movies .
It 's not the technology and law-breaking that make this movie so ingeniously unique . It 's the people , the place , the electric sense of movement and the biting sense of humor .
`` Tangerine '' generously offers something unusual in a summer when relentless conformity could really use a dab of lipstick , a pinch of estrogen and an attitude that says I dare to be different .
This is a universal story that could take place in a small Midwestern town , an African city , or a space station orbiting Venus .
`` Los Angeles is a beautifully wrapped lie , '' one character says , and Tangerine is perhaps the direct inverse of that : a slippery kind of truth , minus the gift wrapping of a major studio film .
There 's an inescapable sensation of voyeurism to the experience of watching Tangerine .
Even though it 's often difficult to watch , `` Tangerine '' is refreshingly different from the standard theatrical fare .
What Baker has cooked up here with verve , can-do , vision and a stellar effort from a cast who feel like they genuinely inhabit the skins of their characters should register as a jewel of wonderment and is most certainly a promise of bigger things to come .
Baker gives a more ground-level view of Los Angeles than in any other movie in recent years .
Tangerine is a lewd , madcap romp tempered with unexpected moments of sweetness and grace . It 's a bawdy farce with a heart of gold and I loved it from start to finish .
`` Tangerine '' is about Sin-Dee 's revenge but is also an odyssey for the young transvestite as she traverses LA on her Christmas quest .
-LSB- A -RSB- rollicking indie comedy .
In effect , `` Tangerine '' offers a saccharine alternative to the uncut realism of the Safdie brothers ' `` Heaven Knows What . ''
As one character observes in `` Tangerine , '' Los Angeles is `` a beautifully wrapped lie . '' Baker has created a fitting homage to artifice and the often tawdry , tender realities that lie beneath .
I do n't know whether a real-life Sin-Dee and Alexandra would approve of the way they 're presented in Tangerine . But I think they might appreciate the dignity these characters award themselves and the ambiguity they 're sometimes allowed .
This is sublime filmmaking , a textbook example of how indies can tell groundbreaking stories in a way that Hollywood simply ca n't match .
Conjures up a world where an illegal business transaction in a carwash can somehow come off as silly , raw , and touching all at once . After the credits roll , the dizzy crackle remains .
A brash , vivacious screwball comedy of West Hollywood street life , told in the course of several blocks across several hours as Christmas Eve moves from day to dusk to dark of night and ache of heart .
A reinvigorating reminder of what indie filmmaking can -- and should -- do .
This one will go onto my rotation of unconventional Christmas movies .
Tangerine is a great Los Angeles movie and a great indie and a great reminder of the possibilities of creativity during a time when everything is a sequel or a reboot or a comic-book spectacle .
A necessary portrait of a multiracial L.A. as a concrete-surfaced hard-knocks-a-thon ... as well as a hilarious and high-spirited comedy with a dramatic , third-act curve ball that reminds us that there are aching hearts under the quips and weaves .
This is a gorgeous , timely and possibly profound human comedy , and if there 's no disentangling the medium from the message that 's because both are powerful and ambiguous .
Assured and immensely likable , truly independent in story and style .
A sneaky slice-of-life indie that comes on all casual and cinéma-verité in the early scenes , then slowly coalesces into a romantic comedy as intricately constructed as any door-slamming stage farce .
Shot on an iPhone 5 for practically no money , Tangerine jumps off the screen and wows you like nobody 's business .
These people are the way they are , the movie says . This obscenely vibrant patch of L.A. is officially an enclave . But Baker makes it feel bigger and louder and crazier than that . He turns subculture into family .
Avoiding every cliché of digital realism , Tangerine is alive , vivid , and true to the world of its working-girl characters .
A few touching moments ... Is having a transgender woman character ... played by a transgender woman ... supposed to make this minstrel show amusing or satirical ?
The chemistry of the leads and their authentic , crackling dialogue make it a pleasure to tag along for the day .
Little is as it seems in `` Tangerine , '' a fast , raucously funny comedy about love and other misadventures .
The film is clearly not for everyone ; sometimes it was n't for me . But it 's steadfastly nonjudgmental and wonderfully tender toward two searchers for new versions of old-fashioned love .
Miraculously shot on an iPhone , but that is not really what makes this outrageous , outrageously good and original sex comedy/buddy film a small classic .
The dialogue is spectacular in its authenticity , the relationships are complex -- amazing how drugs can change things - and Baker at no time stoops to judgment .
There is much humour but souls and secrets are also bared as Baker considers the nature of friendship and a street-based family .
Tangerine is lurid , ribald and sleazy in the most complimentary ways possible , because it 's suffused with rich empathy .
For all of Tangerine 's movement ... and all of its slapping and arguing , it 's the movie 's quietest , softest moments that register most strongly ...
Do n't judge an L.A. trans prostitute unless you 've walked a mile -LRB- or 50 yards -RRB- in her high heels . That 's the message of writer-director Sean Baker 's enormously entertaining and empathetic feature .
-LSB- A -RSB- fresh , funny and acutely human comedy about a day in the life of some of Hollywood 's edgier residents .
`` Tangerine '' offers a warts-and-all depiction of a subculture seldom treated with respect by straight society . The movie handles it in a sincere way that 's entertaining , too .
A Christmas tale that 's raunchy and laugh-out-loud hilarious , but also surprisingly tender .
While Tangerine does a brilliant job of establishing a verite feel , there 's so little actual story that it becomes difficult to get involved at anything deeper than a surface level .
What 's extraordinary about Tangerine is that it 's everything an entertaining , old-fashioned , mainstream Hollywood comedy should be but no longer is .
Tangerine is n't without blemishes , but it rarely strikes you as anything less than a stone-cold original .
Tangerine is all about possibility , and about becoming . Trans or not , we 're all becoming , every day .
A perceptive and tireless look at a minority culture within a minority culture , Tangerine should appeal to audiences far outside the LGBT community .
Not watered-down for mass consumption . Its characters are allowed to be abrasive , even evil .
Best nasty and lowdown comedy ever filmed on a cell-phone .
Tangerine is touching for its non-condescending stance toward working girls and the spirit of the sidewalk .
While the film 's colors are as electric as the characters ' emotions , the setups and framing are fairly conventional , a missed opportunity to create aesthetics that reflect the unique perspectives .
Tangerine paints a portrait of transgender sex workers and their clients that pulses with raunchy energy and compassionate humour .
Baker revels in the power of clichés and the generic energy of his low-fi cinematography , which is done with a cell phone . The results are picturesque and anecdotal .
Its triumph is primarily a matter of style , a visionary revelation every bit as expressionistic as its main character 's electric sense of shade .
A fast-paced adrenaline shot to the heart that shows the underbelly of the streets of L.A. , but somehow , along the film 's journey , it becomes strangely endearing and quite lovable .
Outrageous antics are often the catalyst for moments of pure empathy . The cast , which consists mostly of non-actors , is fantastic and endlessly game .
Utilizing underseen subjects , he captures their world in a thoughtful and artful way , and it also happens to be a damn fun ride .
It 's the warmth and absence of judgment or condescension toward its marginalized characters that make Sean Baker 's film such a vibrant and uplifting snapshot .
` Starlet ' helmer Sean Baker delivers another compassionate portrait of life on the L.A. margins with this big-hearted , low-budget tale of two transgender prostitutes .

@highlight

Tangerine shatters casting conventions and its filmmaking techniques are up-to-the-minute , but it 's an old-fashioned comedy at heart -- and a pretty wonderful one at that .