A needlessly elaborate plot somewhat spoils the pairing of these martial-arts icons , but this sturdy B-movie thriller has enough style to overcome its formulaic trappings .
Acaba revelando , em seu ato final , um esforço intrigante para surpreender o espectador , a esta altura , já fomos obrigados a agüentar uma infinidade de diálogos desastrosos e seqüências frouxas de ação e pouco pode ser feito para salvar o filme .
-LSB- A -RSB- routine crime thriller .
Proefibikon prodiagrafon astynomiki peripeteia , me yperanalytiko epanalambanomeno senario anamenomenis plokis , tigka sta ftina kolpakia toy montaz gia petyhei ayto to cool binteoklipistiko
It 's inexplicable that the filmmakers have n't given the stars many opportunities to pull out their celebrated skills en route to their inevitable head-on collision .
Considering the extent of action/fight/chase / shootout and stunts , the film seems to drag a bit . But then I like my action films to have good stories and interesting characters .
All together now : ` War ! Hurgh ! What is it it good for ? '
Badly plotted , poorly directed action flick - it 's no surprise this was n't shown to critics before its release .
War is a big dumb potboiler that manages the almost impossible trick of making explosions , swordfights and car chases actually seem boring .
Like its leading men , War 's got a few handy moves up its sleeve , but when the dust-ups clear it emerges underwritten and over-cranked .
What is it good for ? Absolutely nothing .
Li and Statham -LRB- and the audience -RRB- deserve better .
... more proof that bad writing and directing can overwhelm any amount of talent elsewhere .
A cliff notes version of an action movie .
There is a lot of talent in front of the camera in this mess -- Statham , Li , Lone , Aoki , Luis Guzman , Saul Rubinek , and the always cool Sung Kang -- and they are all wasted . Those actors deserve a better movie . So does the audience .
First-time feature director Atwell clearly displays skills he picked up directing videos for Eminem and 50 Cent .
The story is threadbare ...
The final cut of the picture looks as though someone pulled it apart in post-production and forgot how the pieces fit . It 's not a total mess , but War tends to get dizzy trying to keep the plot afloat .
-LSB- Jet -RSB- Li and -LSB- Jason -RSB- Statham 's characters represent respect for life and art ; they 're also purifying a contaminated genre .
If you want action and a convoluted plot , there 's no need to wreak havoc . Let Jason Statham and Jet Li do that for you in `` War . ''
Just as you think to yourself , `` This flick would be way better if it had Van Damme playing twins , '' along comes a plot twist so ingenious that it almost redeems the rest of the flick .
This assignment may have provided Statham a decent payday , but it 's not his shining hour .
Not exactly the Jet Li/Jason Statham battle royale we had been promised .
If it were n't for the last act , the film would have ended up being just as functional as any cheesy action film from the 80s .
In spite of a late-game adrenaline surge , the hoped-for fireworks between Li and Statham never quite materialize .
Rent a John Woo movie instead .
Not so much a narrative as a barrage of violent images designed to beat the brain into abject surrender .
What is it good for ? Absolutely nothin ' , unless you 're in the market for 90-plus minutes of vacant macho brooding , dog-eared action-flick clichés and so-so fight scenes that squander the talents of its star players .
Lacking even the galvanizing action sequences that would have compensated for suffering through its formulaic plot , this is a thoroughly forgettable exploitationer .
Pure straight-to-video rope-a-dope .
There is n't enough humor in the script and not enough style in the direction by newcomer Philip G. Atwell . A few plot twists keep things interesting , but the best ones come long after anyone could possibly care .
Building to a climactic twist as arbitrary as it is unsatisfying , WarK ties itself in knots trying to bring something new to a stale formula . It 's never painful to watch , but that 's only because it provokes no feeling at all .
Most regrettably , War squanders the considerable merits of its leads .
No one who 's witnessed any of the graceful yet blistering combat in the Bourne movies should stand for action sequences that look like they 've been edited by an Uzi .
Dark in tone and almost devoid of humor , it proves that a serious , workmanlike effort can still pay off .
could suffice as entertainment in a lot of low-expectation venues
If you 've seen the trailer , then you 've already seen a much more entertaining version of War .
War , what is it good for ? Unh ! Absolutely nothin ' !
By making Corey Yuen the director instead of just the action choreographer , War could have been a far superior film that would have at least satisfied action junkies .
This is n't great cinema , but it adequately fills a niche . Those who like their action loud and bloody wo n't be disappointed . There 's a high body count and lots of explosions and , for some , that 's what this is all about .
The fatal flaw of War ... is that I do n't give two craps about anyone in it .
War is largely a yawner .
A generic action flick made much worse by a couple of ridiculous plot twists that are disingenuous and a total rip-off , ruining what little fun it otherwise would have been .
A disappointment , failing to capitalize on the charisma of its two leads or even give them anything that interesting to do .
For a nihilistic grade B action film it certainly pushes many of the right button , it 's just wading through all the tiredly cliché crap to finally get there that takes some doing .
War is the Heat of cheesy Ameri-Euro-Asian kung-fu cop-crook movies .
-LSB- D -RSB- enies us the simple , brainless pleasure of watching these two guys get Oriental on each other 's asses . It 's like someone made Gamera vs. Mothra and , oops , forgot to give us two guys in rubber suits battling to the death .
It all looks pretty good , and delivers exactly what it promises .
Statham and Li never really fight , except for thirty seconds or so of half-hearted punches .
The teaming of action stars Jet Li and Jason Statham may raise audience expectations for a lean , mean ass-kicking machine , but War turns out to be a flabby and formulaic programmer .
All-the-way-through good , from explosive start to bloody finish , without so much as a momentary lag in the action or the story .
Sound effects : blam ! blam ! blam ! blam , blam ! blam ! blam ! blam ! blam !!! -- well , you get the picture .
Li ... spends most of his time shooting a gun with what are usually much more ingeniously employed hands .
It 's the ultimate showdown between cliche and more cliche .
... War 's relentlessly over-the-top visuals and hopelessly convoluted storyline ensure that it generally comes off as yet another needless entry within an exceedingly tired genre .
An irrelevant , joyless bore .




@highlight

Jet Li and Jason Statham find themselves on opposing sides in the immensely boring War , which is full of clichés but short on action .