It 's dull , horrifying and miserable .
Based on approximately 615 minutes worth of evidence , the series probably wo n't get much better than Age of Extinction , which is less a recommendation than a statement of resignation .
This movie is so long , it is ridiculous . I literally rationed out my popcorn .
If it was n't for a mess of a third act , Age of Extinction might have been a half-decent movie .
Be it fiery photogenic explosions , smashing buildings , mega monster battles and more , there is no doubt that action rules this film .
If you feel that Frozen or Maleficent gave you an overdose of positive female role models , then Tessa 's wailing and waiting for her father and boyfriend Shane to prove their masculinity by saving her -LRB- Peltz -RRB- will be just the antidote you need .
Motivations are reduced to extreme basics such as , `` Family Man is brave '' and `` Black Ops Guy is bad '' .
If you 're looking for retrograde sexual politics , then by all means Transformers is the movie for you .
When the third act finally , finally comes and the film becomes fun , it has been a long , dreary road for the audience to get to that point , and it 's almost too little , too late .
A lumbering film of grotesque size in which nothing of major interest happens .
There 's not much here to entice non-fans , and there 's probably too much static to please the purists .
In 1871 , the Great Chicago Fire burned miles of the city , but it would be nearly destroyed by something much worse , 140 years later .
Mad , funny junk .
Since the film is a chilling two hours and 45 minutes long , that means one 's mind quickly wanders , dancing across this film 's many flaws , little and big .
On the one hand , Transformers : Age of Extinction is barely coherent , narratively disastrous , and oppressively long . On the other : Optimus Prime riding a dinosaur robot !
The elements of a Transformer movie : cool machinery , a long-legged jail-bait female of stunning visage , cornfields/sunsets ; witty dialog : ` Dude , she 's an evil jock-concubine . '
As the series ' least terrible entry to date , `` Age Of Extinction '' is all at once refreshing and generally pointless .
The running time of 2 hours and 45 minutes allows plenty of time for lots of explosions and inane dialogue .
Transformers : Age of Extinction is as close to an incoherent mess of movement & noise as cinema gets . Michael Bay is slowly perfecting his brand of blockbuster , and to be honest it 's getting quite compelling to watch him fall down this rabbit hole
Metal on metal still the name of the game
If in doubt , smash everything to pieces - and be as noisy as possible .
Transformers : Age of Extinction is simply more of the same mindless action , flat characters , and utter boredom that we 've come to expect from these bloated mechanical sequels .
'' ... an excruciatingly monotonous plunge through the id of our cultural subconscious , which means that it might even be a decent allegory in spite of itself . ''
Transformers have souls , this movie repeatedly tells us , but does Michael Bay ?
Like the generic , Hans Zimmer xerox-style score by Steve Jablonsky , and the lightweight , edgeless and comically earnest indie-pop soundtrack songs by Imagine Dragons , ` Age Of Extinction ' is oddly anonymous and impersonal .
From its stereotypes and endlessly quipping tinpot has-been-bro-heroes to its brazen product placement , pandering to the Chinese market , and incessant bombast , this flick 's the nadir of 21st-century F/X blockbusters -- no weight or wonder , just clanking off
... if you 're looking for the film that makes the Transformers the real main characters and gives them the best part of the story and the best , most resonant arcs , then Age of Extinction is your ticket .
I 'm not going to say that Transformers : Age of Extinction is quite `` good . '' But it is arguably the least `` bad '' of the franchise .
Transformers : Age of Extinction is n't so much a movie as it is a 165-minute propaganda film made to appeal to the widest demographic possible - but mainly for China .
The Transformers series returns with what just might be the worst entry yet ...
It 's worse than any of the previous three movies in the franchise and the worst , so far , of this year 's parade of would-be ` blockbusters . '
It is frankly pointless to knock its quintessentially Bay aesthetic of massive mayhem and the equally shameless broad corniness of its humor , for all of that is clearly what the film was meant to be and dutifully delivers .
Transformers : A Era da Extinção é o que Círculo de Fogo teria sido caso houvesse sido dirigido por alguém com o Q.I. do garotinho tocador de banjo de Amargo Pesadelo .
Even the diehard Transformers fans will be hard pressed not to admit that this movie stinks .
Seemingly written by a thirteen-year old boy and directed by his walking erection , this one is nothing but a booming pile of rubble .
The few authentic inspirations to be found in the movie 's hundred and sixty-five roiling minutes involve gigantic science-fiction contrivances .
With each film in the Transformer saga , Michael Bay makes it clear that all he 's interested in are massive metallic special effects bashing into each other and usually exploding .
To those who say rape culture is a myth , we say `` Behold , Transformers 4 '' .
Are you ready for three hours of overkill ?
Woohoo ! Discombobulation is fun .
The cinematic equivalent of being repeatedly hit over the head with a food mixer .
Well , this is another overlong and over-the-top action extravaganza from Bay about the cars that turn into robots .
It has the pace of an oscillating house fan , going back and forth between boring exposition and bursts of action in which you suddenly have no idea WTF is going on .
Sweet , swollen with box-office self-importance , and probably just what the kids want for midsummer dessert .
There remains something undeniably exciting about seeing Optimus Prime kicking ass or witnessing the superbly-detailed Dinobots .
Even the heartiest Transformers nerd must admit that Michael Bay took his mecha-fetish too far this time .
This is the second worst of the films , rising only slightly above 2009 's Revenge of the Fallen .
The film 's special effects are amazing , it 's loud and overwhelming , but there are so many unnecessary scenes , so little narrative , such a weak script , so much product placement , a favouring of the Chinese government that it feels almost nihilistic ...
For those who are n't still blindly faithful to something they liked when they were nine , despite the colossal scale , there 's little to see here .
It barely matters whether this movie is good or bad . Bay is now the sort of filmmaker -- the only one , perhaps -- whose moviemaking goes beyond such binary banality .
Let 's just view the latest edition , Transformers : Age of Extinction , on a relative scale : This is probably the best film so far in the series .
-LSB- Bay 's -RSB- skill is in proving that , in cinema , nothing is impossible in terms of spectacle . It 's just that when it comes to coherent plot and compelling characters it falls short .
In the end , though , this is still a movie about giant robots fighting each other , which is to say it 's nearly impossible to take seriously on a narrative level .
At this point , recounting any more of the film 's numerous faults would be akin to copying-and-pasting criticisms of the previous three films .
The story and the spectacle are both instantly forgettable , but Stanley Tucci 's megalomaniac tech gazillionaire might and Li Bingbing 's slinky executive might just snag your attention amid the special-effects-driven mayhem .
Stupid it may be but it 's a lot better than the last two episodes . The plot is easier to follow , the special effects are even more spectacular and , for once , the movie has an acceptable leading man .
Bay 's now made the same film four times , swapping out characters and maguffins while ensuring an identikit tone ; that uneasy , unedifying blend of gung-ho preening , sadistic violence , vindictive humour and creepy sexuality .
AT the centre of our galaxy is a supermassive black hole . Not even light can escape from its powerful gravitational pull . And not even that sucks as much as this movie .
A movie so mind blowing and awesome , I forgot my own name while watching it . It provides joy on levels that will never be cinematically topped and ... oh , wait a minute , I 'm sorry . It actually really , really sucks .
Preferable to syphilis .
As a visual showcase , Bay 's blockbuster delivers . Though the question remains , is that really enough ?
Transfourmers , as I like to call it , is everything you could want in a big-budget tentpole , so long as what you want is sound and fury signifying nothing beyond a guarantee that more of the same is already on the way .
The beginning and end of this film are too far apart . It could have been cut by an hour without missing anything important . It is just bloated with junk , including excessive product placement .
Horrifically garish but undeniably fascinating ...
Age Of Extinction transforms into a typically bombastic Bay offering . If it 's major-league spectacle you want , though , look no further .
There 's no good reason to justify how a film that 's essentially about robots bashing other robots can be stretched out to such gargantuan lengths , especially with a plot as hole-ridden and lightweight as this .
The urine you discharge during the inevitable p*ss - break is guaranteed to flow better than any dialogue in this near three-hour movie .
A new franchise low , featuring flailing actors , dull , incomprehensible action and murderous Autobots that act like whiny , petulant dicks .
Inflated , interminable and incoherent ...
You 're either awestruck , dumbstruck or just plain struck in the face .
Rearranger of space and time Michael Bay has reached a level of aggressive self-actualization that perhaps no other human being has reached before .
Can I make a citizen 's arrest for assault with intent to bore to death ?
Big , dumb and fun .
Transformers : Age Of Extinction provides action with zero tension .
Michael Bay 's latest exercise in excess is the biggest , longest , loudest , explodiest film ever made .
Long before Optimus Prime hoists his hulking metal frame onto the back of a giant robot dinosaur , wields his mighty sword and rides valiantly away to save the planet once more , Transformers : Age of Extinction plays like a parody ...
The ploy Bay has used , unsuccessfully , is that as the story becomes more and more stupid , and the stupidity is jaw-dropping in its scope , the effects become bigger and bigger
It 's big , dumb and ugly , but you can also avoid it pretty readily if you want .
Bay has said that this film will kick off a second trilogy of Transformers movies - and I think he 's serious . That means there will be -LRB- at least -RRB- two more of these things . God help us all .
I sincerely enjoyed the Transformer who was literally branded by Oreo .
Why are we here ? What is the purpose of life on earth ? And why are alien robots so hellbent on impersonating our automobiles ?
Abysmal ! Unless you 're really into techie toys , it 's excruciating to watch - a tortuous endurance test .
Unabashed junk , but when historians dig it up it in hundreds of years , they 'll find much of value .
The sequel to Transformers I 've been waiting three movies for .
With all of the exploding Porsches and Lamborghinis that its $ 180 million dollar budget affords , Extinction feels like the cinematic equivalent of big game hunting -LRB- especially when it is set in a country where the minimum wage is $ 2 an hour -RRB- .
You 'll get the beer commercial filmmaking you 've grown to know ... I may end up hating it in retrospect , but I ca n't deny its mainstream fast food entertainment value .
Much like the other installments , if you leave the theater without a headache , you 've disappointed the producers .
The work of a man who needs to do everything in excess - lengthy battles , an absurd amount of low angle shots , painfully blatant product placement , pyrotechnics overload and well over two hours of CGI porn .
The movie 's crammed with useless nuts and bolts , the storytelling equivalent of a mechanic who lifts the hood of your car and says , `` That 's everything , fix it yourself . ''
Cynical filmmaking at its worst -- a blatant marketing tool for , if not the action figures themselves , then the production 's promotional partners .
If it truly takes this long to save the world from the depredations of robots that turn into muscle cars , it may be that the world is no longer worth saving .
Age of Extinction wo n't win over Transformers movie skeptics but Michael Bay succeeds in giving his fans what they are looking for - unmatched CGI spectacle .
Even by the low IQ standards of the three previous Transformers films , Transformers : Age of Extinction is grave and exceptionally stupid , with a plot as bewildering and incoherent as a caffeinated 5-year-old 's explanation of the multiverse theory .
There are some fun action moments scattered throughout , although they 're largely negated by a screenplay that somehow manages to be overstuffed yet still thin .
There has been a puzzling yet distinctive tonal shift in this new edition .
Transformers : Age of Extinction , despite the hopeful ring of finality in the title , is merely another chapter in the saga , and far and away the worst one so far .
Waaayyyy too long but not as bad as some are painting it to be . If this is your thing , what I , or other critics think , wo n't matter anyway .
-LSB- Compared to Michael Bay 's earlier work in Bad Boys and Armageddon -RSB- , the Transformers films resemble out-of-control art school projects - crass without being remotely watchable , as if mocking the very notion of entertainment .
It 's almost impressive how Michael Bay figured out how to make robots fighting each other the antithesis of fun .
Presumably there 's some kind of story going on here but director Michael Bay does n't seem all that interested in it so why should you be ? But more often things just happen because EXPLOSIONS !
This is n't as much entertainment as an attempt to beat the moviegoer into submission with repetitive action scenes and two-dimensional characters .
Reviewing a Transformers movie is a bit like reviewing a toy . In fact , it 's exactly like reviewing a toy .
Transformium , wow ! Meant to be funny , but is really a whole lot of stupid .
Occasional thrills ca n't save plodding , messy sequel .
The worst part is , with a semi-capable script and a more focused delivery , Michael Bay could have had a pretty stellar Transformers movie , instead of yet another Bay-splosion filled bit of clunky chaos .
`` You ca n't keep spending money on junk to make new junk ! '' Tanned teen Tessa pleads with her pops . Clearly , she does n't realize she 's in a Michael Bay movie ...
Apparently these days all movies have to be dark , grim , joyless , and not allowed to be fun just for the sake of entertaining an audience . I loved every moment of this big , dumb , over the top extravaganza . It 's why Summer Blockbusters exist .
This tepid fourth installment is actually an improvement over 2011 's ridiculous Dark of the Moon entry . But that 's like saying the flu is better than pneumonia . Either way , a high threshold for pain is required .
Congratulations , Denise Richards ; you 're no longer the most laughable movie scientist of all time .
It 's just noise , color and movement . It 's like a `` Baby Einstein '' video for teens , but infinitely louder and dumber . And so very , very long .
Transformers : Age of Extinction oversimplifies and stupefies what was already a dumbed down formula for a successful summer action blockbuster .
A pummeling , two hour and 45 minute assault that essentially dares the audience to keep track of what 's happening .
Action can be exciting . But chaos gets boring fast .
Terrible , just terrible .
For better or worse , Michael Bay epitomizes the modern summer blockbuster . His latest film is too long , too glum and too much .
AKKKKKKflumpq -LSB- oihtnj/jvalj ` jinokqrmBUDLIGHTjnvocickjld90g49 ` p * ^ * & ^ & ^ % jknklmmkzzxzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzYORPYORPYORPYORPYORP
The battle scenes are consistently too long , even though the special effects of the street fighting in Chicago and Hong Kong are awesome .
This is cliched writing , at best , but fans of the series overlook such trivial matters as long as the special effects are , well , special . And they are .
There 's more product-placement in this movie than I can remember in ... ever . Even Dr. Dre gets a Beats shoutout-like he needs the money .
The movie is nonsense , bound together with cars and girls and robot MMA , which is , of course , what its audience joyously demands , and so the franchise endures , intensifying its ear-splitting ballet of incoherence .
The film is somehow both over-plotted and yet completely lacking in story and the action just too disjointed to work . I still want a sequel , and that 's because Optimus Prime riding on a Dinobot is really freaking awesome .
As good as this ` Transformers ' looks , and the visuals are the only reason to see this spectacle , the flawless effects become overbearing after nearly three hours . -LRB- I was checking my watch after 90 minutes . -RRB- Enough is too much .
Transformers : Age of Extinction is nearly three % $ ^ & % !! # hours , and they 're brain-freezing .
It is eye-rolling , but Wahlberg and Tucci keep things fun and lively . Do n't expect to be moved dramatically in any significant way , however . The relationships and dialogue are written poorly and only act to weakly stitch action set-pieces together .
Well before it finished I was numb from its bludgeoning excess .
The first twenty minutes are great with Wahlberg stealing the show as a wannabe inventor but when the Transformers arrive onscreen , it all goes downhill .
This is as excruciating a movie as is likely to be experienced by anyone , anywhere .
The Transformers are brilliant , brave , world-conquering space travelers . Time to morph into something entertaining .
Go if you must , but bring earplugs .
If you love furious spectacle overwhelming two-dimensional characters , plot holes and inconsistencies , bloat and overall stupidity , ` Transformers : Age of Extinction ' might be right up your alley . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also Available -RRB-
Transformers : Age Of Extinction will remind you of every reason why you love and hate Michael Bay .
Little more than a licensing expo masquerading as a Hollywood blockbuster .
`` Transformers : Age of Extinction '' is n't a `` good '' movie by any conventional standards , but as nothing more than empty , stupid , sometimes dazzling spectacle it provides exactly what audiences who flock to this series will be looking for .
... all the noise and fights among machines for almost three hours is just too much for any normal human to endure . Cut 90 minutes and you have a pretty good movie .
The special effects are better than the non-special effects moments , which come down to 1 . Exposition 2 . Banter 3 . In-jokes about sequels and product placement .
-LRB- The -RRB- bewildering first act is Shakespearean compared to an extended mid-section which may represent the worst second act in scriptwriting history .
Wahlberg helps put the bro in Hasbro . . In the end , I simply raised my arms at the sheer mad spectacle of it all , and shouted `` Woo ! ''
Turns out Transformers : Age of Extinction actually lives up to its title and chronicles not just the death of our bond with the Autobots , but the death of cinema , and that once-fearsome T. rex called American culture .
The film sags conspicuously under the weight of its accrued event-movie baggage .
With his fourth bite at the Transformers apple , director Michael Bay escapes from the dungeon of the actively insulting and scales the giddy heights of the mildly obnoxious .
Go for the robot punching if you like , but do n't expect anything more than meets the eye .
It 's still not a great movie , but it is , most definitely , full-metal Bay .
It is one of the most relentless movies I have ever seen . It just refuses to end .
Seriously , the next movie should just be called `` Transformers : Hammer to the Skull . ''
This franchise has become a case of judging bad apples , and Transformers : Age of Extinction is the least rotten of the bunch .
The final confrontation alone lasts close to an hour , and at some point , you may find yourself simply in a daze , unable to absorb any further action into your brain .
In an homage to such `` cinema of cruelty '' classics as Andy Warhol 's real-time `` Sleep , '' Bay allows the film to run for almost three hours and abandons all pretense of a plot .
The story is scaffolding for the action , and like every other standing structure it is wrecked in a thunderous shower of metal , glass , masonry and earth .
There 's only one thing anyone really needs to know about -LSB- this -RSB- exercise in robot-on-robot violence : at nearly three hours , it 's the longest `` Transformers '' yet . Any mention of the leaden dialogue -LSB- and -RSB- wooden acting ... would just be piling on .
Say what you will about these movies , but in audio terms they 're things of beauty .
One thing you have to give Bay credit for : He has a knack for bringing A-list talent down to his level .
It 's long , it 's loud and it 's really stupid .
There are so many action sequences related to so many story lines , that midway through an epic fight , you might find yourself wondering what exactly started this particular battle and what the objective is other than destruction for the sake of it .
Like a nuclear arsenal launched by an insane despot , Michael Bay 's `` Transformers : Age of Extinction '' aims for a million different targets and incinerates them beyond recognition .
Except for Tucci , the humans possess less personality than the robots as they race from one ridiculously mounted action sequence to another .
Special effects still reign despite a new cast .
Bay seems to have exhausted himself . The fourth , longest , and flimsiest entry in the director 's signature franchise finds Bay mostly in cruise control ...
When the most interesting thing in ` Transformers : Age of Extinction ' is the blatant product placement , you know something is out of whack .
a mind-numbing experience , disorienting in its randomness and ridiculous in its brute force bombast
Bay constructs a barrage of showdowns remarkable for their ridiculous propensity to feature explosions and slo-mo , gravity-defying feats . They 're all unmemorable .
In striving for nothing but `` more '' - more explosions , more robot slo-mo scenes , more up-shorts shots of 19-year-old girls-the movie becomes devoid of anything .
Michael Bay has done the impossible . With Transformers : Age of Extinction , the start of a - everyone duck ! - second trilogy in his metalhead franchise , the Bay-man has made the worst and most worthless Transformers movie yet .
Transformers : Age of Extinction is n't a bad movie ; it 's the worst possible product of a big Hollywood system drunk on a cocktail of fermented nostalgia and rancid profiteering while driving moviegoing into the ground .
Michael Bay outdoes himself here , creating the biggest , bloatiest , Michael Bay-est film ever . There is scarcely a moment in its 165 minutes that does not involve frenzied screaming , smashing or shooting .
Sitting through Transformers : Age of Extinction is like binge-watching the death of the human spirit .
If you like ear-piercing explosions and bizarre spaceships and wooden dialogue that serves simply to get from one action scene to another , `` Transformers : Age of Extinction '' delivers on all fronts .
Bay is used to delivering entertainment by the megatonne , and his latest epic continually tops everything he did in the previous three films .
An elephantine stinker that 's the very definition of sound and fury that signifies nothing .
There are few pleasures in life like having your seat vibrate with the deep , resonant tones of Peter Cullen 's Optimus Prime .
Transform your money into a ticket to something else .
Parts of ` Transformers : Age of Extinction ' are watchable , even thrilling . But -LSB- Michael Bay 's -RSB- supposed to be offensive , wretched , vulgar .
Nothing coheres . Movies usually try to come together at the end ; this one falls apart . If that 's Bay intention , then cinema has finally entered its Age of Extinction .
All that 's left to blow up is Bay 's contract , passing the reins to someone who realizes that noise and boredom are n't mutually exclusive .
Imagine if instead of creating new music , a recording artist kept putting out the exact same album , just playing the songs a little louder each time . That 's what it feels like watching `` Transformers : Age of Extinction . ''
It is scattered , weightless , impossible to get hold of , and somehow , after seven years and more than 10 hours of screen time , I could not tell you what these films are about .
To say that Age of Extinction is the best installment in the money-minting Transformers franchise is like saying the best episode of The Love Boat was the one that had Charo in it : The praise is so faint , it 's close to meaningless .
Hello , police ? I 'd like to report an assault .
... a bloated , incoherent mess that may divert children -LRB- and grown-ups who enjoyed playing with the toys -RRB- who have turned the last three films into international hits .
Give Age Of Extinction this much credit : Of all the Transformers movies , this is the longest .
Confounding . But not without its thrills .
One-hundred-and-sixty-five minutes . Think about that .
If the `` human scenes '' all reek of adolescent dialogue and dopey snark masquerading as character development , it 's a toss-up if that 's better or worse than seeing clattering collections of caliginous junk ...
Loud , ridiculous and nonsensical - even for a Transformers movie ...
You will feel dumber for having sat through it .
It may be loud and stupid , but at least it 's loud and stupid .
Feels less like a movie than a product of the cinema-industrial complex .
The definitive infomercial blockbuster
How dare you Michael Bay ? How dare you ?
An overly familiar collage of bombastic bewilderment .
The race to the title of Worst Transformers Movie has a new contender .
Lovers of all things explosions , visual effects marvels , and Autobots will be granted a wealth of all of the above , plus a few intriguing and unexpected twists . At a certain point it may start to feel like too much of a good thing , though .
Transformers : Age of Extinction has appalling dialogue , deplorable representations of women , un-self-aware action sequences , very little humour and racial stereotyping . In other words , it 's a Michael Bay movie .
Imagine a little boy , playing with his Transformers in front of a mural that he 's created from clippings of his favourite films . Now give that boy a couple of hundred million dollars ; voilà .
The bloat of this latest entry -- at 165 minutes , the longest of the lot -- suggests that Michael Bay and his team are struggling to rejuvenate the whole premise .
Who cares if the human characters are even more dispensable and the plot even more scattershot than usual ?
For audiences seeking the same polished , vacuous grand scale spectacle that has become synonymous with both the series and its director , Transformers : Age Of Extinction gives the series a new lease of life .
You know what you 're in for if you buy a ticket , and Bay seems determined to wear you down with the biggest craziest ` Transformers ' movie yet .

@highlight

With the fourth installment in Michael Bay 's blockbuster Transformers franchise , nothing is in disguise : Fans of loud , effects-driven action will find satisfaction , and all others need not apply .