Sixty years later , Godzilla is still one of the baddest cats to grace a movie screen .
It 's ultimately rather difficult to discern why Godzilla has amassed a reputation as a classic of the genre ...
This is a movie about the devastation experienced in Japan during the war . It just happens to have a giant dino-monster in it .
It 's a terse , lean terror with a big , swinging tail .
Beautifully restored 2014 version titled `` Godzilla : The Japanese Original '' screened . Despite the film 's obvious and dated special effects , it remains a potent metaphor .
While the acting is hit-and-miss and the story jumps around somewhat confusingly , Honda 's film is a one-of-a-kind experience all the way through , one that stands the test of time better than I had expected .
Clever storytelling manages to confront tragedy from any number of angles , and sometimes swinging at it from the side can be the most affecting .
Honda 's satire is cutting , with several characters resigned to living with the threat of constant cataclysm .
Rarely has the open wound of widespread devastation been transposed to celluloid with greater visceral impact .
A masterpiece : even in its most generic elements , it 's never just a monster movie , but a fantastic depiction of how humans survive and struggle .
I would be surprised if any recent digital monster proves as malleable and as enduring as this great gorilla-whale -LRB- goriro + kujira = Gojira , AKA Godzilla -RRB- who created an entire genre .
This Criterion edition is the textbook definition of `` must-own , '' provided you 're a serious horror fan .
For all its rubbery fakeness and sometimes silly plotting , the film nevertheless cuts right to the bone of nuclear anxiety
I 'm waiting for the reboot that makes use of the meltdown at Fukushima Daiichi for its metaphorical roots .
Alternates between the majestic evocation of modernist shock and the primitivist illusionism of someone in a baggy lizard suit tearing through a diorama
one of the all time greatest monster movies
... surprisingly solemn and bitter . It is explicitly a post-Hiroshima nightmare writ large ...
A dark , deeply disturbing film with the specter of World War II and the atomic bomb hanging over nearly every scene .
a pioneering behemoth in the history of Japanese cinema , leaving giant footprints in its trail that many have followed but few have filled so impressively .
It 's exciting , sober , plausible and never unintentionally comic .
The special effects for this re-released 1954 film by Ishiro Honda may now look a bit creaky , but the storytelling is muscular and the post-nuclear parable it offers is passionate and fascinatingly ambiguous .
Por trás da história absurdamente divertida , o filme revela uma sociedade às voltas com o trauma da bomba atômica e a busca desesperada pela promessa de paz entre os povos .
Everything you have heard about Godzilla is true
Seen afresh in this cut , with Honda 's pulp poetry restored , this ballad of destruction reveals itself as one of the most exciting , enjoyable and moving of them all .
By today 's standards , this may feel rather dull and ponderous , but it 's actually a remarkably astute film .
A treasure that should remain buried to all but the most gonzo Godzilla followers .
It was n't until I revisited the first film in the series , which premiered in Japan on Nov. 3 , 1954 , that I realized how powerful a political statement it makes .
Honda may not have created the most convincing-looking monster in cinema history , but he managed to give his sci-fi/horror movie a social relevance , particularly in postwar Japan .
The rampaging reptile is back to remind us that monsters have meaning .
Maybe it 's 50 years late , but we 're finally getting to see Godzilla as it was meant to be seen .
Do we want a monster movie with a social conscience , or do we want to see a guy in a lizard suit smash model trains ?
Instead of a disjointed monster movie , this original Godzilla is a masterful statement about humankind 's monstrous abilities to inflict harm on itself and the world .
Rialto ... has done a commendable job of putting the picture back together , while adding fresh subtitles that occasionally mystify .
This is a bad movie , but it has earned its place in history , and the enduring popularity of Godzilla and other monsters shows that it struck a chord .
On the occasion of its 50th anniversary , this original version is having its first U.S. release , and fans will find it , if not quite the masterpiece some Japanese critics have proclaimed , at least a saner , more poetic film .
For the first time in this country , the original Japanese version of the first Godzilla film has been released , and it 's a revelation .
It 's intriguing to wonder how Japanese audiences responded to the film in the '50s , when the terrible super-weapons had only recently become a fact of life .
It 's less of a monster movie and more of a morality play about the dangers of nuclear experimentation .
Godzilla has never looked as good as in Honda 's original conception , and few sci-fi creatures have equaled the size or impact of its first footsteps .
The original Godzilla is quite a grave affair , making the link between the monster 's rampage and the nuclear destruction of Hiroshima and Nagasaki morbidly explicit .
On its fiftieth anniversary , Rialto Pictures rereleases the original , uncut Japanese version of `` Gojira '' and film geeks everywhere should rejoice .
The most emotionally authentic fake monster movie ever made .
A great boon to monster movie fans , but will have limited appeal to others .
Kudos to Rialto Pictures for making the effort to bring to light a true classic .
A pretty silly saga with some really , really cheesy special effects , the movie only works as a cinematic curiosity .
Political charge elevates Godzilla far above its reputation for cheesiness , but not so far that it should be mistaken for political satire .
Morally compelling aspects of Honda 's film lost to Americans are now restored .
There 's a surprisingly powerful thrust to this film .
Its images of the destruction of the cities is far more powerful than in American films , where the cities are trashed for the pure pleasure of destruction , without any real sense of human loss .
a movie way ahead of its time
Die-hard sci-fi geeks will love it ; everybody else will appreciate its display of the true power of the giant rubber monster suit .
An interesting exercise in nostalgia as well as an informative look at the origins of a sci-fi giant who 's stamped through nearly 30 films .
The original is different -LSB- in ways that -RSB- make it a clearly better film ... Still , the American recutting ... produced some arguably worthwhile qualities -LSB- not -RSB- in the original .
Can now be appreciated not just as a minor classic of tragic destruction , but also as a somber exploration of conflicted postwar emotions .
A collective metaphor and a collective nightmare , a message film that says more than its message , that captures , with a horrified poetry , the terrors that stomped through the minds of people 50 years ago .
Godzilla 's rampages are still intact , but they now have new meaning . The film builds to them and pays off after them , unlike in the American version .
Godzilla is back , and he still has something to teach us .
Godzilla is now more ` serious , ' yet its tone just veers closer to that of solemn American B-horror cheese like Them !
For today 's moviegoing audiences , this may not be your daddy 's Godzilla movie , but chances are your granddaddy could teach you a thing or two about the context .
As crass as it is visionary , Godzilla belongs with -- and might well trump -- the art films Hiroshima Mon Amour and Dr. Strangelove as a daring attempt to fashion a terrible poetry from the mind-melting horror of atomic warfare .
While the Raymond Burr version is unintentionally funny , the original Japanese-language version is actually a tedious bore . But the Big G is still the king !
A classic monster movie and a sombre reflection of Japan 's suffering in the wake of large-scale fire-bombings and atomic attack .
Japan 's classic monster movie in its original and better form .
Godzilla remains one of the most potent mythic structures of the 50s , and you get him here in full foot-stomping glory .
This is a film with some very nice visual imagery and it has become a favorite .






@highlight

More than straight monster-movie fare , Gojira offers potent , sobering postwar commentary .