Danny Boyle 's only great film featuring `` Who Wants To Be A Millionaire ? '' is an urbane , thoughtful fable of Lego-bright color , vast imagination and a stout belief in meaningful displays of humanity , charity and altruism without stooping to sermons .
if you 're a sucker for adorable , freckle-faced kids , you may not be able to resist the infantile wiles of this movie
A sweet film about struggling with loss , your faith , and family ...
A significant part of the film 's appeal emanates from Alex Etel 's amiable personality that glows through his performance of a boy attempting to live up to his greatest potential .
Sprinkled with a heady dose of magic realism , this film is lovely .
Enjoyable fluff .
This wonderfully original must-see film is a small miracle itself .
Touching and fearless .
Corrupted by a hideous paternalism .
Danny Boyle 's heart is in the right place and there are some fun moments , but it ca n't quite overcome its inherent flaws as a slightly over manipulated work
In sly , sweet and frequently funny terms , Danny Boyle pleads a compelling case for the fundamental goodness of mankind .
Director Boyle continues to genre hop but `` Millions , '' a quirky comedy punctuated by unnecessary digressions , nicely fits the `` childhood fantasy '' bill .
Um filme que faz bem à alma e ao coração .
A cute film , heartwarming to a fault , and a sure crowd pleaser .
Very engaging and charming and it is told with wonderful style and imagination .
I hesitate to say that this is a family film . That phrase too often conjures up , at least for adults , cutesy-poo animated features aimed squarely at the younger set .
Take your kids to see Millions and soak up one of the most wonderful British family films in years .
A subversive fable from one of the UK 's most engaging filmmakers , Millions sees director Danny Boyle transform a kiddie movie into a painfully accurate portrait of British consumerism .
One of the year 's most lovable and family friendly films .
Sends out icky messages about religious belief , morality and greed .
... One of the best family films in recent memory .
After Boyle establishes Damian , his family and his quirky new community , Millions really starts to lag . The imagination gives way to simple subplots .
It 's a classic fantasy set-up , which Boyle and Boyce turn into a beguiling comedy-drama full of memorable moments ...
-LRB- Millions -RRB- ... proclaims a heartwarming optimism about the joys and rewards of virtue and good deeds .
A modern fairy tale with imagination that dazzles kids and adult alike .
What makes Millions quirky is also what prevents it from genuinely immersing the viewer in the story .
The material does n't approach the sendup of grownup roleplaying in Catch Me If You Can .
Millions serves up enough touching emotional moments to coin its own richness , a respect for goodness in human nature .
... it earns its sweetness without stooping to sentimentality
While most of Millions takes place reality , the audience is invited into Damian 's imagination ... it becomes the movie that `` Finding Neverland '' should have been .
Millions is a kids ' movie that does n't talk down to its audience .
... Millions pulls off the neat trick of affirming that money ca n't buy happiness , even as it has a ball pretending that it can .
An edgy and endearing exploration of childish faith knocking against the hard and mysterious facts of a world ruled by grown-ups .
Directorially , it 's exciting . Emotionally , it 's engagingly warm , funny and magical -- without being gooey .
As a stylist , Boyle is something of an action painter , throwing images on the canvas of the screen and seeing what sticks .
Whatever one 's reservations about the film , young Etel is utterly , endearingly appealing as the gentle-souled Damien .
This winning low-key British yarn is told with real creativity and succeeds by developing characters and situations in an original way .
It gives its fanciful story some meaty context , and refuses to condescend to its audience .
-LSB- I -RSB- t is refreshing to consider th -LSB- e -RSB- windfall of wealth not as greed satisfied but with the innocence of a young child
Somebody forgot to tell screenwriter Frank Cotrell Boyce and director Danny Boyle that they were making a movie for kids . That 's actually a good thing .
It gets you to look at cardboard boxes , bank notes and , for that matter , Danny Boyle in quite a different way .
In the gospel according to Boyle , he sacrifices storytelling on the altar of eye-catching special effects . After deductions , Millions is only worth a few smiles .
Boyle demonstrates that a family film with a moral message must n't necessarily be a musty affair .
A nice little fable , ultimately not very profound but pleasant anyway .
That the director of Trainspotting can make something as sweet , wonderful and nearly perfect as Millions , is reason enough to believe in miracles .
Boyle resists easy sentimentality and amps up the fantasy and magic realism elements to make the proceedings feel , in the best sense of the word , like a modern day fairy tale .
The picture about two motherless boys and their unexpected cash infusion is visually inventive , funny , fantastical , poignant and dark around the edges .
-LSB- A -RSB- delightfully wise and surprisingly heartwarming morality tale .
... an endlessly whimsical and thoroughly delightful little fable ... -LSB- that transforms -RSB- potentially saccharine drivel into irresistible whimsy .
When Boyle is on , the movie is both heartfelt and joyous .
It conjugates a version of the loaves-and-fishes miracle from the Bible and , even with its flaws , turns out to be a minor miracle itself .
Imbued with a sense of optimism about the human spirit that is somehow real and uplifting .
Captures the moment when every kid must break free from it and start to become part of the significantly darker and less fun adult world .
That rarest of creatures : a family film -- one of surprising warmth -- that wo n't have adults reaching for an airsick bag .
Millions offers a deft mixture of reality and fantasy in unexpected places .
The plot meanders around rather longer than necessary , and there 's a limit to the number of smart-alecky saints one should have to encounter in a 97-minute period .
There 's grief here . And greed . But happiness , humor and hope as well .
Boyle confuses whimsy with gas .
A charming cash cow with cute twists to its tale .
Avoids sentimental kitsch and is vitally related to the movie 's low-key endorsement of faith , hope , and charity .
Leaves you feeling rich -- and richly satisfied .
A sweet tale , with just a few bittersweet edges , about children realizing what 's really of value in life .
A charming miracle of a family film .
Its miracles are the one-foot-in-front-of-the-other stuff of daily life , which makes it unique in a family film genre dominated by contrivance , treacle and sanctimony .
Precocious children discussing morality with saints are n't nearly as much fun as Ewan McGregor being nailed to the floor with a butcher knife .
Somebody give this guy the next Harry Potter movie , please .
The right balance between sweet and funny ? Or are the scales rigged ?
Reveals what it means to be truly spiritual in a world in which religion is too often used as a smokescreen for bigotry and intolerance .
More miscalculated storytelling than sympathetic interest in its contrived plot and precocious plotters .
suitable for the entire family and may well spark discussions between children and their parents about the right thing to do
It 's childhood done just right : part cotton candy angels , part gurning adult frighteners , and all wide-eyed kidhood bravado .
The saving grace of Millions is that it never for a second pretends that everyone can be saints .
One of those purely delightful children 's films that manages to be sweet without getting sticky and garner laughs without resorting to scatological humor .
Charming , warming fable .
A smart , and lively , family entertainment .
The best movie of the new year .
A sweet , witty , magical fantasy peppered with innocence and optimism .
One of the best children 's movies of recent years .
A delightful kids movie done from a kid 's perspective that alternates between feeling like a fable and a pop-up book .
It 's cute and touching . Who would have thought we 'd ever use those terms to describe a Danny Boyle movie ?
Millions remembers what it 's like to be a kid , and it picks up on the way kids tell stories , giving every element of the tale the same emphasis , so that miraculous things seem matter-of-fact and vice versa .
Millions of reasons why this is an endearing film - do n't miss any of them .
Surprisingly buoyant .
Sentimental without becoming sticky , with a cheeky undertone that helps to moderate the sweetness ... those who try it will probably be dazzled by the technique .
Embraces a kid-centric perspective without condescending to it .
Danny Boyle flaunts his diverse talent by tackling the lighter side of family values with infectious whimsy .
A charmer that oozes sophisticated imagery and an eccentric screenplay .
Unfortunately , it 's too cute for adults and perhaps too complex in premise for kids .
The movie , though quite funny in parts , turns organically dark , and it refuses to paint a picture of a cotton-candy world . It prefers the real one .
Witty , sweet and charming but never sappy .
This utterly enchanting British import manages to transport us to other worlds , some of them heavenly .
The best thing about Millions is the freckled , open-faced seriousness of young Etel 's Damian , a kid whose faith in goodness ca n't be bought .
Puts a new spin on the high energy of English director Danny Boyle .
A lovely and personal ` small ' movie that is perfect fare for the entire family .
A gentle illustration of that particular moment in childhood when the world begins to make its mark .
If you come away adoring the film , which is quite possible , you 'll do so by forgetting , perhaps unconsciously , the final act .
A family film of limitless imagination and surprising joy .
Visually arresting , seriously whimsical , and suffused with a dreamy yet sad awareness of where life falls short and imagination has to pick up the slack .
Weird , vibrant and charming family film .
Rich , rewarding , and deliciously entertaining
It 's funny , sweet , touching , and pure movie magic .
What 's -LRB- Danny Boyle -RRB- doing making a sweet , sentimental kids ' movie ? Virtually reinventing another genre , of course .
Maintains an infectious mix of wide eyes and street smarts that should appeal across the board . Coming out of the theater , reality looks a bit of a bummer .
One of the more delightful and satisfying family movies I 've seen recently .
Enchanting and existential , excelling on many levels , including spirituality
There are fantasy elements to Millions that couple nicely to Damian 's unshakable faith in his saints that make this a good film for older kids .
One of the most stylish and eccentric films about childhood dreams and heartbreaks that I 've ever seen .
It 's 2005 's first fiction film to deserve the word ` fantastic . ' Millions sends the audience out feeling like ... well ... a million bucks .
... the intent was clearly to show Boyle 's softer side . And for much of this film , softer is brilliant .
An incredibly sweet-tempered picture .
This is a perfect family film from someone who is n't known for that sort of thing .
Overdirected from its first frame .
Boyle is enough of a stylist to make it all passable .
This cheeky fable rests on the slender shoulders of Etel and McGibbon , and the lovely , natural performances Boyle elicits from them are the film 's real miracle .
It 's hard not to get swept up by the buoyant charm and scrappy wit .
Boyle wo n't disappoint his fans , which will more than likely commend him for trying something different from his previous projects
Give Boyce and Boyle credit for daring to be strange , but this enchilada is so overstuffed , it 's falling apart .
This is a family movie in the best sense ; it plays to children without talking down and to their parents without pandering .
A nice , if flawed bit of whimsy .
Dry Brit humor , fine acting and propulsive direction keep things from getting too syrupy .
Manages a sophisticated breakdown of global economies and national identity , filtered through a child 's brilliantly naïve perspective .
An inventive delight .
A rare , special family film : a parable rather than a morality tale ; a film that combines high ideals and hard realities ; a story of faith in something more than Santa Claus .
Provides a good place to show the relationships among childhood , innocence , and a natural-born tendency towards kindness .
The most challenging ` family entertainment ' you are likely to find .
... a bright , imaginative and warm-hearted children 's fable for kids with the patience to stick with it . Adults , however , may be let down by Boyle 's squishy story telling .
I 've only seen this sensitive but slyly subversive film once , and I am dying to see it again . Danny Boyle 's Millions is a modern classic .
Retains a conviction about what it 's doing that makes us believe and enjoy .
Danny Boyle -LRB- Trainspotting -RRB- has directed a heartfelt , emotionally delicate children 's movie about life and death and all the parts in between .
It 's a movie about family that family viewers will find good , quirky fun .
An intelligent children 's film that may prove to be a guilty pleasure for adults .
Warm , funny , weighty , wholly original , and even occasionally quite tense , Millions will open up the minds of both adults and children without talking down to them .
Millions is almost lyrical in the way it revels in this underage perspective , as if Boyle were living out his own money fantasies .
A sweet magical music box . Warm , slightly surreal , sincere .
Danny Boyle 's first family classic .
Boyle 's energetic pace and typically creative visuals suit the film 's fanciful brushes with magic realism .
Millions offers a tale of great heart that can be enjoyed by all but the youngest of children .
An enjoyable journey that warms the heart .
A quirky , heartwarming film with a terrific young star-to-be in Alex Etel !
Feels contrived .
Maintains a bankable charm and innocence even when overdrawn on the special effects side .
Here is the most endearing , charming , creative and spiritually uplifting movie since Amelia set our hearts swooning .
Who knew that Danny Boyle , the director of such dark movies as Trainspotting and 28 Days Later , could direct such a heartwarming story ?
Boyle is a master storyteller , with the ability to create gorgeous explosions of visual magic .
If you feel like being whimsically delighted , Millions can easily become a film you 'll cherish .
Sure to be Sally Struthers 's all-time favorite film .
Visually rich but it 's poor in logic .
... the bottom line is that this just is n't a terribly interesting story , despite the best efforts of everyone involved .
Boyle and Boyce bring a seriously askew sensibility to their work that never talks down to the kids .
A colorful , sappy update of Brewster 's Millions .
A simple tale told with sympathy for a child 's point of view .
It 's a simple and straightforward little tale , but Boyle brings such a vivid energy and heartfelt attitude to the narrative - this is a very difficult movie to dislike .








@highlight

A charming children fable even adults can enjoy .