One of the most entirely fun , entertaining of all Disney features .
It 's lovely . Surprisingly suspenseful , too .
This is flat-out one of Disney 's finest achievements , because puppies .
It may not be one of Disney 's more magical films , but it 's definitely one of the most flat-out entertaining .
The fact that 101 Dalmatians plays easily alongside both the oldest and most recent of Disney 's best is tribute to just how modern it was and continues to be .
Then and now , Disney fans of all ages have thrilled to the animation-ambitious sight of the titular pack , and chilled at the villainy of mad diva Cruella De Vil . -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB-
However much the film breaks with Disney tradition , it 's still a winning effort that mixes cuteness with dry wit in the service of a fast-paced , emotionally charged adventure tale .
Featuring a gripping story , beautiful animation , and an unforgettable villain , 101 Dalmatians remains one of Disney 's great enduring classics that has stood the test of time .
This loveable romp evokes a gloomy , starlit London of Georgian streets and quietly grand parks .
Lovable cartoon classic for all ages .
It is the wittiest , most charming , least pretentious cartoon feature Walt Disney has ever made .
good enough to merit repeated viewings . Particularly if you 're two .
What has truly kept 101 Dalmatians alive ... is Cruella De Vil herself , one of the most deliciously nasty characters in Disney 's oeuvre .
Capturing the essence of Dodie Smith 's wonderful children 's book , this unforgettable animation . It is one of my favourite animations of all time .
`` Cute and cuddly '' pretty much sums up this canine caper - once you get past the idea of a lady looking to make a coat out of dalmatian puppies .
The Platinum Edition -LRB- Mar 4 , 08 -RRB- has numerous bonus features , such as Virtual Dalmatians , which allows you to adopt , name , and care your own virtual puppy with 101 possibilities , and Puppy Profiler through which you can find out which do you 're most like
The definitive telling of an oft-told tale , Disney 's family-friendly animated adventure exhibits plenty of energy , wit and style .
Three hundred artists worked on this project for three years and came up with one of the best feature cartoons ever produced by Disney Studios .
While not as indelibly enchanting or inspired as some of the studio 's most unforgettable animated endeavors , this is nonetheless a painstaking creative effort .
For years ... `` 101 Dalmatians '' was my favorite . Looking back on it years later , it still is .
Cruella De Vil is so much a tour de force that she single-handedly snatches the movie away from any retroactive comparisons to post-classical Disney features whose sloppiness is the is their only saving grace .
101 Dalmatians holds up well after all these years and continues to provide some rousing good fun .
This was the last Disney animated feature -LRB- 1961 -RRB- that Uncle Walt lived to see through personally ; it ca n't be a coincidence that it 's also the last Disney animated feature of real depth and emotional authenticity .
Brilliant entertainment .
They do n't make them like this anymore ... unfortunately .
A rather clever idea , if a bit unsettling .
No offence to Glenn Close , but nothing quite compares with the original Cruella DeVille .
Grand Disney animated film that does n't have a bad spot in it .
Disney doggie classic is spot-on entertainment for kids .
One of Disney 's last true classics .
If there 's one thing that 's absolutely first-rate about the film , it 's the character of Cruella .
Dog-lovers , in particular , will go ga-ga for this , but this remarkably fresh and funny period tale -LRB- set in England , fact fans -RRB- has all the ebullience and lovability of its titular characters .
101 Dalmatians has a lilting , lyrical charm that few other Disney films achieve .
The canine crew seems more real and infinitely more likeable than the humans , and this story is an enjoyable today as it was decades ago .
As one of many delightful little aspects of the film , notice how the owners and their dogs look so much alike .
... despite flaws , we have constant admiration for the insanely-written plot .











@highlight

With plenty of pooches and a memorable villain -LRB- Cruella De Vil -RRB- , this is one of Disney 's most enduring , entertaining animated films .