Wonder Woman flips nearly every gendered superhero trope it encounters .
Bottom line : The movie is terrific , just the breath of fresh air Warners needs .
Wonder Woman sits , as she should , both with the pantheon of great heroes , as well as above it .
Wonder Woman is the superhero movie that I 've been waiting to see and , I suspect , after a string of critical failures the one DC wanted to make .
The script by is unusually introspective
Watching Wonder Woman felt like breathing out a sigh of relief .
I just really liked seeing a superhero that WANTS to be a superhero in a superhero movie .
It represents a clear-eyed view of the world .
There are some problems with pacing ... but the movie as a whole has a lot of good payoff .
Wonder Woman is a solid piece of work , well worth watching , and hopefully a harbinger of better things to come from DC in the near future .
Gal Gadot IS Wonder Woman .
A strong entry in the comic-book superhero action film genre , with a plot that 's compelling without being confusing , great special effects , strong villains , some inspirational ` girl power ' scenes , crisp pacing ...
-LSB- Gal -RSB- Gadot is particularly memorable as the lead character here .
First and foremost , this is a fun film from start to finish , with gorgeous visuals , an amazing score and perfect pacing .
... Wonder Woman is an improvement over the recent onslaught of oft-tedious comics-based movies .
I 'm confident Wonder Woman is one of the best superhero movies ever made . I ca n't wait to get back to the theater and watch it again .
It 's not difficult to see where this route is going , but that does n't make it any less enjoyable to watch . The simple power of love is the cornerstone upon which Wonder Woman is built . If it seems earnest , it 's because it is .
I felt empowered and I 'm not wonderful or a woman . You can view Wonder Woman and her first solo entry movie as a feminist icon , but honestly , it 's so much more than that . She inspires us all to be more caring and better to one another
It 's thrilling that Wonder Woman is enjoying the critical and commercial success that it is . But , in some ways it 's also unfair . There is more weight than one film by one director about one woman should bear .
Gal Gadot 's perfect blend of battlefield courage and uncomplicated compassion provides a formidable champion we have fun rooting for .
The Wonder Woman that we needed ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Wonder Woman Lives Up to the Hype
Wonder Woman is alive and in command in ways the other DCEU films can only dream about . It is , in short , heroic .
This is undoubtedly the strongest DCEU outing till now , one that will add a new world of -LRB- female -RRB- fans to the franchise , and for all the right reasons .
Gadot , who almost stole last years `` Batman V Superman : Dawn of Justice , '' is outstanding here as the Amazon goddess who not only learns about her destiny but that of her people .
-LSB- Chris Pine 's -RSB- chemistry with -LSB- Gal -RSB- Gadot is sparkling . But this is film is all about Wonder Woman . And Gadot looks like she was born to bring this legend to life on the big screen .
`` Wonder Woman '' just is n't that good of a movie
A ponderous film that contains the Michael Bay esthetic beneath a thin veneer of faux feminism .
Despite its flaws , Wonder Woman is every bit as epic as Batman v. Superman or Suicide Squad , yet has the humanity and emotion that those movies sorely lacked , despite being smaller-scaled .
It 's the film that might just turn Gal Gadot into a real film star . She 's touchingly good , bringing a genuine emotional depth to a part that , in others ' hands , could easily have none at all .
There is great pleasure in the matter-of-fact way Jenkins and Heinberg make points about chauvinism , sexism , and equality through pointed humor and practical examples , and how deftly Diana sweeps aside all attempts by men to dismiss her .
Amid stunning visuals , well-crafted action sequences and a decent plot , Gal Gadot 's nuanced performance speaks volumes .
DC Comics should send a huge thank-you hamper to Patty Jenkins .
... stands on its own as an action-packed , enjoyable piece of escapism .
While I 'm not a big fan of superhero movies , Petty Jenkins ' Wonder Woman proved to be entertainingly in its own unique way .
Wonder Woman is an exciting and welcome addition to the DC live action universe . She is strong and smart and capable-and also exceptionally beautiful , but it is the former qualities that are given the greatest focus .
The new Wonder Woman from director Patty Jenkins has an effective story , borrowing fictional archetypes while offering something original .
But this attempted revamp of the boys-club superhero genre dares to suggest that a person of conscience might put her invincible physical prowess to better use by seeking to end the carnage of warfare , not just fight to win .
Now that Wonder Woman 's backstory is finally on the books , let 's hope the filmmakers can come up with fresher installments in the future .
A correct film , effective , with some problems in its development , but it 's the most laudable that DC has done so far . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
All considered , director Patty Jenkins has crafted a film that is about to unexpectedly revive the maligned reputation of the DCEU on the big screen , and it could n't have arrived at a better time .
As befitting the genre , Wonder Woman is heroic and spirited . The fighting sequences are spectacular , and the story is engrossing , uplifting and fun . There 's even a bit of romance and humor amid all the action . -LSB- Full review in Japanese -RSB-
The No Man 's Land scene is everything , literally absolutely every last thing that every comic book movie should always be aspiring to .
Gadot claims star status , handling the title-character with charm , sincerity , finesse and a look that exudes beauty and good health .
More than a superhero movie , this is an adventure film , and a really , really good one .
Wonder Woman is not a `` woman 's movie , '' but an action film with incredible relevance .
Wonder Woman is a thrilling start .
`` Wonder Woman '' lifts the oppressive darkness that has been the signature of the DC universe since Christopher Nolan 's Batman trilogy - both tonally and visually .
Gal Gadot has a talent for making every experience feel like it 's her first - which , in Diana 's case , it often is . She is remarkably alert . Her eyes and her face are always open ; she 's always receiving , learning , responding .
This adaptation is very exciting .
Our heroine leaps through the air , spinning like an arrow , but the action has so little weight , emotional or otherwise , that one feels nothing .
an exuberant fantasy with a genuine conscience that stands apart from so many other similar films in its willingness to embrace goodness , decency , and an unironic belief in the power of love
If superheroes are supposed to be heightened versions of ourselves at our brightest and darkest points , then it is no wonder women are appreciating this character on screen ... recognizing such duality in their own lives : that of object and agent .
-LSB- Wonder Woman is -RSB- hugely entertaining and provides a gripping origin story for the iconic female superhero .
Until the battering finale , production designer Aline Bonetto and Jenkins focus the action so that even in the ravages of no-man 's - land , the sound and fury signify something .
A great accomplishment of its director Patty Jenkins , who shows that it has the necessary talent to take care of a blockbuster of this size . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The most obvious issue here is an absurdly , needlessly overlong running time of 141 minutes -LRB- ! -RRB- ...
A film that has values that are interesting enough and different from the rest to make us smile . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A well-intentioned film that in an age of cynicism dares to recapitulate the importance of the primeval ideal of a superhero : the discovery of inspirational models and escapism . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
So we have the formula : a good character , good sequences of action and a good story . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Wonder Woman is not just exciting to watch -- she Wonder-fully undermines DC Comics ' endorsement of vigilante justice and glorified bloodshed .
That optimism -LSB- is -RSB- what makes Diana Prince a real superheroine , and it 's that vision that makes Wonder Woman a movie that really thrills . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The film is full of `` you go , girl '' moments designed to please the genre 's long-neglected female demographic . Yet Diana seems far more confident than the film 's director , Patty Jenkins ... as a narrative the film is over the shop .
` Wonder Woman ' is good , but not as much as I expected after so much praise . Maybe that 's why I 've focused more on its weak points when the truth is that I came out quite satisfied to see it . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film with a magnificent period recreation , a fantastic staging and an exiciting climax . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Wonder Woman is n't placating audiences with its representation . It 's using that opportunity to address larger injustices . It may not be perfect , but it 's an encouraging step in the right direction .
Breathes life into a dying cinematic genre .
Wonder Woman is easily the best DCEU movie so far and the best superhero movie since The Winter Soldier .
It 's two-thirds of a terrific picture , and I 'm hard pressed to think of a recent movie I was enjoying so much that s ** t the bed quite as spectacularly as this one does .
Wonder Woman is a `` suspension of disbelief '' movie .
We should n't underestimate the opportunity the film faces : to be a feminist rescue mission .
One of the few superhero movies to pass the Bechdel test with flying , bullet-deflecting wrist bracelets .
What really makes the film , however is Diana 's spiritual journey . Coming from an isolated , simplistic society into the greater world , she discovers for herself the complex , diverse nature of people . This spiritual journey is one worth taking .
Wonder Woman moves like a '40s adventure story at times , with a hero-or in this case , heroine-realizing there is a greater sense of duty and service that calls for her to take her head out of the sand .
As boring and flavorless as a three-day-old grilled cheese sandwich that 's been left out in the sun , `` Wonder Woman '' is yet another reminder that the superhero genre is a lost cause .
`` Wonder Woman '' is sturdy . It 's expensive . Its star , Gal Gadot is winning and hard-working . And yet , what 's up on screen is dutiful and derivative and , frankly , a bit dull .
DC Comics gives us a heroine to follow and applaud . Gal Gadot combines beauty , intelligence , ingenuity and the tenacity of a compassionate warrior in her princess Diana . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Wonder Woman is a deeply sincere superhero film , but not in a self-important way .
Hits the superhero sweet spot between new and familiar , funny and exciting , romantic and heroic .
When Trevor insists on traveling to England to consult with ` the men ' he says are in the best position to end the war , Diana 's response obliterates the gender gap : ` I am the man who can . '
Flashback lurches into tedious flashback , while in the interim , blurs of jerky , chopped-up action and CGI explosions fill the spaces where you might have hoped for credibly choreographed battles .
Here , DC gets its first good movie . Jenkins has come up with a star that can hold the attention of the audience better than any superman stuffed with steroids . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
In short , Wonder Woman is a wonder .
Jenkins rises above the pressure and brings a solid , interesting and humorous story to life . Wonder Woman brings light to the darkness of the DCEU , literally and figuratively .
Gadot and Pine -LSB- mine -RSB- their characters for the kinds of small but meaningful moments that most superhero movies would kill for .
`` Wonder Woman '' is a superhero movie , and it fulfills the heroic and mythic demands of that genre , but it 's also an entry in the genre of wisdom literature that shares hard-won insights and long-pondered paradoxes of the past with a sincere intimacy .
I love her . I love her so much .
For Wonder Woman girls can cheer without feeling a hint of fear . And guys can also shout ` Hooray ' when Wonder Woman saves the day !
Wonder Woman is a perfect reflex of its time . -LSB- Full review in Portuguese . -RSB-
As Wonder Woman , Gal Gadot cuts an iconic figure throughout , each purposeful stride a symbol in motion .
Gadot carries the movie by combining the charisma of a demigod with the personability of Indiana Jones ; even when she 's fiercest , empathy and humor are never far away .
A long , long overdue movie , given our taste for superheroics , Wonder Woman deserves to be a hit . All the things that go right here overwhelm the few that do n't .
Just fantastic from top to bottom ...
Although the film follows a somewhat traditional script , it also deviates -- because superheroing while female is a radical act .
A movie with a good romantic rapport by Gadot and Pine , a solid secondary cast and a dramatic idea contained in Allan Heinberg 's script . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Patty Jenkins brings a refreshing clarity to -LSB- Wonder Woman -RSB- , a productive mix of gravitas and winking .
There are too many villains , none of them dramatically strong enough to be much of a threat , and the most interesting characters get killed off too soon .
Beauty , strength , goodness , bravery : These are your values , and here is how your values must look .
This is a proper introduction to a superhero who was brought on so lamely in Batman vs. Superman , and the good outweighs the bad here , on balance .
The film is successful for what it is because it 's directed by a woman . It 's worth considering the nuclear-grade disaster this could have been with a guy at the helm .
Everything about this joyful , sincere origin story feels like a retort - a very welcome and much needed one - to traditional male-centered superhero stories .
From the powerful confidence of -LSB- Gadot 's -RSB- action scenes to moments of emotion and comic relief , it 's already near impossible to imagine anyone else in this role .
Jenkins tries not only to include men on Wonder Woman 's side but also to make male viewers feel better about a woman saving them .
Gadot 's Princess Diana is the full nascent-superhero package : youthful idealism , a body so perfect you 'd swear it was a special effect , and some mystical backstory for a third-act revelation .
The action is solid enough and the effects , of course , are impressive , but the -LSB- Wonder Woman -RSB- lacks imagination .
This elaborate and expensive epic is worth it for star Gadot .
By the time we reach the Western Front with Trevor 's rag-tag secret agent squad , Patty Jenkins has so deftly juggled period rom-com and epic fantasy elements that even trench warfare barely dampens the momentum .
With strong characterisation from a largely committed cast , coherent action and a rare confidence in its mise-en-scène , Wonder Woman is a comic book movie the way they should be done .
Wonder Woman provides an example of female power that the world needs . Both girls and boys need to see women on-screen just as powerful , if not more powerful than men .
Wonder Woman has come to save us from ourselves in her long , long , long overdue cinematic debut . And in the best news of all , the wait was worth it .
Wonder Woman is a positive symbol , but the ideology of the movie itself is fuzzy and somewhat disappointing .
`` Wonder Woman '' is a great action movie , full of adventure and light drama , similar to films like Christopher Reeve 's `` Superman '' . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Top action choreography , a fine cast and a side order of fish-out-of-water camp that director Patty Jenkins serves next to wartime derring-do and Diana 's gritty grace is why it succeeds .
An elegant but intellectually timid film .
Jenkins and screenwriter Allan Heinberg have created an unassailable icon , one who fits into the pantheon with ease , and stands out like no other .
DC finally breaks its long losing streak with a satisfying effort - and all it took was changing absolutely everything -LRB- Splice Today -RRB-
Wonder Woman does n't walk away from her first film unscathed , but Jenkins mostly gets it right , focusing on grandeur , virtue , and sheer butt-kicking excellence , supporting a hero who 's truly heroic .
Wonder Woman is a damned good superhero movie , because it remembers to just be a damned good movie .
Here , in her own surroundings -- and playing with contrivances that include the character 's magic bracelets and Lasso of Truth -- Gadot truly appears to be a legitimate movie wonder .
Unlike most silly fantasy superhero movies , this one is not set in a fictional locale with fictional characters . No , it 's Wonder Woman winning WWI ! It is the same intellectual diarrhea of all the others , only worse , minimizing the horrors of WWI .
What stands as the film 's most surprising revelation is how timely `` Wonder Woman '' feels at moments when approaching themes of war and human kind . It taps into a sensitive spot that speaks volumes today .
`` Wonder Woman '' gracefully ascends into the arena and defiantly delivers a stylish , funny adventure made with heart . After the genre shaking `` Logan '' and the genre redefining `` Wonder Woman , '' there 's only one thing left to be said : your move Marvel .
A superhero origin story infused with the spirit of feminist adventure , and told with smarts , heart , and a different point-of-view .
No matter how the `` fairy tale '' really happened . Some unknown named Gal Gadot was chosen for instant stardom . And she deserves it ! Director Patty Jenkins was finally released from Hollywood jail .
This Wonder Woman will be inspirational to a new generation of young girls looking for a role model who is both physically strong and endlessly compassionate at the same time .
... smartly feminist without making too big of a deal out of it .
After the offensively stupid Batman v Superman : Dawn of Justice and Suicide Squad , Wonder Woman feels nothing short of revelatory .
In common with Diana , there is a genuine wonder at work here . We rediscover the tropes of genre through her questioning eyes . And for once , the comic-book movie almost seems fresh again .
Wonder Woman 's relative innocence and absolute conviction make for an endearing and formidable hero .
The final big action sequence , as now seems always to be the case , is a messy and overwrought CGI extravaganza . But at least the movie that precedes it involves actual characters-likeable ones , even ! - exhibiting recognizable human emotions .
Wonder Woman is a very likable movie . But it was also a very likable movie when Marvel made its kissing cousin , Captain America : The First Avenger .
Wonder Woman is the right movie at the right time -- and for all the right reasons .
Loved Gadot . The script and supporting actors/characters not so much .
Wonder Woman is the most refreshing comic book movie in years , if not ever . Smart , witty , fun and Gal Gadot shines along with Chris Pine .
As a period piece made in the spirit of an old-fashioned matinee , Wonder Woman -LRB- like the first Captain America -RRB- does not have to exhibit the insistent , grim-faced dystopianism that afflicts the recent Superman/Batman movies .
To be honest , the fight scenes go on too long and the CGI is laid on a bit thick . It is n't necessary . Gadot 's magnificent heroine is enough of a wonder woman in her own right not to need it .
Visually dazzling pop culture superhero movie .
It only took two women to right a ship that dozens of male D.C. executives , writers and directors , have tried their damnedest to sink .
Jenkins and company understand superheroes should have a purpose other than brooding .
The beautiful message of Wonder Woman is that attributes commonly associated with women - compassion , empathy , and protectiveness - are the most awesome superpowers of all .
While the film descends into the usual pyrotechnical showdown late on , it 's watchable , well made and not excessively violent overall , which should make it suitable for older children .
Finally , DC got it right -- Wonder Woman is a thrill ride that 's entertaining from beginning to end .
-LSB- It 's -RSB- surprising to watch the dynamic shift in performance she delivers throughout the film , as the naive and optimistic Diana is slowly faced with the undeniable darkness in mankind . Perhaps most importantly , Gadot is also -LSB- funny -RSB- .
Wonder Woman does something special : It gets real . In a genre sometimes overly fond of black-and-white heroes and villains , this film forces its heroine to confront moral grays .
After her long struggle to the big screen , Wonder Woman makes the most of her first solo effort .
is wondrous -- an origin story about a superhero not driven by loss and vengeance but an innate sense of what 's right .
It has some resemblance to Captain America : The First Avenger -LRB- 2011 -RRB- , but Jenkins does n't fall into the propagandistic discourse of saving America , but focuses on nurturing , humanizing and affirming the leadership of his heroine . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A -LSB- n -RSB- armoured shoe-in for the most pleasantly stunning feature of the summer -LRB- or year for that matter -RRB- , Wonder Woman is everything you could have ever expected from a Wonder Woman movie .
Invests Princess Diana with possibly the most genuinely heroic characterization of any modern cinematic superhero .
An entertaining film with a more sincere , heartfelt and sympathetic energy than its peers - of the best that DC has created in its bewildering attempts to imitate the Marvel model . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's no small relief that ` Wonder Woman ' is a decent piece of pop art , messy and unsuccessful in spots , yes , but engaging nonetheless , and an almost incalculable improvement on its predecessors in the `` DC Extended Universe . ''
Sorry boys . Wonder Woman is the hero the DC universe deserves , and the one it should believe in .
Wonder Woman is a great yarn , done very well .
Wonder Woman embraces issues of female power and the need to turn from hate to love , war to peace in a mainstream delivery system . And the female lead is not solely a mother , sister , girlfriend or hooker , however gold her heart : wonder of wonders !
I 've got no subtweet with Wonder Woman , ninety percent of its running time being nothing less than sharp moviemaking . Yet the true and lasting fun will be to witness its eddying cultural influence upon younger generation
Wonder Woman gives this long-ignored heroine the coming-out party she truly deserves .
With a story that moves at a steady clip and action that threads the needle between realism and supernatural exaggeration , Wonder Woman is the arrival of a hero for all of us , but young women in particular .
Boldly optimistic , this action-packed adventure breathes fresh life into the DC universe with a welcome balance of comedy , flirtation and a sense of righteous justice .
It 's impossible to imagine a better Diana Prince/Wonder Woman than Gal Gadot in Patty Jenkins ' lively Wonder Woman .
Wonder Woman is a great movie by any measure , but it 's at its best when it embraces and embodies the universe-defying potential inside the heart of every little girl .
Wonder Woman downplays Diana 's pursuit of destiny in the fight against evil ... Diana , like her introductory movie , has childlike enthusiasm but no passion .
Gal Gadot 's Wonder Woman gets a chance to shine in her own Hollywood movie . Gadot makes a pretty fine job of it too , bringing a bit of soul and empathy to the proceedings , but sometimes it 's more despite than because of the production surrounding her .
The film puts in much simpler words the human and feminine -LRB- even feminist -RRB- discourse already seen in The Force Awakens with Rey , who , like Diana , has to sacrifice , fight and learn before reaching the final goal . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Jenkins delivers Wonder Woman 's origin story and although it 's uneven and overlong it finds humor , humanity , and an appealingly old school sense of honor in its title character .
If Wonder Woman is a sign of what is to come from DC , it 's a very good sign .
The action is crisp and thrilling , but more importantly , it 's meaningful ... In fierceness and sheer badass fighting prowess , Wonder Woman is a match for the other heroes in her franchise . But in courage and certainty , she tops all of them .
A satisfying and heroic film that does n't pretend or prove to be anything more . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Jenkins delivers a superhero movie that 's better than those helmed by her male predecessors who were n't Richard Donner or Christopher Nolan .
From start to finish , Wonder Woman is an origin story that is faithful , thoughtful , and streaked with exciting action and impressive stunts .
I was waiting for Gadot . Now that she 's arrived , she was all the Gal I could have hoped for ... Jenkins creates a hero who loves without fear . She understands the difference between Wonder Woman and the spandex heap of extraordinary others .
`` A trailblazer and a gamechanger . ''
It 's overlong at 141 minutes and suffers from too much origin story exposition and middling CGI effects , but it has a frisky , friendly spirit that perfectly aligns with its wide-eyed lead actress , Gal Gadot .
Have no doubt , this movie does Wonder Woman justice , as well as her fans .
Wonder Woman has what many other action films -LRB- and superhero films -RRB- are missing : talented , chemistry-cast leads ; exciting action ; and thrilling villains to antagonise our heroes .
If you can forgive the ending , like I have , and love Diana for her inspiring character , the righteousness of her spirit and also the mad slo-mo action , this film will lasso you right in .
Smart , funny and tremendously exciting .
Patty Jenkins ... working from a surprisingly deft script from Allan Heinberg , has gone and given us a Wonder Woman with a lot more than WW 's bulletproof forearm bracelets on its sleeve .
Engaging , entertaining , empowering superhero adventure .
It means so much , especially in today 's world , to watch a woman who is allowed to be naïve , curious , sensitive , and strong save the day .
It 's disappointing because Wonder Woman deserves better .
`` Wonder Woman '' is a thing of hope and beauty ; it 'll give you a lump in your throat and make you want to cheer .
It 's a great superhero movie by any yardstick . But , more significantly , it 's a great Wonder Woman movie , capturing the compassion and optimism that sets her apart from her brooding fellow SuperFriends .
Gadot is a gift to a genre that was long past the point of beginning to feel seriously depleted .
While it is not the best superhero movie I 've ever seen , it 's one I wish had been around when I was a young comic book nerd , and one I hope every girl , nerdy or not , gets to see .
Gadot is hugely appealing in the role . She and Jenkins have leaned toward Christopher Reeve 's first Superman as a model for how to play the role : strong but innocent , a fish out of water .
Many big ideas are juggled , and while the story does n't exactly drop them , it does flail about a bit . Still , Jenkins has an eye for moving moments , Gadot is great fun to watch , and there 's genuine visual panache to be found amid the combat and comedy .
This is the first DC Comics movie that mostly has the look , feel and energetic aura of a Marvel film . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Profanity , Sexual Content , etc. - also Available -RRB-
Wonder Woman is a different kind of superhero film .
Wonder Woman is a fresh , invigorating entry into the superhero film genre that finally lets a woman take center stage-and the results are excellent .
Gadot radiates the goodness without sentimentality or wide-eyed winsomeness . Supergirl she ai n't . SuperGal she certainly is .
The real strengths of this production are its lead actors , the period piece setting , and an unexpected emotional resonance that one does n't expect from a popcorn movie .
When ` Wonder Woman ' is good , it is compellingly fun . But when the Amazonian warrior is shown for the 37th time in mid-air , slo-mo battle pose , it is a yawner .
The most fun I 've had at the theater so far this year .
Do n't be fooled . `` Wonder Woman '' may look like just another superhero movie -- but it 's not . It 's a tour-de-force by Gadot , not to be taken lightly .
Gadot more than lives up to the challenge , and is as good at delivering her lines as she is handling a magical lariat .
Enthralling , suspenseful , thrilling and refreshingly witty . A much-needed breath of fresh air . Bravo to Patty Jenkins ! Note to Hollywood : please hire more women to direct blockbusters .
In a movie filled with striking imagery and visual effects , one of the most empowering shots is of Diana emerging out of the trenches , ready to fulfill her destiny and rewrite received Hollywood wisdom on a woman 's place in the movies in the process .
Gadot 's contribution to the film can not be understated . She brings a sense of innocence and conviction to the role that 's reminiscent of Christopher Reeve 's approach to the Man of Steel in `` Superman : The Movie . ''
Wonder Woman is funny , exciting and fun , but more importantly , it 's touching and inspiring . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Within its clichés and action sequences with inexplicably outdated effects , the film tells a solid story of maturity . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
I have missed heroism in the big screen like Patty Jenkins and Gal Gadot 's Wonder Woman . Pure , without cynicism nor sarcasm , full of goodness , wanting to do the right thing . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The only wonder regarding this movie is that it could be so incredibly dull . I keep hoping DC will find a key to unlock the magic inherent in its great cast of characters .
Wonder Woman , director Patty Jenkins ' immensely satisfying origin story of the Greek Amazon warrior reared on a mist-shrouded isle , boasts the nonchalant humor and heroics , if not the breakneck pace , of Raiders of the Lost Ark. .
Gadot does succeed , against heavy odds , in creating a fresh figure of heroic morality and might , engaging an audience with an earnest character 's discovery of herself and the world .
Wonder Woman has action , humor and heart , as well as strong performances across the board , especially from Gadot and Pine .
There is an engaging , old‑school feel to Wonder Woman , a film that has some of the sincerity and charm of the early Christopher Reeve Superman epics .
Patty Jenkins proves what a talented director can do with a superhero movie . She and Gadot also contribute touches that only women can .
An origins story that 's earnest yet fun and exciting without being grandiose .
Gadot ... exudes superhero charisma , which powers her through a clichéd last chapter .
The balance is tipped toward the positive by the fact that the plot rattles along merrily , taking us from the wilds of Themyscira -LRB- Paradise Island for us old-timers -RRB- to wartime London , the trenches of Europe and more .
It 's a bird ... it 's a plane ... it 's a DC movie that does n't crush your soul .
Wonder Woman might not be the greatest thing ever , but it is a damn fine film , and full admission : I spent a good chunk of it honest-to-God misty eyed .
What makes Wonder Woman work so well is the character of Diana herself , who 's written and performed with the kind of emotional intelligence that 's rare in these kinds of films .
Suffering Sappho ! Patty Jenkins ' `` Wonder Woman '' is that rarity : a superhero movie with a heart .
Gal power whips up a roaring adventure .
Gadot and Jenkins convey a much-needed sense of excitement and adventure to a group of movies that seemed to be suffocating on their own gravitas .
Wonder Woman is a cut above nearly all the superhero movies that have been trotted out over the past few summers .
Remember when superhero movies were fun ? `` Wonder Woman '' does .
With one talented woman in front of the camera and another behind , the film blazes an amusing proto-feminist path .
Except for the title , Patty Jenkins 's big-hearted blockbuster does n't use the name Wonder Woman . Wonder Woman is singular . Wonderful women are manifold , and hopefully they 'll fill theaters alongside some wonderful men
This is a movie about battling evil that pauses to ask what evil is and whether it 's necessary to understand its nature in order to defeat it .
The film 's strengths far outweigh its flaws , combining moral and emotional authenticity with superhuman stunts and a lively sense of fun : everything you want from a PG-13 superhero movie . It also feels undeniably fresh .
There 's so much to like about Patty Jenkins ' long-awaited Wonder Woman that I understand those who 've gone off the deep end praising it .
So when are Jenkins and Gadot teaming up for the next installment ? We ca n't wait .
Filled with the kind of humor and earnestness that -LSB- the last couple DC films -RSB- were criticized for lacking , Wonder Woman is an absolute joy to watch , thanks in large part to its two leads .
Wonder Woman succeeds because it understands the character . Not only that , it lets her shine in an origin story that may hit familiar beats at times , but is driven by great character work , a clever script and two great leading performances .
Finally .
Powerful , empowered and driven by purpose , Wonder Woman is the superhero movie we need right now . It 's also a blast of summer-movie entertainment that should charm fangirls and fanboys alike -- along with anyone who likes having a good time .
In a world of comic-book movies populated with sarcastic , jokey superheroes dropping witty one-liners with every move , Wonder Woman is a blast of fresh air -- an earnestly heroic character bringing goodness and love to a violence-ravaged world .
This latest entry into the DC Comics world is only partially successful before eventually succumbing to genre fatigue .
The character of Wonder Woman enters the almost exclusively male domain of DC comics movies ... Under this pressure , Jenkins comes through with a work that radiates confidence and sangfroid .
Fuel up the Invisible Jet . You 're in for a ride .
We can overlook how the third act yields to the blows-up-good formula of blockbuster franchises . For now , let 's just celebrate a superhero movie that runs on estrogen rather than testosterone .
The real success of the film is that Gadot is perhaps the cinema 's best-cast DC-style aspirational superhero since Christopher Reeve 's Superman .
The moviegoing world deserves the best that Hollywood can deliver , and this time we 've pretty much got it .
Unlike Batman v Superman or Suicide Squad , Jenkins ' film is n't about the heroes beating the villains - it 's about the humanity of its eponymous heroine .
Much credit should go to Godot , who can be alluring , tough , goofy and sweet all in the same take .
What makes this a must see for fans of superhero movies is the performance of Israeli actress Gal Gadot as Wonder Woman . This is a star-making turn ...
Wonder Woman is good . Not great , but good . And really , after Man Of Steel , Batman V Superman : Dawn Of Justice and Suicide Squad , that 's all it needs to be .
It 's so great to see a film pay off in a way that will please both its hardcore fans and a general public that has been clamoring for it for decades .
The best DC film since The Dark Knight .
The movie does drag a bit during that midsection after Diana bids farewell to the Amazons , but it 's consistently entertaining , buoyed in no small part by -LSB- Gadot 's -RSB- presence , which makes the mythological seem possible .
The cinematic universe of DC Comics finally hits all the right notes -- bullets , bronze , and mustard gas included -- in what for any other superhero would be a distinctly Marvel origin story .
-LSB- A -RSB- torpid , overlong DC Comics epic ... puts the first world war on a baking tray for the latest cook-till-crisp superhero flick .
This film makes the character one of the more engaging , empowered , and empowering of the recent crop of super-powered heroes . It 's a pretty good movie , too .
Gadot proves she is worthy of Wonder Woman 's tiara , but the superhero deserves a great film , not one that 's just better than the others .
The only grace note in the generally clunky Wonder Woman is its star , the five-foot-ten-inch Israeli actress and model Gal Gadot , who is somehow the perfect blend of superbabe-in-the-woods innocence and mouthiness .
Hopeful , empowering , and enormously entertaining , Warner Bros. . Pictures ' Wonder Woman is the feature film this iconic female superhero deserves .
Even in its weaker moments , Wonder Woman honors the scale of a superhero who stands alongside Superman and Batman in the DC lexicon , but has never had a vehicle worthy of her .
For roughly half of its nearly two-and-a-half-hour running time , ` Wonder Woman ' is a better-than-average superhero movie ; a pity it falls off so precipitously in the last act .
A Wonder Woman film that is inspiring , hopeful , blistering , and compassionate , in ways that honor what has made this character an icon .
She 's fearless , whip-smart and she 's just saved the Universe . After three false starts , director Patty Jenkins has delivered the first great film in the DCEU .
Taken just at face value as a superhero movie , Wonder Woman is one of the best in its class , matching some of the better efforts in a genre that Marvel has dominated for years .
Never reinvents the superhero origin story , but it hits all the familiar beats with enthusiasm and style .
Wonder Woman is grandly entertaining , offering up a hero whose sincerity reveals a sense of decency and self-sacrifice our modern world could use to learn a little from .
An enjoyable adventure because of its two strong leads , its effortless tonal shifts and its aversion to narrative traps .
Wonder Woman is easily one of DC 's best movies , but it also belongs in the conversation of best comic book origin movies period .
It 's a winner ! Every bit the Amazonian warrior princess , Gal Gadot leaps onto the screen in a smartly written girls ' own superhero adventure with an appealing mix of action , romance , humour and spectacular effects .
At long last : we can rank a DCEU superhero movie over some of the best the MCU has to offer ... and actually mean it . Here 's all you need to know : Gal Gadot IS Wonder Woman .
She does not disappoint .
Wonder Woman is glorious .
Unlike lots of comic book movies , it feels like a work of passion and vision . I sense a filmmaker behind it , not a focus group .
`` Wonder Woman '' has raised the bar . Now let 's see if the boys can clear it .
What lingers ... is the feeling of hope that the movie brings , that it someday might be possible for female rationality to defeat male brutality .
Any hopes that Wonder Woman will sustain its appealing misandry are soon dashed .
Your daughters should love it -- and so should your sons .
Jenkins has succeeded where DC had thus far failed , and in that sense , Wonder Woman should be -LRB- and is being -RRB- hailed as a triumph .
Director Patty Jenkins and her collaborators have taken the well-worn superhero origin story and invested it with a rich , sometimes revelatory depth of feeling .
The best thing about Wonder Woman , the overlong and intermittently enjoyable new DC superhero spectacular , is Wonder Woman herself .
Every DC Universe movie so far has juggled themes of love versus duty ... But Wonder Woman is the first to suggest that love IS duty ; if you love at all , you must fight to preserve that in the world .
Gal Gadot 's performance has the poise and humor that conjures up memories of Christopher Reeve .
` Wonder Woman ' falls victim to over reliance on computer graphics and it 's too long . But that 's counterbalanced by a story grounded in real emotions and characters who inhabit a three-dimensional world , albeit a comic-book-inspired , fantastical one .
... the lone DC Comics project this century not directed by Christopher Nolan that delivers on its advance expectations .
Not just one of the better origin stories but one of the most hopeful , positive superhero movies we 've seen in a while .
Throughout Wonder Woman there is an earnestness in tone that plays well , and rarely as saccharine .
This picture tries so hard to avoid making a statement that it becomes the elephant in the room .
Director Patty Jenkins displays a deft hand contrasting the gentle beauty of Wonder Woman 's paradise island with the horror of the First World War . Her movie is mesmerizing , as she allows the audience to see the world through alien eyes .
Wonder Woman gives rising star Gal Gadot the chance to ... demonstrate her impressive skill set that includes a nuanced sense of humor , heightened physicality , dramatic gravitas and charismatic self-confidence .
To say Wonder Woman is a breath of fresh air would be an understatement to this purely joyful and vibrant ride of a story .
Get ready for Gal Gadot to become etched in the pop culture pantheon of strong women who can kick some butt , slay a few stereotypes and own a movie .
-LSB- Gadot -RSB- seems born to play the part . Her ragtag band of sidekicks are a huge breath of fresh air next to the usual super-hero super-groups we 're accustomed to .
Wonder Woman is a fun superhero movie that 's well worth checking out on the big screen .
The moral of the story , children , is that the world , of superheroes and mere mortals alike , is all the more better when there are more women around .
The major problem is its marathon duration of 140 minutes , way too long for a blockbuster noticeably bereft of sustained wow-factor spectacle .
Jenkins and Gadot did their level best to give us , within the confines of an unforgiving superhero universe , the Amazing Amazon that fans deserve .
Wonder Woman is a strong , at times even rousing , application of the superhero film formula , but it ultimately ca n't transcend the constraints of the genre .
Commanding and clear of vision , all the more electrifying because the time is taken to get to know , to understand , and to care about the people onscreen . Imagine that .
Jenkins does n't need to bludgeon us with pyrotechnics . The real fireworks of the `` Wonder Woman '' narrative are its powerful emotions .
Wonder Woman is a top-notch blockbuster , fun and fast and carrying quite a lot of the thematic heft that characterizes the dramatic ambition of the better DC Comics movies as against the more light-hearted Marvel efforts .
I blanched slightly at Wonder Woman 's almost two-and-a-half-hour running time , but the film raced by -- perhaps because every cliché was subverted by the freshness of a female lead .
Patty Jenkins and Gal Gadot deliver in Wonder Woman the necessary superhero movie these days . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Wonder Woman is spectacular .
A smart , exciting , politically aware origin story .
... an old fashioned super hero movie . There 's nothing wrong with that , of course , but I do n't think my strongest impression was supposed to be ` Robin Wright really kicks ass . '
I have to admit , my heart soared . Wham , bam , thank you ma'am .
What 's best about the film can be summed up in two words : Gal Gadot .
It feels less like yet another installment in an endless sequence of apocalyptic merchandising opportunities than like ... what 's the word I 'm looking for ? A movie . A pretty good one , too .
Wonder Woman walks a different path . Her arc in the movie is n't discovering she has powers or that those powers demand responsibility . Her arc is showing that humanity , as deeply flawed as it is , is worth saving .
A sturdy origin story , this education of Miss Diana Prince , establishing her as a compassionate badass who consistently proves her bravery , strength , and commitment to justice .
Wonder Woman may be a step in the right direction when it comes to getting the DCEU on track , but it still falters in too many places to get itself up to an acceptable level .
The first film of the DC Extended Universe that does n't seem embarrassed by its premise .
Far from flawless , but ` Wonder Woman ' is arguably the best DC comic book film since ` The Dark Knight . ' So , bow down to the Princess .
A rousing adventure yarn , shorn of the usual fanboy mythos .
Wonder Woman more than shoulders the weight of our expectations , and dazzles us with brilliant kick-ass action and * shocker * heart that her male counterparts could n't hope to match .
Jenkins -LRB- and Gadot -RRB- particularly excel in the action scenes , because when Wonder Woman first runs across the battlefields in her costume , you are immediately won over .
A silly and derivative genre picture that lightly carries an empowering feminist topicality
The film 's two major strengths come down to the two most important ingredients - cast and story .
It 's much , much better and more thoughtful than -LSB- other superhero films -RSB- ; its depiction of heroism and humanity , more complex . Most importantly , it 's a great time at the movies . More like this , please .
There are some moments of bold storytelling , and the focus on humanity , morality and love is an unusual and welcome theme in a superhero movie . -LRB- But do n't worry , it 's not all moralising - Diana still punches a lot of people . -RRB-
Wonder Woman is a game changer because it is not only the best film of the DCEU but one of the best superhero films ever made .
Witnessing such feminine power is mind-boggling and awe-inspiring , but wistful , too . It 's a shame that such instances are so rare to be exceptional .
With its nods to Richard Donner 's Superman and Chris Evans ' first outing as Captain America , Wonder Woman also exceeds expectations as an origin story with its First World War setting .
For all of Wonder Woman 's nifty weapons , the one that proves most indispensable is her chemistry with Chris Pine 's ultra-charismatic American spy Steve Trevor .
Patty Jenkins ' Wonder Woman is so super , you could almost forget how important it is . But I hope you do n't .
Wonder Woman has turned out better than the cynics expected , and has plenty of what fans were hoping for .
Her sincerity and compassion are her greatest super powers of all .
It 's an interesting take both on Wonder Woman and the genre in general , but as so many films like this do , it ca n't escape the siren pull of Big Dumb Action , with a CGI-laden climax that could be from any movie , so generic is the battle .
When Diana DOES spring into action , Wonder Woman rocks . It 's as if we 're learning exactly what she 's capable of at the same time Diana is discovering the depths of her powers .
Gal Gadot 's Wonder Woman was the best thing about the swampy Batman v Superman , and now her solo outing is the far superior film : Wonder Woman , directed by Patty Jenkins , elevates her from third wheel to real deal .
Gal Gadot is unstoppable and spectacular to see in motion . Watch her fly .
Gadot plays Diana in appealing fashion . For all her strength and prowess , she is an innocent , even comic figure , who simply ca n't understand the cynicism , politicking , and violence of the humans she encounters .
Director Patty Jenkins 's fight scenes are masterpieces of motion . Gal Gadot is majestic . Chris Pine is impossibly charming . And Jenkins has created a film that rightfully does justice to its legendary title character .
This is a moment 75 years in the making where the hopes and dreams of millions of little girls and adult women finally crystallize into one transcendent image that is proud , defiant , and a long time coming .
Wonder Woman is a decent but bland addition to the genre that truly shines only in comparison to the rotten DCEU movies so far .
A rollicking action adventure in the tradition of ` Indiana Jones ' , with a fully functioning sense of humour and the year 's most lip-smackingly evil baddie .
Welcome relief from the predictable skyscraper-levelling of the contemporary superhero adventure .
Wonder Woman is a winner , an immersive origin story with unexpected humor and epic action scenes . Gal Gadot proves she has the right stuff , every bit the feminist icon and hero fans deserve .
Entertaining and empowering , it 's the best in DC 's Extended Universe . Physically perfect , Gal Gadot is strong & sexy , statuesque & stunning .
-LSB- A -RSB- n electrifying , breathtaking cinematic achievement ... Amazing performances , pulse-pounding action , and outstanding visuals make it one of the best superhero movies of all time .
The DCEU 's game gets raised . Gadot is a godsend , Pine charms , and Jenkins delivers old-school thrills with heart and conviction .
You wo n't be disappointed in the slightest .
When it does get down to superheroine business , this latest DC Comics ` extended universe ' outing packs a decent punch and , in Israeli model Gal Gadot , introduces a star with real franchise potential .
Despite lulls in the overall narrative energy , there are real stakes and sacrifice , along with genuine heart and humor in this welcomely uncluttered tale .
Gadot turns out to be as perfect a fit for the iconic character as Christopher Reeve was for the Man of Steel .
It has a considerable amount of humor , which may not cause you to laugh out loud but sometimes triggers a smile . If it 's possible to describe a superhero film as likeable , this is that film .
Wonder Woman ends with a sequel on the horizon , that will certainly get made if the movie inspires little girls to ditch their Disney Princess regalia and learn to scare off creeps with the raise of an eyebrow , the Gal Gadot way .
Gadot turns in a terrific display as the titular protagonist , carrying an infectious sense of optimism and wide-eyed wonderment , while ensuring it never once cheapens her sheer power and ability to fight .
Gal Gadot has an adventure all her own - and all kinds of awesome - in Wonder Woman , a superheroine film brimming with majesty , action and heart .
Gadot was mostly one-dimensional and stoic in her 20 minutes of screen time in Batman v Superman , but here she is lively and exudes a sense of wonder .
The hero faces off against a seemingly insurmountable bad-guy-from-Central-Casting , throwing around what appears to be a range of fluorescent Photoshop-generated squiggly lines .
What 's striking about -LSB- Wonder Woman -RSB- is the movie 's sense of elated lightness .
A dynamic and original film we 're so thrilled for you girls and boys to see .
If Gal Gadot 's all-too-brief appearance in Batman v Superman was promising , she fulfills that potential and then some in Wonder Woman .
Gal Gadot 's Diana is her best performance to date , blending the kindness , power , and innocence needed for the iconic character .
Wonder Woman is a beautifully directed superhero movie origin that digs into Diana 's transformation from naive warrior to inspiring hero .
Praise be , does Wonder Woman ever kick ass .
Dawn Of Justice proved -LSB- Gadot -RSB- could handle the kicking and the punching . Here , she gets actual honest-to-goodness dialogue , and invests Diana with excitable exuberance , bristling defiance and a disarming belief in doing the right thing .
Strong , smart , sexy and downright super , this is the superhero blockbuster of the summer you need to see .
As witty and heartfelt as it is thrilling - a film that fangirls , fanboys and even those suffering from superhero fatigue can enjoy .
Where Wonder Woman excels is in the pure joy and spectacle of its roaring action sequences , which are conservatively deployed to maintain their power .
It is the sincerity and strength that radiate from Gadot that completely win you over in a solid , however implausible , script . Justice League ? Bring it on .
What Patty Jenkins is able to do with all of that is ground it in emotion and character , to make audiences smile and walk out of the theater feeling uplifted rather than exhausted . It 's the movie we 've been waiting for . Trust me .
It 's a film that not only improves upon many of the seemingly built-in shortcomings of superhero movies , but also mixes smarts , sentiment and adrenaline in the best Hollywood style .
In a genre where fanboy entitlement regularly calls the tune , Wonder Woman 's feminism feels like a rarity . Time will tell whether Hollywood -LSB- will be -RSB- in the thrall of a heroine addiction . But as the credits rolled , I was already craving another hit .
It gives us the kind of hero a lot of us fell in love with back in those 12-cent days of truth , justice and the American way - and the kind of movie we have n't seen since Christopher Reeve first flew into our lives .
Wonder Woman is leaps and bounds above the other three entries in the DCEU .
Like the heroine at its center , Wonder Woman the movie rises with powerful grace above the noise . It 's not perfect , but it 's often good , sometimes great and exceptionally re-watchable .
The film 's action is explosive and engaging , and a sequence where Diana ventures into no man 's land in the middle of a trench battle is stunning to behold .
Wonder Woman is smart , slick , and satisfying in all of the ways superhero films ought to be .
Gadot is entirely credible as the embodiment of Amazonian perfection , but there 's only so much emotion her concerted brow-furrowing can convey .
-LSB- Wonder Woman -RSB- is n't just a triumph for women , it 's a triumph , period . This is grand entertainment with rousing action , sparkling humor , a romantic streak and a titanium-strength debut from Gal Gadot in the title role .
Patty Jenkins ' Wonder Woman provides a welcome respite from DC 's house style of grim darkness with star Gal Gadot proving an inspired choice for this avatar of truth , justice and the Amazonian way .
Jenkins ' feature flips back through time to deliver an origin story that functions beautifully on its own while also bolstering excitement for the franchise 's future .
It 's a lot closer to ` Batman Begins ' than ` Green Lantern ' .
WONDER WOMAN brings a powerful voice to the summer blockbuster ; one filled with hope , inspiration and more than enough thrills to satisfy everyone .
This origin story , with its direct and relatively uncluttered trajectory , offers a welcome change of pace from a superhero realm that 's often overloaded with interconnections and cross-references .
Along with the first `` Iron Man , '' it 's the film you point to when you want to prove that this overly prolific genre is worth keeping around .
A bright , exciting film that manages to meld the more epic `` gods among us '' DC-style with moments of levity and pathos .
Seeing the Amazons training with beautiful ferocity , seeing women so powerful and skilled ... was a revelation .
Gal Gadot grabs the Lasso of Truth and the bracelets of infinite resilience to take center stage in Wonder Woman , director Patty Jenkins ' formidable and almost entirely successful bid to make the DC Comics movies a little less lame .
Wonder Woman is coming out at a good time . This is the movie a lot of us need right now and Wonder Woman is the hero we all kind of need right now .
One of the best superhero movies . Ever .
Wonder Woman offers a full cinematic experience from beginning-to-end , which helps it stand out from other films of its kind that worry more about what 's to come than the story at hand .
Exciting , romantic , and funny .
Wonder Woman is not only the best film in the re-birthed DC Film slate , but also a ground-breaking entry into the superhero movie cannon .
Molded by the mighty Gods , but as shaped by mere mortals Wonder Woman 's mettle and beliefs can only be so wonderfully divine .
Diana Prince 's solo film easily stands out as the best DC film since ` The Dark Knight ' , and ` Wonder Woman ' is a sign of great things to come in the DC Extended Universe .
Gadot 's portrayal of Wonder Woman is full of joy and completely without angst or cynicism . It 's a breath of fresh air and a total blast from start to finish .

@highlight

Thrilling , earnest , and buoyed by Gal Gadot 's charismatic performance , Wonder Woman succeeds in spectacular fashion .