... G-Force tries to captivate audiences , with mixed results . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
For its intended audience , G-Force is a winner . Only a shopworn plot keeps it from being a solid seven .
Possibly the first movie to imagine -- in 3D ! -- the comedic crime-fighting possibilities of small mammals that usually spend their days on hamster wheels .
Critic : Was there too many poo jokes ? 9 y.o. : Mmmm ... no .
For older viewers the jokes struggles to find a pay off and the frequent potty humour will even grow tiresome for the younger audience .
... an utterly worthless -LRB- and frequently unwatchable -RRB- piece of work .
When they 're not risking their lives with exciting spy maneuvers , Blaster works out to Lady Gaga and Juarez updates her Facebook page . Okay , so maybe G-Force is just a tad self-consciously ` hip . ' -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB-
The voice actors are accomplished but the fussy story is strictly for the tykes and teens , even if the writers work in a sexy tease in gopher fur , that tramp .
It is suitable for kids , and parents wo n't have to suffer much if they accompany the kids .
click for full review
The joke of cute animals hacking into mainframes and dodging explosions may not be enough to sustain a movie .
Billed as children 's fare , G-Force 's incessant action provides trainer wheels for youngsters soon to grow into the teens who have made Bruckheimer 's live-action films such moneyspinners .
Sometimes those are n't choc-covered sultanas in your hand after all , and G-Force is one of those times .
Believe in yourself is the motto of this sweetly madcap and amusing family adventure in which talking guinea-pigs turn the world upside down in order to save it . The execution is inventive and the cast works well .
Adults without kids may find their minds wandering even with the brief run time and those 3-D visuals .
The worst thing about G-Force is n't that the plot is so formulaic that the entire movie can be divined from the first 20 minutes or that it 's not particularly funny .
Disney -LSB- hates you and -RSB- wants your money .
It was n't a horrible movie , but I could have done without the fart jokes , really . Overall , it was just a mediocre kids movie that you can toss in the pile with all the rest .
For a 3D movie , G-Force falls very flat .
Guided by the principle that action movies have become generic that anybody can be plugged into the hero role and the results would be no different than if Arnold Schwarzenegger or Bruce Willis was the star .
G-Force 's dedication to egregious stereotypes is hackneyed and indefensible : this is how racism lives on .
1 Plexiglas ball sporting 1 hamster was fine for Disney 's Bolt . Along comes Bruckheimer -- now it 's 3 Plexiglas balls with 4 hamsters , er , guinea pigs , and 1 Transformer . Seems he 's hell bent on excess .
Obtain a human-sized version of a hamster wheel , then spend a couple of hours scurrying around inside it , and you 'll have had an experience far more varied and stimulating than what 's on offer here .
The animals seem more real than the humans , but the comedy is overly cute and the tone forced .
Not even remotely as bad as it could have been . Because , let 's call a spade a spade : `` sentient guinea pig spies '' could easily have been just about the worst movie ever made .
The CGI guinea pigs are startlingly realistic-looking ... which will charm kids , and the whiz-bang nonsense they get up to ... is exactly the stuff of silly , entertaining moviegoing .
Action and animals make good entertainment for kids and so-so entertainment for adults .
Anybody who wants to go to a movie about talking secret-agent guinea pigs is probably too young to read this review .
The maestro of mayhem , Jerry Bruckheimer , does a kids movie .
When I review movies , I ask myself ... `` does the movie do what it set out to do ? '' G-Force set out to be an entertaining family movie that makes money . On that basis , G-Force succeeds .
The best original blockbuster of the summer . Just to clarify that demonstrative statement , Star Trek was a reboot/re-imagining/sequel . -LRB- 500 -RRB- Days of Summer is n't a blockbuster . It is still better than the other sequel blockbusters .
Have you ever wondered what a Jerry Bruckheimer-produced talking-animal movie would be like ? Me , neither . But here 's the answer .
Really there 's no reason to see this but if you really need to satisfy your guinea pig fix , hit the local pet store . It 's cheaper and far more entertaining .
Though the film as a whole delivers ample thrills , it does lag occasionally and is encumbered by bland voiceovers and a lack of laughs
Technically accomplished holiday fun to while away a wet afternoon with the sprogs , G-Force is exciting while it lasts , but about as memorable as the bucket of over-priced popcorn .
Imagine ordering a Diet Coke only to be handed a formula on a piece of paper and you have some idea of what watching G-Force is like .
There is a distinct pet-shop whiff coming off this weirdly soulless and not especially funny or exciting family comedy from Disney about guinea pigs .
The story feels thin and faintly incoherent , the action is loud and relentless . A milder version of many other Bruckheimer films , then - which does n't mean kids wo n't love it .
Nowhere near the originality of anything from Pixar .
Without a strong villain , a charismatic hero or a clear quest , it 's all just a pointless frenzy , an exercise in going nowhere fast . A bit like a hamster on a wheel .
A slick slice of efficient family entertainment , but lacking the inspiration to turn in into something special .
G-Force excels visually , with the cuddly critters being particularly impressive and the action sequences colourful , vibrant and effectively assembled .
This Jerry Bruckheimer production is a surprisingly light-footed caper for cinema 's reigning king of bombast .
This is actually great -LRB- if ultimately silly and slightly cheesy -RRB- fun with quite a few nice sly digs at the genre that is trying to snuggle up to .
This is not a movie for Hamstered intellectuals . Just imagine how Alvin And the Chipmunks might have turned out if it had been directed by Michael Bay .
The plot lurches joylessly from A to B , while the bored-sounding voice cast - Nicolas Cage , Penélope Cruz , Sam Rockwell - might have delivered their dialogue down a phone line .
Kids will have a fur-ball watching this part-computer generated part-live action movie .
Maybe for today 's computer-gaming sprogs , speed , violence and animation -LRB- in all senses -RRB- are enough .
One or two of the ideas are actually not bad - there 's a rather cute joke about a mole , for instance - but for the most part , it 's like running on a wheel .
The action scenes are much more impressive than the predictable plot .
Guaranteed non-stop , gung-ho action plugged directly into your synapses .
Hugely enjoyable , fast-paced action-adventure with a witty script , likeable characters , great action sequences and terrific special effects .
This rollicking action romp has all of the chase scenes and car crashes you expect from a Jerry Bruckheimer movie
G-Force is a high-octane action movie for kids about a group of secret agent talking guinea pigs . The 3D is the best use of the technology in a movie this year and the action jumps from the big screen .
A bland distraction for the school holidays and nothing more , the now-ubiquitous 3D version is n't any better .
3-D adventure is funny ... if you 're a first grader .
I do n't think kids will find it funny , -LSB- and -RSB- their parents will find it unbearable .
It just did n't come together .
Blame it on Alvin and the Chipmunks . Cute , furry , and talking , CGI rodents are apparently now the rage , much to the chagrin of anyone over 12 .
Most youngsters at the screening I attended were not amused -- not even by the usually giggle-evoking flatulence scenes .
G-Force is being shown in both 2-D and digital 3-D formats . I saw it in 2-D , and that 's the preferred format because it 's one less dimension for the movie to suck in .
Flashy - with a high-octane frenetic - aimed at a small-fry audience .
Bruckheimer and his crew should have imagined material that 's suited for more than the bottom of a cage .
G-Force is short on wit , characterization and logic , but the car chases sure are breathtaking and just about everything blows up real good while the heroes run from the fireballs in slow motion .
G-Force is everything I wished a Disney film could have been in the 1970s . What 's so wrong about getting all giddy about it as a kid in my 30s ?
Producer Bruckheimer and ... director ... Hoyt H. Yeatman Jr. see no stylistic difference between the frenetic derring-do of G-Force and the atmosphere of such Bruckheimer hits as Con Air or The Rock .
What happens when Disney meets Jerry Bruckheimer ? You get a whole new kind of rodent , but not necessarily a better one .
If you know a 7-year-old who 's still angry he was n't allowed to see Transformers , G-Force is sure to make him feel better . But other than him , it 's hard to say who this abrasive comedy is meant to charm .
G-Force is fast and funny and bound to appeal to kids .
A lot of resources went into making G-Force -- a lot of talent , a lot of money , a lot of marketing -- and it does n't have much to show for it , not even some half-way imaginative 3-D gimmickry .
The single most terrifying moment is hearing the world will be destroyed in 30 minutes . Therein lies the possibility that the film will drag on for another half hour .
G-Force is bright and funny , but surprisingly , it 's more of an adventure film than a comedy .
Pointing out G-Force 's plot holes would be redundant ; it 's more hole than plot , and more videogame commercial and exhausted-old-trope clearinghouse than film .
The rodents carry the picture off in their little furry paws and this one is sure to entertain youngsters -- no matter how you look at it .
G-Force is unlikely to keep anyone older than 10 on the edge of his seat , and the bathroom humor may annoy adults .
For pure family fun in the middle of summer the often hilarious G-Force has it all : action , laughs and heart .
G-Force is painfully bad and completely unfunny .
G-Force is not completely awful although it dips its toes into the easy territory of potty humor too many times to be forgiven .
Unimaginatively , boringly bland without much to make you excited or angry about seeing it .
There 's nothing wrong with G-Force that John Lasseter could n't fix .
Kids like to see something new when they head to the theater , something they can talk about on the playground . `` Remember when THAT happened ? '' And I really feel that G-Force delivers in that department .
Parental Content Review
Plot wise , well , G-Force does n't really have one , but it 's a film about rodents -- however , I could tell more interesting stories about New York City rodents terrorizing Manhattan on the daily than this vermin tale .
It 's the template for either a video game or a Disney theme park ride , or perhaps both .
The digital hijinx are n't great . And despite a committed voice cast that includes two Oscar winners , the jokes are n't all that either .
It 's a shame that the heart of the story does n't beat strongly enough to match the visual invention onscreen .
On an adult fun meter , it would rate somewhere between a parent-teacher meeting and a trip to the orthodontist to outfit your kid with braces .
A harmless and good-natured family flick that unfortunately relies so much on its central conceit that it forgets to do anything else .
G-Force has a script on autopilot , assuming that any old assortment of fart jokes , cheesy one-liners , and chase scenes will be enough to appease tots .
If what you need is a 90-minute baby sitter , or something that will put a smile on your kid 's face , you could do worse than G-Force , but do n't expect to be blown away yourself .
It is childish and inane valuing style over anything slightly substantive , playing to such a lowest common denominator it almost ca n't help but become a box office smash .
This is a stupid , lazy , dully designed and messily executed piece of junk that will have little kids and parents alike squirming in their seats out of sheer boredom .
just tries too hard , and it shows
The first 3-D movie from Jerry Bruckheimer , the last producer you 'd think of whose pictures needed to be more in-your-face .
Top voice talent and good 3D computer graphics can not make up for the fact that this film is utterly synthetic as well as crass , loud , and vulgar .
Galifianakis 's comedy thrives on risk . In G-Force , he does the most subversive thing possible in a big budget PG picture : he plays it straight .
Parents already in dread of taking their children to this 3-D kids ' movie by uber-producer Jerry Bruckheimer will find much to appreciate , though G-Force is lots of fun all around .
A dispiriting primer on the low regard Hollywood has for the intelligence and curiosity of children -- and the time and money of their parents -- G-Force is an aggressively stupid entry in the family-adventure genre from Jerry Bruckheimer .
Just about the only folks likely to find this humdrum hybrid of Mission : Impossible and The Wind in the Willows worthy for consideration are non-discriminating pip-squeaks happy to watch rodents rappelling walls and scampering along air ducts .
Its prime directive is to inculcate young viewers with the gee-whiz tropes of producer Jerry Bruckheimer 's teen-oriented fare .
Do what you must to ensure that somebody else ferries your kids to this dud . Thank me later .
Most depressing about G-Force is the talent wasted in the name of family entertainment .
Longtime visual effects supervisor Hoyt Yeatman Jr. , in his feature directing debut , displays ample credentials for action and memorable setpieces .
G-Force represents an inconceivably tragic waste of a brilliant idea . Frankly , if you ca n't squeeze a decent movie out of talking 3-D superagent guinea pigs , you may as well throw in the towel and consider a career in insurance .
The worst Walt Disney Pictures release in a decade . To describe this chaotic , charmless , pop culture-centric product as completely and utterly excruciating is almost too kind a criticism .
A 3D ball of energy , but its furry characters are flatly run-of-the-treadmill .
It 's more fun than it should be .
It will possibly be enjoyed by children of all ages .
It 's super-intelligent guinea pigs who update their Facebook pages , know how to hack computers , and dodge fireballs . It hardly needs gravitas to provide a full course cinematic meal .
A better action movie than Transformers : Revenge of the Fallen , but that 's like raving that sandwiches taste better than the bottom of your shoe .
















@highlight

G-Force features manic action , but fails to come up with interesting characters or an inspired plot .