In 1967 , the answer was an unqualified yes , and in 2005 , the answer is still , an only slightly less qualified , yes .
Update on Poitier classic is n't as memorable .
Here 's a comedy premised on racial unease , and it 's too timid to uncork actual racial humor .
A bland rom-com that seems afraid of its own subject matter .
full review in Greek
A rule : any time you see the movie 's stars racing in go-karts , it 's because the script ran out of funny things to do .
In the first place , the film does n't aim high enough . In the second place , it falls short of that unambitious goal .
the movie is little more than an interracial riff on Meet the Parents , but it 's consistently funny , and it 's enough of a riff to make it feel fresh .
Kutcher does a good job of reigning in his likeable idiot persona from That 70s Show and Dude , Where 's My Car ? to the point where you almost - but not quite - buy him as a high-flying stockbroker type .
The laughs are few and far between .
` If there was any doubt that Bernie Mac is a movie star , `` Guess Who '' erases it . '
... never loses its focus on providing laughs . And it does that with a surprising consistency that demonstrates an ability to appeal , fittingly , to a wide and diverse audience .
Is it a compliment to say that `` Guess Who '' is better than `` Booty Call ? '' More compelling than `` Texas Rangers ? '' Superior to `` B * A * P * S ? '' Guess not .
I laughed at the interplay and think anyone should enjoy this fun film .
If Sullivan was n't so reliant on plot gimmicks , Guess Who might have been a full-course meal instead of finger food .
While Guess Who gets some mileage out of its black and white issues , it 's more focused on being the interracial romantic comedy answer to Meet the Parents .
Oh well , Bernie . There 's always `` Ocean 's 13 '' to look forward to .
If you never even begin to compare this film to the classic that inspired it ... then it 's a perfectly enjoyable bit of fluffy farce .
To say that the whole question of race in this movie is only skin - deep is an insult to the strength and elasticity of skin .
The film does pop off some huge belly laughs before the formula gets the better of it .
There are moments when it seems Kutcher might look right into the camera and say , ` Ready to see me walk right into another impossibly stupid faux pas ? '
its treatment of race resides comfortably at the sitcom level , where it 's safe to laugh about difference and then console ourselves with eventual inclusiveness
Had Mac and Kutcher not had such great chemistry together , this would n't have worked ...
Mac and Kutcher have proved themselves better comics than actors , but both give charming , subtle performances here .
Besides , in our watered-down age of looking at complex social issues on a purely surface level , a studio willing to put out a feature with the required teeth to make it even remotely worthwhile is beyond minute .
Guess Who is a movie that plays the race card for gentle laughs ...
Well , guess what ? `` Guess Who '' is n't a remake ... at least , not of `` Guess Who 's Coming to Dinner . '' It 's more like `` Meet the Fockers '' with themes about bigotry and honesty .
A creative misstep that will likely pay off commercially .
The film is content to poke gentle fun , not try to blaze any trails , unlike its much more illustrious predecessor .
The absolute lack of cultural identity on the part of any of the characters -- black or white -- is what left me with a bad aftertaste .
The filmmakers seem to have forgotten that even today , the most memorable battles have two fronts . And they usually do n't involve a man wearing a woman 's underwear .
There are some weak stabs at deriving humor from the white guy trying to fit into the black family ... More often , -LSB- it 's -RSB- of the `` suspicious dad/nervous boyfriend '' variety .
A respectable enough comedy .
The film is predictable and its humor is tension free .
None of this addresses true familial concerns about interracial relationships .
Surpasses expectation .
I do n't think Guess Who is a very good movie about its subject ... but it works pretty well as a piece of light entertainment .
I say sometimes that scripts get rewritten too much . I do n't know if this one got rewritten too much or not enough , but I wish they had given it another go and tried to strike a more consistent tone .
-LSB- The -RSB- interracial intimacy is so lightweight , dismissive , and flat that this toothless comedy loses its edginess ... turns into another arbitrary salt-and-pepper buddy romp
Guess what - it 's bad !
Light and fluffy , Guess Who is a mildly entertaining movie that could have been more had its makers been a little braver .
The makers of Guess Who appear to have given more thought to targeting an audience than building a believable movie .
With apologies to the great black poet Gil Scott Heron , the revolution may not be televised but sometimes it sure is trivialized .
Guess Who does n't play the race card nearly enough
... closer to Meet the Parents than its nominal precursor , but we might take that as a sign of social progress
Messing with a classic movie can be dangerous business , which is probably one of the reasons why ` Guess Who ' achieves only a modicum of success .
Guess Who owes more to Meet the Parents than it does Guess Who 's Coming to Dinner .
It breaks no ground , but at least it does n't bury itself beneath so much proselytizing and posing .
Theresa schools Simon : `` Telling black jokes is never a good idea . ''
The timing of nearly every gag is just half a beat off , and that half-beat is a killer .
Let 's just say that , on the charge of comedic intentions , the cinematic jury is still out .
Rather than being like Guess Who 's Coming to Dinner , this is more like Meet the Parents , and the Parents are Black .
Closer in spirit to Meet the Parents than Guess Who 's Coming to Dinner , this comedy further confirms - for those who care - that Ashton Kutcher is no Ben Stiller .
Balance out the few highs and many , scatological lows of `` Meet the Parents '' and you 've got `` Guess Who , '' a movie whose mild brand of comedy is floated by an enjoyable ensemble .
The absence of chemistry between both couples is enough to make you seriously consider leaving before dessert .
Might provide a much-needed fix for Mac 's most ardent fans , but they 'll have to wait for a star vehicle that fully exploits the range of his comic gifts .
A film that could have wryly dealt with matters of race , or simply could have been funnier , had it possessed a clearer template than a star pairing and a truncated title .
Theresa has neglected to tell said parents that Simon is just about the whitest boy alive , an omission that causes what passes for comedy to occur when her dad finds out .
Defying the sitcom flippancy imposed upon it , Guess Who lurches into moments of relevance .
There 's some flavor , but it tastes more like cola-scented water than actual Coke .
Mostly works on all the levels it aspires to , and it evolves with an easy rhythm that 's primarily driven by its likable stars .
Guess what ? It 's almost bearable .
Though a light comedy , director Kevin Rodney Sullivan keeps the acting values authentic and consistent .
Guess what ? The new film 's social commentary is as tame as its comedy .
The comic chemistry between Mac and Kutcher is strong enough to withstand the miscues and to sell the film 's stronger humor .
A better question might be , why bother ?
An uneven but moderately entertaining comedy that plays largely on the strengths of Mac 's comic timing .
There is no comedy without conflict , and conflict only plays funny when it 's a fair fight . The writers and director did n't do Mac any favors in letting him play a guy who does n't recognize his own blind spots , and comically wrestle with them .
In some ways , Guess Who shows how much we 've changed in 35 years . But in the most important ways , it shows how Hollywood 's barely changed at all .
the radiant chemistry between Bernie Mac and Ashton Kutcher keeps the movie afloat
A funny , if sometimes uneven -LRB- and uncomfortable -RRB- comedy .
Guess Who uses two-fifths of the title and gives us one-tenth the entertainment value .
There 's never a question how things will turn out . -LRB- If you do n't know : Recent Hollywood movies about interracial romance usually turn out well if the guy is white and almost always end tragically if he 's black . -RRB-
This movie is far too timid to show that relationship beyond a few discreet kisses between Kutcher and Saldana .
A disappointing retread of a bunch of better movies .
Not afraid to draw real blood , both on the ethnic clash and , perhaps more unusual for a studio romantic comedy these days , relationship fronts .
Has surprising depth and charm , descriptors never before ascribed to a movie starring Ashton Kutcher .
The movie plays it disappointingly safe , having the two men settle their differences on a go-kart race track , then bond over a bottle of vodka in time for the touchy-feely , song-and-dance finale .
It is , after all , a comedy . Unfortunately , the movie forgets this toward the end .
Neither deeply offensive nor especially revealing .
If it falls betwixt and between hilarious and meaningful , consider that a testament to where we are as a culture on this topic : able to laugh at the jokes and still vulnerable to our fears .
At heart , this is just another rehash of Meet the Parents .
A consciously lightweight romantic comedy that pokes fun at racial stereotyping , it starts out a bit shaky but begins to cook as stars Bernie Mac and Ashton Kutcher find their chemistry , and by the film 's end it 's become pretty darn likable .
It 's not an unpleasant movie , just a confused , sometimes frustrating one .
The odd couple of Mac and Kutcher has such a hilarious ease that you 'll be won over by them in the end .
It is , in a real sense , a more honest film than its precursor .
A somewhat fun , if rather uneven , ride with a few clever scenes and enough comedic juice to keep Kutcher and Mac fans focused until the credits roll .
Director Kevin Rodney Sullivan and writers David Ronn , Jay Scherick and Peter Tolan seed the comedy with reminders that ebony and ivory wo n't be livin ' in perfect harmony , especially if they let the outside world interfere with them .
Guess Who works efficiently on its chosen level .
If you 're looking for a meaningful consideration of the intricacies that come with introducing your white boyfriend to your black family , you 're probably eating nachos at the wrong multiplex .
One of the things that makes this film much better than it has any right to be is the enormous talent of Bernie Mac .
Guess Who improves in the second half , when director Kevin Rodney Sullivan stops trying to remake other movies and concentrates on the Simon/Percy relationship .
A warm movie that 's well cast and funny enough as it works through passive-aggressiveness to aggressive-aggressiveness and finally the acceptance of family .
Although fighting , at times , a rather bland and predictable script , Kutcher and Mac actually managed some good on-screen chemistry ...
What this film lacks , in addition to a funny script , are pace and logic . Even though Kutcher is good , I squirmed a lot and looked at my watch a lot .
I 'm not ashamed to say that Ashton Kutcher made me laugh in Guess Who . OK , maybe I 'm a little ashamed . But it was so unexpected I could n't help myself .
Romantic fantasies of idealized materialism that have been marketed to white viewers for decades are now being peddled to upwardly mobile African-Americans . Is this progress ?
A surprisingly effective and heartfelt comedy ...
The characters briefly mention problems an interracial couple still face today , but that 's as far as it goes .
Ashton Kutcher and Bernie Mac prove that they are much funnier than their last movies . Both have loads of charm and impeccable comedic timing .
Mac comes close to single-handedly saving ` Guess Who ' from its own clichés .
As tempting as it is to think that everything has changed since the days of ` Dinner ' ... ` Guess Who ' is honest enough to admit that there are major issues yet to be resolved .
Light on its feet while being sly about how it dances around the social issue at hand .
Modernized take on a classic has a few laughs -- and , more importantly , a heart in the right place .
After the halfway point , Kutcher and Mac become a better comic team , start to play off each other , and make you laugh until the end .
It 's easy on the intellect and the attention span .
Kutcher is slowly and surely punking America ! On marginal talent and lots of luck , Kutcher is reaching the top on a mile-high pile of US Weekly cover photos .
... it 's the ingratiating performances that keep Guess Who at a level of pleasant diversion , despite an overlong running time ...
Bernie Mac has a natural delivery and can work a punchline like nobody 's business .
Mac and Kutcher are the saving graces of what is otherwise a poorly written , misguided rehash of a movie .
Taken on its own , separate from its original source material , it 's an enjoyable film , boosted by Mac 's down-home humor and leavened by some actual acting on the part of Kutcher and Saldana .
This feeble comedy ranks about an 11 on the yawn-o-meter .
Its cast is appealing , its script is often clever and imaginative , and it leaves us in much the same place as the Kramer classic : hopeful that race will someday cease to be a major issue in American life .
It says something about the timidity of the corporate-dominated entertainment industry that a contemporary film lacks the audacity of a 30-year-old sitcom .
Can a film feature Ashton Kutcher parading around in women 's lingerie and a teary-eyed Zoe Saldana recalling her interracial dating struggles and still be taken seriously ?
-LSB- Guess Who uses the personal chemistry between Bernie Mac and Ashton Kutcher ... to create an amusing little film that has the feel of an extended TV sitcom .
Director Kevin Rodney Sullivan over-orchestrates each verbal and visual gag , and such heavy-handed helming robs Guess Who of any element of surprise .
It 's never a good sign in a comedy when the characters laugh harder than the audience at their own jokes .
This loose , pointless remake of Guess Who 's Coming to Dinner at least suggests that American racial attitudes have relaxed since 1967 .
What 's not to like about a movie that concludes that although race can divide people , love can unite them ?
A bland , awkward , occasionally amusing comedy
Serves up such flat dialogue and stilted situations that it 's hard to sit through .
Twenty minutes in , we know where the movie is going and , as a result , it loses momentum in the final half-hour .
When so few comedies these days are actually funny , Guess Who is an entertaining and diverting way to spend 105 minutes for audiences starved for laughs .
No one does choleric better than Bernie Mac and it is always fun to see him get steamed .
One long race joke , the most overextended and least risible of the year .
Mix in a pair of inspired performances by Bernie Mac and Ashton Kutcher , and you 've got a certified crowd-tickler with a lot more substance than the last Focker family gathering .
It 's been a long time since the words ` Ashton Kutcher ' and ` hilarious ' have appeared in the same sentence , but they 'll have to get reacquainted . Kutcher and costar Bernie Mac make a terrific comic team .
Sad though it is to say , it 's not often that a romantic comedy comes along that succeeds in actually being both romantic and comedic . When those things happen , it 's easy to forgive minor flaws .
I 'm not opposed to drawing from the well of movies past . But to remake one with such a dated and specific point of view , one that relies on the interracial relationship as hot button , is both lazy and uncomfortably nostalgic .
Guess Who is n't very smart and it is n't very funny . In fact , it is n't much of anything .
No classic , but Mac and Kutcher prove a surprisingly winning team , and considering today 's comedies , you could do a lot worse .
Wait a sec , are those sirens ? * BAD IDEA POLICE HERE , PULL OVER !
Guess Who is a pleasant surprise . Ashton Kutcher 's at his most endearing and Bernie Mac is the best he 's been in a feature film .
Forgoes its predecessor 's moralizing in favor of Meet the Parents-style conflict .
It 's funny enough , and surprisingly well-written in individual scenes , but why , in the end , does it strive for so little ?
Just as Meet the Parents begat Meet the Fockers , if Guess Who turns out to be a hit , expect a sequel , Meet the Honkies , somewhere down the line .
After setting the stage with insultingly shopworn plot contrivances , Guess Who finds its comedy footing by playfully dancing along the edge of political incorrectness .
Mac is consistently funny and likeable , but the same ca n't be said for the rest of the cast . Without him , the movie would have been pretty much unwatchable .
Putting an interracial love story on screen may have been bold in 1967 , but by now it should be more casual than it is . The skittish , focus-grouped blandness of Guess Who comes through in the flavorlessness of the romance .
It offers a few solid laughs and will provoke some smiles , but there 's too much of a tendency to go for obvious , largely unfunny humor when something more subtle would have satisfied .
... I found myself laughing pretty consistently the whole way through ...
1st third is sharp , funny , well edited & directed . But , contrivances accumulate one after the other .
Bernie Mac easily makes up for a miscast Ashton Kutcher in a gem of comic timing .
The jokes may be weak , but the social context the gags broadcast with them comes in surprisingly strong .








@highlight

Despite the chemistry of its stars , Guess Who , a loose remake of Guess Who 's Coming to Dinner , lacks the political relevance of the original .