Recommendation -- skip this one and revisit the previous movies .
Families will flock to the holiday release with gusto , but it 's up for debate whether 100 minutes with the Focker and Byrnes families is worse than quality time with your own dysfunctional clan .
The whole enterprise is tired and exhausted and indifferent ; even the title is irrelevant and dissembling .
`` Little Fockers '' is merely a forgettable romp with these worn out characters .
Not up to the high standards set by the first two films , but without a doubt a funny and diverting holiday comedy .
When you 're easily outshined by any given episode of Rules of Engagement or Two and a Half Men that means there 's a problem .
Utterly formulaic but not unfunny , despite an overreliance on the comedy of below-the-belt pain -LRB- prostates and erections are particularly abused -RRB- .
full review at Movies for the Masses
That talents like De Niro and Stiller would sign off on such a turgid and bone idle attempt to part families with their Christmas cash is stultifying .
Low-brow humor and forced sight gags rule the day .
There 's nothing like starting out an alleged comedy romp with a disgusting joke about a man 's posterior , vomit and sex talk .
... as dire a comedy as you 're likely to see all decade .
A mapped minefield of bad jokes .
With the gags cranked up on the humiliation-o-meter , and otherwise stripped of wit , the film offers little in the way of humor to anyone other than sadists .
Features the same comedy of embarrassment and vulgarity as its predecessors , but also takes a strange sideways step into machismo that leaves it feeling rather joyless
Perhaps the most dubious comedy franchise in movie history , `` Little Fockers '' takes another hobbling step toward cinema infamy .
Oh Mr. De Niro ... it hurts to see you like this .
Third time out for the Meet the Parents franchise , and it 's all but impossible to suppress a groan .
Schindler 's List was funnier than this .
There are less laughs in this tired threquel , which continues to revel in its not-quite-a-swear surname and the ups and downs of family life , this time with an added emphasis on kids and mortality .
Perhaps they figured as it was six years since the last one , we all might have forgotten the same old jokes from before .
Per Fockers ' actress Blythe Danner : ` All the films have been a joy . I hope they keep coming , even if we graduate to walkers and wheelchairs ... ' Oh God . We 're all severely focked .
Ultra-short web clips could probably house the best parts of this sequel , which throughout its 97 minute running time has zilch in the way of comedic cohesion or character moments that ring true .
The third installment in the series has the stale , slightly sour ambiance you 'd expect when walking into a summer house that 's been shut up for the winter .
Too disjointed , too patched together , too many added stars - this series is quickly running out of steam
What terrible thing have moviegoers done to deserve yet a third outing in this series of alleged comedies ?
Those Fockers . Did you see what I did right there ? Made you think of a dirty word did n't I ? That 's the only ` joke ' this third installment offers and they use it over and over again .
Consistently chuckle-worthy , Little Fockers ... somehow sidesteps the law of diminishing returns that usually applies to comedy threequels .
Lewd , vulgar and tiresome ... to quote from Twitter : ` I bet the Robert DeNiro of ` Taxi Driver ' would shoot the Robert DeNiro of ` Little Fockers . '
A lackluster effort and a preposterous plot which add up to a flagging franchise that just ` jumped the shark . '
This deeply dislikable movie gives vulgarity a bad name .
Bereft of any ideas at this point , these are some pretty unfunny Fockers .
This third instalment in the still-not - funny Meet the Parents franchise does n't even make a pretence of coming up with a decent justification for a new film .
I 'm guessing there will be a fourth and a fifth `` Meet the Parents '' sequel : `` Stepfockers , '' and `` Tween Fockers '' or maybe even `` As Long as She 's Your Second Cousin , You Can Still Focker . '' Who knows , or cares .
Hoffman actually does phone in his performance in what is a money grab for everyone , new director Paul Weitz included .
A film which , in addition to unnecessarily prolonging the Focker franchise , accomplishes the seemingly impossible feat of making Jessica Alba seem rather unsexy .
Enough is enough . This franchise has run its course and made its millions , but now it 's time for it to fock off .
Its leads ' enthusiasm notwithstanding , Little Fockers is a barely tolerable sitcom concoction .
It 's a patchy , unambitious comedy with five or six laughs , and will be passably amusing when it comes on television .
Little Fockers is a film light on plot , bereft of laughs and featuring a cast who look as if they want to kill themselves .
Always a sucker for pratfalls , I laughed at quite a few of the gags .
Any sense of joy , which coursed through Meet The Parents and Meet The Fockers , has completely evaporated .
A predictable but not unwelcome addition to the Focker family .
does n't play out as much like a movie as it does a pathetic excuse for approval , like the fat kid letting the bullies call him ` Chubs '
Little Fockers arrives long after you thought every last bit of sort-of comic juice had been wrung out of this franchise . Everything and everyone - the actors as much as the script - is a bit hoarier .
With some dreadfully unfunny scenes sprinkled with occasional comic highlights mainly involving Owen Wilson , this is barely passable stuff .
The direction and writing are phoned in , and probably the art direction and location catering too . The whole film is on some sort of conference call .
Just when you think things ca n't stoop any lower , Owen Wilson performs acrobatics in blue lycra .
Everybody 's clearly in it for the money in a follow-up that , sporadic chuckles aside , proves the law of diminishing returns .
I enjoyed it hugely . It 's nicely paced by a new director , Paul Weitz , but I reckon the key is in the writing .
Nowhere near as good as 2000 's Meet the Parents , but neither is it as dismal as the repetitive 2004 sequel Meet the Fockers .
As Greg Focker might say , it 's high time for this franchise to `` Step off , bitch '' .
The personalities are exuberant , the situations humorous , the slapstick worth a chuckle or two .
It may be time to try another household for laughs .
Is it rude to retitle this `` Beating a Dead Focker '' ?
Easily one of the worst films of the year . What a waste of time and talent !
Very weak .
It 's far from intellectually taxing , but Little Fockers is much funnier than it deserves to be .
... and then Ben Stiller sticks a needle into Academy Award winner Robert De Niro 's drug-induced boner . No cineaste should have to watch the mighty fall so low .
The biggest joke is on anyone who pays to see this monstrosity .
It 's tough to see your favorite actors grow old . It 's even tougher to see them grow old and demean themselves in increasingly crappy movies . That 's the greatest feeling -LRB- aside from displeasure -RRB- one will walk away with from Little Fockers .
The frequently amusing , elaborately contrived second sequel to Meet the Parents .
Lazily written , poorly directed threequel that coasts along on its strong comic cast and familiar characters without putting any effort into the script or the set-pieces .
The only surprise will be in seeing how much worse the concept can become before audiences take up torches and pitchforks in order to keep it from invading theaters once again
It 's the holidays , and the third instalment of the Meet the Parents saga has arrived - not unlike the Ghost of Christmas Future - to provide us with a terrifying glimpse at a journey taken down the wrong path .
They kill me , these guys . No , seriously . If they make any more of these movies , they might as well kill me .
There is being a good sport and there is career suicide , and De Niro is skating perilously close to the edge .
The movie could n't get over fast enough as far as I was concerned , and even though the anemic looking trailers had me worried nothing could have prepared me for the gargantuan calamity this ultimately proved to be .
Tedious , asinine , jejune and so painfully unfunny that it will make your eyes and ears bleed .
The Focker franchise has become such a swell payday that now everyone wants in on the act ; apparently even the original stars are allowed only a plus-one .
The filmmakers went to the effort of hiring Keitel to play the construction foreman on their new house and then squander his presence by giving him only a couple lines of dialogue in a total of two scenes . -LRB- He should have been paid by the syllable . -RRB-
Watching A-list actors behave like morons is not a bad way to offset the dreadful false cheer of the season .
Carving knife + severed artery = tons of bloody fun .
. . like an unloved , re-gifted fruitcake , it keeps on returning to multiplexes .
The second sequel to 2000 's Meet the Parents defines uncalled for . Little Fockers is upchuckingly unfunny .
The jokes are a bit randy , the situations and characters familiar , the touching moments false but fitting . It 's all as formulaic as weak egg nog , but it goes down just as easy . Let 's hope all involved spend their paychecks wisely .
... a shameless cash-grab that 's been designed to capitalize on the success of its two predecessors .
Battling in-laws face off in formulaic comedy .
If no one kills themselves while watching ` Little Fockers ' this weekend , it will be a Christmas miracle .
-LSB- K -RSB- eeps running right up to moments that seem hellbent on , say , indulging homophobia ... and then stopping short , neglecting to offer a punchline , and trying to distract us by moving in an entirely random different direction ...
Focking atrocious !
Simply put , it feels like everyone in front of and behind the camera is phoning in their work while awaiting a handsome paycheck for their ` efforts . ' -LRB- Parental Review also Available -RRB-
Chapter 3 in the misadventures of Gaylord Focker is a slog through the same ol' gags and a reminder of how low Robert De Niro 's standards have fallen .
Think of it as a mildly entertaining way to get out of the house this Christmas , rather than a cracker of a movie .
So many smart , engaging people and the best they could come up with are blood-spurting thumbs , construction accidents and an erectile emergency ?
If Lesbian Vampire Killers and Santa Claus Conquers the Martians taught us anything , it 's that you should never base an entire film 's plot and existence around a title .
Sprints past `` unfunny , '' is still going strong when it reaches `` disaster '' and easily reaches `` cautionary tale . ''
During the holiday season it can be bad enough dealing with your actual relatives . Why anyone would volunteer to spend time with this bunch of Fockers is a puzzle that no supercomputer is likely ever to solve .
All together now : `` FockersFockers-Fockers . '' Are you rolling on the floor in hilarity ?
The sheer pleasure of the first film in 2000 , already dimming by the time we got to `` Meet the Fockers '' four years later , has officially gone kaput .
It 's probably the best of this year 's holiday comedies , but that 's not saying much , unfortunately .
I thought it would take years for Owen Wilson to appear in a movie worse than `` How Do You Know , '' but he has outdone himself .
This is even worse than a repetitive rehash . These Fockers are just lazy , limp -- and lame
One ho-hum scene follows another as the audience waits for something - anything - to happen .
By now you would think the concept had run its course . You 'd be right , too .
There 's really no focking place for the franchise to go anymore ...
The law of diminishing returns is a law for a reason ... as lazy a comedy as Adam Sandler 's Grown Ups .
How do you top Ms. Streisand and Mr. Hoffman playing at being the happy , sexy hippie couple for easy jokes ? You do n't . Apparently , you do n't even try , as is evident from the new movie 's lack of wit and surplus of lazy scenes .
A pretext to continue one of the lamest franchises in contemporary Hollywood history .
There 's so much recycling of jokes and plots , I thought Al Gore was one of the screenwriters .
Little Fockers has well and truly milked what little life was left in the series and while what is left produces the occasional giggle it is otherwise more of an endurance test than the light-hearted comedy that it wants to be .
The series closes -LRB- ? -RRB- with a whimper .
If it 's not a cruel hoax , then it is the product of almost total incompetence .
A maddening , joyless experience , easily one of the most inept films of the year . It 's cynical . It 's mean-spirited . It 's ugly .
It takes too long for the story to take off and even longer for the comedy to kick in .
If you 've seen one , you 've seen 'em all .
Game performances and a couple of half-laughs , sure , but this is the screen comedy equivalent of the televised Yule log .
I did not find Little Fockers to be particularly excruciating . Indeed , I laughed pretty hard several times
ramshackle and lazy
When the conclusion leaves the door open for still another sequel , it feels like an invitation to a living wake .
Is there a statute of limitations for how many good actors can be wasted in a bad movie ?
We must have been pretty naughty this year for Santa to stuff a lump of coal like Little Fockers into our cinematic stockings .
I once saw a high school production of ` Grease ' where they had some technical difficulties and had to stall for time , so the director sent the main actors onstage , in character , to improvise a scene . ` Little Fockers ' feels like 100 minutes of that .
The million-dollar cast does n't make the vulgar penny-ante jokes any funnier .
Even by the franchise 's own declining standards , Fockers is a wince-a-thon of crude gag sausage-making .
Little Fockers packs in all the cynicism and laziness of a tired franchise 's third chapter . It 's the drive-through version of comfort food , comedy by repetition and indigestion .
Rarely were so many good actors assembled for so little purpose .
... resorts to projectile vomit , spurting blood in a dinner sequence which rivals Dan Ackroyd 's SNL Julia Child bit in its extremity and a fart joke all within its first thirty minutes .
While not as obnoxious as its predecessor ... an uninspired riff on an old formula , and structurally a shambles .
Everyone has turned into a gross caricature of a human being , either unbearably mean or lascivious or hammy to the point that you actively root for their demise .
Worse than awful .
De Niro suffers most of the head-banging indignities in `` Little Fockers . '' The more he throws himself into the reaction shots and the mugging , the more you wonder if he 's really having a good time with this desperate material .
There 's something clearly missing that makes you think this movie may have fared better if it was made three years ago ... or not at all .
Only a sucker would n't try to squeeze more dough out of a franchise that is beloved the world over . But could n't they have tried ? At least just a little ?
To say the franchise is coasting along on fumes suggests it once ran on a full tank .
Despite its title , Little Fockers barely features children . Other things it 's lacking include laughs , coherence , and a reason to exist
I 'm not saying the legacy of Meet the Parents deserved the protection of cinematic landmark status . But it does seem like a shame that what was there to protect has been ground into an unrecognizable pulp and reshaped into a grotesque of its former self .
Third go-round for the Focker family recycles gags from the earlier two films while playing up sensitivity over raunchiness .
It 's about squeezing the last few dollars from a gullible public like milk from a cat .
If you do see the flick , stay for the closing credits , when Stiller offers a loose stand-up routine . Now that could have been a movie !
Grit your teeth through the fairly short though agonizing duration of its stay .
The law of diminishing returns catches up with yet another creaky franchise .
Between them , Robert De Niro , Owen Wilson , Laura Dern , Dustin Hoffman and Barbra Streisand have 20 Academy Award nominations -LRB- six of them wins -RRB- in various categories . And yet none of them could think of anything better to do than appear in Little Fockers ?
Another round of insipid gags performed by a revolving door troupe more interested in the zeros on their paycheck than the quality of their cinematic output ... utterly lazy and unfunny .
With all these folks in the same movie , there are inevitably moments when Hoffman or Wilson get a laugh , but on the whole it 's the same again but weaker and with fewer good jokes .
This series needs to focking stop .
Rarely does a comedy bring such an overpowering sense of sadness .
It 's utterly forgettable and not as good as it could have been , but it is fun to revisit the characters and see what they 're up to now .
I 'm afraid the DeNiro of The Godfather , Part II and Goodfellas has mostly faded from my mind , replaced by the DeNiro of the Fockers -- a grim-faced comedian who tends to make me sad .
A clear example of a trilogy running out of steam and repeating itself in part three . At least it 's not an example of the superior second part . That would make Meet the Fockers this trilogy 's Empire Strikes Back .
It 's just more of the same Meet The Parents shenanigans with an afterthought of a Christmas scene plonked on the end .
Tons of painfully predictable and plain old unfunny gags , but in between is some creative and hilarious material .
A lazy attempt to milk a few more laughs and bucks from the enormously lucrative property .
Unsavory hodgepodge from a franchise that has overstayed its welcome .
I would imagine no one involved feels genuinely good about the outcome . It is a startlingly gross and dirty film considering it is ostensibly about the kids this time around , and a PG-13 .
Brutally unfunny , Little Fockers is one more go-round of cheap physical comedy and wan dysfunctional-family gags .
A few morsels of hilarity and many that are cringe worthy



@highlight

As star-studded as it is heartbreakingly lazy , Little Fockers takes the top-grossing trilogy to embarrassing new lows .