Crap .
The two stars were not right for the parts .
If not entirely successful , at least ambitious and , for a long while , even brave .
The predictable plot lurches forward elliptically , and it 's difficult to sustain interest in it .
A Slipping Down Life has been sitting on the shelf since 1999 , and it 's not hard to see why .
There 's probably not much of an audience for a turgid drama whose monotonous tempo rarely fluctuates from one scene to the next .
An underwhelming misfire of muddled tone and equally unclear emotion .
Has a lot going for it , but not nearly all it should have .
Alternately gloomy and silly stuff .
It 's interesting , not fascinating , intriguing , not electrifying . But for those in the mood for an offbeat pleasure , A Slipping Down Life may well satisfy .
Never cuts much deeper than its subject .
Weaves a fragile -- and often funny -- spell .
Well , I guess it 's better than Van Helsing ... slightly .
What 's slipping here is n't so much life as judgment on the part of Taylor and Pearce , two splendid actors marooned on bad-script island where nothing really works .
A perplexing , dark and brooding exercise .
There is no way for a love story to work when we do n't believe the lovers belong together .
A morose and unconvincing drama about desperate love in a small North Carolina town .
Independent films like to equate smallness with authenticity , but sometimes , unfortunately , they 're just small .
What at first seems like observed , exaggerated truth soon reveals itself as a series of writerly conceits being followed doggedly to some logical conclusion .
The plot has a loose string or two , but the details are lived-in , true , down-home but not corny .
Plaintive but exasperating adaptation .
It 's too common to complain that a book is better than the movie . But in A Slipping-Down Life , the score trumps what 's on screen as well .
The movie is not a great dramatic statement , but you know that from the modesty of the title . It is about movement in emotional waters that had long been still .
The director deserves admiration for sticking to her guns , but here 's a heretical notion : Maybe the producer 's cut would have been a better movie .
A predictable Up-With-People anthem .
This movie sat on the shelf for years over a distribution dispute - they should have let it slip away quietly .
The film does little more than clock the highs and lows of another of cinema 's many , many , many couples .
A Slipping Down Life would disintegrate in a cloud of cutesy , melancholic whimsy if it were n't for the talent of its two leads .
This is one of those rare dramas that drops us into the heart of the Dairy Queen/Bible Belt without seeming in the least patronizing or superior .
While the movie is content to be merely atmospheric , the performances convince you that here are two misfits who might be a perfect fit .
Offers some egalitarian posturing , but squanders its message by placing capable actresses like Taylor and Hall into age-old , subservient roles .
Too precious , too self-conscious and far too enamored with itself to ever have any kind of genuine emotional truth .
A frail independent feature with an impressive cast but not much energy and equally little point .
The film 's tone is just all over the map .
-LSB- T -RSB- he characters in the book are teenagers ... When acted out by performers in their mid-thirties , on the other hand , such behavior makes less sense
-LSB- S -RSB- elf-consciously literary ...
not quite enough to overcome a script that fails to clarify whether we 're dealing with dementia , disability , or lonely desperation
The real joy of the film is watching Taylor and Pearce play off each other , creating their characters ' unique relationship ...
Just another tiny movie about tiny people that is destined to find a very tiny audience .
Some of the dialog is zippy and funny , but the characters are never convincing or compelling .
The movie 's fairly standard plotting comes as a disappointment , because the story -- drawn from an Anne Tyler novel -- has a dark sense of humor and plenty of Southern Gothic charm .
-LSB- W -RSB- hat comes across on the printed page as eccentric and heartbreaking seems forced and self-consciously artsy on the screen .
A slow , easy going , likeable film , starring two appealing actors , Guy Pearce -LRB- who moved me with his shirtless stature -RRB- and the always interesting Lili Taylor .
Goes down a well-traveled road that leaves Drumstrings neutered and Evie with a forehead that , like her character , heals all too cleanly .
A sluggish , tedious film about lost souls living dead-end lives in a dead-end town .
Tyler 's story makes an awkward transition to film , starting with the coy decision to locate the story in some vague period that 's neither now or then , in which vintage cars and portable headphones coexist .
A film that deftly captures the offbeat wit and empathy of Tyler 's prose .
The disorderly film merely chases its tail for the second half , going nowhere fast .
I have not read the Anne Tyler novella from which the movie is adapted , but it is clear from the earliest scenes that Evie and Drumstrings are of a different generation from 37-year-old Taylor and 36-year-old Pearce .
Lili Taylor and Guy Pearce , talented as they may be , are simply far too old to be playing the story 's desperate dreamers .
A little too aggressively quirky .
Kalem does well by Tyler , preserving much of the dusty , small-town tone of the novel and adapting a memorable screen character in Evie , bolstered by a blissfully vulnerable , radiantly melancholy performance from Taylor .
This soggy adaptation of an Anne Tyler novel is full of funny-sad Southern characters who would seem very familiar if they were n't so danged idiosyncratic .
The movie 's gradual devolution into a series of events sends the characters slipping and sliding into and apart from one another .
Taylor is utterly believable even when the screenplay -LRB- from an Anne Tyler novel -RRB- is too self-consciously quirky , and Pearce nicely portrays the guy she obsesses over .
Taylor and Pearce seem a bit old for their roles , so their laconic connection plays less like the push-pull of youthful misfits than a desperate pact between marginalized washouts .
The movie is rescued by Pearce .
In her first film -LRB- shown at Sundance in 1999 -RRB- , writer-director Toni Kalem works from a 1970 novel by Anne Tyler , but adds so many tics and frills of indie aesthetic that it 's hard to see the swan for the feathers .
Lili Taylor saves this slow-going pic .
Too trite and uninteresting to service the wonderfully affecting performance from Lili Taylor .
An extravagant act of self-mutilation is not enough to spice up the humdrum plain-girl - meets-pretty - boy-and-teaches - him-the-meaning - of-love story .
Obvious and trite .
Confirms what many art-house moviegoers of the '90s have suspected for some time now : that Lili Taylor is perhaps the best American actress of her generation .



@highlight

Lili Talyor is the best thing in this uninvolving and unconvincing drama .