A profound example of unashamed feeling expanding across cultural barriers
This may be one man 's story but the themes are epic .
The director fails to overcome a script that ignores the backstory of the characters , and that agonizingly details minor subplots .
The story may be sentimental , but Yimou layers it by adding cultural clash to the generational ones .
From real-life opera singer Jianin to travel agent Lin Qiu and youngster Zhenbo Yang , the cast is the genuine article ...
... gorgeously photographed and , like Babel , a subtly organized commentary on the ways people strive to communicate .
Zhang is one of the world 's great filmmakers , both in technique and in his rich humanity . Riding Alone will move you .
Yeah , yeah . Cue the violin music . But also grab a tissue , because the film levels far more of an impact than you might expect .
Sometimes , when the right movie people come together , a blatantly commercial decision actually strengthens the artistic impulse , as you can see from Zhang 's filial treatment of Takakura in Riding Alone for Thousands of Miles .
The scenery is spectacular , and the movie does boast fine performances by both the stone-faced Takakura and scene-stealing newcomer Yang Zhenbo .
Ken Takakura 's memorable performance , occasional light comedy and striking Chinese scenery do n't keep Riding Alone for Thousands of Miles and its big message from being ponderous and affected .
The movie 's message is a little too Hallmark Hall of Fame , but Zhang 's observant eye neatly captures the idiosyncrasies of Chinese life and the heartbreak in Gouichi 's journey .
It 's the kind of story that shows more than it tells , a story that 's forged in the spaces that exist in between characters and spaces .
The themes are universal -LRB- if a touch corny -RRB- , the rugged Chinese scenery is stupendous , and the performances are touching .
A meticulously crafted film in which nothing is ever forced or overstated . There 's a grace and subtlety that pervades the film and quietly impresses .
Its relentless sentimentality soon turns disingenuous .
Fathers and sons ca n't understand each other in Riding Alone for Thousands of Miles , a simple theme in a movie that is simply breathtaking .
What remains most vividly after Riding Alone For Thousands of Miles , however , is not its story but its world -- the immersion in that world of a foreigner , not a polo-shirted Yank but a stiff-necked Japanese . And it is all overseen by a Chinese director .
It sounds like a slight plot , and it is , but it is rich in detail that makes up for the simplicity of the story .
It 's a masterful little film , and , thanks to Zhang 's seasoned hands , it 's subtly heartfelt but never manipulative .
A father takes a spiritual journey from Japan to China to help mend a decades-long rift between himself and his dying son . The lessons learned en route are as profound as they are simple .
Relatively speaking , minor Yimou , yet it retains that extraordinary cinematic sensibility and superbly observed humanity that characterizes all his work .
Cynics may not fall for its melodrama , but Riding Alone is good for everyone else , including children .
It 's a slow , if solid , film that draws on the strength of Takata 's awakening to the world around him .
It 's a story of emotional and physical distance , one expertly rendered by Chinese director Zhang Yimou .
A gently moving tear-jerker ... a small film , but it has a large heart .
Watching the film is hardly the ordeal that the title implies , but it ought to be more engrossing than , finally , it is .
Takakura , a veteran Japanese actor , gives a masterful performance that provides the movie with most of its weight .
This film illustrates what can happen when two masters work together : Zhang , one of China 's -LRB- and indeed the world 's -RRB- finest directors and Japanese film icon Takakura .
A story of parental devotion and reconciliation that is a treat to the eyes and also an enticement to tears of empathy .
The often stunningly raw landscapes and scenes of village life can not entirely make the film more than exotically accessible , although themes are spelled out , as if by translation .
Slow and pretty and essentially unsatisfying .
Though lovely and scenic , it drones for thousands of miles .
A film about human disconnectedness fails to connect -- or , more precisely , the eventual connections seem a bit forced and a tad maudlin .
`` Riding Alone for Thousands of Miles , '' is a picture so emotionally rich and genuine that I found myself reaching for tissues .
As a sad yet joyful celebration of cultural exchange , Riding Alone plays like a small miracle , unfolding in a world as it ought to be .
In Riding Alone for Thousands of Miles his characters use digital communication appliances to send beautiful sentiments . Using old-school celluloid , so does Zhang .
Veteran Takakura is outstanding , holding things together with an unwavering portrayal that 's as hypnotic as it is subtle .
From lovely touches such as a group of bananas resting on a wooden railing , to a gorgeous sequence filmed in the unearthly Stone Forest , Zhang is a master of detail and spectacle .
One of the most beautiful and touching road movies in recent years .
Manages to evoke deep feeling while mostly dodging excess sentiment ... Takakura brings a masterfully stoic presence that fully complements Zhang 's chosen grayscale .
Yimou 's and Takakura 's combined talents turn a picaresque adventure into a rich vein of a gold mine .
... strangely flat .
There is a great late-career role for Ken Takakura , a Japanese actor , now in his 70s , who started out in gangster films and has been seen in Hollywood films .
The film is simple bordering on sentimental bordering on sloppy , yet it 's kept in artistic check by the vast backdrops of China 's remote Yunnan province and by Takakura 's nearly wordless performance .
-LSB- A -RSB- sentimental , yet surprisingly effective drama .
We 're touched when we are n't expecting it .
Shaded intimacy and old-fashioned wisdom suffers from a ponderous pace and hackneyed undertone .
This is the most deeply moving film of the year , and certainly one of the best .
Takakura gives a fine , touching performance , the kid is adorable , and the supporting characters , particularly Gou-ichi 's imperfect interpreter , Lingo -LRB- Qiu Lin -RRB- , add just the right amount of comic relief .
It 's a shame that Yimou did n't spend more time honing and refining his awkward narrative into a film that 's ultimately greater than the sum of its many , emotionally engaging parts .
There are many languages spoken in this world , but the one most prone to misinterpretation may be the one shared by fathers and sons .
The mushy script , co-written by Zhang , never rises above that of a TV soap opera .
Riding Alone for Thousands of Miles is unlikely to be ranked as one of Zhang 's greatest accomplishments but is clearly the work of a major filmmaker .
It 's an intimately focused tale about the most personal relationships and interactions , from which wider meanings about the human condition touchingly arise .
A profound , powerful , heartfelt odyssey that cuts to the core of what it means to be a loving and virtuous human being .
This is not one of his better films like his epic Hero , but it works well enough .
A lovely piece of progression in its blending of two cultures traditionally at odds with one another .
Yimou sets a small story against a vast and magnificent landscape , but it is the heartfelt and genuine performances and not the breathtaking scenery that capture our hearts .
You may not be crying when Takata finally reaches the end of his journey , but you do come away with a satisfying sense of closure .
trades for the well-tread territory that Hallmark built its name on .
Chinese director Zhang Yimou and Japanese actor Ken Takakura pull off a heartwarming tale of love and forgiveness .
Zhang Yimou takes a pause between marital arts extravaganzas with this simple , affecting melodrama about a mournful Japanese patriarch on an odyssey through rural China .
A terribly sentimentalized account of a Japanese father 's quest to understand what captured the interest and imagination of his estranged son .
-LSB- The film -RSB- deals with a number of subjects -- age , parenthood , estrangement , generosity -- all guaranteed to have you reaching for your hankie . So bring three .
The title takes on and sheds irony . The stoic Takakura meets many new friends eager to help him on his quest , but that does n't make the task any less lonely .
This one 's a long , slow ride down an all too familiar road .
A heart-affecting Chinese film about an elderly man 's journey of love that becomes a path of awakening for him .
Ken Takakura , a great rain-creased oak of an actor , delivers a quietly massive performance .
When your dad says ` Do n't be a stranger , ' he means it -- in
Zhang Yimou perfectly blends emotional real life drama and humorous charm to create another wondrous masterpiece .
Simply put , a masterpiece .
Minor offering from Zhang Yimou .
The tear-jerking ending relies too much on a sobbing crowd of extras -- overall this is a gentle , perceptive but not highly original film .



@highlight

Does n't reach the heights of Zhang Yimou 's best , but this is still a heartwarming tale of love and forgiveness from the acclaimed Chinese director .