There 's a sense of hope that resonates with a character as confident as Wadjda that ca n't be ignored .
In presenting fine details and focusing on her characters rather than on a political agenda , Al-Mansour has created a perfect little movie that just happens to be set against an imperfect and deeply misogynistic society .
Wadjda gives Westerners an opportunity to see day-to-day life , and it is a fascinating view .
Determinedly non-preachy , non-bitter and rapturously uplifting .
A moving film that is punctuated by two heartening debut performances Wadjda never stops to second guess itself in its intent or declaration .
Rather surprisingly , a substantially fun movie .
It is rare for a film with an agenda to have such modest charm .
A cinematic gem , Wadjda is a movie that combines pointed political and social commentary , wonderful performances and an extraordinarily charming young heroine you can root for .
... a well-intentioned yet terminally uneven endeavor ...
There are important films and there are good films , and the two do not necessarily always overlap . Wadjda is both important and very , very good .
Filmmaker Haifaa Al Mansour uses the simple story as our entry into a complex culture and a pointed perspective on how women are treated in Saudi society ...
This is a film to be admired for both its on-screen and off-screen story .
A warm , winning , restless film ... Beautiful , modestly progressive and heartfelt , with a wonderful , brash central performance from first-timer Waad Mohammed .
The overall pro-freedom message comes through loud and clear . Rhetorically speaking , the trick of using childish innocence to reveal adult hypocrisy is virtually foolproof .
It 's a provocative but credible premise and in exploring it , Al Mansour has come up with an engagingly subversive character . Wadjda is a delight .
The film disguises its liberal editorial message with a superbly veiled screenplay ; we 're just looking ... but of course , we 're also seeing , a much more invasive activity
This charming and deceptively simple film about a rebellious young Saudi girl with a dream that defies the culture in which she lives , is a breath of fresh air ; the insight into lifestyle and culture fascinating
By any standards , this -LSB- is -RSB- a fine , moving film and essential viewing for anyone who cares about contemporary cinema .
Her film is like she is , ostensibly playing by the rules , but throwing us enough sidewise glances to let us know that she 's much smarter than she appears .
It has a neat , sly way of folding complex pissed-off politics into crowd-pleasing narrative simplicity .
A kindred spirit to `` Offside '' and `` Persepolis '' , this film is ten times more inspiring than `` Breakaway '' , another tale of an underdog and a bicycle . A must-see .
A series of close and long shots follow as Wadjda rides and wobbles , as she grins broadly and gains momentum in this tiny space , as she shares her glee with Abdullah . Even without using their voices , they express so much .
Rather than making a grand political statement , the film excels in its quieter and more intimate moments .
The movie ends on a highly emotional note that might easily have tipped over into bathos . But Al-Mansour knows her stuff -- she earns her emotion honestly .
Simple but charming .
Al Mansour 's first feature film is a striking achievement .
Wadjda generally feels anchored in the authentic-feeling life of one authentic-feeling girl .
Films like Wadjda do not come around very often .
In the title role Mohammed makes a sweet scamp , wry and watchful , always chancing her arm even as she senses trouble ahead -- which is , in a nutshell , what most Saudi women can expect of life .
Haifaa al Mansour 's debut merits recognition for its fresh-feeling take on the trope whereby the travails of a child protagonist mirror those of a wider society .
The real victory is the mere fact that it exists , because like Wadjda riding a bike , Al Mansour directing a film is considered entirely non-traditional .
On the most basic level , Wadjda is a wonderful piece of filmmaking . It 's a tale that 's delightful and insightful and gently transgressive , and Al-Mansour tells it with economy , lyricism and terrific warmth .
The most radical and cheering message of Wadjda is that a change is n't just possible , but inevitable .
Free from ranting or raving , this quiet celebration of joy of the spirit is one first step towards righting centuries of repressive wrong .
... a glimpse inside a relatively affluent society -LRB- Wadjda and her mother live comfortably , despite enduring financial hardship -RRB- where most people abide in the interstitial territories between secular Western decadence and Islamic fundamentalism .
` You forget that women 's voices should n't be heard by men outside , ' a teacher says near the start of the film , in an early indicator that the movie is going to champion the cause of giving women back their voices , so to speak .
What gives the film such sparkle is how deeply it immerses us in the life of a remarkable little girl .
... details a culture 's repression of women starting at a young age : denial of simple enjoyments , remaining silent and subservient around men , the constant pressure to conceal femininity ; a situation covered in movies that ca n't be covered enough .
The spunky Wadjda offers a familiar story in an unfamiliar setting .
On the surface , it 's about a plucky 10-year-old girl who wants a bicycle and uses ingenuity and hard work to raise money to buy one . Yet it 's really about the crushing future that awaits Wadjda when she grows to womanhood .
-LRB- T -RRB- he first film shot entirely inside Saudi Arabia ... is an insightful and sometimes delightful story of a young girl chafing under but refusing to bend to the social restraints she is only beginning to discover .
Unveils rarely seen glimpses of Saudi culture
Writer/director Haifaa al-Mansour 's story is relatively simple , although the world it reveals is deeply complex .
`` Wadjda '' earns extra points just for being what it is . Who knew that , in a country that famously frowns on women driving cars , some are even allowed to make movies ?
A populist exercise in the neo-realist tradition of `` The Bicycle Thief '' and `` The White Balloon . ''
This delightful debut feature by a Saudi woman named Haifaa Al-Mansour uses a bicycle as a metaphor for freedom within a social circumference .
A movie that 's almost miraculous in the way it subverts our images and expectations of Saudi life .
A sweet little film about the human spirit , about want and energy and determination against unfair odds .
The result is fascinating -- not a flat-out lashing against Saudi Arabia 's patriarchy , yet definitely not an endorsement of it , either .
Beautiful , nuanced tale of an independent Saudi girl .
In Saudi filmmaker Haifaa al-Mansour 's winsome wonder Wadjda , a young girl 's aspirations provide an intimate glimpse into the possibilities and limitations of a cloaked culture .
Though the influence of Italian neorealism is clear in Wadjda 's unshowy style and generosity of spirit , this film remains a singular achievement for all the best reasons .
Both uplifting and realistic , charming and incisive .
More than a critique of Saudi society , `` Wadjda '' offers a character with universal resonance and appeal .
Al-Mansour seems out to make a movie that works in America . Which is likely a savvy move , since it seems unlikely she 's going to get much traction back home .
The film is deserving of its position as a pioneer . It 's a heartfelt , touching peek into the day-to-day life of a culture Westerners rarely get to see .
Wadjda is a movie about freedom - and nothing represents freedom with the metaphoric simplicity and symmetry of a bicycle .
`` Wadjda '' is a terrific film .
Wadjda captures Saudi life on the cusp of serious change , but it 's by no means a solemn drama . Al-Mansour writes and directs with a light touch and hopeful aspect .
An unqualified delight , a sharp , insightful comedy that subversively explores women 's place in Islamic society .
The title character is a charmer and the peek behind the curtain of Saudi Arabia is fascinating .
Charmingly promotes a quiet revolution in Saudi Arabia through the point of view of the rebellious 10-year-old girl to make ... a balanced , humanistic story .
There 's a lot more going on in this first feature film from Saudi Arabia , where movie theaters are banned , than the deceptively simple story of a girl who 's willing to do just about anything to buy her first bicycle .
Not all revolution starts with violence or even outrage . Sometimes it starts with a game of hopscotch .
The film ... is writer/director Haifaa Al Mansour 's very polite gesture of disdain toward this system that keeps women as second-class citizens ...
A simple story told with economy , `` Wadjda '' is a notable example of old-school , humanistic filmmaking .
`` Wadjda '' works quietly and well in its story of a young protagonist questioning the restrictive status quo .
Though writer-director Haifaa Al-Mansour does n't break new ground aesthetically , she relates the experience of a Saudi Arabian girl 's coming of age clearly and unsentimentally , which alone makes this a must-see .
What keeps Wadjda from devolving into a sort of heavy-handed cultural show-and-tell is its title character .
This is not just the first feature by Haifaa Al Mansour but the first feature to be directed by a woman from Saudi Arabia . That is quite a burden , and yet by some miracle the movie bears it with lightness and grace .
Writer/director Haifaa Al-Mansour is not only the first female Saudi Arabian filmmaker , she 's made the first film completely shot in her home country and the fact that it is critical of Islamic views towards women makes it all the more remarkable .
It 's a stunningly assured debut , a slyly subversive delight , and one of my favorite movies of the year so far .
The film does n't sugarcoat the situation in Saudi Arabia-far from it-but by the end , it makes clear in that in the likes of Wadjda , there are real hopes for progress and change in years to come .
What makes the movie so delightful is that Wadjda is n't trying to make trouble ; she 's just being herself .
Cleanly shot , concisely edited , `` Wadjda '' is a film that parents and smart children could enjoy together ; its heroine is both immediately a type -LRB- yes , they roll their eyes in Saudi Arabia , too -RRB- and a very specific character .
Wadjda is a winning and wonderfully moving tale of an endearing 10-year-old girl , living in a suburb of Riyadh , making her voice heard in a patriarchal society that seeks to silence her .
With impressive agility , `` Wadjda '' finds room to maneuver between harsh realism and a more hopeful kind of storytelling .
This quiet film could become something of a cultural thunderclap .
Drawbacks and all , it 's heartening to have `` Wadjda '' around .
An expertly crafted piece of filmmaking ... Wadjda is an object of stark beauty , an oasis of free-spirited cinema emerging from the desert .
This resonant film , detailing struggles in a far-flung place , represents world cinema in the classic sense .
There 's lots of crowd-pleasing triumph at the end of Wadjda 's gauntlet , but it 's the implied tragedy of her future that cuts like a knife to the heart .
Rarely underlining her points when a subtle observation can be made instead , writer-director Haifaa Al-Mansour deftly shows us a Saudi Arabia in flux .
A simple , solid , deeply affecting film , Wadjda is something rare : the work of a female Saudi filmmaker , Haifaa Al Mansour , and a feature from a country that has long outlawed cinemas .
Thanks to this wonderful film , we may now understand a little better what those girls are up against , and how even a modest step forward-like riding a bike-should be celebrated .
It does n't play like reality , but like boilerplate filmic fantasy , and its novel setting and inception struggles seem positioned as a beard -- or veil , if you will -- to mask its mediocrity .
A courageous and creative little girl in the oppressive and patriarchal Saudi Arabian society expresses her rebelliousness and tries to fulfill her dreams .
Wadjda is a well-crafted , liberal and humane message film that will fascinate westerners with its glimpses into the lives of Saudi Arabian women behind closed domestic doors , and stir debate on womens ' issues inside and outside the Middle East .
The first feature ever shot in Saudi Arabia is a winner directed by a woman , Haifaa Al Mansour .
A winning , handsomely crafted story with a charismatic lead guaranteed to charm international auds .
Haifaa Al Mansour 's debut feature presents a firm but understated social critique in the form of an endearing coming-of-age story .
It engages largely because of its rebellious title character , an enterprising , plucky , and very obstinate 10-year-old girl .
The moment Wadjda 's heart leaps when she spots a bicycle on the roof of a moving car that 's hidden by a wall is the scene of the year .
A story about a girl who wants to buy a bike does n't sound particularly groundbreaking . But base the story in Saudi Arabia , and that bike becomes a vehicle to venture into sensitive territory .
Unmissable .
The story is an admirable necklace on which to string facts , anecdotes and insights that illuminate in a good-natured way the lives of women in an unthinking , patriarchal , totalitarian society .
Wadjda is anti-everything groups such as the Taliban stand for . It 's about the joy of making yourself heard .
You 'd need a heart of stone not to be won over by Wadjda , a rebel yell with a spoonful of sugar and a pungent sense of a Riyadh society split between the home , the madrasa and the shopping mall .
Brilliantly directed and superbly written , this is a warmly emotional and gently provocative coming-of-age drama with a terrific central performance from young first-timer Waad Mohammed .
The film never struggles under the strain of its weighty subject matter , delivering an enjoyable and heartfelt tale which combines elements of exhilarating comedy and tense drama that never detract from its bravely articulated subtext .
It may not be great cinema , this plain translucent story , but it point-scores delicately and without malice .
Movies written and directed by women are unthinkable in Saudi Arabia , and indeed this film is banned in filmmaker Mansour 's home country .
It 's a beautifully simple , heartbreaking but inspiring tale that shows how the subjugation of women poisons society and souls .
The novelty value alone is enough to make it of interest but even more noteworthy is the fact that this is such a charming and winning tale .
This is boundary-pushing cinema in all the best ways , and what a thrill it is to hear those boundaries creak .
As simple and charming as you could wish for , this is a genuinely pioneering debut from a female Saudi filmmaker and a striking piece of work by any standards .
Al-Mansour carefully dodges easy uplift , but her message of hope to future generations of Saudi women is clear .
-LSB- A -RSB- delightful and powerfully satisfying film in all ways , an arthouse crowd-pleaser about a charmingly irrepressible protagonist ...
A satisfying and skilfully made film is always something to celebrate , but largely due to the circumstances from which it arose , Wadjda feels like one of the year 's most vital .
The mere completion of Al-Mansour 's film is a towering achievement in itself ; that it 's also got charm and heart to spare is icing on the cake .

@highlight

Transgressive in the best possible way , Wadjda presents a startlingly assured new voice from a corner of the globe where cinema has been all but silenced .