A film about actors , played by some of the best actors the movies have to offer , The Last of Robin Hood still manages to connect to the rest of us with characters whose flaws , though writ large , are all too human .
No doubt about it . Kevin Kline is meant to play Hollywood legend Errol Flynn . It 's just too bad that `` The Last of Robin Hood '' did n't cover more ground .
The careful handling of the story has the unintended effect of sucking the life -LRB- and practically all the juice -RRB- out of what could have been a more-than-delicious piece of cinema trash .
... an exculpatory fairy tale
Movies should n't always judge their protagonists , but a little judging might have helped The Last of Robin Hood .
-LSB- It -RSB- looks lowly and limp , and we seldom feel just how much is at stake .
Clearly , the subject matter makes for a sordid Hollywood tale that 's still relevant today . Why , then , is this story related with all the lackadaisical tempo of a Mutual of Omaha commercial ?
Belongs to a newly active subgenre that we might dub the celebrity bio-episode , to distinguish it from the more conventional biopic ...
Pointless and creepy .
The film becomes a showcase for Kline and Sarandon - and a reminder of how great actors can light up the screen , staying with you even as the rest of the film slips away .
The Last of Robin Hood is relatively harmless . That is also its major flaw , considering the harmful subject matter .
As art , it 's considerably shallow , weighted down by thin writing and wan direction . But the film nevertheless holds you in its grip , as it cuts to the heart of how low people will stoop to gain - or maintain - the perks of celebrity .
A character study of an ultimately pathetic man .
A strong trio of leads ca n't overcome a lackluster script .
Finding the perfect balance between heartbreaking , engaging , and amusing , The Last of Robin Hood is an enchanting drama with dazzling performances from its three leads .
This is a film that is truly about a sketchy , taboo subject , but it 's surprisingly lukewarm , tepid even , taking few risks other than trying to simply lay out events that happened .
Scandalous May-December romance has sex , language .
It 's a magnificent performance by Kline inside a flat , lifeless movie .
Terrific performances help mine the poignancy in a legendary tabloid story .
Technically qualifies as a true-crime tale , and seems to exist mostly out of a sense of marketable prurience : hallmarks of Lifetime 's infamous cable movies .
We are n't provided with enough emotional information and impact to make this believable .
Kline does n't overplay the part , and his performance is ultimately respectful to Flynn 's memory .
While this movie is a fairly middling biopic , it is actually a much more fascinating look at the trappings of fame , show business and celebrity culture . In short , Flynn is the least interesting part of this movie .
The period details are unconvincing , the cinematography is flat , and the performances are surprisingly one note considering the talent involved .
Since it 's impossible to see what the attraction would be , the film 's emotional logic fizzles .
The Last of Robin Hood feels stilted , a chamber piece for the stage rather than a dynamic piece of cinema .
This story about a real-life scandal from the 1950s - one that would light up the Internet if it happened today - comes off as a tepid , polite exercise , a movie afraid of its own shadow .
Kline plays Flynn as a concatenation of jitters , fearful not only of fading but of death ; Fanning is steely yet bright-eyed , and Sarandon flutters meaningfully .
`` The Last of Robin Hood '' plays like a laboratory control experiment gone wrong : What would happen if you made a movie with a great cast and terrible everything else ?
Ultimately the movie feels like an empty exercise . Sure , it 's a cautionary tale about the pitfalls of fame . But when the one figure most worthy of our sympathy is nothing more than a beautiful blonde robot , what 's the point ?
This final-days biopic ... has n't much to raise it above straight-to-DVD caliber save the performance of Kevin Kline in a role he was born to play .
Kevin Kline makes a terrific Errol Flynn . He just picked the wrong movie to prove it .
-LSB- Kline -RSB- sails through his performance as the aging lothario Flynn ; ably supporting Kline are Dakota Fanning as Flynn 's underage paramour and Susan Sarandon as her one-legged mother .
The latest of Kline 's period pictures that wastes no time in dashing your expectations .
The Last Days of Robin Hood combines shredded bits of biography , scandal-sheet gossip-mongering , and philosophical retrospective into an unsightly and , unfortunately , uninteresting mess .
A relentlessly conventional tale of a sensational sex scandal as only Lifetime Films can sell it .
Straightjacketed by copyrights and a low budget ... but with Christine Vachon as producer and Todd Haynes as exec producer , this movie honors melodrama as a method for broadening minds about forbidden love .
It 's less a portrait of a maligned and misunderstood girl , and more a lazy excuse to sift through her dirty laundry .
The film constantly vacillates between queasiness and empathy , and not in a way that suggests emotional or psychological complexity .
How can such a salacious story turn out so dull ?
For a film that 's supposedly railing against sensationalism , it 's awfully quick to indulge its own cocktail of hysterical behavior , limiting an uncomfortably honest assessment of an unsavory situation .
For only the most committed Flynnholics
The film is too wan and distanced to sweep you up , but it holds you , and it does n't - unlike most Hollywood biopics - leave you feeling as if you need a shower .
... the reason to see `` The Last of Robin Hood '' is a spot on performance by Kevin Kline as the aged icon .
... done in by monumental miscasting of Kevin Kline as the washed-up but flamboyant Flynn ... Kline portrays him without an iota of Flynn 's athleticism or sex appeal .
A title as good as `` The Last of Robin Hood '' deserves a better movie . In fact , it deserves a good movie .
Dashing , handsome and self-deprecating , Kevin Kline was born to play Errol Flynn .
The movie 's a bit like the ones Flynn had to settle for at the tail end of his career , slightly out-of-control narratives in which poor , dissipated Errol was brought in to add some shaky pathos .
You ca n't help wondering where `` The Last of Robin Hood '' left its moral compass .
The story comes to feel mild -LRB- and incomplete -RRB- in its tempered nostalgia .
The Last of Robin Hood treads delicately on dangerous ground . Without being prurient or titillating , it could have dared to tell us more .
... the shoddy production -LSB- the directors -RSB- have constructed around their stars undermines a remarkable performance from Kline , who so slips into Flynn 's skin one forgets one is watching an actor playing an actor .
... The Last of Robin Hood remains simply a serviceable vehicle for a rich tale .
In the end it 's a fond , fairly toothless B-movie take on a romance that was n't so much May-December as straight-up statutory .
Robin Hood systematically undercuts rapacious Florence , often quickly showing `` what really happened '' right after her delusory narration of events .
It has the look and feel -LRB- it not the performances -RRB- of an old TV movie - it 's one scene after another in a handful of rooms , plodding towards a foregone conclusion .
Kline , who previously brought Douglas Fairbanks to life for 1992 's `` Chaplin , '' has a field day thrusting and parrying with movie history .
Another promising indie film killed by Dakota Fanning .
Like Lolita , it 's a love story , one that acknowledges there 's a cost attached to love - if it cost us nothing , it would be worth nothing .
Holding the enterprise back , however , is a terribly restrained directorial approach and academic visual style that prevent the lubricious story from truly coming to life .
-LSB- Errol -RSB- Flynn 's final days get the biopic treatment in The Last of Robin Hood , where Kevin Kline plays the late actor with loads of slimy charm .
Kevin Kline does n't just play Errol Flynn here . He becomes Flynn . Not the early heartthrob , but Flynn in his later years after the booze and legendary philandering have taken their toll .
The film has real compassion for its tabloid subjects but does n't quite make the case for what was especially poignant or remarkable about this doomed love affair .
The script represents a too-tame middle ground , which gives the unfortunate impression that perhaps the filmmakers want us to empathize with this icky romance .

@highlight

Kevin Kline 's performance is spot on , but in every other respect , The Last of Robin Hood disappoints .