Collateral holds up despite its more pedestrian elements .
If the final destination 's a bit of a disappointment , getting there is a lot of fun .
Cruise lacked the deepdown malevolence required to bring Vincent to life . I wished him dead in the first few minutes he was on the screen -- and for the wrong reasons .
A visually striking film from the unhinged , endlessly creative mind of Michael Mann .
The year 's best action thriller with excellent performances from its two leads and Mann 's brilliant direction making something as pedestrian as a taxi ride a pulse-pounding thrill ride .
Powerful but violent thriller -- not for kids .
In the homestretch the thrills get too generic and farfetched for their own good . But the first two thirds are a knockout .
Mann takes a predictably clichéd , far-fetched crime yarn and transforms it into a fascinating thriller .
If anyone is ever to mount an argument for the superiority of video over film , this movie would of necessity be very near to the center of that argument .
A very superior thriller with excellent direction and utterly top-notch performances ...
Awesome vision and a compellingly villainous Tom Cruise save this cool contemporary noir from its lukewarm patches .
Every bit as satisfying as a thriller should be , keeping us hanging at every turn . As the credits roll , we are out of breath .
Strong performances and Mann 's muscular direction provide plenty of tension , atmosphere and action-packed teeth .
It 's a solid servicable thriller , one that works throughout watching it but not one that stands particularly out from the bunch ...
A welcome change-of-pace dramatic thriller , in which the formerly too-emphatic director hints at depth rather than insisting on it .
Both actors and the director are having a great time and it shows in every frame .
chic , solid filmmaking
I loved it .
Still a hell of a ride , but could 've used a smoother landing .
Mann 's taxi driver saga may not quite reach the level of art but , anyway you cut it , it 's anything but standard fare .
How does director Michael Mann capture urban twilight so well ?
Collateral takes a premise that is otherwise flawed and makes it into one of the most compelling films of the summer .
Enjoyably unbelievable .
It 's a good thing Mann is such a master director , because the script to Collateral needs all the help it can get .
` Mann logra un producto que si bien no es nada del otro mundo , su atmósfera y las actuaciones valen el precio de admisión '
The first movie about L.A. at night that really looks like L.A. at night .
` Collateral ' is Tom Cruise 's movie , and he and it are impressive .
We thought we would get just some action thriller . What we got was a vivid dreamscape , an intelligent character piece , and one of the best films of the year .
Director Michael Mann and his stellar cast have cobbled together a fast-paced flick that entertains , surprises and sizzles .
A return to form for Michael Mann , Hollywood 's master of the neo-noir genre .
If there was ever an example of a movie 's visual language leaving its verbal and narrative components in the dust , this , unfortunately , is it .
The dapper hitman who proceeds with icy precision on his deadly rounds , is symbolic devil 's advocate to this country 's challenged collective social conscience now
Lo que la coloca un poco por encima del nivel promedio de este tipo de productos es la mano de Michael Mann , un director que filma muy bien cualquier asunto .
-LSB- Mann 's -RSB- still looking out the car windows for something to make a movie about as he 's filming the convictionless scenes .
We 're supposed to be fascinated by what makes Cruise 's Vincent tick , but he turns out to be just a heavily armed gasbag .
Tom Cruise and Jamie Foxx do terrific jobs with a great script and a Director who definitely passes muster here . This is an enjoyable thriller .
Collateral is , simply , a perfectly pitched popcorn movie .
A stylish , impressively directed , smartly written thriller with superb performances by both Cruise and Foxx .
A single LA night compacted into two gripping hours of four big hits and one anticlimactic miss .
Perhaps the best premise for thrills since Speed , only this time the bad guy 's on board and the battle of wits is more philosophical debate than pop quiz .
Vincent es demoledor , cínico , frío , calmo , un hombre solitario , un asesino que reflexiona sobre el sentido de la vida .
For Vincent 's sharp-witted command of the cab and the echoes of The Third Man and Heat , Collateral is well worth targeting .
There 's another , more interesting movie lurking behind the pulp , glimpsed fleetingly in a stunningly-angled shot or a tantalizing line of dialogue .
`` Collateral '' is the type of film that viewers will enjoy if they can bring themselves to the theater .
I actually felt sorry for -LSB- Cruise -RSB- ... because everybody on the screen was better , more natural and convincing , than he was .
I do n't know how many different ways I can say that I love it .
Another winning Michael Mann character study -LRB- see : `` The Insider , '' `` Heat , '' `` Thief '' -RRB- with Jamie Foxx revelatory in the lead .
Em um ano marcado por produções medíocres , Colateral acaba merecendo destaque - não por seus méritos , mas por eliminação .
I empathized with Foxx 's plight : Collateral dragged me on a long , violent ride in the dark to nowhere .
Mann skips off convention like a stone on a river ... impassively observing his Hitchcockian hero : dragged into action and struggling to save the day from a sympathetic devil .
Mann is not a playwright who films his work . He 's an instinctive visual intelligence ; a cinematic fauvist working with a coded color palette .
... Mann 's decision to shoot Collateral using digital cameras is baffling , particularly when you consider how effectively he 's used film in the past .
The story is compelling , the action fast and the acting very good .
Cruise 's performance is a fine one , nicely seasoned with just the right touch of piquantness .
A refreshingly mature and stable actioner with a gritty confidence . There 's an urban subtle slickness about Collateral that resonates so quietly and convincingly
Throughout the gruesome cat-and-mouse game being played by Vincent and Max in Collateral , there 's something psychologically , dramatically and even sociologically interesting going on .
Cruise turns in perhaps his best performance , flashing his trademark smile just once behind his raggedy , greying stubble .
The essence of Mann .
Clearly one of the year 's most impressive and sustained directorial tour-de-forces .
A brilliant example of great characters and conversation .
I got actual , physical chills , not just because the movie is nifty-cool , though it is certainly that , but because it is metal-cool , brrrr-cool , glass-panes-at-midnight cool .
This stylish yet restrained thriller finds Michael Mann indulging most of his best qualities and few of his worst .
... Foxx 's sublime performance is not to be missed .
A superbly well-structured screenplay and an unhurried , sure-handed directorial style . Otherwise , alas , there 's not much to it .
This is a tense , first-rate thriller .
The interesting parts of Collateral never coalesce into a satisfying whole - and the enterprise falls apart in the finale .
There are two or three movies in Collateral , and they will appeal to different audiences
at heart a philosophical allegory that pits Cruise 's nihilism against Foxx 's optimistic humanism
Crackle -LSB- s -RSB- with atmosphere .
No director today , not even Martin Scorsese , matches Michael Mann 's intensity or artistry when he examines how violence corrodes the soul .
Tom Cruise is starring in another hit and , boy , does he look good - even with the white hair .
There 's not always something definite to chew on , but there 's always an artist 's impulse behind it .
For a big , dumb summer action film , Collateral works . But as a taught psychological thriller , this taxi cab runs over a few pot holes .
The story is gripping and the stakes are high ... until the ridiculous coincidence .
Foxx gives a humble yet powerful performance .
in a flick where soap operatic contrivances literally kill the mood , coincidental twist endings just ai n't cool
An engrossing , low-key , character thriller about the collision of ruthless amorality , conflicted decency and masculinity in crisis . Jamie Foxx has arrived as a movie star .
It 's a perfect musical mood mix-tape , until the film 's climax , where Michael Mann evokes a pop song cool on first listen but deadened by excessive airplay .
Where is Danny DeVito when you need him ?
Un suspense qui a de la classe , du style et de l'intelligence à revendre . Dommage que le film sombre dans les pires clichés lors de sa finale .
The surprise inside the story is that if we see the film through the eyes of the assassin Vincent it turns from a thriller into a shaggy dog story .
No one but Tom Cruise could have played the engaging sociopath riding through the sleazy , searing faded opulence of L.A. by night .
Could someone please let Michael Mann know that we 're in the 21st Century , Miami Vice has been cancelled and he can move on ?
-LRB- Director Michael Mann -RRB- creates a noirish atmosphere in which you can almost smell the danger .
Cruise gets out-Foxxed and Collateral develops more tension for the distinction .
The movie is intense , not for the scenes of action , but for the way evil and decency fight it out on the conversational battleground of two men .
With ` Collateral , ' Michael Mann clearly demonstrates he 's a master at creating almost perfect filmic pace and exquisite movie suspense .
The sort of movie that embarrasses others in its genre , showing how action / crime movies can be done when they 're handled by folks who really know what they 're doing .
Although Cruise is the star of Collateral , Foxx is the anchorman .
Most of the time we are with Cruise and Foxx , and their interplay is never less than galvanizing .
The film always looks great , even when it 's not .
The best of studio filmmaking -LRB- big stars and intense action sequences -RRB- with all the better elements of innovative indie filmmaking -LRB- original conception and gritty production values -RRB- .
If Collateral 's occasionally far-fetched plot inhibits it from becoming state-of-the-art Mann , it 's still a terrific piece of filmmaking .
... Collateral '' is very much an adult thriller - and this one is at the top of its form .
It is a shame the film is n't more ambitious than it is , but that does n't mean you ca n't respect what it does accomplish .
While Cruise was clearly the draw , it is an unexpected Foxx that carries the film ; Denzel Washington now has a reason to watch his Oscar-winning back .
What 's special about Michael Mann 's new crime thriller Collateral is n't that it treads new ground or goes in new directions but that it is so naturally rhythmic to the cadences of multifaceted humanity .
but for all intents and purposes this is a two character play on a bare stage ... and a damn fine one at that .
After that promising start , Collateral ratchets down , gradually , to being only average .
A pure cinematic experience .
Slick , stylish and a silver Cruise .
Collateral '' is lean and mean . From a frenetic shootout in one nightclub to deadly betrayal over drinks in another , Mann does n't waste a moment .
There are many things to enjoy , from Tom Cruise 's surprisingly authoritative performance to the unpredictable plot .
Flim flam funnyman , turned film man , Jamie Foxx , stole this film ...
If Collateral is all formula , it 's polished to a fine sheen .
Collateral is the best kind of genre filmmaking : It plays by the rules , obeys the traditions and is both familiar and fresh at once .
-LSB- T -RSB- he most deliciously intoxicating Mann movie yet , slippery cool and brashly elegant , fresh and furious ...
A crime drama made with immense skill .
-LSB- Tom Cruise has -RSB- never been this convincingly wicked .
an intriguing , if predictable , ... story that benefits strongly from an everyman performance by Jamie Foxx and a dead on , chew the scenery supporting perf by Mr. Cruise
It 's straight-up entertainment , not something to see and then talk about a month later , but definitely something to enjoy .
A sort of dud-brained Taxi Driver on the slick streets of Los Angeles rather than the steaming streets of New York .
A genuinely original modern thriller .
My nominee for the most effective film yet shot digitally .
The best thing Mann brings to his picture is a strong sense of time and place .
Combines action film and film noir tropes and transforms present-day Los Angeles into a vertiginous , high-tech wilderness where it 's hard to distinguish the hunters from the hunted .
Cruise has almost nothing going for him this time around in the way of props , and even less than usual in the way of character .
Collateral is n't a shockingly original motion picture . But the strength of the lead performances and the stylish direction of Michael Mann obscure the weaknesses in plotting and credibility .
Unfortunately , Mann and screenwriter Stuart Beattie are n't content to settle for a psychological thriller , they want their action , too , and that 's where the movie begins to go completely awry .
It looks terrific -LRB- as usual -RRB- , and even when the movie does n't make much sense -LRB- pretty much all the time -RRB- it is addictive .
Yet another lackluster late-summer thriller .
Gorgeous and entertaining .
Feels a lot like the sort of stock , early - '80s thrillers that Mann once tried to make extinct .
Though it is a far less ambitious entertainment than Tarantino 's masterpiece , it has its moments .
Beautifully written , visually mesmerizing .
Collateral is a small , modest movie writ large by people so talented , they are n't capable of anything less .
-LSB- A -RSB- hauntingly good , surprisingly funny slam-bang thriller .
A superior thriller with attitude to spare .
A white-knuckler so well-realized that it nearly defies the limitations of its action-thriller genre .
Mann brings some of the style and assurance he brought to Heat and Thief .
A fairly typical bang-bang exercise with outrageous shootouts , lots of dead bodies and well-placed comic relief .
Intelligent , elegantly written and well-acted .
A little difficult to get into .
It 's just a shame that Collateral ultimately reverts to genre formula and robs its inventive paradigm of becoming established as a new standard .
Collateral takes us on a wild night ride through Los Angeles .
Arguably the best studio film of the summer .
Collateral stretches the bounds of coincidence , physical survival and the allure of a cabbie beyond all belief .
A suspense thriller with little real suspense and few thrills .
This is a rare thriller that 's as much character study as sound and fury .
Collateral is the kind of sleek Maserati that can make men weak in the knees , but the sad truth is that it has a straight-4 under the hood .
Mann never lets the audience settle into familiar patterns , crafting a moody , mesmerizing battle between good and evil .
Visually , ` Collateral ' locates the post-apocalypse landscape growing within a city still waiting for its apocalypse .
The real delight is soaking up Cruise 's acting . He is terrific .
... first and foremost a director 's movie ... -LSB- one -RSB- that shows off Mann 's endlessly restless eye -- and his flair for finding arresting images in the unlikeliest places .
Foxx 's performance is a revelation : he is completely convincing and understated , moving effortlessly through a wide range of ... conflicts both comical and severe .
... first and foremost a continuation of director Michael Mann 's love affair with nocturnal urban landscapes .
-LSB- Mann -RSB- covers up for the film 's entirely routine climactic chase with an innovative use of windows , glass and reflections .
As realistic as an episode of HBO 's Taxicab Confessions , without that stimulating voyeuristic quality modern audiences crave .
-LSB- Mann -RSB- has unimpeachable visual flair ... spinning through camera angles to aptly demonstrate the disconnected , disjointed feel of L.A. .
A perfect hit .
Reminiscent of the orchestrated mayhem of vintage John Woo , this is showpiece kinetic filmmaking .
Tom Cruise and Jamie Foxx give the movie tension and momentum , and director Michael Mann gives it something most action flicks lack : style .
Someone 's been playing a little too much Hitman on their PlayStation 2 .
Sit back and enjoy the action ride of the summer .
Lands solidly in the worthwhile category , rather than the slush pile .
One of the best action movies of 2004
Nice guy Tom Cruise is bad - very bad - in Michael Mann 's new movie , Collateral . And that 's good .
Mann has made a solid film here , effectively atmospheric and intelligent , minor defects notwithstanding .
In a summertime season full of gee-whiz spectacle and generally mindless gizmos , it 's exciting to see an `` action flick '' this mature and refined and well-conceived .
On paper , the plot for Collateral looks like it could be any one of a hundred summer action flicks -- but onscreen , it 's one in a million .
A compulsively watchable movie that takes what could have been a standard-issue thriller and makes it feel thrillingly alive ...
Cruise makes a believable bad guy , surprisingly menacing and completely convincing as a hard-hearted killer .
The dynamic between cabbie and killer is at the heart of this one , and though there are some great foot chases and gunfights , it 's the little details that make it work .
A boffo piece of adrenaline-charged entertainment .
A summer film for grown-ups , delivering verve and intelligence along with its pulsing visuals .
Collateral , even though cowboyed up with implausible action in a couple of pivotal scenes , is that rarest of thriller . In this one , words can also kill .
Where Mann makes it his own is in his sharp , clean execution , visceral action scenes , and images saturated in the hyperintense colors of the neon and florescent night .
Somewhere along the way , the gimmick and suspense had worn out leaving the only real gray matter as the product coloring Cruises ' hair .
A stirring two-hour footnote to -LSB- Mann 's -RSB- masterpiece Heat .
It 's too bad that halfway through , Collateral turns into a series of loud , chaotic , over-the-top action set pieces in which the existentialist Mann proves he 's lousy at action .
Mann puts Collateral through its paces so elegantly that even the most predictable scenes deliver a wallop .
Flawed but captivating .
the West Coast answer to Scorsese 's -LRB- ` After Hours ' -RRB- : Both movies are soaked in urban moodiness and disillusionment ... rough-edged , often jarring and emotionally elusive ...
Collateral crackles with energy and purpose , a propulsive film with character on its mind and confident men and women on both sides of the camera .
Foxx rises to the challenge , giving his best performance to date .
Intense and unflinching , it 's paralyzingly seductive and suspenseful .
Intriguing how each of 2 characters , wholly different in temperament , transferred some traits to the other within a single night .
Collateral is an engrossing thriller set in Los Angeles about a procrastinating cab driver whose life is transformed by his encounter with a merciless hit man .
Yet Mann finds a way of easing into this material ; you appreciate his professionalism even as you roll your eyes .
Cruise thrills in his first killer role and has found a worthy collaborator in director Michael Mann .
Pitched between interludes of anxious intimacy and equally nerve-shredding set pieces , Michael Mann 's edgy new thriller scores its points with underhand precision .
Well-cast and well-acted , top to bottom .
A suspenseful , jolting and even thrilling ride .
A long nighttime ride with a hitman and a tight script that produces a dramatic punch at every third mile marker .
Stylishly made , if less intellectually resonant than first-rate Mann films like Ali and The Insider .
Collateral is an ultimate thrill ride through the mean streets of L.A. , powered by a killer performance -LRB- pun intended -RRB- from Tom Cruise .
Cruise is a little out of his range but that works oddly well , giving him a little frisson of uncertainty underneath the Terminator-like singlemindedness of the character .
Vincent 's ferocity -LRB- designated by Cruise 's grim-face mode -RRB- is the film 's most distracting cliché .
As much a dark , odd couple comedy as it is a quirky , efficient little thriller .
Taut , exciting and intelligent , Collateral is just the movie this summer needed .
Arguably the first film Mann has made that marries the painstaking style of Heat and Manhunter with the gripping substance of The Insider .
Mann hits a new peak , orchestrating action , atmosphere and bruising humor with a poet 's eye for urban darkness .
-LSB- Jamie Foxx is -RSB- the reason to see Collateral , as he walks into the frame and walks off with the picture .
Mann 's film makes Tom Cruise fun to watch again , because he occasionally plays someone besides Tom Cruise .
Collateral has such classy trappings , you 're constantly expecting more -- but while there may be less here than meets the eye , this is solid stuff in the midst of Hollywood 's dog days .
Outstanding performances and an air-tight script elevate this straightforward story into a formidable thriller .
As violent thrillers go , Collateral goes down quite nicely , stirring up hardly any acid reflux at all .
A throwback to Mann 's 1995 Heat .
An expertly-made thriller .
Cruise and Foxx are great , and this is easily the most accessible Michael Mann film ever .
A thing of lean , cool beauty , the movie 's a killer showcase for Foxx and Cruise .
Cruise and Foxx are so good together because they allow the two characters to get under each other 's skin . They 're buddies and enemies at the same time .
Cruise is great as the evil , heartless hit man -LRB- did Nicole Kidman write the script ? -RRB- .
... one of the best of the year .
A sleek and suprisingly substantive crime thriller .
A pulverizing entertainment with a side order of existential dread -LRB- and if there 's any justice -- Cruise 's riotously flat ` Yo , homies ! ' will soon become a catchphrase . -RRB-
Michael Mann is to cinema today what Miles Davis was to music forty years ago : a consummate artist pushing both himself and his chosen art form to new levels
Mann works intelligent , polished magic on a B-movie noir script that would -LRB- have been -RRB- a catch-phrase-fraught action-explosion flick in the hands of most big-budget directors .
An audaciously empty-headed picture -- Mann fiddling around with making a poem out of a sledgehammer .
A movie that 's unflinchingly real , carried by standout performances and an almost viciously alive digital style .
... a taut thrill ride that succeeds thanks to solid performances by Foxx and Cruise , and those ever-present Michael Mann visual touches .
While engaging the senses , it starves the brain ... the picture is all flash and no light -- but the flash is brilliant .
In spite of a somewhat disappointing conclusion , Collateral still delivers on several levels .
Though there are certain key moments that require a suspension of disbelief , that 's a small price to pay for such an expertly crafted film .
A roller-coaster ride of transient pleasures .
A fine summer movie .
A slim drink of thin beer , remarkable only as evidence that Mann might have a modern masterpiece in him if he were cut loose and allowed to roam around in his own obsessions .
Mann has become a master builder of sequences , the opposite of the contemporary action directors who produce a brutally meaningless whirl of movement .
This intensely focused piece soars not only on the director 's precision-tooled style but also on the outstanding interplay between leads Tom Cruise and Jamie Foxx .
A high-concept thriller with no other agenda . Nevertheless , it is quite a ride .
A pretty cool idea , however , two or three `` unbelievabilities '' soured the film for me ; they might not for you .
The year 's best action thriller with excellent performances from its two leads and Mann 's brilliant direction .
From its classy , crisp opening moments , Collateral bombards the viewer with bold imagery and sounds ... we are in Mann country .
Michael Mann has whipped up a slick neo-noir , rife with mordant humor and hard-boiled action set in a town without pity
Collateral is an arrestingly written and acted dramatic thriller that refuses to cut easy corners for the majority of its running time . An enthralling experience .
A master of grand operatic gestures , Mann 's broad-sided portrayals of machismo do n't work when confined to a chamber piece .









@highlight

Driven by director Michael Mann 's trademark visuals and a lean , villainous performance from Tom Cruise , Collateral is a stylish and compelling noir thriller .