Although a slightly over-dramatic ending holds the film back from greater heights , this is on the whole , quite enjoyable for kids as well as adults .
Animated movies especially , suffer the greatest drop in quality with sequels . But Kung Fu Panda 3 is a definite exception to the rule . The third instalment is just as quirky , funny and engaging as the first one .
Long on pandas but distinctly short of magic , humour and , notably , the sort of visual spectacle we 've come to expect .
There 's nothing wrong with # 3 , but there 's nothing especially delightful for surprising about it , either . And it 's definitely not original .
The story moves along nimbly , punctuated by beautiful moments of family bonding .
Building on character development and plot points from the first two films , this story manages to feel both like a complete tale in and of itself and like the successful continuation .
Directors Jennifer Yuh Nelson and Alessandro Carloni give Po 's adventures the same gorgeously stylized look as in the previous films and find good humor in Po 's unexpected return to his fellow pandas .
While the newness of the original film is long gone , this third installment is not just the culmination of the series but the best of them ... and the perfect place to stop .
Kung Fu Panda 3 concludes on a definite high note , filled with eye-popping animated set pieces as well as thrilling story beats that I was perfectly entertained by .
Kung Fu Panda 3 revisits the same themes as its predecessors ... But that familiarity does n't lessen the film 's emotional impact and solid laughs .
It 's hard to be cynical about Kung Fu Panda 3-it 's part of a series that is so good-hearted and fun and it clocks in at a loose 90 .
A moving character study and an exciting action-adventure-comedy , and it is also desperately gorgeous .
From the colourful , psychedelic realm of the spirits to the playground-like panda kingdom , the art here is stylish and arresting .
A cynical cherry-picked mish-mash of China 's spiritual treasures for Hollywood 's bottom line , rather than the sincere children 's bedtime story it should be ? It 's still good .
Part three gives a wider canvas to one of the best characters in the franchise , the high-strung and business-oriented Mr Ping .
One of the most pleasing franchises in animation , Po and his stalwart companions mix Western and Eastern tropes together to create a pleasing amalgam with some of the industry 's best animation , both traditional and modern .
A plot as patchy as a panda does n't mar the enjoyment of this third look at the animated high-kicking bear and his fighting animal friends . The animation ... is super-smooth .
Kung Fu Panda 3 is no game-changer , but it 's a solid entry into a consistently fun and funny animated franchise .
It may serve up exactly the same mix of mayhem , noodles and dumplings as the first two films in the series , but Kung Fu Panda 3 is still energetic and wildly entertaining fare .
Both the writing and the animation are especially strong this time around , drawing in bigger themes while still keeping things both thrilling and very silly .
Kung Fu Panda is that rare film that actually benefits from the 3D process .
This nearly-five-years-later follow-up to the second effort 's again flat and strained , although the animation is even snazzier .
The third instalment in the beloved Kung Fu Panda franchise is as amusing and charming as ever .
There is plenty in Kung Fu Panda 3 that echoes the first film and the sequel , but it 's not tired recycling . Instead , the movie deftly reinforces and extends what has gone before .
It 's smart , colourful , easy fun for the whole family .
We 're treated to less of the same , and while that is disappointing , it does n't deny this trilogy from being one of the best franchises to come out of DreamWorks Animation Studios .
If the little - ` uns are n't in the mood for a repeat viewing of the far-superior Zootopia , then this just about does the trick .
A happy whirlwind of colour , 3D dazzle and Kung Fu madness , this third film in the panda franchise continues to blossom like its unlikely hero , who learns to become the best he can be , through his journey of self worth and belonging
Another darn fun entry in this deservingly popular series .
If you liked the Kung Fu Panda films and Monsters Inc , you will like this .
http://www.tomatazos.com/noticias/143782/Nuevas-imagenes-de-High-Rise
A worthy sequel but you kinda miss the surprise factor of the original . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A saga that grows with his main character . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Animated films bloom again with this great sequel . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A simple story to close the trilogy , but one that leaves you with a good taste in your mouth . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The chi of the film is bight and mighty . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A great sequel that 's on par with the other two films when it comes to quality . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Kung Fu Panda 3 delivers and then some . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's a role that Jack Black , who co-wrote , clearly relishes . Angelina Jolie , Seth Rogen and Jackie Chan all return for what is a predictable but enjoyable , heart-warming story with lots of nice details and gorgeous colour .
The film is simultaneously sweet , simple and savvy .
The story is a little slight and rushed in places but it has -LRB- n -RRB- oodles of charm and good humour .
The film 's mixture of cheerful life coaching and action-packed adventure is sweet and winning .
It 's amiable , colourful fare , buoyed up by occasional moments of beauty , most of them in the dazzling background designs - both worldly and otherworldly .
The animation is gorgeous , too , drawing its inspiration from sources as richly diverse as ancient Chinese scrolls and the fantastical landscapes found on Roger Dean 's prog-rock album covers .
The colors , the textures and the endearing characters are there , but soemthing seems to be missing in this sequel . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Dreamworks gets another hit with this sequel that wors perfectly . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It has several lessons which may well be directed to children or any viewer . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A beautiful movie aesthetically inspired by Chinese art and a strong message about believing in yourself . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's sweet , irresistible stuff , but the animation is absolutely spectacular , blending influences from ancient Chinese and Japanese art with a glorious palette of colours to create something truly special .
Gaze in wonder at the beautiful woodcut-inspired landscapes , the 2D manga-style flashbacks , and the inventive choreography . Skidoosh , indeed .
The inventive visual side is stirring , dazzling and vibrant , an exemplar of creative grandeur and finesse .
Decent , generic fun for all the family .
Kung Fu Panda 3 makes sure to continue the tradition of being perfectly pleasant for parents to sit through after being dragged to the multiplex by their kids .
In terms of optical stimulation , there 's something to please all of the people at least some of the time . Even when it all gets a bit Confucius .
Po the chubby panda and his fellow anthromorphs return for another exhilaratingly silly DreamWorks adventure , this time with a formidable new villain to vanquish , in the form of Kai , an enormous , snorting , bull-like creature from the Chinese spirit world .
A great 3rd part , exploring the character in new ways and showing us great action animated sequences . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Visually stunning , Kung Fu Panda 3 is also a very fun and entertaining movie . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This is the weakest entry in the trilogy . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Kung Fu Panda 3 leaves us amazed by pushing the limits of the animators imagination when it comes to showing what they can do with martial arts . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Nothing short of a tranquilliser dart or a polo mallet to the back of the head is apparently going to stop the gobsmackingly successful Kung Fu Panda franchise .
Starting in the exploding mountains of the spirit realm and concluding with a spectacular musical set piece - what else but Kung Fu Fighting ? - this third instalment of the animated children 's franchise knows how to impress .
Rather than the cynical ` one last grab ' of the series , Kung Fu Panda 3 might actually be the best .
The first two films laid down a distinctive visual template which this pushes ever further into trippy , sliced-and-diced abstraction , nodding frenetically to the techniques of the wuxia martial arts genre .
In spite of being the third entry in the series , the concept is still fresh and endearing . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
In the case of Kung Fu Panda - it 's never been in any doubt that there is the scope in this narrative to fulfil a third entry into the franchise , and warrant a return into this particular world .
While the adventure is not as entirely ` Awesome ! ' as its predecessor , or as its hero proclaims it to be , it is - as he is also fond of exclaiming - ` Sweet ! '
Kung Fu Panda 3 actually feels like part of the story , like it has a good reason to exist on its own , aside from just being an investment for a movie company .
Endearing , action-jacked , and self-effacingly funny , Kung Fu Panda 3 simply reaffirms it has a Wuxi Finger Hold on the chop-socky , Taoist , slapstick kids-animation market .
Kung Fu Panda 3 follows that same template almost to the letter and punctuation mark . But it 's so engaging and entertaining that its reliance on that well-worn hero 's journey narrative does n't feel stale .
Kung Pow ! for Kung Fu Panda 3 . The third in the series is all that !
There 's a rich , colorful narrative to experience through a character like Po , who 's a klutzy goof on the outside , but is finding the graceful spirit within .
The third installment ties up the tale of our beloved hero very nicely .
So vividly immersive is Kung Fu Panda 3 - so vibrant , so tactile - it will make you feel as if you 've stepped into a fully realized world . And then once you 've stepped out , you 'll be craving dumplings .
If this sounds like a lot of eastern philosophy and religion , it is , but it is also a good story , with strong characters . There is also some kung fu action , of course , but the main story is about the spiritual journey of Po .
Makes January at the movies a little brighter .
The new sequel lacks the tear-jerking revelations and darker edge that characterized its predecessor . Visually though , it 's a candy-colored 3-D treat , from the exquisite sunset that shimmers over the panda enclave to the psychedelia of the spirit world .
Fun for the whole family ! Funny , creative and by the film 's end , you take away lessons for being a better person . A good time .
As Perfect as Black is for Po , Kung Fu Panda 3 is a pretty good indication that everything runs its course . Time to let the bear live on as another actor 's impression on Saturday morning TV .
As the year of the goat gives way to the year of the monkey , Kung Fu Panda 3 is a nice way to celebrate the calendar turning .
The only thing more adorable than one panda or a father-son pair of pandas is an entire village of the two-toned creatures .
Absolutely the only thing wrong with Kung Fu Panda 3 is that it 's the third film in a series that is starting to show the inevitable signs of strain .
With a star-studded voice cast -LRB- Black in the lead , with Rogen and Cross on backup -RRB- there 's no shortage of humor . But the animation is the real standout in the film .
Like the first two , it 's stylishly pretty to look at , and the over-the-top fight scenes and visual humor -LRB- courtesy of directors Alessandro Carloni and Jennifer Yuh -RRB- are amusing .
I think the secret to the appeal of the entire Kung Fu Panda franchise is the enormous affection we feel for Po , that seemingly bumbling good guy who also can rise to the occasion and showcase true heroism and mystical power .
Winded , out of ideas and laughs .
With a moderate level of fun , the cuddly ` Kung Fu Panda 3 ' rises above unbearable .
Sweetly supernatural , revolving around the concept of family and forgiveness , recommended for children over the age of six .
` Kung Fu Panda 3 ' kicks in with ready-made anticipation from two successful predecessors and should please most kids and adults .
Best . Panda . Ever . A threequel that beats the standard with fight , fun and loads of heart .
This latest effort seems designed simply to meet fan expectations rather than try something new .
Another successful entry in this dependably smart and well-crafted franchise for kids .
Kids , especially those who enjoyed the previous Kung Fu Panda movies , will appreciate what the third movie has to offer .
A stylistic and creative extension of a unique franchise .
Kung Fu Panda 3 may be the least of the three films , but it 's still good family entertainment .
Once again , it 's fun to look at and full of wisecracks , which , coupled with the dueling-dads subplot , may be enough to see you through .
Po now has an almost infinite number of movies to advance from Dragon Warrior to Master of Chi to ... Ol' Dirty Bastard , which is what I assume the ultimate Shaolin title is .
Kung Fu Panda 3 is a well-meaning piece of escapism for kids - one that shows signs of wear in the larger computer-animated kung fu franchise .
slick , witty , and not afraid to embrace the essential silliness of a story that finds a Kung Fu rooster taking on a water buffalo , and a bug getting the best of a simian
Fun , but It 's the same movie over again . I 've had enough dumplings , thanks . Ski-doosh .
We 've reached the point , somewhat prematurely , that comes in almost every movie franchise , where the sequels start to feel like episodes .
Any spark or originality this series had has been wrung out by this point and is really of no value to anyone other than a desperate parent looking for 90 minutes of non-sensibility-offending distraction for their kids .
The stunning visuals surpass the high standards set by its predecessors , but storywise , it breaks no new ground .
Perfectly solid , diverting family entertainment with well-drawn characters , involving action , and some nice messages . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Scary Scenes , etc. - Also Available -RRB-
`` Kung Fu Panda 3 '' continues the fun while completing a circle , but it fails to reach the trilogy 's artistic pinnacle , `` Kung Fu Panda 2 . ''
-LSB- It 's -RSB- mostly like those dishes at my old Chinese buffet - stretched thin , badly reheated and really , best taken in very small quantities .
Audiences may enter Kung Fu Panda 3 with their arms folded tightly against their chest . Here 's betting they 'll leave pining for more Po .
The animation is still strong - there are some interesting and refreshingly uncuddly depictions of the spirit world from whence Kai springs - but , mainly , KFP3 is too much of a good thing .
It 's gloriously colorful , very funny and , better yet , unexpectedly substantive and genuinely moving .
`` Kung Fu Panda 3 '' does n't quite raise the bar but that 's only because the first two films set such an incredibly high standard .
Kung Fu Panda 3 provides a welcome reminder of what the talented artists at DreamWorks can do when they 're given worthwhile material .
Like the martial arts masters themselves , the film achieves a seemingly effortless balance .
Writers Jonathan Aibel and Glenn Berger ... unfurl the narrative with buoyant clarity , gentle charm and much endearing -LRB- read : sweetly hokey -RRB- humor . The tale 's `` be yourself '' mantra , though nothing new , is also well used .
The main reason families enjoy the series is Po , thanks to Jack Black 's frenetic and friendly approach . There 's just enough huggable and HiYa ! moments to keep the animated film 's core audience chomping on their popcorn and glued to the screen .
A fun , vibrant sequel that 's the perfect counterpoint to the darkly themed second entry , this series shows no sign of slowing down , as the tale of martial arts master Po takes an unexpected turn rife with possibilities .
Could it be possible that a second sequel can be as good or better than its slightly above-average original ? Kung Fu Panda 3 says yes ! It 's the Return of the King of the trilogy .
Waaaaay too talky and overcomplicated .
This is a visually stunning picture , a rhapsody of saturated color and contrasting texture , from the painstaking detail of coarse panda fur to the painterly dreamscape that is the spirit world .
Kung Fu Panda 3 delivers a great message to young people , some of the most gorgeous animation out there , and action-comedy that will amuse those of all ages .
Kung Fu Panda 3 brings a more-than-satisfactory conclusion to the story ...
`` Kung Fu Panda 3 '' continues the Po saga , setting up for the next installment , of course , but in a way that makes you want more .
The whole fightin ' - bear jamboree is agreeable enough , but it takes some of the spotlight away from Black being Black , and does n't jibe with messages about having a sense of self , of what makes you you .
In Hollywood 's franchise game , sequels are seldom the best they can be . This one is n't , but it 's pretty , perfectly pleasant and good enough .
Like a well-made dumpling , it 's not too heavy but not too light , has the right amount of spice , and leaves one with some appetite for the next time .
A visually stunning but story-wise pretty threadbare entry in the popular series .
This is a nice , kid-friendly movie . But it also makes some disingenuous choices at key moments that deflate its value .
DreamWorks ' delightful Kung Fu Panda series has only gotten better with age
Few animated franchises have the honor of reaching this milestone without a sharp decline in quality ... Kung Fu Panda 3 remains relevant because it evolves with its audience , introducing deeper themes and messages .
Features the same heart , humor and action of the first two films .
Unfortunately , looks are n't everything . The plot is plodding and predictable .
It 's easy to mistake the simplicity of plot and theme here for simple-mindedness - this is n't Pynchon or Proust . Kung Fu Panda 3 has the economy of a Zen koan , not to mention its inner harmony and wisdom .
The directors ... make sure to let Po stay the charming bumbler he 's always been . That 's what makes him such an earnest , lovable hero .
The screening I attended was full of youngsters , and the only sound I heard from them was consistent laughter , not chatter . Sounded like an endorsement to me .
As cute and fun as the Kung Fu Panda movies have been , this seems like a good time to walk away .
`` Kung Fu Panda 3 '' has a moment or two for everyone , but no chance develop any character beyond a single dimension . The next scene has often arrived before the viewer can process the last one .
Kung Fu Panda 3 is often inspired as animation , and tired as everything else .
`` Be the best you you can be '' is this movie 's message , and writers Jonathan Aibel & Glenn Turner , and directors Alessandro Carloni & Jennifer Yuh heed their own advice throughout this brisk romp .
Mostly , Kung Fu Panda 3 is just fun .
While the story is n't completely engrossing , character charms and creative visual design remain as beguiling as ever .
Black and white and fun all over , Kung Fu Panda 3 achieves best-of-franchise status with a story that goes deeper than typical kid fare , wrapped in beautifully crafted animation .
Lots of comedic fight scenes break up the story 's more somber stretches , and the animation , especially in 3-D , is simply gorgeous .
At this point , there 's really nothing new to discover in a Kung Fu Panda movie , but it 's still nice to see old friends every so often .
If Kung Fu Panda 3 feels like a step down , it 's only because it 's got a sterling pedigree to live up to .
Though entertaining at times , Kung Fu Panda 3 is n't entirely different from watching that video of Tian Tian , the Smithsonian 's National Zoo panda , rolling in the snow on an hourlong loop
The `` Kung Fu Panda '' formula works , still , and if directors Alessandro Carloni and Jennifer Yuh do n't reinvent the panda-as-martial-artist wheel , they avoid making the story seem stale .
A singular look , an exemplary vocal cast , and a narrative arc like a caress . That 'll be the Kung Fu Panda franchise 's legacy , the idea that should n't have worked but did , beautifully and with its own chi .
Tightly written and marvelously imaginative , -LSB- Kung Fu Panda 3 -RSB- is also one of the loveliest animated features to be released recently .
Just complicated enough to reward steady viewers and just simple enough for parent escorts to enjoy without much prior knowledge .
The three ` Kung Fu Panda ' films are powerfully forgettable but they 're also handsomely made , extremely pretty , elegantly designed and funny exactly when they need to be .
While it lacks the wonder and nuance of earlier Pandas , there are enough new faces and wowing , Asian-influenced style to also keep parents amused for an hour and a half .
A vividly entertaining adventure story with beautiful animation and a solid way to continue the arc of the titular protagonist .
`` The best thing Kate Hudson has done in 16 years . ''
In studio movies , especially for children , all it takes to be great at something difficult is a good heart and a training montage . Go on , America , keep yelling at Common Core while parking your kids in front of this stuff .
This is a bright and shining example of how to do a sequel right .
It finds a benefit in its genre affiliation , evenly distributing its action in quick bursts of fluidly animated fight choreography .
Upbeat but intense threequel looks at identity , family ties .
While visually gorgeous and generally entertaining , this third installment of the DreamWorks Animation franchise is a comedown from the first two superb entries .
Refuses to panda to the lowest common denominator .
A winning lightness of touch prevails in this delightful continuation of the durable DreamWorks franchise .
He 's just a Po boy , from a Po family , who must spare him his life from that monstrosity .
Fitfully amusing and certainly heartfelt , this latest chapter in the likable animated saga will work best with younger viewers , but its life lessons and emotional beats feel slathered on rather than deftly woven into the storyline .
Between the witty screenplay , delightful visuals that jump back and forth between 3-D and 2-D animation , and a consistently game voice cast , this third serving never feels like a dull retread or a lazy cash grab .

@highlight

Kung Fu Panda 3 boasts the requisite visual splendor , but like its rotund protagonist , this sequel 's narrative is also surprisingly nimble , adding up to animated fun for the whole family .