Even really fine actors like Annette Benning and Ed Harris ca n't do much with this ludicrous doppelganger story .
... the material repeatedly shies away from the eeriness and unease the intriguing premise deserves-this could have been melodrama of a higher order .
This thoughtful , if slightly melodramatic , film is a throwback to the four hankie pictures of the 1940s ...
The Face of Love quickly accumulates emotional subplots that distract from this central idea .
Bening and Harris pour so much genuine emotion into their roles in this Vertigo-like romantic melodrama that they just about carry the film 's fanciful premise .
Both leads take on the task of the dysfunctional couple admirably , but their efforts crash against a stubbornly creaky script .
Sadly , this all feels like a wasted effort .
The actors , though , lift the material . The most poignant performance comes from the late Robin Williams in a cameo as Nikki 's neighbour and friend .
Middle-aged romances are rare on the big screen , so it 's frustrating that this one is so badly compromised by a series of contrived plot points .
The story 's plausibility is stretched in places , but it is held together by Bening and Harris , both of whom are wholly convincing at all times .
Perhaps it needed a young M Night Shyamalan to endow it with some final whiplash twist .
A soapy but stirring romance with two committed leads .
Interesting set-up , but follow-through does n't quite work .
Assumes the guise of a compelling psychological drama , taking in grief and obsession and overcoming its cheesier moments to deliver something unexpectedly powerful .
The Face of Love is light on impact ... and could have been so much more than it wound up being .
A slightly soporific , shapeless drama that does contain some fine performances from the reliable Annette Bening and Ed Harris .
It says something for the excellent work of Bening , Harris and Weixler that this basically absurd melodrama succeeds as well as it does .
When -LSB- Harris -RSB- tells Bening he `` could take a bath in the way you look at me , '' you just might have heard the worst line of 2014 .
There is something very dispiriting in watching talent -LSB- Ed Harris & Annette Bening -RSB- struggling to save something as ill-conceived as this .
Love may be lovelier the second time around but has never been as complicated when the past and present are juxtaposed at impossible angles . Top flight performances from Annette Bening & Ed Harris counter the preposterous premise
While Ed Harris and Annette Bening do share decent on-screen chemistry , their illogical behavior and almost humorous conclusion leave you feeling disappointed and unsatisfied .
If your way of dealing with grief is basically to decide that anything you do is fine as long it gets you back on your feet , you are essentially a sociopath .
The Face of Love 's story runs and blotches like cheap mascara .
The drama comes in Bening 's subtle shifts from joy to embarrassment to fear . It 's the face of love lost , and it 's the one thing you can believe .
Many are going to find the plot questionable and the protagonist 's actions deplorable . But for those who 've experienced loss and grief that seems irreparable , it is a film that will strike a deep and melancholy chord .
For all the hard-fought realism , brilliant performances , and the feelings stirred up by the themes of mortality and late-life romance , there is the inescapable silliness of the central conceit .
Through it all , we watch Bening trying very hard to produce a parsable , credible performance while having to behave in bizarre ways .
Does ` The Face of Love ' belong to Annette Bening ? If you 're speaking of an ideal , the answer is debatable ; if you 're speaking of the new movie with that name , the answer is most definitely yes .
Old age , romance , grief , delusion and desperation all intersect in `` The Face of Love , '' a far-fetched tale that nevertheless manages to be affecting .
`` The Face of Love '' is a serious look at grief and finding romance after losing the person most important to you .
The real takeaway here is how good Bening and Harris are , especially at an age when Hollywood starts putting actors out to pasture with supporting roles and bit parts .
What 's mesmerizing here is what happens in Bening 's eyes , in her complicated smiles , in her eloquent quiet .
This movie has a major identity crisis going on .
Bening and Harris are great actors , and they fill their roles as completely as they can , given the limitations of the soggy and implausible script by Matthew McDuffie and director Arie Posin .
What should have been a thoughtful late-middle-aged love story instead becomes a game to see how long the film can handle its contrivances before they blow up in its face .
Like so much about this film , the finale hints at Hitchcock but settles for soap opera .
`` The Face of Love '' is better than it should be , but is a derivative work that feels like a remake of something better .
A Lifetime Channel-like meditation on grief and moving on ...
The only thrill , and it 's worth the price of admission , is Bening .
The first ten minutes of The Face of Love function as what might be called a statement of purposelessness , announcing exactly how and why the movie will be bad .
`` The Face of Love '' needs further fleshing out .
Thanks to director Arie Posin and cinematographer Antonio Riestra , the camera lingers on Annette Bening 's expressive face , which draws viewers into her character 's emotional journey .
... the film ultimately leaves you with an exasperated feeling of watching two Olympic swimmers splash around in the kiddie pool .
Keep those expectations low , but fans of the two leads should enjoy seeing them in meaty roles .
`` The Face of Love '' is patchy , but it raises such fascinating questions that it deserves to be seen .
A weak-tea version of `` Vertigo '' in which contrivances abound .
`` The Face of Love '' is marred by false conflicts and by characters violating their own internal logic - the latter problem becomes particularly acute as the movie wears on .
Posin almost nails the subtlety of temptation , delivering an hour of compelling , provocative drama . He does n't stick the landing , which ends up the most important element of this interesting effort .
A work that 's far less dramatic than it ought to be .
... in the Barbara Bel Geddes role , Robin Williams is more a creepy neighbor than wanna-be-more-than-platonic friend , as if he has n't shaken one of his serial killer roles .
The Face of Love is a stilted and soapy melodrama that almost works due to some stellar performances from Annette Bening and Ed Harris .
If Nancy Meyers ever decided to dabble in gothic romance , it probably would turn out to be something like `` The Face of Love '' .
It 's a maudlin , superficial exercise in obsession masquerading as a heartfelt romance and study of grief , and character development is sorely lacking .
Ms. Bening ... immediately -LSB- makes -RSB- this woman come so satisfyingly alive , breathing believable vitality and at times contradictory emotions into what might have otherwise registered as a blur or cliché .
Rather than indulging the weird Sirkian `` Vertigo '' -LRB- minus the murder plot -RRB- nipping at the edges , director and co-writer Arie Posin regrettably sticks to the tastefully designed , artless tear-jerker .
What could have made this clanking contraption of a film work would have been charismatically involving performances from its more-than-able leads . But Posen 's insecure style of shooting ... robs the actors of any fluid rhythm or potent connection .
One of the strengths of the film is a tone that teeters between psychological thriller and beautiful love story .
The premise is , at once , too much and not enough . It 's too much for these filmmakers to handle .
An appealing psychological love story with superb performances by Annete Bening and Ed Harris .
Workmanlike and unambitious , presuming that a story and a string score are enough to carry a movie .
It 's the wonderful performances by Bening and Harris that make this flawed , somewhat maudlin film worth seeing .
A prosaic romantic drama by Arie Posin that lifts from Vertigo yet misses everything that made Hitchcock 's masterpiece so intriguing .
It sounds turgid , but it 's a fine example of how two great actors can lift questionable material beyond its limitations . The premise is unlikely , but every time it edges uncomfortably in the direction of soap opera , they rescue it , making you care .
Films like this - a relationship built on a fundamental lie or omission - are a formula , but Posin figures out how to make it feel less weird than touching .
Though this unabashedly earnest tearjerker does n't completely transcend its narrative absurdities , it 's enough of a distinctively odd duck to keep you engaged .
The Face of Love becomes a study of a woman gradually losing her grip on reality , thanks to the universe playing a seriously dirty trick on her .
Rather than diving into the maelstrom of conflicted emotions -LSB- the film -RSB- postpones the big reveal until the last few minutes , putting most of -LSB- its -RSB- energy into cheap suspense .
An almost offensively `` tasteful '' dud that remains irritatingly on the surface , more alive to the set design than the characters ' motivations .
Grown-up romance and disturbing psychology make a satisfying match .
Gooey and half-baked , with plot contrivances butting up against genteel design porn .
Annette Bening and Ed Harris bring potent conviction to this maudlin but strangely compelling psychological love story .
... an uncommonly adult romance that hits more than it misses ...

@highlight

Perhaps worth checking out if only for the opportunity to see reliably powerful work from Annette Bening and Ed Harris , The Face of Love undermines its leads ' performances with a scattershot script and aimless direction .