... `` Gran Torino '' contains within its strangely tight wanderings the utter , dexterous precision of drama-comedy and tragedy-given not to intellect and consideration , but to profound conviction and feeling .
Seeing Eastwood ward off young gangsters was odd ... well , but he pulled it off enough .
Aside from the somewhat dubious pleasure of Eastwood 's tuneful noodlings , Gran Torino is not a very good film .
-LSB- Its -RSB- problems can not be ignored .
This is another Eastwood 's deconstruction of his career , and it does n't give anything else in the movie any room to breathe .
Covers a lot of ground as it rolls : religion , the toll of war , mortality , what it means to be a man .
Twenty minutes in , we know Walt is eventually going to give the car to the kid . The only question is how .
Though the film feels like a requiem , Kowalski 's heart is still defiantly beating .
This would be a fitting conclusion to a long and illustrious career .
Gran Torino is not Eastwood 's best film as director or actor but it perfectly encapsulates his onscreen persona and his brilliant directorial career .
Gran Torino is less a sleek hybrid than a multigenre pileup .
Even this one-trick predictable pony is worth seeing when Eastwood is riding .
After the clumsy beginning , the deft writing and excellent acting has so sunk you into your relationship with Walt and Sue and Thao that by the end , I loved this movie , but it took a while to snag me .
Un film posé et d'une grande intelligence émotionnelle qui va au-delà des barrières des croyances ou des origines pour défendre une tradition tout simplement humaine .
Take it for what it is : An old guy who gives himself one last juicy role as the flawed , haunted anti-hero , an old guy who 's done this so often that he is n't above making himself look silly as well as heroic -LRB- he even croons the title song over the ending c
If this is the end of the road for the Man With No Name , it 's a memorable , winning way for him to go out .
Less a great film than a fascinating personal testament
Though Eastwood is not above self-deprecation and , here , downright silliness , Gran Torino is no orangutan movie .
Like a new driver learning to operate a manual transmission , director Eastwood 's awkward shifting of tones makes the lurching Gran Torino a frustrating ride .
Clint gets into surly senior power , and while flexing those rejuvenated geriatric muscles , but mostly verbal and otherwise . Though what a tongue lashing , poised to give those Superbad youngsters a run for their money .
Clint Eastwood has become one of Hollywood 's best and most dependable filmmakers .
... Starts as one thing , then becomes something else entirely .
It 's as vigorous and entertaining a feature as you could expect from a 78-year-old filmmaker star .
Gran Torino is a smorgasbord of Eastwood 's skills as filmmaker -- the good , the bad , and the ugly -- and how well you digest it will depend on your appetite .
Un film menor en la carrera de Clint Eastwood , pero no por ello falto de interés o poco entretenido . Si efectivamente se trata de la despedida de Eastwood como actor , entonces se trata de una despedida digna y sentida .
Be sure to have tissues handy for an ending that is guaranteed to elicit sympathetic tears .
Eastwood parece se atrapalhar entre a vontade de contar uma história protagonizada por uma versão envelhecida de seu Dirty Harry e outra na qual aparentemente interpreta o pobre Sr. . Wilson , vizinho e vítima de Dennis , o Pimentinha .
The kind of movie Don Siegel and Sam Fuller used to make , a blunt but perceptive slice of American discontent filtered through the prism of B-movie conventions .
a mighty entertaining drama , anchored by a cantankerous-yet-appealing performance by Eastwood himself .
Well worth seeing if only for another great Eastwood performance .
Seeing the new inclusive Clint shows an old dog can learn new tricks . But like Walt himself , I ca n't help but prefer Dirty Harry to Caring Clint any day .
What gives the film its formidable strength is the way Eastwood shows Walt struggling with his prejudices and coming to terms with a changing world and with his inner demons , many of the latter stemming from the horrors he witnessed in the Korean War .
Although the first half feels a little devoid of direction , Eastwood takes out the jump leads and kicks it into life , giving the second half of the film a better pace , vibrancy and gentle humour that makes Gran Torino worth at least one ride .
Gran Torino is a vastly entertaining star vehicle that manages to reconcile the vigilante ethos of Eastwood 's early hits with the more humane values that have been such an appealing facet of his later career .
Overall this is a masterful piece of storytelling and a film which will rightly be regarded as a classic . Eastwood is on staggering form as an actor and equally inspiring as a director .
Eastwood is perfect as a growling cur of a man attempting to keep humanity at arms ' length . Yet he 's lonely , concurrently playing games of ` keep away ' and ` notice me . '
This is still an enjoyably big , brash , macho melodrama , saved from absurdity by Eastwood 's cracking performance .
This wise , likeable and extremely entertaining picture is a must-see . It is already the highest-grossing film in Eastwood 's illustrious career .
Clint decides to do both jobs and again shows he has a mature grasp of film-making . It is an uncomplicated movie which makes its point very clearly .
In a way it 's quite touching that Eastwood still believes a man is never too old to change . One only wishes that Gran Torino were a little more subtle and a little less earnest in its operations .
The film , about ageing and mortality , racism and redemption , is one of Eastwood 's finest : tender , tragic and funny in equal measures .
Directed by as well as starring Eastwood , this is the expected well-tooled , well-produced machine , effortlessly bringing into play big themes of age , race , religion , death , war , vengeance and cultural identity with humour , tension and pathos .
You may enjoy Gran Torino as an eccentric mix of violence and violins . This is the story of a man who has little time left and is looking for a respectable exit . The film finds elegance in his attempts to grasp it .
Simply terrific , enormously watchable and an absolute must for all Eastwood fans . Got ta say it : this film will make your day .
The comedy-drama on release is actually a rather wise , insightful exploration of family and friendship , violence and vengeance .
Eastwood 's swansong performance provides the glue for a foul-mouthed , funny , deeply un-PC and very likeable drama that toys with Eastwood 's image as a macho icon and slowly turns audience expectations on their head .
What the film aches for is a challenge worthy of the monster Eastwood effortlessly inhabits .
He never manages , though , to penetrate to his character 's much-touted depths , and it 's left to young non-professionals Vang and Her to infuse the action with a spry , casual liveliness that offsets the film 's rickety set-up and pacing .
If Eastwood and newbie writer Nick Schenck had n't lost their nerve and fallen back on Hollywood convention at the last moment , the story might have hit home with greater force .
Relentlessly gripping , wryly funny yet profoundly moving - another movie masterclass from Clint .
Clint 's performance will live in the memory but the movie lacks the nerve to truly address the issues it raises . Gran Torino it may be , but it really needed to step up another gear .
It 's a movie for Eastwood fans . Which should mean it 's a movie for you .
Gran Torino features a grand performance by one of the greatest ever movie stars - it 's as if Dirty Harry had never been away ...
Game , set and match . We barely see the ball pass us before it hits the baseline , but Gran Torino has proved itself another effortless Eastwood Grand Slam victory .
Gran Torino is made without fuss and acted out with the kind of natural grace only a real titan of the cinema could manage . And Clint is a titan - one of the best directors in America and a performer whose range has extended mightily throughout his career
Impressively directed , emotionally engaging drama with a strong script and a terrific performance from Clint Eastwood .
It 's a monumentally great film and keeps you spellbound till the lights come back up again .
The Eastwood legend is set against false sentiment , pot-pourried politics . There 's no Disney in this Walt .
Gran Torino may prove to be one be one of Eastwood 's best .
I understand that Eastwood meant well , and it is interesting to fill up a tried-and-true movie formula with this much frank racism in order to make it different , but Gran Torino is just a well-intentioned mess .
Eastwood gives us a morbid take on righting wrongs in a world that lends no help to the victimized ...
they do n't make movies like this anymore
A brilliant commentary on a lot of earlier Clint Eastwood roles .
The genius of Clint Eastwood is evident in the fact that nobody else could get away with this .
Eastwood 's dead-pan delivery is so familiar that it has its own built-in humor and draw , but it 's all just set-up , which is precisely what makes the film such an intriguing trick
Gran Torino had the biggest wide-opening at the box office of Clint Eastwood 's career . In Gran Torino Clint plays hard-bitten , alienated , anti-everything Walt Kowalski . Sound familar ? Clint did n't bring back Dirty Harry , but he gave us Dirty
A well-acted , compelling and engrossing drama .
With his shamelessly overblown ending , Eastwood reveals a taste for something he 's never served up before -- corn .
If Mt. Rushmore were to make a movie , it would probably look a lot like a Clint Eastwood movie .
The film becomes black and white in its resolution . This tendency to simplify into good guys and bad guys worries me about many Eastwood films .
Another deeply affecting and unforgettable film from a true American master .
Gran Torino is to Dirty Harry what Unforgiven was to The Outlaw Josey Wales .
Interpreted by another director , Nick Schenk 's script might have been merely a sentimental fable of a grinch redeemed .
He goes out as a hero . He can be forgiven if he goes out a little bit over the top .
Torino proves a grand exit for Eastwood .
Awkward as a social drama - as if Eastwood had only lately seen Boyz N the Hood - yet as another one of his meditations on aging , the movie is on to something .
Clint Eastwood 's steady directorial hand proves instrumental in smoothing over the few overtly ineffective elements within Nick Schenk 's admittedly far-from-subtle screenplay .
-LSB- Eastwood -RSB- seems to have inherited a quality most often seen in great European filmmakers % u2014 the ability to both age gracefully , and channel his life experience into his work .
It is familiar , but only to a point . Suddenly , that point is past and much more serious questions come up , questions of responsibility , of vengeance , of the efficacy of blood for blood .
For all its neat moral and psychological elements , Nick Shenck 's screenplay provides a terrific platform for Eastwood to tease out the many layers that make the film so satisfying and so real
Master craftsman Clint Eastwood snarls Walt Kowalski into life in a sublime character study as a man who knows more about death than he does life , and discovers redemption when he least expects it
It 's not necessary to be familiar with Eastwood 's career arc to enjoy Gran Torino , but it does amplify the appreciation for the manner in which the topic of violence is approached .
It 's pure Eastwood and that means it is grand entertainment
The uninspired screenplay and all too obvious cast of novices make the film feel more like charity work on the part of its engaging director and star .
Gran Torino gets laughs when it wants to be funny , earns your empathy when it wants to be affecting , and makes you think when it speaks its mind .
Eastwood grunts , snarls , curses and gives young punks the stink-eye with precision , playing his most racist character ever for entertainment and comic purposes .
An ideal platform for writer / director Clint Eastwood to show the world that , at 78 years of age , he 's at the top of his game .
Ham-handed ... makes Afterschool Specials look like Ibsen .
Eastwood has said that , at age 78 , this may be his last time in front of the camera . I urge you not to miss a legend at the top of his game
An okay film that has a few moments of brilliance but for the most part is a mediocre drama .
Modestly gripping topical urban drama .
At 78 you still believe Clint Eastwood is a seriously dangerous man . I would n't want to fight him . Some say this is his best-ever performance . That 's hard to argue .
-LSB- As the -RSB- central character , senior citizen and anti-social Walt Kowalski , Eastwood gets to literally snarl dozens of times at life 's tics and impositions ... ... A beautifully realized film .
If Gran Torino is Clint Eastwood 's last acting gig , he 's gone out in top form .
For Eastwood , the movie is a slight , easy breeze to the end . But he 's terrific in the role , the supporting cast is just as good , and as a result , the movie is well worth seeing .
If you 've had the grandfather from a different generation who did n't worry about being politically correct , you should find some familiarity with which you can identify .
This is among his lesser recent movies , which does n't diminish its likability . In fact , it 's pleasing to see Eastwood working the middle of the emotional register for a change .
Maybe it 's his no-nonsense style -- unaffected acting , matter-of-fact cinematography , the deft juggling of emotional opposites -- but Gran Torino seems to unfold effortlessly in the hands of a master .
It 's interesting to note that -LSB- Eastwood 's -RSB- still going strong at 78 . What 's even more interesting is that the last two decades includes some of the finest work of his career .
Clint Eastwood delivers a stunning performance as an angry old man who begins to question his negative opinion about his Hmong neighbors .
Eastwood is funny this time around . Sure , the crumedgeon is n't taking bouncy balls to the crotch like some slapstick hack or dressing up as a dozen fat relatives at the dinner table like Eddie Murphy , but he made me laugh popping off ethnic barbs .
Its bluntness and sincerity -- and the undistracted momentum of its storytelling -- are like splashes of cold water in a face gone slack from a surfeit of irony and sophistication .
Swirls with a textured and tangled complexity that results in a series of intimate , emotional and jaw-dropping moments in cinema .
`` Gran Torino '' will knock your socks off , but be prepared to have some ear bleeding after all the graphic comments and cursing you will hear . ''
Clint Eastwood ... gives the hammiest performance of his career .
Gran Torino gives us an opportunity -- growing rarer each year -- to watch a national treasure for two hours . Make that a national treasure who continues , as a filmmaker , to challenge ideas about what it means to be an American .
Where Gran Torino fails at social criticism , it succeeds at capturing an engrossing snapshot of the human saga . If itâ -LRB- TM -RRB- s Clintâ -LRB- TM -RRB- s last film , itâ -LRB- TM -RRB- s a perfect ending .
-LSB- Eastwood -RSB- has framed his career in a new way . The youthful embrace of violence as entertainment has given way to a mature rue at the waste , pain and loss that even make-believe death entails .
Another compelling story from an American master .
Eastwood 's second film this year is a compelling study of anger and violence and the guilt and shame that shadow them . He has sat high in the saddle for decades , but rarely has he ridden so tall as in the driver 's seat of Gran Torino .
Gran Torino is the most obvious and least interesting of the four movies -LSB- Eastwood 's -RSB- directed in the last two years .
It 's a well-crafted character , stuck in a bad movie , which is a back-handed compliment considering Eastwood produced and directed as well . Now it 's time for a PBR and a cigarette . Man , Walt is influential .
If Gran Torino is in fact the fat lady singing on Eastwood 's acting career , I could n't think of a more fitting way to say goodbye to one of Hollywood 's most iconic and revered stars .
Ultimately , Gran Torino is not recommended for its moralizing or its scenery , but for Eastwood 's compelling performance .
Like Woody Allen , Clint Eastwood has reached the point where his movies are better when he 's not in them .
Alas , the preposterous ending fritters away much of the goodwill the film has slowly gained .
Gran Torino is far , far from Eastwood 's best . But he gets to leave his die-hard fans clapping and crying . For the rest of us , it 's so thoroughly mediocre it operates like a potent soporific .
Eastwood plans to go on making more movies , but it 's doubtful any will be as satisfying a career culmination as Gran Torino .
Eastwood can be ham-handed ... but he never allows moral instruction to dilute the entertainment value of his films . He loads his movies with ideas ... but is never ostentatious with his intelligence and deep themes .
If Joel Schumacher had directed this , there might still be people enjoying it as the B-movie that it is , but no one would be calling it great .
Except for the overstated growl , which admittedly is nitpicky , Eastwood may have directed himself right back into Oscar contention .
It 's pretty effective thanks to Clint 's obvious joy at playing a creature that 's 50 percent Archie Bunker , 50 percent Iron Man .
Unquestionably one of the best pictures of the year .
It 's really very simple : If you 're a Clint Eastwood fan going way back , you 're going to LOVE Gran Torino .
It turns out Clint Eastwood is Batman !!!!
Eastwood 's recent films have been a pleasure and a surprise , but Gran Torino in particular exudes a sense of renewal and promise .
The strong , often unpleasant or upsetting language leaves an aftertaste to this character drama . It might have the best of intentions , but it 's definitely not an easy movie to watch .
Just like Walt 's Gran Torino , Eastwood 's engine is still purring as well as it did in ' 72 .
To be the perfectly career-summarizing Eastwood movie , Gran Torino need n't be perfect .
Even though this continues his embracing death and giving up as a moral , this is an entertaining , vintage Eastwood film .
Gran Torino grinds through its gears in an efficient if generally graceless manner , with occasional blasts of violence interrupting a film that is content to be the cutest movie Clint 's done since his days of co-starring with an orangutan .
An interesting -- fascinating -- movie that may be more so because of the things that keep it from greatness . But that does n't make it an artistic success on its own merit .
If the rumors of this being Clint Eastwood 's final turn in front of the camera are true , then ` Gran Torino ' is a brilliant send off .
Oh , what memories of `` The Shootist '' this adults-only Clint Eastwood showcase brings to mind .
A terribly dated mix of 8-Mile , The Karate Kid and Death Wish . The desperate last gasp of pre-Obama Era intolerance .
The movie would be nowhere , absolutely nowhere , without Clint Eastwood .
Oh my god , it 's finally happened : Someone made Hey You Kids Get Off My Lawn : The Motion Picture .
Though far from his best , we 're still lucky to have it .
Eastwood directs and acts with remarkable restraint , skilfully getting far beneath the surface
What could explain Eastwood himself , in a monotone croak , warble about his ` heart locked in a Gran Torino ' ?
Goes deeper than racial clashes and the opening of one bigot 's eyes -- it 's about letting go of your past , making the most of your present , accepting that the world now is not the world you grew up in .
Gran Torino is very much about the thing Eastwood knows most intimately -- movies . Like Unforgiven , his neo-Western classic , this film ponders the value of the yarns we spin about heroes and lawless encounters .
Walt Kowalski has many of Eastwood 's iconic qualities , and even if the movie is n't perfect , the character just might be .
Details , some subtler than others , give the straightforward Gran Torino so much resonance .
An enjoyable movie hybrid that 's part politically incorrect comedy , part vigilante action movie and part smiley-face parable of urban American multiculturalism .
Gran Torino has much to recommend it , not least of which is Eastwood 's enjoyable and slyly self-deprecating performance . And the supporting cast holds their own every step of the way .
If you can survive the F-bombs and the near-constant ethnic invective , Gran Torino is not to be missed , if only as the gutsy , thoroughly unexpected valedictory of an icon fully willing to spend every bit of his considerable capital .
Clumsy and crude , yet preposterously entertaining throughout -- the movie plays like catnip to longtime Clint Eastwood fans .
With Gran Torino , Eastwood has taken what might have been the likable last gasp of his iconic persona and turned it into the dullest , most heavy-handed sermon of his career .
Gran Torino was the biggest and most pleasant surprise of 2008 .
The film is neither elegant nor subtle . Both Eastwood 's performance and his direction veer from broad melodrama to broader comedy and back again . But the film boasts crusty humor , heart and conscience .
Gran Torino , Clint Eastwood 's second 2008 release , is a knockout punch delivered by the best old brawler in the business .
Anytime Clint Eastwood is drinking a beer , growling and killing people , I am in . Eastwood directs a subtle film which will make you laugh awkwardly and keeps perfect intensity .
Attempts to alter Walt to fit Eastwood 's outsized legacy feel heavy-handed and add to the weird tonal shifts that hurt the movie as it lurches , finally , toward its solemn finale .
It 's a bit shaky in approach , execution and ending , the work of a grand master in middling mode .
Gran Torino is alive to the web of racial and ethnic discontent in this country , but the script by Nick Schenk and Dave Johannson has a tin ear .
Gran Torino is an unlikely tale made plausible almost solely by the quality of Clint Eastwood 's performance .
Tricky territory , but surprisingly the whole thing comes off as disarming .
Gran Torino is Clint Eastwood doing what Clint Eastwood does best .
It 's undeniably hokey . But all pulp fiction is ultimately a little hokey , and that 's usually why the makers of such movies compensate by bringing their A-game behind the camera .
Here -LSB- Eastwood -RSB- is attempting no less than a eulogy for an America he helped define .
With Clint in the driver 's seat , what might have been an old clunker comes very close to being a classic .
Climax is an overindulgent grasp at something meaningful that misses by a country mile .
We also see the development of Eastwood into the nuanced , textured actor he 's become .
Eastwood is really fantastic in the twilight of his career .
This singular man is all of the iconic actor/director 's signature roles compiled over the decades all rolled into one , the ghosts of each and every one of them hovering over the film like Marley haunting Scrooge .
Biased critics may look at Clint 's work in Gran Torino and want to see something edgy , but it 's really just a caricature of things that he has done before and done better .
By the time it jolts to an ending , followed by Clint rasping a tune to the closing credits , you 're more likely to be rolling your eyes than dabbing them .
The movie , which has several non-professional actors in the cast , is sometimes clunky and the action is often predictable , but the character of Walt is solid gold .
A ham-fisted screenplay sets down the terms of the story with the obviousness of an old-fashioned play .
A thoughtful work that continues the actor/director 's remarkable late-career surge .
`` Old man Dirty Harry '' is one way to describe Clint Eastwood 's miserable racist character Walt Kowalski in what the actor and director says will be his last film role .
Eastwood 's foursquare directorial aesthetic tends to heighten , rather than camouflage , a screenplay 's shortcomings . He may well win the gold for this one . But we 'll have to assume he 's winning it for richer assignments en route .
Parental Content Review
And you thought Walt was kidding when he told his son early on that people would show up after the funeral because he ` suppose they heard there 's gon na be a lot of ham . '
It turns out that all of the idle initial speculation that surrounded `` Gran Torino '' was far more entertaining than the embarrassingly hackneyed and inadvertently hilarious melodrama that is the result of all that speculation .
With Gran Torino , Eastwood puts out a brilliant work that balances all of these issues beautifully without coming to terms with any of them or giving easy answers .
Gran Torino is about two things , I believe . It 's about the belated flowering of a man 's better nature . And it 's about Americans of different races growing more open to one another in the new century .
Gran Torino is most fun when it 's working on the level of performance art , and much of the time , it resembles an art school take on an insult comic 's one-man show .
As Walt discovers , we can lament change all we want , but ultimately what 's gone is gone . What 's important is what we leave behind -- our successes , failures , and '72 Detroit-made muscle cars .
Clint Eastwood 's character in Gran Torino represents the culimination of the icon 's screen career .
This is the better by far of the two movies Eastwood has made this year , a stripped-down alternative to the overupholstered Changeling .
The movie , which Eastwood directed with his usual vigor , has plenty of violent scenes , but it 's mostly a rueful comedy of enlightenment .
To think Gran Torino is a masterpiece , you have to accept the contrived setups and sledgehammer melodrama .
Though you can see his character 's redemption coming a mile away , Clint Eastwood 's Gran Torino is still well worth the ride .
Gran Torino is defiantly old-fashioned , and occasionally , albeit endearingly , self-indulgent . Most of all it 's heartfelt , and for me the feeling was mutual .
A very funny and touching movie that delivers its message of tolerance with a most agreeable light hand .
In front of the camera , the 78-year-old actor still appears able to demolish anyone who messes with him , which is why this showcase works as well as it does .
Clint Eastwood collects and distills everything we know he is capable of doing on screen -- some of which we might wish he had n't done , but most of which we love . Even if we might be a little ashamed to admit it .
Its preoccupation with the burden and self-destructive ramifications of violence is given acute resonance by Eastwood 's presence .
These spectral figures , totems of masculinity and mementos from a heroic cinematic age , are what make this unassuming film small in scale if not in the scope of its ideas -- more than just a vendetta flick .
-LSB- It gives -RSB- Eastwood a chance to be funnier than he 's been in a long time .
Embellishing his trademark Dirty Harry snarl with exasperated grunts and growls , a fusillade of racial epithets , and discharges of contemptuous expectoration , Clint Eastwood redefines what it means to be a grumpy old man .
Eastwood 's volleys of racial slurs are so outrageous it 's as if Dirty Harry embraced his inner Don Rickles ...
Who would have thought that Dirty Harry would become not only one of Hollywood 's most respected filmmakers but also one of its most compassionate humanists ? At 78 , Eastwood still commands the screen .
Gran Torino is a strange coda , an autumnal epilogue , and yet if you love American movies and their history -- of which Eastwood is a huge part -- you need to see this .
Clint Eastwood , directing himself , is the main attraction , and his Walter 's redemptive journey through the course of the film is where its true , unforced power lies .
The supporting performances are a little uneven , but the characters come through in unexpected ways , especially a wet-behind-the-ears priest who 's anything but naive .
Gran Torino , whatever its flaws are , is a movie about what America looks like now , and it posits that the work of living amicably together is sometimes hard but always worth it .
Eastwood directs with his usual relaxed pace and bursts of intensity , a style that 's pleasing to watch -- and which , also as usual , never fully compensates for any shortcomings of the script handed to him .
Do you miss Archie Bunker ? Then Clint Eastwood 's Gran Torino is the movie for you ... Graceless and insensitive .
The first two-thirds play as comedy : Eastwood grumbles , curses , and insists on being a right bastard . This is Dirty Harry gone geriatric , Eastwood parodying himself .
An extraordinary spiritual movie about an angry , lonely , bigoted old man whose his heart softened through his relationships with members of a Hmong immigrant family who live next door .
Part modern-day Western , part vigilante flick , part after-school special , Clint Eastwood 's oddball drama Grand Torino remains entertaining right up to the end credits , during which you can scratch your head and wonder what you 've just seen .
The role finds perfect concert with Eastwood 's specific haggard range , assembling a character of gun-happy action , beer-soaked reflection , and Geritol-fueled defiance that could only be sold by the screen legend .
Enjoyable proof that Clint Eastwood can still chew up anyone like beef jerky .
It feels like a summation of everything he represents as a filmmaker and a movie star , and perhaps also a farewell .
Gran Torino is an amazingly over-the-top anti-racism parable but , despite its obvious shortcomings , it is nevertheless effective and affecting .
Although younger audiences may find the film 's rhythms rather slow , the ultimate payoff is huge , and Clint fans are likely to eat it up .
Still , as movies about crusty old men whose hearts melt through their friendship with young people go , Gran Torino is mostly a hoot , thanks to Eastwood 's Archie-Bunker-with-a-gun performance .
This is pitiful , nostalgic fun for Dirty Harry fanatics . Yet it lacks the political edge that made the Dirty Harry movies provocative .
A lifetime in movies runs through this prime vintage Eastwood performance . You ca n't take your eyes off him . The no-frills , no-bull Gran Torino made my day .
A generally enjoyable but problematic departure for Eastwood which works best during its lighter moments but gets too dark while trying to create heightened tension and drama .
The problem , a somewhat depressing one , is that Eastwood has grown into a director who thinks he 's superior to his mentors . A hint of pretension has crept into his filmmaking , and his exchanges with his young cast feel overwrought .
Gran Torino becomes more intriguing as the journey its takes us on evolves and grows darker , albeit with Eastwood 's trademark , no-nonsense aesthetic .
A movie at once understated and radical , deceptively unremarkable in presentation and ballsy in its earnestness . Do n't let the star 's overly familiar squint fool you : This is subtle , perceptive stuff .
Caps -LSB- Eastwood 's -RSB- career as both a director and an actor with his portrayal of a heroically redeemed bigot of such humanity and luminosity as to exhaust my supply of superlatives .
Gran Torino being a Clint showcase helmed by the Last Movie Star himself , Walt 's reformation is nearly inevitable , but skirts being cloying on the strength of the 78-year-old icon 's raspy brusqueness .
This is the Clint Eastwood we all remember in a perfect final performance . He 's riding off into the sunset scowling , snarling , and spitting blood .
Eastwood 's character acts as mentor to a vulnerable youth just as he did in ` Million Dollar Baby , ' but this vehicle is filled with silly , old-fashioned dialogue .
An unstable affair given to overemphasized points and telegraphed punches .
An unpretentious , often very funny humanist drama which is a small jewel in Clint Eastwood 's canon of work as a director and a highpoint in his career as an actor .
The actor-director 's second release of the season is his most stripped-down , unadorned picture in many a year .
John Wayne was 62 when he won the Oscar for True Grit , a star vehicle in which he displayed and poked fun at his image , and Eastwood may accomplish the same in a similar vehicle that posits him -LRB- like the Duke -RRB- as a surrogate father-mentor to a Hmong boy
Walt hates everyone . He kicks his dog . He growls and spits . It 's Spitting Blood , Old Man Dirty Harry .
Some hilarious grouch humor once you get to at least like the guy .




@highlight

Though a minor entry in Eastwood 's body of work , Gran Torino is nevertheless a humorous , touching , and intriguing old-school parable .