For those outside the genre , The Grandmaster is at its best when it offers context for its story , such as the scenes that reference World War II , lending weight to circumstances that are more relatable than regional Kung Fu rivalries .
The Grandmaster is a martial-arts film , whose complicated narrative strategies and ambitious attempt to re-stylize a form that looks to be increasingly moribund , sets it apart from its generic brethren .
Wong Kar Wai 's latest film is by turns elegant and frustrating , beautiful and hard to track , sumptuous and spartan .
The Grandmaster thrives on the raw talent of its author .
Kung fu masters kick dents in iron railings . These ` magical ' things are artist renditions of the super-normal abilities that can be developed through years of practice .
Wong 's touch remains deft , his whims trustworthy , and his indulgence is still carried over from the screen and becomes our own .
Eventually , the story becomes as much an atmospheric lament about what has been lost , as it is a kinetic celebration of how kung fu adapted to the changing times .
The narrative structure is a little shaky at times , and it perhaps inhabits too many genres to be fully successful in any of them , but my goodness it 's compelling .
It 's difficult to work out if Wong really had some biopic-subverting purpose in mind or if he just found himself unable to tell the story in a way that gelled with his sensibilities
Often poetic , but lacks dramatic punch .
The Grandmaster interweaves themes of ancient loyalty and modern betrayal around a narrative predicated upon the interplay between the differing schools , traditions and movements of myriad martial arts disciplines .
Each punch , kick and impact is captured cleanly and coherently , Wong serving the spectacle of a big brawl rather than resisting its adrenalised charms .
It 's far from the misunderstood masterpiece many still prayed it might be , but almost every shot is predictably jaw-dropping and metaphor-dripping .
Leave it to Hong Kong maestro Wong Kar Wai -LRB- In the Mood for Love -RRB- to reinvent both the historical biopic and Chinese kung fu action movie in one fell swoop .
The Grandmaster is an anomaly -- a mournful and delicate kung-fu movie with hardly a trace of machismo about it .
Wong Kar-wei 's The Grandmaster is one of the more exquisite martial arts movies around , as the Hong Kong auteur behind the lyrical In the Mood for Love takes on the legend of Ip Man .
The sheer class of the production ensures that it 's not entirely ruined by its flaws .
It 's suffused with emotional repression and it 's this deep sense of yearning and unrequited love that poignantly raises it above mere biopic .
As a film-maker , Wong appears to be retreating upriver into genre , style and mannerism . It is all managed very elegantly - but with a fraction of the power in his greatest work .
It may not be much more than six of the most imaginatively staged and filmed fight scenes in the cinema , but that 's almost certainly enough to recommend it .
This tough and tender biopic ... makes for an elegant , occasionally exciting tribute to a man and his art-form .
Kar Wai revels presents this epic production with a stylistic grandeur , celebrating the elegance of combat , rather than the brutality .
Certainly , The Grandmaster is far from Wong 's best . But it 's a beautiful creation all the same .
This air of melancholy that lies over the film is - I do n't know . I was very interested about all this north , south the various elements of Kung Fu . I learned stuff from the film .
Tony Leung 's charismatic performance as the man who was martial arts instructor to Bruce Lee anchors the film , but in this version at least the story equally belongs to Gong Er , and Zhang Yiyi is splendid in the role , especially in the later scenes .
An ornate period film about kung fu that is so godawfully tedious and solemn it seems designed to bore people right into the very fabric of their seats . Even the sub-standard fight scenes are terribly shot .
It is rich , distinctive and lush , as you would expect , although this new feature from Hong Kong director Wong Kar-wai has been a long time coming .
It is to swoon . Even the buttons on a fine coat are given the emphasis of the whoosh of a blade , the crack of a bone or the scrape and grind and rush of a locomotive . Nothing is relative : all is memory . A dream .
The movie 's problems are , in part , those of a great artist trying something new . It 's a fine mess .
Moody melancholy martial-arts costume drama , five years in the making , that thrives on great fight scenes .
In the absence of genuine profundity , but with dazzling craft on frequent display , his most ardent devotees may summon enough loyalty to defend this one as a noble failure .
As commendable as Wong 's film is at visualizing things , it 's far less proficient at contextualizing them .
Each battle moves with such balletic grace they make Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon seem as if it 's standing still .
The American version is beautiful and moody , and it is muddy in expression , but probably worth seeing anyway .
Wong Kar Wai has something slow , lush and precise in mind for this story of Ip Man -LRB- Tony Leung -RRB- , the legendary martial arts master who trained Bruce Lee . He offers a chance to dream in kung fu .
A complete surprise . Not the strictly martial arts action film but also one of compelling beauty and romance .
The Grandmaster lacks focus or drive as director Wong Kar-wai flails among the elements of Ip Man 's life for something to hold onto and comes up with little except that late in life he taught Bruce Lee .
... closer in tone to an art movie , an exercise in pure cinema , than it is a chopsocky extravaganza
emphasizes emotional restraint and understatement
-LSB- VIDEO ESSAY -RSB- Part action film , part romance novel , and part political diatribe , the film never forgets its purpose to entertain . The effect is elating .
... bears all the extravagant style perfectionist filmmaker Wai can muster , but suffers from a sketchy biography that lurches along .
`` The Grandmaster '' is just that -- grand -- and masterful . Wong Kar Wai 's odyssey has paid off handsomely .
The Grandmaster blends right in with Wong 's body of work , a gorgeous meditation on the importance of sorrow and lament . This one just happens to have kung fu , too .
The cinema confusion that persists here would be acceptable , for this is after all chop-socky with pretentions , but the deadpan solemnity makes for too weighty a load .
The attention to period detail supplements the unique perspective , and should allow aficionados to gain a greater respect and appreciation for the origins of martial arts through the story of a legend .
An emotional moving , thrilling and provocative drama that 's highly entertaining but at times loses itself with its lack of storytelling .
More impressive than its flurry of fists is its sleight of hand , the misdirection that perhaps conceals for some the truth that this is not primarily a decades-spanning historical drama but a romance of unrequited love .
-LSB- Wong Kar-wai -RSB- is a stylish filmmaker who has created an operatic story out of Ip Man 's difficult life , and a ballet out of the many action sequences .
Visually beautiful Grandmaster will sweep you away
Martial arts , resonant themes , and lush visuals make a well-rounded package
He 's typically more show than tell , but The Grandmaster -- charting a largely chronological course and plodgy with pedantic title cards that rehash what the attentive viewer has already gleaned -- is heavy with the telling .
It ranks with Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon , Hero and House of Flying Daggers as one of the most elegant and beautiful martial-arts films to play American screens .
Lyrical mix of wuxia and biopic .
You leave this deeply flawed , deeply beautiful film with no doubt that you 've seen an indisputable cinematic grandmaster in action .
I still consider my Grandmaster experience incomplete for now . And it 's a testament to how much quality still remains that I want to complete it .
`` The Grandmaster '' does n't stint on the action , but also highlights the inherent serenity at the heart of all worthwhile martial arts .
Wong Kar Wai is an expressionist master . A master of character - deep , rich , truthful character - especially in The Grandmaster , he is not .
`` The Grandmaster '' can feel stiff at times , and something is doubtlessly lost in translation . But the precision and magic of Wong Kar Wai 's camera is so captivating it does n't matter .
-LSB- W -RSB- e watch this version of The Grandmaster not for what it is but what might be .
Beautiful but troubled , achieving in stretches the director 's signature dreamy mood but dragged down by narrative confusions .
Granted , `` The Grandmaster '' is not a primer on Chinese philosophy . Yet it may score as crossover cinema for Wong fans and Lee fans .
As a kung fu film , `` The Grandmaster , '' with its exhilarating fighting sequences , wo n't disappoint . As a Wong Kar-wai film , it rates high .
Writer-director Wong Kar-wai has made a martial-arts movie that is truly a work of art . His `` The Grandmaster '' is a picture of staggering beauty .
The director took great efforts to be true to Chinese martial arts , but he did so without sacrificing his own distinctive vision .
lovingly photographed , disjointed meditation of a life , an era in martial arts and a legacy , but its appeal beyond audience members with an appreciation Ip Man or the director may be limited .
The fights that dot this erratically told story of kung fu grandmaster Ip Man can leave you giddy with excitement .
`` The Grandmaster '' is the work of a director whose work throughout his career has been visually exhilarating , sensuous , even sublime . To that end , `` The Grandmaster '' does n't disappoint .
A serious , gravely artistic , stylistically operatic film that 's visually intoxicating but also a crashing bore .
The movie ultimately winds up falling between two stools , failing as both a biography and an action film .
A deliriously beautiful martial-arts saga , a mix of exuberant violence and restrained eroticism .
You do n't have to be a martial arts fan to be bowled over by `` The Grandmaster , '' the atmospheric and poetic martial arts love story about Ip Man 's early life by director Wong Kar Wai .
Whereas many kung-fu movies are a feast that leaves us weary with sensations , the tastefully bittersweet `` Grandmaster '' puts us in the mood for more .
Fans of Wong 's esthetic will no doubt lap it up , as it marks a return to some of his favourite actors ; Leung has appeared in all but three of his 10 features , while Chang Chen , cast here as a character called The Razor , makes his third appearance .
The action choreography -LRB- by the great Yuen Woo-ping -RRB- feels oddly rhythmless ; likewise , Wong 's depictions of the larger-than-life characters achieve little emotional resonance .
It takes more than intertitles and explanatory voiceovers to derail a master like Wong .
It 's a terrific film , and it 's a lot of fun .
This super-serious , horribly-told story may focus on kung fu , but it put me in an almost instant sleeper hold .
A bubblegum version of The Grandmaster is better than no film at all .
It 's a series of lovely moments that never quite come together into a movie .
More than anything , perhaps , The Grandmaster is a feminist tragedy that , at least in this cut , seems to lose interest in Ip Man and pass the torch to the considerably more fascinating Gong Er ...
One of the best films of 2013 . Wong is a Chinese director who sees China as exotic : he presents the 1930s Paramount version of China , with orchids , opium , crimson lipstick and satin slippers.as he is by the dangerous Hong Kong of the early 1950s
Wong is a master of small , melancholy moments that appear to contain all the beauty and sadness of the world , a strength The Grandmaster plays to only rarely-but when it does , the effect is mesmerizing .
The martial arts genre experiences another quantum leap in terms of pure beauty of form and action .
The Grandmaster is languorous , lovely , and familiar to admirers of Wong 's past work . It also feels out of balance with what 's come before , even when the film doubles back for more action scenes .
Wong Kar Wai is one of the world 's great filmmakers and his first foray into the realm of martial arts is definitely worth seeing , even if at times confusing . Gorgeous to watch and beautiful action sequences make up for the wobbly script .
Yip Man lives !
The 108 minutes that did survive the winnowing impulses of The Weinstein Company make for a lumpy , disjointed pseudo-biopic , one that loses interest in its subject halfway through .
A rewarding experience , even if it fails to completely sweep you off your feet .
Somber , stylized and visually stunning
Still , a butchered Wong Kar-Wai movie is better than most filmmakers ' purest work , so even if the plot occasionally zips by at too quick a clip , The Grandmaster is a lush , albeit rushed , meal that 's worth consuming on the big screen .
Philosophical and visceral , sweeping and intimate , Wong Kar Wai 's film is the rare kind of cinematic experience that informs as it entertains , and most importantly , evokes powerful feelings from both its physical conflicts and intellectual ideas .
I 've never been a big fan of Wong 's phantasmagoric prettiness , but at least here it provides a welcome corrective to the usual martial-arts mayhem .
Wong Kar Wai 's new epic The Grandmaster is an exquisite-looking film and leading man , Tony Leung , is a quietly compelling presence in it .
Blending the markings of a kung fu epic with scenes of stark emotional longing , Wong Kar-wai 's latest movie offers a hybrid that 's hard to decipher .
A glorified trailer by Wong Kar Wai is still something to see .
Ip Man 's story has been told many times before by other filmmakers . Wong builds upon it , establishing the noble fighter as a reflective but still ferocious grandmaster in 1936 in Foshan , Ip Man 's home city in southern China .
It 's hard not to feel that with this , Wong 's first feature since 2007 's misbegotten My Blueberry Nights , a dear old friend is finally back in the room .
There are sequences in Hong Kong director Wong Kar-wai 's new film , The Grandmaster , that are as gorgeous as anything you 'll see on a screen this year , or perhaps this decade .
Wong extracts magnetic performances from his two stars , and Philippe Le Sourd delivers gorgeous cinematography .
this is one filmmaker so talented that , even when he 's manipulated , he 's amazing
With so many years spent on it , Wong should have been able to see that the structure was n't coming together and that his characters needed further work .
Wong 's genius for overheated , overstuffed glamour brings to mind the demented movies that Josef von Sternberg made with Marlene Dietrich in the 1930s .
Despite its problems , The Grandmaster is more poetic than other recent Kung Fu movies .
For those who are n't ardent students of kung fu 's schools and styles , however , the movie is , for most of its length , a lifeless snore .
You 'll feel decadent enjoying it , but everything is so tasty , it would be foolish to object .
An historical opus that is equal parts ballet and biography , though the second component pales in comparison with the first .
However much history informs this movie , `` The Grandmaster '' is , at its most persuasive , about the triumph of style .
Wong travels far afield from the typical biopic structure , creating a balletic martial arts film -LRB- choreographed by Yuen Wo Ping of `` The Matrix -RRB- split into two by both history and the women in Ip Man 's life .
The Grandmaster works best if you 've never seen a kung fu movie before . If you have , Wong Kar Wai 's film may strike you as a beautiful and expensive missed opportunity .
`` Do n't worry about your style , '' Ip Man says , a statement that applies to Wong as well . Even with this shift of content , the form remains a visual marvel .
Poetic , operatic , historically sweeping , as lush and seductive as Wong 's previous films . Do n't think of it as a kung fu movie ; think of it as the work of a master filmmaker .
Virtually incomprehensible , but a beautiful mess .
An exquisite-looking , fitfully moving drama from the director of `` In the Mood for Love . ''
More than anything Wong has ever made , the movie chokes on exposition , its more poetic concerns stifled by its surfeit of plot .
All I know is that I got lost in it , and that I would still have loved it if it were twice as long with half the action .
The film , despite a few splendid fights , is a biohistorical muddle that never finds its center .
How could something that is so gorgeous also be so damn dull ?
Wong has done this dynamic better in virtually all of his past work ; there 's a pretty dullness here that should n't be confused for mastery .
It 's a little like getting Jim Jarmusch to direct a film about Spider-Man .
... our high hopes ca n't obscure the fact that this is muddled storytelling that skitters over the surface of mysteries and psychologies that we want to plunge into and explore .
Lovely , well-acted with great set pieces , but edited into something choppy and less satisfying than one would hope
The 108-minute Grandmaster may not be the shimmering golden epic he originally intended , but it 's fleet and silvery in its own right .
It is at once loyal to the Hong Kong director 's aesthetic sensibilities and the myriad of martial arts traditions that he 's gone to exhaustive length to pay homage to .
Venturing into fresh creative terrain without relinquishing his familiar themes and stylistic flourishes , Hong Kong auteur Wong Kar Wai exceeds expectations with The Grandmaster .
A scintillating mix of explosive action choreography and suppressed emotions , but it could have used more work on consistency in tone and character development .
The film , more likely to invite comparisons to the writings of Marcel Proust than the previous Ip Man films , is a gorgeous folly that never entirely emerges from its creator 's head .
The Grandmaster is absolutely breathtaking to watch as its cinematography is gloriously rich and the action sequences are executed beautifully . Despite its camera work being clean and crisp , the rest of its presentation is completely unbalanced .

@highlight

Though its storytelling is a tad muddled , Wong Kar Wai 's The Grandmaster still exhibits the auteur 's stylistic flourishes in gorgeous cinematography and explosive action set pieces .