Mostly ... you ca n't really shake the Made-For-TV vibe that The Wizard of Lies throws off .
It 's not a terrible piece of work , but the most you can claim for it is a kind of bloodless competence .
Classy and solidly watchable in an HBO kind of way , it nevertheless offered a few bizarre turns .
-LSB- Robert -RSB- De Niro 's interpretation of this greed-driven , grandiose villain is not sympathetic ; it 's intimate and unforgiving , and makes Madoff a more frustrating figure than ever .
As choppy and dragging as it may be at times , and although it does n't offer any revelations , The Wizard Of Lies is an intimate and sobering look at family betrayal .
If you want a thorough history lesson about this horrendous scandal , The Wizard of Lies is for you . If you want to see Robert DeNiro at the top of his craft ... this is for you . If you rejoice in a fine script , brilliant direction ... this is for you .
The shame of this film is it that shows Madoff to be just a nice old guy who finally got caught , not the cold-hearted , evil sociopath that he really was . Michelle Pfeiffer steals the show as Madoff 's wife , Ruth , and is a remarkable lookalike .
Asking `` how did he get away with it ? '' could easily fuel an entire separate movie , but The Wizard of Lies chooses instead to tell Madoff 's story mostly through the lens of how his transgressions affected his family ... for the most part , it works .
`` Lies '' certainly is n't a cinematic shoulder rub , with director Barry Levinson attempting to understand the psychological and technical details of the scheme .
Ultimately , however , the movie disappoints ... Even with the heartbreak , the Madoffs do n't quite make for sympathetic characters . Their riches , privilege , and apparent obliviousness to Bernie 's epic deceit prove too much to get past .
A fine but otherwise plain domestic tragedy about a crime family that never knew it was a crime family until it was too late .
The Wizard of Lies is a movie with a terrible name and some mediocre aspects . But great central performances from two icons of the silver screen make it necessary watching .
Dark and dramatic biopic profiles Madoff and his crimes .
Welcome back , Barry Levinson .
Overall , this well-shot , well-cast and well-written adaptation is as captivating as it is frustrating .
What Wizard of Lies lacks in terms of a broader historical span is compensated for by telling Madoff 's tale as a classical tragedy about hubris and human cost - only in this case we watch as the villain 's wife and children take the brunt of the toll .
-LSB- The Wizard of Lies -RSB- achieves its greatest power as a character study .
A team-up of talents like this would 've been a big , splashy theatrical release not too long ago . The multiplex 's loss is HBO 's gain .
Having expressed every cogent thought in its head in the first 50 minutes , Wizard drags along for another tortuously repetitive hour and half , a long day 's journey into utter banality .
As Ruth , Pfeiffer convincingly portrays a pampered woman left with utterly nothing - she 's lost her homes , status and , most important , her relationship with her sons .
Barry Levinson 's The Wizard of Lies is a fascinating , and in many ways horrifying glimpse into one of the most notorious thieves in American history .
At the end , there is a payoff of sorts for the viewer .
Levinson does a solid job for the most part .
The decision by Wizard 's three credited screenwriters to open the film with the prison interview -LRB- and essentially tell the whole saga as a progressive flashback -RRB- feels like a structural mistake that ca n't be repaired .
This stark account of a family 's downfall has the wrenching power of an Arthur Miller classic .
The trappings of Wizard of Lies are , like Madoff 's possessions , designed to impress . The movie , however , does n't fare quite as well in getting to the root of his magic act , or how he was able for so long to keep his house of cards standing .
It is utterly absorbing film to watch , with Levinson capturing Madoff 's emotional journey through most of the events almost totally in close-up , at times strangely impassive , at others just containing that sense of dismay .
The 135-minute film suffers from being too long and sometimes bizarrely constructed , but it 's the kind of solid true story we 've come to expect from an HBO Original Film .
We may be wrong to look for scapegoats for the 2008 global financial criss , but by normalizing Madoff 's behavior , The Wizard of Lies thoughtlessly asks us to sympathize with a devil we do n't want to know .
De Niro and Pfeiffer inhabit these roles so fully that you forget they 're De Niro and Pfeiffer - no small feat considering their statures .
Madoff proves too slippery for clear characterization , even for the combined talents of Levinson and De Niro , and the result is a film that is dull , with bursts of weird .
The Wizard of Lies is less convincingly about Bernie Madoff than it is about the struggle to understand Bernie Madoff : The search for why and how , by his family and his victims and the system , maybe even the man himself .
When Bernie finally asks whether an attentive reporter thinks he 's a sociopath , there 's no need for an answer . The film has already clobbered you over the head with the obvious .
While it 's a relief to once again see De Niro in a quality project that has nothing to do with Martin Scorsese or David O. Russell , The Wizard of Lies ' greatest special effect is Pfeiffer .
Levinson and the three screenwriters turn Madoff 's inherent unknowability into one of the movie 's strengths .
Once we turn to the psychological fallout , and Levinson gives us a more intimate point of view , The Wizard of Lies is captivating .
Given that it offers no new insights on Madoff and underserves its stellar cast , it 's hard to see the return on this particular investment .
The Wizard of Lies ... does n't try to either understand or humanize Madoff , but all the same it manages to be an intimate , unsettling portrait of a borderline sociopath .
The Wizard of Lies spends much of its overlong two hours and 15 minutes running time repeating how Madoff 's crimes victimized members of his family .
The Wizard of Lies is n't interested in gray areas . It wants you to see what the victims saw , and from a similarly pained perspective .
The Wizard of Lies bears less of a resemblance to art than a book report .
Robert De Niro gives a quietly intense performance in HBO 's Bernie Madoff telefilm , which could be retitled `` Sympathy for the Devil 's Family . ''
From daring direction by Barry Levinson , to De Niro 's mesmerizing performance as disgraced financier Bernie Madoff , The Wizard of Lies ... is another grand-slam docudrama from TV 's premier cable channel .
Robert De Niro gives one of his best recent performances in Barry Levinson 's Bernie Maddow bio .

@highlight

The Wizard of Lies does n't really shed much new light on its fact-based story , but thanks to solid direction and a talented cast , it still proves consistently watchable .