... despite its gruesome conclusion , the movie seems to do everything in its power to create community .
Browning locked in some of horror cinema 's most indelible images .
-LSB- Boasts -RSB- some of the most terrifying scenes ever consigned to film .
With strong performances and a surprising tenderness , Freaks more than deserves its towering reputation .
Browning 's sympathies are clear ; if there are `` freaks '' on display here , they are not the versatile performers to whom the title seems to allude .
Undoubtedly flawed , Freaks is also admirably bonkers and quite simply unforgettable .
One of the most powerful films ever made about the need for humanity and solidarity in the face of cruelty and oppression .
A masterpiece of the horror mold , and one that warrants a loyal audience .
-LSB- VIDEO ESSAY -RSB- In spite of the tremendous success he enjoyed with `` Dracula '' in 1931 , Tod Browning 's directorial career was effectively ruined after he made `` Freaks '' the following year .
From scandalous Hollywood outcast to influential cult classic , Tod Browning 's 1932 dark drama about -LRB- and starring -RRB- freak-show performers is now truly `` one of us '' .
Freaks is sumptuously produced , admirably directed , and no cost was spared . But Metro failed to realize that even with a different sort of offering the story still is important .
Director Tod Browning , one of the few truly individual directors in the U. S. , is a specialist in horror .
To the horror movie , a genre he helped create , he brought a taste for Victorian melodrama and an understanding , which he must have gained in the circus , for the isolated lives of weird and deformed outsiders .
Freaks is one of Browning 's more consistently fine films , a landmark still worth seeing .
If the heart of the horror movie is the annihilating Other , the Other has never appeared with more vividness , teasing sympathy , and terror than in this 1932 film by Tod Browning .
A masterpiece .
Absolutely spine chilling Tod Browning classic horror film . `` We will make you one of us . '' Yike !
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer definitely has on its hands a picture that is out of the ordinary .
The movie 's influences can be found in nearly every conceivable corner of modern film .
... drills into our hindbrain and jolts our atavistic response to the not-normal , then forces us to confront our prejudices and feel something -- revulsion , compassion , or surprise at the realization that those are n't mutually exclusive responses .
It has now achieved deserved recognition as a masterpiece .
Unclassifiable odd masterpiece .
It 's part of the film 's brilliance that the lines between normal and abnormal , us and them , and even morality and immorality , are constantly blurred and reversed ...
Ainda que Browning martele sem a menor sutileza sua mensagem ao longo de toda a projeção , o filme continua a impressionar graças ao seu elenco atípico e ao incômodo ato final .
... the movie was never meant to be a horror film ; it was meant to be a character study and morality play .
It 's a truly amazing film , not so much horrific as it is funny , touching and extraordinary ; you 'd be hard-pressed to find another film like it .
A deserved cult masterpiece , this tale of the macabre , with its blood-freezing shock ending , is incredible , disturbing and , once seen , never forgotten .
Unforgettable .
Today , it 's a cult favorite that continues to resonate -- The Player , Toy Story and Hedwig and the Angry Inch are just a few of the major films to have paid it homage .
Pretty pioneering for 1932 , but modern desensitization to such things -LRB- hell , we have Paris Hilton on TV -RRB- mutes the freak-out effect almost completely .
Freaks is definitely not a horror film in the traditional sense -- yet , it 's appealed to horror fans for decades .
Browning uses the film 's famous `` Wedding Feast '' sequence and its rhythmic use of montage to fantastically blur the lines between the normal and the abnormal .
To this day , there 's never been anything like it .
Freaks is one of those legendary films , made all the more legendary by its ill-repute over the years .
It is a work of genius .
It 's a cinematic slap in the face that 'll leave you reeling with shock , surprise and maybe even delight . They certainly do n't make them like this anymore .
one of the weirdest dramas ever put on screen
Uniquely horrifying .
Freaks is a requisite entry in the library of horror .
If anything , the movie is a fable about accepting others as you would want to be accepted yourself . Unfortunately , the studios and general public did n't see it that way .
Freaks is worth a look for those with interested in the history of exploitation cinema or the trash/punk aesthetic of the likes of John Waters , but others will probably find it unpleasant and heavy going .
Fascinating , repulsive , and oddly touching
Browning 's film really works to get the audience to view things from the freaks ' perspective
... Browning made the normal people the grotesque ones , showing how ugly they were because of their intolerance .










@highlight

Time has been kind to this horror legend : Freaks manages to frighten , shock , and even touch viewers in ways that contemporary viewers missed .