Portia is in many ways a typical -LSB- Tina -RSB- Fey character but the unfunny and clichéd script too often reminds us this is no 30 Rock .
Because all these narrative threads are presented with equal emphasis , no single one feels fully developed . And Fey and Rudd 's screen time together is rushed ; audiences do n't get the chance to become invested in their characters .
Admission fizzles out to an almost aggressive extent and finally does conclude on as anticlimactic a note as one could envision ...
It is neither a broad comedy nor a dopey rom-com ; it 's actually , surprisingly enough , a seriocomic drama in something resembling the Alexander Payne mold , a slightly eccentric examination of flawed people doing their very best .
Photographed in fifty shades of beige , Admission is the blandest film I 've seen in months .
At the heart of the problem with this movie are matters of logic and cogency .
A romantic dramedy about a passionate erudite oddball woman with her own life ? Hooray !
What 's a romantic comedy to do when it is neither romantic nor comedic ? When that film is Admission , it plunges forward drunkenly , hoping to overcome its inadequacies with goodwill created by the cast .
Overstays its welcome before petering out unremarkably .
An engaging cast holds our interest even when this rom-com meanders down unnecessary sideroads and dips into corny sentimentality .
Princeton must have thought this film could help its reputation . It 's more likely to increase applications to Yale , Harvard and MIT .
Given two options , Admission routinely takes the less interesting of the two , and wastes a great deal of on-screen talent in the process .
Have you ever wondered how the admission procedure functions in Ivy League universities ? No , me neither .
There are chuckles and moving moments , just not enough of them .
Intermittently sharp but often dully over-extended .
We generally expect more wacky humour from Fey and Rudd than this comedy , which is packed with perhaps too-smart dialog and a lot of warm sentiment .
Romantic and family complications ensue but nothing especially memorable or purposeful . Or funny .
It is ... perilously short on laughs , and the few that do come are generated by Lily Tomlin as the heroine 's ferociously feminist mother .
Admission wants to win a place in our hearts , but after 108 minutes of relatively hard labour the majority of viewers probably wo n't let it in .
The comic material really is n't there , and the plot transitions feel forced and uncomfortable ...
The movie subverts expectations , and not in a good way , by seeming in a dither about its own identity .
This is comedy with zero pulse .
The tone is uneven , the central romance is unconvincing and it 's disappointingly low on actual laughs .
The themes are important , even if in this Hollywood laundering they are sloshed about in love suds and clattered by uneven comedy spins .
A perfectly serviceable , star-led romance , Admission is also proof that some actors are just fun to watch in anything -LRB- which here extends to the supporting cast as well as the leads -RRB- .
The staggeringly unconvincing dynamic between the central characters not only leaves Fey and Rudd helpless , it ensures the whole movie is effectively rudderless .
Admission is disappointing rather than disastrous but it 's desperately lacking in spark and individuality .
These truly are dark and terrible times if we are forced to accept the elitist problems of an Ivy League college admissions officer as shameless fodder for a romcom .
Yet another movie where a life is portrayed as unfulfilled unless the heroine has been down the Pampers aisle .
Occasionally charming but mostly bland fare from Weitz , despite the reliable cast . About A Boy remains the best showcase of his talents .
The tone and story lack such solidity . Opportunities for moments between Portia and Jeremiah go wasted .
It 's Tomlin who snatches laughs with her feminist doyenne , who 's horrendously doctrinaire yet perversely likable . She has the passion and outrageousness the movie needs .
With Fey 's name attached , you expect more than yet another Hollywood film that puts an over-eager career woman in her place .
It is n't a world beater , but this gentle and heartwarming understated comedy had better not be Rudd and Fey 's last as co-stars .
On entering adulthood .
A running theme of parenthood , by nature or nurture , extends `` Admission '' beyond its broader comedy of mismatched-or missing-romantic partners , sight gags and punch lines .
The many strands of this amiable yet overstuffed romantic comedy do n't hang together , though each , on its own , has a modest charm .
Fey 's usual self-deprecating wit and charm only sporadically rise above the plot mechanics .
Everywhere you see Tina Fey she is hilarious - except in this movie .
Admission never gives its world-class players the opportunity to do anything but sit on the sidelines while the film goes in circles , trying to find a consistent tone without ever getting out of its own way .
-LSB- T -RSB- he cards are stacked so heavily for the eventual winning side that Portia does n't have to grow or change to switch sides ; she just has to open her eyes .
The script was adapted from a novel but I ca n't imagine the book -LRB- or the characters in it -RRB- being this un-interesting .
So both Liz Lemon and Tina Fey got their wish . Except Liz 's costs you nothing : the Grizz sitcom is n't real or asking for 100 minutes of your life . Fey 's wish resulted in this movie , this dull , terrible , lifeless movie . The one where she talks to a cow .
Career women , you will finds happiness by embracing your maternal instincts . Parents and high-school students , you are right to obsess over college . Tina Fey , continue your domestication process . These are among the depressing affirmations of ` Admission . '
A comedy , but a serious comedy .
Fey and Rudd ca n't save college-bound comedy
While the idea of teaming Fey and Rudd sounds like a feasible one , the reality is that all this low-simmer niceness results in a movie that has absolutely no wit , bite or -- most shockingly -- moments of hilarity .
What it -LSB- arguably -RSB- lacks in passion , Admission makes up for nicely in heart with Tina Fey and Paul Rudd at their light dramatic best .
A rather bland comedy that never rises above its sitcom premise .
Fey is flawless as a stickler for rules , order , and over-rehearsed patter whose desperation to maintain an even keel at all times results in puckishly inappropriate behavior when things start to fall apart
A comedy that 's not especially funny , and a satire of the college admissions culture that is n't especially incisive
Admission squanders its most interesting aspects , flattening them out into a tidy , dull narrative instead of running with their more outlandish aspects , or focusing deeper on the pain at the heart of the characters .
What is most distressing about Admission is that it serves as further evidence that Tina Fey , despite her dominance of the small screen , has not yet mastered the big one .
When Admission is over , you 're left with the feeling that you 've seen something whole , complete , and enjoyable - albeit not all that memorable .
Depending on your point of view , then , Admission is either a so-so comedy , or a quirky drama that 's never fully formed .
Doris Day will be 89 in two weeks , which makes her exactly half a century too old to play the lead in Admission . That 's a pity , as perhaps only she could have done it justice -- if it had been made in 1958 .
This is certainly an interesting idea , though the movie is badly handicapped by Fey , who must venture beyond her usual snippiness into scenes of genuine poignancy and proves unequal to the task .
Granted , this is not automatic laugh-riot material , nor should it be , but did n't Fey recognize how hackneyed it all is ?
Once Weitz makes up his mind , ` Admission ' finds its voice as a drama in time to reach a satisfying conclusion .
-LSB- Weitz -RSB- wrings out solid humor from Portia 's comic struggles to balance her professionalism with her newly unearthed maternal instincts .
An alternately comical and thought-provoking cautionary tale that 's every bit as hilarious as it is sobering .
It 's not often a film comes along that 's just as much fun to watch with your parents as it is to watch with your partner or friends , but Admission is just that sort of film .
... a wonderfully entertaining comedy with good pace and sparkling performances ...
Teen-friendly comedy has laughs but is uneven .
If Fey ends up making movies as good as this one over the next few years , television 's loss will have been cinema 's gain , for real .
It 's mostly harmless , but also pretty lifeless .
`` Hey , look who 's here , '' the film says excitedly as Rudd and Fey routinely attempt to make a stale screenplay humorous , `` Why are n't you laughing at them ? ''
These guys could make taxes seem charming . Pair them up romantically and surround them with a competent three-act screenplay and the rest takes care of itself .
Katharine Hepburn used to specialize in supercompetent women who get their comeuppance and learn to be `` womanly . '' Is this a lesson that still needs teaching ?
Tina Fey and Paul Rudd are terrific . So is Lily Tomlin . The acting and chemistry works but this rom-com 's story does not .
It 's nothing that will knock your cinematic socks off and the performers clearly are n't stretching much , but it 's charming and pleasant enough to keep the pic from failing . -LRB- Complete Content Details for Parents also available -RRB-
Admission offers two appealing leads , a gaggle of potentially strong themes and , well , that 's about it .
Tina Fey once again excels at portraying a modern woman beset by very modern struggles and expectations .
You 'll be glad you enrolled .
This would be a good movie for a parent to watch with a high-school-age child facing down the college admissions slog-it 's mildly snarky but resolutely uncynical .
Some films are electric - Admission settles for alternating current .
When in doubt , ma'am , just ask yourself : What would Tina Fey do ?
In their central roles , Rudd and Fey have a natural , unforced chemistry . John and Portia are cute as buttons , but they 're also goofy , confused and flawed people .
The comedy does n't seem very funny when real emotional damage is inflicted , and the drama does n't work when the set-ups are so hard to justify in a real world context .
The romance between Tina Fey and Paul Rudd is by far the most conventional and least interesting thing in the otherwise pleasantly articulate `` Admission . ''
If Admission was a college application , it would be rejected , but only after the application fee had been deposited .
Through it all ... there are threads of emotional honesty .
Not even Tina Fey and Paul Rudd , arguably two of Hollywood 's most likable performers , are able to do much to save Weitz 's latest effort .
The commercials make it look like a standard romantic comedy but the plot line about reuniting with a child put up for adoption feels awkward , cluttered , and intrusive .
` Admission ' probably began with a clear artistic vision but was compromised along the way . The messy result offers glimpses of greatness dragged down by scenes that are bafflingly tone-deaf .
Thank goodness for Fey , who lends this sitcom soap a credible emotional center .
Only Mr. Rudd emerges unscathed . He protects himself by being consistently affable in the face of heavy odds .
The movie might not be Princeton material , but I would n't criticize anyone contributing to its scholarship .
Everybody in `` Admission '' is funny - Tina Fey , Paul Rudd , Lily Tomlin , Wallace Shawn - but they 're not funny in `` Admission . ''
While most college-themed comedies aim for low-SAT yucks , `` Admission '' tosses out jokes and cultural references that aim higher .
Admission settles for skin deep .
A genial , predictable and ultimately forgettable romantic comedy .
Cheerful , skittish entertainment that never takes its subject seriously enough .
They have their comedic moments for sure , but too often this movie just feels like something we 've seen before , and it ends up just being an average time at the movies .
... there 's more warmth than sizzle between Fey and Rudd and the film is neither fish nor fowl - it should have been much funnier or much edgier . Like Fey , Weitz seems content not rocking the boat ...
For what the movie is , it 's fine : a breezy flick that gives you some chuckles , a couple smiles and wo n't take up much of your brain 's hard drive .
The jokes are subtle but sharply pointed , the dialogue is smart without being cruel .
Fey and Rudd achieve a couple of comedy mindmelds ... but they 're fleeting , as Admission 's outlandish contrivances continue to get in the way .
Infused with an almost relentless blandness , it 's defined by soft comedy -LRB- a few laughs here and there -RRB- , flaccid drama , and likeable actors .
You could call it a dramedy , I guess , but that manufactured term suggests a blending of the two elements . Here they exist almost as separate genres squeezed into the same movie .
-LSB- Fey and Rudd -RSB- are fun to watch , though not as much fun as they might have been in a riskier , crazier movie .
Director Weitz does n't come close to pulling off the film 's drastic tonal shifts , but at least it 's an improvement over his last two films ...
There 's a good movie in here . It just takes a bit of patience to find it .
It 's a nice movie , but it 's actually also kind of good .
It promisingly pairs Fey with the dreamy-funny Paul Rudd , though they generate warmth without ever catching fire . The bigger problem is the story they 're in .
Tina Fey and Paul Rudd are a dream team in this light-hearted drama .
Never finding its right tone , Admission uncomfortably founders between the story 's comic and dramatic aspects and leaves behind a lumpy residue that tars its likable leads , Tina Fey and Paul Rudd .
Tina Fey and Paul Rudd rise above the inconsistent , elitist , borderline obnoxious material , as does irrepressible Lily Tomlin .
More to Admission than meets the eye .
This thin envelope of a comedy checks all the boxes for being a phoned-in , phony , padded rom-com .
Another formulaic spin on Hollywood 's 21st century discovery , the mom-rom-com , with its disagreeable underlying messages about women , careers and motherhood .
I 'd see Tina Fey and Paul Rudd in anything , but this is pushing it . Admission is so slight that a breeze could flatten it .
There have been so many shrill , dumb , rinky-dink romantic comedies that it 's easy to feel downright grateful when a smart , non-cheesy one comes along .
`` Admission '' is one film you may not want to get into .
An often pleasant , faintly comedic drama that too often struggles to find its tone .
When Admission stumbles , which it does often , aiming low for easy laughs at the price of missed opportunities to go deeper , the picture lays there uninspired , like a slice of boiled ham .
`` Admission '' probably should n't work , but intelligent dialogue and Tina Fey 's enormous likability earn it a passing grade .
Much less clever than one might hope , a film based on a couple of slender premises that earn an occasional chuckle but little more .
There 's a good movie in this story . The one that got made is roughly half-good .
It never quite lives up to its potential . But there 's value to be found in its meandering .
`` Admission '' has some sublime moments , most of them involving Fey and Rudd dancing around their inevitable romance . The problem is in the foundation .
Make up your mind , Admission . Do you want to go to Princeton or not ?
You can count on one hand the number of good romantic comedies in any given year . Which is why Admission is such a treat .
A Tina Fey movie that may as well be about Liz Lemon -LSB- with -RSB- neither the wit nor the comic and emotional surprise of an average 30 Rock episode .
It 's certainly a pleasant picture , but far from the knuckleball wit and goofball wonder Fey is typically associated with .
Would that Fey had been as choosy and critical about the screenplay as her character is about personal essays attached to applications to Princeton University .
You can take the kids , you can take grandma ; everyone will be ever so slightly entertained .
Fey and Rudd are always likable , but ADMISSION is pretty safe and uninspired .
An above-average romantic comedy , `` Admission '' profits considerably from Tina Fey 's reliable comic efforts as Portia Nathan , a Princeton University admissions officer approaching an unforeseen midlife crisis .
Despite a talented cast and a few amusing distractions , the film suffers from an overall flatness that 's surprising and disappointing .
Admission does n't just misfire , it flatlines .
Tina Fey bridges the gap from comedy to drama with aplomb in a movie that could serve as a product placement for Princeton University .
What should be a hilarious , long-overdue pairing of two hugely likable , superstar comedians ends up being a major disappointment with `` Admission . ''
The biggest problem with this movie is that Tina Fey did n't write it .
`` Admission '' lets its heart be its guide . Sure , that 's corny -- but this movie turns that into a strength .
It is n't loaded with rapid-fire laughs , but it 's because Weitz gives the material a chance to breathe and develops it into a more thoughtful comedy , making it more memorable and moving than most .
Another half-success spoiled by tonal uncertainty .
Admission does n't have the courage to suggest that a childless woman who 's doing work she loves just may have it all-or at least her all .
... the ending result is much better than I thought it was capable of being .
Not bad , but Tina Fey 's loooooong winning streak ends here .
Fey has the Sandra Bullock role -- exactly the kind of part that she has spent the last decade transcending . She 's not bad in it , though .
One of the best comedies in a while , this bracingly smart , affecting romp is that rare Hollywood screen farce which does n't insult your intelligence and should find wide appeal .
Assigned to the wrong director , Paul Weitz , who has not made a decent film in a decade , Admission is a misfire , despite the presence of the gifted comedienne Tina Fey .
Tina Fey 's first big blunder . Cavalier and flippant regarding serious issues . Sloppy directing , terrible acting . Where is Helen Hunt when you need her ?
The estrogenic elements prove widely ineffectual , but they 're just pieces of this overlong , overloaded misfire whose double-entendre title ultimately just goads the jaded viewer to admit defeat .
Engaging dramedy about a college admissions officer who suddenly finds herself adrift on a sea of difficulties which test her identity and deepest values .
A terrifically fresh narrative backdrop and the often delightful interplay of two timing-savvy comedians , Tina Fey and Paul Rudd , help give wings to director Paul Weitz 's Admission .
What appears on paper to be an ideal three-dimensional , morally complex role for the quick-witted comedienne backfires in practice , relying on Fey to be funny in a movie that works better serious .
Off the likability charts
Equal parts amiable and weightless , tough to take seriously and yet light on honest laughs .
Paul Weitz betrays an erratic grip on the comic tone , and the misguided central characters emerge , in the end , as less likeable than they ought to be .
It eventually elevates itself above its genre , which can be fully attributed to Paul Weitz 's knack for this type of material and the brilliant pairing of Tina Fey with Paul Rudd .

@highlight

Admission has a pair of immensely likable leads in Tina Fey and Paul Rudd , but it wastes them on a contrived -LRB- and clumsily directed -RRB- screenplay .