This all may sound all very heavy , but it is important to also point out that Hannah Arendt is also a good movie .
I found -LSB- Hannah Arendt -RSB- fascinating , though its lecture style may not appeal to some .
Although the movie etches a rather thin portrait of Arendt , it succeeds in humanizing her as a person , contextualizing her as a theorist , and evoking the courage she showed in airing convictions that often went against the scholarly tenor of her time .
Hannah Arendt is ultimately a pleasure , because Sukowa plays the most forbidding of intellectuals as a fabulous , passionate doll .
... actors in supporting roles telegraph the controversies surrounding Arendt 's personality as if they were attempting to literally touch the viewer 's nose .
Von Trotta does n't do justice to this strong woman and her contribution to thinking about the nature of evil .
A crisply measured character study with plenty of intriguing ideas , elevated by a terrific , finely calibrated performance by Sukowa .
A dramatically solid , if talky , account of the controversial episode in the post-war world that spawned the phrase `` the banality of evil '' , with strong performances from Barbara Sukowa and Janet McTeer .
I really like this film . I like the milieu that 's created of this intellectual life in New York during the 1950s . I think Sukowa is fantastic in the role .
It 's refreshing to find a film inspired by challenging ideas , and Von Trotta and her team are to be congratulated for bringing Arendt 's story to the screen
Sukowa is a supple and brave actress ; getting inside Arendt 's arguments is the hardest and if the film only succeeds sometimes , that is still a major achievement . Very few films in this era would have dared .
Von Trotta 's style is pretty stolid . She aims for documentary thoroughness rather than exhilarating drama . Nonetheless , it 's good to see a film that gets its narrative charge from the ferment of intellectual debate . It 's a rare breed .
it is as a piece of drama about the human condition that this film needs to be assessed , and on that score - with a few quibbles about structure and flashbacks and occasional lack of clarity - it is successful , in its own rigorous way
Totalitarianism with sinful intentions versus bureaucratic compliance is what is on the menu - the result is more interesting on an academic and intellectual level than in actual engagement and entertainment terms
From watching Hannah Arendt , we learn that it is possible to make a taut , compelling film about intellectuals , their opinions and discourse .
Hey , who does n't love a good retrospective courtroom drama , or a tasteful picture about a smart writer having a think ?
An intelligent film for open-minded thinkers .
Arendt , through the film 's glamorizing lens , becomes a character impossible not to identify or agree with .
Thinker and writer adds an intellectual footnote to the Holocaust
Barbara Sukowa delivers a beautifully modulated performance , showing the rigor of Arendt 's thought and convictions while revealing the contours of a passionate woman with complex relationships .
-LSB- Barbara Sukowa -RSB- invests Arendt with a steely fury , but the film , set during and after the 1961 trial of ex -- Nazi official Adolf Eichmann , has an entertaining cocktail-banter superficiality .
The banality of evil is examined in this solid and intelligent account of Arendt 's controversial conclusions on the trial of Adolf Eichmann .
The period is subtly rendered and the climactic defence of her ideas before a class of students and critics is a stirring and thought-provoking coda .
This is an interesting film about ideas , and how explosive they can be .
A trivial take on a profound thinker .
An involving and important drama which provides excellent insight into the life of political theorist Hannah Arendt during the time she reported on the Adolf Eichmann trial , only sadly marred by some bad acting and poor dialogue .
Hannah Arendt 's problem is the evil of banality : the gnawing away of drama by platitude and pedestrian mise-en-scène .
Though growing considerably tedious in parts , and lagging somewhat in the middle stages , Hannah Arendt picks up once again for what is an immensely engaging climax .
It 's both an amazing piece of impersonation and a subtle , canny performance that suggests the sharpness of Arendt 's thinking .
Not really an edifying episode in intellectual history , but an interesting story told with appropriate restraint .
For those who value the life of the mind and the responsibility of the public intellectual , it 's an engrossing -- indeed important -- film .
Von Trotta 's direction is assured and the film has an incredibly strong performance at its core , and it asks a number of important questions , even though it does n't dare to answer them .
Like A Hidden Method , David Cronenberg 's drama about Sigmund Freud and Carl Jung , Hannah Arendt takes seriously the life of the mind .
Not for everyone , but the character is very much worth investigating for her own sake .
In an era of sleepwalking surrender , `` Hannah Arendt '' is a welcome wake-up call , a ringing reminder that warring forces first assemble on the battlefield of conscience .
Balanced portrayal , makes a persuasive case that Arendt was a valuable voice , whose dedicated work in trying to unravel the causes of Europe 's moral collapse was worthy of study and consideration .
Arendt is so measured and elegant that the filmmaking seems effortless .
A film that ultimately says more about banality than evil .
Barbara Sukowa is powerful as the chain-smoking and independent Hannah and inhabits her character with passion .
-LSB- A -RSB- moving examination of the limits of human understanding when confronted with evil .
While Hannah Arendt is commendable work , Sukowa makes it a necessary sit , watching the actress slip into the skin of a thrillingly sophisticated woman , flawlessly communicating every single beat of her intellectual firepower .
You 'd be better off reading Arendt 's work .
Hannah Arendt succeeds at articulating the complex ideas that defined the subject 's life , which makes the movie a lingering intellectual exercise as well as an eye-opening examination of 20th century thought .
Hannah Arendt is hagiography of the most egregious kind . It makes Lincoln look like a smear job .
Mixed bag , fascinating in its treatment of the Eichmann case , but stilted in its treatment of Arendt and her coterie .
Fifty years later , von Trotta 's given us a reminder that what we now accept as proven and basic facts and concepts caused outrage in their time ...
Sukowa , who is very appealing in some personal moments in the film , makes Arendt strong in a cool , logical , but humanly unrealistic position .
While it could easily be shorter and move a bit faster , especially at the beginning , it appears to move at a speed that 's true to the heroine 's thought process ... If this portrait is true to Arendt , then let it stand .
Forceful portrayal by Sukowa humanizes an intellectual whose persona is remembered as grim as her philosophical observations ... without her key controversial claims .
Barbara Sukowa 's performance in the title role is the kind that reverberates long after the screen goes black .
A fascinating character study of an arrogant , cold-hearted , self-hating Jew who had the nerve to blame 6,000,000 of her own people for their extermination in concentration camps .
An engrossing drama about the controversial comments by the philosopher Hannah Arendt on the Adolf Eichmann trial in 1962 in Israel .
Von Trotta includes actual footage of Eichmann 's trial , simultaneously trivializing it and diminishing the rest of the movie to the vanishing point .
Veteran German director Margarethe von Trotta has perhaps her strongest film to date with Hannah Arendt , yet another of her works about historically important women . Also notable is the superb cast led by Barbara Sukowa .
The chick flick gets a magnificent makeover , so to speak , for something other than the usual sex and romance . Delving into the intellectual life of the defiant philosopher and provocative theorist of the ` banality of evil , as politically potent today .
-LSB- Sukowa -RSB- and von Trotta accomplish something unusual in a movie : They make thinking dramatic .
It 's involving , as biopics go , but the shattering debates that still swirl around Arendt 's view of the Holocaust are relegated to walk-ons .
An emotionally compelling and provocative character study of a brave , intelligent woman . Barbara Sukowa delivers a bravura performance .
It 's the actual courtroom footage that 's the most effectively deep and ambiguous thing in this well-crafted but static biopic .
Once we get to the Eichmann trial and its aftermath , it 's mesmerizing .
A mildly intriguing drama of the often unavoidable and contentious intersection of intellectual analysis and personal prejudices .
My only real problem with `` Hannah Arendt '' is that it 's not a mini-series .
Being accused of rationalizing the Third Reich and disowned by Zionist friends does n't provide a lot of drama , but the relentless focus on figuring out how we are to think about the Final Solution can be compelling .
The writer-philosopher Hannah Arendt is brought to life by a mesmerizing Barbara Sukowa in Margarethe von Trotta 's film .
The film 's point is made in the contrast of staunch stick-to-her-guns individual Hannah Arendt as against the personality-less bureaucratic Nazi official .
The film 's most striking quality , and it 's not insignificant , is director Margarethe von Trotta 's refusal to fossilize the controversies she dramatizes .
Riveting biopic about the first target of the Israel lobby .
A watchable , even suspenseful portrait of a woman who spends most of the film smoking cigarettes , sitting at typewriters or sparring at dinner parties .

@highlight

Led by a powerful performance from Barbara Sukowa , Hannah Arendt does a commendable job of dramatizing the life of a complex public figure .