There 's absolutely nothing to cling on to , as a viewer that can engage you about this movie in terms of emotional content .
For just ten dollars , you can roll the dice and enjoy your customized Nicholas Sparks White People Experience . Let 's play !
The puppies and babies become a key factor in distracting us from the fact that there 's zero chemistry between the vibrant Palmer and the stiff Walker .
The Choice is another tired retread of Nicholas Sparks 's favorite themes : good ol' Southern living , problematic women , and the specialness of love .
What makes this film a notch above other cookie-cutter Sparks adaptations is a strong cast
Sappy and corny , The Choice will either make you bawl your eyes out or dull you into a coma .
The thing that 's particularly galling about his latest installment , The Choice , is that the script seems to think it delivers a sophisticated and witty battle of the sexes .
Do n't expect anything new other than what you already expect from this film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
While The Choice certainly is n't for everyone , there is something refreshing to be wrung from such an unabashedly earnest and wholesome world view .
Sticking unremittingly to its formulaic mould , The Choice - boasting all of the worst romantic movie tropes under the sun - is the definition of derivativeness , featuring plenty of hand-holding , eye-gazing and corny romantic exchanges .
A predictable love story whose ending we know from the get go . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A valentine 's card could be more original than this film that can be harmful for diabetics . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film where nothing happens in the first hour and the second one becomes really predictable . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The leads have no chemistry between them and that ruins the whole movie . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Como el resto de las obras de Nicholas Sparks , es poco más que un vehículo para derrochar cursilería y melodrama .
For audiences , the only important choice is to find something better to do than watch this anemic film .
The bottom line is that The Choice works . It knows what it is doing and who it is aiming for . Those who are n't interested in being swept up by romance and having their buttons pushed will know better than to buy a ticket .
The Choice , hooked up to a sap-dripping IV , drifts through The Instant Attraction , eyelid-flutters through The Sudden Misfortune , and flatlines with The Miracle . Sparks-style , sadness is sanctified as the tear-distilled purity-essence of love .
There 's little doubt that The Choice contains many of the elements generally associated with Sparks ' endeavors ...
It 's one of the better Sparks adaptations since The Notebook because it does n't simply feel like it 's dragging its heels until the main conflict hits .
The recipe does not vary a bit from what American filmmaking has been doing since forever with this subject matter . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
It has no surprises . It 's all contrivance and clichés . Choose wisely and select another film .
Go back and re-watch Nick Cassavetes ' vastly superior The Notebook .
If we were to measure The Choice on a scale which is only used to measure other Sparks films , The Choice is par for the course , pandering as ever to a built-in audience .
It makes for one insufferably soppy Valentine .
People who enjoyed films like Dear John or The Notebook should find little to dislike here ; while people who loathed those movies are best to steer clear .
This adaptation of Nicholas Sparks 's novel goes for well over an hour before something important happens , and then it lurches to its ludicrous conclusion .
We the people deserve every nutty coincidence , beautiful disaster , luxurious grief montage , and supernatural final-act reveal . Garbage-entertainment is still entertainment . Why , then , does The Choice almost entirely opt out of its own game ?
Director Ross Katz , who did last year 's well-received `` Adult Beginners , '' works from a script by Bryan Sipe -LRB- `` Demolition '' -RRB- that summons all the de rigueur contrivances and corny dialogue that hasten tooth decay .
The leads have a dynamic chemistry that is n't The Notebook worthy but definitely will have you invested enough when tragedy strikes .
You feel manipulated , but not in the I-can ` t-help-but-be-moved way that these films usually work . By the time its finale rolls around , The Choice has completely undone its own spell .
I do n't read Nicholas Sparks books and ca n't say he should n't keep writing them . I do see the movies . I have expertise there and can say emphatically , stop making them .
The latest Nicholas Sparks adaptation may turn off even his most ardent fans .
Endearingly acted by Palmer and Walker , The Choice is just so brazenly similar to every romantic tragedy that 's come before that it feels less like a movie and more like the chicken scratch notes of someone who sped-read a Nicholas Sparks book .
... shallow and obvious even by Sparks ' standards , with a heavy dose of melodrama and minimal insight into contemporary relationships despite its thought-provoking pretenses .
Less of an insane soap opera than a lot of Sparks-based movies , so you could do worse .
Even when things take a turn , the movie does n't become more complicated or interesting ; we simply start down an equally predictable new track .
The Choice feels like Mad Libs with some of Sparks ' laziest clichés - a romantic rowboat , a colorful small-town carnival , a jealous upper-class boyfriend - and the result is a predictable , recycled mess .
Even as Travis and Gabby fuss and feud , everyone around them is thinking , `` Ca n't these two crazy kids see they 're made for each other ? ' The obstacles set up to keep them apart seem contrived .
Really , almost anything in theaters right now would be a better alternative to The Choice .
If I were you , I 'd choose to see something other than `` The Choice . '' -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Sex , Violence , Profanity , etc. - Also Available -RRB-
As usual , love will be declared , tears will be shed , rain will fall , stars will be gazed at and dogs will be shamelessly anthropomorphized by their owners .
Womanizer trades up for true love in Nicholas Sparks weepie .
`` The Choice '' totally botches its central pairing , to the point where you might find yourself hoping the blandly irksome twosome fail to even get together .
This is the cinematic equivalent of a box of chocolates and a peck on the cheek , empty calories and not much more , but if that 's what you 're in the market for , it delivers well enough .
` The Choice ' offers a choice , all right -- do you prefer your Southern-style canned corn with extra ham , double cheese or a heaping helping of buttered schmaltz ?
After spending five minutes with Travis and Gabby , serious thought paid to a monastic lifestyle is all but guaranteed .
It 's disappointing because - and maybe this is the true surprise - so much of the picture 's first two-thirds are actually decent . I would n't call them good , but I 'd call them watchable .
We are told by a male narrator in a Forrest Gumpian drawl that `` the whole damn thing is about choices , '' and that `` every path you take leads to another choice , '' and that `` some choices change everything . '' Jeepers .
If you 're looking for a reason to watch pretty people and cry , then , by all means , head to the theater . But it pales in comparison to other Sparks works , especially when it gets into medical-ethics territory .
The surprises are not as surprising to us as they are to the characters . But there is something gentle about the story that is undeniably captivating .
Some will eagerly dig in , while others are likely to find it too sticky and overly rich .
The Choice is the cinematic equivalent of staring at a Hallmark Card for two hours .
It all ends up being familiar pieces of the kind of stories Sparks tells so well . He 's found the right formula of creating likable people , pushing them together and then creating a crisis that will either make or break their love .
How many times , really , can someone repackage the same generic love story , presented with all the artistry of a travel-agency brochure and affixed with yet another third-act tragedy ?
There are no surprises here - okay , maybe one - and you can expect some light welling-up of the tear ducts and a few laugh-out-loud moments , sandwiched between corny dialogue and dramatic acts of love .
The only choice is to make sure a barf bag is nearby .
There is a grating sloppiness to much of `` The Choice , '' both narratively and stylistically .
`` The Choice '' is the 11th feature film to be adapted from a novel by bestselling author Nicholas Sparks . They should have stopped at No. 10 .
`` The Choice '' aims to pull its audience 's heartstrings -- really , this is its only aim -- but each narrative step is so rigidly prefabricated it is difficult to feel much of anything .
Most Nicholas Sparks adaptations say , in cinematic terms , nothing so complicated as `` roses are red . '' This one just points to a garden and shrugs .
The latest , and quite possibly worst , tissue-thin weepie to issue forth from the Nicholas Sparks page-to-screen assembly line ...
. . apparently this smart woman can not be trusted to make her own decisions about what she wants . A particularly ironic idea considering that the opening narration is all about making choices . Hence the title .
A tick-the-boxes , by-the-numbers affair .
It delivers the goods , such as they are , but sometimes it seems like it 's gone rogue and realized these movies are best treated as jokes - or maybe they should try to be good .
This sort of sentiment hinges on performances and the percentage of horrendous writing , and The Choice does OK in the latter category and quite well in the former .
Unendurably dull-minded , sentimental soap features good-looking actors who give it their best shot .
Spare me .
Directed by Ross Katz and filmed like an ad for erectile-dysfunction medication , The Choice is almost repellently synthetic .
You might find yourself weeping tears of relief when the credits finally roll .
Endless love ... emphasis on `` endless . ''
The film disappointingly , even lazily , shies away from being anything more than you 'd expect .
Hollywood has devised a uniquely gruelling rite of passage for its aspiring young stars . It 's the Nicholas Sparks movie .
Teresa Palmer and Benjamin Walker bring more conviction than their roles deserve . It is really not much of a compliment to say the scenery is nice .
The result is something with all the worst traits of a standard Hollywood romance , predictability , zero drama and , in this case , a misleading title .
There 's not a single moment of emotional honesty in this latest helping of meretricious melodrama Nicholas Sparks , but that probably wo n't stop his fans from sighing and weeping over its ham-fisted mixture of giggly romance and cheap sentiment .
Palmer is an appealing screen presence , and Walker is passable in his crying scenes , but together they 're as bland as the lines they often appear uncomfortable uttering .
Just in time for Valentine 's Day , here comes the movie equivalent of a red , heart-shaped foil balloon attached to a cheap plastic stick .
This Nicholas Sparks weepie is a surefire recipe for disaster : syrupy Mills & Boon romance , clichéd script , overcooked performances , irritating characters and a twist that makes you weep for all the wrong reasons

@highlight

Like the 10 Nicholas Sparks movies before it , The Choice finds tragedy striking star-crossed lovers in the sun-dappled South -- yet even for those who loved its predecessors , this gauzy melodrama may feel painfully formulaic .