It 's impossible to resist such a massive onslaught of resources , music , and transparent narrative shortcuts meant to persuade you to exercise your right to vote .
Swing Vote has its moments , especially when Grammer or Hopper are around , but it 's trying to do too much ... there 's so many ideas floating around in there , it all ends up being very shallow .
People like to make fun of Kevin Costner , and sometimes he deserves it . But when he gets his laid-back , rascally mojo going , he can become a most agreeable screen companion for a couple of hours
Swing Vote seems to be suggesting that the voter deserves a better class of candidate ; allow me to suggest that the viewer deserves a better class of film .
... a thoroughly affable piece of work that makes up in easy-going entertainment what it lacks in plausibility .
It 's a predictable , feel-good fantasy in the mould of a political satire and the result is a good one .
Swing Vote suggests that a few hours of cramming is enough -- our brief run-in with Palin confirms that it 's not .
Goes for cheap laughs with its politics , but wins back at least some respect when it presents its central characters as real people and their issues as immune to instant cure .
I 's unclear how we 're supposed to respond .
It 's a sentiment Capra might well have echoed , though he would surely have punched up the gags while he was at it .
A film that never seems entirely sure of what it 's really about .
Costner does what he can with a role that is described as lovable , but I did n't find him so . Bud 's a loser , nearly a bum , and even the expected turn-around did n't ring true for me .
Depictions of the spineless presidential hopefuls -LRB- Kelsey Grammer and Dennis Hopper -RRB- and their campaign managers -LRB- Stanley Tucci and Nathan Lane , respectively -RRB- offer standard-issue political satire .
Watchable , well acted satirical drama that starts well but quickly loses its bite and tails off into sentimentality and a cop-out ending .
The film varies between ironic cynicism about the political process and overt whimsy and sentimentality .
The blend between surreal satire and sentiment is n't always comfortable but the set-up is intriguing and Costner nails the part .
What starts out as a hokey satire on electioneering and spin becomes a hokey lesson on civic responsibility , with a catch in the throat and a tear in the eye . Try to suppress the curl in your lip .
Hayseed nonsense , folksily scripted . Whenever it becomes too much - or too little - close your eyes and think of Frank Capra .
While not without its charms , and aiming a well-placed dig at American voter apathy , the jokes do n't work , Costner looks hungover for real and the corn count is way , way too high , particularly during Bud 's big speech at the end .
Election-year pertinence turns to mush in a winsome feel-gooder that wastes no time ramming its wholesome message down our throats . Oh , and did we mention that Kev gets to sing with his band Modern West ? What a load of ballots ...
The cynical vote-chasing ploys of the political machines are cheekily spoofed ... and then the grand conceit is deserted and the whole caboodle slides into a tacky vat of sentimental , flag-waving gloop .
Swing Vote is a benign but telling satire .
But away from the cutesy stuff there are some surprisingly sharp digs at the political process .
It 's like a party political broadcast brought to you by the Idiot Party .
Jolly enough but far , far too nice . A satire with no bite that seems much more like a chance to preach at an apathetic electorate .
He shoots simultaneously for ` wake up , America ! ' inspiration and good ol' boy charm but ends up putting both barrels through his own cowboy-booted foot .
This light satire is unlikely to influence the forthcoming election , but Costner 's in fine fettle .
Absurdity 's a crucial trait of Costner films -LRB- The Postman ? Message In A Bottle ? -RRB- , so hold the exasperated sigh .
Disney 's valiant attempt at making politics even more excruciating than they already are .
If your perfect weekend is Nascar and country music , with barely any political discussion , then this is your cup of tea ... I mean bottle of beer .
The most underrated film of the year .
Overall `` Swing Vote '' was left unresolved in the end and could not sustain a viewing audience for the 100 minute run time . It would be much better viewed at home , so you may doze off comfortably .
Although it preaches political engagement , it hopes very much to have an audience full of Buds who wo n't mind when it ambles lazily into the closing credits having taken a stand for nothing whatsoever .
A rocky start aside , this blend of timely political satire and father/daughter heart warmer offers enough truth about media manipulation and voter pandering to win over an undemanding audience .
Unlikely premise , yet script offers dialogue , heart-tugs , actual intelligent thought and a fair and necessary reflection on the State elections in the Union . A pleasant film .
The whole enterprise , including Costner 's uneven performance , does get better and more absorbing as it develops . But not enough to be meaningful .
You can smell the inauthenticity and condescension - Swing Vote seems like it was written by the kind of guy who talks about Applebee 's salad bar .
Costner swings and misses
The toothlessness of this purported political satire is such that it would have a hard time chewing its way through a bowl of Cream of Wheat .
A surprisingly funny and astute satire of the two-party political system .
Goofball Bud Johnson is such a funny , undemanding guy and his daughter such a pre-teen chip of gold , whatever ticket they 're running on ... I swing their way .
Not a bad movie , probably OK to rent on DVD , but I 'm saying do n't rush to the theaters .
It 's funny , sad , involving , and very well made . This is one of the big surprises of the summer .
One of the most idiotic movies about the American political process ever made .
This is one film that Larry the Cable Guy could have improved in the leading role .
If Barry Levinson 's Wag the Dog serves as the gold standard for political satire , then Swing Vote has got a bad case of fleas .
A usually reliable indicator of a bad movie is this : It contains the credit ` Larry King as himself . '
This gentle , philosophical movie gets my vote for an entertaining pre-election thought-provoker .
With Costner 's yokel having a decided preference for being handed a beer rather than a ballot , he does a pretty darn good job of exposing the phony platitudes and pandering of candidates , in a movie about bad news politicians and even badder parenting .
The political satire is nice -LRB- but perhaps too gentle -RRB- and the family drama is touching , but the two elements do n't necessarily mesh well within the same film .
Smart , sharp , and savvy while still being eminently likaeable , this is a film that does n't create stock villains and heroes
A string of shameless sales pitches sans the rudiments of a major motion picture . Next time , how about including an ending if you 're going to ask us to sit through two hours of commercials ?
The `` wow '' factor in ` Swing Vote ' is Madeline Carroll 's impressive screen presence . She 's a power to be reckoned with , so watch your back , Abigail Breslin !
It is neither appreciably better nor dramatically worse than its hokey , please-describe-me-as - ` Capraesque ' premise .
The movie is very funny , but I was disapointed the movie plays up Bud 's drinking and excessive use of profanity throughout the movie
As for the political commentary ... it 's as toothless as a Disney Channel movie .
Does anyone really want to sit through the campaigning , scheming , and dissecting of fictional candidates when we 're drowning in the minutiae of real ones ? Especially with Costner ?
Swing Vote is n't inspirational as much as it 's simply afraid to take a stand on anything .
It 's with that speech that Costner swung me over to his side with his silly throwback political satire .
Despite its disturbing inconsistencies , this gently satirical , Frank Capra-esque riff on the political process is a melodramatic civics lesson .
Like some unwieldy piece of legislation , Swing Vote smacks of a lost opportunity - a chance to make an important statement , but watered down by compromises .
Swing Vote almost got my vote until its long and treacly last act .
Carroll turns Costner into her comic foil , effectively relegating the Oscar winner to giving a supporting-sidekick performance in his own film .
One minute you 're laughing at its sendup of the political process , and the next you 're stricken by the sorry state of the sweet and brainy protagonist 's family .
Ostensibly a political satire with a heart of mush , Joshua Michael Stern hopelessly muddled film cries out for the firm hand of either a dyed-in-the-wool cynic like Billy Wilder .
One of the most surprising , politically suggestive movies to come out of Hollywood this year .
As often happens with politics , even as Swing Vote entertains , it leaves us feeling like we 've been subjected to some slick manipulation and worse , left with promises unfulfilled .
Swing Vote , an oddly off-balance comedy directed by Joshua Michael Stern , feels like two movies ; one much better than the other .
It 's a clever idea for a lampoon and the movie has some fun with it , especially in the scenes that show us how willing and eager the candidates are to shade or reverse their positions on ANY issue at the slightest hint it might please -LSB- Bud -RSB- .
The mix of comedy and drama is winning ; Costner could n't be better , and the little girl is a find .
A deathly uneven , woefully unfunny attempt at a political comedy/statement from an emphatically nondescript filmmaker and an overexcited Kevin Costner is not the proper vessel for change .
Stern and his lead actor do manage to pull it all together at the end .
Sometimes , an actor 's enthusiasm for a role can carry a performance past its more awkward moments .
Swing Vote nicely boils down America 's political malaise to one man 's awakening from a Budweiser stupor and seeing the only thing that matters when you do n't pay attention and exercise the franchise on Election Day : You 're letting your kid down .
Ee 're all supposed to forgive his numerous faults when we see the sparkle in his eye and how much he really does love his daughter .
This would-be civics lesson is such an appalling view of American democracy that it could be used as a recruiting film by al Qaeda .
The lightweight Swing Vote is a good-ol ' - boy civics lesson that 's too scattered to achieve its predictable goals .
The film eventually bogs down in drama , with an unnecessary subplot involving Bud 's estranged wife and an ethical dilemma for a local news reporter -LRB- Paula Patton -RRB- that never really gets off the ground .
For all its faults -- and they are numerous -- Swing Vote is a hard movie to dislike by the end simply because it nails the uplifting moment that it has spent two hours chasing .
Swing Vote has a sharp , clever script , grown-up laughs and a background filled with skilled funny men -- Nathan Lane , Stanley Tucci , Kelsey Grammer and George Lopez .
Swing Vote is an amiable lug of a movie , part public service announcement , part political satire and part good-old-boy comedy with a spritz of sentiment hanging over the entire enterprise .
The filmmakers want to fashion a civics lesson but they do n't bother to include anything of substance .
The undertones of Frank Capra come bubbling to the surface in a smarmy finale complete with French horn and bags of mail from the common folk .
Newcomer Joshua Michael Stern directs his own screenplay -LRB- co-scripted by Jason Richman -RRB- with great confidence and a solid flair for biting political humor .
Kevin Costner -LSB- is -RSB- always at his best when playing amiable rogues .
It 's 2008 . Why are we still microwaving Frank Capra 's old casseroles ? The movie turns racism , class woes , and social issues into jokes instead of engaging them with intelligence , wit , or a whiff of drama .
Kevin Costner can do certain kinds of American confusion better than anyone else .
This politically driven writer wants to like any film where the basic message is `` pay attention , people , '' but the critic in me ca n't give a movie with all the subtlety of a lead hammer a pass on thematic intentions alone .
Near the end , Bud admits that his situation used to be funny , but now it is n't any more . The same , alas , can be said of the movie as a whole .
Worse , with so much going on in the background Bud and Molly 's foreground saga never grows the emotional wings it needs to soar , their journey of reconciliation and love painfully lost amidst all the sloganeering and electoral hurly-burly .
-LSB- Y -RSB- ou almost want to hug Swing Vote ... it 's so cute in how it thinks ... that one-man-one-vote really is something akin to , well , maybe nine innings of baseball on a glorious summer 's day .
Swing Vote is n't going to be remembered as the best political comedy of our time , but it 's not a bad showcase for Costner , and its heart and brain are both in something close to the right place .
Would be innocuous if it were n't so utterly , utterly misguided ... a black comedy that does n't know it 's a black comedy .
Not counting -LSB- Kevin -RSB- Costner 's cliche-ridden speech , the movie has a great make-you-think ending . If only the beginning , the middle and the basic premise were that profound .
Swing Vote 's satire is consistently unsurprising , even if it 's warranted .
As a political shaggy dog story , -LSB- it 's -RSB- an entertaining diversion from the real life 2008 campaign . For moviegoers hungry for substance , that may not be enough .
If Swing Vote seems ridiculously improbable -LRB- and it is -RRB- , then it might be best to remind yourself that the presidency coming down to the votes of just one county in Florida seemed far-fetched once upon a time , too .
As in so many essentially childish movies , it 's an actual child who 's always the smartest pants in the room .
Getting an ` A ' for whimsy , Swing Vote might strike a chord with viewers who want a little light humor with their political discourse .
If you want to cast your vote for smart , witty and irreverent filmmaking , this is the movie you 've been waiting for .
Even Frank himself would blanch at this serving of stale , sodden Capracorn .
The picture 's message is admirable and young Madeline Carroll exhibits real acting chops , but the film itself is overlong , horrendously lit , cliched and heavy handed .
It 's the sort of bite-less parody that sticks to safe punchlines and goes out of its way to insult no one . You know , like a JibJab cartoon .
Swing Vote , to sound as cliche as possible , is a heartwarming film that is smart and laugh-out loud funny . Believe it or not , the flick sends an important message about politics .
It almost manages to restore -LRB- at least temporarily -RRB- one 's faith in both the democratic process and Kevin Costner 's career .
It 's as if Stern were asked to make one of three films , but made the mistake of choosing ` All of the Above ' instead .
When it was funny , I had a good time . When it tried to be serious and high minded , I fell asleep .
Kevin Costner the producer severely underestimates the ability of Kevin Costner the actor to win over the audience in this tepid satire of electoral politics .
Confirms Plato 's view that the head of state should be a philosopher-king , not someone chosen by people from small towns like Texaco , NM .
spends two hours demeaning the hillbilly cowpokes of flyover country , then reminds us just how powerful they can be in a general election
Under the direction of co-writer Joshua Michael Stern , it emerges as third-rate Capracorn , leaden and lumpy where it should be swift and pointed .
Like so many presidential candidates , Swing Vote falls victim to unfulfilled promises , wasted opportunities and smug self-satisfaction .
Swing Vote is n't exactly a toothless political satire . It 's something worse : a satire with dentures .
Neither nimble enough to reflect the times nor passionate enough to be inspiring , the election year comedy relies on broad-side-of-a-barn caricatures and out-of-the-mouths-of-babes platitudes .
Swing Vote captures the spirit of an election year when many once-apathetic Americans are keenly interested in the outcome . We have met the enemy and he is us . But so is the hero .
Swing Vote desperately wants us to think of it as a modern-day , ` populist ' comedy , much like Frank Capra 's beloved 1939 comedy , Mr. Smith Goes to Washington , or the films of Preston Sturges .
The ridiculous setup is just the skeleton for something more substantial ; the flesh of the movie is made of the funny , tender interactions between Bud and his daughter , Molly .
A great cast but it 's tough for actors to create laughs when the lines are n't funny , the leading man is miscast , the direction is hardly Capraesque , and the history ignorant .
If this is Everyman -LRB- and why else cast Costner ? -RRB- , he 's enough to make you think twice about democracy .
A disarming political satire perfectly calibrated to the national mood and to its revitalized star .
Swing Vote is the broadest , most meaningless kind of mainstream comedy .
Tonally and thematically all over the place . It 's a political satire that is too soft and yet too cynical . It 's a familial drama that wishes to tug at the heartstrings , but is done in by cloying prefabrication .
A mediocre Hollywood movie with a trite message about civic responsibility .
Well-intentioned , this is yet another failed attempt to update the Capraesque -LRB- and Capracorn -RRB- political comedies of the Depression . Do American films always have to reduce macro real-politics to the micro interpersonal level ?
Swing Vote lopes along and is best taken as a tale of a father and a daughter coming through a rough patch to a better place , rather than anything to do with real-world politics .
The movie is a genial comedy , but it has significant undertones .
I wanted to like it , and I liked many things about it , but man , slicing off about 20 minutes and three subplots would sure improve it .
By the time Bud sincerely apprehends his citizen responsibilities , Swing Vote has swung irrevocably toward condescension .
Smartly written by Jason Richman and Joshua Michael Stern -LRB- who also directed -RRB- , Swing Vote is n't a realistic film -- it veers off course with a subplot involving Molly 's absent mother -- but it often has the ring of truth .
After years of misfires , Kevin Costner has hit upon a strategy to make himself likable in a movie : by playing someone completely unlikable .
Swing Vote swings wildly between spot-on satire and bold-faced parody without ever quite striking a comfortable balance , and it 's nothing if not overstuffed .
... like watching James Stewart smile his way through The Lost Weekend .
Lots of booze in mostly winning political comedy .
This film packed with political cliches is unlikely to make a difference to American political culture or its distributor 's bottom line , despite a dependable cast of stars including Kevin Costner , Kelsey Grammer , and Dennis Hopper .
Swing Vote is more subtle and insightful than the dumbed-down comedy the marketing campaign would have us believe it to be .
Swing Vote may muster a few easy laughs , but the film is no contender .
In this climate , Kevin Costner 's boldly heartfelt new film Swing Vote is strange indeed .
Swing Vote is guilty of being the same thing that so many political candidates accuse each other of being : a flip-flopper .
A Shirley Temple movie camouflaged as political Capra-corn .
Funny , animated , appealing in an aw-shucks sort of way , the star milks maximum impact from a unique body language that is refreshingly knock-kneed and bow-legged at the same time .
For those in the Red States anxiously awaiting a political comedy just for you , here comes an extremely erratic and disjointed attempt at mixing comedy with a message movie that fails on both counts .
American democracy has rarely looked worse than in this unfunny and undramatic comedy-drama .
Graced with a gently cynical spirit and more brains than its average-Joe protagonist , Swing Vote applies a pleasing Frank Capra-esque glaze to the fanciful story of a blue-collar American whose vote ends up being the only one that counts .






@highlight

Despite Kevin Costner providing his most charismatic performance in years , Swing Vote fails to find the right mix of political satire and heartfelt drama .