An energetic but unsatisfying behind the scenes account of actors dress rehearsing or in street clothes rehearsing to do the Shakespeare play Richard III .
succeeds in giving us a greater appreciation for Shakespeare
That the film is a must for Pacino fans goes without saying ; the surprise is how generally enjoyable it all is .
Almost inadvertently Pacino comes up with what must be one of the best films of his career .
This runs 118 minutes , but it felt like six or seven hours .
High-spirited and infectiously energetic .
A first-rate study of a famous actor coming to grips with a world-class challenge .
The film is sloppily pieced together , as Pacino appears unsure of exactly what he wants to achieve .
It 's a true labor of love and one of the high points in his distinguished career .
Pacino 's first film as writer/director is a marvellously intelligent , witty and imaginative exploration of the problems faced by anyone wishing to act in Shakespeare or translate the plays to film .
A remarkable entertainment ; funny , fascinating , and always entertaining .
Wonderful documentary for those who love Shakespeare , those who love actors , those who love Pacino ...
A crowd-pleasing exploration of Shakespeare 's most melodramatic potboiler .
Kids seeing this film first may well end up with a better understanding of the Bard 's work .
Pacino has made an informative , engrossing and hugely enjoyable movie that stands as a work of pure entertainment , almost as powerful as its inspiration .
Fascinating and ingenius .
Brilliant deconstruction of the bard . Should be mandatory viewing in our schools .
Shakespeare 's play is much closer to the audience than it was before .
At the end you expect Al Pacino to cry , ` A point ! A point ! My kingdom for a point ! '
There are actors ' rehearsals and performances , and Mr. Pacino interviews experts , conducts man-on-the-street polls and stages collegial arguments with his cronies . Thus emerges the intricate story of Richard 's ambition .
A thrill , for the Shakespearean novice and expert alike .
Do you love Shakespeare ? Are you fascinated by the actor 's craft ? Mad about classical theater ? Have I got a movie for you .
The last half-hour drags .
Not an easy task , but worth the effort .
An astute , funny , loving and occasionally even beautiful documentary about actors preparing to do a play .
At times , the film seems like a documentary , and other times it is more staged , but it is playful and entertaining most of the time , and always instructive .
Pacino makes looking for Richard a great adventure and outrageous fun .
While there 's no harm in attempting to make Shakespeare more accessible , it 's hard to imagine this film exciting anyone except Pacino 's fans and those who are fatally charmed by celebrity actors .
Looking for Richard is unlike any previous adaptation of the Bard 's work , and that 's reason enough to give it a shot .
Having chosen to be actors , they know they can not respect their craft without embracing its greatest writer . Having chosen to be readers and viewers , we can not do less , and this film is a delightful inspiration .
The film is an effective ride , pulling you into the thrill of the production , inviting you to roll with the language , and demonstrating again Shakespeare 's enduring kick .
If you go to see it , hang in there and you will be rewarded with something special .
If a bigshot thespian like Al Pacino is having such a hard time with the text , what hope is there for the rest of us ?
Looking for Richard is seldom boring , and certainly Pacino is eager to please .
It 's ironic that the movie is done in by what you 'd expect to be the high point : the performance segments that dominate the final third .
Looking for Richard is like a big , boisterous cinematic term paper . Pacino gets an A.
Looking for Richard will undoubtedly live forever in English Lit classes , but in the classroom it wo n't captivate quite the way it does on the big screen .
It is a noble goal Pacino has set for himself , but there is something inherently contradictory about the way he has chosen to go about achieving it .
It is Pacino 's point of view that today 's actors are the inheritors of a grand tradition of acting and drama , the centerpiece of which is the contribution of William Shakespeare .









@highlight

Looking for Richard is a smart , fascinating behind-the-scenes look at adapting Shakespeare .