... a crude Jerry Bruckheimer knock-off with a laughably insipid script ...
Memorable for being forgettable .
Neither entertaining nor exciting , the dumb and noisy Stealth will hopefully live up to its name by fading quietly from movie theaters .
It 's basically the videogame version of Top Gun ... on steroids !
Undoubtedly a perfect example of everything that 's wrong with contemporary action flicks , although the movie is n't quite as bad as it 's been made out to be .
... a chocolate-coated mothball , tasty enough on the outside but unsafe to swallow ...
A technical marvel , but an uninvolving failure at an emotional level .
Ends up resembling its robot plane : fast , sleek , soulless and monotone .
I went into this film not expecting much . I was pleasantly surprised .
Há boas idéias espalhadas aleatoriamente ao longo do roteiro ; pena que são massacradas pela presença organizada de bobagens .
Ultimately , however , how much can you act when you 're confined most of the time in an ultra-cramped cockpit -- even if you do have a golden statuette ?
Stealth offers a plot so laughably preposterous that you halfway expect instructions to flash on the screen with a point tally in the corner .
Just imagine the hilarious genre-spoofing Team America : World Police sans puppets without the jokes ...
Some of us , however , are at least as interested in software as hardware , which often makes Stealth tedious going .
Some genuinely enjoyable and surprisingly dove-like parts , hidden in a clumsy homage to 2001 .
Weakly written and cynically contrived ...
It 's hard to completely hate this , hokey as it is , because you still want to root for the good guys in the end .
For at least the first hour , Stealth is a SAEBCPSOS -LRB- Shockingly and Excruciatingly Boring Columbia Pictures Sack of S -- -RRB- .
Stealth is n't clever and has no sense of humour about itself .
More of a flying turkey than a tale of airborne action , `` Stealth '' begins to nosedive moments from its liftoff until it spirals out of control about half-way through .
Stealth offers the kind of razzle dazzle action Michael Bay only thinks he creates .
Boy , that Jessica Biel sure is hot . And , boy , those videogames sure are fun . So , if you like Jessica Biel and videogames , go see Stealth
Has little more than color and motion going for it .
Completely oblivious to it 's own inherent stupidity .
A premise with paltry propulsion .
The scent of scorched popcorn movie is in the air ...
The blueprints for Stealth called for long-forgotten spare parts , and the end result will likely cause a box-office crash .
Witless but marginally watchable for almost 70 minutes of its bloated 120-minute length - until it begins to take itself entirely too seriously .
So cosmically god-awful that it raises the bar for such upcoming titles as Dukes of Hazzard , Deuce Bigalow and SuperCross .
Full of explosive mayhem and pulse-quickening aerial combat , this high-flying action romp offers polished , if derivative entertainment .
If we 're going to be fighting the war on terror in perpetuity , could we at least get better movies out of it ?
A movie filled with dumb moments .
Young , dumb and full of fun .
Flies completely under the entertainment radar
Cohen undermines his own effort to make a 21st century Top Gun by using so many quick cuts and zooms that we ca n't even appreciate the action sequences . I almost got motion sickness .
The movie 's shallow script , plastic acting , and Fourth of July explosions seem more appropriate for a pricey boxed game at Best Buy .
It seems as if it were a video game gone amok .
The noise is so headache-inducing that we welcome even the silly dialogue that forms at least part of the movie when the characters are on the ground .
Rob Cohen Has Officially Killed More Brain Cells Than Drugs & Alcohol
Stealth is a ` check your brain at the door ' sort of action film for those who just want the amusement park ride ... and do n't worry about whether it makes any sense
Does n't really generate any emotion at all other than apathy .
Plays like a slapdash assemblage of the greatest hits of conspiracy-minded action cinema .
Stealth flails around with cheesy techno-babble , a lame attempt at an inter-office romance between Lucas and Biel , and a bizarre final act that reeks of desperation .
Stealth is n't a very good movie . It 's contrived and silly , moving at warp speed so as to leave novel concepts like character development floating somewhere off in the distance .
This material brings out the worst instincts in director Rob Cohen .
This is best watched while on illegal drugs , not that I 'm advocating that sort of behavior ... .
Stealth is about absolutely nothing , and pretty much everything at the same time : terrorism , technology , warfare , grungy alt-rock , conflicted choices and cool flying footage .
Stealth is nothing but a big , dumb summer action flick - with a strong emphasis on `` dumb . ''
It 's not new . It 's not interesting . I wish it would go away .
Aiming to join the Jerry BruckheimerJerry Bruckheimer/Michael BayMichael Bay school of American movie war games , Stealth is just too dumb to make the grade .
Even by the degraded standards of dim-witted summer blockbusters , this is sorry stuff .
Stealth manages to be so ridiculously unconvincing you think you 're watching a live-action version of last year 's sublime action-movie puppet satire Team America .
Stealth breaks the astound barrier before you can say , ` Woo-hoo , that blew up real good ! '
Rob Cohen 's airborne adventure Stealth commits the cardinal sin for an action movie : It 's very , very dull .
No matter how hard Cohen flogs it , whips it , beats it , shakes it , kicks it and prods it with a sharp stick , Stealth , his latest , just does n't spring to life .
Checks should be mailed to the estate of Stanley Kubrick for the brazen lifts from 2001 : A Space Odyssey and a small one from Dr. Strangelove .
Visually and sonically boisterous , Stealth updates Top Gun , but with special effects replacing plot and character development .
It 's nothing you have n't seen in Behind Enemy Lines , but it does provide Biel one more opportunity to start stripping .
Stealth flirts with competence when it reprises Behind Enemy Lines , and staggers into hilarious ineptitude when it borrows from 2001 : A Space Odyssey .
Dumb fun .
Harsh and tasteless , it does n't even qualify as a popcorn movie . Popcorn , at least , has some taste to it , and a certain airiness .
Stealth succeeds in satisfying a dozen different pubescent fantasies while simultaneously violating every aspect of logic and good taste .
There is little to recommend beyond the action sequences , unless you like your arrogant-America , flag-waving jingoism taken to extreme lengths .
Beyond mind-numbing explosions , Stealth 's effects are good , especially the whooshing flight scenes . But as Eddie shows , humanity matters , and computer wizardry wo n't fill an empty plot .
Cohen is no stranger to cornball excess but Stealth is his chef-d'oeuvre , a movie so audaciously preposterous and jingoistic it plays like a parody of the genre .
-LSB- Stealth -RSB- is the filmic embodiment of all that is indulgent , gratuitous and downright dumb in pop culture .
Stealth does n't so much crash and burn as just fly and fade into its CGI-created sunset .
Hollywood hokum ? Absolutely . Pop-culture propaganda ? Perhaps . Yet Stealth goes beyond feeding our popcorn proclivities .
The script has just enough ideas , however bluntly expressed , to lift it from the eye-candy pack .
` Team America ' without puppets .
Stealth is a pretty fair military-hardware action movie until you start thinking about it -- at which point it turns incredibly sour in your mouth .
This is the sort of action movie that , in spite of its title , you can see coming a mile away .
Kara ejects over North Korea and before you can say `` Owen Wilson , '' she 's scampering all over mountaintops and dark plains .
It 's a big , sweaty whore of a movie , action porn for the military enthusiast ...
Watching Stealth , you ca n't help but wonder why the filmmakers did n't save themselves -LRB- and Sony Pictures -RRB- a lot of time and money and just make a video game instead of a movie .
Instantly disposable effort .
Stealth is flimsy and forgettable , but it does have a few worthy action and special-effects sequences .
The script is borderline terrible .
Stealth is so over-painted with CGI that it does n't look as real as the sequence starring Shepard that inspired it in The Right Stuff , a movie made with model airplanes .
Aggressively stupid and blissfully unaware of it , Stealth follows a robot plane on a journey of self-awareness .
The latest and , in many ways , most preposterous hunk of big-screen action to come out of Hollywood in some time .
I know I 'm your agent , babe , but I got ta come clean with you - maybe picking Stealth as your first movie after Ray was n't a very good idea .
-LSB- A -RSB- hilariously absurd slice of American cheese ...
`` Stealth '' hits the target dead on .
... Watching this movie becomes physically painful .
Its muddled ending goes a long way toward negating positive memories of its candy sugar rush .
A dull aerial action film .
This movie hated me from the opening scene ; two hours later , the feeling was more than mutual .
When your movie is about a magical talking airplane , and yet the magical talking airplane is not the silliest thing about the movie , then you should not make any more movies .
Stealth is a dreadful , forgettable , abusive motion picture , and it makes the January stinker Alone in the Dark look Kubrickian in comparison .
Has Stealth shown up on your radar ? Shoot it down before it steals 2 hours of your life .
Competent and entertaining , ridiculous and fun .
Almost apocalyptic in its stupidity
You 'll groan , you 'll wince , you 'll gasp , but you wo n't be bored -- and if you stay through the end credits , you 'll be rewarded with a perfectly ridiculous capper .
Its name is a likely indicator of its performance at the box office .
A flashy piece of artificial intelligence that travels at Mach-5 but goes nowhere .
A slick piece of summer entertainment that is counting on elaborate special effects to make its derivative , convoluted story line all but irrelevant .
The dialogue is often drowned out by engine noise .
Has the makings of a kitsch classic .
... director Rob Cohen and screenwriter W.D. Richter go for the basics , using `` Frankenstein 's '' lightening bolt to give life to `` 2001 's '' HAL with wings
Stealth should live up to its name by flying into and out of theaters without anyone knowing it was even there .
While Stealth repeatedly hits air pockets of plot nonsense , Cohen provides -LSB- fun -RSB- in abundance .
Stealth is a widescreen video game , except all the audience can do is watch instead of grabbing a joystick and playing along .
Stealth is squarely aimed at the game boy -LRB- and , because of Jessica Biel , game girl -RRB- demographic who will salivate over the Play Station version
The movie does deliver the video game goods but strands its characters in a no-man 's - land of crude characterizations and silly dialogue .
It ai n't brain surgery , but Stealth is one of the smartest stupid movies of the summer .
The movie is absolutely consistent -- it 's just as wildly improbable at the end as in the beginning .
A movie about a robotic , super-intelligent warplane with a second act that consists of court-martials , generic rescue missions , and people sneaking around with crowbars .
Stealth 's strengths are obvious -- high-tech marvels and a good cast -- so are its flaws . At its worst moments , a mad robot seems to have taken over the movie , too .
Will please non-discriminating action hounds while leaving everyone else in search of a little meat unfulfilled . It 's as fun as it is instantly forgettable .
You know the old joke about military intelligence being an oxymoron ? Stealth proves it .
Hey , its not like we came to this movie for its plot or anything .
If Stealth were a recruitment film for aircraft-carrier duty , one would be tempted to say , ` Mission accomplished . ' As a feature film , it 's a washout .
After 110 minutes of this , atheists will storm monasteries and acrophobics will scale redwood trees , anything to find an oasis of calm .
The sort of movie that makes you pine for Michael Bay .
Stealth is a offense against taste , intelligence and the noise pollution code -- a dumbed-down Top Gun crossed with the HAL 9000 plot from 2001 .
Move over , Michael Bay . The Island is no longer the loudest , dumbest movie of the summer .
A phallic masterpiece . My testosterone level went up 10 % .
... so many beautiful explosions here that ` Stealth ' might work as a fetish film for pyromaniacs .
Recycled Top Gun thrills with three hot-shot pilots and a rogue American droid fighter plane .
Lucas insists , `` I just do n't think war should become some kind of video game . '' Too late .
Overlong , disjointed , and rarely compelling , Stealth has the capacity to put viewers into a catatonic state .
This rip-roaring action movie is great fun if you do n't engage your brain
A headache and tinnitus .
An unholy combination of ` Dr. Strangelove ' and ' 2001 ' that manages to trash both those Kubrick masterpieces at once .
The stars are asked to chew on the driest of technobabble , and to strike poses of flyboy and flygirl moxie that make them look callow rather than heroic .
Preposterous and predictable , Stealth hides 2 pleasures under its wings . It is laughably bad , and it provides the adrenaline pumping thrills of a video game .
Despite its creative premise involving a robotic and intelligent fighter jet which goes bad , is remarkably uncreative in coming up with a story that actually makes use of this cool toy .
Daisy , Daisy I 'll blow you out of the sky / I 'm half crazy , seen Top Gun too many times ... a plumb guilty pleasure .
Anyone with a Playstation 2 , surround sound , and an aerial combat game can duplicate , if not surpass , this dismal display .
Reflects Cohen 's own aesthetic modus operandi of replacing all traces of humanity with digitized artificiality .
... this pseudo-stylish yet laughable flyboy fable runs out of some serious fuel in the storytelling department ... glaringly unimaginative as a thumping techno-thriller
For a prime example of Hollywood 's dearth of imagination one need look no further than STEALTH
I 'm not sure if I should club it to death or hug it .
Top Gun 's Best of the Best meet 2001 's Hal in Rob Cohen 's latest sensorial attack , a derivative action-adventure that 's basically an ultra-produced videogame






@highlight

Loud , preposterous , and predictable , Stealth borrows heavily and unsucessfully from Top Gun and 2001 .