Wild is ... a remarkably specific , evocative story of loss and self-reliance .
While the ending seems a bit hurried and underwhelming , it is Witherspoon who shines throughout .
It 's unfortunate that the film reminds of both Into the Wild and 127 Hours , both recounting much more distressing wilderness journeys .
While the man - -LRB- or in this case , woman -RRB- - versus-wilderness aspect of the story provides visual engagement , it 's the backstory - more than the stunning landscape-that gives the movie its scope and resonance .
But despite its unclear message , there is a certain charm to Wild that smooths away its thorny exterior to reveal a broken character ...
Those who know -LSB- Resese -RSB- Witherspoon only as Elle Woods may be surprised by her unvarnished performance .
Wild is doggedly interior , as if to remind us that we never can see anything so long as we 're blinded by the ghosts of our pasts .
Not many movies make you feel better for having seen them . Wild does .
Ultimately , Wild does manage to present some solid thoughts on the process of grief and redemption -LRB- and -RRB- director Jean-Marc Vallee and writer Nick Hornby achieve some moments of real beauty in the process .
Despite all of its faults , Wild engaged me on a purely emotional level -LSB- ... -RSB- I truly believe its heart is in the right place . When it connects emotionally , the tears you will shed are well-earned .
Not surprisingly , Witherspoon nails it with a performance that 's just the right blend of heartfelt and calculating-she 's brainy , funny , self-exposing , and well on her way to an Oscar .
Nick Hornby 's script feels a bit uneven , with a few too many whispery voiceovers , but Witherspoon 's temerity carries the day .
Vallée 's film is all about Reese , who 's in every scene and visibly loses weight as her trek continues . What a wonderful performance .
Reese Witherspoon makes a strong case for the best actress Oscar .
For all of the trouble ` Wild ' takes to get into Strayed 's head , you 'd think they might 've drafted filmmakers with a little bit more experience living in a place like that .
Modern hiking is a secular cousin of the pilgrimage ; it heals through hardship , loneliness , silence , and beauty . The very fine ` Wild ' depicts one woman 's inner transformation .
Witherspoon is , dare I say it , foot-perfect in the central role while the exceptional cinematography effortlessly reflects the epic beauty of the American wilderness .
All of this is most intelligently handled by Monsieur Vallée and his screenwriter Nick Hornby in a film that 's handsome , entertaining and not short on insight . And Ms. Witherspoon 's gutsy performance deserves the attention it 's getting .
The film 's advantage is the ability to show the arresting landscapes from desert to snow to lush forest , shot in natural light by cinematographer Yves Belanger . And yet the natural wilderness never overawes .
Wild is both tremendously appealing and inescapably sappy .
Wild is too artistically tame to get wild about but it 's to be appreciated as a a sincere and personal tale of healing .
For such a simple arc with complex themes , Wild taps into the universal human condition .
Her eyes glued to the horizon , that prominent chin jutting defiantly forward , -LRB- Witherspoon -RRB- leads us down the trail with gritty determination . We 're happy to accompany her every step of the way .
Essential female-driven cinema in a world that needs more of exactly that .
Strayed 's inner journey for herself does n't really work as an outer journey for a movie audience .
Witherspoon is fantastic and director Jean-Marc Vallee -LRB- Dallas Buyers Club -RRB- transports the viewer totally into the remote landscape .
With an immensely sympathetic performance from Witherspoon , Wild is a quietly uplifting and delicately moving film about the transformative potential of nature .
It captures an emotional memoir without making it feel like a didactic tale of triumph over adversity .
Thanks to a powerhouse performance by Reese Witherspoon , Vallée succeeds in avoiding those potential cliches again and again and again .
The movie may not be as convincing as the book in depicting Cheryl 's journey toward spiritual fulfillment , but Wild 's considerable power is bound up with Reese Witherspoon 's performance and what we know about her .
If you 're looking for a film that 's contemplative , honest , and engaging , you ca n't go far wrong with Cheryl Strayed 's trip into the Wild .
We may not doubt that Cheryl will finish the hike , but we 're not at all sure what kind of woman she will meet at the end of it .
Wild earns its emotional payoffs honestly , always underplaying where lesser movies would 've lunged for Oscar Gold .
An engaging , emotionally resonant piece of filmmaking .
This secular pilgrimage has fine acting but wants to be more meaningful than it is .
Little adventure or real catharsis in the rather bland , surprisingly superficial terrain .
This is perhaps Marc-Vallée 's least showy and most balanced film , handling despair , hope and , in one of the film 's most memorable scenes , terror in unexpectedly subtle ways .
You 'll go ` Wild ' for Reese Witherspoon 's performance .
Witherspoon carries Wild across the finish line
A solid entertainment that treats the central story of redemption with honesty
There 's something fiercely feminist about Wild ...
Jean-Marc Vallee follows up The Dallas Buyer 's Club with Wild , another strong , urgent , raw piece of filmmaking that offers an Oscar-nominated turn for its lead actor , in this case Reese Witherspoon .
As it traverses familiar territory and covers a distance that The Proclaimers would be proud of , it does so with sufficient grace and gusto .
As a new chapter in Reese Witherspoon 's career , Wild is a positive step towards the future .
What I like most about Wild is its nuance , its sense of uncertainty and its willingness to leave unanswerable questions unanswered .
There 's something about a cinematic road trip that circulates the juices , stirs the pheromones .
As a film about self-discovery , Wild does n't have the beauty , depth or spiritual appeal of Sean Penn 's modest masterpiece Into the Wild -LRB- 2007 -RRB- . Still , it is a gorgeously filmed paean to determination and the ever-elusive goal of self-improvement .
The film is frank but rarely simplistic and Vallee , who is becoming an important filmmaker , trusts the audience to do as Cheryl did and find the right path to follow .
Witherspoon admirably captures Cheryl 's volatile mix of naivety and stubbornness , vulnerability and resilience .
I 've always believed Nick Hornby books make for better movies . Here , a Nick Hornby screenplay was probably better left as someone else 's book .
While the external scenery is spectacular , it 's the internal landscapes that capture and hold our attention .
A stunning central performance from Reece Witherspoon as Cheryl Strayed , who overcomes physical hardships to confront her inner demons to find her best self : the woman her mother thought she was
A film about someone going on a very long walk does n't sound especially dramatic but Nick Hornby 's screenplay -LRB- adapted from Strayed 's book -RRB- brings out Cheryl 's yearning as well as the epic quality of her mini-Odyssey .
It is certainly Witherspoon 's best performance since Line ... But her performance ca n't deliver the emotional punch the film requires
Vallée avoids clumsiness in exploring that internal landscape and Witherspoon , too , gives a delicate , sensitive and gutsy performance ...
This is a true story of human endurance but also a poignant tale of a woman desperately seeking to conquer her demons and cleanse her spirit .
It 's not a particularly interesting journey - although the scenery is terrific - and the movie 's flow is constantly interrupted by some jarring flashbacks , with Laura Dern playing the hiker 's mother .
In a career that has seen its ups and downs , it 's good to see Witherspoon making a bold step in the right direction .
It 's not Witherspoon 's personal masterpiece : that is still her high-school careerist in Election -LRB- 1999 -RRB- . But it 's still good .
A quietly moving coming of age story that resists formula or easy redemption , driven by a strong , unvarnished performance from Witherspoon , who deserves huge credit as both star and producer .
Obvious Oscar-bait is just that . Way too obvious .
Driven by a committed turn from Witherspoon , Jean-Marc Vallée confirms himself as the go-to director for triumph-over-adversity character studies .
Reese Witherspoon gives a beautifully stripped-back performance in this epic journey based on the memoir by Cheryl Strayed .
Wild is at its most interesting when it delves into Stayed 's past and explores her relationship with her mother and ex-husband .
An honest and insightful work .
Winsome Witherspoon impresses with a quiet , physical performance . But the real , extreme Cheryl seems to have got lost in the wilderness .
Wild is Reese Witherspoon 's finest accomplishment as an actress .
... one of the most boring well-made movies to come around in some time .
The trick , of course , is to keep it compelling nonetheless , and this is where Witherspoon , whose face is a captivating amalgamation of emotional depths , absolutely shines .
An engrossing , moving and/or well-structured movie , made in a manner that evokes every ounce of sympathy for its heroine in her passion and her thirst for absolution .
Witherspoon is very good , not just deglamorized but immersed , and Laura Dern is every bit her equal as Strayed 's mother .
The tangles Cheryl embraces and the movie makes visible , in its layering of time and image , experience and anticipation , are lasting .
The humour in this film is gently underplayed so not everyone will get it , but it 's more endearing as a result .
There 's neither cinematic majesty to the vistas -LRB- and I saw the movie on a very big screen and sat very close to it -RRB- nor intimacy to the ground that Strayed treads .
While one can plainly see why an actor/producer of Reese Witherspoon 's stature would snatch this story up and cast herself in the lead role , the plain truth is that she also delivers some of the best work of her career in Wild .
Witherspoon does really uncompromising work here , playing Cheryl without any hesitancy or any fear or any ego .
Witherspoon fully commits to Cheryl 's pitiable ways and degrading herself to play them , stripped bare physically and emotionally . The Oscar winner has never been better .
If nothing else , Wild offers a first-rate advertisement for the purifying abilities of the great outdoors .
Here 's some good news for Oregonians : Wild gets our state right , and it does so without a single artisanal letterpress studio or gluten-free doughnut shop . It 's also a rich and affecting piece of filmmaking , independent of any book .
Wild is a movie that I 'll find hard to forget because of its powerful imagery and how it works on the senses .
Strayed is clear-eyed about her responsibility for her life 's unraveling and realistic about what the trail can do . As Witherspoon plays her , she is foul-mouthed and tender , broken and strong .
Wild does n't aim for high inspiration or fussy performances , and it benefits from staying honest and rich , instead of going for big speeches and bigger set pieces .
Witherspoon finds both a mature centeredness and a zen-like openness -- it 's been a long time since we 've seen her this fluidly expressive , this connected to good material .
The thoughtfully rugged Wild is the perfect awards vehicle for the resurgent Reese Witherspoon .
-LSB- Witherspoon is -RSB- entirely credible as the worn-down Strayed , and the performance grows even more impressive as Vallée lets us learn where this person 's been and where she sees herself going .
Wild is a movie of living nature , with Witherspoon in the center , showing the most life of all .
It is another survival story , after all , but an affectingly delicate one .
Witherspoon et al have done justice to Strayed 's story .
Happily , Wild is scrappy , impressive movie with trippy visuals , a respect for the transformative power of nature , a powerful strong central performance and a deep well of pain .
What makes Wild worthwhile is the way it draws a parallel between the physical and emotional journeys Cheryl forces herself to undertake .
The adaptation of Cheryl Strayed 's memoir Wild is more than just a two-hour Best Actress audition for Reese Witherspoon , but it 's also definitely that .
Such a monologue of a film depends entirely on the one main actor being pretty much irresistible , however trying her character 's frailties . Reese Witherspoon is great in the part .
The story is terrific , and Witherspoon embodies it with vigor and gritty commitmen .
-LSB- Witherspoon 's performance is -RSB- a compelling , and fully lived-in , piece of work .
Witherspoon , though never quite shedding her movie-star quality , is charismatic and believable . Whether quoting Emily Dickinson , climbing breathtaking cliffs , swearing at a rock , or craving potato chips , she inspires us to go the distance with her .
-LSB- The film leads -RSB- to a finale that 's meant to be uplifting but instead comes off as smug .
Like its setting , the film has some peaks and valleys , but finds rewards in its patience and perseverance .
One can not help but wonder whether Wild , a difficult , challenging film about a woman struggling to make amends , serves its star as both personal and professional penance .
screenwriter Nick Hornby understands aimless characters , and his script is a skillful balancing act . It undercuts an overly serious tone whenever possible and layers in a poignancy that rarely seems forced .
This is a fine performance by Witherspoon , further stretching her range as an actress . The spectacular scenery along the trail also provides a chance for cinematographer Yves Bélanger to showcase his talents .
`` Wild '' stumbles when it becomes too focused on the destination , whether that 's the Oregon trailhead or the Oscar night red carpet .
`` Wild '' is a sharp and smartly directed film
Beautifully directed and acted , the immersive , moving `` Wild '' is an exceptional redemption movie .
A sloggy , New Age-y variant on ` Eat Pray Love ' ... Instead of survival tips , we get a feature-length selfie ... Belongs in the self-help bin at Barnes & Noble
Wild is Cheryl Strayed 's trip of self-discovery . It is getting an Oscar buzz for Reese Witherspoon . She 's good but Laura Dern 's work as Strayed 's mom is much more deserving .
I hope this the start of a long , good run of quality films for Witherspoon .
Wild is far more than just Oscar bait for an A-list star . Based on Cheryl Strayed 's memoir , it 's a galvanizing human-interest story of the highest order , centering on a woman who immediately emerges as one of the cinematic year 's most complex individuals .
Wild is about the profound power of nature to provide space to reset yourself .
It 's as honest and affecting a film as I 've seen this year , and Witherspoon delivers her finest performance to date .
The powerful drama stars Reese Witherspoon in her strongest performance since her Oscar-winning turn as June Carter Cash in 2005 's Walk the Line .
This is an all-too-rare woman 's story , and while Vallée jokingly inserts the word `` feminist '' in a lighthearted scene , halfway through , he also does n't shy away from the realities of being female .
Wild is more than a showcase for Reese Witherspoon 's performance , it 's a meditative journey that is refreshingly funny , insightful , and poignant .
`` Wild '' earns its emotional uplift with every slow , plodding step .
With a great performance from Witherspoon and a soul-stirring , life-affirming message , this movie is a gift .
A sturdy feminist character study that should resonate with those willing to overlook its occasional narrative clunkiness .
Wild captures the quality of real-life thinking and walking , of the physical rhythm of movement sometimes dislodging random memories .
his is a movie that starts with a strong performance by Witherspoon that only gets better through the movie .
From her first hesitant step on that dusty California hillside , viewers are n't just watching Strayed 's experience ; they absorb the experience as if it 's their own .
The film overall is tough and physical , thanks in large part to Witherspoon 's convincing work as a woman scuffing calluses from her heart with each step of her blistered and bloody feet .
Wild may sound like a film about redemption , but it 's more about learning to live with what you ca n't control - and accepting what you can control , which is sometimes just as difficult .
You need n't be a fan of Cheryl Strayed 's memoir , `` Wild , '' to think the movie version is terrific . And I 'm the proof .
What do you do when your heroine is tough but emotionally hurt , bright but glib , grown but immature ? Make a film about her that is both painful and uplifting .
Witherspoon , also serving as a producer , is phenomenal as Strayed - a demanding , challenging role both physically and emotionally .
The flashbacks intertwine beautifully with the present-day scenes , and Witherspoon 's performance is full of vulnerability and regret .
Tending to the nuances of memory and the suffocating weight of guilt , Vallee makes Wild very real and periodically profound .
Wild chronicles the completion of a daunting physical challenge while intimating that it 's about something more spiritual , more meaningful . It is n't .
A film full of spectacular landscapes of both the natural world and the human spirit . This is what it looks like when women get to be people onscreen .
A triumph for Witherspoon , Dern and director Jean-Marc Vallee .
Not since June Carter Cash in Walk the Line has Witherspoon been so present to a character . Her Cheryl is funny and messy , wounded but not without survival instincts .
Swelling orchestral cues , conveniently arrived upon epiphanies , untangled relationship issues . Good job everyone , grab a Snapple .
Strayed comes across as a real person , Witherspoon is a real actor , and the film is a real showcase . But I could n't help wishing for more to change than the scenery .
It 's a trip worth taking , not the least because you get to spend it in the character of Cheryl , played on screen by Reese Witherspoon in an unshowy but soulful turn , who is one of the year 's most satisfyingly realized female characters .
Reese brilliantly bares her body , heart and soul as she brings Cheryl Strayed to life .
Reese Witherspoon gives a raw , masterful performance as a woman coming to terms with her reckless behavior and her mother 's death in `` Wild . ''
Blessed with an inherent desire to take full stock of this person , flaws and all , that 's amplified by the dignity and smarts of Reese Witherspoon 's work .
There 's nothing particularly wild about `` Wild , '' a forward-plodding story of redemption that follows Reese Witherspoon 's determined march toward a best actress Oscar nomination .
A moving -LRB- literally and figuratively -RRB- experience , a road movie where the road is a trail that sometimes disappears into the trees , or takes a turn onto a jagged precipice .
It 's a nice change-of-pace role for Witherspoon , cinema 's most ruthlessly efficient and with-it blonde since `` Election . ''
What the book communicates better than the movie is just how grueling the Pacific Coast Trail can be ... But that 's only a quibble . Like the book , the movie inspires wanderlust , whether the quest is for your body or your psyche .
Intense , grueling and often moving , `` Wild '' is quietly inspiring without trying to be , reminding us that sometimes we must rise above ourselves and be aware of when we ca n't see the forest for the trees .
Wild is the rare film to catch the interior life by its wriggling tail .
The movie gets much of the book and has the added benefit of scenery - lots of it , deserts and mountains and forests spreading out to the far horizons .
A terrific , powerful film about a woman navigating two wildernesses : the physical one and the emotional one .
Subliminal editing , seamless flashbacks and evocative musical cues make for a captivating trek that dances off the linear path , even as it marches doggedly ahead .
A rare on-the-road movie from a female point of view .
Maybe the lack of answers is the point . How do you save your life by hiking 1,000 miles ? By putting one foot in front of the other .
A profound meditation on loss , regret , acceptance and rediscovery , Wild takes some Impressive turns .
Nick Hornby 's script does n't follow the traditional linear trail ...
`` Wild '' for the most part works just fine , and should serve as a terrific career boost for Reese Witherspoon , who 's a producer of the film as well as its star .
Witherspoon is excellent in the lead , delivering a contemplative performance and appearing comfortable with just being by herself .
An emotional , physical , psychological and spiritual tour de force for leading actress Reese Witherspoon .
Unlike its female peers , it 's not about rejuvenation at some person 's or culture 's expense . This land is n't her land . The journey itself gets to you , but so does what it stands for . The only way out of the woods is into them .
A satisfying excursion , a secular but spiritual journey of self-discovery .
Reese Witherspoon delivers a decent enough performance to singlehandedly elevate an otherwise mediocre adventure to an entertaining one worth recommending .
Reese Witherspoon delivers a raw and real performance as a woman on a 1,000 mile journey looking to shed some baggage , both emotional and physical .
Wild attempts to show how getting back to basics can arrest the downward spiral of a life pulled out of orbit by the gravity of pernicious influences .
` Wild ' is , surprisingly , a very entertaining film .
Behaviors are blunt and gently daubed at the same time . Wild is an unsentimental marvel , following few expected contrails and rejecting the `` redemption '' narrative right in the I. There 's a wealth of kindness in each and every scene .
Vallée has taken a contemplative book where , frankly , very little happens and transformed it into a gut-punching drama .
Reese Witherspoon effectively balances flashbacks that recall her rom-com star-making roles with dark , sordid material .
Cheryl is a thoroughly realized , warts-and-all character .
Thanks to a showstopping performance by Reese Witherspoon , Wild takes audiences on a beautiful journey full of strength , independence , and the reassurance that no matter how dark life may get , there 's a glowing light if you 're willing to reach for it .
Emotional tale of self-discovery explores grief , addiction .
Cheryl Strayed 's enormous feat should be celebrated by us all , and witnessed on film .
It 's an entertaining picture with enough humor to allay the seriousness without diminishing its importance .
If Wild is an interesting trek , for both its star and its viewers , it 's hardly a feral one .
We feel as if we 're experiencing every step of this expedition along with Witherspoon who has , as Cheryl Strayed , seldom been better .
Witherspoon , who clearly saw the project as an opportunity to redefine her career , is refreshingly and respectably raw but hardly revelatory .
I found it to be a solid piece of work , but only rarely did it sweep me up into any of its emotional moments . -LRB- Full Content Review -- Sex , Profanity , etc. -- for Parents also available -RRB-
Witherspoon plays Cheryl - grimy and bruised and sometimes bloodied on her long trek -- without a shred of protective movie-star vanity .
With an impressive physical and emotional performance from producer Witherspoon and a heart breaking yet joyous turn from Dern , `` Wild '' is not only a self-reflective adventure tale but a deeply moving mother/daughter story .
For the first hour of Wild , I was wondering why I was watching the movie . For the second half of Wild , I was glad I did n't give up .
At the end of the long and winding road , between lack of dramatic heft and a character arc that 's as slender as a sapling , we 're left wondering just where the Wild went .
It 's a movie in which you can feel the spirit of the material infusing the filmmaker both as an artist and as a human being , and what results is that thing that occurs when even the simplest of songs sends sparks to the soul .
The physical backdrop of the story is the trail , but the far more vital and vibrant one is the repetitive , unceasing terrain of Cheryl 's memory .
Witherspoon gives a performance of quiet vulnerability and courage .
Everybody has to come a distance to understand Strayed , not least of which is the lady herself , who discovers the simple truth of her marathon march : `` How wild it was to let it be . ''
Witherspoon uses her own undoubted discomfort with the physical demands of the role to make us feel Strayed 's predicament in our bones .
Reese Witherspoon has an instinct for the kinds of roles that suit her and it does n't fail her here .
Witherspoon and Vallée capture Strayed 's flawed life truthfully and without equivocation ... the Pacific Crest Trail is as much a character as Cheryl ... fine handheld cinematography provides spectacular scenery and realistic shots of Cheryl as she 's walking .
The flickers of terror that register on Witherspoon 's face say almost more than any of Hornby 's dialogue could about what the trail is doing to her
Ms. Witherspoon carries the whole movie . And she does so with unflagging intensity and remarkable verve ...
The story Wild cares about , and tells with admirable honesty and cinematic grace , has less to do with the out-of-doors than with the inside-of-head .
A feel-good story that avoids sentimentality .
For all of its awards-season intentions , Wild happens to be genuine , not to mention good .
In Wild , Jean-Marc Vallee 's raw and noble tale of a young woman 's quest for personal redemption , Witherspoon 's vulnerability and charisma prove to be essential for this fact-based drama to succeed .
Wild is a simmering pot on the back burner of the viewer 's mind , slowly pulling out the flavours of personal experience to create a hearty , and highly personal , rustic potage of sweet forgiveness .
Reese Witherspoon and the unconventional way Strayed 's story is told goes a long way to create a far more lasting experience .
As Strayed , Reese Witherspoon is terrific in a part she should be all wrong for . It 's a great turn , and it 's an even better reminder of when she was one of the most exciting actors in America .
`` Wild '' is an accomplished movie , and often a beautiful and moving one , but the woman at its center remains warily at arm 's length .
Witherspoon does the least acting of her career , and it works . Calmly yet restlessly , she brings to life Strayed 's longings , her states of grief and desire and her wary optimism .
This pensive , reflective , complicated Witherspoon feels more real than the one she left behind - and more in keeping with how she started , in hard-hitting independent movies 20 years ago .
`` Wild '' meanders a bit , in its trips from present to past and back , but Witherspoon remains the constant , doing what sounds simple enough but proves so difficult : soldiering on .
A must-see movie , a gorgeous and inspiring film that showcases Reese Witherspoon at her Oscar-worthy best
Witherspoon is terrific - low-key and gritty as a woman who 's lost her way and seeks to find it alone . Her voice-over narration is evocative , sometimes heartbreaking .
Honest , aching and finally uplifting , `` Wild '' is a human story worth telling .
An exceptional visual version of what could have been largely an interior journey ... manages to tell a tale as large and daunting as the great outdoors .
This year 's superior movie about a young woman going on a very long walk .
In general , Wild 's ratio of dramatic incident ... to `` just existing in nature '' is nicely judged .
`` Wild '' is ultimately unique for its twist , even if it comes by an unfortunately intrusive narration .
Reese Witherspoon 's adaptation of Cheryl Strayed 's autobiography has all the right stuff . So how come I was n't a puddle when it was over ?
`` Wild '' is a moving , engaging and deeply sincere story , set against some of the most magnificent scenery on the planet , and most of Strayed 's fans should be reasonably content .
It sounds Hallmarky , but , as played by Witherspoon and sprightfully directed by Jean-Marc Vallee , ` Wild ' comes off tough , rough and funny .
With the help of a scrappy script by Nick Hornby that allows bursts of humor to break through the darkness , Witherspoon cuts to the bruised core of Cheryl 's heart , rattling between desperation and determination .
It 'll take more than a Bob Marley T-shirt to sell us on the authenticity of this particular hiker , epiphany-bound though she may be .
Fueled by the centrifugal force of Ms. Witherspoon 's dynamic , award-worthy centerpiece performance , it 's one of the year 's most galvanizing cinematic experiences .
Although inspirational and thought-provoking , ` Wild ' is gruellng to watch . But powerful performances by Reese Witherspoon and Laura Dern won me over completely .
Tackling the physically demanding role , and putting vanity and comfort aside , -LSB- Reese -RSB- Witherspoon delivers a performance that should have her back in the Oscar spotlight .
Even when `` Wild '' occasionally stumbles , it gets back on track with relative ease .
Witherspoon 's edginess makes her easy-and fun-to read ; her face registers every bump on the path .
Though there are occasional stumbles along the 1,100-mile hike , the peaks in `` Wild '' make the journey more than worth it .
At its best , though , Wild lets you into her interior , sometimes spectral world , offering a nonlinear roadmap of her life . It 's as though David Lynch made a narrative film by way of Gloria Steinem .
In less sensitive hands , Wild could have easily wound up being an Oprah 's Book Club episode writ large , but Hornby , Vallée , Witherspoon and Dern lead the charge in taking the material to a higher elevation .
It could have been `` Eat , hike , love . '' But Reese lifts it above that .
For the time being , Witherspoon - sometimes a wonderful actress and sometimes a maddening one - has found herself .
What makes its heroine worth caring about - what makes her a rare and exciting presence in present-day American film - is not that she 's tidy or sensible or even especially nice . It 's that she 's free .
It 's a fine film , made with poetry and intelligence .
Director Jean-Marc Vallée has created a film out of Cheryl Strayed 's beloved 2012 memoir that never quite matches the blunt audacity of its simple title .
Wild does n't trek over new ground , but its stream-of-consciousness narrative style and an Oscar-worthy turn from Reese Witherspoon make it worth a look .
A biopic that is both visually engaging and emotionally compelling . But it 's hard to shake the feeling of careful ambition that keeps everything moving forward so neatly .
-LSB- VIDEO ESSAY -RSB- `` Wild '' is an unsatisfying self-help drama that exposes the limitations of Reece Witherspoon 's range .
Wild stands apart from the rest of the fall 's biopics as a sort of autobiopic ; it feels personal and intimate in a way its contemporaries do not .
Hiking across the trail , Witherspoon cries and swears and scarfs down food with her fingers and licks dew off a tent just to get water . It 's a stripped-down performance on every level .
This first-rate adaptation distills the book to its essence , turning Strayed 's adventures into a voyage of self-discovery that is only incidentally about the outdoors .
`` Wild '' is about the renewal of self , but it 's a film made without sanctimony or piety .
Three-inch heels ? Not for this woman , who trekked 1,000 humorless miles .
A captivating , soul-searching , personal redemption adventure picture .
An arduous , compassionate , stream-of-consciousness journey of self-discovery ...
Wild is more than just Reese Witherspoon 's strong lead performance , and it 's good enough to stand tall even absent its role in the Oscar race .
Engrossing story of two parts may be Witherspoon 's best role yet
A soul-stretching movie about surviving in the wilderness , a solid mother and daughter relationship , and bringing out the best in yourself .
Bristles with emotional resonance and enlightenment .
Witherspoon ably assumes the role of a woman who has veered from the path of righteousness to become a wreck who must lose herself in the wilderness to find her way back
Like `` Eat Pray Love , '' minus the abject loathsomeness . Standout work by Witherspoon , though
Witherspoon 's more serious talent , last seen in Walk The Line -LRB- 2005 -RRB- has finally returned ... her first real contender for critical acclaim .
Reese Witherspoon pulls on a pair of ill-fitting hiking boots and stomps straight into the Oscar race with a raw , wrenching performance as the writer Cheryl Strayed in this journey back from the brink .
Wild is a powerfully moving portrayal of a woman 's physical and emotional journey that serves as a perfect companion piece to the likes of Into the Wild and Tracks .
Wild is a clear-eyed and authentic portrait of a flawed person grappling with an incomprehensible loss .
Jean-Marc Valle knows how to draw out raw , transformative performances from his actors , a skill needed in the transformation of `` America 's sweetheart '' Reese Witherspoon into a wreck of a woman finding redemption , and do so without any pretense .
Once again , Valleé has taken an obvious awards movie that should n't be very good and made it mostly okay . It 's the kind of movie that makes me want to say `` good job , '' but also `` why ? ''
For the most part , though , what we understand about Cheryl is communicated with great care , in a dreamy , frequently witty layering of sound and images , past and present that lingers well beyond the film 's stirring final moments .
I 'm not wild about Wild , but it 's fair to say that it 's a decent film , well shot and performed , with an interesting structure that provides emotional and narrative complexity .
This is a more-than-obvious bid on Witherspoon 's part for a second Oscar , and if one can accept the extreme calculation at play here it 's not necessarily a bad thing .
Warm and uplifting , but with an edge . Reese Witherspoon has never been better .
Reese Witherspoon delivers her best performance since she won the Best Actress Oscar for ` Walk the Line ' a decade ago .
What Witherspoon does with expression and not a lot of dialogue is so good , you wish that there were n't flashbacks or voiceover and they 'd just trust her to tell the whole story .
It 's an entrancingly lush visual experience , but one which also captures something of the loneliness , the fatigue , and the bleary , squinting alienation that travel can inflict .
The premise sounds corny , but Vallée , in collaboration with screenwriter Nick Hornby , gives the film its energy by pulling the narrative apart .
Vallee has crafted a vivid wilderness adventure film that is also a powerful story of family anguish and survival .
In a time when the desire for ` strong ' female characters on-screen can often create perfect-but-plain parts for actresses to play , seeing a complicated female character on-screen here is even better .
Witherspoon gives an unvarnished , all-in performance , free of vanity and entirely devoted to telling Strayed 's grueling , triumphant story .
`` Wild '' never really earns its hard-fought struggle for redemption and personal reinvention .
Unremarkable films propped up by exceptional lead performances are as much a certainty of the autumnal season as yellow leaves and pumpkin patches .
Witherspoon 's Wild is tame enough to maybe actually give her a second act to her career .
A ruggedly beautiful and emotionally resonant saga of perseverance and self-discovery that represents a fine addition to the recent bumper crop of bigscreen survival stories .

@highlight

Powerfully moving and emotionally resonant , Wild finds director Jean-Marc Vallée and star Reese Witherspoon working at the peak of their respective powers .