St. Vincent is an uplifting film , but parents should understand that it is n't an easy film to watch .
Murray gives it his all , which is always worth seeing , but everything about the production seems to have been designed with one goal in mind : to snag its star an Academy Award .
St. Vincent is not a must-see by any means , unless you 're a die-hard Bill Murray fan who has to see everything he 's in .
A well-meaning movie that never is quite what it wants to be .
As much as St. Vincent is a crowd-pleaser with real subtlety , a sympathetic portrayal of working-class people , and a legitimately tender heart , it may go under the radar , too .
Melfi , an astute director , sets a very eccentric and consistently endearing tone that is reminiscent of the quirky spirit of Silver Linings Playbook .
The cast raise the film to a considerable height , especially Bill Murray and Jaeder Lieberher , who has a surprising naturalness for a child of that age . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
St. Vincent is both enjoyable and tear-making-it 's a terrific debut for Lieberher-even though you really , really know better .
A lovely little movie with a lot of laughs and a good heart - and a warning signal for a direction Murray 's career could take , if he 's not careful .
Yes , we have seen this story before , but St Vincent is a warm , enjoyable yarn with just enough sharp lines and laugh out loud moments to see you through .
With his first feature film , writer-director Theodore Melfi has accomplished what many inveterate filmmakers have n't - he 's gotten Bill Murray to come alive .
If it was n't for Bill Murray injecting his caustic side into this film it would be unbearably saccharine and schmaltzy . Thankfully , he embraces his role as a hard-drinking , curmudgeon of a gambler with a pregnant Russian stripper girlfriend .
You will leave this film wishing that Murray could be your friend for life , as his performance of St. Vincent reminds us again what a versatile comic he is .
With his feature debut , writer/director Theodore Melfi can be accused of dishing Hollywood cliches , but his cast 's sheer good humor and professionalism lift this yarn . And the pile of improbabilities is offset by real heart and solid laughs .
Murray , the scruffy , gruff-y glue , holds it all together and keeps it from flecking off into granules of sugary-sweet cuteness .
Bill Murray does insouciance so well it 's hard to complain , even when watching him go through his well-worn motions yet again in the first half of this enjoyable , if routine , bitter-sweet suburban comedy .
Watching Murray putz around in a world where danger and happy endings co-exist is a breath of fresh air , albeit familiar but refreshing nonetheless .
It 's a cliche , but cliches go on existing only because they go on being refreshed , and Bill Murray and friends bring this one back to life with deadpan flair and a vigilant eye for any disfiguring taint of sentimentality .
A funny and moving reminder that in the crabbiest of men can live a generous soul .
I 'll always pay money to see a Bill Murray movie .
sometimes superb execution overcomes all ... perhaps the most entertaining and genuinely uplifting movie I 've seen this year .
The script does n't work hard enough to make Vincent more than a one-dimensional grouch .
It 's almost inevitable that things get icky with this kind of story . Murray acts as a handbrake on that , simply because we do n't know what awful thing he 'll do next .
St.Vincent flies by and moment-to-moment it has that buoyant bubbling feel of good stand-up , but none of it sinks in .
Bill Murray finds the perfect Bill Murray role in ` St. Vincent . '
-LSB- Murray -RSB- proves he 's lost none of his caustic charm . In St Vincent he 's vinegar , adding just enough acidity to a screenplay that without him would have been sickeningly sweet .
Bill Murray is the drawcard , always enjoyable as a rogue , witty eccentric and he does a great job with what he has
Bill Murray : Let 's face it : who else could make a heavy-drinking , gambling , cursing man with a pregnant Russian stripper girlfriend and squashed-face Persian cat so likeable ?
St. Vincent is heartfelt and loveably crass . While you expect Murray to be magic , it 's really his interplay with apprentice Lieberher that scores .
The film , like Bill Murray 's character , is a flawed crowd pleaser .
Murray gives an Oscar-worthy performance here , rivaling his work in `` Lost in Translation . ''
There 's only so much fun to be had watching Murray blatantly at odds with a movie so clearly intent on sentimentalizing audience affection for him .
As a movie it 's too neat and diagrammatic , but Murray is watchable right through to the end .
It will appeal to people who like their melodrama repackaged with faux cynicism in a bid to reach those that would n't have touched the story had it been told straight ; that is , without Murray 's cultural cachet .
St. Vincent is at its strongest when Murray just gets to behave badly , and the talented Lieberher gets to develop some chutzpah of his own .
St Vincent is jaunty , fun-filled entertainment but the plot is on the ragged side and you 'll need to forgive all the brazen tugging at the heartstrings .
What 's to like ? Just that it 's Bill Murray , with that special charm , however grotty at first he seems .
Bill Murray shines in this story of a cynical grump whose life is changed by his friendship with a bright young kid .
Sentimental slop .
The writer-director Ted Melfi 's comedy provides a perfect platform for Bill Murray .
Bill Murray eases into the role of cantankerous curmudgeon Vincent like it 's a pair of threadbare old board shorts that he 's had since the mid-1980s . It 's something comfortable that he can pull on without really thinking about it .
It 's hard to recall the last time Murray displayed the sort of energy and commitment he shows as the self-destructive and seemingly irredeemable Vincent . There might not even have been a last time .
Murray 's natural freewheeling charm and star quality carry a rather formulaic and slushy picture .
There 's too much lovability and not enough roguishness to St. Vincent .
The acting has an easygoing , yada-yada quality .
Murray 's finest , funniest , meatiest performance since Lost In Translation - just a shame it 's contained in such a lightweight dramedy .
Bill Murray plays Scrooge -LRB- again -RRB- in this sunny , -LRB- mildly -RRB- funny paean to the meaning of modern sainthood .
Murray 's the draw here , and the film 's best moments let him sink deeply into a role as snug , comfortable and hard to resist as a favourite tatty armchair .
This is , in short , an America where the very survival of ordinary , hard-working citizens requires solidarity , and a degree of saintliness . Amid all this socieconomic critique , the film also never forgets to be funny .
The Pope wo n't be convinced - but anyone who loves Bill Murray will be delighted to see him sanctified .
An endearingly dog-eared , scrappy film that puts up its dukes for outsiders and is at its best when showcasing its leftfield , lower-key charms .
Murray is effortlessly triumphant at portraying flawed , sometimes callous characters , and yet maintaining a sense of affability .
If there were a grumpy old man who lived next door to every latch-key kid in America , we 'd have a lot more well-adjusted children in the world .
St. Vincent has Murray play a Character -- in big , heavily scripted letters glowing from a marquee in flickering , sickly neon on a scuzzy strip in a dingy block of town . Never has the courage to be as scruffy and unsentimental as its title character .
While the film is stuffed with cliches , at least they 're the warm and fuzzy kind .
A showcase for Bill Murray .
Light , predictable comedy .
This is one of those ` curmudgeon-with-a -LRB- - kind-of - -RRB- good-heart ' stories . Even when the script gets a little shaky , the acting is superlative . And the characters , for the most part , feel real .
It 's a chance for Murray to act the hell out of a juicy part .
St. Vincent is the kind of movie that actually ends with a scene where Bill Murray essentially receives a on-screen standing ovation for being Bill Murray .
A funny , charming , feel-good movie that rises above a few clichés .
St. Vincent is the most complete performance of Bill Murray 's career .
There are some big laughs , and while the climax yields feelings of mild optimism for all involved , the catharsis is n't as heavy-handed or manipulative as it might have been .
You know a movie 's got problems when the story of how it got made is more entertaining than the movie itself .
St. Vincent will surely be a Redbox hit for a few months , after which it is quite possible that it will disappear through humanity forgetting about it and ceasing to believe it exists
This is a sentimental film , but it is n't cheap , or superficial sentiment . Most of all , however , the film is funny , with a lot of good comic dialog and a lot of funny situations , which is more than most comedies deliver .
-LRB- Bill Murray 's -RRB- performance goes far beyond the irony of laughing at an old man who wears his cynicism on his sleeve .
A showcase for a slobby star and sloppy sentiment , ` St. Vincent ' is an entirely bogus enterprise except that it may leave you , against your better judgment , with a genuine smile on your authentic face .
Bill Murray once again knocks it out of the park with a terrific performance .
Bill Murray plays the grouchy old man as well as anybody in Hollywood .
Bill Murray 's in rare form , here , as an irascible curmudgeon who exhibits an endearing vulnerability for the sake of an at-risk tween in need of a father figure .
Slyly subversive comedic drama , it 's already generating Oscar buzz for Bill Murray .
` St. Vincent ' is owned by its star , Bill Murray , from start to finish and extending into the closing crawl .
St. Vincent is derivative of other -LRB- and better -RRB- indie filmmakers ' work but thanks to Bill Murray 's performance , it 's still a pleasant and funny viewing experience .
Shamelessly attempts to harness as much of the Bill Murray magic as it can . Results are mixed , but at least it 's got Bill Murray .
St. Vincent is the very definition of a star vehicle , a movie conceived and constructed for a single box-office attraction , and Murray delivers a film-stealing performance as the familiar grumpy old man who 's far more sinner than saint .
Murray gives a blessedly good performance .
St. Vincent will dodge your impulse to projectile vomit . For that , all hail Bill Murray who whacks away at the script 's sentimental softballs like A-Rod in full swing .
The adult supporting players are all excellent , but next to Murray , the key casting is Jaeden Lieberher as young Oliver . The kid is a natural in the sidekick role , never once playing it too cute or too actor-y .
There are enough light moments -- and even a few surprisingly touching ones -- to recommend it , if only to marvel at how easily the ex - `` SNL '' star can carry a movie .
It has a serious but not fatal case of the cutes , but Murray saves it , finding the truth in Vincent in even the most maudlin turns .
The legend of Bill Murray has become more about his life than his work . Yet , his work is fantastic , especially in St. Vincent .
It accomplishes everything it sets out to do , and thanks to Watts wiggling with Cyrillic curves and comic empathy , we can forgive the complete waste of McCarthy 's presence .
St. Vincent is all about the voyage , not the destination .
a cloying character study that relies too heavily on formula and forced emotion
Shortcomings in Melfi 's script and direction ... give this singular comedian , who does n't do it often enough these days , the room to let his buffalo heart roam . St. Vincent is his Cinderella performance , out of nowhere . It 's in the hole .
There is little real sense of risk , reward or redemption .
Wisely banks on the inherent cool factor of Murray 's presence to keep it from completely being subsumed by the treacle pit of sentiment it perilously navigates .
Vincent might have become a cliche grump in the Hey you kids get off my lawn Hollywood mode , if not for Murray 's sly wit and unending charisma .
Scattershot and artificial , St. Vincent is kept alive by Murray , who 's game to go where the script leads , adding his own spin to characterization when necessary , backed by an agreeable supporting cast .
A movie essentially without a single surprise , which does n't make it disagreeable ... Murray and young Lieberher develop a nice rapport .
Soderbergh 's style is n't just a grab-bag of showy devices -- his craft adds dimensions to the characters that are absent from the writing .
It 's good to see funny gal McCarthy playing the straight woman in this comedy rather than the appealing/appalling lout . It 's even better to see a working mom depicted with care .
Delectably enchanting and uplifting in between moments of absolute heartbreak , St. Vincent features the phenomenal Bill Murray in what is perhaps his most emotionally satisfying performance to date .
This formula has become a staple , and honestly , if Murray was n't the lead , the movie would n't be worth much .
St. Vincent is no conventional hagiography but it 's the movie world 's equivalent - a star vehicle . Give director Melfi credit for knowing the capacity of the engine he has under its hood .
One of these days , someone should make a movie about a really nasty old guy who , by the end of the story , is still a nasty old guy .
Finally with ` St. Vincent ' we are getting some full , unadulterated Bill Murray in a fun little movie that tugs at your heartstrings without triggering your gag reflex .
Melfi has constructed a meaningful , touching and often hilarious screenplay . And by utilizing the exceptional talents of the entire cast , he has solidified his path in films .
I love a movie with authentic laughs . And when that movie puts a lump in my throat , it 's even better . `` St. Vincent '' is such a film .
Murray and his character 's relationship with his young charge is quite good , as is the dialogue that 's often sharp , witty and fairly funny . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also Available -RRB-
`` St. Vincent '' may not be a great movie , but it is a great lot of fun to watch .
It 's up to Murray to make this character real enough to keep the viewer engaged , and this he does .
It gives us a character who is completely unlikeable on the surface , and without changing a thing about who the character is , the film dares us not to like him by the end .
Without its lead actors , there would be little that is original or special about `` St. Vincent . '' The film is all the better for them .
Murray , with a stable of eccentric characters ranging across the landscape of his career , has selected increasingly idiosyncratic roles in recent years . Vincent is no exception .
Most of the time , two hours spent with Bill Murray are well spent , because even if he 's America 's favorite rascal , he 's certainly no saint .
A quiet little gem .
St. Vincent thrives or dies on the relationship between Murray and Lieberher . Their amazing chemistry produces sparks between a polite boy and his rude , world-weary baby sitter .
On the whole , St. Vincent is a jumble of twee , American independent film clichés that felt finished by the time Garden State left theaters .
Despite the predictability of St. Vincent 's journey , an underlying charm and emotion reach beyond the screen .
Although playing the unabashed curmudgeon next door is the kind of thing Bill Murray could do in his sleep , this treasured actor instead brings everything he has to the role of Vincent MacKenna .
Despite hitting overload on the Cute Meter and going exactly where we know it will ; by the end you 're feeling good enough to give it a pass .
Murray , of course , makes it all work well enough .
Bill Murray is one of those actors blessed with the gift of making bad behavior seem grizzled and adorable . It 's a valuable tool in any funny person 's kit , and Murray uses it to carry the benignly naughty St. Vincent above its material .
What is Murray doing in this sort of tapioca ?
It 's a familiar premise - we 've seen similar stuff in `` Little Miss Sunshine '' and `` Up '' - but it sails ahead on the collective charms of its ensemble cast .
A movie with laughter , soul and a twisting path to the heart .
You just wonder how much more fun it could have been .
Bill Murray 's irascibility , even at the most mawkish moments , is enough to save the picture from drowning in a sea of sentimentality .
-LSB- Murray 's -RSB- freewheeling , deadpan image fuses so thoroughly with Vincent 's own endearingly grizzled misanthropy that it 's hard to tell where the actor ends and the geezer begins .
Of course , Murray is the star attraction here , in a role that 's both fan-friendly and reminiscent of the range he showed in `` Broken Flowers '' and `` Lost in Translation . ''
A thoroughly schmaltzy Sundance dramedy that nonetheless allows you the perfect wish-fulfillment fantasy of having been befriended by Bill Murray during your awkward years .
Goes somewhere gooey that only makes the previous rough edges sticky , with a finale that 's bitten from a late - '90s ABC sitcom .
The broader visual comedy lacks finesse . But the actors win out .
If St. Vincent flirts with sappiness - it does , and how - Melfi has struck gold in the pairing of Murray and Lieberher .
Despite being a cursory tale , St. Vincent succeeds because of Bill Murray , whose wit and humanity propel an entertaining film above its predictable and convenient template .
Shameless ? -- yeah ! The great fortune of the script , and of viewers , is its function as a platform for Murray 's effortless grace as a performer , as the most maximal of minimalists .
St. Vincent is full of indie clichés .
The movie slumps into the hokey , and the actor 's curdled misanthropy makes way for a soothing , implausible uplift .
... a rewarding , poignant , funny movie with fine performances by Murray , McCarthy , Watts , and 11-year old Lieberher .
If you 're in the mood for something upbeat , go see ` St. Vincent ; ' a charming fable with colorful characters that will leave you feeling just a bit better for having seen it .
Quirky , smart , stirring buddy comedy has some edge
So thoroughly artificial that the Coke Zero you bought in the lobby will look like a shot of wheatgrass juice by comparison .
It 's hard to judge films like this : The destination is often familiar and not always particularly interesting , but the ride itself is n't always so bad , especially when you 've got Bill Murray along for company .
The film works best as a character sketch ...
A piece of very well-made cheese , a movie in which one can feel its manipulations and heart-string pulling , but the talented ensemble makes those critical talking points easy to dismiss .
-LSB- McCarthy and Murray -RSB- feel oddly stilted , their performances restricted by material that ca n't decide whether or not it 's a comedy .
Resistance is understandable but futile .
We want the sentimentality without the education , forgiveness without expiation ; we want assurance that there are no evil people , so that we do n't have to consider whether we have tolerated them , enabled them or become them .
You can put Murray in a drama or a comedy or almost anything that is n't too loud or too busy , and he 'll drain the goo without also ditching the humanity .
... we 've seen all this before -LRB- `` Bad Santa '' being but one example -RRB- . Still , Murray is Murray and watching his sweetness peek through his outer curmudgeonly crust is worth the price of admission . More surprising is Naomi Watts ...
Naturally , Mr. Murray is a joy to watch . And he has brought so much joy to so many grumpy people he deserves whatever accolades he can accrue , even for a career-assessment comedy like `` St. Vincent . ''
This is Bill Murray 's movie , and he dominates -LRB- and redeems -RRB- every scene he 's in .
St. Vincent tries its darnedest to be crowd-pleasing . This is not to say that it 's not entertaining or lacks good performances . It 's often quite funny .
Good will and some good acting can not save this overly mawkish conceit , disguised under a deceptive blanket of feistiness .
Bill Murray gives one of his best performances ever .
Every time you want to hate it , it does something genuinely silly ; every time you warm to it , it does something stupid .
Who would n't want to spend 102 minutes in the company of Murray at his grumpy best - his eyes in a perpetual roll , annoyed by anyone and everything , but somehow earning affection from those who annoy him ?
St. Vincent showcases everything that has made us fall for Bill Murray time and time again over the course of his career , and the result is one of his best movies in years .
The actors create emotionally coherent and sympathetic characters from a collection of often contradictory , monumentally irresponsible , or just plain improbable actions .
Murray gives his most soulful performance since Lost in Translation . . and gives the film its heart and its wicked edge .
For a movie about an irascible old coot babysitting a sweet-natured preteen boy , as Vincent does when single parent Maggie must work long hours at her hospital job , St. Vincent goes down easier than it probably should .
`` St. Vincent , '' the movie , is a lot like its namesake character , Vincent : overexuberant , a bit predictable , messy in a very self-conscious way .
I 'll admit that I got choked up at the end . I just wish it did n't feel like it was pulled out of me like a forced confession .
I found it the cinematic equivalent of a 10-mg . Valium .
A heart-affecting cinematic parable about the saints among us who enable us to come alive in new ways .
Melfi 's direction may be somewhat conventional , but he benefits from his strong and funny screenplay as well as a fantastic ensemble of actors .
The overqualified actors often give quirky life to a script that denudes their characters of nuance .
Not Murray 's best performance -- the accent and stroke symptoms come and go -- but his cutest one .
-LSB- A -RSB- crowd-pleasing yet dangerously sentimental wacky-neighbor dramedy .
Somewhere , Venkman pukes .
When St. Vincent gets serious , it 's pretty cloying . For some reason , the film withholds a lot of basic information about character identities so that it plays as a surprise when the relationships are revealed .
The movie is worth seeing for Murray alone , yet along the way I 'm betting at least some of you will fall for its charms .
Soaked in whiskey , dipped in brine , Bill Murray delivers a salty , acerbic , inebriated comic blast as the unlikeliest saint imaginable in St. Vincent .
Murray takes full advantage , dressing down and griming up -LSB- ... -RSB- . The movie , befuddled by the talent at hand , stands frozen , staring at Murray like a deer in headlights .
What starts out as a dirty , foul-mouthed dark comedy with a bit of Uncle Buck-ishness to it slowly softens into a really sweet story about finding your second wind in life .
Sometimes , a story well told is good enough , and `` St. Vincent '' is a yarn that will make you genuinely laugh in the right places , even if the punchlines and plot turns are seen coming from a mile way .
Amusing enough as long as Bill Murray sticks to his mean and ornery act but ultimately reveals its true self as a film equivalent of the gooey 1971 Ray Stevens song `` Everything Is Beautiful . ''
Here , in all its splendor , is a cinematic character as robust and colorful as `` A Confederacy of Dunces ' '' Ignatius J. Reilly .
This Brooklyn tale earns a Bronx cheer .
It plays out like a best-of album : safe , fun , but inessential if you 're already familiar with the back catalogue .
Theodore Melfi 's debut feature , St. Vincent , is a heartwarmer that never insults -- exactly the opposite of what its protagonist is supposed to be : a disgruntled drunk who nobody likes .
The audience at the premiere screening where I saw St Vincent responded on Pavlovian cue to the film 's cutesy , aging-rebel theatrics , but , really , Bill Murray deserves a better movie .
It 's fascinating to watch Murray act circles around his existing appeal and play into it at the same time .
`` Maybe even Jack Nicholson could n't do a better job than Murray playing this improbable hero - something that probably is n't going to be forgotten come Oscar time . ''
Bill Murray is award-worthy in a tailor-made part .


@highlight

St. Vincent offers the considerable pleasure of seeing Bill Murray back in funny form , but drifts into dangerously sentimental territory along the way .