he franchise already overstayed its welcome past the first movie , but now it has reached a point where characters are being swapped out and in to repeat the same damn story , but just on a slightly larger scale
While the underlying concept of the series is the examination of a big social experiment , this gets lost in the film . Extremely lackluster fare , overall .
It 's the best one yet as it diverges -LRB- pun intended -RRB- from anything the franchise has done before .
Where Insurgent is like a horrible episode of Quantum Leap , Allegiant is terrible rip-off of The Truman Show .
This over-extended teen dystopia is treading water , coming up short on its trademark punchy plotting , teen self-discovery and the wonderful Woodley .
... okay for all ages who want something pretty to look at but no reason to use their brain except for a dopamine surge over tasty concession stand snacks .
A passably tolerable slurry of dystopian sci-fi clichés .
At least Allegiant takes its team of rebels outside of the gloomy , forbidding walls of a rotting futuristic Chicago . Unfortunately , it treats the audience to a dour landscape and a cold , hi-tech palace .
Divergent and Insurgent were n't good . Allegiant is less good . Make it stahhhhhp .
Allegiant a tedious exercise in futility even fans of the series will have a hard time finding anything worthwhile to talk about once it comes to an end .
Allegiant manages to be profoundly confusing and almost entirely inert . The film 's strong action sequences ca n't redeem a conflicting , irritating plot .
If you thought the secret box and hidden message saga in the last Divergent movie was far-fetched then get ready for the latest outing in Veronica Roth 's hit YA franchise to bamboozle you completely .
Divergent , the Shailene Woodley-starring Games ripoff that 's on film three of four , conversely ends as would a television series on the bubble -- each installment could continue on , but if for some reason it ca n't , the ending is satisfying enough .
After Allegiant , some moviegoers may decide their work with this franchise is done here .
As for the series maturing , well , Allegiant -LRB- a fancy word for ` loyal ' -RRB- is like man 's allegiant best friend , stuck at the puppy stage -- seeming so cute , but mostly just chasing its own tail , round and round , barking through the same old motions .
Seeing brilliant actors participate in poorly written movies is never a fun way to spend an afternoon .
As usual the digital optics are impressive - the vision of large , derelict structures half-buried in the ground seems a favourite background motif in many blockbusters these days - but the story-telling is as lazy as ever .
So there 's one more to come . It can only improve on this one , which manages to seem cluttered and empty at the same time .
It 's not Allegiant so much as Ambivalent , Indulgent and even a little Feculent .
While ill-advised in many , many ways , if you 're already invested in the saga , there 's still enough action and passion to sustain that interest , at least until the final chapter .
This is not a pretty movie , despite its high budget .
Just as tediously self-important , laden with blabbing exposition and full of Hunger-Games-esque rip-offs as the others .
There are a couple of well-shot , exciting action scenes ... but the overall effect is patchy in terms of plot and character relationships and unfulfilling in its intellectual reach and resolution of this world-changing story .
The Divergent Series has been losing momentum since the first film -- at least they 've got one more chance to get it right .
Suffers greatly for the over-familiarity of its generic YA dystopian aspirations .
Unless you 're hellbent on collecting the set , there is no real need to stick around for next year 's finale .
There 's a time and place for movies to be just totally un-redeeming and fun without the critical acclaim . The Divergent Series : Allegiant is one of those films .
With an obvious story that tries to be more interesting than it really is , the movie takes is through a journey we could not care less . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The trouble with this third film in the franchise is that its messages are muddled : the premise changes , there is too much going on and the filmmakers have forgotten that we need to care about the characters
Contains some wonderful science-fiction production design , but its increasingly rococo plotting and growing character roster dilute the power of author Veronica Roth 's original premise .
This -LRB- series -RRB- drags on , and continues , and lingers , and keeps on truckin ' , and if I sound redundant , believe me , it 's absolutely in the spirit of the movies .
By this point , none of the pieces fits and absolutely nothing makes any sense .
As dull as films come , hinged on some primary school level ideas and a range of A-list actors left sputtering out meaningless dialogue .
` Allegiant ' continues its confusing tale .
Allegiant ... is an underwhelming encounter that feels as drab as the ruinous , walled-off Chicago setting of the preceding films .
The cheesy visual effects look state-of-the-art for 1968 .
After the more thrilling Insurgent , this saga reverts to the talky style of the original Divergent movie , constantly explaining this post-apocalyptic world 's convoluted mythology .
Nothing wrong with the genre . . It 's just a bad movie
A bad movie that could work for fans of the series , but that 's it . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
With the third installment coming as the first film of the two-part finale , Allegiant struggles to maintain interest in its now tattered and worn-out apocalyptic world .
two full hours of things happening solely because they 're the next thing
A tolerable slice of dystopian life in a future much like our times .
It 's a shame we have to wait a year for yet one more movie , but it manages to can stand on its own and not merely serve as an extended trailer for the final film .
Three films into the ongoing Divergent series , one would hope we 'd moved beyond laying plates and folding napkins to get to something more substantial . Yet Allegiant barely makes it to the appetizer course .
The Divergent Series : Embarrassment would have been a better title for the lazy , misguided , weak-womened mess of a third film in a series that does n't conclude for another year . If anyone still cares by next summer .
The key is to not ask much of this film since it 's basically a transition movie for the last one . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The film loses the rhythm set by the previous ones , it feels dragged and sometimes nothing happens . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A publicity stunt dressed as a movie . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Fans will be pleased , but the average viewer will get confused and probably bored . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The excessive action scenes are just there to fill out the plot holes in this empty story . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A movie made ONLY for fans of the Divergent series . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Is n't this series over with yet ?
The `` Divergent '' series was n't strong to begin with but this latest entry reaches a new low point .
A nightmarish landscape that 's meant to be frightening - or at least unsettling - ends up being hilariously cheesy instead .
... It 's high school on sci-fi steroids-all the action revolves around the best-looking , most charismatic people in the population .
Sacrifice is the theme of `` Allegiant , '' the third and unfortunately not final installment in the dystopian `` Divergent Series , '' and that 's exactly what I did in subjecting myself to its unique form of YA torture . I took the bullet so you wo n't have to .
How about we just dub it The Divergent Series : Regurgitant and call it a day ?
We seem to be mentally preparing our youth - our young girls especially - for soldierly duties with these films .
All in all , Allegiant feels like a place-holder for when the real action starts in the book 's second half .
With some exceptions , dragging out these adaptations seems to be more about money than creative solutions to fat novels .
For all its faults , Divergent has the virtues of speed and a pretty nifty design .
It 's all starting to feel seriously drawn out . The only people who are going to feel any suspense from these movies are the producers , waiting with bated breath to see if the franchise will break the billion-dollar mark .
The bigger problem is that the franchise is moving further and further away from the elements that made the first film passable .
A painfully mechanical exercise .
It has a few nice moments but feels more like an exercise in extending a narrative than a vehicle for building a dramatic conclusion .
Does the world really need a `` Hunger Games '' lite ? Apparently , it does .
Director Robert Schwentke , who also helmed the last chapter , Insurgent , makes the gunfights short and punchy , while Woodley does well keeping Tris relatable as a woman who comes of age as a messianic hero .
This tour of the borders of dystopia takes itself seriously , but the audience would prefer walking into something exciting and fresh instead .
What follows delivers little more than what we 've experienced in previous installments . But then , there 's another chapter right around the corner , if you can manage to care .
Mediocre action , various plot holes , and questionable character behavior , occasionally horrid dialogue , and a cast that appears bored . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Profanity , etc. - Also Available -RRB-
Everything about Allegiant - and the Divergent series in general , but this movie in particular - feels wholly artificial .
The worst in a bad and derivative series . Is the next one Abhorrent ?
The third entry in the Divergent series arrives with barely a whimper ; no longer able to skate by on the charisma of its cast .
Even if it does n't quite know what it is trying to say , Allegiant has turned out to be better than its immediate predecessor .
`` Allegiant '' remains cold to the touch , plastic , and dull , becoming another lackluster step in this laborious and unfulfilling cinematic journey .
Allegiant is a subpar installment in The Divergent Series that fails to justify the decision to split the final Divergent novel into two movies .
Disappointing installment prior to the conclusion ...
It 's amazing what adding a ` Dumb and Dumber ' cast member can do to a teen franchise .
Allegiant is more and less at once ; larger , exposing its green-screen inadequacies , and darker , making this a 2-hour slog to inconclusion ... It 's fair to wonder how much interest will remain in June , 2017 .
It 's a tough slog to get through this movie .
Talk about an unnecessary money grab !
Mediocre third installment still violent ; strays from book .
Allegiant exemplifies what happens when a book or movie exists solely for the purposes of placating fans and maintaining a revenue stream .
These movies were never going to transform cinema , but watching Allegiant , it 's hard not to feel as if someone has pulled the rug out from under an otherwise modestly entertaining franchise .
It 's cheap and lackluster , and it 's hard to imagine what another entire film is even going to be about or why anyone would want to see it after sitting through this one .
Allegiant aches to be a thought-provoking , moving allegory of the current world . Instead , it 's an unwieldy two hours too unintentionally silly to validate how seriously it takes itself .
Divergent feels like a hasty idea scribbled on construction paper , crumpled into a ball , and ditched in a mud puddle . Even it ca n't tell what it wanted to say .
Allegiant will work for completists who buy it in one of those `` Four Film Favorites '' deals at Target in a few years , with lowered expectations .
Do we always have to do the last book in a series as a two part movie ? Or three ? Really ? This one , however , is the best of the Divergent series movies .
egregiously padded piffle
If you have n't caught the Divergent fever by now , consider yourself lucky and please tell me where I can find the remedy .
The movie desperately wants a sleek and goth-inspired aesthetic in the spirit of Rick Owens . What it ends up with is more of an unfortunate Anne Klein-meets-The Jetsons reality .
With this hapless entry , even fans of the series will have their allegiance tested .
Those who are n't already familiar with the series will hardly enjoy the film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
You can tell the franchise has lost the impact it made when it first appeared on screen . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Proof that all of these YA adaptations are made with the sole purpose of making money and not telling a good story . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This unnecessary stretch of the franchise is obviously made for money , because the story never quite connected with the audience . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
In its current form , `` Allegiant '' too often sags and meanders . It feels like it is unfinished and spinning its wheels precisely because it is .
If this movie had a faction , it would be : placeholder until the last chapter .
Because the series ' plot reveal turns out to be more confusing than compelling , and because turning a novel into two films invariably leads to inflated productions , only the most devoted fans of the book will pledge allegiance to what 's on the screen .
There 's a lot of standing and talking , a lot of clothes-wearing -LRB- and even some doffing -RRB- , and a lot of very loving set design . What there is n't is tension . Or feeling .
Hollywood 's most dishwater-dull YA franchise hits its messy , moronic nadir in a movie that defies narrative sense , basic smarts and any semblance of a stimulating story at every turn .
Woodley and her peers are just going through the motions at this point , surviving the franchise so they can move on to the next stages of their careers .
Dramatically , Allegiant feels tired and tuckered out .
The Divergent Series is now the equivalent of re-animated roadkill , a desiccated corpse that 's been revived one more time in the foolish suggestion that the same thing wo n't repeat itself .
In what has become something of a running theme for this series , it 's the payoff that falls flat .
Creatively speaking , if not financially , the Divergent series is less a franchise than a quagmire , an unwinnable war that nonetheless must be fought until the bitter end .
The worn and weathered third installment in the four-part film adaptation of Veronica Roth 's postapocalyptic dystopian YA books .
The third and most useless chapter of the continuing sci-fi bloatfest called The Divergent Series .
The special effects are among the more positive aspects of Allegiant , but those alone can not rescue this highly flawed sequel .
This setup creates real anticipation about where the story might be headed , at least for those who have n't read Roth 's books . Frustratingly , though , the movie devolves into a derivative muddle by the second act .
The Divergent Series has always existed as an imitator and rather than grasp at its numerous occasions to make a mark .
Despite all the brawling , shooting and kissing that goes on , these films are entirely bloodless .
This penultimate installment in the dour dystopian franchise offers stronger visual effects and more thought-provoking biopunk notions about genetic engineering than the two previous films , but even star Shailene Woodley looks bored .
Part two , due out in a year and called Ascendant , will answer all the remaining questions , except the obvious one : Why do they keep turning last-chapter books into bloated , two-part sequels ?
As always , the narrative mostly goes : fight , save Tris , Four and Tris kiss . Repeat .
Though it looks as though she might be starting to get a bit bored with all of this silliness , Woodley is still a captivating presence on screen .
Let 's be Candor : This franchise is tumbling downhill at an alarming speed .
`` Allegiant '' may share a title with the last book in Veronica Roth 's `` Divergent '' trilogy , but , unfortunately for all of us , it is not the final movie .
Nuance , subtlety , feeling - anything that might help an audience relate to what is happening rather than passively experience it , like a roller coaster - apparently are luxuries this movie could not afford .
It 's a pretty dull picture , I must say , because it 's my duty to say it . And it 's a pretty dull picture , I must say , because something about its particular grade of dullness may cause memory loss .
Except in the highly visual or action sequences , Robert Schwentke 's direction has a peculiar quality , in which you can almost hear him yelling `` Action '' and `` Cut . ''
The closing shot is pure marketing , reminding us that the final installment is still a year away . If you feel like there 's no point in going through the motions any further , I agree .
Or more accurately , ` Deficient ' ... a thoroughly conventional , curiously tedious halfway wind-up .
After about 30 minutes of agreeably junky sci-fi that often exceeds the energy levels of its predecessors , the inevitable happens : Allegiant becomes a Divergent movie .
No one in the A-list cast -LRB- such as Naomi Watts and Octavia Spencer -RRB- will put this film at the top of a resume .
If you think the name is inelegant , wait until you see the movie .
Although there 's technically one more film to go in the four-part Divergent Series , this third installment reveals a franchise already on its last legs .
The film moves jerkily , in fits and starts , squandering its promising setup and bogging down in explanation .
`` Allegiant '' is basically a thumb-twiddling place holder that relies on crashes , attacks and subpar effects rather than dramatic substance .
Allegiant is n't an awful movie ; it 's just not trying very hard , and does n't have anything unique to say .
Woodley remains grimly committed , and Naomi Watts turns in a serious performance as our new , slightly more complicated villain , but the rest of the characters barely exist .
A story that kicked off two years ago at a reasonable gallop has now slowed to barely a limp .
The second to last entry in what is a so-so franchise , `` The Divergent Series : Allegiant '' is squirrelly , chasing from one big concept to another without satisfactorily executing most of them .
A picture that crams elements of eugenics and dystopian fantasizing into a turgid sci-fi movie full of howling mobs , seemingly endless shoot - 'em - up episodes , clunky-looking special effects and unconvincing relationships .
It 's the weakest of the three films , but hopefully it tees up the fourth film for a big finish .
Woodley remains a solid actor , but she 's defeated by the incoherent script and the surprisingly terrible special effects .
Normally these films are carried on the capable shoulders of star Shailene Woodley , but even she looks as disengaged as we are .
The films themselves are so bland and monotonous that it 's difficult to invest beyond being happy that actors I like are being well-compensated for their work .
two lovebirds must once again save the world while looking very good in their carefully tailored casual wear
By far the worst-made installment of the franchise , all green screen and fake action and bland performances .
So shopworn even the preternaturally warm Woodley looks bored .
Have they broken Shailene Woodley ?
A good adaptation that wo n't dissapoint fans of the series . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
There are changes from Veronica Roth 's book and returning director Robert Schwentke delivers a rather long , messy CGI-heavy film . It is no Hunger Games , but existing fans should enjoy it .
The cast is simply just there cashing a paycheck . Thank God there 's only one left . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film that goes by really fast and is also entertaining . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The production values are strong and the young cast engage , including Theo James and Miles Teller . But really , it 's enough now .
Events seem more convoluted and less plausible than ever .
Plodding stuff which accentuates the silliness of the original 's teen-mag personality-trope set-up , a narrative device that becomes more boringly byzantine with each successive instalment .
The more we learn about Shailene Woodley 's messiah-like heroine the less interesting she becomes .
Definitely , `` The Divergent Series : Allegiant '' is worse than horrible . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Comprova ser pouco mais do que um sub-Jogos Vorazes .
Includes a lot more action than its rather funereal predecessors and the special effects are strong . But they take their own sweet time with the storytelling , and a final Divergent film is on the way .
While the amped-up visuals and new cast members are fun -LRB- Jeff Daniels is a particular highlight -RRB- , ultimately this is a confusing addition to a muddled saga .
The best of the series and a slick slice of sci-fi cinema .
Always the poor relation of The Hunger Games , this only underlines its position as a sci-fi also-ran .
The Divergent series has always seemed like thinnish gruel compared with the much richer feast of The Hunger Games , and this one is the weakest yet .
Even if it still struggles a little to find it 's ground , this is a better film than the others . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The finale here is about as exciting to watch as an office party on a paintball outing .
Increasingly ambitious and unashamedly entertaining .
The special effects are classy , and an improvement on the often weightless Insurgent . The film also benefits from the fact that , for once , none of it takes place in the characters ' minds .
Big but boring , expansive but cheap-looking , Allegiant spins in place , waiting for next year 's Ascendent to come along and offer resolution . In all candour : you can do without it .
A disappointing downfall from the previous films , the appealing metaphor for nonconformity giving way to dull good-vs-evil battle and dumb plot conundrums .
The series continues to frustrate with its disingenuous argument for the importance of asserting individuality .
The word `` adequate '' is an accurate one in describing the opening two chapters of The Divergent Series , but Allegiant is the first to really be legitimately bad .
Like the earlier Divergent films , Allegiant is studded with enticing science-fiction ideas , but it keeps such a poker-straight face while presenting them , you often ca n't help but crack up .
Instead of bringing much-needed clarity , Allegiant piles on yet more bamboozling mythology to flummox and confound .
Schwentke is the master of his own demise , presenting this tale in an all too stony-faced fashion , as a picture that takes itself far so seriously .
Allegiant 's plot , in which the protagonists climb the wall for a baffling origins story before returning to Chicago for the next film 's showdown , is not always compelling .
Woodley ... struggles with a character that , unlike Jennifer Lawrence in the Hunger Games films , is getting less interesting with each passing movie .
This series ca n't be over soon enough .
' Allegiant ' is superior to ` Insurgent ' without qualifying as `` good . ''
Miles Teller is brilliantly typecast as a mouthy douchebag that no one likes .
Brings back the same cast of characters to do more or less exactly what they did in the previous films , only this time in sets with more sci-fi gloss than postapocalyptic grunge .
More like redundant .
This first half of the artificially split two-part finally may diverge from Veronica Roth 's source material , but does n't necessarily solve its problems .

@highlight

Allegiant improves on previous entries in The Divergent Series on a few superficial levels , but they are n't enough to counteract a sense of growing boredom with a franchise that 's gone on too long .