An examination of whether vigilante justice - no matter how well-intentioned at the start - is doomed , ultimately , to become just another example of would-be good guys falling prey to the lure of egotism and/or big money .
Cartel Land provides a solid cinematic structure that allows two parallel storylines to intersect effortlessly .
A little bit of critical distance could surely only have helped make this is a real discussion of the issues , not just a vivid depiction of them .
Cartel Land shows us things we have n't seen before , and its last act contains startling revelations . But the film is also pretty tacky in its numbingly high-octane presentation
Cartel Land is surprisingly effective in its on-the-ground approach .
A real-life action thriller , a terrifying , companion piece to Sicario . Do we want the wild West in the 21st century ? Because that 's what we 've got .
More than a great documentary , this is a great piece of journalistic work . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The longer it goes , the easier it becomes to be turned off by the frequent graphic violence that so frequently punctuates the narrative .
Let 's try justice my way
Like most documentaries about the Mexican drug wars , this has nothing to say about the social and political context . It is meant for visceral entertainment and as such reflects the aesthetic of Kathryn Bigelow -- the executive producer .
Frightening , fly-on-the-wall documentary following the efforts of vigilantes to wrest control of border towns back from ruthless drug cartels operating along the Rio Grande .
This documentary about the problems and limitations of vigilante justice includes some impressive hand-held camera work , indicating bravery during firefights south of the border , and stamina while climbing very rugged terrain along the border .
One of the most astonishing films on the ruthless drug cartels .
Cartel Land is not a fun watch but it is a compelling one . It has all the larger than life characters , gang violence and government corruption of a fictional crime drama made horribly tragic by its reality .
Matthew Heineman 's powerful documentary challenges our assumptions of loyalty -- like you , like us ? -- as well as of good and evil .
Heineman goes through the gates of Hell and comes back empty-handed .
Horribly real , an urgent and alarming account of a crisis so hellishly labyrinthine it 's hard to see how anyone can escape its widening web of violence , extortion and corruption .
Matthew Heineman 's documentary about the Mexican drug wars plays like a real-life version of some grim Sam Peckinpah Western in which violence and corruption have become endemic .
The road to hell , as paved with best intentions , has never looked better .
Jaw-droppingly intense ...
Lacks the necessary perspicacity , objectivity and trenchancy .
Thoroughly researched , occasionally engrossing , but ultimately frustrating .
There 's no doubting Heineman and his crew 's audacity as they venture close to the line of fire , but the commitment to observing dispassionately at all times starts to feel a bit like a cop-out .
The real revelations of the film are in Michoacán with Mireles , but do n't expect solutions , or clear lines between good and evil , to emerge .
There are scenes here unlike anything you 've seen . Timely , thoughtful and supremely well-constructed , we 'd be stunned if this is n't the doc to beat on Oscar night .
A vivid and sometimes infuriating portrait of a seemingly unwinnable battle .
An amazing look at the new world of methamphetamine manufacture and distribution and the losing battle locals are fighting against it .
-LSB- Heineman -RSB- needed either to find a compelling reason to keep the American vigilantes in this film , or keep the focus entirely on the genuinely gripping material in Mexico and the far more complex protagonist in Mireles .
Heineman and his crew gain a terrifying level of access , giving us front-row seats to the drug war .
Cartel Land is a brilliantly exposed snapshot of a hugely complicated situation .
Chilling and compelling , ripped from today 's headlines ...
This raw and compelling -LRB- if necessarily incomplete -RRB- documentary focuses on the recent battles between drug cartels and vigilantes along the Arizona-Mexico border .
Vigilantism on both sides of the Mexican-U.S. line is the subject of Mathhew Heineman 's powerful but curiously diffuse documentary .
Shot in times of serious danger , it balances idealism and violence , triggering an adrenaline high and a sense of soul-crushing hopelessness in the same instant .
Even if it leaves you wanting more , `` Cartel Land '' deserves to be seen .
The production is precise in its nightmarish summation of futility , giving this necessary education an inevitable severity .
Filmmaker Matthew Heineman places himself in the line of fire more than once in this shocking and eye-opening real-life expose of the illegal drug industry in Mexico .
I found my heart pounding as Heineman , often with bullets flying all around , manages to film sequences straight out of a fictional movie or TV show .
Cartel Land 's narrative and Hollywood shine make this doc a gripping watch ... This is a film of real stakes , real deaths , and real conflict .
Absolutely essential viewing , as vital and unsettling a documentary as you 're likely to see .
Much of the documentary Cartel Land , an immersion into the Mexican drug traffickers and citizen vigilantes , is hair-raisingly intense .
One of the year 's most important documentaries ...
What starts as a rousing look at `` good '' citizens fighting to rid their communities of roving gangs of gun-toting thugs , slowly evolves into a disturbing study of human nature , as the right intentions go frighteningly wrong .
By the end of Heineman 's rattling 98 minutes , the war on drugs seems more than ever like a war destined to go on forever before being lost on every side .
As the film demonstrates , this is far from a black-and-white situation .
The overall impact is harrowing and , considering the subject matter , appropriately hopeless .
Without passing moral judgments on either group , `` Cartel Land '' provides a vivid illustration of the dangers inherent whenever a government fails to meet its citizens ' needs to the extent that they take matters into their own hands .
As a documentary , it 's pretty damned depressing . As a parable of human nature , it 's vital .
It 's nothing short of The Wild Bunch meets Traffic , sans the cathartic denouement .
Although the film has its shortcomings and simplifications , it 's a bleakly persuasive view of a decades-long combat that respects no boundaries , and seems to hold no prospect of surcease .
A jaw-dropping documentary about two vigilante groups , on opposite sides of the U.S.-Mexico border , trying to stave off Mexican drug cartels .
If the key to price in real estate is `` location , location , location , '' the key to success in vérité-style documentaries is `` access , access , access . '' Which is what `` Cartel Land '' has in compelling amounts .
Cartel Land offers a chilling glimpse into a world of violence and vigilantism .
Cartel Land is an unapologetically cinematic take on the crime documentary -- breathless , intense , spectacular .
A worthwhile report on a pressing humanitarian issue .
It 's one thing to invent a vigilante drama as darkly perfect as this , it 's another to capture it as it actually unfolds .
Some documentaries are about answers . Others are about questions . `` Cartel Land '' is about the hazy territory in between ...
Heineman earns major props for his courage under fire while also capturing striking and indelible images .
`` Cartel Land '' reveals a culture that spans the border , full of death and dismaying behavior on both sides , but thriving all the same .
Ultimately , Cartel Land hampers its own efforts to meaningfully address its subject .
The most impressive aspect of `` Cartel Land '' is the trust and access Heineman 's crew obtained to the two central figures of his report .
-LSB- I -RSB- mpressive filmmaking in the service of dispiriting fact , figures on both sides of the law saying that lawlessness and corruption can not and will not end .
Surveys two different frontiers of the disordered relationship between Mexico and the United States without trying to deliver moral lessons .
Heineman was lucky to come out of this project intact . After viewing Michoacan 's mayhem from a more comfortable distance , Cartel Land viewers may feel similarly fortunate .
Heineman 's close-up look at the war on drugs bathes the situation in the personal stakes of the figures enmeshed in these thorny dilemmas on a daily basis .
A stroke of genius intensify the bitterness of this brutal narrative . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
Cartel Land asks : Is law enforcement really fighting against drug gangs ? -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
Captures the positives of -LSB- organized vigilantes ' -RSB- grassroots community organizing , as well as their far scarier prejudices that can lead to anarchy and corruption .
Not for the faint of heart , it sometimes puts its cameras right it the middle of gun battles , for a result that is extremely dramatic even if it also leaves a number of important questions regrettably unanswered .
Director Matthew Heineman 's Cartel Land is a brave exercise in and a fascinating piece of journalism .
Even though it has an uneven narrative , it 's worth watching . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
Heinman 's uncompromising camera work makes this a brutal documentary . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
What 's missing is a directorial point of view , including about vigilante groups , the so-called war on drugs , and Mexican and American policies and politics .
What you 're left with is the sickening realization that this cycle of violence is as hopeless as it is unstoppable .
Cartel Land is essential viewing because it is enmeshed in the haze of reality , not the simplicity of fiction . There are no easy answers .
... an eye opening look at organized vigilantism .
All vigilante groups are not created equal ; here , the nuances sometimes get lost .
Director Matthew Heineman 's camera shows the cost of lawlessness and the power - and institutional powerlessness - of the people .
Watching grandmothers face down the military trucks , we might be tempted to hail Mireles as a hero . But Cartel Land is interested in how idealism becomes corrupt .
Not really an immediate , you-are-there experience . It 's a patient , detached but cryptically horrified study of a true quagmire , and the well-meaning but temperamental gun friends trying to force a straight line out of total chaos .
Cartel Land combines video journalism and ecstatic beauty filmmaking to devastating effect , like real life framed as a breathlessly paced thriller .
Cartel Land is the rare non-fiction work that routinely keeps one 's nerves on edge .
Looking at the Mexican drug wars from both sides of the border , `` Cartel Land '' is punchy and vital but not particularly informative .
A movie that seeks action over analysis and could draw in the type of audience that does not regularly attend documentaries .
A stunning work of war reportage nestled within a creaky study of ideological purity .
The results are astounding . Cartel Land is staggering , stunning . The best documentary I 've seen in a very long time .
Cartel Land -LSB- is a -RSB- spellbinding , verite documentary -- a frontline look at the murderous Mexican drug cartels .
Deftly edited , and filmed with a feel for the deadly volatility of drug violence .
In framing this predicament so vividly , in its gorgeous first scene , Cartel Land ensures that you worry about it throughout follows .
Cartel Land feels like Breaking Bad in real life , with characters even more complicated and controversial than Walter White .
There 's half a great movie in Cartel Land , a gritty street-level documentary about vigilante action on both sides of the U.S. / Mexico border .
One person 's armed vigilante is another person 's guardian angel and the border between these two ideas is wafer thin and easily crossed as Matthew Heineman 's beautifully shot and probing documentary shows .
Startling access yields strong if not consistent results in `` Cartel Land , '' Matthew Heineman 's parallel portrait of vigilantes policing two different fronts of the drug war .
This is a film that 's both timely and timeless , an examination of what appears to be an unassailable cycle of awfulness ... Matthew Heineman 's film feels like a peek into a gaping maw of wretchedness .
`` Cartel Land '' offers up no easy answers or clear calls to action , but just a first-person account of these situations that rule the news and the hand of policy-makers , providing a deeply humanizing element to this incredibly difficult situation .

@highlight

Raw , brutal , and bitter , Cartel Land offers a ground-level look at vigilante efforts to thwart organized crime at the Mexican-American border .