No matter the urgency or importance of this tale , it tackles issues and themes that an audience member of any class , colour or creed will recognise , muse upon and consider .
Superbly surreal , it marks the impressive debut of a handful of staggering new voices in cinema .
Uses visual arts to indicate the interior sensation of one of the year 's most fascinating and rewarding characters .
It is an excellent sample of -LSB- director Anna Rose Holmer 's -RSB- craft , just not an excellent movie .
The Fits is a unique spin .
The Fits introduces two startling talents : filmmaker Anna Rose Holmer , who has a preternaturally steady touch , and actress Royalty Hightower , who has a Sphinx-like gaze-until she smiles and her joy illuminates the screen .
The Fits follows 11-year-old Toni , portrayed with nuance and grit by newcomer Royalty Hightower , on her journey from standoffish tomboy to member of an elite dance squad .
Dreamy and enigmatic in the American-indie way .
Like Alfred Hitchcock before her , Holmer realises that a threat is most frightening when it wafts in at random , when it ca n't be explained .
Holmer finds beauty in the little details , from complex dance moves to a simple stare .
A slight but intense little film .
Holmer draws confident , luminous performances from the cast that rise to the occasion but never seem over-coached or phony .
The Fits celebrates young black women , with an accent on their bodies .
The storytelling is elegantly economical , characterised by a looseness and a spontaneity that 's rooted in authenticity .
The Fits is strange and amazing .
Mood ultimately trumps character , but Holmer 's helming brims with promise .
Hard to pin down , but guaranteed to leave a mark .
It 's impressive how much emotion and passion Holmer fits into the lean 72-minute runtime , and the fact that she ends it all on a gloriously imaginative high further marks her out as one to watch .
The Fits positions Holmer at the vanguard of new voices , possessing the potential to enliven the frozen forms of mainstream cinema if given the opportunity .
Its ambiguities make possible a fusion of dread and intrigue that reminds us of ways in which we 've experienced adolescence , alienation , rites of passage , or self-discovery .
What the movie lacks in narrative it makes up for in mood and invention .
Slow-paced and methodical , filled with arresting long shots .
Hightower 's masterful performance -LSB- is -RSB- as successful in detailing Toni 's psychological state as Holmer 's striking and poetic approach , and as expertly choreographed and yet naturally rhythmic , too .
It 's definitely challenging , and I want to give it a second viewing . So let 's go ahead and call that really good .
The Fits combines the energy of a dance film with the obliqueness and eerie atmosphere of an art film . I feel safe in saying I 've never seen anything quite like it before .
One could think of The Fits as an all-ages movie , but only in the sense that The 400 Blows is about children .
A fitting psychological portrait of growing up in Cincinnati 's West End .
I love the way the film reminds me of adolescence itself ; fun , silly times shaded with impending seriousness and tinged with darkness .
Although The Fits is a short 72 minutes , it bristles with energy that explodes in intricate choreography . It is also gorgeously shot , with Hightower impressively carrying all the emotional weight of the film in her face and body .
The film envelopes you in its spellbinding narrative .
Using a lot of real-life West End of Cincinnati dancers and athletes in the cast lends the film an authentic feel without ever feeling amateurish , and the specificity of Toni 's story resonates outward .
Anna Rose Holmer 's strange but beautifully crafted film is worth seeking out .
Holmer directs with supreme confidence , allowing the film to build to a boil at its own measured pace but not in a way that ever feels slow or drawn out .
... a captivating , mesmerising , and remarkably painful journey into adolescence and independence .
-LSB- Holmer -RSB- and cinematographer Paul Yee infuse the community center , in and around which the entire film takes place , with elements of magical realism to accentuate the protagonist 's passage from childhood into adolescence .
... captures approaching adolescence for what it really is : an out-of-body experience .
The movie is a nearly perfect thing , made with such assurance that every shot holds weight and widens your heart .
-LSB- Holmer 's -RSB- given us something almost otherworldly , using the phenomenon of mass hysteria as a stepping stone into adolescence . That her film uses little dialogue , instead expressing emotion through movement , makes it that more remarkable .
I like a lot of things about The Fits , and the first thing that got me was the way it sounds .
It 's a curious world that Toni is entering , and Hightower 's quiet watchfulness takes it all in .
Coming out of Sundance , this fascinating low-budget drama features the kind of bold , skillful filmmaking that seems largely missing today ; it offers a profound puzzle to ponder but no easy answers .
In the best scenes , dancers take over urban areas , like a highway overpass , with their heavy breathing echoing across the cityscape as the camera pans out .
The tale is overly aestheticized , with ponderously aggressive sound editing and self-consciously discordant music constantly reminding viewers just how Important Everything Is .
First-time filmmaker Anna Rose Holmer has crafted a story so poetic and precise that it must be the pure , uncorrupted vision of its creator . It 's not a flawless film , but it is perfect in its own way .
Like its lead Royalty Hightower , whose performance is just as spectacular as her name , The Fits is impossible to look away from . It 's gorgeous , poetic , and opaque , and I 've never seen any other movie like it .
The limited locations , lack of adult characters and the fact we never see the kids at home effectively creates a socially contained world with its own rules and consequences . Then there 's Royalty Hightower 's knockout lead performance .
Hightower has a naturally commanding screen presence . Imagine if Steve McQueen was an eleven-year-old black girl and you 're starting to get the idea .
`` The Fits '' and its electrifying young star give getting in formation renewed meaning , with inspiring , self-assured verve .
You honestly do n't know what to expect , and when the film is done , you 're not exactly sure what has happened .
Virtually impossible to synopsize and not even easy to describe . Let me just say that this a rather special movie .
A quietly audacious coming-of-age tale lodged inside a psychological horror film .
Holmer 's principle lyrical tool is her young star , whose luminous , almond-shaped eyes veritably burn with an intense clarity of purpose .
The trials of adolescence come to life in fresh and mesmerizing ways in The Fits , a low-budget , mood-rich tale about a tomboy , an all-girl dance team , the need to belong , and a baffling sickness .
... the film has an air of realism that helps tether its viewers to these characters as the storyline aims to sweep them off their feet .
Anna Rose Holmer 's The Fits is the best portrait of female teenage alienation since Eliza Hittman 's It Felt Like Love .
Though the narrative is threadbare , the concept of the story - girls at the rec center are inexplicably suffering from strange seizures - keeps us engaged .
Watching the girls defy gravity as they whirl into scary , seductive , hallucinatory patterns , you realize The Fits is more than a transporting film experience . It 's cinema poetry in motion .
A sophisticated exploration of sound , image , and rhythm , where movement and music are combined to make the film dance .
If nothing else , it introduces Anna Rose Holmer to the world as another bright young female director with a unique perspective and , especially for a debut feature , a surprisingly impressive command of pacing and tone .
In Toni , a girl who comes of age , who comes into herself , the movie offers a brilliant , new , and sensory experience .
`` The Fits '' pulls you in and wo n't let go .
When I first stumbled out of ` The Fits , ' I was n't entirely sure what to make of it ; after a second viewing , I 'm still not certain . But I know this much : I 've never seen anything quite like it .
In terms of capturing that adolescent ennui , it 's as good as any movie I 've seen .
The Fits is a movie that , if examined scene by scene and frame by frame , confirms its own uniqueness the way a conservationist might identify a member of an endangered species .
A mellow meditation on a beautiful , little black girl beginning to bloom !
A beautiful , hauntingly precarious coming of age film that uses mystery and an at times dream-like atmosphere to create a mesmerizing tale .
An exquisite metaphor of adolescent rites of passage , with dance as the language of expression for an otherwise reserved character who speaks little .
A highly composed technical tour de force .
Just like its heroine , The Fits never gets swallowed up by the darkness that surrounds it .
A confident blend of performance , kineticism , and tone , it has a pulse all its own , born of passion and curiosity , and a healthy dose of psychological mystery to boot .
What Holmer does offer is a story about suggestion and nuance , about movement and emotion . It 's a narrative film , but it feels like a dance piece itself , and it 's strongest in its meaningful silences .
Even in an abbreviated running time , The Fits manages to reinvent the sports story as something both brainy and physically pure .
`` The Fits '' is the kind of film that asks more questions than it answers . The questions have echoing resonance .
This movie casts a spell .
A singular first feature from the young director Anna Rose Holmer , who 's made a movie that can feel like a memory .
The Fits is a rare little film . Not only are answers few and far between , but even the questions are hard to pin down . It 's quiet and strange and simple .
All ups with no downs , it 's a motion picture in the truest sense of the term . I 've never seen anything quite like it and I loved every one of its 72 minutes .
Royalty Hightower is a powerful new presence in a film that nevertheless falls short of the mark .
The Fits riffs on the power and mystery of adolescent beauty , and on the joy of what it means to move .
Part of what 's so terrific about The Fits is that so much of it is open to interpretation , even though the film as a whole is n't that oblique .
Neither cutesy nor needlessly bleak , the debut narrative film from writer-director Anna Rose Holmer possesses a refreshingly intimate , honest tone about adolescence . The modesty of this movie 's design has its own sneaky power .
A transfixing meditation on gender and self-discovery , distinguished by the dreamy beauty of its visual and movement-based storytelling .
The physicality and fluidity of adolesence are brought to the fore by Anna Rose Holmer in her tightly directed debut feature .
Holmer films the story as if it were a dance performance , one where differences in movement and posture say more than words ever could .
The movie 's natural sweetness vibrates with mysteries .
An offbeat look at a pre-teen who wonders to what extent she should give up her individuality to fit in . The title could have a double meaning : epileptic-type spasms , or fitting in .
There 's much to ponder in its metaphysical poetry , thoughtful camera work and editing and , above all else , its persistent fly-on-the-wall curiosity , the camera a soulful twin to Toni 's ever-searching eyes .
The Fits benefits from scrapping a three-act structure and avoiding crescendos and easy moralism .
Even at its conclusion , Holmer 's film refuses to provide easy answers regarding its meaning , instead using poised formal techniques to impart that which is not spoken .
This singular mix of character study and mysterious mood piece might not have come off quite so successfully if not for Royalty Hightower 's internal performance .
An exploration of movement , motion , liminality , childhood and racial politics , The Fits is a fascinating psychological study .
The complex mix of fight choreography and dance choreography provides a wonderfully unique framework for the narrative .
`` The Fits '' is unlike any dance film you 'll ever see , which does n't automatically make it good , just different . The film suffers from being diminutively compelling throughout , regardless of how deeply under your skin the score gets .
The dreamy , joyous The Fits is elegance and simplicity supreme .

@highlight

As gripping as it is unique , the thrillingly kinetic The Fits marks debuting writer-director Anna Rose Holmer as a singular talent .