-LSB- Robert -RSB- De Niro is fine in the role , but every time he opens his mouth on stage to make a joke , he 's just not funny .
The ending is n't as happy , bittersweet , or funny , as it 's supposed to be . It 's as if the writers had lost interest when the jokes stopped inventing themselves , and frankly , the audience will too .
There 's the set-up here for something dark and exploratory , but we do n't need another witless movie that could have been secretly penned by Adam Sandler .
Robert De Niro on autopilot .
The Comedian may flounder a bit on stage , but it wo n't get yanked off by a giant cane .
If The Comedian is supposed to have any particular theme , it 's hard to tell what .
The Comedian is more successful than not ; there are enough laugh-out-loud jokes to keep it going , but they 're interspersed with a lot of material that 's questionable .
Robert De Niro has made another movie that probably will disappoint those of us who 've been waiting for a great , latter-day return to form from an actor whose recent choices sometimes feel like a betrayal of his talent .
Alas , `` The Comedian '' comes off as a misguided , ego-ridden vanity production that should 've stayed in the bottom of someone 's discarded-screenplay drawer .
Under Hackford 's direction , what could have been a personal portraiture of success being relative to one 's own sense of self-worth is surrendered to tawdry melodrama .
Hackford 's never been much good at pacing , and the film sort of sloshes from one scene to the next , which calls greater attention to its considerable flab - it 's full of full scenes and subplots that could disappear without any real damage .
The movie evinces no understanding of the trends it attempts to satirize -LRB- viral videos , reality television , self-absorbed millennials -RRB- , nor -- and this is fatal -- does it present any evidence that De Niro 's vulgar Jackie Burke is actually funny .
A curiously likable misfire , lumbering back and forth between a gritty , downbeat seventies character study and a slick , eighties-style showbiz comeback comedy .
... The Comedian , like Jackie Burke at the center , is n't nearly fresh , interesting , surprising or dynamic enough to work , despite its occasional high points .
What should have been fertile ground for a movie -- what it 's like when you 're a star famous for something that happened decades ago -- contains less insight on the subject in two hours than any single episode of Netflix 's Bojack Horseman .
A fetid , overlong drama laden with bizarre subplots and an inexplicably star-studded supporting cast , built around the dated idea that standup comedians can , indeed , be jerks .
An erratic yet entertaining comedy/drama ...
... a profane but lighthearted look at a comedian who has seen better days that is more funny than serious . De Niro presents himself as a good standup , bolstered by Leslie Mann 's appealing performance .
The plot is forced and flimsy , the characters are thinly conceived , and the comic writing is often cringeworthy .
There 's not much to laugh at in ` The Comedian . '
Stellar cast elevates `` The Comedian . ''
Certainly someone somewhere probably anticipated a notable performance from the regularly distinguished Robert De Niro , as aging Jackie Burke , a mean-spirited standup comic with heart to match .
Well cast and acted , but this guy is no laughing matter and who really wants to spend time with him even IF he 's played by Robert De Niro ?
This is a film that reaches its emotional climax among a crowd of senior citizens at a nursing home singing a rousing song about the difficulty of bowel movements .
The Comedian benefits from the nice rapport between De Niro and Mann , the contributions of a knockout supporting cast , and hard-edged humor that is n't afraid to go for the low blow .
Combustible chemistry is squandered for stale and cliché plot developments .
If only there had been better comics in the writing room . The drama , meanwhile , is as unconvincing as the comedy .
Hackford trots out a series of familiar , in some cases faded , faces from the past ... but the effect is disheartening , like being trapped inside a mediocre Friars Club Roast .
The Comedian is ruined by the misunderstanding that snark and hatred - the anger felt by those who ca n't get over Hillary Clinton 's defeat - amount to wit and wisdom and , thus , are justified .
Shrill , repellent comedy-drama .
There are very few surprises , pleasant or otherwise , in the film 's interminable two-hour running time .
Inconsequential but insightful drama about funny people .
In the third act , the film really falls apart with two incredible downers , officially rendering the entire project atonal .
Despite some big laughs , it becomes overloaded with quirks and contrivances , especially among its subplots and periphery characters .
The Comedian is De Niro 's The Entertainer . Watch the great actor rage , Don Rickles-style , amazing supporting cast .
When not focusing on Burke 's sad stand-up , we shift to his creepy personal life . It 's a depressing double-edged sword , yet the tone never wavers .
The Comedian is a phony movie about funny people , starring a great actor understanding next to nothing about stand-up comedy ... There is n't a comical bone in De Niro 's body , only comical skins occasionally stretched over it .
While Jackie harbors plenty of rage , The Comedian is ultimately too heavy on the bull .
Interesting , irreverent comedy has lots of racy humor .
The misleading title of the year . Even when it tries to be funny it is not . The plot about an unhappy comedian unhappily wastes an all-star cast .
The movie never builds enough momentum , emotional or narrative , to get the viewer on its side .
I laughed more at Manchester by the Sea
De Niro gets the joke-telling all wrong .
The Comedian is uneven and not nearly as funny as it should be . It still skewers both our PC age and our lust for viral video fame .
If you 've seen the trailer , you 've pretty much seen the whole movie .
They say misery loves company , but if the unseemly characters in Taylor Hackford 's latest feature are any indication , it also breeds comedy .
The greatest acting challenge in this movie is pretending Jackie is funny .
The film benefits from solid acting from the large supporting cast , but it stands on De Niro 's caustically comedic turn . After where he 's been lately , it 's good to see him back .
February is when studios release movies that never lived up to their high hopes , and it 's easy to see why with this one .
What 's more painful than watching a comedian bomb onstage in a live performance ? Watching one of the greatest actors of all time bomb playing a comedian who is shockingly unfunny onstage , and an offensive boor offstage .
There 's a big problem at the center of `` The Comedian '' : It 's not funny . At all .
Thanks to its talented cast , it sidesteps most of the maudlin traps implied by its premise .
I wish THE COMEDIAN were more focused . As it ponders issues of ageism and talent in the age of social media and viral videos , it may never gel , but it does resound .
Why did Mr. De Niro do it , and why would anyone pay money to see it ?
Director Taylor Hackford pitches this film as a drama with comic moments , but De Niro is too loud and overbearing to be funny .
They say dying is easy , comedy is hard . It 's an observation that applies in more than one way to The Comedian .
A movie that wants to be edgy but winds up as sappy and toothless as one could imagine .
There have been several striking films about the world of comedy . Robert De Niro was even in one of them ... and Mike Birbiglia 's sharply observed Do n't Think Twice from last year is well worth seeking out . Unfortunately , The Comedian is not one of them .
Interesting character study and heartfelt love letter to New York City and the camaraderie among its comedians .
The storyline is what 's laughable because the filmmakers ca n't decide if they want the plot to be edgy or sentimental , so it 's a messy mix of both .
There are solid moments in The Comedian , but nowhere near enough to justify sitting through it . Go check out Mike Birbiglia 's films . They are deserving and this is not .
Robert De Niro 's dark and sassy stand-up comic dramedy The Comedian feels like a 119-minute setup that forgot its punchline .
If this is the king of comedy , it 's time for a coup .
A career nadir for director Taylor Hackford .
Unfortunately , The Comedian bombs more than it kills . And that 's too bad for all involved . Especially the audience . Drop mic .
The Comedian is n't funny enough to justify its two hour runtime , but it does offer a decent exploration of the aging celebrity .
Burdened with a choppy , poorly conceived script , `` The Comedian '' is impossible to enjoy on any level whatsoever .
Although it hints at the unhappiness - and , occasionally , outright hostility - that underlie humor , `` The Comedian '' never really seems all that interested in probing the comic 's psychological wounds .
A film so low in energy that it 's almost as if it was made to assist airline passengers in falling asleep .
Everyone in `` The Comedian '' deserves a better movie than `` The Comedian . ''
All those years in the oven , and `` The Comedian '' still comes out half-baked .
Is it too much to want someone to bring the funny in a movie about a comic ?
The stand-up routines - from Jackie and the pros alike - are funny and blue enough to shock a few laughs out of you , sometimes in spite of your better judgment , and the star seems once again genuinely invested in creating a character .
Fitfully funny but also meandering and muddled .
The uncomfortable yet not unwelcome spectacle of De Niro attempting zingers makes this movie an essential subject for future study of the actor 's comic side . Unfortunately , it is essential in no other way .
De Niro never looks comfortable onstage , and Jackie 's supposedly hilarious , scathing material is painfully dated and unfunny .
Robert De Niro and Leslie Mann 's time together is weirdly charming , recalling the tit-for-tat banter between Michelle Pfeiffer and Al Pacino in Garry Marshall 's Frankie and Johnny .
This is n't to say De Niro ca n't be funny . But file The Comedian next to Dirty Grandpa for career lows from the man who was once considered America 's greatest actor .
Robert DeNiro does what he can , but the bottom line is that he 's seriously miscast .
What 's most surprising about The Comedian is how funny Robert De Niro is -- and not in a corny Meet The Parents sort of way .
`` The Comedian '' is the story of a comic 's career and of his personal life , and despite having been written by a committee of four , it has cohesion and the power to surprise .
Leslie Mann is one of my favorite loons . When she gets upset , she has a magical way of channeling all of her heat into her nose until she 's all red and stuffy .
The film betrays a sloppiness and blinkered entitlement bordering on the toxic .
Rupert Pupkin , Robert De Niro 's stand-up from `` The King of Comedy , '' may have had weaker material , but there 's no contest over who got the better film .
You 'll keep thinking , hoping even , that the sheer talent of the cast will take over and elevate things . But the joke 's on you .
Poor pacing , stale writing and pretentious parade of cameos -LRB- wait for the one in the elevator -RRB- produce a film and a main character that are n't interesting , relatable or humorous .
The camera keeps rolling , and you start pondering what to have for dinner . Maybe the actors are wondering the same thing .
There 's just so much you can get out of this material and the filmmakers beat it to death .
A wit-free comedy that defies classification -LRB- and not in a good way -RRB- .
I expected to see Robert De Niro do the same shtick that he does lately but , his character study is unique and shows he can still play a character and not just a caricature .
Flimsy , faltering character study that 's definitely not funny .
DeNiro can make a scripted dirty joke funny , but Leslie Mann ? She 's funny in her bones .
Surprise , this is a romantic comedy ... this stand-up gives you no reason to sit down .
Nearly everything in Taylor Hackford 's tin-eared comedy is as ersatz as the Robert De Niro character 's rage is real .
De Niro and Mann prove a surprisingly punchy pair .
The film is a series of vignettes which occasionally show life and spark but eventually grow tiresome . There is n't much to take away from The Comedian except a reminder that De Niro remains the ultimate cinematic chameleon .
If you can handle some of the questionable material in `` The Comedian '' , then the rest of the movie will keep you hilariously entertained .
Director Hackford has managed to pull off the most difficult challenge in filmdom , to make a good comedy . It helps to have a talent as large as Robert De Niro as the driving force .
De Niro gives it his all , but The Comedian is down for the count . It plays like an opportunity missed .
-LSB- Its -RSB- promising setup and shambling rhythms are ultimately deflated by a soggy final punchline ...
Robert De Niro gives one of his warmest performances in recent years in this mighty likeable , ultimately flimsy comedy-drama . Much like its star , the film coasts along on charm and audience goodwill . A little more edge might have helped .
There is a sense of exhaustive familiarity that permeates throughout ... The Comedian .
Robert De Niro 's eight-years-in-the-making passion project is a baffling mess loaded with outdated and unfunny jokes .
It 's like a feature-length episode of Louie , but without the pathos and unintentionally unfunny .
It is totally worth it to see De Niro do standup comedy . The plot providing the vehicle for the stand-up comedy is thin , but there 's enough stand-up comedy that I 'm glad The Comedian exists .
There 's a fundamental miscalculation to the casting that drags down an already lumpy shaggy dog dramedy .
Hackford creates something between the slapstick daftness of Bad Grandpa and the existential darkness of Louie .
Fine acting ca n't quite redeem a sleazy central character .
Never as interesting as watching any three consecutive episodes of Bojack Horseman .

@highlight

The Comedian boasts an incredibly talented cast , but they 're put to poor use in an aimless rom-com whose handful of memorable moments never add up to a compelling story .