It 's a perfect part for Shepard , and `` Blackthorn '' provides considerable pleasure just in watching him ride a horse and bark around .
This story , parboiled out of one of the most memorable Westerns , is supported all the way by Gil 's directing .
With Paul Newman no longer with us , no other actor could have fitted so snugly into the legendary outlaw 's old boots .
Sam Shepard delivers a terrific , dry performance as the older Butch Cassidy , his stoic view of life honed by years of reflection and self realisation . It 's a well written screenplay and director Mateo Gil makes the most of it
Embodied effectively by a craggy Sam Shepard , it is not the physicality of Shepard that convinces us of his identity , but his character and the morals by which he lives
Offers a fascinating imaginary sequel to the story of Butch and Sundance .
A Western in possession of a social conscience , but without lapsing into preaching or patronising , this is an unassuming film in some ways , but ultimately it 's self-assured , elegiac and sometimes strikingly beautiful .
A leisurely , elegiac production that needed a sharper focus .
A subtle film that balances drama with gunplay .
While Shepard is a classically , charming and grizzled Western anti-hero , his co-star Eduardo Noriega , above , makes for a stiff sidekick .
Blackthorn is a handsomely mounted film , with many an awesome vista and rolling plain , but compared to the quicksilver brilliance of its predecessors , it comes off as irredeemably minor .
Nothing more than a passable Western that makes you long for something memorable .
With westerns rarer than hen 's teeth , and decent westerns even rarer , this is certainly one that genre fans should seek out .
It feels as unique as the way the ageing Shepard 's eyes appear weirdly independent of the rest of him . He 's a bird of prey gazing through the holes in a crumbling wall .
Lonesome Dove with a dash of My Name is Nobody and a side of Ride the High Country , but Shepard , Noriega and the exotic Bolivian locations mark Blackthorn out as a notable entry .
What really grabs the attention are cinematographer JA Ruiz Anchia 's staggeringly beautiful Bolivian vistas , the riotously colourful backdrop against which Blackthorn tries to outrun his pursuers .
Engaging and enjoyable , this is an impressively directed , beautifully shot Western with a thoughtful script and terrific performances from Sam Shepard and Eduardo Noriega .
Shepard 's crusty charisma gives this dignified genre effort its pulse : a growl-off between his Butch and Jeff Bridges 's Rooster Cogburn is surely the next chapter .
Sam Shepard illuminated the old West - or at least the South American parts - with creaky charisma . He unleashes a growly old timer to rival Rooster Cogburn or Will Munny .
A Western about a cowboy vagabond who learns that you ca n't go home again .
Worth seeing for its Western-genre pleasures and for its truly awesome Bolivian locations , which function almost as a rebuke to those special-effects-oriented filmmakers who prefer green screen to our green planet .
This is a worthy addition to the legend of Butch Cassidy .
... a promising premise ... undone by uninspired , by-the-numbers filmmaking and the failure of charisma
Has good scenic photography and a grand performance by Shepard .
A handsome but deeply fractured tale .
Not only one of the year 's biggest and best surprises , but it 's the most beautifully photographed film I 've seen in some considerable time .
It ai n't Paul Newman and Robert Redford , but it ai n't bad .
The consequences , costs , and culpability of living life as a gunslinger are never really examined , which leaves us wondering : Why is the movie so damn broody ?
An elegiac take on the great American Western .
In place of a rousing adventure , `` Blackthorn '' is a haunting ode .
Although Shepard is perfectly cast as a world-weary outlaw reluctantly drawn into one more adventure , the movie does n't quite justify the resuscitation of classic film characters for another outing .
Watching the world-weary can get wearisome .
A speculative premise that revives the American folk hero .
With Blackthorn , director Mateo Gil and writer Miguel Barros deliver a solid western that 's as simple , straightforward , and unadorned as its title character .
Not a bad concept , but director Mateo Gil and screenwriter Miguel Barros never quite find the handle and the movie peters out before Butch does .
Blackthorn ' trails Butch Cassidy to Bolivia .
`` Blackthorn '' feels less like a proper sequel to `` Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid , '' which it purports to be , than a coattail rider .
I love westerns and a good story that opens new doors of imagination to the viewer . `` Blackthorn '' is both .
A different kind of Western - somber , reflective and set in the elevated plains and salt flats of Bolivia .
The filmmakers did n't have a lot of options . In some ways the new picture feels like a boxed-in replay .
Blackthorn is a compelling character , and `` Blackthorn '' is an absorbing , beautifully photographed character study .
Each frame is a crystalline jaw-dropper that places the smallish actions of men within a vast canvas of lush jungle , lunar salt flats , Andean snow , and desert sand . The result is a pretty good movie that almost looks better than it needs to .
Spanish director Mateo Gil reappraises the last desperado 's legend in a funny , violent examination of America and American cowboy films .
`` Blackthorn '' takes the buddy movie outlaw mythology and glamour of the Newman-Redford classic and guts it like a fish .
Shepard 's performance is one to remember .
Butch has grown old ? And homesick ? And gets waylaid , and is back in action again ? Was this trip necessary ?
Offers a fresh reason to remain invested in Shepard 's long and winding filmography , providing a meaty role and an irresistible western formula to flare his screen charisma in full .
Despite a twist at the end and some striking scenery , this revival suggests that some legends are best left in peace .
What really transforms Blackthorn into a fresh take on an archetypical story is Shepard 's Cassidy , a man burdened by his outlaw past .
Mateo Gil 's sturdy Western makes a nicely melancholy flipside to George Roy Hill 's more rambunctious classic .
If ever a man deserved the nickname `` Butch , '' it 's Sam Shepard .
Director Mateo Gill 's autumnal movie has elements of other late-era Westerns in its blood , but it is n't easily pigeonholed .
In his best performance since `` The Right Stuff '' turned him into a reluctant movie star , Shepard makes `` Blackthorn '' worth seeing .
If nothing else , the film reminds just how arresting an actor Shepard can be . Like Blackthorn , he 's only gotten better with age .
The filmmakers rely on Mr. Shepard to lend the character some of his mythic weight , but it would take an actor with greater range to make Butch more than a cardboard outlaw-saint .
Shepard sells it with a depth and a conflicted sense of remorse that pulls this folk hero down to earth .
strips Cassidy of the myth , reminding us that even Paul Newman could n't escape old age .
It never lacks for the arid , vista-prone beauty of a classic Western , or for a sense of lived-in wear and tear that remains convincing even though it 's more stylized than realistic .
It 's quite surprising that it takes two foreign filmmakers working in a foreign country to deliver one of the most compelling Westerns we 've seen in quite some time .
This lightness finally overshadows the story 's elegiac potential and leaves the toll of Cassidy 's exile largely untapped , and even Shepard 's magnetism ca n't lift Blackthorn above the status of cinematic lark .
Gil 's alternative history gets one thing bang-on right : If Butch were to live into his senior days , he 'd absolutely have to be played by Shepard .
A grittily entertaining and thoughtful example of just how good a western can be . . an outlaw tale that is at once exciting and elegiac , elegant and earthy .
The performances by Shepard and Rea make this a movie worth seeing -- as does the opportunity to visually drink in the seldom-seen beauty and stark magnificence of Bolivia 's high country .
Aside from Shepard 's wonderful work , there is a real sense of history here .
These days elegiac Westerns are the only kind anyone seems interested in making anymore . But when the result is a film as moody and beautiful as Mateo Gil 's Blackthorn , that 's not a bad thing at all .
Bolivia never looked better , but does n't a film about outlaws deserve a faster pace ?
Like many an Old West prospector 's treasure , while Mateo Gil 's movie has a good-looking gloss it 's substance is more fool 's gold that fortune .
Shepard delivers in spades , his character weary but just crackpot enough to survive .
A straight-on morality tale that embraces the iconography of the Old West , though set in the high altitude , lunar landscape of Bolivia
Mateo Gil certainly can be held responsible for turning the iconic outlaw into a paper-thin Clint Eastwood-Unforgiven cliché .
-LSB- Sam Shepard -RSB- delivers a beautifully understated , world-weary turn that largely makes up for the slow-paced film 's longueurs , and which in a better film could be described as iconic .



@highlight

Blackthorn invites comparisons to a classic Western -- and survives , thanks largely to a charismatic performance by a well-chosen Sam Shepard .