Despite its roots in real life , much of The Longshots feels like Hollywood stirring the pot .
The script may have taken an hour to write , and I hope they got a bulk rate on generic inspirational music , but Cube and his young co-star , Keke Palmer , are plenty charismatic , and Durst does n't knock over the camera .
It has a nice message , and despite the fact that I feel he 's been totally emasculated over the years , Cube remains a solid actor .
Durst 's surprisingly gentle and understated direction lends the proceedings authenticity even when they cover the most pro forma ground .
That 's the problem with this well-intentioned celebration of the spirit of Title IX : it wants so badly to be liked that it tries to blend into the crowd . -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB-
Ice Cube brings his family film `` A '' game to The Longshots
A winner for the whole family .
It is unabashedly sentimental and , at times sincerely touching , mainly when Ice Cube and Palmer are alone together on the screen .
Cube and Durst have certainly survived worse career flops , but the chances of them working together again on a film ? Let 's just say it 's a longshot .
It 's rare to see a well-made movie that empowers young girls the way this one does . So who am I to complain about the plot being formulaic ?
It 's a by-the-numbers Hollywood movie , but a surprisingly competent one .
Yet another inspirational sports flick .
A Disney wannabe , Fred Durst 's girl power sports flick is ho hum and very forgettable ...
The based-on-a-true-story tale of Pop Warner 's first female quarterback is a feelgood picture with not a single convention out of place that manages not to offend even if it also does n't offer a single shred of originality .
... sensitive , well-attuned performances -LSB- from -RSB- Ice Cube and -LSB- Keke -RSB- Palmer ...
Not maudlin enough to make it memorable
The most surprising thing about the inspirational sports movie The Longshots is not that there is n't already an inspirational sports movie with that exact name . The big shock is that the director Fred Durst -- and he does n't do half bad .
None of the scenes snap , crackle or pop .
Predictable and uninspiring .
A pleasant , if predictable , tale of female empowerment ideal for the under ten set .
This is your basic , generic sports underdog movie that plays very much like an afterschool special . That 's not to say it 's all that bad , but one expects more when they 're paying ten bucks on a Friday night .
Well , at least the underdog formula has gotten so tight that we can wrap these things up in under 90 minutes .
We 're left with an unforced , sweet-natured story about people who find small ways to touch others and rediscover the good in themselves .
A cliché-riddled , warm and fuzzy , small-town sports drama .
Based on the real-life of Jasmine Plummer , this story ought to have all the heart and drama needed , but the onscreen version is too sloppy to even get the clichés right .
Non-discriminating audience members would be just as well served by re-visiting Rocky , Hoosiers , Rudy or even Remember the Titans .
Quite generic , even down to the same treacly musical score heard in every other inspirational sports movie .
The Longshots is a likable enough Cinderella story , one whose heart is clearly in the right place , even if it winds up on its sleeve once too often .
This genuinely affecting movie , based on a true story , has a heart as big as a football field even when its plot points are telegraphed .
The Longshots -LRB- awful title , guys -RRB- plays every instrument in the cliché orchestra , but it at least plays them well , and its characters are likable enough to settle in with for a pleasant hour and a half .
Its charms , however slight or familiar , are present and its family-friendly characters and dialogue are refreshing .
There 's nothing about the film 's workmanlike , achingly conventional direction that says ` Fred Durst . ' Thank God
Anyone familiar with other inspirational sports movies knows that they lead up to a crucial game . The Longshots is no exception .
So how does the creative team behind The Longshots freshen up such a hackneyed , cliché-ridden franchise ? The answer is that , despite a game effort , they do n't .
Durst keeps the story rooted in the desperation of a dying town , and that gives this formulaic family fare a slight edge .
Former Limp Bizkit frontman Fred Durst directs in a surprisingly dull fashion , and most of the characters , including Jasmine 's mother and father , are numbingly one-dimensional .
The film works so well because the sports elements are the least important .
Pithy in its real-life origins , even if trite in its formulaic construction .
While those who likely broadly played , predictable sports dramedies might enjoy this pic that 's based on a true story -LRB- and features a good performance by Palmer -RRB- , I 'd suggest you punt and find a better alternative .
Ice Cube is good , but the story has been done so many times in so many better movies , there 's little here to recommend .
What makes this one different ? Absolutely nothing . -LRB- Sure , it 's based on a true story , but I mean come on , whatever . -RRB-
If I 've seen one movie about a team of underdogs , I 've seen a dozen . But I had n't seen The Longshots before .
Predictable course of practices , winning games and overcoming personal obstacles .
... while The Longshots is far from original - much less first-class - it is effective in its own , middle-of-the-road way .
Director Fred Durst , yes you are reading that correctly , made a very noticeable debut with this true story that is full of cliches but a ton of heart .
plummets from sentimental to sappy
Cube gives a layered , subtle portrayal and it is a pleasure to watch Curtis bloom along with Jasmine .
Despite the name , it 's a pretty safe bet for an enjoyable film for the whole family .
The physical setting and particular racial group may be different , but you have seen these consciously life-affirming sports-family movies before , and this one does n't disappoint in its by-the-book generic formula .
There are few movies out right now more genuine than this Cinderella story .
Keke Palmer and Ice Cube -LRB- who co-produced -RRB- offer the sort of multi-layered performances that elevate a predictable plot into something special
A feel-good family sports drama more likely to make the viewer feel sick from sugar overload .
The guy who gifted the world Nookie is making movies these days , and much like the music he created with band Limp Bizkit , Durst 's cinematic sensibilities are hackneyed , tiresome , and lack sorely needed rehearsal .
Musicians in need of a metronome could pick up a steady beat from The Longshots , a thoroughly conventional sports-underdog movie based on the real-life first female quarterback in the Pop Warner junior football league .
One ounce of conflict or on-field exhilaration might perk things up , but Durst avoids tension like it 's a stalker who snuck onto a music video set .
Durst and Cube and Co. have done a decent job with a movie that never set out to be more than an average crowd pleaser .
Girl-powered sports film is predictable but sweet .
Directed by Fred Durst -LRB- of the band `` Limp Bizkit '' -RRB- , `` The Longshots '' is a cookie-cutter feel-good kid 's movie that seems like it was made by some faulty gadget stuck on auto-pilot .
Keke Palmer has single-handedly saved another feel-good drama from drowning in sap .
Cube opts for dramatically earnest pathos rather than simply seriocomic shtick .
This sweet inspirational story while familiar at times , keeps you thoroughly entertained by mixing healthy doses of humor into the real world drama .
I 'm not exactly sure how to put this -- not quite sure I believe it myself , honestly -- but Fred Durst , lead singer of Limp Bizkit -LRB- perhaps the lousiest rock band in the long history of lousy rock bands -RRB- , is n't half bad at making movies .
Every triumph registers low on the emotion meter , and most of the supporting characters are two-dimensional at best .
A surprisingly tepid directorial effort by Limp Bizkit nu-metal rocker Fred Durst , pic seldom deviates from the genre-cliche playbook .
What 's the point of making a sports flick if you 're going to suck all the joy out of the story ?
Fred Durst seems so anxious to replicate popular sports movies of the past that he never comes up with anything worth exploring in his own movie .
Director Durst and DP Conrad W. Hall bathe everything in a sickly beige , neutering all but Cube 's natural charisma .





@highlight

The Longshots means well , but it 's a largely formulaic affair , rarely deviating from the inspirational sports movie playbook .