It never rocks despite a talented cast .
Danny Collins is a perfect example of a whole that is less than the sum of its parts , some of which are quite good in themselves .
Like a hit rock song with an all-too-familiar chord progression and a formulaic anthemic sing-along chorus , Danny Collins hits all the right notes with gusto and warmth .
This directorial debut of Dan Fogelman is what you 'd expect from the writer of scripts like Fred Claus , The Guilt Trip , and Crazy Stupid Love : schmaltz with onion powder .
The big problem with Danny Collins is Danny Collins , a weird hybrid of late Rod Stewart , mid-period Neil Diamond , and , I do n't know , a less-sexual Tom Jones ? Rick Nelson in reverse ? The math does n't quite make it .
Danny Collins is , at times , an engaging and downright hilarious comedy drama that will have you laughing through the tears but this is simply owing to the sublime performances from its cast ...
There 's undeniable humanity and gentle humor running through this tale of redemption .
Even if Pacino 's singing voice leaves much to desired , his performance does n't . Much like the film itself , it 's all in the execution .
There is so much goodwill in Danny Collins that even its characters ' struggles are made to feel frothy .
Al Pacino gives it his barnstorming all .
This lost-letter episode actually happened to British folk musician Steve Tilston - who seems more grounded , and more interesting , than the caricature that is Danny Collins .
A tearjerker with its own jerk .
Pacino delivers his best turn in a very long time , hiding the fact that he ca n't even carry a tune behind a magnetic presence that screams `` star '' .
Al Pacino delivers a master class in acting . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
What could have been a cheap piece of hackwork becomes a pleasing little trifle , thanks to its actors .
An above average drama with good dialogue , great characters and even better performances . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The scenes between Pacino and Holly Hunter 's character are the best parts of the movie . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A melodrama for people that do n't ask for much more than an entertaining story . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A comedy with a high dose of melodrama that aims to prove that rock stars are in fact , deep down , good people . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The story works because it 's told like a catchy pop song that does n't try to be more than what it is . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Listen as the world 's tiniest violin plays on the soundtrack of this utterly obvious and clichéd three-quarter-life crisis dramedy .
Predictable , but Pacino 's performance is a must see . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Nothing special , but it 's entertaining and even sometimes emotional and fun . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
One of the most humane and heartfelt options in this summer full of blockbusters . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Al Pacino and Annette Bening create a fun chemistry together in this splendid film about a man 's fearless search for redemption .
While the plot sounds like an old familiar tune -LRB- dissipated artist changes his wicked ways when he realizes that love of family/friends is worth more than fame/fortune -RRB- , it 's Danny 's dazzle that intoxicates .
Pacino seeks musical redemption in a story inspired by a letter from John Lennon
Pacino 's buoyant self-mockery goes a long way towards redeeming the actor , who 's on genial and winning form .
Given some of Pacino 's dubious choices in recent decades -LRB- Jack And Jill was the nadir -RRB- , you assume he can appreciate elements of his own career in a story very loosely inspired by true events .
It 's unremittingly corny , but funny , moving , well observed and very nicely acted , not just by Pacino and the ever watchable Bening , but also by the excellent Cannavale .
We sense an actor rediscovering the less frenzied energies that complemented his relatively rare furies when a young man .
Pacino is good company , keeping his more mannered Pacinoisms in check , but none of it feels like a stretch for him .
There 's a marked change of plot about two-thirds through , which could derail the enjoyment of some viewers , but by the final credits you 'll be calling for an encore .
Collins keeps his sense of humour , and Pacino even outshines his razzle-dazzle zoot suits .
Return to sender .
It 's an encouraging premise , and one which is squandered in every way imaginable by this weedy and entirely second-guessable comic drama .
Danny is a role tailor-made for Pacino at this stage in his career , one that enables him both to indulge in some very hammy scene-stealing , but also to show his character 's vulnerability and essential decency .
He is is infinitely watchable , but Al Pacino 's decision to star in the schmaltzfest of Danny Collins was a mistake .
Al Pacino gets his groove back as ageing rock star Danny Collins in a lively comedy-drama that draws from his own star aura and sends it up , too .
Dan Fogelman has achieved something that only very few , accomplished filmmakers can - which is to find a triumphant balance between comedy and pathos .
Consistently amusing and , during the final act , surprisingly touching . It 's also a little too predictable to be a classic .
Hugely , irresistibly enjoyable , with star chemistry to spare , genuine laughs and tears , and the bonus of apt Lennon songs on the soundtrack .
A story about soul-searching , it should appeal to folks old enough to remember the 60s , and to those who wish they could have been there .
Hits all the routine beats but is plenty entertaining , with Pacino rediscovering his enviable pizazz to headline a quality ensemble .
In undoubtedly his best performance in years , Al Pacino has taken this story and elevated it to a whole different level altogether .
The film bogs down in its contrived narrative framework about a journey of self-discovery , but succeeds more on a character level . Much of the credit goes to the talented ensemble .
Cast elevates sometimes-edgy story about musician .
Bright dialogue and great chemistry between Al Pacino and the rest of the cast raise this fairly predictable comedy-drama to very enjoyable entertainment .
Pacino dials the hoo-ah down , letting his smile and charisma do the heavy lifting . Naturally , it does n't hurt that all the feeling and healing are accompanied by a soundtrack of Lennon songs .
Danny Collins has the makings of something terrific , but it does n't quite reach the heights to which it aspires . It 's a catchy and effective film , but one that I fear wo n't quite make the greatest hits list for Mr. Pacino 's remarkable career .
Al Pacino delivers his best performance in years ... it 's engaging , captivating entertainment .
It 's become something of a snarky joke about emotionally manipulative entertainment , but when you can honestly say `` I laughed , I cried , '' somebody 's doing something right .
While the cast keep the melodrama limited to a human scale , the screenplay is n't above manipulating us with a cute granddaughter suffering from a learning disability .
Pacino sinks his gleaming teeth into the role of Danny with a gusto that 's charming and infectious .
Like its title character , the comedy-drama Danny Collins is a movie that starts out overbearing and over-the-top , but slowly grows on you with its quieter charms .
There 's nothing resembling a surprise in this movie , but its simple tune works due to the quality of the performances .
One of the things that partly excuses the movie 's mush is that it 's a kind of musical .
Danny Collins is the cinematic equivalent of a well-sung easy rock tune , enjoyably light and bouncy , with some darker notes hidden within the chords .
-LSB- A -RSB- kindly parable from writer and first-time director Dan Fogelman .
Every scene is played with such authenticity and sincerity that it almost makes you forget the story itself is fiction .
Pacino 's chemistry with Cannavale and Annette Bening overrides the plot contrivances , and he communicates more about his character by just sitting silently next to Cannavale than any long speeches could .
The superb actors cut through the clichés .
For his directorial debut , Fogelman puts all the right people together , and what 's more , gets a performance out of Pacino that 's one of his best-ever comic turns .
Pacino 's exuberance rescues Dan Fogelman 's directing debut from the schematic snares in Fogelman 's script .
It 's never dull to watch pros like Pacino , Bening , Plummer , Garner and Cannavale interact - this is dream casting - and the film makes the most of that , along with a pleasingly comprehensive Lennon soundtrack .
A completely charming comedy-drama . Al Pacino is mesmerizing as always , and Bobby Cannavale is the standout in an excellent supporting cast .
This is a hugely entertaining , mainstream crowd-pleaser about how we can all try to be our better selves , fail spectacularly , then pick ourselves up and try again .
Scent of a Woman with sight . Playing the last hoo-rah of a fading '70s rock star , Pacino burns the screen as he has n't in years , not like a flamethrower but the softer heat of a lighter lifted at a concert .
A committed Pacino and a crack supporting cast ca n't save a maudlin story about a rock star trying to connect with his estranged son and his better nature .
Comedy , pathos , and some schmaltzy couplets about the changing seasons follow forthwith .
Like its hero , the movie is flawed , but hard to resist .
You might be forgiven for mistaking the film for an extended Holiday Inn commercial .
The lesson of this likable little movie is that it 's never too late to reclaim your integrity .
Imagine .
Danny Collins is slightly slight , but it 's so competent and sure of itself that it 's impossible to dislike . We have entered a new era of Al Pacino .
Maybe the closest Pacino will ever get to playing himself .
There 's a kind of modest American comedy that 's so keenly done that you do n't bother resisting . All the details feel exactly right for that particular story and those characters . It just works . Right away , you can tell that Danny Collins is working .
The film remains a basic case of a cliched story undermining strong performances .
Danny Collins is n't what it could have been but at very least the actors are terrific and some of the dialogue has a welcome , tart edge .
Legendary as Al Pacino 's skills are , he would n't be the first actor I 'd cast to play a 70ish pop star who still fills mid-sized arenas some 40 years after he last charted a hit single . Yet Al Pacino sells the heck out of his performance as Danny Collins .
What Fogelman does n't quite achieve as screenwriter at the start of the film he makes up for in his directorial debut . He supports wonderfully the affable allure of his attuned cast .
Al Pacino seems miscast in this piece of showbiz hokum , but he uses his own personal energy to make the role seem alive and likable .
Danny Collins wisely and surprisingly finds a middle ground for Danny 's transformation .
So shameless is this movie 's urge to batter you into laughter and tears that you give in , exhausted and maybe even a little grateful .
How bad could a movie be that features talent as serious as Al Pacino , Annette Bening , Christopher Plummer , Bobby Cannavale and Jennifer Garner ? This bad , alas .
There 's a nice fluidity and freedom to writer-director Dan Fogelman 's storytelling , so things never become predictable .
While Fogelman 's script is extremely calculated and heavy-handed , the cast 's nimble execution turns it into an agreeeable way to pass the time .
You can guess where things are leading , but only to a point . Fogelman tosses in some mild surprises along the way , some more effective than others .
`` Danny Collins , '' like its central character , has a good heart , and sometimes that 's enough .
There 's a delayed-secret hitch in the narrative that hijacks the movie , for better or worse . You do n't have to believe any of it to enjoy a lot of it , however .
While Pacino is n't exactly the most convincing rocker , he 's dialed down his propensity to play to the rafters in a performance grounded in humility yet still entertainingly energetic .
Al Pacino shows a new side of himself - rock star - in Danny Collins and that 's something to sing about . He pulls it off and is backed by a terrific cast in this smart and entertainment movie for grownups .
Dan Fogelman has proven to be an effective scripter and shows maturity in his first time at the helm .
I love those tunes and could hear them all day ; but too often `` Danny Collins '' commits the sin the star is trying to avoid : relying on someone else 's music to get it 's point across .
We know this movie is going to try to pull out our heartstrings , but `` Danny Collins '' manages to take few unexpected turns , and it makes us want to join it for the entire trip .
The movie becomes , perhaps inadvertently , a celebration of selling out .
This likable movie rises or falls on Al Pacino 's ability to convince us that he 's an aging pop star ... and he does .
Danny Collins ' internal crisis , his yearning to make up for the past , is palpably conveyed by the sadness Al Pacino applies behind the extroverted mask .
An appealing comedy with an unabashed streak of melodrama , sharp dialogue , and a superb ensemble cast , anchored by a lead performance by Al Pacino in lovable scamp mode .
Like the title character , Pacino has found it 's never too late to begin anew , and hopefully audiences eager to see him at his best will give Danny Collins a chance .
Writer-director Dan Fogelman seems as torn as Danny is between his artistic impulses and his hard-wired attraction to bland , audience-friendly material .
Danny Collins has no intention of breaking new ground . But Pacino and a top cast make it mean something .
That 's what movies are for - to let us see Danny overcome his son 's efforts not to give in , all to the tune of some of Lennon 's most moving songs .
-LSB- A -RSB- shameless piece of boomer bait , which peddles the highly questionable notion that it 's never too late to get back to where you once belonged .
Al Pacino as a jaded , aging rocker re-juiced by a road trip to settle accounts with himself and his long-lost family ? By all means roll your eyes - the star has one brow goofily raised himself - but do n't give up on Danny Collins .
A redemption story does n't always need to show the blood . Danny Collins gets the point across without pretention . Its closing scene , alone , is worth the price of admission .
Before the action comes a cheerfully coy announcement : `` The following is based on a kind of true story a little bit . '' In fact , the story is not only true , but proves to be a kind of swell idea for a fiction film .
Though occasionally contrived , in its more low-key , honest moments , Danny Collins rings out with emotional resonance .
I can imagine a lot of good movies developing from this premise , but as fictionalized by screenwriter Dan Fogelman , it becomes yet another soggy tale of father-son healing .
If Danny Collins the film did a little more getting down to earth , and a little less hamhandedly reminding you that that 's what it was trying to do , it 'd really be something to sing about .
This uneven but ultimately sweet comedy-drama takes full advantage of Pacino 's larger-than-life persona -LRB- think `` Glengarry Glen Ross , '' `` Donnie Brasco , '' `` The Insider '' -RRB- and his ability to add in lovely grace notes .
A redemption movie in the skeptical key of Jerry Maguire with dozens of small , perfect moments
When -LSB- Annette Bening and Al Pacino -RSB- are on screen the film momentarily does n't seem like a chore .
The directorial debut of Dan Fogelman , writer of Crazy , Stupid , Love and Last Vegas , the movie combines the compulsive sub-plotting of the former with the retirement-age asides of the latter .
The best aspect of the film is the music . Both Ryan Adams and Theodore Shapiro deliver a sweet sounding score , as well as a couple of nice tracks .
Danny Collins breaks away from its Lifetime movie trappings thanks to the way it toys with cliches and a number of touching performances from a cast led by a superb Al Pacino .
Danny Collins is nothing to write home about , but it kept me entertained without too much guilt , and I did n't wince .
How could a movie about rock be this tone-deaf ? Or this fundamentally false ?
If there 's a real person beneath Danny 's over-the-top showbiz-lifer persona , Pacino never finds him .
`` Danny Collins '' is certainly watchable , but do n't go expecting much in the way of surprises .
You think you know where this is going , but it 's a pleasure to see Dan Fogelman slow down the flow for his two erstwhile Ricky Romas , kicking around life 's harsh turns with tenderness .
The chemistry between Pacino and his cast mates gives this lightly amusing contrivance surprising emotional resonance .
Will attract Pacino 's regular fans and the soap opera crowd as well .
A cast of old pros -LRB- Christopher Plummer , Annette Bening , Bobby Cannavale , Jennifer Garner -RRB- and a touching final scene elevate the material just enough to redeem it .
The symbolism of Danny 's self-destruction is so blatant it 's aesthetically offensive . The last scene ca n't even help telegraphing the final minute of the movie , and it has to completely invent something brand new to pull it off .
The top-notch cast makes this Bleecker Street release almost tolerable , but the spectacle of a dissolute hedonist suddenly acquiring a heart and a conscience late in life is shamelessly , and shamefully , contrived in its emotional trajectory .
A familiar late-in-life redemption narrative , made surprisingly palatable by Pacino 's winning comic bravado , a superb supporting cast , and currents of real feeling that cut through the expected bromides about the emptiness of fortune and fame .
A sad case of wasted potential .

@highlight

Thanks to Al Pacino 's stirring central performance - and excellent work from an esteemed supporting cast -- Danny Collins manages to overcome its more predictable and heavy-handed moments to deliver a heartfelt tale of redemption .