The real snag is that it is n't even a funny mess ; it 's just plain bad .
The worst Adam Sandler picture yet , which is saying something .
Relentlessly witless .
Has n't Al Pacino heard `` Adam Sandler Sucks '' before now ?
Jack and Jill is an ill-advised , too long Saturday Night Live skit gone wrong . It 's a cartoon . It 's a way for all involved to pad their pockets and a way for Sandler to keep his friends employed .
Jack and Jill 's lack of energy disguises contempt , but here -LSB- Sandler 's -RSB- working through his issues in a more compelling way than usual .
... another complete and total misfire from the once-reliable Adam Sandler ...
Burn this . This can not be seen . By anyone .
There appears to be no reason for the pitiless story this appalling movie has to tell beyond portraying Jill as an all-around despicable creature : socially inept and physically disgusting , incapable of grace and impossible to tolerate ...
Stegnos apo empneysh sthn diaxeirish kai dioxeteysh ths allergias toy gia tis symbaseis , adeiazei thn trikymia toy kranioy toy sthn othonh kai kalwdiwnei enan ekrhktiko mhxanismo poy skaei toso sta xeria toy oso kai sta moytra soy
The good news is that Sandler is marginally better in drag than he is playing himself .
Why not go to your nearest hardware store , exchange your admission fee for a pot of emulsion , and watch that dry instead ?
It could easily have been a single-joke poster shot in a deleted scene from Funny People . Only it is less funny and less interesting .
The worst representation of Jews on screen since Jud Süß .
Dennis Dugan 's film mixes slapstick and jokes about diarrhoea .
Amazingly , Jack And Jill is even lousier than I feared it would be .
Totally mediocre ...
So I did n't think the movie was any good , no shock there . It 's flat , rarely funny , oddly boring and so gratingly sophomoric much of it plays like nails running down a chalkboard .
Sandler 's brash , unpretentious and unsubtle family comedy might be more enjoyable if it was n't so mean .
a film that may be remembered as one of the worst of the Wedding Singer actor 's career .
So unforgivably , soul-destroying bad it 'll have you wishing Pacino had made Righteous Kill 2 instead .
Why , Al Pacino , why ?
How much did they pay Pacino to do this ? Four million dollars ? Ten million ? Who knows . But let 's be very clear straight up : this is not Pacino 's Being John Malkovich .
Hastily assembled , uneven and severely lacking in charm and laughs , Jack and Jill is one of Sandler 's weakest outings to date . Which is saying something .
HEY LOOK , IT 'S A CELEBRITY CAMEO ! HEY LOOK , IT 'S A CELEBRITY CAMEO ! - See how annoying that is ? Adam Sandler does n't .
Adam Sandler has succumbed to the Eddie Murphy syndrome . He 's afflicted with the belief that we ca n't get enough of him .
How will future generations judge us for the huge box-office love we 've shown Adam Sandler over the years ?
If you 're a lover of slapstick and find men dressing -LRB- very badly -RRB- as women amusing , this may hold your attention .
Al Pacino is just about the lone standout in this shamelessly unfunny farce , which sees Adam Sandler give a one-note performance despite tackling two roles .
There is so much bizarre imagery in Jack and Jill , Adam Sandler playing his own twin sister being the least of it ... Are we sure Dennis Dugan is n't just the nom-de-plume used by David Cronenberg when he 's feeling particularly playful ?
Fetching a pail of water would be more entertaining than watching this torture .
Sandler tends to make films that tend to split moviegoers into two camps : those who consider him hilarious , and those who think he 's a fart-joke man-child .
Jack and Jill needs less Sandler , more Pacino .
... the ultimate monument to gaucherie ... Pacino manages a few hard-earned gasps as he grovels on all fours after Jill . Needless to say , this is no ` Tootsie . '
It 's front-loaded with enough cameos from the likes of Regis Philbin and Drew Carey to sink most crappy comedies , and , indeed , this one finally makes it to an actual pleasure cruise , minus the pleasure .
It 's better than Bucky Larson ... just barely , but it is .
Not since Max Baer donned ringlets and petticoats to portray Jethro 's sister , Jethrine Bodine , on ` The Beverly Hillbillies ' has a drag act been as ghastly as the one perpetrated here by Adam Sandler .
Aimed at the kids but provides a few chuckles for the adults too
Unpleasant even by Sandler 's usual standards , it 's easily the star 's worst film . And it co-stars Al Pacino . -LRB- It 's his worst film , too . -RRB-
One of the last lines by Al Pacino in the film is , `` Burn this . '' I agree .
Katie Holmes , on a rare furlough outside the Scientology Celebrity Center , mostly stands around and looks confused - maybe she caught a peek at the script ?
A clear sign that Sandler and director Dennis Dugan are n't even trying anymore , safe in the knowledge that fans will emulate Divine in John Waters ' Pink Flamingos and chow down on whatever dog **** is presented to them .
It 's not hard to do but Jack and Jill has the distinction of being the worst Adam Sandler movie ever .
Sandler 's drag act becomes so excruciatingly unpleasant that it inspires involuntary shudders and post-traumatic nightmares .
It 's a downhill drag !
What makes Jack And Jill worse than the average Sandler vehicle is Jill , who 's been conceived as little more than a dude in drag , hold the jokes .
Not since The Love Guru have I seen a film that was such an lazy , unfunny , utter failure in entertainment of all forms .
Howard the Duck , Gigli , Showgirls , From Justin To Kelly . What do they all have in common ? They 're all widely considered to be among the worst big studio movies ever made . You know what else they have in common ? They 're all better than Jack and Jill .
Forgive my stereotyping when I observe that most of the people who were laughing were also the same folks generous enough to share their cell phones .
Someone please show this film to Morgan Spurlock ! It should be renamed Dunkin Donuts Presents : Jack and Jill .
Adam Sandler playing both an ambitious ad guy and his loser female twin is a brazen high concept that provides mostly comedic lows . But Sandler fans may welcome the brainless diversion .
Sandler has become a good actor of late , but here he gives over most of his talents to Jill , who is so screechy , needy , and lovelorn that you can hardly blame Jack for wanting to fade into the background .
The apocalypse starts here .
This was pretty much a chore to sit through . -LRB- Parental Movie Review also available -RRB-
In some parallel universe , hilarity ensues .
Guess what 's playing in movie critic hell ?
Few laughs in crude , kid-targeted Sandler comedy .
No matter how difficult or painful it might be , Adam Sandler 's closest friends really need to do the respectable and humane thing and sit him down for an intervention .
The premise gets annoying after awhile , but that is when Pacino shows up to make things interesting . He gets great laughs spoofing his serious side while on stage and , when his Oscar is accidentally damaged , zings the Academy Awards .
If there was a drag queen pageant and Mrs. Doubtfire , Noxeema Jackson , Madea and Jill had to compete -LRB- even the name , Jill , is bland -RRB- , Miss Jill would get the axe before she graced the runway .
Movies like this should be stricken from film history and put in a closet never to be seen again . It 's just bad , bad , bad , bad , bad .
Sigh . Really , Al Pacino ? Really ?
It 's all pretty unfunny , and leaves you too much time to wonder about other things . Like , how did this sludge ever get a PG rating ?
Adam Sandler fascinates and frustrates me .
It 's cruel and creepy , not funny .
It wo n't make many new converts , but Adam Sandler fans will be plenty happy with Jack And Jill , a broad and endearingly loopy family comedy in which Sandler stars alongside himself -LRB- in drag -RRB- and , even more bizarrely , Al Pacino playing himself .
Picture `` Tootsie '' if everyone in the cast had a head injury . That 's `` Jack and Jill . ''
I can tell you that it is indeed every bit as lousy as it looks .
It 's pretty sad if you 're a comic and Al Pacino is the funniest thing in your movie .
Extruded from Sandler 's Happy Madison filmic laugh factory , Jack and Jill makes lowbrow seem like grand opera , relying once again on fart , poop and sweat jokes to inject both yuks and yucks into the proceedings .
When we finally see the Pacino commercial , the actor 's response is to demand they destroy all copies of it . Would they had done that with this movie .
It is indeed every bit as lousy as it looks . So kudos to the marketing department , I guess . They nailed this one .
Not so much a movie , but a challenge to your soul . Maybe it is designed to make us wonder if there is a God , and if he will save you from this disaster . He wo n't .
I 'm not even sure this qualifies as a real movie .
Jack and Jill is n't awful or particularly successful . It is , however , the curiosity piece expected , totally undemanding and just bizarre enough in concept to keep one 's interest up .
One can only wonder if Steve Koren 's screenplay is in part inspired by Sandler 's real-life attempt as a producer to pull Pacino into this wreck .
Lazy and slapdash , the work of a comedian trusting too much in his own hilariousness .
Feels like an elementary school recess that 's gone on too long , the merrymaking strained and the participants looking tired even when they 're in full comic dudgeon .
It plays out as lame as you might think with the dude version being Sandler in `` angry '' mode and the sister nothing more than a collection of obnoxious traits .
More than 24 hours has passed since I watched the new Adam Sandler movie Jack and Jill and I am still dead inside .
The pic 's general stupidity , careless direction and reliance on a single-joke premise that was never really funny to begin with are only the most obvious of its problems .
It 's not good , but you 're not going to get many chances to see Pacino have this much fun .
If Pacino-on-Sandler action is your trailer 's selling point , the movie better be brave enough to have Pacino bend him over . Heck , it 's already doing the same to us .
I 'm sorry to say that this may be Mr. Pacino 's most convincing performance in years .
One Adam Sandler is bad enough , but ` Jack and Jill ' proves how much worse it can be when there are two ... goes from conventionally terrible to surrealistically awful .
Al Pacino romantically pursuing a cross-dressing Adam Sandler around a medieval castle should be stunningly surreal , so it 's a not-inconsiderable failure that Jack and Jill manages only dim , desperate outrageousness instead .
Comedy moved on from the mid-1990s , and it 's time Sandler did , too . `` Jack and Jill '' even gives fart jokes a bad name .
The saddest thing about Jack & Jill is that we allowed Adam Sandler to get to this point .
A comedy that has one good joke , four strange cameos and a spirit so juvenile kids may wonder what Sandler 's deal is .
There are moments in `` Jack and Jill '' that are genuinely funny - and , just like countless family reunions , there are moments when you ca n't wait for it to end .
If you liked Adam Sandler 's `` Happy Gilmore '' and `` Billy Madison , '' you 'll probably like `` Jack and Jill . '' On the other hand , if you 've seen either of them , you 've already seen it .
It feels a little lazy , like Dugan and Sandler did n't work hard enough to iron out the premise .
Jack and Jill is total bust , a stupefyingly unfunny and shamelessly lazy farce packed with cringe-worthy jokes and overt product placement .
The whole drag routine just is n't all that funny , and the character eases from intolerably abrasive to tolerably dumb only when it is time to shoehorn in the usual nominal life lessons .
Pacino ends up devouring the movie , but in a way that 's welcome , since there 's not really enough to Jack and Jill 's rapprochement to fill a feature .
bad , but not abysmal
But no , Jack has to be an abrasive jerk to his sister so that , in the final act , he can learn his lesson and embrace his twin and blah blah blah fart joke .
It is also typical in that it contains a lot of witless bathroom and ethnic humor ...
Jack and Jill is mental destruction-a collision of half-baked comedy sketches , violent potty humor , shrouded racism , shotgun cameos and unapologetic product placement .
It 's an uphill battle for Jack and Jill with this leaky pail of comic swill .
More bluntly than ever before -LRB- and that 's saying something -RRB- , Sandler uses an entire film to let his loyal fans know that he thinks they 're all a bunch of stupid ******* .
Even by sloppy Sandler movie standards , this one 's a wreck - fart jokes , potty zingers and pit-stain gags .
Sandler will likely one day sneeze out a movie inspired by his skills as a cinematic con artist . He will name the character ` Poop Masterson , ' and it will make $ 100 million .
Left to his own devices , Sandler reverts to his worst , laziest habits . He forgets that what might have been tolerable in a three-minute `` Saturday Night Live '' skit becomes excruciating when stretched to feature-film length .
The more I think about the movie , the more I like it , but I still do n't like it enough to recommend you expose your recession-drained wallet to its particular brand insanity in a wig and dress .
It is what it is - and , more importantly , exactly what Happy Madison fans want it to be : something unruly , stupid and sort of funny , in the same way - and to exactly the same extent - that passing gas is funny .



@highlight

Although it features an inexplicably committed performance from Al Pacino , Jack and Jill is impossible to recommend on any level whatsoever .