The movie 's dramatic devices are schematic , but in the end there 's something strangely moving about Battle in Seattle .
... a conventional drama about the unconventional protest landmark : the 1999 WTO protests in Seattle , Washington , a real event explored through the familiar fictional stories of various protesters , delegates and bystanders .
This thriller will inspire any leftie cells you might possess to stand up and cheer .
Battle in Seattle is a childish , ineffectively manipulative piece of self-serious agitprop about the four-day World Trade Organization meetings in 1999 .
Approaching its subject with a neat idealism and packaging its political fervor in the most facile of forms , the film boasts a cast loaded with Hollywoods both new and old and wraps its message up with eye-rolling naivete .
Perhaps I should just scrawl it on a placard : Battle in Seattle is an indie that deserves to stand out .
Actor-turned-filmmaker Stuart Townsend would have been better off keeping things on a more modest scale . There are just too many characters here .
This is a powerful , wrenching and impressive writing and directing debut for the talented actor , definitely now a triple showbiz threat .
It sheds much needed light on a mostly forgotten event in our country 's history .
What I think the movie failed to do was the thing it had to do most , which was explain what is the WTO and why in Stuart Townshend 's opinion , is it bad .
Townsend 's efforts to be honest to the spirit of the event carry the film through its sloganeering and familiar backstage dramas .
If current events hold , Battle in Seattle could look like prophecy as well as history .
The issue deserves a better sounding board than this .
There is a monster in Battle in Seattle , but it never speaks and remains mysterious .
Actor-turned writer-director Stuart Townsend makes great use of the documentary footage of the '99 Seattle WTO riots . And he gets across his talking points about this shadowy outfit , too . It 's a shame his script and all his actor friends get in the way .
Very ambitious , the story constantly jumps back and forth , trying to give both sides of the story . I 'll say it 's mostly successful .
Braiding brief snippets of these automatically suspenseful storylines with archival video footage of the actual event , Townsend makes a good point that the thing just got away from all involved .
Most inspiring in its throwaway moments , the flick mistakenly thinks we give a damn about an irritating romance when it would be better served by facts , outrage , and complexity .
It 's the next best thing to being there , in that it 's likely to make shuddering viewers intensely glad that they were n't .
It 's easy to see why Townsend was attracted to this inherently dramatic situation , but the characters he 's put on screen feel less like real people than like entities created to either make plot points or stand in for specific positions .
The film 's default position is to always fall back on anti-capitalist rhetoric whenever dialogue and drama grow too banal .
One strength is Barry Ackroyd 's handheld-camera work , which deftly tracks the action but still captures the disorientation of those engulfed by the mayhem .
The chief culprits are Townsend 's TV-movie characterizations and a very muddled message .
Sorely missing is a feeling of immediacy or urgency , undercut by bad dialogue and eye-rolling coincidence .
The result is not quite a documentary and not quite a drama , but interesting all the same .
Cinema verite ' filmed in an unabashedly one-sided , pro-demonstrator mode , this film fails to make the grade as either hard hitting documentary or staged narrative fiction
It sounds like a bad TV movie , yet Stuart Townsend , the veteran actor-turned-director re-creates it all with stunning passion and skill in Battle in Seattle .
An unremarkable and often dull writing and directorial debut .
In the continued acceleration of doc and drama cross-breeding , the movie is adept at fleshing out opposing points of view leading to a city under siege , but setting the stage for a tad too impartial percolating political passions .
What the film lacks in artistry it makes up for in commitment .
So measured and fair-minded that all the drama gets sucked out of it .
The characters in Battle in Seattle are often crudely drawn , and the able actors struggle with canned lines .
For all its speeches and scary graphics , Townsend 's script fails to make it clear why we should care today .
Less notable is the soap-ish plot , which leans heavily on coincidence and melodrama .
It 's like a class play by the Students for a Democratic Society .
Boiled down to its minerals , Battle in Seattle feels a lot more like The Poseidon Adventure -LRB- 1972 -RRB- than a thorough examination of the moment .
But a drama is only as convincing as its characters . The people awkwardly forced together in Battle in Seattle are rhetorical mouthpieces tied to the sketchy plotlines of a so-so Hollywood ensemble movie .
puppet characters spout pabulum and orate to the skies
... will leave you slightly better informed than two hours spent staring at a wall .
Political ensemble drama is provocative , preachy .
A tense debut about the need for stern yet peaceful action when so many global frustrations are already primed to blow .
Three cheers for this prophetic political film about activists willing to take a stand against rich and powerful multinational corporations .
While stiff where it counts the most , Seattle does stimulate the senses , projecting rage and discontent , reminding the viewer that mobilization is a critical step toward any form of change . It 's hard to argue such passion .
An ambitious directorial debut from Irish actor Stuart Townsend that does an impressive job recreating the 1999 protests that accompanied the World Trade Organization 's arrival in Seattle .
Townsend smothers any sense of global immediacy by covering the action with a frayed patchwork of melodramatic coincidences ,
The drama gets heavy-handed at times , but the film is a triumph , thanks to a crack cast including Connie Nielson , stunning as a TV reporter who joins her subjects in protest .
Wisely uses the docudrama approach rather than talking heads to dramatize the 1999 protests against the World Trade Organization .
Fictionalized drama frustrates , rather than facilitates , understanding about the 1999 World Trade Organization -LRB- WTO -RRB- protests in Battle to Seattle .
If -LSB- the film -RSB- inspires even one moviegoer to learn more about how an organization like the WTO affects his or her life , then Townsend has performed a valuable public service .
`` Battle In Seattle '' is a poignant depiction of a dire fight for justice that found traction over a period of several days , in a story that was misrepresented by the American media . Here then , is a closer view of those events and motivations of the people
-LSB- Director Stuart -RSB- Townsend believes in the politics and the passion of the protesters ; he makes their concerns heard over the media noise focused on the spectacle of conflict .
Watching it is like being jabbed in the belly with a police baton , and not in a good way .
By not necessarily glorifying the activists while agreeing with their cause , writer-director Stuart Townsend creates a multilayered portrait of an eventful five days .
What began as an insightful study of how things went so horribly wrong at this event becomes yet another saccharine drama about fighting the power .
... an entertaining yet heavy-handed and ultimately simplistic look at the '99 WTO protests that essentially turned Seattle into a war zone .
An uneven but ultimately impassioned recreation of the riots at the 1999 World Trade Organization meeting in Seattle .
While it makes no bones about where its sympathies lie , these fictional stories show a genuine fascination with the role politics plays on both sides of such confrontations and how things can spin out of control with no single person to blame .
Effectively mixing original broadcast and amateur vid footage -LRB- especially during scenes of crowd panic and police brutality -RRB- with interwoven fictive strands , Townsend acquits himself well , if not outstandingly , as both writing and directing newbie .






@highlight

Well intentioned and passionate , this docu-drama about the 1999 WTO protests is heavier on politics than character development .