Despite all its primal brutality , Frontier -LRB- s -RRB- is a deep , intelligent and very political movie .
As a political allegory , it has no substance . As a genre piece , it is derivative , but it takes from the best and brings it together reasonably well .
Frontier -LRB- s -RRB- still finds a way to mine the past while staying rooted in the present . It may seem recognizable , but it 's a well made and effective awareness
Nasty , brutish but -- pace Thomas Hobbes -- insufficiently short gorefest ... nothing more than an exercise in sadism .
Hardly a trailblazer .
Though neither subtle nor particularly original , Gens ' spin on the meat-movie classic has both nightmarish energy to spare .
The real surprise of Frontier -LRB- s -RRB- is that this creepy , bloody contemporary gross-out also has some ideas , visual and otherwise , wedged among its sanguineous drips .
A relentlessly ugly and derivative reworking of The Texas Chain Saw Massacre .
It 's as relentless as it is hateful , hammily directed and derivative of the dreariest slop in contemporary American horror cinema .
has neither the weight nor the ingenuity to make a solid impression past its unorthodox dispatching techniques .
Perhaps it 's because I see so many by-the-numbers horror movies but when a director is willing to go as far off the rails as Gens tries to go in Frontier -LRB- s -RRB- , it goes a long way with me .
Explicit in Frontier -LRB- s -RRB- is its maker 's belief that nothing should be left to the imagination .
This film will not be easily forgotten or shaken off , I guarantee this is one for the ages % u2026 you are about to enter a new frontier of horror .
a bludgeoning , bloody trawl through the cliches of survival horror , with a strong contemporary political subtext - and as with any good barbecue , there is plenty of red sauce , and absolutely nothing has been left underdone .
... an entertaining horror flick that benefits from the inclusion of several gleefully over-the-top kill sequences .
Can a movie be an adrenalin-fueled , blood-gushing thrill ride and still be as boring as dirt ? Apparently .
A patently over-the-top piece of gore-drenched survival horror . Very familiar but very fun .




@highlight

Perhaps slapdash with its aspirations toward message-making , this ultra-gory horror flick nonetheless delivers the bloody goods .