This is an important homosexual film based on a first-rate novel with a first-rate cast and probably a harbinger of similar movies to come . Many viewers will be disappointed that the movie only hints at intimacy rather than showcasing it .
What the film does fumble is the relationship between George and a student -LRB- Nicholas Hoult -RRB- whose gaydar he must have set off .
A rare thing-a mainstream , melancholy love story , haunted by the past .
Ford 's film is an addict for prettiness and in the process resembles an excessively over-designed photo shoot rather than a film .
What keeps the film anchored is the growing unease that Firth exudes in quiet , crushing waves . He 's always at his best , single-handed .
... offers a raw view of the gay experience that has nothing to do with sex .
Tom Ford 's directorial debut A Single Man is unspeakably gorgeous to behold . From the glorious cinematography to the impossibly beautiful actors and actresses ; no frame is wasted on anything even close to ugliness .
El diseñador Tom Ford debuta como director de cine con el retrato íntimo e introspectivo de un personaje en crisis existencial . Una película sensible y madura , si bien peca de cierto exceso de esteticismo .
Director Tom Ford intends this film to be a celebration of life , but it misses the mark . The balance of this sorrow-laden film is too heavily weighted towards the depression side of the scales for that . Great performance by Firth , though .
Tom Ford 's feature directorial debut , A Single Man , is a bold first step , both visually ambitious and unapologetic about its point-of-view .
A patient and never less than gripping character study that serves as a reminder of the emotional intimacy achievable on film . -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB-
A highly impressive filmmaking debut by former Gucci designer Tom Ford .
The singular sensation of A Single Man is Colin Firth .
-LSB- Firth -RSB- the sturdiest reason for seeing this movie . He 'll move you unless you 're made of rock .
There 's not much to this film , other than watching Firth act , and that 's not enough to justify the price of admission .
Not only is the film meticulously designed , choreographed , and costumed , but everything is photographed -LRB- by young Spanish cinematographer Eduard Grau -RRB- with an eye towards conveying story and meaning via well-thought-out use of color .
Be it colour , composition or movement % u2013 Ford seems to have a natural ability to use the camera to create a vivid but tasteful milieu that works as both an eye-catching palette and an expressive representation of grief .
There is no question that A Single Man is an exquisite film and an enviable filmmaking debut .
The movie is very much like the character -- reserved but rich in detail .
The movie was n't so much directed as it was designed .
A somber character study of a gay man int he early 1960s , ` A Single Man ' is a drama that features a remarkable , subdued performance by Colin Firth .
Elegant and stylish , this is more of a showpiece for style than an emotional journey , with fashion-designer turned film director Tom Ford overwhelming Colin Firth 's performance of a bereft man with some impeccably beautiful but detached imagery .
It has been so long since Firth applied his undoubted talent to a film that truly warranted it , and he rises to the challenge in impressive fashion .
All performances are actually very good , all the actors are beautiful . It 's just a pity that the insistent beauty of the piece works against the emotion at the film 's core .
A Single man is beautiful to look at , exquisitely told and possessed of a rare casual-paced charm that most other film makers take a career to evolve .
A Single Man is considerably more than middle aged misery . It 's a poignant examination of longing and grief and hope . It is a knockout .
While Firth dominates proceedings , appearing in every frame , he is nearly upstaged by debutant director 's Ford 's stunning cinematography , art direction and attention to detail .
Firth is the standout . While it 's no surprise his performance has earned him a Best Actor Oscar nod , the film itself is not nearly as powerful as it should have been .
Uou do n't have to be gay to appreciate George 's emotional journey nor the unexpectedly ironic ending .
It 's an impressive debut for fashion designer Ford who wrote , produced and directed the film . But even more impressive is Colin Firth 's wonderfully nuanced performance
It would be churlish to deny that this is by far the classiest , most skilfully crafted film of the week , with two extraordinary performances .
Stylish , dark , funny and right now , the ideal choice for a date you want to impress with your appreciation of fine film making .
At times it feels too slow , with lingering arty close-ups , yet it weaves a hypnotic spell upon its audience so we carry on watching , mesmerised .
Crafted with the same attention to detail that Ford brings to his menswear collections , A Single Man is a deeply moving portrait of love and death , anchored by Firth 's fearless central turn .
There are moments when a sense of poignancy emerges , mostly due to an affecting performance by Firth , but there are also times when the film feels like an expensive , albeit very stylish , advertisement .
It sounds like a downer but A Single Man is exciting , emotionally alive filmmaking , a potent cocktail of style and substance . And Firth thoroughly deserves the Oscar .
Firth 's portrayal of a man repressing his grief while being unable to repress his instinct for love and for life is excellent and moving , while Ford 's balancing of depth and surface is precarious but ultimately winning .
Colin , darling , you were fabulous , completely on trend . Plot ? So last season , it 's nowhere to be seen - we 're all about character , emotion and cheekbones , sweetie .
The film is an aesthetic pleasure , like being in a designer hotel , reading a deliciously sad novel .
The private tragedy of George is never transformed into the gripping stuff of public drama ; his story does n't become our story . While A Single Man may dazzle the eye , it leaves the heart untouched .
Delicately , and rather brilliantly , Firth suggests how his quiet heroism is mingled with notes of irony and self-deprecation . It is a poignant , deeply compassionate portrait .
After a while , every scene becomes so tweezered , styled and glossed that the whole thing degenerates into a preening perfume commercial . That 's one complaint : the other is that a film that should have been so moving is so boring .
This is a self-conscious , superbly crafted , deeply felt movie . It 's not a gay film but the story of a gay man , a single man in several senses , but also everyman in the way we respond to him .
The kind of confident debut that radiates personality and visual flair while retaining a quietly fluttering heart .
A beautiful , heartbreaking , life-affirming film that 's as warm and funny as it is devastating .
Ford 's immaculately focused direction , the haunting score , and Eduard Grau 's beautiful cinematography would all be for nothing without Colin Firth 's career-defining turn as George .
An impressive film debut from fashion designer Tom Ford , with a career-best turn from Colin Firth . Misgivings about the too-perfect look are swept aside by its intelligence and emotional honesty .
Colin Firth 's strength is his ordinariness and he uses it here to great effect in fashion designer Tom Ford 's assured directorial debut .
Tom Ford delivers the surprise of the year with a startlingly beautiful and sorrowful meditation on grief .
A sad but beautiful film , that requires attention and patience during slower moments but is hugely fulfilling .
Ford is good , even innovative , in those scenes where he near-subliminally varies colour , tone and texture from shot to shot , in subtle correspondence with the changing emotions .
A Single Man is measured , ironic , stylish and very slight . It would have been much slighter without the performance of Colin Firth holding it together .
This film addresses the power of love , the pain of loss , the burden of grief and the joy of life with rare insight and compassion . It may also turn your opinion of Firth for ever .
The central problem with this pristine , narcissistic film : it does n't have a cinematic style , it has a maker 's mark , a signature that would like to see itself as representing a guarantee of quality .
It 's fantastic - stunning to look at , with a career best performance from Firth , and a genuinely affecting story .
There 's still a place in movies for small , literate , well-acted niche movies that focus on character . In the cinema of explosions and rampant CGI , occasionally character still matters . A Single Man has character .
Whether viewers embrace its aesthetic as part of Ford 's worldview or get annoyed by the fashion-spread-ishness of A Single Man 's look , there 's no denying the emotional impact of this superb adaptation .
Thanks to Ford 's acute sense of style , such sobering themes have never looked so good .
Exciting , emotionally alive filmmaking , a potent cocktail of style and substance . And Firth thoroughly deserves the Oscar .
Firth delivers a singular performance in `` Man . ''
True to the director 's passion for fashion , Firth 's wardrobe is an example of sartorial splendor .
`` A Single Man '' is a tender , subtle and elegant feature . It is sensitive , soulful and true to its time .
While his influences are obvious - Pedro Almodovar , Wong Kar-wai and -LRB- maybe more advocationally than stylistically -RRB- Julian Schnabel - Ford has managed to craft a moving and beautiful movie while doing no disservice to its undernoticed source material .
Not just the best queer themed movie of the year -- it 's one of the best . Period .
... tentative and overliterary .
`` A Single Man '' may at times look as carefully arranged as a fashion magazine spread , but Ford has made an elegant , compassionate movie about the broken heart beneath one tailored suit .
A day in the life of a man in deep depression .
This is real filmmaking -LRB- Ford 's use of color and formal composition techniques is a good deal more than ` surface ' trimming -RRB- with the acting to back it up .
A beautifully simple , and entirely universal , story about appreciating the little things in life . Colin Firth is magnificent .
-LSB- A Single Man -RSB- communicates the terrible grief of a man who lost his partner of 16 years and must keep his mourning , as he kept the relationship , secret .
Ford makes viewers dive head first into one man 's grief and despair but also manages to make a film that is vibrant and engaging because of its sadness .
Fashion designer Tom Ford clearly tries too hard with his directorial debut , but I prefer his overreaching to the cookie-cutter approach displayed by cinematic neophytes merely aping their contemporaries .
This poignant and emotionally moving movie is perfectly paced at 99 minutes . It holds your interest and never wears out its welcome . It is this year 's gay love entry for Oscar consideration following in the footsteps of `` Milk '' and `` Brokeback Mountain . '' Se
The designer with a style of combining new trends with classic elements of the past takes that theme to the cinema with dynamic effect .
Not only does it contain Colin Firth 's finest screen performance to date , but it was directed by tyro filmmaker Tom Ford -LRB- the fashion designer and former Gucci executive -RRB- with the sort of assurance one associates with Citizen Kane .
By the close of Ford 's film , I just felt cheated .
Ford 's eye for period detail is exact ; brief cutaways , incisive dialogue , and charged glances telegraph the cold-war paranoia and sexual alienation of the early 60s .
A Single Man still stands as a vivid portrait of life behind a veil , and Firth certainly delivers one of the best performances of the year .
An absurdly ravishing piece of filmmaking .
The film 's presence on the scene punctuates the ongoing issues surrounding the move toward equality for gay couples . The movie does n't define the debate so much as it adds to it . Colin Firth 's performance is a beautiful example of restraint .
The movie seems almost embalmed , but as it turns out , the whiff of formaldehyde is appropriate -- as is the stiffness and joylessness . -LRB- I never imagined watching Julianne Moore twist to ` Green Onions ' could be so grim . -RRB-
If you need traditional story arc and structure , and wear jeans that display your waist size on the exterior , then you might want to try on something from the Michael Bay section .
-LSB- Ford 's -RSB- stark and muffled formalism is another tile in a mosaic that observes that , while death is in all our futures , life is what a person does with what happens to you .
A Single Man has a single thing going for it -- namely , the lead performance given by Colin Firth .
Emotionally engaging , beautifully shot drama with stylish direction from Tom Ford and a terrific central performance from Colin Firth .
Firth gives a strong , layered performance , but the movie leaves him drifting from scene to scene like a disaffected model .
His first time out , Ford has made one of the best films of the year .
In such a thoroughly handsome yet stubbornly unsubtle picture , Firth 's restrained performance is a saving grace .
A Single Man should have been stellar . Instead , it 's just oddly engaging without being emotionally immersive .
A film well worth seeing .
Parental Content Review
Unlike few films I 've seen , A Single Man excellently visualizes what depression feels like .
Exactly the worst case scenario of what pops into your head when you hear the phrase `` movie directed by a fashion designer and gay icon '' .
This movie is the kind of glorious achievement a person ca n't get out of their head , and by the time it was over the only thing I wanted to do was sit right back down in my theater seat and watch it again .
Waking up hurts . Most of us have been there before . Firth is used to playing the reserved , slightly nerdy characters who do n't quite fit in , but now he 's also given an extreme weight to carry .
In this beautifully tailored drama , content and style have as vital a relationship as George and Jim did . The one would be lost without the other .
One of the year 's more satisfying films .
With two of the best performances of the year , a confident visual style , and intellectually challenging themes worthy of coffee house discussion afterward , A Single Man is one of the better films of the season .
It seems that Ford 's fashion sensibility both helps and hinders him . The film is impeccably dressed and photographed , nearly sculpted in its precision . However , the heart is somewhat sterile .
It 's a spruced up ode to unhappiness that remains rooted to the surface , an aesthete 's dream .
Firth plays a drowning man who ca n't yell for help , and it 's an awful thing to see .
The whole movie feels like it 's muted or maybe swaddled in six layers of cashmere .
It is as gorgeous as you would expect , and surprisingly large-hearted .
Built around Firth 's fine work , A Single Man is a handsome film that , like its slender source novel , is stylish , quiet and sure .
How fitting that Firth should carry A Single Man , a movie of quiet but potent emotional power , perfectly suited to his singular gifts .
Ford does n't know when to quit : A Single Man is too beautiful by half ...
Despite its downbeat theme , A Single Man is ultimately optimistic about the human capability to gradually make peace with seemingly insurmountable pain and tragedy .
For in all the bluntness of its visual panache and Firth 's steady performance , the movie adds up to little more than a study in situational irony .
A Single Man is one of the most beautiful things you will set eyes on all year .
Ford luxuriates in the details of his period setting , but the movie rarely gets below the surfaces he has worked so hard to construct .
What 's remarkable is how Firth , with the smallest of gesture or nuance , lets us see this man 's heartbreak without ever letting it burst through his carefully controlled surface .
As Ford 's first film , this story , based on a novel by Christopher Isherwood , must have had special meaning .
It 's good stuff , and a big reason that Firth is a shoo-in for a best-actor nomination this year .
Just about every sequence and flourish and detail in Ford 's film feels and looks right . It is primarily Firth 's triumph . But it is not a solitary one .
For a first-time director , Ford shows masterful restraint with a loaded subject .
There 's a bit of fussiness in some of the art direction , and by the time the third symbolic underwater sequence comes along , it feels a bit much . Still , Colin Firth is absolutely excellent , and deserving of a Best Actor Oscar nomination .
It 's a dirgelike odyssey sparked by Julianne Moore 's overheated turn as George 's best friend -- a welcome respite from Firth 's clenched emoting .
The film is elegant and subtle , restrained and sophisticated .
Thankfully , Julianne Moore 's around to drink and smoke , reminding him that living in '60s America is more fun if you act like Don Draper .
Overtly gorgeous , but gently sad and lovely ; Firth carries George 's invisibility and mourning with grace .
This is a wonderful movie .
In Firth , there is the juxtaposition of the British stiff upper lip cracking with the restraint of snarkiness , silliness , and sentiment ; a quick sardonic wit and sad eyes that yearn for kindness
Requires more than incessant slow-motion and escalating orchestral music to pass as serious drama .
Two characters trying and failing to drown their hopes and regrets , and two strong actors refusing to be tight-laced by a director 's exercise in style : here is a mood piece looking for a fight .
frameable images do n't always make for great sequential cinema
First-time director Tom Ford paints his own portrait of A Single Man almost as if it were a piece of art , beautiful to look at , solitary and still , but with many layers of emotions hidden underneath . It 's a pure gem .
Sleek , sensitive and soulful , saved from Ford 's overtly stylistic , sophisticated elegance by Firth 's sly , subtly engaging portrayal .
There 's enough here , mostly driven by Firth 's Oscar-caliber performance , to make A Single Man worthwhile viewing , if not close to compulsory .
It 's overdirected and slightly precious , but it does capture a very interesting , insulated , interior world for its lead character , George -LRB- Colin Firth -RRB- .
It 's not a particular political bent that makes you fall for George . It 's Firth . This is an unaffected , sincere and very subtle performance , the best of his career ...
Mature drama about loss is visually striking but hollow .
a well-acted and written film , but it 's theme of isolation and loss is muffled by Ford 's elegant good taste .
The film has already won several awards at film festivals , and once you see it , you 'll understand why people are clamoring to see Colin Firth win an Academy Award .
Like the speck of sand that seeds a pearl , it 's the tiny fleck of kitsch at the heart of A Single Man that makes it luminous and treasurable , despite its imperfections .
Fashion designer Tom Ford gets it spectacularly right first time round in his directorial debut .
Designer Tom Ford makes a surprisingly successful leap from the fashion industry to the big screen with A Single Man .
Colin Firth is n't the only reason to see A Single Man , but he 's certainly the best .
-LSB- I -RSB- t is a fact that this intimate drama works as well as it does because Firth is so compelling , so plausible , so heartbreaking ...
While A Single Man has its flaws , many of these fade in view of the performance and the power of Isherwood 's story .
Flirts with greatness , but then punches us in the mouth with a cruel , pointlessly ironic ending -- a misguided attempt at an O. Henry-esque twist .
Wrenching and ravishing . ... An exquisite , almost sensual grief suffuses every frame .
Colin Firth finally leaves Mr. Darcy behind -- and will likely net an Oscar nomination -- with his deeply moving , career-redefining performance as a '60s gay man struggling with death and isolation in A Single Man .
Several diverse currents come together in A Single Man to form a good movie and a great opportunity for actor Colin Firth .
A Single Man is more than a pretty movie . It 's also a careful examination of love , loss and mourning .
We 're always looking for those performances that truly define an actor , where we can sit back and simply watch the talent soar . For Colin Firth , A Single Man is that film .
It 's a quiet and subtle film , one which if embraced has the power to break your heart .
Ford 's images are so meticulously arranged they feel like a perfume commercial .
An intimate drama with a rattling emotional core , a film about loss , despair , redemption , and the little moments in life that make all the heartache worth enduring .
A world-weary college professor hobbled by grief and confused about his own future , discovers the joy and pleasure of small things and magic moments .
A Single Man -- the striking directorial debut from fashion designer Tom Ford -- is so unusually beautiful it would be easy to dismiss it as superficial .
A Single Man proves a film can look and feel like a 99-minute perfume commercial and still register as a poignant meditation on grief , memory , and loss .
-LSB- Director Tom -RSB- Ford 's gorgeously glossy veneer could be viewed as superficial , if he was n't so invested in exploring George 's interior life .
By any accepted measuring of cinematic reality , this should have been something much , more worse
Surprisingly moving ... the style constantly threatens to overwhelm the substance , but winds up contributing to it instead .
Though the deliberate pace can feel slow to glacial at times , the visuals are gorgeous , and the melancholy mood is exquisitely evoked .
A disappointing third act for Single Man , but it 's a wound that does n't last for very long . There 's still so much cinematographic and thespian splendor to gorge on here ; the anticlimactic finale barely dents the beguiling mood .
A Single Man , un film de Tom Ford , is all art and no direction -- it 's a picture made up of visual choices with almost no filmmaking sandwiched between .
In the way that Lee Daniels transcended race with Precious , Mr. Gucci has told a story where you can leave your politics at the concession stand . This is the year of films going outside of the social box .
While it 's impossible to deny the artistic intent of Ford 's cinematic compositions , his style erects an emotional barrier between the central character and the audience , resulting in a pace that is at times sluggish .
Colin Firth is devastating as a gay prof contemplating suicide , though fashionista Tom Ford 's movie suffers when the first-time director gets swept away in the art direction .
This is the first movie directed by Tom Ford , the former fashion designer , and he proves a born filmmaker with a rapturous eye .
It is the year 's most subtle movie acting and the finest performance of Firth 's career .
No more than 10 minutes in , the movie already has the feel of an exquisitely preserved corpse laid out for viewing .
As a movie , it has all the life of a boxed pink taffeta sample at Bergdorf that never leaves the stockroom .
Ford is a true visionary , but it 's his humanity that gives the love story a ravishing , bruised grandeur .
A beautiful-looking film , very poignant and moving , showing Ford to be a real filmmaker and not some flash in the pan trying his hand at a new medium .
One of the year 's most moving performances % u2013 by Colin Firth % u2013 set against what appears to be one long perfume commercial from the early 1990s .
For a gentle man who 's lost his love , solitude has become a life sentence that simply must end . Firth makes that ache subtly , splendidly visible .
Fashion designer Tom Ford establishes himself as a filmmaker to celebrate from the very first sequence of his artfully constructed , heartfelt adaptation of Christopher Isherwood 's 1964 novel A Single Man .
In A Single Man , his debut effort as film director , fashion designer Tom Ford seems determined to err not on the side of caution , but on that of aesthetic overload instead .
A serious work that makes one question Tennyson 's belief that '' 't is better to have loved and lost / Than never to have loved at all . '
Fashion designer Tom Ford makes a credible filmmaking debut .
The movie has a hushed , sensual intensity and formal elegance that leaves no doubt Ford knows what he 's doing behind the camera .
Not only one of the best films of 2009 , but one of the best gay-themed films ever ... The most authentically detailed period film since 2002 's `` Far from Heaven ''
Every frame in this film is visual perfection , capturing settings and characters with artistry that packs a real wallop
For better or worse -LRB- worse , if you ask me -RRB- , A Single Man is precisely what you 'd expect from fashion designer Tom Ford
Fashion designer Tom Ford makes a stylishly elegant debut with his effective adaptation of Isherwood 's seminal , stream-of-consciousness tale of love and loss , featuring Colin Firth in a multi-nuanced , tonally perfect Oscar-caliber turn .
The clothes , the cars , the furniture -- Los Angeles of the early '60s offers Ford a chance to be gleefully fetishistic about his set pieces , embracing a moment when modern design had reached an undeniable apex . Falconer lives in a glass-and-timber Neutra -
... ultimately packs a far greater emotional punch than one might 've originally anticipated .




@highlight

Though the costumes are beautiful and the art direction impeccable , what stands out most from this debut by fashion designer Tom Ford is the leading performance by Colin Firth .