There 's a bit of tonal problem with this bundled blockbuster .
The movie is hurt more than helped by having to carry over character names and shoehorn in the show 's greatest hits , Carell and Hathaway 's rhythm faltering with every recycled catchphrase .
In a year where even Ghost Rider gets a sequel , Get Smart makes you actually want one .
For anyone who entertained hopes for Get Smart and has not been entertained back , the film 's main fault will lie in its wobbly translation .
Get Smart certainly has its moments , but suffers badly from an inability to balance the surreal humor and life-threatening terrorist threat .
There 's enough packed in there to warrant a viewing if you fancy a bit of fun .
Get Smart is a nice afternoon diversion . There are no big laughs to be had , no matter how hard it tries , but there are lots and lots of chuckles , and that 's probably good enough .
The hostile repartee between the characters is as ungainly as director Peter Segal 's lumbering action sequences
It has at least five undeniable laughs .
While I think ultimately this film is unnecessary , it 's still fairly entertaining and it 's certainly better than the recent Pink Panther reboot with Steve Martin .
The term laugh-a-minute is a bit hackneyed for my taste , and Get Smart comes closer to several laughs-a-minute .
What do dithering tv weathermen do when they retire ? They must take their lame , witless banter and their awkward timing to Hollywood to write and direct movies . That might explain Get Smart , one of the latest in a long line of humid , mediocre , tire
... a manufactured piece of work that 's been geared towards the lowest common denominator .
Without Anne Hathaway , Get Smart might have been a one-note comedy ; with her , it 's super spirited and super fun .
Not funny outrageous or funny gross , but funny cute , funny nice , funny mild .
The movie is a time-killer without a killer instinct .
Smart summer entertainment that retains the likeability and wit of its source material but brings it into the 21st century with a perfectly cast Steve Carell .
Get Smart is happy enough to play for straight laughs rather than truly subversive wit .
The stage is clearly set for a sequel , but God help them if they stuff that movie with even more clutter than they stuffed into this one .
You 'll have a better time if you do n't expect this re-imagined work to resemble the original . The phone shoe does fit Carell , and he wears it well .
A dumbed-down version of a belovedly lowbrow 1960s TV series .
As a reworking of one of the great 1960s TV comedies , you 'd think being funny would be its main goal . But you would be wrong . Very , very wrong .
It 's a trailer .
The film does n't have the sharp hysteria of the series , and it gets a bit over-serious at times . But it 's still a thoroughly entertaining film with terrific characters all its own .
An uninspired comedy that runs the full gamut from characters being punched in the groin/face to being shot in the face/groin , until everything culminates in an expensively pointless action finale .
We sit back and wait for the laughs . Which come pretty slow and infrequent , though Carell does his straight-faced best to act out the A-Z of Hilarious .
The film is about as funny as a 3 am cold call , and if you are a critic you can not slam down the phone before you have heard it out .
Get Smart wo n't change the world but it is the most fun movie out this weekend .
The picture works best as a comedy , and early on it 's consistently amusing , with a refreshingly witty script and skilful actors in Carell , Arkin and , more surprisingly , Johnson , to put across the verbal and sight gags with brio .
Stunts , gadgets and Bill Murray in a tree : Get Smart hurls everything at the screen in the hope it 'll stick . Shame all the money went on the dopey action finale instead of some halfway witty gags and a decent script .
Yet while it 's as novel as a second-hand ejector seat and hits the groin more often than the funnybone , Get Smart still registers enough clicks on the giggle counter to make its mission passable .
Steve Carell is reliably funny as an accident-prone special agent in Get Smart , but he 's funny on his own here - without a good script or a zingy supporting cast to help him along .
This is a spy comedy which seems entirely unaware of the new genre of Jack Bauer or Jason Bourne , and instead looks more like a Roger Moore-era 007 knockoff .
Peter Segal 's film is only occasionally funny .
From this distance it looks like a rejected chapter from the Naked Gun franchise , and infinitely more wooden .
If you really want to get smart , you 'll avoid this tiresome time-waster like the proverbial plague .
Overall this is a limp parade of recycled gags and gadgets : an action movie with no surprises and a comedy with nothing like enough laughs .
Despite a plot that should be simpler , Get Smart is as big on action as it is on laughs and works because it 's less a tired spoof and more a quality comedic adventure movie in its own right .
Hiring 50-year-old Madonna to sing out Get Smart 's end credits is a nice touch - given the film is one long joke almost as old as the Queen of Pop herself .
Entertaining , smartly acted spy comedy that delivers thrills and laughs in equal measure , while throwing in enough material to keep fans of the TV series happy .
A film with great flair . Another hit for Carell and a great summer hit for all that is a must see !!
A slight positive check mark in the history of television adaptations .
I often wondered if the filmmakers were n't trying to fix something that is n't broken .
Offering a little bit of everything but not quite enough of any one thing , Get Smart is a likable jumble of genres that would have benefited from being less ambitious .
A must-see for fans of Carell . No classic here but not an embarrassment either .
Oh thank heaven Get Smart is funny . It 's a genuine easy-going , whiz-bang spy comedy with the comedy trimmings .
Much like Peter Sellers did in the '60s , and Jim Carrey in the '90s , Carell uses a savvy , comedic intelligence that befits today 's entertainment world .
A mess with no clear idea , not quite salvaged by some very charasmatic actors .
You ca n't go home again , but giving an old favorite a new spin around the block is n't so bad .
Uma ótima releitura da série de tevê , o filme traz Carell em momento inspiradíssimo .
This comedy does not need to `` Get Smart ; '' it is smart .
These amiable actors elevate what may otherwise have been a rather ordinary exercise in nostalgia .
Which words describe this movie version of one of the funniest television shows ever made ? Terrible , puerile and a travesty are close , but not angry enough .
Una comedia de acción irregular aunque pasable , que no llega ni por asomo al ingenio de la serie original pero que se puede ver gracias a Steve Carell .
The Aughties equivalent of the Dan Aykroyd/Tom Hanks stab at Dragnet .
Hollywood has no idea what to do with Steve Carell .
Another pop-culture icon lazily mined for ready cash . Mission accomplished .
Even if you 've never watched the TV show in your life , you 'll have the nagging feeling that you 've seen it all before .
Its sin is that it does n't live up to expectations and is unsure as to how to bridge the gap between the T.V. show 's Cold War sensibility and today 's terrorist paranoia
I actually sort of liked this .
It acts like most comedies these days . When it 's funny , it 's actually really funny . And when it 's stupid , it 's actually really , really stupid .
Yes , there are a lot of us baby boomers who will want to see `` Get Smart '' for the nostalgia factor.And a lot of us will wish we 'd watched re-runs instead .
Yes , there are a few laughs to be had here and there , but the filmmakers unfortunately did n't follow the advice of the title in making sure this big screen update was smart enough to warrant its existence
I kept wanting something more from this pleasant enough flick .
`` Get Smart '' largely sinks because it 's an `` action comedy '' in which neither the action nor the comedy particularly works .
In between all the gags and all the action scenes , there 's an identifiable human element at work , and this empathy prevents this from being just another big , dumb summer comedy .
Maxwell Smart is back with a vengeance . Although this vintage Mel Brooks shtick will mean a lot more to those who saw it first hand in the 1960s , it is still headed for one of the top notches in the usually doggy summer film season .
A pleasingly drowsy summer action comedy .
An affable pile-up of action-comedy climaxes .
It is , as of right now , my favorite film of the Summer .
If there is anything that will save Get Smart from the same mindless fate as the rest of director Peter Segal 's blandly funny oeuvre , it 's the presence of Steve Carell .
In the land of bad comedies -- which this summer truly seems to be -- its serviceable workmanship reigns supreme .
The Producers got smart with Get Smart would you believe , and with good reason . They decided to give the audience what it wants .
Considering the talent involved , it 's a shame that Get Smart is n't just a tad bit -- well , smarter .
-LSB- S -RSB- o few movies make me laugh out loud , and I did do that more than once with this one , and that 's reason for a minor celebration ...
After four decades of technological improvements , the Cone of Silence still does n't work , but Get Smart still does - mostly .
One of the more pleasant surprises of the year .
The erstwhile 40-year-old virgin proves he 's a major comedy star , with a true gift for silly slapstick that remains grounded in a recognizably vulnerable way .
... an uneasy amalgam of slapstick comedy , half-hearted romance and , most desperately , rampaging action .
In ` Get Smart , ' Steve Carell does n't do anything to acknowledge Don Adams or make the Maxwell Smart role his own .
Perhaps if the action sequences were more skillfully woven into the proceedings , we 'd get less of a sense that they 're included solely as a means of satisfying the summer blockbuster crowd .
Just good enough to make you wish it was a lot better .
This retro-espionage spoof is more giggles than satirical grit , and simply lacks the comic punch and charisma , along with the pungent Cold War flavor of the times that energized the original .
Get Smart got stupid .
It all works because it is heartfelt and fun . They are sincere about this , not condescending to the masses . They even have the most sensitive fat joke I 've ever seen . Even a pee joke is funny because it 's Steve Carell doing a pee joke .
It wisely does n't try to duplicate the orginal series , but it retains much of its flavor .
... -LRB- after -RRB- Adams ' well-meaning but inept Maxwell Smart ... it 's interesting to watch -LRB- Carell 's -RRB- well-meaning but capable Maxwell Smart overcome both adversity and absurdity .
Is it too late to go back and make the whole thing about Bill Murray in that tree ?
The main problem with this remake is that it does n't know if it wants to imitate the style of the original show or break free and create something wholly its own . The result is an awkward straddling of the two .
A mishmash ... looking more like a Roger Moore Bond parody . There are numerous airplane stunt sequences , explosions and gunfights ... -LRB- that -RRB- fatally bleed the character-driven humor of the original series .
This is not your father 's Get Smart ; it is a revved up , turbo-charged version for the silver screen that appeals directly to the younger age cohort .
In terms of reaching a 21st century audience , Get Smart was about as good as it could be .
Silly without being stupid
The success of the TV series was due to the brilliance of Don Adams , Barbara Feldon , and Edward Platt . Carrell , Hathaway , and Arkin miss the mark by miles .
Far from the MENSA candidate it should have been . In spite of its appealing leads , `` Get Smart '' is consistently led down by a bum script .
The smartest thing about the movie is the way Alan Arkin and Terence Stamp inject a little bit of that 1960 's spirit .
Get Smart is likable and very funny -- at least a two-to-one ratio of excellent gags to clunkers -- but it 's not , for better or worse , Get Smart .
... a Get Smart for the big screen : a feature length spy spoof with up-to-date gags , some thrilling stunts , and a top-notch cast .
It 's not going to redefine comedy as we know it , but it 's amusing and briskly paced , busy with an engaging mix of supporting actors .
The amiable deadpan comic Steve Carell was a good choice to take the part of the inept agent that stand-up comedian Don Adams played .
Get Smart is an example of getting the right actors and taking the right approach ... It gave me one of the most fun times I 've had at the movies all year .
Along with ` Speed Racer , ' ` Get Smart ' is the movie adaptation of a TV-show that nobody was particularly waiting for .
The popular deadpan comedian -LRB- Carell -RRB- is only funny about 60 percent of the time.Would you believe 50 percent ?
Written and directed with efficiency , cheer , and a refreshing lack of look-how-meta-clever-we-are egotism , the movie references just enough of the original touchstones and punchlines to please those who lived it the first time .
Combining dull action-movie elements , badly cast movie stars and an uncomfortable romance , Get Smart has forgotten all about its TV roots and most of the humor . Steve Carell is clearly not up to the challenge of filling Don Adams ' phone shoe .
Carell draws laughs because he stays true to the character . He is self-deprecating as he throws himself into every gag .
Chipper , energetic and unimaginatively plotted re-do .
Missed it by that much . Not that anybody will pay much attention to the many ways in which the new big-screen Get Smart plays dumb -- and fails to capture the delirious slapstick lunacy of its small-screen inspiration .
A movie without a context , as useless as a shoe phone in an iPhone era .
The humor in Get Smart is more likely to make you smile or snicker rather than laugh out loud .
Rather than the laugh a minute promised by old comedies , Get Smart generates approximately one laugh per hour , and I ca n't remember either one .
It 's a light , silly instantly forgettable comedy peppered with action set-pieces and affectionate nods to its fondly remembered predecessor .
You can not expect a bunch of vacationing kids to remember , let alone revere , a cheeky little TV half hour that entertained the old folks almost a half century ago .
Although it 's ideally cast and consistently semi-amusing , Get Smart takes its cue from the wishy-washy lead character .
The big-screen Get Smart aspires to being an action movie . Big mistake . But raising Maxwell Smart 's IQ ? And transforming him into a post-20th century sensitive guy ? Even bigger mistakes .
Despite what seemed -LRB- in the trailers , at least -RRB- like inspired casting of Steve Carell , the perpetrators of Get Smart almost entirely miss what made the Cold War TV spy comedy funny .
Remaking Get Smart for the big screen might have sounded like a bad idea , but the movie shows it to have been something else : a really bad idea .
Get Smart could have been smarter . But like the show that inspired it , it 's still smarter than it looks .
A washout plot places the emphasis , by default , on the film 's uneven action sequences and the faulty chemistry between Carell and Anne Hathaway .
Surely after the Speed Racer fiasco , Warner Brothers was ready to say ` sayonara ' to lame 1960s TV adaptations . But plainly there was n't time for the studio to , ahem , Get Smart about that .
Is it catastrophic ? No . But in a summer of pretty decent action movies , it 's a paltry treat indeed .
It has the old lines , and the funky props that fans remember . But it also has some decent new ideas , too . And thanks to Steve Carell and Anne Hathaway , a bit of a new vibe .
Would you believe the new version of the '60s spy spoof Get Smart , starring Steve Carell , is n't awful -- like almost all TV-to-movie transfers -- but instead , that it 's actually pretty funny -LRB- if overlong and overproduced -RRB- ?
Although Carell is never less than likable , he 's funnier in any random scene of The Office . Here 's hoping some misguided team does n't try to turn that series into a quick grab at box-office bucks 40 years from now .
It 's a movie that spoofs intelligence in the most unintelligent way possible and stretches the boundaries of plot-free filmmaking into frontiers until now explored only by former cast members of Saturday Night Live .
All this plays like a pale retread of a Mission : Impossible script . Which would be fine if Get Smart were actually funny .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Peter Segal smoothly transitions between slapstick , banter and stunt-work .
Steve Carell is square-jawed-deadpan perfect as the title character .
A little more unabashed silliness might have made Get Smart a better movie . As is it 's a chuckly comfort-food film that you neither love nor hate , serviceable fare for a warm summer daze .
By movie 's end , we can imagine spending some more time with Agents 86 and 99 , and liking it .
Instead of the show 's wacky , slapstick tone , Get Smart presents itself as an action-filled spy movie that just happens to be really funny . And for the most part , it succeeds .
Get Smart needed to be a lot smarter . And funnier . The movie stands as proof yet again that hit television series do not make for good movies .
Get Smart , version 2008 , surrounds skilled , likable players , and a handful of solid belly laughs with $ 80 million worth of formulaic summer-movie mediocrity . A lot of things explode , but the movie never detonates .
Per the latest intelligence report : For a grown-up summer comedy , Get Smart gets merely a passing grade .
The truth is that Get Smart is one of the year 's sharper comedies , and if it contains any WMDs , that stands for ` wit of major delight . '
Dedicating this film to Don Adams is like killing seeing-eye dogs as tribute to the American Council of the Blind . Lest insults not be spread to the deaf , it 's cruel irony that Beethoven 's `` Ode to Joy '' is an integral part of a dreary , dismal and soulless
Get Smart is n't funny . And the action scenes are n't thrilling enough to make up for the lack of laughter .
Retains the likeability and wit of its source material but brings it into the 21st century .
Get Smart has it all - the Cone of Silence , the shoe phone , the familiar one-liners . But the re-imagined Maxwell Smart is n't nearly as funny as the original .
For the most part , this Steve Carrell/Anne Hathaway vehicle was a relatively smooth ride , and those looking for a catastrophe are n't going to find it here .
Get Smart manages to combine slapstick , wit , action , and a bit of romance in a package that will leave you smiling even after you leave the theater .
Get Smart makes rudimentary efforts to update , with passing references to terrorists , profiling , and inter-agency competition .
Wait until you see the look of chagrin on Carell 's face when he holds a shoe phone to his ear .
Get Smart may share a name and concept with the iconic 1960s television series , but beyond that , this frivolous and unamusing mess so mangles its source material that it does n't deserve to be called an homage .
Get Smart is made up of feeble and funny jokes , brand actors and enough special effects to give you some bang for your summertime buck .
It 's funny , exciting , preposterous , great to look at , and made with the same level of technical expertise we 'd expect from a new Bond movie itself . And all of that is very nice , but nicer still is the perfect pitch of the casting .
The new Get Smart does n't miss it by that much .
Silly and fun , but not quite mission accomplished .
Carrell delivers a winning performance in the summer 's first must-see comedy `` Get Smart '' and one of the best TV-to-film efforts yet .
In a current comedy climate where such scant superficiality just wo n't cut it , Get Smart is nothing but shallow .
`` Get Smart '' offers some pleasing homages to its predecessor and an adequate amount of laughs . But what the feature sorely needed was more chaos and less control .
A feature-length elaboration on its own hilarious trailer .
Get Smart features near-perfect casting with Steve Carell and Anne Hathaway , and it largely captures the spirit of the original show . But it 's just not funny .
If you can look past the formulaic plot , predictable jokes and sometimes awkward chemistry , you will find yourself slapping your knee a couple of times during the film .
The main characters themselves -- Max and Agent 99 -- and their relationship receive a rather disappointing stock treatment that lacks creativity .
However , while it may not be particularly original or inspired , it does contain the one ingredient that has been largely missing from most American comedies of late -- actual laughs -- and it provides enough of those to make it worth a look .
Carell fills the shoes of Don Adams with great talent , and proves himself to be much less the clumsy idiot than I remember from the old show .
Carell delivers the laughs
... an awkward amalgamation of well played characters working with wildly uneven material that references newer films like `` Point Break '' and `` Entrapment '' as much as the original series .
A spunky and delightfully silly screen adaptation of the classic-cult television series .
It shrewdly tweaks the original , making Smart smarter and more capable and ramping up the action , and the result is a refreshingly entertaining summer popcorn movie .
It ca n't decide whether it wants to be a thrilling action movie or a quirky comic spoof . The elements seem in conflict , rather than seamlessly blended .
An unwieldy spoof-thriller of clashing styles that undermine each other like a parade of double agents .
Ultimately , Get Smart succeeds as a tribute to the original series and as a funny movie in its own right .
No knockout , but Carell wins on a rock-solid technicality -- he 's funny .
With comic resources like this , Get Smart should have been a hoot , not just satisfactory . Missed it by that much .
Segal certainly has great ideas for bullet-dodging set-pieces , but the picture indulges mayhem much too often , inadvertently handicapping Carell and the cast .
Get Smart is like overripe , low-hanging fruit . Not being rotten does n't make it edible .
In updating a beloved TV show , the filmmakers have gone out of their way to excise everything that was fun about it .
Though these adaptations usually produce horrific results , Get Smart is a cut above thanks to some fun performances and preposterously entertaining action .
Consistently entertaining , the movie turned out to be much better than the excessively silly 1965 television series upon which it is based .
-LSB- I -RSB- f director Peter Segal and writers Tom J. Astle and Matt Ember did n't want Maxwell Smart to be a bumbling boob , fine , but they have n't given him much of a personality to substitute for the old one .
To really do its source material justice , Get Smart needed to get a whole lot smarter .
Steve Carell is still searching for the knockout role that fits , but Smart 's suits come yards closer than Bruce 's almighty robes .
A spy comedy that is n't clever enough to get many chuckles and is n't over-the-top enough to work as prime lampoonery . It 's dull , forgettable and uninspired .
As I say : darned funny ! Weightless as froth , forgettable as dew , but pretty darned funny .
A smart update , with a hero who has transformed his humiliations and frailties into , of all things , maturity and empathy .
All that 's missing is the spirit and the anarchic humor of the sitcom created by Mel Brooks and Buck Henry . The result is an overdressed , carefully stitched scarecrow of a comedy .
Despite its classic-TV pedigree , Get Smart is just another big , dumb summer movie and should have heeded its title 's advice .
Missed it by that much . Actually , the new version of Get Smart misses by a fair-size margin . It 's too bad . It 's just trying to give us a good time at the retroplex .
Missed it by that much .
... if the shade of the late Don Adams will forgive me for saying it , the original Get Smart should have been this good .
It might have worked had Get Smart simply dropped Carell into Don Adams ' tapered suit . For the big screen , though , writers have tried to pump Max up and flesh him out , giving him a backstory that makes him more dimensional but somehow less appealing .
Get Smart does all it can to please ; thanks mostly to Carell , it just barely succeeds .
The track record for movies based on old TV shows has n't been pretty ... Happily , the new movie Get Smart survives the transition , maybe not with flying colors but at least with a respectable amount of wind in its sails .
Get Smart is by no means a great movie . Would you believe ... a good movie ? Would you believe ... a passable couple of hours with a decent laugh thrown in here and there ?
For the summer months , it 'll do nicely , and we can all thank our lucky stars that we get Steve Carell as Maxwell Smart ...
While Steve Carell is a natural as secret agent Maxwell Smart , pairing him with 20 years younger Anne Hathaway is a major miscalculation . And the humor just misses by THAT much .
The catchphrases remain , but the love is gone .
Get Smart might be funny to a 10-year-old but adults need smarter humor .
Suffers from unfortunate delusions of being an action movie that quickly overtake its potential as a comedy .
... a film that would make creators Buck Henry and Mel Brooks shout into their shoe phones with joy !
You should n't make time to see it , but if you wander in you wo n't be irate .
Get Smart is sort of mildly amusing , and if you were a fan of the original series you might love it , but a lot of the jokes are weak .
Carell 's wacky presence uplifts the modern-day gizmo-crazed Smart to a passable parade of pure inspired silliness that pays adequate homage to the iconic TV series .
Get Smart tempts one toward the cynical thought that summer entertainment is deliberately meaningless . Should Hollywood ever grow up , Carrell and Hathaway would be ideal for another remake : God forbid it 's TV 's Moonlighting , but how about The Thin Man ?
Smart 's enthusiasm and core goodness holds an appeal no superb assassinatrix can ignore . With that , the mission to accomplish hilarity at the expense of action drama pays off .
Uses the old show merely as a springboard for a fairly conventional comedy-action movie that 's louder , more frenetic and , ultimately , dumber .
This is one instance when a TV series-based movie rewards nostalgia without demanding it . Get Smart is funny enough in its own right to attract younger viewers while paying homage to its 40-year old predecessor .
Purists may be disappointed , but I must admit that the film is nevertheless a lot of fun .
Get Smart , which began its life on TV as a classic sitcom that cleverly satirized Cold War espionage , has been transformed for the big screen into just another standard action picture .
A succession of tepid gags tethered by a flimsy narrative .
Frantic action with about as much verbal wit as found in ` The Love Guru ' -LRB- not a compliment -RRB- .
I did n't mind the movie , though many of its effects struck me as laboriously overproduced .
Get Smart works well enough on a surface level to get a lot of laughs . What else do you want ? It 's a comedy .
I challenge anyone to stifle the snickers and not laugh a lot during this hilarious action-packed take on the '60s show .
A pleasant surprise .
One of the better TV adaptations to come along in recent years .
Carell is quite likable at times , but for the most part , this is just a safe , mediocre comedy that is n't good enough for the summer movie season .
Breezy summer fun .
In this distressingly generic spy spoof , it 's not Maxwell who 's clueless , but the filmmakers .
This is a slap-dash effort whose producers threw money and stunts onscreen instead of the satirical gags and one-liners that made the old spy spoof so memorable .
Carell is charming as the nerd spy who wants to fight and there are goofy moments , even if the film struggles to maintain balance between its comedic and action elements , between paying homage to the iconic TV show and bringing a fresh contemporary angle
Although its chemistry never gels , Get Smart pulls off a sufficient number of goofy action set pieces to earn its entertainment value .
A lot of the comedy seems to have been lost in the translation .



@highlight

Get Smart rides Steve Carell 's considerable charm for a few laughs , but in the end is a rather ordinary Summer comedy .