Even if you have seen all the other Holocaust documentaries or visited the memorial museums , there is still more to be learned here about Auschwitz and post-war Germany .
The filmmakers want to cover all aspects of the individuals involved and the film sometimes digresses into side cases . Yet , as history goes , it is hard to present such an important event without showing the monumental evidence .
This exceptional film shows us the lower-echelon henchmen , the ones who enabled the master-racists .
-LSB- A -RSB- scrupulous , haunting and necessary documentary .
Not a pleasure to watch , but informative & successful at detailing an event that is quite well known , but perhaps not well enough felt & feared by those not directly affected .
Valuable and instructive as it is , Verdict on Auschwitz can sometimes be so focused on the details it fails to show us the forest for the trees .
... filmmakers Rolf Bickel and Dietrich Wagner provide a deconstruction of the mechanics of life at Auschwitz so exhaustive , it would make Claude Lanzmann proud .
Verdict on Auschwitz not only tracks the 20-month trial but meticulously re-creates it .
This damning documentary serves as a sobering , if painful reminder of one of the most shameful chapters in human history .
A monumental achievement .
Relying heavily on audiotapes from the trial , this documentary conveys the horrors of the Holocaust in a way even the best Hollywood movies ca n't .
... in the wake of the sectarian lynching that was the execution of Saddam Hussein , a film like Verdict on Auschwitz takes on a particularly strident aura of necessity .
A fascinating reflection on Germany 's ongoing attempts to come to terms with its past .
As both historical document and human document , this 180-minute epic is infinitely valuable .
That our fascination with mostly recorded words can be successfully sustained for three hours is a tribute to the fine work by filmmakers Rolf Bickel and Dietrich Wagner .
A monumental , powerful achievement .
Verdict on Auschwitz similarly juxtaposes archival footage and postwar material -LRB- both 1963 and 1993 -RRB- to produce shocking eruptions of past atrocities in the context of an orderly everyday Europe .
You hear the note of disbelief in the trembling voices of survivors , and the absence of emotion in the tones of the accused -- men locked in a denial that seems as much pathological as self-serving .

@highlight

Using audiotapes from the Auschwitz Trail , intermixed with archival footage and photographs , Verdict on Auschwitz is an illuminating historical document and a damning indictment of the people who perpetuated those horrors .