We can be straight up that The Foreigner is n't breaking new ground here , however , the movie does bear some unique fruit .
Two movies in one . The first catches interest , the second is flat and predictable . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Marveling at the strangeness of it all , I was nevertheless engaged .
I really liked Jackie Chan 's performance . He actually hits an emotional chord in this one . I liked the revenge tale and the political story , but the two did n't merge well .
Wildly outdated and unreasonably dense , `` The Foreigner '' is not my idea of a good time .
The Foreigner ends up developing a sharp and interesting idea . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
... the way it treats its female characters is questionable , but apart from that , -LSB- The Foreigner -RSB- is an above-average thriller ; intense , smart and intriguing . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
A good vengeance thriller without flourishes or concessions . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The story itself is the least important . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The Foreigner could 've used less of Brosnan 's bombast , frankly , and more of the mysterious Mr. Quan , but this dark-edged little razor blade of a film is ultimately a satisfying comeback for Chan . More , please .
The scene in which Chan beats up David Pearse and Michael McElhatton through three floors of a Belfast B&B in itself justifies your attention .
A great allegory for what the world needs : a man to face a totally corrupt system ... and who better than Jackie Chan . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
With its mixture of action and political corruption , the plot becomes more complicated than it should be with improbable situations , but Chan succeeds ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Jackie Chan finally gets to play a dramatic character that suits his advancing years .
Go along with Jackie with this ride . He may not come out as a super hero always , in every scene , but its heartening to watch him try .
Full of thrilling action and hand to hand combat but offers up a more emotionally tuned Jackie Chan than we are accustomed to seeing .
An almost egregiously erratic thriller ...
Comes across less like the tense , character-driven page-turner you really want to see , and more like your dad 's beach read that got all corroded in the hot sun and saltwater .
Too much IRA inside baseball and not enough Jackie Chan charisma makes The Foreigner a dull boy .
The Foreigner never sacrifices its own logic for a cheap thrill .
The action here , both with and without Chan , is outstandingly staged , with much credit needing to go to director Campbell , who also helmed Brosnan 's debut as James Bond in `` Goldeneye '' as well as Daniel Craig 's amazing Bond reboot `` Casino Royale . ''
You 'll see a different side of Jackie Chan in `` The Foreigner . ''
It 's a welcome surprise that Jackie Chan 's return to action films is also one of the best suspense dramas this year . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Frantic , fast-paced and filled with violence , particularly against women .
The Foreigner ultimately plays like two half-baked thrillers sautéed into one .
-LSB- An -RSB- exceptionally well-made if somber thriller ... -LSB- The Foreigner -RSB- is a showcase for a retirement age Chan , who clearly has no designs on retirement .
Throughout all this , -LSB- Jackie -RSB- Chan plays a character we 've seldom seen . A quiet man , his Quan is at first composed and careful , then grief-stricken and finally grimly determined . Even then , he is no Rambo .
Chan spends most of the second half of the film off-screen , so Brosnan emerges as the true lead of The Foreigner , anchoring a cluttered plot that serves the usual pro-torture , pro-surveillance , anti-rights and anti-woman agendas .
The Foreigner is n't a great film , but it 's an interesting one for all its mediocrity . That 's because -LSB- Jackie -RSB- Chan made it on a very particular personality .
Martin Campbell directed this twisty , bracing political thriller , giving Chan room to display his dramatic ability and letting Brosnan flesh out a vigorous , complex character who 's surrounded by frenemies with secrets of their own .
Chan is perfectly fine as a man who feels he has nothing to lose , but his hollowed-out gaze and Death Wish-style crusade ca n't compensate for how numbingly thin this all is , stringing together just enough plot to justify the eruptions of violence .
The problem with `` The Foreigner '' is that , quite surprisingly , there is n't enough Jackie Chan . At some point , Chan 's Quan disappears and Irish/British politics take over .
Due to its seen-it-all-before premise , this no-frills action-thriller is as old school as this kind of fare can be .
Chan often feels like a visitor in his own film , and the script attempts some plot pirouettes that do n't always flow gracefully . Yet overall , The Foreigner proves to be a respectable example of a thinking person 's action flick .
The Foreigner does n't break the mold , but it never tries to - and does n't need to .
The movie is at its best when it 's keeping things simple , specifically with the game of cat and mouse that plays out between Pierce Brosnan and Jackie Chan .
` The Foreigner ' is a somber and violent feature that shows the deadly consequences of violent extremism .
It 's well-made , nicely paced and accomplishes what we expect from this sort of film .
Chan 's acting and that of Brosnan is a great change of pace in a film that 's a nice change of pace from the average action-thriller .
The Foreigner is a good , lean cut of meat-in other words , a typical Martin Campbell movie , expeditious and cold-blooded in its cross-cut , cloak-and-dagger plotting and violence .
For once , Chan is n't the most incomprehensible thing in one of his movies .
The film tries pretty halfheartedly to make us sympathize with Chan 's character , who is n't given many lines to show off his signature charisma , yet he 's clearly the one we should be rooting for .
With a little perspective , Campbell 's film feels like a flawed product that could n't quite realize its potential .
Chan is a solid , sad centre for the film , and the casting works because , even if the joy is n't there , you love him anyway - even if you may be riding on the slipstream of his glorious cinematic past .
I 'm not sure anyone has plans to turn this into a franchise , but I certainly want to see more from this Chan-aissance .
This movie works , and even if it does n't quite succeed on all levels , from an overall entertainment perspective there 's very little negative that I can say .
Third act has more -LSB- Pierce -RSB- Brosnan yelling but some decent , if not dazzling , -LSB- Jackie -RSB- Chan action ; he 's old but still super , evidently .
This thriller casts Chan in a bracing , dynamic role but then wastes that potential as the story sidelines him , focusing instead on other characters in rooms explaining the plot to each other .
Great fun . Jackie Chan goes Rambo on Irish terrorists with help from Martin Campbell and Pierce Brosnan .
Chan ... remains a likeable everyman hero type that the audience roots as he navigates his world through a labyrinth of violence and betrayal .
Jackie 's back in town and it 's nice to see him in something that is n't so campy . The Foreigner is actually at the other extreme - it 's serious to a fault .
This narrative splice job simply does n't hold together . Call it a taut mess or a hot mess , take your pick .
Chan may still be figuring out what he can and ca n't do in his old age . But dreck like The Foreigner should be swiftly crossed off his bucket list , and never revisited .
-LSB- Jackie -RSB- Chan nails it , for the most part , portraying an angry father seeking retribution after the death of his daughter ... The problem with the movie is everything else .
You 've seen plenty of both Chan and Brosnan , but never like this .
An IRA thriller misleadingly packaged as Jackie Chan meets Taken .
The intrigue is high and the action is furious , but a sort of meta subplot is also at work : Sextagenerian action-film hero Chan against onetime 007er Brosnan .
Feels as if a writer tossed a few darts at a board labeled with aging action stars and various terrorist groups to construct a script . Jackie Chan vs. the Irish Republican Army ? That could work .
There 's not enough substance here to make its overall dreariness worth it .
The whole package winds up as a hard-boiled entertainment that 's not afraid to strike at point-blank range .
The IRA-flavored Death Wish remake we did n't know we needed .
There is still some subversive satisfaction in watching a `` foreigner '' rip homegrown terrorists a new one .
The Foreigner uses the talents of both Jackie Chan and Pierce Brosnan quite well , turning the well-worn personas of both actors on their heads .
... given the leads - it 's James Bond meeting Supercop , after all - it 's hard not to wish for a little more .
No ticket-buying constituency is likely to feel well-served by The Foreigner , a chilly marriage of political thriller and latter-day Liam Neeson-style geriatric revenge-o-rama .
The Foreigner gives us a new look at Chan , which is worth something .
In many respects a fairly conventional paternal revenge movie , gussied up with some oddly anachronistic political machinations , but it 's well-made and offers its stars some chances to shine .
feels like a throwback to a different time and place updated to avoid any complaint about political correctness
Even overlooking its fictionalized account of an inexplicable political resurgence , the film falters in its needlessly convoluted plotting .
It 's the type of action movie that just feels dated and not in a fun way either .
A rare dramatic role from Chan , but that 's not enough to recommend this dull action-thriller .
lack of focus tends to hurt the film more than help it , and while It 's good to see Chan trying something slightly different for an international audience , he does n't surrender himself to the possibilities of the story .
By the hour mark , it becomes abundantly clear why this film was made : Jackie Chan wanted it to happen . Everyone else is fairly disposable .
Though all the requisite action scenes are here he navigates the story in an intelligent direction that reminds of some of the more accomplished films in this genre .
The Foreigner may have been shot before the most recent rash of violence , but it 's still too disposable to be this disturbing .
-LSB- Jackie -RSB- Chan is hands down the best part of The Foreigner , ably portraying a sense of quiet grief and anger that is touching and all too human .
Someone has finally figured out what to do with Jackie Chan in America . This formula is the right one .
The Foreigner is a smart , engaging action thriller . It delivers exactly as promised , Jackie Chan as you 've never seen him .
This is the most dramatic role Jackie Chan has ever tackled , and he plays it with raw emotional power . And , at 63 , he 's still doing his own killer stunts . Chan is The Man-now and forever .
It 's Chan doing what he does best , and it 's an effective variation on the Taken formula - Quan using the self-serving logic of the terrorist against him . No laws , no rules , no limits on the escalation of violence .
The thrills are there , but it 's not hard to be left wanting a lot more from a modern-day standoff between Jackie Chan and 007 .
The Foreigner is half IRA thriller . The other half is divided into thirds . It 's 1/3 Taken -LRB- justice for his daughter -RRB- , 1/3 Rambo -LRB- Quan has some skills in the woods -RRB- and 1/3 Jackie Chan action but serious . It 's a mess .
I loved Jackie Chan as an Asian Rambo wreaking havoc on bad guys in a Western country . I would have gleefully watched a whole movie of that . Unfortunately , there 's all that other stuff .
Mr. Chan is in his early 60s , and he does n't deliver the action pizazz here that he used to . Nor , frankly , does he summon enough gravitas to be persuasive in the role of a grief-maddened father .
Campbell has never had as physically talented a lead as he has with Chan , who 's peerless at performing choreographed fight sequences .
A warning to Liam Neeson , Bruce Willis , Harrison Ford and the rest . You want to keep trying to make your AARP action movies , you go right ahead . But the real grandmaster is back and ready to go .
It 's kind of a shame that The Foreigner is such a chore .
By the end , Jackie Chan feels like a foreigner in his own movie .
It 's at its best when Jackie Chan 's revenge thriller is mucking up Pierce Brosnan 's political drama .
It 's a chance for Chan to demonstrate his dramatic talents to a Western audience-which may take a bit of getting used to
Grieving Chinese special-forces op takes on the IRA in a politically muddled but still satisfying Jackie Chan vehicle .
Jackie Chan shows his age , and that he 's not much of a dramatic actor , in this hackneyed vengeance thriller .
Jackie Chan may be the marquee name here , but it 's Pierce Brosnan who makes this action thriller as much fun as it is .
-LSB- Campbell is -RSB- a master at rejuvenating tired warhorses , and he pulls it off again with this one .
The movie is keenly aware of the West 's long tradition of white-on-Asian racism , and `` The Foreigner '' flips the script on the tradition of Hollywood studio movies in which a white hero kicks foreign butt in some exotic country .
Campbell 's unfussy style works well with Chan 's choreography . The star 's willingness to look his 63 years makes the falls look like they really hurt and creates a sense of jeopardy when Quan finds himself outnumbered .
It 's good to see Chan swapping his happy-go-lucky persona for two hours for some gravitas as a tragic rogue with a marked past .
-LSB- Martin -RSB- Campbell 's talent seems to be wasted on a movie that can not seem to reconcile its hard , Rambo-ish violence with a convoluted conspiracy plot involving political and personal treachery in Belfast and London .
It is always nice to see -LSB- Jackie -RSB- Chan doing a serious action film , and this is definitely one of his better ones of late .

@highlight

The Foreigner adheres strictly to action thriller formula , but benefits from committed -- and out of character -- performances from its talented veteran stars .