Young audiences should be spared its obnoxious droning presence .
Too often those behind the slick 3-D animation spectacles aimed at children imbue them with too much adult humor .
The slapdash dialogue and smug vocal talent detract from the visual appeal of the most energetic sequences -LRB- like a raucous train chase -RRB- and what 's left of Danot 's designs .
A delight for very young children and any parent who 'll get the Attorney General joke of `` Geneva Convention ? I do n't care if it 's a Star Trek convention ! ''
A jumble of bad movie cliches strung together into an overly simplistic tale of a pooch who gets in trouble over candy .
For U.S. audiences the voices have been dubbed by the likes of Whoopi Goldberg , Jon Stewart , Chevy Chase and Jimmy Fallon , who add nothing ; in fact , the movie drags them down with it .
I can only assume that half the movie got lost in translation , and that 's how we ended up with the bald mess we have today .
The characters -LRB- a snail , a cow , a rock-n-roll rabbit , a train , a wooden soldier -RRB- and voice actors -LRB- Whoopi Goldberg , Judi Dench , Chevy Chase -RRB- seem chosen at random ...
The laziest , most disheartening kind of animated children 's film .
Doogal is definitely a dog .
A wretched experience from start to finish .
Unoriginal and only sometimes cute , DOOGAL is mostly harmless , but dull .
This is n't dumbing-down . This is a full-scale lobotomy .
Where is it written that 4-year-olds do n't deserve a good story , decent characters , and a modicum of coherence ?
Hungering for more references to the ` Wassup ' commercials , Dr. Phil , ` Bling Bling , ' The Lord Of The Rings , MC Hammer , or The Matrix ? Do n't worry , Doogal contains nods to all of these .
Doogal tries to be part of the hip CGI-animated club , with all the pop-culture references and feel-good messages . But unfortunately , it fails on all levels .
It 's a movie that scrounges so desperately for laughs , it features both a flatulent moose and a flatulent train .
It 's easily the worst kid 's movie since Spy Kids 3-D , a confusing blur of a magical quest based on an ancient British stop-motion animation TV show .
Doogal has a few moments of wit , but they 're largely lost thanks to inconsistent direction and an uncertainty about who or what the movie is for .
The titular canine hero has all the appeal of a talking bathmat . The animation is ugly , and the American re-write -- which , in typical Hollywood fashion , confuses topicality with humor , as if simply namedropping is enough -- adds nothing .
In Doogal , setting the world right again involves a badly paced quest for three diamonds , assorted jokes that do n't land , and a daringly incoherent climactic confrontation .
Doogal is an exceeding lame animated feature about a bunch of kids trapped on a magical carousel -- but it 's adults forced to sit through this slow-moving , G-rated Lord of the Rings knockoff who will be begging for mercy .
A dreadful animated movie stuffed with bad puns and little internal logic .
This is a movie that is trying so hard to be hip , it forces Stewart , as the villainous sorcerer , to rhapsodize about how he 'll buy a blue Hummer once he takes over the world , which he punctuates with an awkward cry of ` Boo-yah ! '
The story , dialogue and animation here really are for-kids-only .
For kids the ending will be a surprise , hinging on terrifically suspenseful moments . Adults will just wonder why everything looks so cheaply thrown together .
Eighty-five minutes you 'll never get back .
Perhaps the key mistake in this telling is the move of a little boy-ized Doogal -LRB- voiced by child actor Daniel Tay , providing far different line readings than those of the grumpy , world-weary Dougal -RRB- to a sort of solo forefront .
If we keep saying , ` Yeah , it 's lousy , but there 's so much worse stuff out there , ' and we keep sighing , rolling our eyes , and going anyway , we 'll keep getting slapdash , manipulative product like this . Kids deserve better . So do dogs .
The animation has the low-budget CGI look of meticulous textures but movement as jerky and unpersuasive as Davey and Goliath .
Seldom have I heard such lame jokes and pseudo-savvy dialogue .
The only positive thing that might come out of Doogal is the litany of self-deprecating jokes -LSB- Jon -RSB- Stewart will undoubtedly tell when he hosts the Oscars .
Poor visuals , a terrible story , and only fart jokes to entertain the kiddies .
completely devoid of charm , wit , humor , or a storyline that makes sense to anyone with even the most rudimentary of verbal skills
While offering children a valuable lesson about friendship , ` Doogal ' will probably be viewed by some adults as an opportunity for a little nap .
Something tells me that the original dialogue , replaced here by references to M.C. Hammer and The Shining , would have added a little to the movie 's limited charms .
No one expects intense character development from a tale aimed at the youngest of youngsters ... but parents who take their kids will grow bored with the lack of dimension .
-LSB- A -RSB- surprisingly successful feature-film update .
it reminds me more of something you might have seen on H.R. Pufnstuf in the 70s - without all the hallucinogenic drugs
The key frame animation , based on three-dimensional models , is rudimentary , with none of the characters proving visually arresting .
In attempting to turn a tiny Anglo-Franco amusement into a full-blown Yankee extravaganza , The Weinstein Co. has managed to choke every last bit of charm out of the characters and their setting , no mean feat for a show this enchanting .
The digital domain in animation , unless it is executed with the flair brought to the genre by the Pixar people , is flat , dull and mechanical .
For all its undeniable promise , this take on The Magic Roundabout is just plain disastrous in its execution .
The story is n't inherently funny , relevant , or convincing .
It 's a shame more effort was n't made to come up with a storyline as bracingly original and anarchic as the TV series was .
In short , Doogal -LRB- The Magic Roundabout -RRB- is an enjoyable family film that will delight young audiences and is liable to send nostalgic 30-somethings on a -LRB- sadly , futile -RRB- quest to find the original series on DVD .
Amélie by way of Nintendo GameCube .



@highlight

Overloaded with pop culture references , but lacking in compelling characters and plot , Doogal is too simpleminded even for the kiddies .