Woody Harrelson ... is at his peak in this clever , fast-paced zom-com .
They said zombie romance could n't be done , but new gorecom Zombieland proves it can . And it 's not sappy romance either - it delivers the angsty , twitchy , hyperverbal courtship style of the geek generation .
Action , zombies , and funny as hell . This movie is definitely a movie meant to let you just sit back and enjoy the little things .
It 's an okay DVD rental choice but does n't go beyond that .
With its quick pace and witty writing , it 's a nonstop , snarky ride .
One of the best movies of the year , as well as one of the funniest .
Fleischer is after only one thing : to entertain the pants off of you .
For rambunctious laughs , you can hardly beat Zombieland , a pedal-to-the-metal mix of ghoul gore , smartmouth humor and filmmaking savvy .
Zombieland is a juicy , bloody and hysterical escapade that breaks all the rules -- even when everyone in it is trying to follow them .
Zombieland succeeds because it does n't aspire to be anything more than a smart , well-produced action flick with snappy dialogue and memorable characters .
Strap in for this one kids , and remember to avoid bathroom breaks , because Zombieland has arrived and it is going to chew up your eyeballs and spit them out .
Zombieland is an hilarious jaunt through a futuristic America ravaged by a contagion that has changed all but a lucky few into flesh-chomping predators .
It is never properly scary . Mostly , it is just very silly , but because the film knows it is silly , it 's all rather infectious and not the big , cliché-pumped bore it might otherwise have been .
One of the more witless movies of the year -- a failure both as a comedy and as a horror entry .
It 's a zombie movie . It 's a teen romance . It 's a comedy . It 's a hunt for that most elusive of snack foods , the Hostess Twinkie . Welcome to Zombieland . Watch out for marauding cannibals , and fasten your seatbelts .
Zany , brainy and drop-dead funny , Zombieland is a marvel that might be this year 's best horror film as well as its best comedy , rolled into one ooey , gooey mess .
A smart , snarky take on battling the undead , this comic horror-thriller pokes fun at pop culture and piles on the gore .
Zombieland falls somewhere between affectionate parody and straight-up horror movie , but it keeps getting confused about what sort of movie it wants to be .
This well-rounded lark by first-time feature director Ruben Fleischer deftly juggles violence , humor and heart for a friendly , disarming package that still delivers the horrific body count that genre fans hunger for .
Wants to be nothing more than -LRB- yes , bad pun straight ahead -RRB- a bloody good time , and director Ruben Fleischer delivers exactly that with gusto .
Warts , entrails and all , I had a ball at Zombieland . It 's 81 minutes of my kind of stupid .
It 's slick , glossy and engaging , if nowhere near as clever as zom-com Shaun of the Dead .
Zombieland is downright delightful .
Woody Harrelson has a rip-roaring time in this comic splatterfest as a redneck from hell who is out to kill zombies . It 's the kind of genre acting that does n't get much notice , but it 's a gleeful rampage of a performance .
A fun little romp , a mashup of `` coming-of-age '' and `` zombie movie '' that has enough of the latter to make up for the relative limpness of the former .
The last word in zombie movies -- funny , touching and romantic .
The zombie film has never been so funny or so cool .
It 's Zombieland 's delightfully offbeat characters that give the movie its staying power .
Now this is n't the most violent film I 've ever seen , but it is certainly one of the only films in which the infliction of violence -LRB- gut-churning violence -RRB- brings people together . And to that I say ... finally !
Packed with the genre 's standard overdose of blood and guts . Add in a charming band of misfits and you get something thrilling , hilarious and sweet , all at the same time .
Zombieland is nowhere near the classic it has been labelled , and is more a film that will be encrusted in this time and place . Give it a few years , and it will seem as relevant as the latest game console .
Zombieland will undoubtedly become the new zombie-comedy cult classic for the current generation .
This is one ride you 'd battle you 're way through masses of the undead to go on again .
Mildly enjoyable throughout ... -LSB- the film -RSB- has a hard time competing with its own trailer .
I just might write my own 31 rules to live by .
No Shaun of the Dead , but an enthusiastic comedy all its own .
Embora não tão inteligente quanto Todo Mundo Quase Morto ou tão engraçado quanto Débi & Lóide , Zumbilândia acaba se estabelecendo como uma mistura improvável destes dois ótimos filmes .
This is proof that horror movies can really be funny . It was n't just the violent humor , but the little sidetrips for twinkies and Bill Murray 's zombie makeup that sent this film into zombie heaven . Murray 's best line is if he had any regrets and he said
A quin se le ocurri que a los fanticos del cine de zombies se los iba a conformar con una breve aparicin de Bill Murray y una cita a Los Cazafantasmas ? Un poco ms de respeto !
A constantly clever comedy whose characters have amusingly direct motives -LRB- i.e. Tallahassee wants a Twinkie above all else -RRB- that disguise some genuine losses .
Great , snappy fun , featuring , by way of a nice change , characters you genuinely do not want to see get chomped .
Wildly implausible , slightly scary and plot-lite though Zombieland is , it stands to add a few comic bons mots to popular parlance .
Scattershot but sharp , this postapocalyptic road comedy gives Shaun of the Dead a run for its money .
Zombieland is a road movie , a little meta-commentary on zombie movie mayhem , and an extremely violent and pretty funny comedy .
The film involves such gratuitous , juicy spatter , Dexter Morgan would have a field day .
With its brain seeking tongue wedged firmly in its blood soaked cheek , Zombieland embraces its violence and language warnings to make a truly hysterical , enjoyable and mouth watering zom-com ride .
The only quibble is that unlike a classic horror comedy such as An American Werewolf in London , Zombieland goes for the laughs over providing any genuine scares .
Zombie comedies have been plentiful since the British-made Shaun of the Dead five years ago , but none has been as funny as Zombieland .
Over-laid with a strain of ironic humour that 's deliciously ridiculous .
A wickedly witty , post-apocalyptic zombie kill-fest that is actually smarter than it is gory , which , of course , it is .
Yes , it 's charming , well shot and funny , but there are no real scares to be found .
The one-liners and rapid-fire jokes pull Zombieland back in line when the love hearts begin to fill the screen .
If you want escapism with a capital F for fun , Zombieland is it to a T -LRB- with a Zee -RRB- .
Recommended zom com . You 'll never look at cardiovascular workouts in the same way again !
Zombieland does well enough in its early minutes , then picks up a little unexpected speed when Columbus meets another `` noncannibal survivor '' -LRB- played by a perfect Woody Harrelson -RRB- .
Director Ruben Fleischer eventually ignores the need to tie things up neatly in favor of what we came to Zombieland for , creative ways to kill zombies .
Zombieland is , in essence , Shaun 's clumsy , goofy but fun-as-hell American cousin .
Harrelson and co-star Emma Stone do a good job of embodying comedically hardened B-movie action heroes .
Surprisingly cute for a movie awash in blood , entrails and icky zombie drool , admirably brisk ... and occasionally scary , especially if zombies creep the bejesus out of you .
The overall results are savvier and cheekier than not .
At 81 minutes , Fleischer 's debut is cheerfully macabre , briskly paced , brimming with demented energy , and otherwise totally disposable .
Thankfully there 's nothing remotely serious about Zombieland . It 's just a heck of carnival attraction -LRB- Shoot the ducks/Shoot the zombies -RRB- on a roller coaster filled with laughs .
Zombieland will earn its place right next to Shawn of the Dead as a good comedy .
The best zombie exploitation film since Shaun of the Dead . With Twinkies .
No matter what genre you peg `` Zombieland '' in , the fact is that it 's one damn great piece of film making and likely one of my favorite films of 2009 ...
Ultimately , Zombieland works best as pure , breezy entertainment with a pinch of depth .
After the mandatory splatter scenes , Ruben Fleischer 's film becomes more character-driven and enjoyable .
Inspiration is pretty fallow after about half an hour .
There are more than enough good gags , but no moments that 'll make you gag .
Murray is hilarious and the chief reason for seeing the film .
While not as clever as Shaun or as scary as parts of Dawn , this horror comedy does pull off a minor coup in its genre % u2014it successfully uses a zombie apocalypse as the setting for a romantic comedy/family picture .
It 's a fundamentally lazy and witless film .
If You 're Going to Infect Your Horror Comedy with Toilet Humor , Ca n't We At Least Explore What Zombies Do When Nature Calls ?
There 's just nothing like a good flesh-eating zombie movie to make you feel rejuvenated .
manages to successfully rework the familiar in a way that pokes fun at its living-dead predecessors while also recognizing the underlying sense of dread that has allowed the genre to thrive for nearly four decades
This spoof on the zombie genre literally and figuratively is killer . It 's laugh-out-loud funny , the gore is beautifully over-the-top , and the wicked script is laced with a cutting wit .
Yet there are moments of sheer inventive genius that left me amazed .
The amusement park sequence definitely merits a best zombie kill , or kills , of the week award .
Very funny , often thrilling and full of neat little touches that should make it entirely rewatchable , Zombieland sees Fleischer join the ranks of directors - Romero , Wright , Raimi , Snyder - whose first films are n't just zombie films , but great films .
Director Ruben Fleischer has his eyes trained on the comic jugular , and he attains an astronomical laugh count from Rhett Reese and Paul Wernickat 's fizzing , pop-savvy script .
An unabashedly violent and hilariously twisted zomb-pocalyptic romp , it 's easily the most fun you 're bound to have with a cast of corpses this side of Shaun of the Dead .
A brisk , buoyant , infectious comedy with braaaains . Tuck in .
Zombieland 's not the first pic to take the mick of the genre . This one though has a great deal more zest than most .
The pacing is lackadaisical and the plot riddled with holes , but the movie is savvy enough mostly to eschew excessive gore in favour of amiably droll lines .
A very ridiculous film which is also a treat .
It 's fitting that Zombieland ends up in an amusement park , because it basically is one . You get your money 's worth .
Fast-paced , gory and often amusing in a cartoon manner .
Zombieland is lean , tight and well-crafted multiplex entertainment .
The most enjoyable zom-com for an age .
An out-and-out , stand-on-the-seat-and-shout-it-aloud crowd-pleaser , Zombieland is one of the better Hollywood comedies of the year . Rarely has society 's total meltdown been such zippy , carefree fun .
A movie that treads a well-worn path through a saturated field yet somehow feels like the freshest film of the year .
National Lampoon 's Gory Vacation , if you like .
While zombie comedies have been done , ahem , to death after the success of Shaun Of The Dead , this time the laughs - and blood - flow thick and fast .
The best zom-com since Shaun of the Dead ... a delightfully sharp and smart comedy actioner that is funny , thrilling and just a little bit gory .
The main rule for making a zombie flick is that it must display imagination when bumping off the flesh-eaters . And Zombieland comes up trumps on that score . It 's a riot .
Frothy and forgettable , and , like any black comedy , funny even , or especially , when it should n't be .
A zombie comedy funnier than Shaun of the Dead ? They said it could n't be done , but here it is .
The narrative suffers from a recurrent limp but there are memorable high notes , namely a genius cameo by the ever marvellous Bill Murray as himself .
A sharply clever script and relentlessly kinetic structure keep us thoroughly entertained all the way through this corny zombie action-comedy . Although there 's also the gnawing realisation that there 's absolutely no subtext at all .
Yes , it 's got zombies . Yes , it 's got jokes . But it 's soulless - dead behind the eyes .
The flat-out funniest horror film since Shaun of the Dead .
Has a few flashes of genre-bending inspiration ... but the rest is a little too low-key and obvious to really set this zombie comedy apart .
Zombies can be a ton of fun as long as they do n't chomp too many human characters and remain primarily bloody fodder for practical jokes and target practice
For my money Zombieland is the funniest comedy of the year , topping by a slim margin , The Hangover .
A genuinely hilarious comedy with a brilliantly funny script and terrific comic performances .
Zombieland is a killer comedy with a vicious sense of humor .
By the time Zombieland reached its climax , I actually cared about who lived and died , and that reaction honestly took me by surprise .
Simultaneously frenetic and boring gore-farce shambles
This movie is so clever it almost transcends the plodding performances of Harrelson and Eisenberg
Almost guaranteed to please the horror fans and comedy kooks in equal measure , Zombieland is a pitch-perfect example of how tasty the `` horror/comedy '' combo can be .
According to movie lore , a bullet to the brain can drop a zombie . The typically less lethal presence of Bill Murray , however , is all that is needed to stop ` Zombieland ' dead in its tracks .
Spends most of its time clicking ... thanks to a particularly game cast that understands exactly what they 're doing in a film like this .
The blood flows freely in this gonzo horror tale , but , more importantly , so do the laughs .
Hard to defend , yet impossible to resist .
... one of the funniest movies of the year , but one of the best all-around zombie movies in the last decade .
National Lampoon 's Zombie Vacation -- the detours , not the plot , are the point
-LSB- E -RSB- verything Jennifer 's Body was not -- fast , funny , and fully aware of the obligations and opportunities inherent in the genre .
This movie is fundamentally empty .
` I have n't worked opposite zombies since Courtney Love in The People vs. Larry Flynt , ' said Harrelson .
Over-the-top and gleefully irreverent ...
Like life itself , `` Zombieland '' is `` nasty , brutish and short '' and extraordinarily sweet .
`` Zombieland '' is the freshness the box office needed with its witty writing , directing and outstanding performances .
It does n't break any new ground or have any new ideas . It is just a perfectly cast , well-written , well-directed , well-acted film that is bloody funny .
Rule no. 34 - movies like Zombieland give the undead a very good name .
Watching a 12-year-old Abigail Breslin killing zombies with semi-automatic weapons does n't do much for me , but I 'm sure there are many audiences that will remark , `` cool . '' Gratuitous violence never seemed so cheap .
Benefits greatly from the appealing goofy performances by Woody Harrelson and Jesse Eisenberg .
A zany Night Of The Living Dead road movie zom-edy with unusually high speed undead tending to give the best odds to survival of the thinnest , Zombieland is likewise reborn as a horror concept , as it retools the genre as both freaky and devilishly cool .
It 's pointless to expect too much from a smarmy , silly , slapstick/teen romance horror satire and , if that 's your attitude , you wo n't be disappointed .
Zombies as good clean fun , I mean , good messy fun !
Slight , but wry , witty and a lot of fun , Zombieland is a last gasp of summer silliness that is welcome in the days before the big drama-heavy , late-fall Oscar push .
While short on fresh ideas , the film works thanks to some strong performances and a script that provides just enough depth to render its characters more than just a collection of eccentricities .
Jesse Eisenberg and Woody Harrelson do a great job playing off each other in ` Zombieland , ' one of the funniest zombie movies I 've ever seen .
Harrelson is a great head-case character actor.His testosterone machismo mixes well with -LSB- Jesse -RSB- Eisenberg 's lack of cojones .
Laugh-out-loud is a good thing in a comedy and this one has plenty .
... a must for horror fans , but also for those who want to laugh and do n't mind a few body parts being flung around in the process .
To be honest , I had to drag myself to Zombieland . And , horrors upon hilarity , I laughed throughout it . Chalk it up to the comedy 's rapid pacing , graphics , makeup , actors , and clever writing .
Zombieland makes undead cinema fresh again . This movie is just ridiculously , insanely , enormously entertaining .
It 's gory , action packed , well-written , and most importantly - FUN !
Laugh your ass off . As a cleverly executed horror comedy , Zombieland will keep you in stitches , even as the zombies are trying to rip you apart .
There was a time when `` zombie '' films were edgy and alternative . That time has clearly passed .
What might happen if Sam Raimi did a zombie movie .
There are even a few poignant moments in the movie , but they do n't get in the way of the funny , violent , zombie-killing good time .
From the opening shots to the best post-credits tag in years , Zombieland attempts nothing but pure fun and completely delivers .
Despite some pacing problems two-thirds of the way through , first-time feature director Fleischer does a fine job of juggling mayhem and merriment .
This is one wild ride , cobbled together from bits and pieces of rides we 've been on before , and plugged into a 220-volt outlet .
While not a true zom-com classic like Shaun of the Dead , Zombieland is just as much breezy , brainless fun as one of the rollercoasters that mark its horizon .
At a brisk 80 minutes , the flick is n't a minute too short . Better yet , for those with a sweet fang for confections , it 's far more charming than chilling and way more funny than frightening .
It 's a black-blood-spitting mugging of a movie , but it 's also relentlessly funny and innovative , the sort of film that makes you writhe and laugh at the same time .
We wo n't ruin it . Let 's just say that if laughter distinguishes humans from zombies , then you 'll know just how human you are after the quartet 's visit to a mansion in Los Angeles .
A full-throttled , double-barrelled zomcom through the United States of Zombieland .
Zombieland is Shaun of the Dead 's crazy , funny redneck cousin .
A funride through zombified American society , full of genuinely hilarious lines and situations .
Parts of it rank among the funniest moments of the year , but they never last .
... if you were n't foolish enough to have , say , a dinner of spaghetti and meatballs in advance of seeing it , you ... will have a lot of fun .
The dialogue in Zombieland is so witty and humorous that even if the zombies were taken out of the picture you would still be left with a highly amusing comedy .
Who is n't entertained by people kicking zombie booty ?
Marrying comedy to horror is n't original , but `` Zombieland '' discovers inventive ways to entertain by placing its emphasis on laughs over legitimate scares .
Hands down the decade 's best zombie movie and one of its best comedies . It 's what the good , but overpraised , `` Shaun of the Dead '' sought to be - a rambunctiously funny , relatively weighty loosey-goosey exercise in controlled fear and nervous laughter .
Not as timeless as forebears like Shaun of the Dead .
` Zombieland ' may be the first undead road-trip movie . The picture is light and unassuming , but it has a jaunty spirit ; it 's funny beyond the call of genre and - the cool part , of course - wonderfully disgusting .
It 's hard not to be entertained -LRB- assuming your definition of entertainment includes exploding skulls and spattered intestines -RRB- .
I came away wanting more comedy and less gratuitous splatter . Still , you ca n't dismiss a movie with as many big laughs as this one packs .
Zombieland , with its belching , goo-spewing undead , looks at the scenery of a video game through a fanboy 's eyes .
The humor is vicious and the supporting cast is viscous . But underlying the carnage in Zombieland is a sweetly beating heart .
Zombieland is a bloody , gorey , funny , over-the-top , zombie slaughtering piece of perfection .
A grisly comedy about the undead , Zombieland is doomed to be compared to the superior Shaun of the Dead , but it 's fun , too .
The undead here could be a rabid group of Garfield toys ; it really does n't matter . What matters is the hyper-crisp , snappy visual pizazz -LRB- Fleischer should be tapped for a midlevel superhero flick -RRB- , the laughs and how well it 's all played .
An improbably delicious comedy about a quartet of human survivors crossing an America that 's been taken over by ravenous hordes . -LRB- There 's even a Charlie Chaplin zombie working Hollywood Boulevard in front of the Chinese Theater . -RRB-
`` Nut up or shut up , '' is the most quotable of Woody Harrelson 's cowboy maxims in the genre mash-up Zombieland , and squeamish moviegoers should take it as gospel .
If slow-motion bloody zombie deaths set to Metallica 's `` For Whom The Bell Tolls '' does not get you excited , I do n't know what will . Zombieland is a great time .
This is n't just a good zombie comedy . It 's a damn fine movie , period . And that 's high praise , coming from a vampire guy .
Zombieland is a romance , a comedy , a road movie and a freewheeling schlock horrorfest , all in one .
Unencumbered by such petty nuisances as a point , a vision or even an ounce of social commentary , Ruben Fleischerâ -LRB- TM -RRB- s transparently hollow zombie flick still succeeds at passing the time , even if a good 15 of its 81 minutes are pure filler .
If there 's one moment that perfectly encapsulates the vibe of the horror-comedy Zombieland , it 's probably this : Woody Harrelson in a cowboy hat , whooping and hollering , picking off zombies with a gun ... from a moving roller coaster .
Though both female characters are underwritten and the movie ends too soon , after a routinely action-packed final act that is n't as fresh as the rest , Zombieland is still the funniest broad comedy since The Hangover .
It 's one of the year 's most purely pleasurable entertainments .
When it comes to genre filmmaking , Zombieland , a grisly comedy about yet another attack of the ravenous undead , does just about everything right .
What you 're ultimately left with is a movie for people who think what they really would like to do tonight is watch zombies .
Harrelson mugs wonderfully , Eisenberg stutters charmingly , Stone emerges as more than a token hottie , and Breslin plays a hardhearted tweener who , nevertheless , misses Hannah Montana .
Fleischer keeps the momentum up , building laughs and suspense as the quartet moves inexorably toward California and a bang-up climax at the amusement park .
Director Ruben Fleischer mixes fright and slapstick with bloody glee . And the surprise star cameo is a wowser . Enough said .
Brevity is the soul of wit , and in the zombie comedy it 's the soul , the head and the headless body . The movie , at a scant and punchy 85 minutes , will be over before you 've stopped laughing .
A minor diversion dripping in splatter and groaning with self-amusement .
Woody Harrelson and Jesse Eisenberg take us on a riotous road trip across a zombie-laden wasteland in this irreverent splatter comedy .
Generally a barrel of cheap fun .
This movie is pretty dang funny .
This disposable horror comedy is nothing more than a popcorn-chomping spectacle of subgenre nonsense .
Self-aware without being self-impressed , this is a movie with no use for the dumb , the weak , or the timid , so it does n't bother getting them involved .
A pleasant surprise indeed -LRB- that is , if your definition of pleasant allows room for multiple depictions of gruesomely splattered zombies . Mine does -RRB- .
One of the most entertaining movies of the year so far .
It deserves to become a midnight-movie cult classic . If it does n't , that means the zombies win .
... written so deliberately that the zombies are n't the only ones moaning and craving brains by the end .
Parental Content Review
Despite films like Transformers and G.I. Joe cleaning up at the box office , Zombieland , even with its earned R-rating , is the one true film this year that reminds us of what its like to be a kid at the movies .
It earns itself a place on the same shelf as such classics as `` Evil Dead 2 '' and , yes , `` Shaun of the Dead . ''
It 's fitting that much of the film takes place in an amusement park , because Zombieland is one thrill ride after another .
Rarely has such wanton , gleeful destruction been as unapologetically unleashed onscreen .
Zombie films provide many opportunities for comic juxtaposition of dire circumstances with trivial detail and the deconstruction of our assumptions .
a wacky celebration of the essential kichtiness of the idiom , and it may just be the sweetest zombie flick ever made
a hilarious homage to the flesh-eating fiend
Rarely does a movie treat its kill shots with such modern artistry , and dissect its own campy horror clichés with thoughtfully appropriate dialogue ... finally a zombie flick has a less predictable recipe than a Tuna Helper box top .
Zombieland could have been a very slack unscary horror film or a very gory unfunny comedy , but instead it snaps , bites and snarls its way across the screen with perverse pleasures and real brains under its bloody smile .
Unlike its spiritual predecessor Shaun of the Dead , Fleischer 's film does n't really get either zombie movies or human relationships .
Zombieland is fun -- no matter how many been-there monsters and done-that misfits are involved .
It 's to the actors ' credit that none of it feels forced or fake . In particular , Eisenberg 's comic stylings and Harrelson 's rock - 'em - sock - 'em performance really set the pace .
Playing like a useful survival guide to an undead outbreak , a guts-filled horror film that turns George Romero on his head , and a knowing , occasionally referential screwball comedy , Zombieland is a zippy blast .
Director Ruben Fleischer and his team have crafted one of the most enjoyable black comedies of the year .
From its inventive opening credits to a surprise cameo and accompanying laugh-riot Ghostbusters homage , the zom-com Zombieland delivers gore and gags in equally satisfying spurts , so to speak .
Funny -- it turns out that when the zombie apocalypse is upon us , Escalades and Hummers will actually have a practical use .
Zombieland is , as they say in the entertainment industry , `` all killer and no filler . ''
Zombieland makes up in laughter what it lacks in screams , and the arch weariness with which it looks out at undead America hides a frisky yet disturbing message : We 're closer than we think .
The four protagonists are n't about to let something as minor as the complete breakdown of society get in the way of having a good time , and their fun proves infectious .
-LSB- The filmmakers -RSB- serve up one of the year 's most entertaining films ... by concocting a few riffs to keep playing on and coming up with the inspired casting of Jesse Eisenberg and Woody Harrelson as a perfectly mismatched buddy team .
The undead live on in this broad , crowd-pleasing - and gleefully gory - comedy about the inevitable `` zombie apocalypse '' .
Zombieland is gross , wickedly sick , and just an all-around bloody good time . Plus , it 's got one of the best cameos ever ...
There 's nothing wrong with a little light comedy after a zombie apocalypse leaves humanity utterly devastated . But there 's nothing very smart about it either .
Fleischer never lets Zombieland tip over into drama for too long , because the overriding mission here is to laugh in the face of the apocalypse .
Debuting director Fleischer 's action-and-innards-drenched film dials it all up to 11 from the opening credits sequence .
A superior zombie comedy - and the competition in that genre is stiffer than you might think .
It 's a horror-comedy done proper , taking a far more endearing , freewheeling stance when it comes to busting open the undead , revealing there 's still some life left in the densely populated zombie genre .
Nothing more than a Troma schlockfest with a bigger budget , but it boasts an amusing script , a quick tempo and ... a cast that milks the madness for all it 's worth .
-LSB- O -RSB- utrageously violent and outrageously funny ... plays up what could be its most shocking moment with exactly the right blend of impudence and absurdity and tragi-comedy ...
Who would have guessed such a funny movie as Zombieland could be made around zombies ? No thanks to the zombies .
Zombieland takes full advantage of both possibilities of the species as well as the current boom in zombiephilia .
Uses the undead the way a similarly glib , flashy comedy might use cheerleading or football -- as pure window dressing .
Who knew the end of the world would be a great opportunity to meet chicks ?
The secret in this case is the jokes , which are ferocious . Marrying a monster flick with an adolescent romance has produced a merry mutant .
Somehow rises above the Hot Topic-ization of its subject matter and becomes an absolute , occasionally surreal hoot .
Zombieland mostly finds that tricky balance of the laugh-out-loud funny and the make-you-jump scary , of deadpan laughs and intense energy .
Eisenberg and Harrelson make a fine post-apocalyptic Hope and Crosby , zinging their way through set pieces of undead destruction .
Zombieland does n't find quite the same balance of laughs and scares as Shaun of the Dead did -- it 's much heavier on the comedy than the horror -- but its similar focus on three-dimensional characters rather than the genre 's typical cardboar
Zombieland skimps on nothing . That includes graphic violence , naturally . But just because you do n't need a lot more brain power than the zombies employ to enjoy it does n't mean you wo n't enjoy it plenty .
The movie is n't particularly scary -- not a crime when your goal is laughs . More egregious is the niggling fact that this simply is n't as witty as Shaun of the Dead , forever the yuks-meet-yucks standard .
It has a lot more in common with Little Miss Sunshine than just Abigail Breslin .
Ho-hum zombie mayhem lurks around every bend , but the movie 's comic tone becomes increasingly strained .
There 's a lot to bite into here , but it 's a film that does n't always live up to its own dizzying potential .
A refreshing new spin on the zombie flick , one with humor and heart , but also a great introduction to an innovative and talented new filmmaker .
Strangely , in a genre not known for acting , it 's the hilarious performances of the wild Harrelson and tamer but adaptable Eisenberg -LRB- and the chemistry between them -RRB- that turn this slight , short and familiar flick into pleasing entertainment .
A bloody , disgusting blast .
Disturbing , thrilling , hilarious and sweet , all at the same time . Zombieland is an incredibly fun film .
Fleischer 's film is beautifully shot -LRB- his slow-mo sequences are stunning -RRB- , engaging , funny , heartfelt and more importantly F-U-N . If you 're looking for a movie that has it all , Zombieland is a season pass worth picking up .
Harrelson 's unexpected line readings and reactions sometimes elevate Zombieland to a level of inspired nonsense worthy of Shaun of the Dead .
It 's got nothing on its mind beyond pleasing you from scene to scene , set piece to set piece , and director Ruben Fleischer ladles on just enough style to make it all fun ...
I highly recommend Zombieland to anyone with an offbeat sense of humor and an unnatural craving for Twinkies .
A killer comedy with a vicious sense of humor . The running undead look fantastic and are dispatched in a never-ending , ever-evolving innovative shopping list of carnage . You 'll applaud every crunch .

@highlight

Wickedly funny and featuring plenty of gore , Zombieland is proof that the zombie subgenre is far from dead .