Though well-acted , Diego Luna 's hagiographic film never manages to shine a meager beam .
Loses an opportunity to dig deeper inside the man and , instead , follows biopic convention .
Basically , if you need a history lesson , ` Cesar Chavez ' is not a bad way to go . We need histories of heroes . However , you can find more history on Wikipedia .
For better or worse , the film is a call to action , but I want to know more .
Cesar Chavez is perhaps an abridged history lesson , but given the amount of material it needed to convey , it does a commendable and stirring job .
While Cesar Chavez was an important figure in the fight for farmworkers ' rights , a film adaptation of his work simply does n't make for a very compelling experience , especially when it does n't deliver the emotional impact that it should .
Truncated bio-pic does n't dig deep
Labor struggles and mass movements are the most difficult to pull off in this strictly status quo society , and the same could be said for movies re-enacting any of that suppressed US history . But this heroic and healing yet candid biopic does just that .
It should have been made 40 years ago , but this biopic about the Mexican-American leader who spearheaded the fight for farmworkers ' rights could n't be more timely .
It 's a wonder that nobody has tackled the story of the civil-rights crusader on the big screen before , which makes this effort discouraging for its lack of depth or insight beyond the basics .
The film seems more intent on educating and inspiring than entertaining .
Michael Pena is solid in his portrayal of Cesar Chavez but it is not the star turner I had hoped for the versatile actor .
This historical biography about the important 1960s labor organizer so actively skews away from Hollywood theatrics that it begins to feel downright quaint .
... should be shown to every McDonalds and WalMart employee immediately .
Cesar Chavez is the kind of movie we need more of , in that it grants greater representation to Hispanics , a drastically underserved demographic . But it 's also the kind of movie we do n't need any more of , in that it 's not terribly good .
Lest you think `` Cesar Chavez '' is not scintillating movie material , Luna has put forth a very important portrayal of a man determined to make a better life for himself and the workers he represents .
The heart and soul of this film is Pena . His magnificent performance punctuates Chavez ' struggle to maintain a non-violent approach to achieve his goals -- which included a 25-day fast that nearly killed him -- and keep his large family intact .
Plodding labor leader biopic shows protests , beatings .
Cesar Chavez makes for a fine history lesson , but as drama , it leaves something to be desired .
Cesar Chavez is a typical and topical biopic , but the performances , led by a very strong Michael Peña , should leave you satisfied .
In its enumeration of victories and setbacks within that time frame , Chavez fails to create a full or even full-ish picture of the man whose bold but nonviolent tactics led to better working conditions in the fields .
Michael Peña brings a centered , beckoning beauty to the title character that manages to speak to Chávez nonviolent approach without becoming hagiographic .
Biopics about civil rights icons are usually staid affairs . Cesar Chavez , directed by Diego Luna , is no exception .
With Peña , the question is this : Are the movies brave enough to give him the chance he deserves ? He 's a wonderful Cesar Chavez .
The film ends up eliciting not much more than a `` meh '' response . -LRB- Complete Content Review for Parents also Available -RRB-
It 's reverential rather than revealing , predictably admiring where it needs to be nuanced and challenging .
An amateurish mess , with faltering direction and wooden acting .
The man was a more interesting person than the poster-ready icon presented here .
Here is a biographical movie that seems tailor-made to serve to fill a gap in a history teacher 's lesson plan .
It suffers the curse of the biopic , in that it 's tough to take true events and make them pop on the screen enough to hold an audience 's attention .
Even with a few flaws , Cesar Chavez beautifully reflects the political and personal power of a man who showed it was possible to change the world from a dusty field .
The results can be surprisingly rich , lucid and subtle .
A solid and mostly successful attempt to introduce this important labor leader and civil rights activist to younger audiences , while reminding older folks of the impact Chavez had on this country .
Riveting , inspiring , agitating and fortifying , smartly directed , very well acted , and demonstrating a sophisticated attention to detail , Cesar Chavez is a film worthy of its subject .
As a filmmaker , Luna is still finding his voice . For all he effectively puts on screen in `` Cesar Chavez , '' Luna never gets past his respect for the accomplishments to give us a true measure of the man .
Not only powerful but timely , given divided attitudes toward immigration and unionization .
A well-cast , well-intentioned movie that falls into the trap that often awaits film biographies of brave and widely admired individuals .
The performances are solid but I walked out of the theater thinking I might have been equally edified and entertained reading the man 's Wikipedia entry .
It 's basic story telling , a particularly necessary one in times where a living wage still eludes many , but it lacks cinematic invention and wo n't be the film to catapult Peña into the limelight .
If you can survive Nixon , maybe you can survive anything . But it will take a better movie than this to show how .
Pena 's performance as the charismatic union leader towers over the film itself , which sadly is too small in scope and formulaic to properly portray Chavez 's influence .
Wades only ankle-deep into some complicated territory .
Brings Chavez and his times to life like no documentary could .
-LSB- Peña -RSB- does n't get to do much more than recite trite adages offered by a disjointed , sometimes inscrutable script .
After two rousing acts of the rise of the workers , the movie starts to go a little haywire . There 's no good visual way in a movie to make a hunger strike look anything but petulant and passive-aggressive .
Just as the migrant workers of California deserved better treatment from their bosses , the man who won the labor dispute deserves better treatment than this film .
Michael Peña is particularly impressive in the lead , resisting the obvious temptation to make Chavez larger than life . Diego Luna , a fine actor himself , directed , grounding the story in earthy , authentic-seeming detail .
Although this film seems for all concerned to be a passion project , there is little of that passion emanating from the screen .
The film is always a little bit at a distance , almost involving , always good enough to make us root for it , but rarely better than average .
The journey of Cesar Chavez from migrant worker to American hero as a nonviolent labor leader and civil rights activist .
Whether or not true to the original , Michael Peña 's Arizona-born title hero is constantly center focus but too low-key to sustain ninety-eight minutes of viewer interest .
Pena captures Chavez 's quietly intense commitment , but the movie does n't really capture the drama without making it seem melodramatic .
This is a message film about an important subject-but it forgets to be both informative and watchable .
The problem with Cesar Chavez is that it inches steadily away from a down-to-earth portrayal of its subject , eventually placing him on the very kind of pedestal he never sought to occupy .
Cesar Chavez is a decent history lesson , but it 's not much of a drama .
`` Cesar Chavez '' embodies the quiet efficacy of its namesake without resorting to the bombastic theatricality he himself avoided .
`` Cesar Chavez '' so fervently tries to be virtuous that it risks being dull . Dull it certainly is . But how virtuous ?
Too bad the film itself is a mediocre monument to a major historical figure .
It never quite takes off in a stirring , inspirational way , but moves steadily forward in solid fashion .
-LSB- Director Diego -RSB- Luna and -LSB- writer Keir -RSB- Pearson never find a way in , meaning you 'll have to support the film because it 's the right thing to do , not because it 's an emboldening work .
Director Diego Luna 's muted drama so consciously avoids theatrics that it never really comes to life .
The film should satisfy those looking for faithful , though not hagiographical , depiction of the icon , although others might be left wishing the filmmakers had taken a more inventive approach .
It 's not filmmaking at its best , but it certainly does a credible job in telling a story that needs telling .
Keir Pearson 's script plays out like a highlight reel of the grape strike . It fails to effectively dramatize the slow process of converting ordinary laborers to the workers ' cause and of selling the boycott to everyday consumers .
Not unlike Michael Peña 's prior supporting roles , Chavez is marked by an explosive anger kept under a cherubic , sweet-natured mask , providing the surprise lacking in the story 's text .
Pena is properly pious and Ferrara brings the fire to this sometimes inspiring bio-pic of the farmer worker turned labor leader .
-LSB- VIDEO ESSAY -RSB- The movie reaches its goal of reminding audiences how far migrant workers have come in America since the '60s , and how far they have yet to go toward better working conditions and higher pay .
This is an important chapter in US labour history , which only adds to the disappointment of its telling , which is chronological , apparently sticks rigidly to the record , and edited without vigour .
A passion project about a passionate man takes surprisingly flat form in Cesar Chavez .
While the film 's old-fashioned virtues and the integrity of its subject matter give it some traction , pedestrian handling , a lumpy script and some significant miscasting mean it only occasionally summons the dramatic power to match the events it depicts .
All of Chavez 's charisma comes through .
Luna has taken the move from acting to directing with such confidence and ease .
... it 's a competent , unobjectionable history lesson but Cesar Chavez ' legacy needs a more inspired and inspiring telling if it 's to get the exposure this crusading figure deserves .

@highlight

Too in awe of its subject 's great works to present him as a human being , Cesar Chávez settles for trite hagiography .