Whether or not you 've studied piano , or any musical instrument , it is fascinating to observe Bernstein 's gentle but rigourous technique in correcting errors , training the musicians ' bodies , and helping them to locate their own place within the piece .
With this film , -LSB- Ethan -RSB- Hawke has given the world the gift of being taught to see the world - and music - as -LSB- Seymour -RSB- Bernstein does , and it 's a great one .
Seymour is intriguing , mainly because it brings together two uniquely talented artists -- Hawke and Bernstein -- and captures them in thought and ocasionally in conversation , sometimes together but more often on their own .
Not only a very fine documentary , but a warm and likable one to boot .
There 's no pressing story to tell , or even especially vital achievement to record , so the film probably counts as bit of self-indulgence from Hawke , but it 's got a very good heart .
More crucial to -LSB- the film -RSB- than Bernstein 's personality , endearing as it is , is the music he plays .
It 's quiet , considered and spellbinding , with a great deal of beautiful music - some of it performed exquisitely by Bernstein himself .
Bernstein seems like a man who has found fulfillment in his life , and his students seem fulfilled as well . His story is compelling and his words seem to be loaded with wisdom . He is a fascinating character .
A lovely , purposefully small movie that just dusts the edges of many deep concerns that Bernstein , now in his mid-80s , is still wrestling with .
It 's a poetic statement , but the reason the music and the man stick with us is because they inspire us to work harder at whatever we are doing , regardless of whether it can be played on a piano .
... a gentle yet insistent interrogation of a monkish master , an 88-year-old piano teacher named Seymour Bernstein who , in the grip of terrible stage fright compounded by existential dread , gave up a promising concert career ...
An idiosyncratic , very personal portrait of an inspiring musical sensibility .
The great joy of the film , whether you know piano or not , is watching Bernstein teach .
Hawke 's cinematic etude may not unlock all the mysteries of music , but `` Seymour : An Introduction '' is universal enough to be understood by a bananafish .
Like a touching master class on living correctly , listening to the charming Bernstein will have you changing keys .
Remarkably elegant film from Ethan Hawke about his friend , classical pianist and sometime-composer Seymour Bernstein , is one of early delights of 2015 .
Expertly directed by Ethan Hawke , Seymour : An Introduction is both a portrait of an artist 's life and a quiet repudiation of the assumptions that might tempt some people to call Bernstein a failure .
Octogenarian pianist Seymour Bernstein is the charming , inspirational subject of this appreciative , occasionally fawning documentary directed by the actor/novelist/filmmaker Ethan Hawke .
It 's a nice movie , full of musicians talking of their love of the art form - you 'll be enthralled , believe it or not , listening to a couple of guys talking about B flat .
Coming off of his superb one-two performances for Richard Linklater in Before Midnight and Boyhood , Hawke continues to work at a creative high level . He demonstrates a rapport and openness with his subject that proves exceptionally affecting .
Whether or not Hawke got any answers to his questions about the purpose of being artist , seeking them under the guidance of a teacher like Bernstein resulted in this work of art .
Seymour : An Introduction is just that - not too much biography , or history . And one need n't be a music aficionado , or a musician , to appreciate the modest erudition coming from this man .
By the end of our introduction , Bernstein emerges as a man who has found a way to build order out of life 's chaos through music .
A tender counterpoint to Whiplash . Anyone in any field of artistic endeavor could learn something about their struggles from watching Bernstein 's patience , and by listening to his arguments against the importance of fame
A quiet but charming conversation with a man who 's lived what he loves .
Hawke chose well his subject ; Bernstein is indeed an intriguing master and paragon of authenticity .
His playing is beautiful - he was a gifted concert pianist who gave up the stage at 50 to concentrate on teaching and composing . His stories are tremendous . And his voice , clear and strong , is magnetic .
`` Seymour : An Introduction '' gives viewers a soaring , sublime and enduringly meaningful glimpse of a man who is undoubtedly the real thing .
A positive , enjoyable and inspiring artist portrait .
This intimate look at the supremely mild-mannered piano virtuoso will find its audience .
It 's hard to find much wrong with this film , itself a meditation on art and the practice of craft .
The director thinks we would enjoy meeting Bernstein ... Hawke is correct .
The movie 's real subject is the difficulty -- and the critical importance -- of bringing into harmony one 's personal and artistic lives , of being not only a good artist but a joyful one .
The result is a low-key but melodic production that is also clearly about Hawke 's search for meaning in his artistic career . But that does n't prevent the rest of us from enjoying Bernstein 's sagacity .
Seymour : An Introduction is a delightful film experience about the transformative power of art .
A life 's wisdom , distilled , conveyed with charm , wit and bracing precision in an understated yet lucid voice . Hawke 's managed to capture the kindest , most no-bullshit guru you 'd care to imagine .
Bernstein in action is a study of what a teacher should be : kind but with a steely resolve . He analyzes the music and figures how to overcome its obstacles .
A fondly made portrait ... of a gentle philosopher with a wicked wit , a superbly talented pianist who intellectually challenges and charms in equal parts .
Unusual , intelligent documentary whose subject is a pleasure to spend time with .
Hawke 's first documentary is a perfect movie for a gray Sunday afternoon , a gentle and loving tribute to a man ... anachronistically convinced that talent is its own reward .
The sweetness of the subject 's nature and the gentle modulations of his speaking voice are so potent that it would seem not just uncivil but futile to contradict him ; yet Hawke is too alert and too inquiring to let the movie subside into worship .
The unfortunate disconnect between great artistry and great commercial success runs throughout history . But Bernstein is a special case because , unlike so many great musicians who fell unwillingly by the wayside , he chose his own path .
The movie kind of flits along-if one wanted to be cruel one would use a word like `` dilettante '' - pleasantly and informatively enough without ever lifting off .
More than a musical offering , it 's a study in boundless passion , plus a wellspring of wisdom about art and life from a man who sees no dividing line between the one and the other .
Seymour : An Introduction is a loving and lovely tribute to a little-known American musician and mentor .
Hawke 's gaze is too adoring , but the solitary sight of Bernstein putting together his foldout couch/bed in his one-room apartment is as poignant as his recital of the `` Moonlight '' Sonata .
Some very special aspects of New York City hide in plain sight . A case in point is Seymour Bernstein , the subject of actor Ethan Hawke 's assured , meditative debut as a documentary director .
So effective does it close the distance between you and Mr. Bernstein that afterward you may find yourself scanning the streets , hoping to catch sight of him , as if for an old friend .
Sitting in on Bernstein 's piano classes are where the doc shines .
This cinema study is a gentle tribute from one friend to the other .
For his debut as a documentary director , Ethan Hawke picked retired concert pianist Seymour Bernstein as a subject . He was a good choice .
`` Seymour : An Introduction '' is a compendium of tutorial anecdotes and poetic aphorisms he 's collected over the years . Hawke 's approach is apostolic , as if he 's recording for posterity the sublime wisdom of a philosophical master .
Focusing on the quiet , assured Bernstein 's unassuming but powerful presence , Hawke 's film often plays like an attempt to share Bernstein 's experience with the world .
Ethan Hawke 's remarkable documentary puts us in close proximity to 80-something classical pianist Seymour Bernstein , whose funny , touching and vital presence is something you do n't want to miss .
The film claims to be an introduction , but it 's really a long series of conclusions .
Works both as a celebration of Bernstein , whose spirit is at once gentle and boldly generous , and as a way of exploring creativity and the meaning it can have in our lives .
Ethan Hawke 's concentration on Seymour Bernstein is n't a betrayal of his own ego massaging , but rather an attempt to have a genuine soul-bearing conversation .
Seymour Bernstein 's playing is technically marvelous , and in addition , his warm personality transfers to the music .
A predictably charming profile of little-known pianist Seymour Bernstein , but it really shines in its treatment of the musician 's penchant for mysticism and in its expertly edited Schubert finale .
A cogent and exquisite documentary about Seymour Bernstein , a classical pianist who has spent the last 30 years of his life passing on his wisdom and counsel to his students .
A forgotten genius , Bernstein also proves an unsung raconteur .
Hawke 's film is very well crafted , tightly edited and elegantly photographed . The acute musical selections only add to our appreciation of Seymour 's selfless devotion to his art .
In his calm defense of beauty , craftsmanship , intellectual curiosity and emotional connection as vital human needs , this is one artist who knows he does n't have to raise his voice to speak volumes .

@highlight

Seymour Bernstein 's genuineness shines so brightly in Seymour : An Introduction that viewers will forgive debuting director Ethan Hawke 's reverent treatment .