Despite some elemental flaws in logic and plausibility , this is a tense and potent film at times that hints at the sort of greatness that we can find to a greater degree in Ms. Arnold 's other works , Wasp and Fish Tank .
No drab stone is left unturned
Three-fifths of a great film , this stylish , Glasgow-based , Danish-inspired stalker drama does not deliver on its promise .
Sets a chilling downer mood that gets under your skin like few films ever do .
Ancorado pelas performances complexas de Dickie e Curran , o filme traz a diretora estreante Andrea Arnold como uma revelação a ser observada com atenção nos próximos anos .
Unfortunately , its superb performances and assured camerawork are overwhelmed by dubious psychology and a clichéd climax .
A brilliantly conceived thriller that keeps us guessing right up to the very end , Red Road intrigues but frustrates by its slow development and often incomprehensible Scottish dialogue
A strange sort of map of the city -LSB- is -RSB- spread across these fragmented cubes of visual information . And there 's also the metaphorical map of the characters ' lives , where they 're coming from and where they 're going .
I like that you 're never sure where this road is going to lead .
Like the Peeping Tom-paranoia of similar recent films Disturbia and Civic Duty , this finely crafted debut feature by Scottish writer/director Andrea Arnold packs a wallop .
Red Road is an atmospheric little thriller made up of equal parts paranoia , loneliness and anxiety .
The glacially paced film is tersely episodic , and scenes are thrown onto the screen like jagged bits of raw meat that have been torn from a bone .
It 's a jarring sensation , for a thriller not to be about the chase , or the mysterious force of evil lurking in the shadows , but about an intangible gulf dividing two people occupying the same room .
Though it 's paced as a thriller , the film ultimately emerges as a haunting exploration of how grief can weigh on us , and the depths to which it can drive us .
An impressive debut that is orchestrated with a deep , underlying tension that never lets us guess what will come .
I could n't get this film 's quiet power out of my mind .
A must for movie lovers who want to see how so much drama , mystery and emotion can be created from so little .
It should be noted that Red Road contains one extremely graphic sex scene . But like much else that transpires in Red Road , what is seen is not always what it looks like on the surface .
some may find the denouement a tad sentimental , but it is a long , dark and twisted journey that takes us there , scrutinising the shadier contours of human loss and guilt like a grainy face on a screen .
For a voyeuristic medium , this tale of a voyeur does a poor job of prying into its own protagonist 's life .
Jackie 's story extends beyond her control , no matter what she sees , thinks she sees , or tries to see .
A woman-directed film that aspires to compete on that predominantly male turf , not with an opposing and challenging female perspective , but by stepping up to the plate to make a sexually voyeuristic , sluttier than thou movie about women .
It 's a wonderful debut , despite all the pain you may feel watching it .
With assured performers , handheld cameras and natural lighting -- the ABCs of the Dogme method -- -LSB- Andrea -RSB- Arnold has given this ambitious undertaking a provocative start .
Those willing to work their way through a woman 's halting effort to overcome grief will find it a sensitive and engrossing film , though not always an entirely plausible one .
This psychological thriller does have a few effective moments . However , it goes a little further - too far , in fact . There are some sexually explicit moments in this that would likely garner an NC-17 rating had it been submitted to the U.S. ratings board .
Arnold 's strong grip on her material and her absolute trust in her fearless actors yield rich rewards from dark psychological terrain .
Jackie -LRB- Kate Dickie -RRB- works as a CCTV operator . Each day she watches over a small part of the world , protecting the people living their lives under her gaze . One day a man appears on her monitor , a man she thought she would never see again , a man she never
Red Road is a knockout first feature from Andrea Arnold ... Her intimate thriller raises moral questions as it ponders guilt , revenge and redemption .
-LSB- Director Arnold -RSB- drops the voyeurism theme almost entirely , a bait-and-switch that does n't cripple Red Road so much as snip off its richest and eeriest thread .
The acting in ` Red Road ' is understated and superb , however that does n't compensate for the overall dreariness of this film .
If you survive the first hour without nodding off , you may find , as I did , that ` Red Road ' is a thought-provoking story of revenge , heartbreak and forgiveness .
Strong performances by Curran and Dickie and by Martin Compston and Natalie Press as Clyde 's roommates make Red Road worth a look .
Though not flawless , this is a compelling study , in Dogme style , of a wounded young woman who spends her working life spying on others .
A hypnotically absorbing suspense story in the Patricia Highsmith mold , Red Road draws us in with doom-laden images of high-tech voyeurism before pummeling us with shock twists .
It is a film that stealthily pries open the most hardened hearts , defying expectations and offering us a heroine we realize we cherish about 30 seconds after we finally decide we like her .
Red Road feels like a descent into hell .
Dickie -LSB- gives a -RSB- mesmerizing performance
A detailed character study that yanks us into the emotions of someone we might not glance at twice if we saw her on the street .
It 's a fully realized portrait of a city , Glasgow , a portrait of a smart , watchful woman who works as a security monitor and who has endured great loss ; and a portrait of the act and psychological implications of surveillance .
... a moody , gritty exploration of working class Glasgow that features terrific performances but suffers from an over reliance on misdirection and an underlying motivation which ... does n't sit quite right .
It 's impossible to predict when the next two-thirds of this Advance Party Concept triptych are going to look like . But with characters like these -- and actors like these -- it 's easy to be optimistic about the stories they still have to tell .
A sexy and cunningly disorienting thriller that provokes the viewer into a state of anxious participation from first to last frame .
This prickly sketch of a vengeance born out of loneliness and alienation carries the weight of horror of the everyday ...
Red Road is a portrait of a voyeur , and it invites us to become voyeurs of the voyeur .
The problem with this `` thriller '' is that it 's boring .
Despite the thick Scottish accents , filmmaker Andrea Arnold kept me intrigued , but beyond a certain point the movie 's ambiguity fades into indifference .
Red Road is a promising debut by a talented director , but with luck , next time , Arnold will be in a real position of authority , and not just manning someone else 's watchtower .
What this debut feature delivers in terms of storytelling and style , however , is n't just the promise of potential ; it 's the sign of someone hitting her stride straight out of the gate .
Her coolly dispassionate , entirely harrowing approach mixes gritty realism with a grimly understated violence that perfectly suits the subject she 's chosen to explore .
Dickie is intense in her screen debut , which requires her to be in nearly every scene . The supporting cast is strong , and Robbie Ryan 's handheld camera provides gritty ambiance for this taut thriller .
If you think about it too closely , Andrea Arnold 's jarring feature debut does n't quite hold up . But chances are you 'll be so focused on her lead , Kate Dickie , that you wo n't even notice .
Scary and utterly original .
The queasy mixture of sympathy and curiosity that Red Road evokes is evidence of a talented , risk-taking filmmaker discovering her power .
Arnold 's more successful than Michael Winterbottom -LRB- 9 Songs -RRB- or even John Cameron Mitchell -LRB- Shortbus -RRB- in unselfconsciously blending explicit sexuality within a narrative .
specific and real -- punishingly so .
A thoroughly original gritty urban drama set in Glasgow that covers surveillance , urban loneliness , grief , and empathy .
A spellbinding , intelligent thriller that takes its time to get where it 's going but is well worth the trip .
The measure of Red Road is that it leaves us hungry for what comes next .
What makes this multi-layered masterpiece memorable is Jackie 's convincing transformation from damaged goods into a wanton temptress conflicted about whether or not to use her body to gain the confidence of this recently-paroled ex-con . Revenge as the swe
This flawed but arresting film boasts an ` atmospheric and intense thriller ' air and intentionally leaves minor points open to stimulate discussion .
Andrea Arnold 's Red Road , from her own screenplay , is the director 's remarkable feature-film debut after three internationally well-received shorts , Milk -LRB- 1998 -RRB- , Dog -LRB- 2001 -RRB- and Wasp -LRB- 2003 -RRB- .
A haunting treat and taut tale that combines civic surveillance with voyeurism , revenge with eroticism .
Its style is its substance , featuring a lonely woman who stalks a man , her motive revealed only at the conclusion of the story .
Despite restrictive Dogme conditions -LRB- it 's part of a series -RRB- , Arnold , the only woman in 2006 Cannes Competition , has made a bold surveillance thriller that raises provocative questions about ethics and sexuality ; a companion piece to Lives of Others
Kate Dickie turns in an intense , layered performance as Jackie . Considering the fact that she barely speaks a word in the course of the film , it 's especially impressive .
In a triumph of filmmaking , Arnold has endowed a tale of female rage with disquieting social resonance .
Arnold impose un rythme réglé au quart de tour positionnant les enjeux dramatiques du récit dans une situation de constante évolution ,
An odd , unsatisfying meditation on grief .
It 's dynamite , the kind of sexy , paranoid , creepily atmospheric picture that invades all your senses at once .
By limiting our entry into Jackie 's headspace , Red Road feels disingenuously committed to sympathetically portraying her situation , partly using her circumstances as pretense for narrative suspense .
A slow-burning but enticing thriller , it captures its working class Glaswegian setting in absorbing detail .
Where it excels is in capturing the dead end hopelessness of Glasgow 's boozers and tower blocks .
An extraordinarily mature and thoughtful film .
It 's incredibly tense .
What we have here is one of those very long , very slow dramas that might just have worked if the inevitable twist ending had been worth sticking around for . But it is n't .
Katie Dickie gives an astonishing performance as Jackie , displaying a cold , brittle exterior that occasionally cracks to reveal both pain and passion in equal measure .
Thankfully , Arnold 's talent is more convincing than her storyline .
That devilish idea machine Lars von Trier reached into his bag of tricks and came up with the Advance Party project .
A Lynne Ramsay-esque Scottish handwringer in that it could possibly make you want to come home and take your own life . That was a compliment , in case you were n't sure .
A strong story -- involving and moving and probably a little too long .
Red Road does not make easy viewing , yet emerges as compulsively watchable .
Sensual , dark in every sense , but a touch derivative , Red Road reps an impressive feature debut for Brit writer-helmer Andrea Arnold .
A tense and provocative thriller revolving around a past tragedy .





@highlight

Red Road director Andrea Arnold skillfully parses out just enough plot details at a time to keep the audience engrossed in this seductive thriller .