Unexpected is of a piece with the films of Ryan Fleck -LRB- Half Nelson -RRB- and Ramin Bahrani -LRB- Goodbye Solo -RRB- in that she dodges melodrama in favor of realistic concerns given life by the crackling chemistry between her central duo .
This is a smart , sophisticated piece of storytelling that will please any and all crowds .
Painfully earnest , Unexpected dances around some interesting issues - race , class , poverty , bodily autonomy - without ever grappling with them in any meaningful or dramatic way .
A rare movie about pregnancy that recognizes and engages with the reality that it can be a complicated and confusing process .
With a 90-minute running time , Unexpected would fit comfortably , with room for commercial breaks , in a two-hour network time slot . How did it ever find a theatrical release ?
So-so drama about pregnant women with very different lives .
Unexpected collapses disappointingly even as it points in an intriguing new direction for its maker .
While Unexpected does n't actively pursue a greater conversation on race and privilege , or even the state of Chicago 's education system , it does spark a conversation .
Unexpected has its heart in the right place , but it ultimately ca n't decide what it wants to be .
This tale of maternal bonding benefits from believable performances and a recognizably human setting .
The universal act of having a baby plays out in interesting and humorous ways in Unexpected , a well-performed comedy-drama about class differences and similarities .
Smulders gives one of the most natural performances of her career , and Bean 's subtle , strong work announces her as a young actress to watch .
Both performances are terrific and the film has a solid handle on the socioeconomic and domestic consequences for its characters .
Unexpected is a well-acted and produced film -LSB- ... -RSB- but -LSB- it -RSB- can not compensate for its movie-of-the-week material .
A well-intentioned snooze . ... The script 's high point for adrenaline is when Samantha and Jasmine make the impulsive decision to - wait for it - litter .
The movie is n't heavy or unapproachable . It 's just authentic , wonderfully so at times , seizing the complexity of life through potent dramatics and deeply felt performances .
This is an intelligent film that speaks volumes about its characters , and it does so with sensitivity to the specifics of their individual experiences .
Except for a bit of contrived conflict that arises toward the end , the connection between these two expectant mothers-who are at vastly different points in their lives-rings with a mutual kindness and compassion .
Thanks to an intelligent script and the performances of Cobie Smulders , Gail Bean and Elizabeth McGovern , the minutiae of everyday life in this small , lovely film will capture your interest .
Unexpected features fine performances from both women and I 'd love to see more from newcomer Bean , showing grace and maturity onscreen .
If their story feels more like a dramatized argument than an involving drama , that 's no fault of the lovely , unforced performances by Cobie Smulders and newcomer Gail Bean .
-LSB- A -RSB- lovely , auspicious piece of small-budget filmmaking .
Smulders and Bean , with gentle and honest performances , sell it beautifully , and the tone is both warmhearted and realistic .
It mostly fails to acutely capture the careful observations and shaggy , handmade structure that makes a movie still feel animated and close to the heart .
The chemistry between Smulders and Bean is simply terrific . Their performances almost save the film from its earnest , if bumbling , attempts to make a statement about the social , economic , and racial differences that divide the two characters .
-LSB- Swanberg -RSB- tries to be fair to all parties , which smothers the conflict with a warm blanket .
`` Unexpected '' offers the satisfactions of a very good made-for-television movie . For all the unexpectedness endured by the characters , it studiously plays it safe .
This is modest and gentle but seldom sentimental ; Swanberg and conscreenwriter Megan Mercier depict the challenges these characters face but take care not to let those challenges define them .
Good ideas and great casting do n't always make for a good movie , as Kris Swanberg 's Unexpected demonstrates .
Swanberg has crafted a universal story observed through small details .
-LSB- A -RSB- lovely , minor-key indie .
Cobie Smulders ' unadorned , low-key , ego-drained performance as a single , 30-year-old pregnant Chicago schoolteacher serves as the attractive hub of Kris Swanberg 's carefully observed domestic drama Unexpected .
It 's the same warmth and kindness that makes us care about these two characters that smothers the film 's fire before it can ever get roaring .
`` Unexpected '' would have been enriched by a more generous balance between the two characters ' worlds . But Swanberg shows a sure , sensitive hand in limning the upshots and downsides of life 's most blessed events .
It 's a little diagrammatic in its plotting . But there 's an easy fluency in the way Swanberg empathizes with everybody on screen .
Not that these things do n't matter , but they do n't exactly make for riveting cinema .
Much better as a portrait of the unpleasant sides of pregnancy .
The intimacy of its relationships and sense of scale mostly work in favor of a story about decisions and compromises .
Unexpected is a genuine treat , moving , honest , endearing , and full of heart .
The movie 's radiance comes from -LSB- Gail Bean -RSB- .
The story is rooted in real world concerns and practical issues .
For a movie about surprises ... there really are n't many .
An admirable achievement by all concerned .
Unexpected , a disappointing what-to-expect-when-you 're - expecting comedy , tackles thorny issues of class and racial inequality with undue mildness .
Basically a Lifetime Original Movie with swearing , but sweet and well-acted .
It suggests that Kris Swanberg has taken notes on what a film concerned with pregnancy should include without actually making it .
Warm , friendly , and often very funny .
While Unexpected may be too sunny for its own good at times , its sincerity always shines through .
Very likable . Cobie Smulders is excellent .
It shows you can find humor in supportive relationships and maturity in the handling of complications , even when they fall specifically at the act three mark .
`` Unexpected '' is sweet and the portrait of the friendship is lovely , but it also feels too slight .
Swanberg moves into more conventional though quite satisfying territory with a personal exploration of the anticipation and anxieties encountered on the road to maternity .
Swanberg has created a lovely film that it 's hard to find anything to not like about it , but it also never tries to be anything more than what sets it out to be .
Cobie Smulders and Gail Bean are sublime as expectant mothers in Kris Swanberg 's breakout work .

@highlight

Unexpected proves a thoughtful and well-acted -- if somewhat mild -- look at worthy , thought-provoking themes .