A well-intentioned misfire ...
It is frustrating to watch the film blow some respectable capital on indulgence in narrative frippery .
In my opinion , the film tries to cover too much ground . The plot strands do n't exactly coalesce into a tight story . Perhaps that was -LSB- the director 's -RSB- intent , but for me something was missing . The cast does yeoman work but I somehow could n't exactly get ca
When Tauber finds his focus , The Architect is worth watching . But Tauber rarely finds his focus .
It would bear mentioning that nothing winds up being resolved in the film , if it were n't for the fact that there 's nothing to resolve .
What makes the movie satisfying is the fact that its ethnic tensions are never overtly exacerbated , but rather subtly illustrated simply by the comparison of the decadent malaise of the spoiled-rotten versus the neverending nightmare of the have-nots .
Despite his obvious earnestness , first-time director and cowriter Matt Tauber is ill equipped to mine emotions this complex .
Too many `` big '' moments are happening to too many people for the movie to feel plausible , and Tauber tries to tie many of those plots together in a way that seems contrived .
Occasionally a pallid film is salvaged by one wonderful performance . To the extent The Architect will be remembered , it will be for giving a starring role to the exceptional Viola Davis .
Given the fact that The Architect is obviously a work in the tradition of Arthur Miller and Tennessee Williams , not to mention Henrik Ibsen , it 's disappointing .
The movie does n't so much tell a story as scream its messages at us in a series of awkward scenes that test the actors ' ability to make fake-o dialogue seem like something an actual person might say .
I am sick to death of taking the White Guilt Trip .
The Architect wears its heavy social consciousness like an albatross , and Tauber 's plodding , earnest direction does little to wean the material away from its stage roots .
Painfully portentous and more solemn than Santa 's funeral , The Architect gets this year 's prize for the movie most likely to spoil holiday cheer .
Despite graphic scenes of drug - and crime-infested buildings where people are forced to live behind bars like prisoners , The Architect still feels stagebound , inert when it needs to be cinematic .
... A grim little exercise in exorcising middle-class guilt .
Skids mightily in the transition from three to two dimensions .
... The Architect is filled with ciphers and symbols , without a smidgen of narrative reason to hold it together .
For all the added scope and locations of the film medium , it still seems as stagy and claustrophobic as hell .
sapped by sluggish direction
The story 's structure is overly configured , and -LSB- writer David -RSB- Greig 's characters feel less like people than bullet points .
There are too many characters undergoing life changes in the story for each to be properly developed in an 82-minute movie .
The dull indie drama The Architect comes from the stage , which is where it should have stayed .
... much of what 's on the screen feels like a creaky , tone-deaf classroom exercise in mechanical contrivance .
Stage-to-screen transition stumbles , however , when the concept of ` home ' no longer provides an evocative offstage metaphor but , instead , becomes a thudding on-screen presence .
Too well meaning and self-congratulatory for its own good .
Families in crisis always make for good drama . What we 've got are the usual good people suffering for little or no reason , and for some audiences , that 's always forefends a rollicking good time ... NOT !
An award-winning architect finds himself pitted against a resident who has to live in one of his deteriorating housing blocks in Chicago in Matt Tauber 's thoughtful second feature .
It 's a compact and symmetrical picture with all its plot points in the right places , but I never found it convincing in the slightest .
Every character in The Architect is crazily stuccoed with crisis .
The Architect is an affecting study in the private loneliness and strength of Tonya , a woman who understands her own motives only imperfectly but presses ahead anyway .
Each of the characters have their own quirky stories that feel as if they 'll add meaning or emotional impact to the central conflict , but ultimately , they do n't .
The connective tissue between disparate characters -LRB- such as the gay black kid from the projects who befriends a rich closeted white dude -RRB- can sometimes feel too convenient , but the situations are consistently well-realized and mature .
Flaunts lame ghetto and dark-side-of-suburbia clichés in self-loathing standstill after self-loathing standstill , none of which offer a genuinely insightful perspective on modern living .
Build it , and they will complain .




@highlight

A glum drama that 's so self-affected it fails to affect .