This Vanity Fair delights the eye , but Nair may be too much the humanist for her own good : she has n't the instinct for the kill .
Though visually stunning , director Mira Nair 's abridged tale never engages .
Lovely literary adaptation with class issues , battle scenes .
From the ostentatious costumes by designer Beatrix Aruna Pasztor -LRB- `` Wonder Boys '' -RRB- to the annoying male hairstyles that permeate every scene , `` Vanity Fair '' is a movie that depends on its overall visual effect to hypnotize audiences into overlooking the film
Yay ! England sucks and India is cool ! Well , except for that troublesome caste system , of course .
In Vanity Fair 's universe without heroes , shameless central character Becky Sharp would have surely felt supremely at home stuck on Temptation Island , or in the boardroom of The Apprentice .
To our utter delight , these stories and messages are told with superb acting , amazing costumes that burst with color and texture , and dazzling locales .
Es una sólida adaptación de la novela de Thackeray por la que bien vale la pena pagar el boleto .
Becky 's adept maneuvering through upper society 's pitfalls is sometimes muddled from too many characters and too little explanation , but Witherspoon remains fun to watch ...
Not at all the stiff costume drama bore I thought this movie was going to be .
Witherspoon is the only thing that kept me watching Vanity Fair even as my eyelids morphed into anvils .
Lacking a character we really care about , we 're left floundering in a mud puddle of human misbehavior . -LSB- But -RSB- the performances are all impressive .
As Vanity Fair rests unsteadily between floral elegance and grim satire , Mira Nair 's auteurist touches keep it engaging as it fails to get a grip on Thackeray 's scope .
In Vanity Fair , Witherspoon presents a complex character beautifully , even when her character 's choices vastly depart from her own values .
Reese Witherspoon is miscast in this poor adaptation of the popular novel .
Even though the central stories are compelling , dividing the film between them means we never have anyone to grab hold of .
It has all the feel of a clone .
I knew Scarlett O'Hara and you , Ms Witherspoon , are no Scarlett O'Hara
The director 's vision seems as obstructed by affectation as the vision of the classist characters in her film .
Reese 's piece certainly looks good , it 's just not terribly engaging .
Although long and disjointed , with characters ... from Gone With the Wind , and burdened by -LRB- terrible -RRB- audio ... , Vanity Fair is an entertaining film that held my interest .
Nair ... revels in Thackeray 's lampooning of genteel class warfare ...
Told against a lush and vast canvas , Mira Nair 's Vanity Fair is one of the very best movies of the year .
The film gives a panoramic view of life in the 19th century and provides an enjoyable movie going experience .
robs the story of some of its sharper edges , turning Thackery 's greedy , avarice-ridden social climber into an updated rags-to-riches romantic fantasy
It hurts your fanny in the end .
Ah , to be young , bright , and scheming in 19th century Britain !
It 's lavish but lulling , and at two hours and 18 minutes , it 's something of a bore .
A less than absorbing adaptation of Thackeray 's sprawling but sharp-witted classic .
Vanity Fair nearly tanks due to Nair 's anti-Brit slant . Long live the Reese !
A few cast members bring a scene or two alive , but Vanity Fair is mostly mismanaged .
More daring , more unexpected , and more thoroughly alive than anything this stuffy genre has seen since Gosford Park
... after a promising start , it eventually settles into repeating the same scene over and over again .
However flawed Nair 's film may be , it still has so many rewards to offer that it almost seems petty to complain about its problems .
If you had any idea how horrible this book is , you would love how wonderfully this film came out .
... this post-modern version of Vanity Fair has a surfeit of humor and some delightful surprises
Vanity Fair 's first hour is its most potent but then the film succumbs to one too many melodramatic turns before wrapping up its story -- and characters -- in a too neat bow .
What it needs is more emphasis on the ` vanity ' and less on the ` fair . '
This is a middling venture destined for English lit courses .
Still , with a cast this good and production value so inspiring Vanity Fair is a hard movie to let go of . Nair gets this era of British history spot-on showcasing a collision of cultures brought about by English imperialism .
Scene by scene and moment to moment , it 's a woeful misreading of the book .
I found it too slow and too long .
... overly pretentious ...
Vanity Fair is a must see , if only because the really , really good stuff does n't come out for another two months or so .
More or less a vanity project for Reese Witherspoon , Mira Nair 's adaptation of the great William Makepeace Thackeray novel is long and legally bland .
In the center of Nair 's dizzying , polychromatic social swirl stands Witherspoon 's irrepressible Becky , and the film rises and falls on her well-shaped shoulders .
Witherspoon moves director Mira Nair 's version of Thackeray 's social satire forward at a good clip , making Becky 's rising and falling fortunes an intensely watchable spectator sport .
There is no depth beneath its bright surfaces , no potent emotional undercurrents .
Perhaps Oscar voters will find something to love here -LRB- perhaps some intriguing costume designs -RRB- , but for the rest of us , Vanity Fair is a snooze .
A charming movie that falls short of greatness , but is still worth a solid recommendation .
A lively retelling of William Makepeace Thackeray 's classic tale .
` Sweet Home England ' this is not .
Well-paced , colorful and with a superb supporting cast , the pluses outweight the minuses in this `` Fair . ''
Even though it 's a valiant effort , Vanity Fair just lacks the necessary talent and oomph to propel it to the level of an elegant , entertaining English period piece .
not a picture that will satisfy Thackeray fanatics ... but it does serve as an admirable showcase for Witherspoon . ... The sparkle fades in the second hour , however ...
Vanity Fair is a lush , lavish production that preserves Thackeray 's acid sketches of British society in upheaval ...
Seems to be less an adapatation of the classic 19th-century novel by William Makepeace Thackeray and more of an adaptation of the magazine that bears the same title .
Witherspoon is solid in this adaptation , but Nair 's direction is what makes it more than just petticoats and plotting .
Witherspoon dishes out disarming charm and surprisingly effective vulnerability . It 's a performance worthy of Academy Award consideration .
Even with a running time of more than 2 hours , this kind of condensation means we race through the story 's second half in a time warp not aided by Nair 's garish , out-of-nowhere and out-of-place Indian interludes .
Though it 's an accomplished production , Vanity Fair ranks as a standard costume drama populated by snide old biddies , aging lords and ladies , manipulative business barons and dashing soldiers .
We 're left with an increasingly weak-willed protagonist and a narrative with no driving force -- no motor .
It 's a frequently enjoyable picture , less intimate than director Mira Nair 's previous Monsoon Wedding but a good deal livelier than star Reese Witherspoon 's last Brit-lit outing , the flaccid The Importance of Being Earnest .
Vanity Fair is an ambitious film that seems at times to mistrust its own reach , but for all its flaws , makes for a worthy start to the painfully long awards season .
What 's missing from this Vanity Fair is the sense of plucky , anything-goes adventurousness that abounds in Thackeray 's novel .
Witherspoon seems unwilling to give Becky Sharp the intensity she needs .
Nair 's turgid , melodramatic travesty of Thackeray 's gimlet-eyed satire .
Those willing to commit themselves , sit back , and take in all the film can offer should find the experience very rewarding .
The movie is n't Cliffs Notes , so much as it is a fast-food drive-thru for a classic novel . Beautifully filmed and its costumes are seamless , though the story 's not .
`` Vanity Fair is to Reese Witherspoon as `` Erin Brockovich '' was to Julia Roberts -- only with a much better wardrobe .
What might work powerfully on the page comes off on the screen as not terribly interesting .
Mira Nair 's keen eye and artistic flair are abundantly evident in this lush screen adaptation .
It does n't do justice to Thackeray 's most famous novel .
Witherspoon 's simply terrific , and it 's amazing how quickly and easily she sheds speculation that she was too modern for the role .
By film 's end , audiences are bound to be left dissatisfied with the choppy and confusing storytelling style and unhappy about the missed opportunity .
The main trouble with softening Becky is that after a certain point she no longer makes sense : Thackeray 's plot eventually requires her to act in ways that are entirely at odds with Nair 's more heroic conception of Becky .
Lively and mostly successful treatment -- at least until the barbs are blunted in the messy third act .
Nair , who also directed Monsoon Wedding , has trouble juggling all the characters here , but she brings to Vanity Fair some of her previous film 's zest for life .
-LSB- Nair -RSB- has achieved a near-miracle of literary transmutation , taking a supremely rich , complicated and clear-eyed 19th century novel and turning it into a coherent and highly entertaining movie .
A pared-down but wonderfully cluttered rendition of Thackeray 's work , beautifully acted by a dream troupe of performers .
This Becky is a bawdier , lustier woman who , by giving us a character who aspires to be that which she already is by nature , peppers this humorously raw telling with a weightier conflict , conscience and irony .
The satire is sharply observed and the performances acutely felt , most of all Witherspoon 's .
A lot of things happen , all of it fairly absorbing , some of it rendered vividly .
A feel-good gift to moderns , yet why not feel so good ? Thackeray , and his Becky , would have relished it .
Few other young actresses can jut out their jaw in ambitious determination as charmingly as Witherspoon -- and remain sympathetic .
It 's one thing to understand Becky -- do we have to love her , too ?
Beyond the performances , it 's Nair 's vision that makes Vanity Fair appealing . The production is stunning , with evocative location shooting .
Much like its conniving heroine : witty , frequently charming , but not quite up to snuff .
The movie has the look and feel of an ornate runaway carriage that cuts its own path through town and country . With Nair at the reins and Witherspoon as the passenger , we are in good hands and spirited company .
-LSB- Nair -RSB- clearly loves these characters , the kind and unkind alike . And the proof of this is that she makes them all so marvelously vivid .
As a film , Vanity Fair has a lot going for it -- including acting and energy .
Instead of a sly critique of hypocrisy and pretense in all social classes , the film is a stodgy , unremarkable costume drama with all the bite of a poodle .
With its diminished gravitas , this Becky comes across as a lightweight schemer about as formidable as an aspiring trophy wife on a daytime soap .
Shoehorning all these characters and plot threads into one film is perhaps overly ambitious , but Nair makes Vanity Fair an elegant showcase for an unforgettable heroine .
Crams in so many of the events and characters of Thackeray 's 900-page novel that the story often seems to be moving on fast-forward .
On the whole , Nair has mounted a handsome and intelligent production that holds nothing back .
In the end , Nair is no match for Thackeray , whose thesis that Becky was a victim of circumstances , to which she added bad judgment like insult to injury , remains persuasive despite attempts to improve on it .
No longer a biting , satirical jab at 19th century English society but a somewhat soppy soap opera about social climbing and romance .
A never-ending Western story that benefits from Nair 's philosophically Eastern point of view .
Plays only marginally livelier than your average Masterpiece Theatre epic .
Thackeray 's lumbering , episodic narrative rarely comes to life . Even Witherspoon 's trademark perkiness seems muted and dulled .
As evidence of Reese Witherspoon 's maturation , it is a revelation .
Nair navigates narrative waters littered by a shipwreck 's worth of detritus ; too many characters bob and sink .
This might be tolerable if Nair had n't missed the central point , that Becky Sharp is n't sharp like spice , she 's sharp like a razor .
How do you chop a 900-page book about social climbing down into a two-hour star vehicle ? By distracting audiences with that adorable Reese Witherspoon and some amazing costumes , that 's how .
A bit stiff and predictable .
It 's executed poorly , with a lack of energy and spark .
The company -LRB- in particular Witherspoon , James Purefoy and Eileen Atkins -RRB- is better than pleasant , even when it is behaving badly .
A magnificent viewing experience , with each costume and set capturing the grandeur and squalor of both England and India .
This sprawling novel has too many characters , too many locations and covers too much time to be successfully crammed into a feature-length film .
A highly satisfying period-style soap opera with heaving bosoms , elaborate hairdos and a sweeping look at history .
The peculiar quality of Vanity Fair , which sets it aside from the Austen adaptations such as Sense and Sensibility and Pride and Prejudice , is that it 's not about very nice people . That makes them much more interesting .
A Vanity Fair with a lovable Becky Sharp has no reason to exist . It 's as if Shakespeare had put Hamlet on Prozac : What 's the point ?
Sounds and looks as handsome as any Masterpiece Theatre miniseries .
Graced with Nair 's loving direction , Witherspoon 's radiance and that great cast , it is a treat , if somewhat less so than the novel .
Against such bedraggled antagonists , the older , well-seasoned character actors -- among them Bob Hoskins , Jim Broadbent , and Geraldine McEwan -- come on bright but loud , like gangbusters .
if the class struggles of the corseted clans are your thing , then Fair is a decently-acted and good looking film that 's worth your time and money
Mira Nair and writer Julian Fellowes reestablish Thackery 's sense of melodrama , but can not fully recapture the novel 's social criticism .
The shuffle of historical events and supporting characters gets a bit exhausting , and you notice a few performers ... left with little to do .
Although the episodic nature sometimes gets in the way of narrative propulsion , the lively characters -- and the hypocrisies they inadvertently champion -- remain watchable .
Nair 's ambitions get the best of her , and poison the clarity of her vision .
Showing up in what amounts to cinematic cameos , India absolutely blows 19th century England away . It made me wish more of the tale took place there .
Starts with energetic glee , but , by the end , it 's mocking itself more than skewering society .
Trying to adapt a lengthy period novel is always a bit ambitious and you end up skimming the surface of the story - visually , it 's stunning but a bit heavy on the melodrama .
Thackeray 's readers could not help but root for his ` I 'm no angel Becky , ' but there 's nothing to care for in this overblown production .
An honorable failure . Nair 's warm humanism is a poor match for Thackeray 's misanthropic tendencies ... makes the mistake of trying to turn the story into a crowd-pleaser .
At the risk of being brutal , I would say that the Witherspoon of Legally Blonde , a far more bubbleheaded picture , was not merely sharper but Sharper than her Becky .
Dull and mostly lifeless ... leaving viewers with little but a series of pretty pictures of pretty actors in pretty costumes .
Watching it is the equivalent of investing ten million dollars at 0.2 % interest .
... demands too many abrupt about-faces for characters who are given episodic screen time to make epic evolutions
A ` Vanity Fair ' with a half-realized Becky Sharp is , in the end , a Vanity Unsatisfactory .
Witherspoon is not really a girl who flaunts sexuality ; she is more of a prepster 's pinup , akin to her persona in Election as opposed to say Kathleen Turner in Body Heat .
Unfortunately -LRB- Witherspoon -RRB- fails to inspire much sympathy for the novel 's cunning , charmingly conniving , social-climbing heroine .
Witherspoon takes on the movie the way Becky takes on the world , with oceans of sheer star quality to dazzle and beguile . Resistance is futile .
A catastrophe ! Reese Witherspoon 's bad acting turns Becky Sharp into Becky Stupid .
The pacing feels choppy , and the characters ' emotions are sometimes too sudden to be believable .
Like her heroine , -LSB- Nair 's -RSB- movie bewitches , but lacks bite .
Nair 's least persuasive film , in part because Becky has been reimagined as such a modern , proto-feminist heroine that she sometimes seems advanced beyond her environment ...
This exquisite screen adaptation of Thackeray 's 1847 morality play has great relevance to our time when envy and efforts to make it into the Winning Class are widespread .
Chock-full of praiseworthy performances and impeccably directed by Nair , the film 's flaw is that there 's something standoffishness about the whole production .
Opulent yet bland , never venturing below the veneer of its story
Vanity Fair is a timeless story about life lived , and a skewering of upper class society . Am I less of a man for falling in love with this female friendly movie ?
Very nice piece of work .
Aaw , the exquisite dullness of bourgeois cinema , so intensely preoccupied with period detail , solemn men and pale girls .
Not unpleasant in a bland Masterpiece Theatre way , but not very faithful to its astringent source either ... easy to sit through but not particularly engaging .
Taking a cue from Thackeray 's spry , witty , self-referential narration , Indian director Nair emphasizes the allusions to her native country ... as a land of exotic escape ...
a lush , sprawling , sensual film that totters unevenly under the weight of its own ambition ... an apt metaphor considering that its heroine has the same Achilles Heel .
A tedious period piece without a cutting edge .
Lush costumes and gorgeous sets highlight this tale of 19th century social climber , Becky Sharp .
With a novel of such length , you either have to make a miniseries or adapt it more ruthlessly .
A collection of intermittent pleasures than a satisfying emotional repast .
Lovely to look at with a sardonic look at class warfare .
The spirit of that most modern of 19th century heroines , Becky Sharp , remains intact , and Nair 's Indian touches make for an intriguing , fresh approach .
Like The House of Mirth -- more so , when you think about both pictures being headed by amber-haired actresses who are in way over their heads .
Mira Nair mistakenly makes the conniving Becky a symbol of modern feminist pluckiness .
This film , which aims to expose the banal reality behind the grande facade of high society , itself proves to have no depth .












@highlight

A more likable Becky Sharp makes for a less interesting movie .