The charm of Güeros , by Alonso Ruizpalacios , is in its variety of ... apparent contradictions . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Güeros provides space for this type of dialogue -LRB- parallels of social criticisms -RRB- delivered through beautiful prose , colloquialisms , music and humor .
With the Mexican student strike of 99 as a backdrop and the use of black and white photography and playful camerawork , Güeros is a fresh and interesting film that must be seen . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Güeros is not a perfect film , but it has freshness and honesty , it 's ingenious and sensitive , and just for that it 's worth seeing it . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A good one , though at times rather grim for a playful comedy .
Güeros is an Alice in Wonderland in Mexico City , an incredible visual and sensory exercise on a group of characters orphans of home and identity . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Tomás and his friends are delightful companions on our journey through this somewhat stylised Mexico City location that 's new for most of us .
It plays like a dreamy , structurally fractured Richard Linklater homage to the French new wave .
Seek this one out , then make a friend happy by forcing them to see it too .
A very smart debut .
The sincere performances , engaging music choices and confident direction all help confirm Ruizpalacios as a promising new voice in Mexican cinema .
Palacios deftly navigates the landscape , seamlessly switching tones , moods and paces , rendering Gueros a film full of rich emotions , raw settings , and a unique portrait of youth in rebellion .
`` Güeros '' is brutal , ironic , madcap , and grim .
As self-aware black-and-white , nouvelle-vague-tribute fever dreams go , Güeros is surprisingly beautiful , inventive and convincing .
Handsomely shot by Damian Garcia in full-frame black-and-white , Güeros is at times both painfully arty and arbitrarily plotted .
Güeros is more than a movie , it 's an event . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A very well told story with lots of memorable dialogue . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
One of the most enjoyable Mexican movies in recent memory . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Ruizpalacios ' intention is to put on the spot the generations of our fathers , and their fathers , and their fathers ' fathers , saying they all had the same goal : To find our place in the world . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
... shows the influence of the French New Wave and Fellini , even dipping into David Lynch territory with its unique sound design
Shot in glorious black-and-white , Alonso Ruiz Palacios ' Güeros follows the indie-slacker template to the letter , but it ultimately meanders too much for its own good .
It 's never clear about what its intentions are , but it opens up a dialogue , something rare in movies these days . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's larky , and therefore likable , although the youthful spirit rarely deepens into anything beyond that .
`` Gueros '' is bound to frustrate conventional filmgoers looking for a more tangible story , as well as the art house audience unconsciously looking for the same stylistic indie product that has been cranked out for decades .
It 's an utterly refreshing cinematic romp , oozing style , substance and grit .
It touches on real issues like student strikes and class disparity , but does so with whimsical flexibility and self-aware humor .
Risky , fresh , irreverent and visually clever . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
A unique , fresh and original masterpiece . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
The story is quite naive to fascinate the audience but it 's also quite brilliant to make us talk about it long after watching it . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
Güeros summarizes the spirit of freedom that fosters a poetic quest intermittently thanks to a script loaded of expectations -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
Great screenplay ; highly recommended . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
Whimsical , mysterious and subtly tragic ...
As a whole , Gueros does not hang together at all . But its pieces are intriguing enough to warrant a look for fans of stylish visual filmmaking .
Agreeable this film certainly is , but the shagginess never seems to take shape .
Every five minutes or so , Ruizpalacios comes up with something strikingly expressionistic .
Even if Güeros does n't entirely work , it feels worthy : a film made independently and without interference whose reverence for the past thankfully does n't result in too much solemnity or seriousness .
More than perhaps any other country , Mexico has lobbed some real cinematic intelligence onto the world stage in recent years . `` Güeros '' continues that salutary tradition .
There 's no reverie Alonso Ruizpalacios 's Güeros ca n't shatter , no presumed truth it ca n't complicate , no expectation of closure it wo n't dash .
`` Güeros '' is like a flip-book history lesson , one that evokes the pain and comedy - the pop , the politics , the tedium and the momentousness - of a particular moment in the endless , cyclical chronicles of youth and disillusionment .
A witty , emotionally authentic comedy/drama that heralds the arrival of a true filmmaking talent in first-time feature director Alonso Ruiz Palacios .
Prone to fits of playfulness and oddball poetry reminiscent of past no-budget greats , but it has its own specific shade of weird .
By all indications , Ruizpalacios still seems to be finding his voice , and yet this modest little movie does seem to have its finger on the pulse .
The film 's droll humor and unexpected twists go a long way towards sustaining audience interest , even if the film goes from homage into self-conscious parody territory several times ,
Quite unique , nothing we have seen before in Mexican cinema . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
`` Güeros '' is definitely a good Mexican cinema 's bet , you have to go see it .
Ruizpalacios debut is one of the best in Mexican cinema in the past century .
With `` Güeros '' , Alonso Ruizpalacios , succeeds to find a place between artistic and commercial cinema .
Even with its striking compositions and embrace of visual disorder , `` Güeros '' gets hung up on its own cleverness .
Alive with personality and humor to spare .
The film 's social commentary unspools quietly in the background while the narrative focuses on the ennui , free-floating anxiety , and inchoate longing for meaning experienced by two or three privileged young people from the middle - to upper-middle classes .

@highlight

A striking effort that synthesizes disparate influences with inventive flair , Güeros marks a bold step forward for modern Mexican cinema .