A maddeningly incomplete portrait of the champ on the defensive , where he was never at his best .
It 's hard to go wrong with footage of the charismatic and abrasive Ali who is not always depicted as a saint
Works better as a history of events than a biographical film about Ali .
A rock-solid portrait of Ali 's passions about faith and conscience , and a stirring case that his political legacy is more important , and will be more lasting , than his days in the boxing ring .
As with the best stories , `` The Trials of Muhammad Ali '' puts one man 's story within a greater context . This is Ali 's story , but it 's America 's story , too . Here , it 's well told .
Where it finds strength is in its exploration of Ali as a man and as a symbol .
The Trials of Muhammad Ali allows us a chance to see Muhammad Ali not as an icon but as a man willing to take a stand , even an unpopular one , for something that he believed in .
Conventional yet fascinating .
Ali 's life has been recounted so many times that you 'd think no one could come up with a fresh angle on it ; documentary maker Bill Siegel succeeds , primarily by delving into the religious story , largely downplayed by the mainstream .
With athletes in 2013 giving in to everything around them , Ali 's strength feels even more palpable . He truly was the greatest .
If you have fond memories of David Susskind 's talk shows from the golden age of 1960s television , prepare to have them blasted away by this revealing documentary .
As usual the most compelling voice is Ali 's own .
Subject is Fascinating
There is history as it 's remembered , and then there 's history as it happened . This documentary gives us the latter , and it 's a true education .
It 's a captivating story and a sturdy , informative documentary , managing to find a fresh perspective of experience for one of the most famous men in the world .
It 's a deep dive into one of recent history 's most fascinating notables .
The archival footage in Bill Siegel 's documentary `` The Trials of Muhammad Ali '' is wondrous . How could it not be , featuring the gentleman in the title .
It feels much longer than its 90 minutes . If you 're looking for an Ali documentary , go with the monumental `` When We Were Kings . ''
It effectively recalls what a divisive , often irritating , even hated figure Ali was back in the day , before his ascent to the realm of myth and near-sainthood .
The emergent image is of a man who valued his convictions above all else , as tenacious and bold in his personal life as he was in the ring .
The film deploys the usual nonfiction arsenal of news footage , archival photographs , and interviews to bring home the strange electricity of these seven or so years .
The documentary The Trials of Muhammad Ali is an extraordinarily detailed and textured examination of the man , the time , and the societal forces involved .
I love Siegel 's sly paralleling of Ali 's fight preparation with his growth as a human being
A remarkable , fascinating documentary .
Balanced . It shows us just enough of Ali in his prime so that we understand how much he lost when he refused to serve in Vietnam .
An intriguing portrait of a man who never wavered no matter what the world threw at him . Which was a lot .
The heavyweight champ 's controversial political views are reexamined in this stirring , fascinating documentary .
The Trials of Muhammad Ali , Bill Siegel 's fascinating documentary about the legendary boxer , cares less about how he handled himself in the ring than how he handled himself in life .
A solid PBS-level treatment of the triumphs and setbacks in the career of a man who challenged American prejudices at a time when they were still very deep and very dangerous .
The saga of Ali 's refusal to be drafted during Vietnam becomes a profile in courage -- a tale of shocking vilification and faith lost and found .
An invigorating doc brings the long-forgotten controversy to life .
Ali 's greatest fight , covered in this film as it never has been before , was to be accepted as himself , not as anyone 's symbol .
`` The Trials of Muhammad Ali '' succumbs to the looming danger of hero worship by its end , when Mr. Ali 's daughter appears and his continuing trial , Parkinson 's , is addressed .
The Ali of this documentary entered the ring a phenom first , but came-of-age outside of it and grew into a man , second . And that process was nothing short of both an evolution and revolution ...
Bill Siegel has made more of a Ken Burns-esque history book -- that is , a medium more dry and factual -- than a film .
The film never lingers too long on any one thing , instead functioning as a survey in which several fascinating cultural moments are vividly evoked , but then left insufficiently probed .
If you were n't there at the time , it 's hard to believe American celebrities ever burned this bright .
Although just one of the many Ali films , this is a great look at an American hero and the price he paid to preserve freedom for us all .

@highlight

Director Bill Siegel does n't explore any new boundaries of the documentary with The Trials of Muhammad Ali , but his subject is so inherently fascinating that the movie proves gripping in spite of its familiar beats .