Sin Nombre still leaves an acrid aftertaste .
-LSB- F -RSB- or all its raw simplicity , the film manages to conjure a veritable library of references .
Fukunaga wastes no time with laborious explanations for his characters ' motives .
It 's a drama , a romance and a thriller , but make no mistake - Sin Nombre pulls no punches in delivery a raw , powerful film that shrugs aside genre convention .
Spellbinding and nailbiting at the same time , `` Sin Nombre?s '' climax chillingly evokes the fable of the rabbit crossing the river on the crocodile?s back . Even amid such fleeting hope , its bone-deep fragility proved impossible to shake .
full review at Movies for the Masses
The gangster part of the movie is riddled with cliches , but strikes gold with its depiction of immigrants on a train headed north . An excellent debut by a Japanese-American director .
Cary Fukunaga makes a strong impression with his debut feature , a visually rich Spanish-language thriller which borrows the conventions of the western and applies them to a world of gang brotherhoods and travelling immigrants in Mexico .
An epic and stunningly shot thriller about two young people crossing the gauntlet of Central America in their attempt to get to the USA .
Basically a manipulative thriller with social-commentary aspirations
Captivatingly naturalistic performances and cinematography almost makes up for the lack of a larger political framework .
It 's a tribute to the visceral impact of the staging that the film retains its grip despite becoming somewhat predictable , while thematically it 's the usual cycle-of-violence hand wringing .
Sin Nombre is a spry , humane account of the hardships encountered on the Mexican immigration trail , whose violence never feels exploitative , for all that it may be hard to watch . Highly recommended .
For all its formal élan and gritty location shooting , Sin Nombre is a wearily hollow , morally specious movie .
If you 've ever got your hands on a second-hand set of Operation , you 'll know how it feels to watch the latest addition to the slum drama stable . Most parts are present and correct , but there 's definitely something missing - a heart , perhaps ?
Likely to be one of the must-see foreign language titles of the year , opening our eyes to a world of desperation , hope and pain .
It 's a tough watch . It 's also one of the best films of the year .
It 's the scenes of immigrants heading north atop moving trains which resonate the most - a testament to Adriano Goldman 's brilliant , expansive cinematography .
The rules of the gang are spurious enough to make us realise that this is n't a world of good against evil , it 's a world of adolescents who 've got no reason to grow up .
There is enough freshness in the documentary-style observation to make up for any lack of imagination in the storyline .
The movie never quite determines if it is docudrama or melodrama , though each , at times , shines strongly .
A striking , and often quite gruelling , account of survival and flight in poverty-stricken Central America .
There is the feel of a Sam Peckinpah western to a grimly predictable story that blends beautiful scenery with brutal reality .
As vibrantly coloured and in-your-face visceral as you 'd expect : a woozy , punch-out shot makes you feel like it 's your own head hitting the dirt .
The film will linger in the mind long after its devastating conclusion . You leave the cinema breathless and disquieted but also with a sense of having had something important revealed to you . In a very strong field , this is the year 's best film so far .
A hard-hitting tragi-masterpiece that jolts from tender sentimentality to gritty real-life violence .
Sin Nombre is a riveting watch and an expertly directed drama that will stay with you long after you leave the cinema .
Gorgeously shot and edited , and performed with a gentle emotional openness , this gritty odyssey tells a deeply personal story while examining much bigger issues in Central America and beyond .
It 's such an accomplished and powerful piece of storytelling that Sin Nombre - which means Nameless - could easily find itself in the running for the Best Foreign Film Academy Award .
This is a vivid portrait of the landscape of the Americas , picking apart every step of the migrant 's journey
The movie , which has both bloody violence and tender romance , will remind you of `` City of God '' meets `` Under the Same Moon . '' It is another shining example of the best that independent filmmaking has to offer , much like last year 's `` Frozen River . ''
What makes it unique among films that cover similar subject matter is the restrained acting and richness of its visual sense .
This is a very fine film debut .
While this Mexican import is treading familiar territory , first time writer/director Cary Fukunaga comes at it with fresh eyes .
-LSB- Director Fukunaga -RSB- spends as little time dwelling on the whole as possible , instead opting for a classic road-trip story of the parts : the people who are emigrating and the gang members trying to kill one of them .
A confident , raw feature film that continually surprises and repeatedly devastates . Sin Nombre is an outstanding motion picture .
The actors , particularly Flores , have a documentary reality about them . Their reactions to most of their predicaments , even the ones given away too easily by the script , are real in the most human sense .
I only wish Fukunaga was as good a writer as he is a director -- but as this is his debut feature , I 'll cut some slack on that score .
It 's a documentary-style look at the harrowing journey illegal immigrants take to get into this country , but it 's also a tightly plotted thriller .
Sin Nombre is pure filmmaking : a great story told in beautiful images .
Fukunaga paints better outside the lines , working with cinematographer Adriano Goldman to offer vivid shots of the poverty and despair cutting through Latin America .
Sayra and her family are the poor , huddled masses our founders were talking about , and it 's painfully bracing to watch them crushed beneath the promise of a stocked cupboard and living wage .
Sincere and sympathetic but also mostly inert .
Imagine City of God without the zippy camerawork or Slumdog Millionaire without the millionaire and you get the feel of Sin Nombre .
This sense of equilibrium even carries over to Fukunaga 's crafty integration of professional and nonpro actors .
Fukunaga 's intentions may be honorable , but films like Sin Nombre exploit their subjects as much as they empathize with them .
Sin Nombre marks an impressive feature-film debut for Cary Joji Fukunaga , albeit more as a director than a writer .
steadily building intensity despite overwhelming feelings of doom
Above all , Fukunaga has great respect for his characters and their story .
Intense Spanish-language feature debut intrigues but does n't quite gel .
Brutal , wrenching and filled with desperation and meanness , Sin Nombre signals a major new talent in writer-director Cary Fukunaga , who never flinches while telling a story so grim and sad it moves beyond tears to numbness .
You might think you know where these characters are going , and how the various plot threads will be tied up . But you 'd be wrong .
A very southern modern Western , the Spanish-language Sin Nombre offers a treacherous frontier , a conflicted outlaw and fine performances by actors with whom the camera clearly is besotted .
The film 's beauty , which is meant to suggest the dreams of the characters , is another crucial aspect of Sin Nombre 's complexity .
Despite the unevenness of the ride , however , the memory of Sin Nombre is indelible .
This is a stunning feature debut for director Cary Fukunaga . The story borrows from road movies and crime thrillers , but the scenes and situations vibrate with authenticity .
It gives a caravan of migrants human faces , compelling motivations and dramatic challenges that transcend borders .
Sin Nombre is at once subtle and intense , familiar but refreshing , intimate even as it tells a story untold numbers have endured .
Cary Fukunaga makes an impressive feature directing debut with the lacerating immigration tale Sin Nombre .
The compositions -LRB- even in grimy cities -RRB- and use of color are wonderful , the kind of thing that can only arise with the assistance of a wonderful art director .
Rich details make the immigration thriller Sin Nombre vivid and haunting .
As accomplished as Sin Nombre is in many ways , you 're always aware of the ever-tightening plot screws , rather than the human beings caught in one threatening situation after another .
Tragic and gripping , Cary Fukunaga 's Sin Nombre revitalizes a gang-warfare genre that had appeared to be played out lately .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Fukunaga 's startlingly impressive first feature is almost ruthless in its depiction of the brutality and degradation confronting the hidden hordes that cross rivers and hop trains trying to get to the United States .
Fukunaga seems more capable than most at setting up truly intimate moments ; whether it 's canoodling in bed or a warm exchange of a burrito between strangers . And it all happens on the decks of one of cinema 's most enduring symbols .
Fukunaga expertly shapes a variety of elements -- gangland thriller , immigration drama , social commentary -- into a rich , compelling story about redemption .
More substantive than the average thriller/road movie .
One can only imagine what life must really be like for these heavily tattooed killers , who hold a baby in one hand and take a life with the other .
There are no wasted scenes or superfluous dialogue in `` Sin Nombre '' , just hard-hitting drama that has the feel of total credibility .
It wo n't disappoint you . That 's rare , do n't you think ?
Writer-director Cary Fukunaga keeps the story lean while peppering it with realistic details .
Fukunaga 's gift lies not in inventing clever reversals , but in declining to provide us with the typical cinematic cues that advertise what 's coming .
Among the film 's many revelations is a cast of talented unknowns who stand to become much better known in years to come -- which makes the ` no name ' title seem almost ironic .
Sin Nombre is a brutal , dark film that is one of the most moving and memorable that I 've seen in a long time
It is a movie about the wages of sin that come back to claim their own , indifferent to redemption , especially a redemption bathed in blood .
The thrilling and beautifully crafted debut feature of 31-year-old Californian Cary Joji Fukunaga .
It 's the tone of the movie 's two sides -- action and stillness , graphic violence and romantic melodrama -- that do n't cohere .
Fukunaga does show a certain flair for filmmaking style that suggests that he will one day direct a great movie -- unfortunately , despite what you may have heard , this film is n't it .
It contains risk , violence , a little romance , even fleeting moments of humor , but most of all , it sees what danger and heartbreak are involved . It is riveting from start to finish .
One of the best movies I 've seen in a long time - Director Cary Joji Fukunaga has a promising future .
A variation on the theme of Central American gangster films , `` Nombre '' adds a mystery thriller note in the tone of early American `` gangster on the run '' films that makes it riveting to watch while telling a heartbreaking story .
The best film I 've seen this year .
The combination of professional actors and locals is effective and adds to the unique telling of this immigrant story .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Fukunaga has a fine , spacious film sense and a gift for action , but the doomy , heavy-handed plot devices and overwrought , overacted gangland set pieces betray a novice 's hand .
I -LSB- t ' -RSB- s about people trying to make their way across the border into the United States . But if you think you 've seen it before , you 're mistaken .
` Sin Nombre ' is informative and gripping in story and technique .
Sin Nombre is n't easy to watch , it 's raw as a punch to the gut and just as brutal , but it 's also a truly beautiful film , full of wonderful performances and brilliant , articulate direction .
There are some brief minutes when the tension drops and the story starts to sag , but Fukunaga almost always fills the frame with something worth seeing , and the story has a built-in suspense .
Their rapport never felt false to me , did n't come across like a convenient plot device allowing the director to take things from A to B , both Gaitan and Flores digging into their character 's very souls .
More than just an immigration drama ... real and dramatically intense .
Fukunaga -LRB- who was raised in Oakland , California lives in Brooklyn -RRB- uses natural-looking locations and non-professional actors like a pro .
The caressing , honeyed light in Sin Nombre beautifies and softens every ugly moment in this equivocating story about geographic and moral border crossings .
is n't so much a bad movie as it is an unremarkable one
-LSB- Director -RSB- Fukunaga is a fine craftsman , but his story , a kind of `` Under the Same Moon '' by way of `` The Warriors , '' is one that has been told many times before .
The scope is epic and the achievement , though solidly grounded in conventional storytelling , is a revelation .
A moving portrait of the arduous journey taken by poverty-stricken people from Central America through Mexico with their sights set on the United States .
There is bitter and breathtaking truth in the story and in the story-telling .
That this is Fukunaga 's first film is astonishing , given its sharp script , technical proficiency and suspenseful pacing . The ensemble cast is top-notch .
Mashes up the tale of the arduous journey across borders with the developing world gangster drama , offering a fresh and convincing spin on both .
A tense , awfully depressing companion piece to last year 's great Wendy and Lucy when seen as a search for opportunity where there is n't any .
The best that can be said is that it 's a more honest film on the subject of immigration than the recent Crossing Over -- but then again , so is Beverly Hills Chihuahua .
A big new talent arrives on the scene with Sin nombre . Writer-director Cary Joji Fukunaga 's enthralling feature debut takes viewers into a shadow world inhabited by many but noticed by very few .
Whenever Sin Nombre turns violent , it seizes you with its convulsive skill , but the film 's images
vastly outstrip its imagination .
Unfortunately , other than some gorgeous scenery , Sayra 's stupidity is the only thing that feels truly fresh in Fukunaga 's debut feature .
From beginning to end , the director understands that life for most immigrants is an expansive turf war .
The movie is alternately brutal and affecting , filled with big dreams and crushing realities .
`` Sin Nombre '' is a convincing verite-styled drama that pulls you into its dangerous universe of desperation and immediacy .
An honorable addition to border films about Central American immigrants , this highlight of the Sundance Film Fest offers visceral experience based on the helmer 's firsthand familiarity .
Fukunaga maintains a deft balance of justifiably melodramatic plot elements and low-key realism ; the horrific moments here never feel false or overemphatic .










@highlight

Part harrowing immigration tale , part gangster story , this debut by writer/director Cary Fukunaga is sensitive , insightful and deeply authentic .