It 's all very personal and confessional , but it lacks an entry point for outsiders , with Hong 's weirdness and structural mischief missing its mark unless one is immersed in the details of the director 's life .
An intriguing but simplistic drama with comical overtones to its melancholy mood .
As much as it is a personal work , it is also composed with a skilled hand that is capable of beguiling even the most careful of viewers .
-LSB- Hong Sang-soo is -RSB- a brilliant portraitist of human behavior . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Whether as an act of explanation , of self-flagellation , or something much murkier , `` On the Beach at Night Alone '' refuses to play by the conventional rules , of movies or of scandals .
This is movie-making as a kind of extended confessional , from a filmmaker to an actress , and it 's compelling on that score .
-LSB- Hong Sang-soo 's -RSB- sympathetic , purposefully episodic film privileges -LSB- Kim Minhee 's -RSB- point of view as she talks to other people about the relationship .
On the Beach at Night Alone brings some truths attached and is definitely worth exploring .
... the issue of linguistic disconnection encompasses everything from the vulnerability of the foreigner in a strange land armed with formulaic manual phrases to the difficulties of verbalizing the inexpressible . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A serious and melancholy film , but , once it accepts the reality of things , it offers light and healing to its protagonist . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Hong -LSB- Sang-soo 's -RSB- work can frustrate , but his observant cinema can also be revelatory , a reason he has such a strong international following .
The nocturnal and lonely beach , more than a stage , is a metaphor that sums up the images when applied to the title . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
... manages moments of unsettling and heartbreaking authenticity , thanks in part to Kim 's perceptive performance .
It 's more than worth seeing for Kim 's exposed nerve endings alone , and also for the way in which Hong 's typically playful sensibility seems to tilt at times into a surreal , menacing strangeness .
On the Beach at Night Alone noodles along quirky slight and rather charming until its midsection when , during a raucously funny , very drunk and true dinner party among friends , it springs to vivid , hilarious life and truly builds from there into something
In the emotional depth that Kim brings to her depiction of Younghee , one of this year 's most fully rounded pictures of a complex female personality , sexually and emotionally aware of who she is , and seeing her struggles through for better or worse .
On the Beach at Night Alone '' exemplifies all of the worst tendencies of Hong 's films without many of his better qualities .
... a captivating piece of cinema built with elements as basic and eternal as glass and steel ; the lack of love and Soju -LRB- the Korean national drink -RRB- . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
`` On the Beach '' feels more raw and personal than some of Mr. Hong 's other work .
It 's a raw , open wound of a movie , in its hunkered-down way , and Hong does n't always seem to be wholly comfortable handling emotions that are n't strictly mediated by social niceties .
Hong examines the turmoil of human interaction - the pain of honesty as well as the frustration of inexpressiveness .
There 's a dark romanticism powering Hong Sang-soo 's furious , tautly controlled , yet coolly comedic drama .
An uncanny , dreamlike exploration of the effects of having sinned in the media spotlight .
Hong 's visual style is deceptively simple , exposing the characters ' emotional complexity , and the friction between his serious psychological concerns and his playful narrative generates a certain frisson .
The movie seem to turn away from the very idea that there is anything to build toward , in either life and in art : things happen and then more things happen .
On the Beach Alone At Night is not about plot or even about action . Instead the film is a portrait of the mourning process that follows lost love . Like the sea , which bookends the film , Young-hee 's emotions come in waves .
In the film , Hong Sang-soo simultaneously positions filmmaking as the ultimate act of atonement and evasion .
Beneath the recognisably familiarity of -LSB- Hong 's -RSB- many trademarks lurks a portrait of lust , love and longing .
It 'll likely take a diehard Hong fan to truly admire this dreamily scripted fare , lacking as it does the writer-director 's usually rigorous musing on fate and perception .
In its quiet , pensive manner , the movie plays like a cogent stanza in the ever-flowing lyricism of Hong 's career .
It 's a self-aware film in many ways , and perhaps a self-deprecating one for a director who 's never shied away from putting his own lesser angels on screen .
A melancholy air blows through every haunted frame of Hong Sang-soo 's On the Beach at Night Alone .
The new film by the great Korean director has a plot with many autobiographical tints and is perhaps the most frank , direct and emotional of his entire career . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
`` On The Beach At Night Alone '' feels like it will be exceptional even for longtime diehard Hong Sang-Soo fans .
A plotless but wryly likeable study of human emotions .
The striking similarities between this film - about an actress who has an affair with a married film director - and the intense local speculation surrounding Hong 's own private life distinguishes it from the renowned auteur 's other work .
Unfussy in form , open in expression and gentle in reach as its maker revisits such recurring preoccupations as loneliness , regret and the value of love in life and art .

@highlight

On the Beach at Night Alone finds writer-director Sang-soo Hong working in a more personal vein -- without losing the singular sensibilities that have informed much of his acclaimed earlier work .