The change of locale from New York to London has done Woody Allen a world of good . As has oft been said , Match Point is his best movie since ... fill in the blank .
His first film set in London , it boasts a young , pretty , something-for-everyone cast . As enter-tainment , however , it just slams limply into the net every time .
Woody Allen 's freshest and most potent film in years manages to be much more than an erotic thriller .
... one of the venerable writer/director 's more accomplished efforts in this new century .
But , perhaps , the greatest parallel between Woody 's Match Point and Hitch is duality . It 's a brilliant device .
This lean , mean , surprisingly sultry thriller about fate , luck , greed and guilt is Woody Allen 's best since `` Mighty Aphrodite . '' Plus , it boasts a vintage-Allen metaphor of a bobbling tennis ball that , in a great gotcha scene , becomes a damning motif .
There 's no ground here that Allen has n't gone over before , but as a treatment of upper crust mores and , eventually , as a thriller , it 's compulsively watchable and generally well acted .
Allen merely regurgitates his shrunken vision in veddy-British padding
A limp , dull , and contrived rehash of `` Crimes and MisDemeanors '' ...
Just when you were about to give up on Woody Allen , he reinvents himself with a taut tour de force of a film that is unquestionably the best thing he 's done in decades .
... retools the resolution of Crimes and Misdemeanors so its hero , instead of losing his grasp on morality , never even had a hold on morality in the first place .
Proves to be an intriguing enough adventure , provided you have n't seen Crimes and Misdemeanors and do n't mind rooting for a despicable , amoral philanderer .
Match Point proves that Allen , at 70 years old , is very much still in the game .
Extremely disappointing .
The acting is as impeccable as Remi Adefarasin 's lensing is gorgeous .
This is Allen at his best . And with three Oscars at home already , and seventeen other nominations , that is saying a lot .
His most absorbing picture in years .
What makes Match Point , a coolly deliberate murder mystery from Woody Allen , so startling is that it feels as if the director himself has been done away with .
A filmmaker out of touch with his own neuroses , making a final bid for recognition by exacerbating lives beyond his reach .
The plotting lacks a necessary sense of tragic propulsion ; it feels dutifully schematic , its ironies polite and tidy when they should be bitter and merciless .
By developing his characters so superficially , Allen makes it impossible to feel the depth of the horror that he is clearly aiming for .
Allen back in shape since a really long time
Game , set , match ... Allen wins with slow-moving English drama ...
Woody Allen regresa a su mejor forma con un oscuro drama sobre la ambición , el deseo , la obsesión , y el papel que juega la suerte en el destino de las personas .
It all looks suspiciously like the kind of movie Allen used to make fun of 30 years ago .
A sexy , mysterious departure for Allen .
Woodyâ -LRB- TM -RRB- s best for ages . Even for non-Allen fans this has all the appeal of a good story well told and capped with a deliciously vicious little twist .
Lugubriously slow and inert , Match Point simply drags without those customary Woody Allen one-liners ...
Contains enough surprises to keep it interesting and enough emotional and existential hand-wringing to make it worth talking about once the credits have rolled .
Like Woody himself , blessedly old fashioned craft for craft 's sake .
It 's a classy , enjoyable , sometimes uncomfortable working of the writer/director 's neuroses . But it 's repackaged familiarity .
Woody Allen has had a cinematic shower and come out refreshed with Match Point , abandoning his beloved New York for London 's grey skies and unique social structure , picking up a new beat % u2013 both musically and metaphorically .
Allen uses the change of scenery to his advantage .
Aos 70 anos de idade e j no seu 34 filme , Allen ainda capaz de realizar um trabalho cheio de energia e -LRB- o mais fascinante -RRB- no hesita em reinventar-se .
There were few films in 2005 that I awaited with as much anticipation as Match Point , and none that I found to be more of a crashing disappointment .
Fits squarely into -LSB- Allen 's -RSB- second-tier pantheon .
Without the director 's credit , one could mistake the immaculately plotted Match Point for an Anglicized Krzysztof Kieslowski script or remade Hitchcock ...
Match Point is not a declaration of the value of firm belief -- it denounces theodicy , after all -- but a caution against the outright rejection of it .
This is Allen 's most perceptive , adult and finest work in years . It is as if filming in and around London rejuvenated his creative juices .
Gripping and entertaining as well as very well-made
The characters ' sundry fates never become a great concern , leaving the viewer , more or less , adrift in indifference .
In leaving America , Woody Allen has , at long last , put himself back on the map .
Match Point achieves an almost Shakespearean effect .
Though Allen 's English trip brings a tasty change of place , he 's also dragged along some familiar baggage ... As the film plays on , wry romance loses out to a crime drama that hangs on a gimmicky plot spin .
Match Point has all the right elements : a great script , a terrific cast , and a veteran director .
He 's covered some of this same thematic territory before -- infidelity , obsession , class struggles -- but rarely has developed them with such focus and such a palpable tension .
Not really a return to form but an advance : a stylish work of gliding camera movements , cunningly framed shots and seamless edits that marks one of the few times Allen 's interest in pictures has equaled his facility with words .
Woody Allen 's creates a wooden variation on ` An American Tragedy ' set in London
-LRB- Allen -RRB- rediscovers many filmmaking traits I thought he 'd lost for good .
With Match Point , Woody Allen has made a perfectly nice little film -- one that , despite lacking originality , is fresh in the sense that it was filmed in England , far from his beloved Manhattan ,
Welcome back , Woody . We 've missed you .
... a nifty little crowd pleaser ...
Match Point is what happens when a veteran director whom many considered far past his prime tries something superficially different .
Match Point is n't one of his truly great films , like Annie Hall or Manhattan , but it 's a very good one ; a sign that a career that seemed stalled is purring along once more .
Woody Allen is a lippy guy , but what makes Match Point sexy is the converging , special lips of Scarlett Johansson and the special lips of Jonathan Rhys-Meyers .
... an enticing and sexy thriller ...
... a smart , sexy picture that makes an ideal star vehicle for Irish actor Jonathan Rhys Meyers .
When Allen 's on his game , he still knows how to serve a winner -- and Match Point definitely qualifies .
... A suspense masterpiece ...
Regardless of who made it , it 's a strong film about forbidden love and the quandary of a man torn between his better instincts and his raw emotions .
Match Point is airless , repetitive .
While thematically stark , Match Point is as aesthetically lush as just-ripened forbidden fruit , with Scarlett Johansson as the seductive object of desire personified .
Match Point has a coiled , taut energy that 's unusual for Allen .
The film is very well acted , but top honors go to Johansson , who 's just about perfect as the pouty-lipped temptress whom we come to both pity and hate .
Allen has not made a movie this involving for a decade , since Mighty Aphrodite .
In every scene , Allen 's direction is unflinchingly clear-eyed , and it 's a pleasure being walked through London at the same unhurried pace that he 's taken through Manhattan all these years .
Johansson finds her own speech rhythms in Allen 's arch dialogue , and in the process , gives his film a quality that his recent work has often lacked , the recognizable flutter of a heart beat behind the façade of the character .
This is Woody beyond Woody , his best work in more than a decade and the antithesis of most fans ' expectations .
Match Point , a film that makes us examine well-considered questions in new light , is what Woody Allen sees when he gets out of his comfort zone , we can only hope he sees the benefit of travel .
The combination of alluring atmosphere and ambition makes Match Point one of Allen 's most involving movies in years .
Woody Allen 's Match Point is a too-rare thing : a fine film that waxes philosophical about morality , ambition and relationships .
If Hollywood had a Comeback Player of the Year award , Woody Allen would get every vote for 2005 .
The dialogue is so crisp and straightforward , you might forget you 're watching a Woody Allen movie , until one of his occasional one-liners zings you .
Match Point crafts the beginning of a better than average fish-out-of-water tale , bores us for an hour with a milquetoast affair , then gives us a wild sucker punch of an ending that even a Nostradamus / John Edward tag team could n't predict .
What makes Match Point so successful is not simply that it 's a departure for Allen , but that it finds him so perfectly suited to the place he ends up .
The arrival of Match Point is good luck for movie fans .
An unpredictable , unusual , consistently engrossing drama of a kind that has almost disappeared from Hollywood .
It 's a film worth seeing several times . If you 're lucky enough to get the chance .
This sexy morality play further bolsters the case for Woody Allen 's continued vitality and relevance .
Match Point has something you do n't associate with Allen : suspense .
Match Point is Woody Allen 's best picture in more than a decade -- an excellent character piece/social study that evolves into a suspense thriller with an O. Henry twist .
Allen , in a rare zone of existential ferocity he last touched in ` Crimes and Misdemeanors , ' brushstrokes his characters and conflicts with textured definition .
The hype is technically true : Match Point is Woody Allen 's best movie in years . But only because he 's already had practice making it .
With such high quality production , I kept expecting some meat - or at least a sense of humor . Just an empty night at the movies
Allen makes his point with a wicked flair that 's sure to leave its mark .
Allen develops characters and situations here as if he had jotted the major points down on the back of an envelope and then used the envelope as his shooting script . The movie is so thin-textured it 's ludicrous .
There are few things more boring than a man enjoying the fruits of greater success than he himself has achieved in his passive , goal-free life , except watching that same man obsess over the obviously beautiful and unattainable Scarlett Johansson .
Often when something is different from the norm , that difference is mistaken as greatness . Such is the case with Woody Allen 's London-set thriller .
Confident and engrossing , a smashing return from Woody Allen , who has n't been this spot-on in years .
Allen has finally emerged as something of a storyteller and a stylist .
Maybe it 's just luck that the women in Allen 's latest film -- irrational , demanding , and voluble -- come to represent the protagonist 's lack of `` meaning . ''
Allen probably regretted not doing more with the story in CRIMES AND MISDEMEANORS and here he does much more with it , but the previous telling was better .
... a pedestrian genre picture , a so-called crime thriller that is n't at all thrilling ...
Another decent millennial fable about class , the vicissitudes of fate , the reptilian hunger of infiltrating the social strata , and living with ghosts .
Match Point may be Allen 's best film in years , but the disastrous casting of Rhys-Myers makes it another disappointment .
Although the surroundings may be unfamiliar , make no mistake : We 've been here before with Woody Allen .
It has Woody 's humor and subtlety ; no British bluntness here . The acting is first-cabin all the way . And it 's genuinely moving . Move it to the top of your must-see list .
... the same-old same-old dolled up in slightly swankier London duds -- plus posh accents ! Call it Crimes Without The Misdemeanors .
It 's riveting , like a well played match .
Charming , intriguing , spell-binding
If -LSB- Johannson -RSB- had played the Barbara Stanwyck role in Double Indemnity , Fred MacMurray would have bashed in her husband 's head inside the first 15 minutes .
This dark tale of societal comfort combines Allen 's witty writing with the confusion and distress of making major life decisions .
When you get ` lucky ' and things go your way , is that always a good thing ? Allen explores that notion and has a deliciously clever response . The ending alone makes this worth seeing .
A masterwork .
Woody Allen 's treatise on luck vs. good never approaches the net much less produces an ace .
There 's more than a touch of The Talented Mr Ripley about Match Point and Allen keeps the atmosphere extremely tense throughout .
As Allen 's next movie is reportedly also going to be set in the UK , he really is going to have to learn to speak British at something better than tourist level .
There 's a pleasing sense of social claustrophobia - but it 's not enough to make Allen 's film work .
Oh , Woody . Oh Woody , Woody , Woody . What were you thinking ? Or , being brutal , were you thinking at all ?
How much you enjoy the film , a sort of modern-day rake 's progress set in London , may depend on how much you enjoy gazing at co-stars Scarlett Johansson and Jonathan Rhys-Meyers .
The ... wild praise you hear is of the Hollywood echo chamber , where an artistic change-up is sometimes mistaken for a fastball .
Philosophically and plotwise , it 's right in line with some of his previous work . Yet Match Point breaks new ground in a handful of significant ways .
Match Point moves Woody Allen to London , where we see if his increasingly dull ruminations on infidelity play any better with British accents .
Welcome back , Woody .
This is a wonderfully provocative film with complex characters and breathless twists and turns .
What begins as a directorial fresh start becomes a statement of misanthropy that is n't artistically insightful so much as it 's resolute .
The rest of the supporting cast is very good , but Match Point is the movie where Rhys-Meyers takes center stage .
Lacks precisely what is , at least arguably , the most haunting element in -LSB- Crimes and Misdemeanors -RSB- : its sense of genuinely conflicted existential drama .
Amounts to little more than an austere and extremely prolonged episode of Alfred Hitchcock Presents .
If ever there was a case to be made for an artist finding inspiration abroad , Allen 's first foray out of New York makes a powerful argument .
It 's a pleasure to let the Allenisms wash over you , ever so slightly disguised in the form of a taut dramatic thriller but never diluted .
England clearly agrees with Allen , and in Match Point he has hit a top-spin winner .
Match Point is his best film since 1992 's Husbands and Wives .
A story of lust , love and the lure of money , Match Point is so thoroughly compelling , and so deftly acted by all parties concerned , that it turns and churns deep in the gut .
Deserves to be ranked with Allen 's Annie Hall , Hannah and Her Sisters , Manhattan , Crimes and Misdemeanors and Everyone Says I Love You .
The film is good enough that you do n't feel the need for a few laughs to leaven the grimness .
By its shockingly violent end , the movie has quietly morphed into a chilling film noir .
intricate , intelligent , without being either ponderous or pretentious . On the contrary , it 's sly , even playful . It teases players and audience alike , confounding expectations while egging them on with a universe that promises meaning but does n't always fo
Match Point is a clever diabolical yarn that builds tension and creates suspense as well as even the best of Hitchcock .
Match Point is a good movie -- a good , solid movie .
Allen fans would be well advised to stay away lest their idea of Allen 's genius become ever so slightly dented .
-LSB- Allen 's -RSB- new movie , Match Point , devoted to lust , adultery , and murder , is the most vigorous thing he 's done in years .
Such a shrewd character study actually bears more in common with Patricia Highsmith 's Ripley tales than anything out of Dostoevsky , though , and marks a nice corollary with the Matt Damon movie of a few years back .
The first new Woody Allen film I have been able to watch to conclusion in over a decade .
Imperfect yet significant .
Finally a Woody Allen film that is not immersed in self-pitying analysis and self-promotional conceit .
This polished , impeccably acted and mercifully shtick-free morality play manages to come across as both overwritten and schematically rendered .
This is n't a bad film . In fact , it 's one of Allen 's best movies in quite a while .
A black comedy without a laugh track , a small drama without cuteness , a wry morality play where the jokes are n't in evidence until the very last scenes .
Thank goodness Allen has left New York and left himself out of the script .
Some say Match Point marks writer/director Woody Allen 's return to excellence . Maybe so , but it 's really more of a reminder on how deliciously screwed up he can be .
Painful as it is for Woody Allen fans to accept , it must now be said out loud -LRB- not just whispered in dark corners -RRB- . Woody Allen can not write for 20-somethings .
Woody Allen 's chilling , riveting , mind-teasing psychological thriller is not only his best film in years - but also one of the best movies of 2005 !
... his best film in a decade or more .
I did n't entirely buy Johansson 's character -- she 's more like an Allen thesis on the inconstancies of women than a real person -- but I was still enthralled by the actress .
An unexpected and startlingly unsavory story , and a welcome return to thoughtful , well-crafted filmmaking for Woody Allen .
If you 're a fan , then put this on your must-see list . If you 've gotten away from Allen 's movies in recent years , now is the time to come back .
From the expert performances to the surprising outcome , Match Point is an engrossing experiment in romantic disengagement .
There 's no denying it ; Scarlett Johansson is Marilyn Monroe reincarnated , refurbished and upgraded for the 21st century .
Its conceit that much of life is chalked up to luck is simple , almost throwaway , but it 's illustrated here with a veteran 's pace -- patient yet efficient .
While not as awful as some of Allen 's flubs , this film is one of those instances in which the cinematic ball does n't quite make it over the net .
Crushingly humorless , Match Point also has a grade-school-simple Major Theme : At the outset , Chris 's narration informs us that life is luck , and at any point we could win or lose . Whoa .
This thin chronicle of bad behavior among the rich and self-obsessed is above all painfully derivative , borrowing wholesale from Theodore Dreiser 's An American Tragedy and echoes Allen 's own Crimes and Misdemeanors .
A captivating story of class distinctions that evolves into a chilling psychological thriller .
If Allen has n't quite figured out the social landscape of England yet , he does know what he wants to talk about : Fate , or more commonly , Luck .
Its many pleasures derive from the way this drama unfolds unexpectedly from the characters rather than imposing itself on them .
Match Point 's dark pleasures are , for the most part , pretty enjoyable . If you 're in that kind of mood .
Watching Match Point , you could almost conclude that Allen is shedding some of his more calcified habits , that he 's molting .
In the final analysis of Allen 's career , it may turn out that moral ambiguity , not comedy , was what he did best .
A movie with no heart or soul .
A delicious little drama .
-LSB- Allen 's -RSB- most satisfying film in more than a decade ...
If Woody has paid homage to Bergman and Fellini in the past , this is his homage to Hitchcock ... features a craftily written killer ending
Allen 's strongest and most self-assured dramatic feature in over a decade . Welcome back , Woody ! You 've been missed .
A film with few laughs but plenty of dramatic intrigue .
-LSB- The film is -RSB- suffused with a Fitzgeraldian glow of bittersweet romance and ruefulness among the elite .
An entertaining film noir about a grasping tennis star who spins a deadly wheel of fate .
is n't at all what the average viewer would expect from Allen and it 's probably his first movie in five years that can be called truly worthy of his talent .
The same bland , lazy filmmaking Allen 's been doing for years , only without the humor and with different accents .
Match Point provides just enough reason to fall in love with Woody Allen again , with the auteur creating cracking good drama for the first time in a very long time
Hard to believe that someone as seasoned and creative as Woody Allen would have to resort to the cliche -- a gun -- to dramatically solve the predicament of his antihero .
Allen 's best work since 1986 's Hannah and Her Sisters .
To call Match Point Woody Allen 's comeback would be an understatement - it 's the most vital return to form for any director since Robert Altman made The Player .
Probably Woody 's best film since Hannah and Her Sisters
The new Match Point reveals -LSB- Allen -RSB- back at the height of his powers , firing on all cylinders and displaying a confidence and control not seen since before the Soon-Yi scandal .
... from the casting to the dialogue , `` Match Point '' just feels pickled in artificiality .
Allen 's direction is superb , evoking the best performances from his cast and unraveling the story at the perfect pace .
it 's a welcome change to what had become a tired formula
Might be Allen 's most shocking change of pace yet
The film is a dramatic thriller but it 's a good deal more playful and witty than many of his recent comedies .
The ending twist is a classic that Hitchcock would love . You 'll love it too and the entire film as well .
... one of the best adult films of the year , a sleek moral quagmire that will no doubt be compared to crap like FATAL ATTRACTION , but which outclasses it in all regards .
Allen has crafted one of his strongest films in years .
Okay , Woody . This is the Last Chance You Get . Next Time , I Swaer I am not coming back .
Same shtick , different accents .
Allen 's sharpest film in a decade -LRB- granted , a pretty weak decade -RRB- amasses all the fixings of a sexy thriller .
Match Point is a perfectly presentable , entirely unremarkable domestic melodrama parked queasily between opera and realism , two irreconcilable forms if ever there were .
A nice change of pace from Allen until , that is , about three-quarters of the way in when the pace changes too awkwardly and serves the film its first double fault .
These are not characters that you would ever want to know , but they are strangely fascinating in their own immoral right .
Woody Allen 's best film ... realistic dialogue and believable characters .
For the first time in a long time , we understand why Allen is considered a master . If this is what filming in London does for him , maybe he should move there permanently .
If you can get past the film 's few potholes , it has the power to really make you squirm .
A dreary regurgitation of prior -LRB- better -RRB- Allen efforts dressed up in a stolid British suit .
Woody 's most baldly revealing picture , a reprehensible and misogynist pseudo-thriller that is also aesthetically polished and compulsively watchable .
A surprising return to form for the venerated director , recalling -LRB- if not matching -RRB- his best work from the 80 's .
Allen evokes Dostoevsky and Dreiser , but do n't expect justice from a shocker ending that manages to be devilishly clever and morally repugnant . It 's been a long time since a Woody Allen film sparked juicy debate . Savor it .
Not one of Allen 's best films , but it is somewhat different than most .
Shot for shot the worst movie I have seen all year .
This solid , well-observed and cerebral presentation signifies that Woody is back in full stride after some recent so-so works .
Match Point is wittier and more coherent than anything -LSB- Woody Allen -RSB- has done in ages ; it is well made and well thought out to its very last shot .
... thoroughly engrossing and provocatively taut ... keenly sophisticated , wryly humorous and mischievous ... one of Allen 's best films in recent memory .
Game , set and match to Woody Allen .
An engrossing and thought-provoking movie that even Woody haters might enjoy .
Thankfully , writer-director Woody Allen stays out of the movie , does the job , and weaves an interesting tale .
A taut and finely crafted piece of work that superbly fits the literary tastes of the country in which it 's set . Allen 's high class mystery pretty much beats them at their own game .
Changing locale and genre prove invigorating for Allen , whose London morality tale is inspired by Dostoevsky 's seminal novel and mixes elements of his 1989 Crimes & Misdemeanors and such classics as A Place in the Sun and A Room at the Top .
The only thing that I kept thinking through this film 's first half hour was how I could n't believe that I was actually watching a ` Woody Allen movie ' .
Allen brilliantly uses subversive humor to heighten the impact of those themes and bring home the importance of dumb luck .
In thematic terms , Match Point , whose tennis allusion reflects a preoccupation with the role of luck in life , comes closest to Crimes and Misdemeanors among Allen 's films .
Match Point is a story designed more to prove a philosophical point than to examine a social milieu or a particular cast of characters .






@highlight

Woody Allen 's sharpest film in years , Match Point is a taut , philosophical thriller about class and infidelity .