The movie ca n't decide if it 's an homage to 1950s sci-fi genre or a `` new '' kind of story .
An oddity from another time and place , and well worth a look because of it .
The patience and concentration of the film to not wink itself into a coma is amazing to behold , and I was flabbergasted over just how engrossing and playful the picture is .
Not nearly as awful as it could have been ... it at least knows that it 's cheesy , which makes it more fun .
It 's not really clear why this movie was necessary % u2013 it does not reinvent the 50 's movie so much as do a highly faithful cover version of it . -LRB- Gus Van Sandy 's shot-for-shot remake of Psycho is a similar pointless academic exercise . -RRB-
If imitation is the sincerest form of flattery , It Came From Outer Space should be blushing like a schoolgirl , because this deadpan recreation of 1950s sci-fi movies is a tribute to its low-budget , high minded charms .
The simple fact is that this movie kind of drove me nuts , and the only emotion it consistently brought out of me was an almost overwhelming desire for the darn thing to come to an end .
... gently wacky . Although breezy and sketchy on the easy laughs at times , Alien Trespass does promise to entertain for the sole purpose of its campy off-kilter makeup .
If the film succeeds perfectly in its aim , to recreate exactly a genre of films noted for how shoddy and boring they were , is it then fair to complain when the film is itself boring ?
Neither legit parody nor loving sci-fi homage ; a movie with no firm reference point , -LSB- and -RSB- lacking the breezy wit or clever execution that might otherwise provide a reason for its standalone existence .
Alien Trespass wo n't let our knowledge of the stereotypes it incorporates do the work and make the critique .
It does n't want to be camp , but it inevitably becomes so , because the very effort to replicate its models is so knowing that it comes across as insufferably arch .
If you 're willing to check your brain at the door and to suspend a lot of your disbelief , Alien Trespass manages to be a delightfully zany and campy satire best experienced at midnight with a group of friends .
The filmmakers have an obvious love for their work and its source material and it shows .
A true love letter to genre days gone by , Alien Trespass delivers on its promise to bring back a slice of the good old days to horror cinema .
While it never rises to the level of Galaxy Quest , my gold standard for funny sci-fi films , Alien Trespass consistently delights and amuses .
Retro-style sci-fi action spoof tries hard but does n't work .
A highly entertaining retro Sci-fi blast from the past that is loads of fun , an endearing tribute to all those bad movies we just loved .
Not a spoof , not a satire , just an imaginary story with echoes of It Came from Outer Space and other 1950s drive-in classics , Alien Trespass is a paragon of dry humor .
... once those warm , fuzzy feelings of nostalgia start to wear off , all you are left with is a tedious movie that is full of wooden performances , campy dialogue , cheesy and outdated special effects , eerie music and space beings in rubber suits .
This lazy effort gets points only for truly loving -- perhaps to a fault -- the cheapo creature flicks of the 1950s .
Alien Trespass , with a rating notice that mentions ` brief historical smoking , ' is at least better than last year 's official remake of The Day the Earth Stood Still .
It 's a satire without laughs , a parody without punch lines , a careful copy that replicates everything except the original 's life .
One gets the sinking feeling as Alien Trespass drags on that -LSB- director -RSB- Goodwin thought he could build a whole movie out of a few formal gags about bad editing .
It 's comfy . It 's kitschy . There are lovely enticements but also much that is simply put and beautifully , beguilingly silly .
While there 's a lot to admire , it all feels like an engaging though needless academic exercise .
Sinks under the weight of its homage .
How much you enjoy this strange picture depends on two things : Your appreciation of the genre that is being feted here , and the enthusiasm of the audience that you view it with .
By the time the tedious proceedings reach their conclusion , one has long begun wishing for a little Mel Brooks-style comic anarchy .
Alien Trespass is an intriguing experiment , and I admire its craftsmanship .
Everything is perfected to the letter , but it lacks the oomph of homage movies like Pleasantville , or the fun irony of social satires like Fido .
If you 're not going to have fun with such a silly cinematic subgenre , what 's the point in resurrecting it ? Or , from the more pertinent audience point of view , in seeing it ?
Fans of the era will respond warmly to it , but more through its expressed affection than any notable assets of its own .
A charmingly sentimental but ultimately pointless homage to the sci-fi classics of yesteryear .
An affectionate , almost reverent homage to the science fiction of the 1950s : Not a lampoon so much as a faithful recreation .
Fun at first , the movie quickly wears thin . Imitation may be the sincerest form of flattery , but if that 's your choice , you better be sure the thing you 're imitating is worthy of it .
It achieves its hokiness by design , which renders it artificial and flat .
While Alien Trespass stays true to the era and the genre , it forgets that its mission in this galaxy is not merely to pay tribute but to entertain .
Alien Trespass , which opens Friday on the heels of the witty Monsters vs. Aliens , feels like an also-ran .
The shrewd script has two of the 1950 's primary fixations : the couple who exemplify `` togetherness '' and the teenagers who could be juvenile delinquents .
Bewildered ? You wo n't be alone .
Alien Trespass , an affectionate tribute to flying saucer movies , treats the clichés of drive-in sci-fi with touching naïveté . So why is n't it more fun ?
To see how Alien Trespass might have been done , rent The Lost Skeleton of Cadavra with its puppet monster on visible strings , its dime-store sets and its dreadful artificial dialogue .
Those who fondly recall The Blob would seem to be the target crowd for a fastidious pastiche that attempts to coax laughs by maintaining a poker face .
Perhaps nothing is more lovingly recreated that the glorious technicolor of the time -LRB- the film was shot on Super 16 -RRB- , owing as much to production designer Ian D. Thomas 's team as the technicians .
` Alien Trespass ' is neither soulless nor bad . Yet it does not improve on the sources that inspire it , so why not watch them instead ?
There 's no shortage of either the originals or imitators , so why make Alien Trespass , a send-up of second-shelf '50s sci-fi so straight-faced , it could almost pass as the real thing ?
Robert Patrick and Dan Lauria add gravitas as two small town cops , which says it all .
Alien Trespass could be the latest bulletin from Mystery Science Theatre 3000 except that we 're the silhouetted heads and the filmmakers are sitting right there next to us .
At a certain point you find yourself thinking , why not watch the real It Came From Outer Space , instead of this mildly amusing replica ?
A pale imitation of a drive-in movie , with nothing silly or sloppy enough to qualify as camp .
Alien Trespass earns some style points , but the substance is Dullsville .
Here is a movie more suited to ComicCon or the World Science Fiction Convention than to your neighborhood multiplex .
Like a lavishly displayed knick-knack , of interest only to its owner . Yes , the display is beautifully rendered % u2013 but , in the end , it 's still a knick-knack , no more or less .
Trafficking in arch , winking jokes that even the laziest improv comics would consider beneath them , Alien Trespass is a handsomely mounted , and occasionally well-acted , snooze .
That warm tone , along with the picture 's bright , saturated , anti-CGI look , is a welcome respite from jokes , irony , and the postmodern malaise of know-it-all-ness .
The movie is a curiosity , to be sure , but one fostered by an enjoyably nostalgic spirit .
What 's most admirable about Alien Trespass is its bypassing of the wink-wink condescension that usually defines screen flashbacks to the Eisenhower era . Its problem is the absence of any detectable personality in place of that wink .
Merely coasts along limply , lacking ribald tongue-in-cheek humor as well as the unironic self-seriousness that epitomized its spiritual predecessors .
A pastiche of '50s sci-fi cheapies whose ambitions seem limited to providing some light entertainment for genre geeks .
The movie 's claim of being a `` forgotten classic '' gets less believable as the effects start looking more realistic .
What starts out as a promising retro comic spoof of '50s era sci-fi movies -LRB- think `` It Came From Outer Space '' -RRB- digresses into a flat imitation of the mores and social ignorance it initially promises to skewer .
Kooky faux blast from the past eating disorder space monster fugitives craving humans for dinner , sexpot dames with flirty libidos who would make the Hays Code censorship suits faint back then , and memory lane mayhem with humans wielding table salt .





@highlight

An earnest attempt to parody campy 1950s sci-fi films , Alien Trespass eventually loses its charm among tedious dialogue and cheesy special effects .