Although everyone seems to be trying very hard , it has a deadly earnestness that squashes any fun flat .
Chinese-American mom and daughter reconnect .
Wu has abundant affection for her characters and a sharp eye for how they interact .
Exudes the kind of warmth and intelligence that delivers to well-defined segments of the indie-oriented audience .
Abjectly collapses into feel-good nonsense .
The message here , as in every quirky ethnic romantic comedy , is ` follow your heart . ' But would n't it be great if for once the characters cared more about the continuity of antiquated cultural traditions than their own personal happiness ?
If that sounds supremely sitcomy , well , it is . But Wu and her cast elevate the proceedings .
There 's a wedding , a death and two love affairs in Saving Face , and they all come as a surprise
This indie film 's wrong turns include a feel-good finish as phony as any Hollywood ending .
Lesbian Chinese-Americans deserve sitcom fantasies of idealized romantic reassurance as much as anyone , I suppose ...
The sort of competent , intelligent and humane film that often signals the beginning of a major career .
First-time writer-director Alice Wu has taken the usual romance formula and given it cultural pizzazz .
Although fun while it lasts , it 's just another cute story about family and acceptance that could have been a lot more convincing and heartfelt with just a little more depth .
Far from seeming weighed down by a need to satisfy various interest groups , `` Face '' is light-footed , at times cheeky and always true to its sharply-drawn cast of characters .
It 's a coming-out party for Krusiec , a bit player in Sweet Home Alabama who blossoms as a performer relaying emotion with deft touches and subtle yearning .
... a Hollywood romantic comedy stripped of all the bombast and star turns .
As a sweet comedy , it 's enjoyable enough , as long as you do n't expect it to carry the burden of an entire ethnic or sexual community on its shoulders .
Equal parts adorable and unbelievable .
The story is not unique , but Wu manages to give it enough charming humor to make it fresh and enjoyable .
... surprisingly fresh and charming overall .
Goes beyond the obvious into something a lot more current and meaningful : the need to make your own love , even if society looks askance .
Saves face with terrific performances .
An energetic and endearing story about three generations of a Chinese immigrant family .
Wu has a keen ear for the rhythm of speech , and much of the humour rests in the conversations ' staccato beat -- in breezy put-downs and tossed-off asides and disgruntled mutterings .
Feels fresh mostly due to reasons of ethnicity .
Making a point about choices , as opposed to convention and conformity .
Wu shows romantic comedies can be more than a Cole Porter soundtrack and snappy comebacks
-LSB- A -RSB- predictable but sweet-natured romantic comedy .
-LSB- Saving Face -RSB- gets its heart pumping by putting its lovers smack in the middle of family and community .
A mild but mostly enjoyable romantic comedy that attempts -LRB- not always successfully -RRB- to incorporate elements of screwball farce into an already-crowded mix .
A laugh riot it is not . A sweet , true and , at times , universal love story it is .
A first film with a deft comedic touch and a trio of charming stars .
This culture-clash , generation-gap comic drama is clichéd and corny . But it 's also charming .
Saving Face 's saving graces are its sense of humor and its strong cast .
The people in Saving Face make plenty of mistakes , but Wu 's script views their mistakes with compassion .
It has the heart and spirit of a true romantic comedy , and a lightness of touch that you rarely see in a debut picture .
Family culture-clash romantic comedy gets a delightful twist in the funny , charming Saving Face .
Though fundamentally a warmhearted crowd-pleaser , the dash of piquancy keeps it from becoming cloying .
Effortlessly cosmopolitan and consistently funny .
From generic comedy roots comes something likably cute .
... a conventional but ambitious and tender vehicle about cultural traditions of passion crossing forbidden paths .
A first-time writer-director , Wu handles most of the movie with breezy confidence , drawing strong performances from all of her leading actors .
-LSB- Chen -RSB- reduces the wattage on her luminousness to make Ma seem sympathetically homely without turning downright pitiful . It 's an engaging performance .
The screenplay is n't always smooth or subtle , but Wu quietly reveals small , telling details ...
Unexpected pregnancy and family politics can be heavy , dramatically explosive issues , but Wu tempers her direction with empathy and her script with well-placed laughs , attempting to bridge both cultural and generation gaps without alienating either .
An old story , given a somewhat unusual twist , and works fine for what it is .
-LRB- Writer-wirector -RRB- Wu ... seems less interested in choices and consequences than she is in sending audiences away with a smile .
An affable comedy .
There is n't much original about `` Saving Face , '' except for Joan Chen 's performance as Ma and a nice look into Chinese American life .
Wu 's film takes the received wisdom of The Joy Luck Club for a delightful spin through unwed motherhood , lesbianism and Chinese-American family values .
What does not feel authentic , to either Asian audiences or simply those familiar with rom-com formula is Wu 's indelicate efforts to help Wil avoid talking about her feelings .
By the end of the movie 's hour-and-a-half , Wu 's carefully tied up all loose ends and dutifully swept away any questions . It 's a tidy little film , and her mother and mentors must be proud .
Saving face is the means by which everyone gets through the days , performing in order to please others , to get ahead , to avoid trouble , to survive .
The film is simultaneously sweet natured and sharply observed , and if love eventually conquers all , it takes its own sweet time doing it .
Saving Face is nonetheless a heartfelt and witty film that favorably compares to Ang Lee 's The Wedding Banquet , even if Wu lacks Lee 's subtlety and wraps everything up a little too neatly .
A heartwarming comedy that reaffirms the power of personal choice , while also promising to love and to cherish even the most hidebound cultures .
Tender and often extremely funny , Alice Wu 's delightful debut feature , Saving Face , is a Chinese-American lesbian romance that wisely explores the tug-of-war between tradition and the need to be true to one 's heart .
Wu , who wrote and directed the movie , has put together an enjoyable film that combines elements of the romantic-comedy and Asian-American generational conflict saga to nice effect .
It 's like the movie version of a fortune cookie - nothing too provocative -LRB- or too profound -RRB- , but it 's cute light entertainment .
My eyes were teary for the final climactic kiss .
This multi-generational culture clash has some charm and gentle humor , but where Face falls on its , um , face is in the lethargic pacing , inconsistent acting and unexplored relationships .
A hugely charismatic performance from a glowing Joan Chen makes this cliched little comedy seem a whole lot fresher than it really is .
Alice Wu 's debut film is so deft , natural and exquisitely specific , it feels fresh .
Alice Wu 's amiable romantic comedy examines the lives of three generations of Chinese-Americans living in New York .
A mother and daughter face romantic complications at the same time in New York City 's busy Chinese-American community . Nicely acted .
Charming debut feature .
Enlivened throughout by the director 's ability to document her native community 's unique quirks without ever quite falling into Greek Wedding grotesquery .
Something of a neo-Jane Austen .
Alice Wu 's imperfect romantic comedy completely wins you over by the end .
A light-hearted Asian-American romantic comedy that sparkles .
Pleasant if sketchy .
This film breaks the icy barriers of traditional repression , cold communication . Offers up a series of sometimes charming scenes , but seldom breaks deeper into the surface .
Despite a fairly explicit lesbian boobfest -LRB- projected attendance just went up ! -RRB- , the film is more good-natured than provocative .
The affectionate ribbing of the cultural milieu and Joan Chen 's sly performance raise this a cut above the ... -LSB- formulaic -RSB- lesbian romances and `` my crazy family '' comedies .
Less burdened by earnest intentions than other indie examinations of Asian-American women 's experience , the film 's appealing characters and amusing situations prevail over its general shortage of energy .
Though the various dilemmas confronting the film 's heroines are resolved in predictable fashion , the understated performances of Krusiec and the always radiant Joan Chen , combined with Wu 's tender direction , are the saving grace of Saving Face .
Thought provoking and brimming with charm ... with an infectious sense of humor and outstanding performances .
A film that will appeal not just to the Golden Girls in the audience , and not only the Asian-American crowd , and not only the gay-friendly folks , but anyone in between as well .
A frothy delight , robust with strong and conflicted characters .
Saving Face is sadly far too relevant to dismiss .





@highlight

A charming tale of a love affair that overcomes cultural taboos .