The beauty of Mr. Sláma 's film is how it deftly unwraps a series of surprises for the audience , yet none of them seem like gratuitous twists .
Figuring out the true situation is what writer-director Bohdan Sláma 's beautifully nuanced character study is all about .
The didactic lecture on forgiveness was a bore and all the contrivances smelled like manure .
The actors are interesting rather than glamorous , their acting style consistently low-key , and their triumphs and failures realized on a human rather than grandiose scale .
It 's the kind of film that Hollywood used to excel at but no longer seems interested in making .
This small , contemporary Czech marvel showcases two bright talents and a sentiment not seen often enough on screen nowadays : sincerity .
The film boasts subtle performances and curious situations with unpredictable outcomes .
A meaningful though patient drama built upon beautiful shots , a gentle humor and a great performance from Pavel Liska .
The film is graced with lovely performances by Pavel Liska as the teacher , Zuzana Bydzovska as Marie and Ladislav Sedivy as the boy .
Teacher is a comedy-drama that feels real and humane and keeps finding ways to surprise us because its characters are as complicated as real people tend to be .
Despite all the pain and self-loathing of its wounded characters , it 's a pretty , heartwarming picture that tells us everybody needs somebody to help shatter that ol' boulder for good .
Sometimes predictable , but it takes a number of surprising turns .
Liska , who looks like a Central European version of the young Harvey Keitel , has a kind of pitch-perfect opacity .
The stunning pastoral setting at the core of The Country Teacher provides a sly backdrop for the troubled triangle at the heart of the heartfelt drama Czech writer-director Bohdan Sláma .
It 's a movie that demonstrates , if you 'll pardon the sports metaphor , how deep the bench is in Eastern European film .
Has exquisite cinematography and occasional moments of tenderness , but its characters never truly come to life and its uneven screenplay does n't fully explore their human struggles convincingly and sensitively enough to be make it an emotionally resonatin
Directed by Bohdan Sláma , it deals with weighty issues -- loneliness , sexual identity , love -LRB- straight and gay -RRB- -- in a quiet , intelligent fashion .
The film 's portrayal of farm life as a rugged pastorale lends The Country Teacher a foundation of visceral truth .
A psychosexual rebirth occurs in a pastoral setting strewn with hay and intriguing links between human sexuality and insect behavior .
This sweetly ingenuous film , written and directed by Bohdan Sláma , is a lot less sentimental about cows and flowers than it is about its human protagonists , who fall domino-like in love with churls who wo n't love them back .
Bohdan Sláma 's direction for The Country Teacher , a film characterized by beautifully long , languorous takes , has an assured expressiveness that 's at odds with the story 's bumpy narrative .
A beautifully shot , would-be-penetrating drama about a closeted teacher in a small Czech village falls victim to a wandering plot and muffled characterizatio
A Checkhovian Czech feature with restrained performances highlights the redemption of a gay teacher who ultimately emerges from the closet .




@highlight

Bohdan Slama 's stunningly filmed dramedy is loaded with full-bodied characters and quietly sincere performances .