This is a weird mess from start to finish .
If any of this sounds funny : it is n't . In fact , it 's pretty sad .
Whilst not truly awful it just did n't work well on any level for me and it missed most of its marks .
Going in expecting one thing and getting another is always going to throw you off .
Life After Beth remains a mildly funny film in search of a director with some bite .
Plaza gives the film its motor , and if Baena 's control of the material is occasionally uncertain , ` Life After Beth ' plays best when it feeds off her manic , gonzo energy , and runs with it .
Life After Beth is an irritatingly undeveloped project . A charming cast and a few moments of inspired lunacy make it passingly worthwhile for genre fans .
At least it strays from the well-worn romantic comedy formula , but this sketchy tale of suburban teenage obsession struggles to expand its one-joke premise .
Though it stumbles in some cases , `` Life After Beth '' is a solid zombie romance with some real teeth to it .
Getting people in creepy makeup to gurn and shuffle and get shot is n't automatically scary plus hilarious .
Plaza steals the show with one foot in the grave , her rotting heroine ricocheting between adolescent snarkiness and cadaverous rage , a lethal combination of which no one around her has the measure .
Good effort . Great actors . But a missed opportunity .
While zombie rom-coms are n't original -LRB- see Shaun of the Dead or Warm Bodies -RRB- , this take on the genre has such a deadpan tone that it feels refreshingly unpredictable .
An inventive zombie comedy with a surprising degree of charm .
It 's an age-old story . Boy loses girl . Boy finds girl . Boy realises girl is undead .
A screenplay that frankly might have been cooked up by a couple of bored fifth-formers .
Does deliver some fun undead action , yet the laughs are never as big as you 'd hope .
It seems to be fighting a battle against itself , and is visibly losing the closer it gets to its deflated climax .
We must surely now be getting close to some sort of zombie saturation point , with even the zomromcom becoming a distinct subsubgenre . On Beth 's evidence , however , there 's life in the undead yet .
The comedy inherent in a human/zombie love pairing does n't get this tired and unambitious genre pastiche very far .
Life After Beth is one or two re-writes away from where it needs to be .
If our undead loved ones ever do rise , hopefully we 'll feel the same mix of joy and terror as Zach in this sad and sweet romzomcom .
Life After Beth finds a fresh angle to work and the right cast to work it . There 's death in the genre yet .
A romantic-comedy to die for ... It 's dead funny ... etc. , etc. . DeHaan and Plaza ace it in a sure-footed zombie movie more interested in heart than braaaaains .
... leaving aside the disappointing inevitability of the script , a gore-stained Plaza supplies us with some wonderful physical comedy , and an underused Anna Kendrick sparkles adorably .
Just as the zombie genre refuses to die , this fitfully funny and well cast black comedy does n't know when to stop either .
Not sure if this term has ever been used before so I 'm going to call `` Life After Beth '' a very original `` Rom-Zom-Com , '' which translates to Romantic Zombie Comedy .
A funny and weird showcase for DeHaan 's effortless appeal and a chance for Plaza to go bonkers , CGI-free .
The movie is DOA from scene one and is never resuscitated .
Love means never having to say you 're wormy .
Life After Beth starts feeling more conventional the wilder and darker it gets .
What makes it work is Plaza 's performance . She brings both the physical and the intellectual parts together with grunting elegance .
Once it 's safely slotted in the overworked zom-com genre , there 's no reason to keep watching .
For a romantic zombie comedy , Jeff Baena 's Life After Beth comes up way short on laughs , scares , action and political insights into our culture .
Baena co-wrote `` I Heart Huckabees '' and while he has a sense of humor , the jokes here tend to be meager and tend to dribble on .
While Baena tries to offer a reworking of zombie mythology - easy-listening music makes them horny and they have a fascination with attics and smearing dirt on walls - the movie does n't live up to the promise of its dark start .
as Baena brings the plot to its thoroughly surreal climax , there is a blurring of the banal and the apocalyptic that is all his own . Pain , loss and eventual recovery may be the theme , but this is good grief .
When it comes to the overstuffed annals of undead cinema from A -LRB- Abraham Lincoln vs. Zombies -RRB- to Z -LRB- Zombies on Broadway -RRB- , this anemic effort rests near the bottom of the heap .
Among many missteps is a total tonal identity crisis . Plaza has described Beth as a `` zom-com-rom-dram . '' -LRB- N.B. . This remark is more clever than anything in the movie it describes . -RRB-
A dead-on-arrival comedy that 's just as much in need of some brains as its title character .
Until writer-director Jeff Baena loses his way in the last third , he provides a fresh , silly-touching take on the zombie genre .
A mildly promising premise sputters thanks to clumsy direction , miscasting , and an uneven tone .
Halfway through , the story loses momentum , becoming a listless , predictable Saturday Night Live skit .
The movie runs out of steam , though not blood , long before it 's over .
`` Life After Beth '' may have revived the ultimate girlfriend from hell , but it 's still wan , listless and derivative in bringing her to undead life .
A quirky spirit pervasive throughout and great supporting cast , including Anna Kendrick , make it a semi-satisfying `` zomb-edy . ''
This is a talented comedic cast , but in the second half of the film they do n't get to do a lot that 's funny .
Jeff Baena 's blend of horror , offbeat comedy and heartsick romance works in fits and starts , but ultimately feels derivative .
Plaza , whose wide-eyed stare suggests a zombie as painted by Margaret Keane , plausibly navigates Beth 's journey into full-throttle Linda Blair demonic dementia .
Like its titular zombie , this film makes a good first impression , but before long you can tell the neurons are not quite firing correctly .
Amusing , but low on laughs , irreverence and bite despite a talented cast and a kookie premise .
A feminine point of view could have made all the difference .
In ` Life After Beth , ' Dane Dehaan is , pretty much , the straight man to Aubrey Plaza as Beth ; who does a great job and never winks at the audience .
Life After Beth is compelling while you 're wondering what it is , and then tedious once you realize the filmmakers do n't know either .
`` Life After Beth '' gets into the well-tread zombie-comedy territory in a clever and inspired way . Then it does n't get out of it nearly so skillfully .
A nicely strange , and often strangely fun movie - and , unlike most of the summer 's comedies , a film with some brains . Even if it only wants to eat them .
Life After Beth arrives more like Frankenstein 's Monster than the revived corpse of a well-worn genre .
The film will no doubt have detractors in the mainstream press , but for those looking for something different , ` Life After Beth ' rises above this somnambulistic summer of cinema .
Seasoned actors are left to yell pointlessly at one another , while Beth and the zombie angle slowly decompose .
First-time writer-director Baena casts the film slyly and directs individual sequences with a lot of sneaky wit .
Starts with promise and has some darkly funny scenes but grows listless , repetitive and plodding , the cinematic equivalent of a zombie .
We just ca n't let the undead lie , and while the zombie genre is ripe with potential , Life After Beth does n't tap into any of it effectively .
It 's a fun romp , and what it lacks in focus it makes up with integrity .
Even if Life After Beth is a unique entry in the zombie canon , it still registers as overkill . One gets the sense that Mr. Baena should have let this one die .
Wisely avoids obvious surges in intensity to balance relationship habits with oncoming disaster , generating a movie that 's grotesque and broad , but somehow relatable in its understanding of human need .
It may be time to put the zombie trend to rest . At least that 's what writer-director Jeff Baena 's initially promising , and ultimately disappointing , directorial debut suggests .
-LSB- Aubrey Plaza 's -RSB- physicality and vocal work alone make for one of the most memorable zombie performances in recent memory .
Please , someone , anyone , give Aubrey Plaza better material .
The misused cast is just one of many examples of the unrealized potential of Life After Beth , a film that has good bones , but not enough meat , guts , or ... brains .
It 's a film three or four -LRB- or five or six -RRB- more drafts away from being filmable .
The film just kind of sits there , gradually escalating a zombie apocalypse and hoping that having the zombies retain a smidgen of humanity as they turn homicidal will somehow automatically yield hilarity and poignancy .
What might have been a snappy short is interminable at feature length , the mayhem-in-suburbia conceit generating few laughs as it stomps along .
Plaza is terrific . She commits so fully to her rabid , Romero-esque alter ego , she chews the movie up .
Nowhere near as funny as you 'd expect with its stellar cast .
There 's something listless about Life After Beth - it starts out as a reflection on the potentially morbid nature of grief and then does n't seem to know where to go .
It 's a lot of heavy lifting for what amounts to `` he 's just not that into you , '' mainly because you 're as ripe as a cadaver .
Writer-director Jeff Baena maintains a tongue-in-cheek attitude throughout that it so ironic it undermines audience engagement . He might have been able to carry it off had the movie been in any way funny , but it is n't .
Starts out far more interesting and entertaining than it turns out to be .
This genre mashup - a zombie romance - never quite makes sense in either genre .
Aubrey Plaza brings undeniable life to an her undead title character , and her shining talents are reason enough to watch Life After Beth .
Jeff Baena 's film , at heart , is just another overly familiar story of a boy struggling to get over his first love and who 's rewarded for his troubles with a less volatile replacement model .
Cloaking tragedy in a veil of humor without compromising the truth of its thematic eulogy to love and loss , the film runs the gamut of emotions . It 's droll . It 's mournful . It 's adorable , and surreal , and eerily burrows its way under the viewer 's skin .
A film that succeeds in both its low key premise and extraordinary conclusion ...
Writer-director Jeff Baena cleverly turns the teenage rom-com genre upside-down by integrating certain aspects of the zombie mythos into the mix .
Maybe it 's time for other movies such as this to stay buried for awhile .
Aubrey Plaza is committed to the gag , but the rest of this messy and muddled zom-rom-com needed more guts .
Worth seeing for Aubrey Plaza alone .
... Baena 's debut just never really comes to life and unfortunately lacks the bite the best of the genre has to offer .
Sometimes tender , sometimes frantic , and always funny , the film 's surprising coherence is exemplified in a climactic scene that pairs credible heartbreak with pure slapstick .
Charming , thoughtful and laugh-out-loud funny .

@highlight

In spite of Aubrey Plaza 's committed performance , Life After Beth remains a sketch-worthy idea that 's been uncomfortably stretched to feature length .