This is a great romp with some groundbreaking stuff .
Judd Apatow 's film exposes the boundaries of the romantic comedy genre , and the roles
of men and women within it , in a way that challenges the audience .
Amy Schumer is a feminist . And she 's really funny . She serves up joke after joke , and she does n't seem to mind if she herself is the joke as long as it makes us laugh .
For a raunchy comedy it offers up a hefty amount of complexity to Schumer 's character -LRB- also named Amy -RRB- as a person teetering on hitting rock-bottom , and extremely fearful of failing at a serious relationship thanks to the programming of her father
Amy Schumer , who takes the lead role and writes here , delivers an attractively underplayed performance that makes her character 's outrageous behaviour even funnier .
Schumer shows a willingness to fearlessly venture beyond the comfort of easy laughs into real emotional territory .
Trainwreck is an enjoyable movie ; Trainwreck is a mixed bag . I wanted to love Trainwreck unconditionally and give it an A + glowing review , like Spy , but in truth , while it is good enough and enjoyable enough , Trainwreck does have some problems .
-LSB- Amy Schumer 's -RSB- unapologetic confidence in her identity-both sexual and professional-is refreshing , messy and totally empowering .
Trainwreck comes close to running off the rails only in the final act , when fantastical events occur . Even so , viewers can enjoy a great ride .
-LSB- Trainwreck -RSB- is human , which is more than you can say for most films . Or books . Or humans .
For all its raunch and vulgarity , this is a truly sweet story where the romance can be off-kilter and the comedy can be sad and still works .
Trainwreck 's faults as a movie are overlookable , and its faults as a piece of feminist media are more the result of the burden of representation than anything else .
While Trainwreck is hardly true to its title , it suffers from an identity crisis that dulls the acuity that makes the comedian -LRB- Schumer -RRB- the toast of water coolers everywhere .
On the one hand there 's banter ; on the other , there 's knowing what you want and bluntly requesting -LRB- or demanding -RRB- it . Schumer 's movie is a study in the difference .
However , as much as Trainwreck benefits Schumer , it does even more for Hader ... Here , he pulls off the near-miracle of making the Nice Guy likable , funny , sexy and even someone to root for .
Inconsistent , but really funny . Judged on -LRB- Schumer 's -RRB- own merits and what she 's explicitly said she 's trying to do , which is to be funny , Trainwreck passes .
If there is a lesson to be learned from Trainwreck , it 's that you ca n't succeed if you never try . It 's one of those platitudes often touted in sports , charmingly and appropriately repurposed here .
For Schumer fans , it 's a real treat . For those with less than moderate enthusiasm for the raunchy comedienne , it can get just a wee bit taxing .
One of the funniest movies I 've seen this year , suffused with the sort of raunchy sentimentality that made -LSB- Apatow 's -RSB- previous films such amusing romps .
It 's great . As is the closing hip-hop dance number . It 's not close to groundbreaking as anything she 's done on her show , but Trainwreck adds another dimension to an exciting performer .
Trainwreck is a complete blast . Even as it sends up rom-com clichés , it manages to be both seriously funny and genuinely romantic .
What distinguishes Trainwreck from those that 've come before is Schumer 's loud , original , versatile voice .
This movie is comedic gold ; brilliant acting by all-Amy Schumer , Bill Hader , and Lebron James shine . A sure -LRB- R-rated -RRB- crowd pleaser . Keep kids under 14 at home .
The only saving grace of Trainwreck is seeing Tilda Swinton in fake tan .
In sticking to a boy-meets-girl relationship movie model while tirelessly avoiding cliché , Schumer has uncovered something distinct . Alive .
She 's confident and brazen , a power professional with an unapologetic sexual appetite and an arrested emotional development , perhaps not an original but certainly someone we have n't seen quite like this on the screen .
There are laughs , even if you have to suffer for them .
Trainwreck is funny , ridiculous , but at times endearing - a perfect recipe for a rom-com .
Apatow and Schumer manage to bring the laughs along with raw honesty .
Trainwreck 's outsized charisma , raw honesty , and adroit direction make you forgive the film for its sins .
It will be the funniest film you go to see this year .
This is one of those hit and miss comedies where Apatow and Schumer throw a lot of comic ideas onto the screen . Some work , some do n't , but I did laugh a lot in between those scenes that did n't seem to work -LRB- like those awkward jokes about racism -RRB- .
-LSB- Schumer 's -RSB- boozy misadventures deliver some big laughs , but the film takes a surprisingly conventional and conservative turn .
Incredibly compelling and raucously funny .
Audiences anticipating a feature-length extension of Schumer 's standup routines , which are largely the kiss-and-tell confessions of a shameless party girl , will be pleasantly surprised by this movie 's humanity .
Trainwreck 's a fun ride , it 's just a shame the film mislays its sense of irony along the way .
Amy Schumer brings her bodacious brand of comedy to the big screen with this ballsy romantic comedy .
Ordinarily I complain about being forced to watch a couple date for weeks or months on screen -LRB- see : Fifty Shades of Grey -RRB- but with Schumer and Hader , it 's never boring .
Gradually , the com is replaced by the rom and what began as a frank and smart exploration of modern sexual politics winds up as a more conventional piece .
There 's something familiar about every scene in `` Trainwreck . '' A pottymouth comedy that fails to deliver .
Is it an Amy Schumer movie directed by Judd Apatow , or a Judd Apatow movie that stars Amy Schumer ? It 's hard to tell ...
Smart , funny and unique , this comedy shows off the undeniable strengths of its star , Amy Schumer .
Judd Apatow 's funniest movie -LRB- but also his most disjointed .
if the film lacks the unapologetic female-centric fierceness of her TV program it nonetheless establishes Schumer as a bona fide movie star , with a refreshingly sympathetic Everyperson appeal and an assured emotional range .
Trainwreck is not the disaster its name implies but inside Amy Schumer there must be a better movie than this .
Overall . this is a good comedy , just not a great one .
Maybe Apatow is trying to find new narrative ways , but his mistake is trying to do it using an established formula . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's messy and personal and real , and that 's exactly what makes it great .
For Apatow fans and those who want to see Schumers ' big screen debut . Raunchy humor and adult themes may cause some to not like it . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A romantic comedy for the 21st Century , honest , raunchy and with an interesting and complex main character . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Ment for an adult audience , the movies pokes fun at romantic comedies but thinking outside the box . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A movie that never falls into the formula of the traditional romantic comedy but also never betrays the spirit of the genre , resulting in a fun , smart and cynical film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
With Schumer 's freshness on board , Apatow proves he still has new things to offer as a director , as long as he has a great wcript to work with . -LSB- Full reciew in Spanish -RSB-
It helps that the script was penned by Schumer . undoubtedly one of the most prominent comedians of her generation . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Fun and entertaining , but not at all what it could be . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's not clear if apatow is having trouble focusing on a woman 's perspective or of Schummer is having trouble adapting to something outside of stand up and sketch comedy . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The script penned by Schumer offers a new take on the genre . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It can be a little too much at times but it 's really smart . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This is a good movie , but it could 've been great . And it 's not because of Amy Schumer 's performance but Apatow 's direction . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
I welcome more Schumer on any size screen .
Amy Schumer makes her big screen debut with a script that feels like a much-extended sketch from her TV series . It 's hilariously observant and refreshingly grown-up about sex , but the plot falls back on the usual cliches .
Trainwreck still follows lots of typical rom-com formulas , but it also proves that there is still life left in these formulas , as long as there is true chemistry and tiny subversions along the way .
The pacing of Trainwreck does seem to lag , but that 's mostly because Schumer is just so efficient at destroying you in concentrated doses ...
One of the best comedies I 've seen this year . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Schumer 's script does offer , for much of its game-time , some anti-heroine unlikeableness , anti-rom-com laughs , and a sense that , hey , pretty much all relationships -- family , friends , lovers -- are wonky and wrecky .
It 's a fun , crude comedy with an outrageous central character and plenty of great one-liners .
A hit and miss comedy that at times hits and at others misses badly .
I am all for Trainwreck , if only because it 's one of a handful of films that popped up this summer in which a woman played the lead and talked about some of what she wants . But it was n't quite as funny as I 'd hoped .
Schumer , meanwhile , is a revelation : her Amy emerging as a volatile force of nature seemingly only ever one step away from self destruct , who nevertheless commands our sympathy and support .
... puts a fresh spin on familiar territory that 's freewheeling and insightful and full of love .
It 's very funny and very smart , much like its creator .
Filled with talent , detail and memorable quotes , but maybe a little bit too long . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Judd Apatow 's newest comedy is his best work in years . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Trainwreck starts off as a provocative and innovative comedy , but in the end it turns into yet another generic Rom-Com . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A breath of half-nasty , half-nice fresh air , set somewhere near the intersection between a parody of a romantic comedy and a straight-up example of one .
There 's little doubt that Schumer is a star in the making with a point of view and plenty to say . But as a star vehicle , Trainwreck could have done with going off the rails a little more to compliment her talent .
I imagine reverting to rom-com territory may not be what is expected of Schumer , but it works here and the film is a starvehicle for a very funny woman who has not saved all the jokes for herself .
Enjoyable enough , and certainly not a trainwreck - it just does n't quite clear the platform .
Schumer 's performance is a tour de force of razor-sharp comedic timing .
Schumer has produced the most retrograde romcom for years , funny though it often is .
... a heartfelt , consistently funny film that deftly sidesteps its potential cliches at every turn .
For every LOL moment in Trainwreck - and there are plenty - there are three that thud harder than an old comic keeling over on stage .
The laughs are hearty and abundant and Schumer 's schtick is so distinct and refreshing that it 's miles from the disaster the title suggests .
Trainwreck is both the best romantic comedy of the year as well as its most crushing disappointment .
At times it feels as if five different films are going on at once , but Schumer 's whip-smart delivery and no-holds perkiness keeps it all in place .
Its contradictions are obvious but its one consistent quality is it humour . Amy sees the comedy in everything from divorce to death and , most absurd of all , her own romantic longings .
At best , it 's a two-hour assemblage of hit 'n' miss sketches revolving around the vicissitudes of the Manhattan dating scene .
Trainwreck has n't got the acid of Apatow 's more incorrect comedies : some laughs , though .
Where Trainwreck comes unstuck is in its struggle to raise laughs from tactless material .
Amy Schumer has talent , for sure , but that talent is wasted here .
At last . Trainwreck drags the romantic comedy kicking and screaming into the late 1950s .
The film is often hysterical in the best sense . Not just funny-hysterical , its script bubbling with bad-girl one-liners , but hysterical with an edge of funky , missionary outreach and outrage ...
This is Schumer 's film though , a star-making turn that carves out a distinct niche from her contemporaries , male or female .
Amy Schumer is everything that 's right about this film . Judd Apatow is everything that 's wrong with it . Strong perfs from non-comedians make up for some directorial issues .
Can a comedy be too funny for its own good ?
No matter what happens to her as a performer , she will forever be able to get a screenwriting gig based on her script here ... because Schumer has balanced her naturally subversive sense of humor with the demands of true ruthless commercialism .
Though Trainwreck struggles with its structure - occasionally feeling like a sketch show - it 's certainly honest , though perhaps to a fault .
Amy Schumer is a force to be reckoned with - but despite some belly laughs Trainwreck does n't quite transcend the romcom formula like the best of the genre .
Schumer 's unwillingness to significantly soften Amy as her path becomes increasingly conventional provides needed counterbalance to Apatow 's sentimentality .
The title of the movie suggests its heroine is in need of repair , but the early sequences of her tottering home in high heels and sneaking outside during a date to get high defy condemnation .
TRAINWRECK is a blisteringly funny rom-com that is only let down by the fact that it is not as subversive or as transgressive as it aspires to be .
As with so many of the man-child comedies of the last decade , the film is essentially a cautionary comic tale , its vulgar veneer serving to veil a set of home-spun truths and conservative values about commitment , loyalty , love and common sense .
Emotionally honest in an almost shocking way , and bulging with sexual and scatological humour , Trainwreck is also a deeply humanist and utterly affecting joy from start to finish .
I suppose they called the movie Trainwreck because Smart , Heartfelt Comedy That 's Progressive About Sex and Still Funny did n't fit on the poster .
Trainwreck has an undeniably funny script , but much of its humour is in both line delivery and facial expressions .
Those hoping Amy Schumer 's first big-screen foray would be as ribald and incendiary as her Comedy Central sketch show might be mildly disheartened by Trainwreck .
A traditional romcom with an entirely untraditional difference : a strong , sexual female lead .
A raunchy comedy with poignant romantic moments .
It wo n't necessarily re-ignite -LSB- Apatow 's -RSB- career , but it does remind us of what he can do .
Interestingly , the movie is actually saved from a very average outcome due to its large and unconventional supporting cast .
Even if Trainwreck is n't quite as good as it should be -- it 's baggy and long and loses its nerve in the third act -- it wins fans merely because it exists and for the welcome guffaws it elicits .
Trainwreck is Schumer 's funny movie star debut that could 've been hilarious , if director Judd Apatow would just say `` cut '' a bit sooner once in a while .
Fresh and funny , Trainwreck steams into the station , bringing with it high energy , wit , all shades of humour and an endearing brashness common to the Judd Apatow brand of romcom
a nice , redemptive romantic comedy with a lot of F-bombs in it , which by Hollywood standards makes it pretty much routine
Beginning as a Lenny Bruce routine , Trainwreck ends up as a Harlequin Romance .
What might have been a game changer becomes simply a better-than-average rom-com : a noble effort to be sure but one that leaves a little too much potential untapped .
If Trainwreck never exactly goes off the rails , that could be because there are no rails anymore .
How to REALLY Lose a Guy in Ten Weeks or Whatever ... if this kind of thing keeps up , it could start giving rom-coms a GOOD name .
In a film filled with cameos by comedy legends and SNL cast members , LeBron James and Jon Cena get by far the biggest laughs , which is maybe a problem .
Trainwreck can be so funny , but there is disappointment here where there should have been so much potential .
Taking sure aim at the abomination of the formula rom-com , -LRB- Schumer -RRB- satirizes not just the genre , but the state of contemporary single-hood .
Tremendously , consistently funny ... sweet and sophisticated beneath the onslaught of crude comedy .
Schumer flaunts shtick .
You forget how limited so many movies ' ideas of women are until Schumer launches into an extended tampon joke . It 's a film about everyday sexism and double standards .
Many modern romantic-comedies are shallow and stupid . Trainwreck is one that has something substantive to say . The film is incredibly satisfying as both a comedy and a character study .
Absolutely hilarious , with more truth about the human condition than most dramas .
The laughs here are plentiful , largely from Schumer , although she spreads the wealth quite a bit , to a cast that goes 30 or 40 deep
What she has most is genuineness . She looks and acts like a real woman . There 's no glamour and no airs . Just Schumer , warts and all . And she 's wonderful .
Underneath all the oral sex jokes , beats the heart of a traditional romcom .
Flying in the face of the Schumer character 's initial independence , ` Trainwreck ' slips into romantic-comedy formula . In the end , it 's just an old-fashioned love story .
This is a film that belongs not to its director but to its star , who , if there is any justice in the world , is about to ascend from cult icon to mass phenomenon .
Its length is felt toward the end , when it seems like it 's going to be dragged out as interminably as a Peter Jackson Middle-earth saga . But any hemming and hawing is negated by the majority of the picture , which serves as a coming-out party for Schumer .
Sneaky and subversive , slyly delivering love-spiced laughter ...
The middle of the film tends to drag a bit , but with Schumer 's winning personality along with the supporting cast 's dry humor , this film leaves one bursting with laughs and entertained .
I did n't like most of the characters . I could n't stand to have dinner with any of these people , let alone spend two hours in a movie theater with them .
A little bit of a letdown for a film from an exciting new voice that 's funny and raunchy .
If Trainwreck frosts its cake with a you-have-to-laugh-or-you-would-be-crying-all-the-time icing , you can still taste that sadness in nearly every bite .
Schumer and Hader generate not heat but warmth , the X factor of classic romantic comedy .
It 's got no rhythm or reliable comfort zone . The jokes and ensemble scenes are all rushed , so you ca n't savor them or what anyone in them is doing .
Though it leads to an unexpectedly conventional rom-com outcome , Trainwreck is quite funny in its early rounds -- as we 'd expect from the hottest comic in the country right now , male or female .
Trainwreck is an honest film that defies gender stereotypes ; though , more often than not , it still adheres to familiar romantic comedy tropes .
The film gets long in the tooth and it 's ambition to be both dirty and touching spreads a solid story a little thin ... but `` Trainwreck '' has so much in it to like , not the least of which is the future potential of more Amy Schumer/Judd Apatow collaborations .
Cameos galore ensue , most notably by LeBron James and John Cena ... both athletes show a surprising amount of comedic chops . Colin Quinn , Brie Larson and an almost unrecognizable Tilda Swinton all deliver great supporting turns as well
Trainwreck ... has some very traditional romantic comedy elements , including a big , implausible finish . But even if you know where you 're going to wind up , it takes interesting side trips along the way .
Amy Schumer scores a smash with a little help from Judd Apatow .
`` Trainwreck '' is not very good , but Schumer is frequently amazing in it . Officially , her fans will not be disappointed ; not far below the surface , it 's a bummer .
Applaud the hotter-than-hot Amy Schumer ... Trainwreck just works , from start to finish .
It 's a familiar rom-com dynamic , but the reversal of traditional on-screen gender roles-combined with Schumer and Hader 's easy chemistry-makes `` Trainwreck '' feel new and fresh .
If you did n't already know Amy Schumer is the funniest and most fearless comedian working today , her raucously funny `` Trainwreck '' will educate you .
Trainwreck falls right in line with the filmmaker 's previous three efforts .
Is there room for another star named Amy at the boxoffice ? Yes .
There 's a good movie in here , but it feels like Apatow and Co did n't trust that people would care without endless cheesy celeb cameos and pointless topical riffs .
I liked `` Trainwreck '' just fine , but ca n't help wondering what a romantic comedy made by the Amy Schumer behind `` Last F -- able Day '' would look like . Hopefully `` Trainwreck '' does well enough that she 'll get the freedom to make it .
Amy Schumer 's raunchy romcom is funny but uneven .
Judd Apatow and Amy Schumer -- what a combination ! ... an outrageous and naughty comedy about one woman 's struggle to be her own person .
Schumer , as an actress and a screenwriter , does n't care if we ` like ' this character or not . Because of that , we really do .
It 's fair to say that Schumer 's first major entree into feature films will project her into major star status far greater than any tenure she might sustain on Comedy Central .
The film makes the case for getting over yourself and growing the hell up . It 's more than romantic comedy . It 's profound , even as it makes you laugh again and again . Here 's hoping that Apatow and Schumer are just getting started .
Represents something of a comeback for Apatow , as well as a promising big-time debut for Schumer .
Schumer 's irreverent writing is sharp , and sorely needed in the landscape of witless bro comedies ... We need more smart and funny women on screens big and small .
There 's a funny movie in Trainwreck , but you may have to sift through a lot of debris to find it .
Despite Schumer 's subversive instincts , the romantic comedy remains unchanged .
The absolute best thing about this film , aside from Schumer 's strong , smart voice , is the promise of more to come . This lady 's just getting started .
Come for Amy Schumer . Stay for LeBron James .
On the heels of the tremendous ` Obvious Child , ' which challenged conventions about the modern female , ` Trainwreck ' does n't feel nearly as groundbreaking and revolutionary .
Apatow and Schumer both seem burdened by terminal coprolalia -LRB- an uncontrollable or obsessive use of obscene language -RRB- . Even if it were n't loaded with bad language and so many unattractive sexual situations and jokes , it would still be far too long .
Schumer delivers an avalanche of spectacularly sick lines and situations -- a titanic performance .
For a first-time , feature-length screenplay as well as her first time headlining a movie , Schumer succeeds . -LRB- Full Content Review - Sex , Nudity , Drug Use , etc. - for Parents also available -RRB-
Any future storytelling from Amy Schumer should distant itself from those she admires , so we can experience a true independent vision that will be an actual representation of how funny she really is .
If you have a taste for essentially the same sex joke over and over , which is pretty much the way Schumer 's stand-up works -- as opposed to her much more progressive TV show -- you will enjoy it . If not , you might doze off .
The results are standardized to the point of frustration , but do n't take this as a sign you should n't see Trainwreck ; it 's often hysterical , it 's wonderfully acted , and if you like Schumer there 's no reason not to support her work .
Schumer is very funny and an exceptionally appealing comic actress who can make `` thank you '' into five different hilarious punchlines .
Not as raunchy as you want it to be . Bill Hader 's voice was like nails scratching a blackboard . He wears a bad wig .
Trainwreck is a very funny , very smart movie , though it ultimately falls back on the romantic comedy formula , sappy ending and all .
In the way of most Apatow films , Trainwreck is a little too long , a little too shaggy and a little too conservative in insisting that all 's square in love and war .
Trainwreck is brash , funny , and often vulgar .
Schumer is a fresh , bold new voice in comedy , and while this film does n't fully reflect that , it 's a reasonably mirthful foundation to build on .
We have seen the future of romantic comedy and its name is Amy Schumer . Thank the goddess .
It 's also just fun to watch Schumer bouncing off her co-stars , squinting in annoyance or confusion or lust or drunkenness ; she could probably tell you seven words for snow with just her eyebrows .
People who go into Trainwreck looking for that Amy -- the subversive truth-teller , the feminist role model -- are likely to be disappointed . Their loss . Trainwreck is a surprisingly old-fashioned romantic comedy , the kind that rarely gets made anymore .
My love of Schu makes it difficult to admit this , but I did n't like Trainwreck .
Succeeds for large chunks of time -LRB- mostly during its first hour -RRB- , until it succumbs to the weaknesses of director Judd Apatow .
Trainwreck is anything but .
A surprisingly touching and raucously funny R-rated comedy written by and starring Amy Schumer .
As an introduction to Schumer and her big screen potential , as well as an example of comedy in 2015 , it 's a winner .
The only thing Trainwreck has in common with its name is that it is something you ca n't turn away from .
Often extremely funny , even if it never approaches the radicalness of -LSB- Schumer 's -RSB- greatest , most dangerous work .
The movie veers sharply off track toward the end . Still , the sum of its most memorable parts is great fun .
`` Trainwreck '' serves as confirmation that a star is born , a seemingly average woman whose above-average superpowers include reminding us of our own . Where she goes from here should be fascinating to watch .
Apatow and Schumer know that sturdy comedy benefits from the stuff of real life , and they supply it in consistent and sneaky fashion .
What makes `` Trainwreck '' work is that -LSB- Schumer -RSB- approaches every beat - funny , serious and in-between - in an open , undefended state . And she 's blessed with the perfect opposite number in Hader ...
A missed opportunity for Schumer to sharpen her brand of comedy into something more than merely ideologically appealing , Trainwreck only showcases her limitations .
While I ca n't say I felt love at first sight for `` Trainwreck , '' it is a raw and honest romantic farce , even when it is upside-down wrong .
This is a fully fleshed-out movie , the funniest of the year .
Once the romance takes off , the entire film shifts . It becomes more of a conventional romantic comedy , albeit one with really dirty words . And it remains hilarious , because Schumer seems to be incapable of being anything else .
Trainwreck can be furiously funny . It just goes down too easy .
Trainwreck is not perfect , but it 's perfect for Judd Apatow . He needed this movie , arguably more than the movie needed him .
... it 's Bill Hader who steals the show with his warmth , humanity and surprising sexiness .
A film that crackles with edgy and boundary-pushing wit .
A deeply lazy and sentimental raunch comedy from director Judd Apatow and writer-star Amy Schumer . Basically , a marshmallow covered with bodily fluids .
Romantic comedies can go in all sorts of directions , but they depend on the audience 's believing that a couple should get together and stay together . But in `` Trainwreck , '' that belief is hard to come by .
Unlike many comic vehicles and just as many big-city romances , it 's a real , and ultimately rewarding , piece of work .
... more like a typical Judd Apatow movie about childish adults growing up .
Trainwreck is every bit as funny as anything in Apatow 's late-2000s run of supremacy in studio comedies ...
Trainwreck thunders into theaters with enough hilarity and heart to make Amy Schumer , if there had been any doubt , a bonafide movie star .
-LSB- Schumer -RSB- takes the romantic-comedy heroine and the onscreen treatment of feminism to places they 've seldom , if ever , been before .
Sweet is not how Schumer wants Trainwreck to go down . She wants to explode rom-com clichés and replace them with something fierce and ready to rumble . Done .
Ultimately comes down in favor of mainstream girl-gets-boy in a way that Inside Amy Schumer might find a little dubious , but it never feels like Schumer is aggressively watering down her uniquely prickly brand of comedy for a mass audience .
Looney and hilarious , Trainwreck thrusts you deeper Inside Amy Schumer .
`` Trainwreck '' does n't try to reinvent the wheel so much as rotate the tires of comedy .
`` Trainwreck '' is a corrective to a lot of outdated clichés . It 's very funny and sweet and even a little weepy , and it has maybe the best scene ever filmed of dirty talk gone wrong .
There 's nothing remotely fresh about this plotline -LRB- or the way Apatow , true to form , makes the movie 20 minutes longer than it should be -RRB- , but `` Trainwreck '' works as comedy more often than it does n't - and that 's rare enough .
With films such as Funny People and This Is 40 , Apatow has toyed with finding the right blend of the serious and the hilarious and finally hits it here .
A one-liner delivery system with quips where the story 's supposed to be , throwing everything out of balance .
The script does n't revel in Amy 's quite harmless flaws , or at least examine them in the spirit of benevolence .
For her first big-screen lead , the Comedy Central star has penned a perfect vehicle to show off her brazen personality and wicked tongue .
Schumer is outstanding here , delivering a tart , touching performance , reaching surprising depths while Apatow struggles with tonality and timing , never exactly sure what type of movie he wants to make .
I 'm not sure who 's most responsible for Trainwreck 's ultimate timidity , for the mordant ribaldry evinced in the first half hour or so inexorably oozing into couple-y goo .
Amy Schumer 's Trainwreck is anything but . Baudy , assured , realistic and mature this laugh-out-loud comedy is a delight .
Trainwreck is a tart blend of frank sexuality and domestic drama , giving audiences something they rarely see at the movies : a woman unapologetic about wanting sex .
... Schumer enlivens the Apatow formula without sacrificing her particular brand of confessional comedy .
Delete every unnaturally gorgeous and glamorous NYC rom-com heroine in your mental database . Our heroine is n't walking through life as if it 's one big dress rehearsal until the man of her dreams gets down on one knee with a diamond ring .
Turning the whole ` slut ' thing upside down .
Schumer raises Apatow 's game beautifully . Her biting , pitch-black wit and his penchant for character-driven comedy go together like gin and tonic .
Schumer has never had anything like a leading film role , but self-revealing stand-up and a TV series have limbered her up for the job .
Schumer and Hader are wonderful together . Gender inequity in the world of comedy deserves all the overdue attention it 's getting , and more . But there are matters of craft , wit -LRB- no matter how crude the jokes -RRB- and timing that transcend chromosomes .
Trainwreck is a welcome breath of fresh air and the emergence of a brilliant new voice .
A shrewdly satisfying , blessedly adult-minded pleasure with suspected high replay value . To watch Amy Schumer in `` Trainwreck '' is to witness the breakthrough of an actress primed for superstardom .
If you 're not someone who is automatically shocked or in awe of the notion of a vulgar , profane , and sexually laced comedy that happens to have a female lead , then Trainwreck is going to feel a lot less transgressive and a lot more formulaic .
Apatow still lets every single scene run well past its pay-off , but America 's R-rated sweetheart brings her A-game , and her supporting cast kills .
Could easily be 20 minutes shorter ... If Apatow had made a movie with the young Henny Youngman , he 'd have turned him into the king of the two-liners .
Beneath all of his bad-boy shtick , Apatow 's always been a pretty conventional moralist . But Schumer gives their raunchy rom-com enough of her signature spikiness to prevent it from ever feeling predictable .
Amy Schumer 's unapologetic , fearless approach to comic sexual embarrassment and social blunders jives extremely well with Judd Apatow 's frat-boy humor .
Trainwreck is worth seeing and worth talking about , but it 's too managed and well-conducted ; hopefully , next time , Schumer will really go off the rails and show us something truly worth looking for in the wreckage .
Apatow and Schumer probably believe they 've made a feminist picture , but the reality is something different . This is a conventional movie dressed as a progressive one .
In the funniest film of the year so far , Schumer not only magnifies a hilarious performance with sharp , fearless writing , but successfully inserts beats of dramatic moments that both feel real and honest in today 's thirty-something generation .
If you 're looking for something radical , you 'd be best to stick with Schumer 's television show . Trainwreck is just good fun , and a lot of it at that .
Schumer 's pretty wonderful , and the movie - in a summer that was still waiting for its R-rated smash - is great fun .
The heavily hyped marriage between Amy Schumer and Judd Apatow does n't always result in comedy bliss , but it does frequently provide the gift of belly laughs .
Knows there 's a distinction between the reactionary , retrograde submission to patriarchal norms it could be and the progressive film sincerely -LRB- but hilariously -RRB- exploring anxieties that it is .
So much for the promise of the title . `` Trainwreck '' sticks to the rails .
Despite its formulaic underpinnings , Schumer makes it feel fresh with her comic writing , her comic timing and her ability to make us care for her trainwreck of a character .
Trainwreck is funny , emotional and honest , which is everything we ask our mainstream comedies to be - yet this is the first one to deliver the total package in a very long time .
The laughs come so hard and fast that you may need to watch it twice to catch them all . And that 's a good thing because the way we see it , the more exposure to Schumer 's canny , daring brilliance , the better .
Schumer is n't just a stealth-bomber with her punchlines . She aces the job of creating a rounded person with emotional problems that make sense ...
With her TV show , Schumer has challenged the entertainment industry 's staid perception of her gender . And while it does n't go anywhere quite so radical , Trainwreck is an enjoyable trip in the right direction .
Before it starts to lose steam in its third act , Trainwreck is a deft blend of laughs , romance and poignancy - not to mention one of Apatow 's most polished , mature works .
Schumer 's unique voice is allowed to thrive , offering plenty of laughs once you get past the mean-spirited nature
Trainwreck is -LSB- Judd -RCB- Apatow 's best film ... Trainwreck will now be both Apatow and -LSB- Amy -RSB- Schumer 's signature movie .
The film delivers on every level of the emotional scale . It will make you laugh , it will make you cry , and it will make you want to scream .
Trainwreck is n't perfect , but it 's hardly a. . . railway disaster .
You 've seen this movie , but TRAINWRECK still manages to surprise in how profoundly funny it is , and in the wonderful realism and recognizability of Amy 's character .
Amy Schumer is the total package . She 's hilarious and you 're going to miss a lot of jokes because you 're still laughing at the one before it . She 's likable even at her character 's most irresponsible behavior . She 's also really touching in dramatic scenes .
`` Trainwreck '' allows a new development and angle to Apatow 's trademark anxieties through a unique point of view , and is one of his most hilarious and finely-tuned films to date .
Amy Schumer and Judd Apatow craft a winning portrait of a good time Sally in the grip of her first serious relationship .

@highlight

Trainwreck drags commitment out of all but the most rom-com-phobic filmgoers with sharp humor , relatable characters , and hilarious work from Amy Schumer .