It does n't go for as much low-brow humor as you would expect judging from the trailer , but instead likes to use all of its intertwining characters and stories to again , just explore the different lifestyles , benefits , and freedoms of being single .
Director Christian Ditter paints a pretty but hollow , hetero-normative and infuriating portrait of singledom .
How To Be Single struggles to say anything new about the modern dating game in New York City .
As much as you can feel Single trying to break rom-com stereotypes , ultimately it ca n't shed the formula .
Might I suggest an alternate title for `` How to Be Single '' ? `` Typecasting : The Movie ! ''
Johnson is an appealing lead and although the message is mixed and some of the scenes are awkwardly badly written , it holds together fine over two hours and there are funny moments .
98 percent of the film could be written off as a pandering , dopey , female-centric sex comedy , except in the last few minutes , to my shock , it actually does something vaguely commendable .
How to Be Single is over a half hour before it 's over .
How to Be Single gets major points for trying to do something different , but ultimately it 's still a Netflixer at best .
Wilson generates a number of heartfelt laughs , Johnson is a magnetically compelling lead and Mann is just plain spectacular , stealing every scene she 's in with an effortlessness that 's just plain super .
How to Be Single does n't succeed in its mission to add a new lease of life to the rom-com formula , but when taken with a pinch of salt -LRB- or tequila -RRB- , it has just enough laughs to warrant a right swipe .
A rom-com aimed at the Girls demographic , How to be Single is firmly and often satisfyingly female-oriented .
Those who truly appreciate a great chick flick may find it enjoyable , but somewhat disappointing .
If only How to Be Single had the smarts to not just deliver twists on clichés , but avoid them altogether .
It is refreshing that new movie How To Be Single is , for once , truly comfortable with the notion that women need not be paired off to lead fulfilling lives .
How to Be Single shows that rom-coms can be artfully made and intelligent , rather than dumb and pandering .
How to Be Single gets some things right - relationships are messy - but despite the lesson of the title , this film reverts to standard rom-com , the result of either a lack of conviction or just wanting to tell women what they want to hear .
This dismal attempt to spice up a romantic comedy is as crude and clunky as they come .
How to Be Single is an atypical and predictable rom-com which comes forward with the intent of warming hearts , but fails to do so in any real way .
Sadly , all the effort does n't pay off .
It 's a rushed , choppy screenplay that struggles to find the balance between the respective stories .
Not minding the experience is as close as I 'm getting to to a ringing endorsement , and somehow `` not minding it '' does n't strike me as something likely to end up on a DVD cover .
Overall , How To Be Single is a classic case of a talented cast being under-served by the material .
The interesting thing is how it gives time to develop the characters and go beyond what the genre usually delivers . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An interesting comedy because far from the conventional genre can still surprise . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The film is funny , smart , with a not-so-original argument that reminds us of the Sex and The City girls , but younger and modern . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
The ups in downs of being single from the female perspective presented in a very funny way . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Hey , here 's an original idea for a comedy : single girls in New York trying to land men .
It remains a puny little amateur-night rip-off of Sex and the City , without the saucy wit or sharply-drawn personalities .
This offering from director Christian Ditter has an edge of melancholy not usually present in this sort of shtick . However , the film is ultimately spoiled with too much cheesy silliness .
... a fairly run-of-the-mill romantic comedy that 's elevated by an appreciatively energetic approach .
With some moments of humor and charisma of the actors , How to Be Single is n't that freshness that is needed in a genre practically extinct by Hollywood producers . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The film has little momentum , no scenes that build to a comedic climax . But it 's fitfully very funny , with individual moments that make it worthwhile .
How to Be Single is an above average romantic comedy that excels thanks to stellar performances and the fact that Ditter makes an effort to make it a very human story .
There 's a welcome zany energy about this Sex and the City wannabe , but too many plot strands with characters that have minimal appeal stop the ultimate sizzle
The movie works when it makes fun of other films in the genre , but its affraid to completely embrace the idea of being single . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Dakota Johnson has such a fresh , engaging , likeable screen presence that she single-handedly manages to sublimate the impulse to rip your cinema seat out of the floor and hurl it through the screen .
The story is more relationship drama than wild comedy in the vein of Bridesmaids or Sisters and flits about inconsequentially between the various couples . What holds the attention are the appealing performances .
This slick , soppy romantic ensemble has the snappy banter and skin-deep emotions of a television sitcom but the game cast make it passable if forgettable entertainment .
True , your average broody careerist might struggle to find a gym-toned-cutie with a secret yearning to be a stay-at-home dad . Then again , what film does n't encourage fantasies ?
The film does n't reinvent any wheels , and it does n't try to . But it hits a lot of small , important notes dead on , which helps How to Be Single rise above the rabble .
Sappy voiceover and a pop-riddled soundtrack are subverted by clever in-jokes and self-aware commentary .
A comedy that uses the Sex and The City formula to keep you entertained and make you laugh . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Romantic comedies do n't tend to embrace emotional or moral complexities . This one offers its own kinds of complexities , asserting that it 's different even when it 's not .
How to Be Single defies expectations in a satisfying way .
Just another Rom-Com about the life of a group of single people in one of the biggest cities in the world . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
There is n't much originality in this rude female-led comedy , but its observations on single life are a nicely updated twist on the Sex and the City formula .
The film delivers good-natured joke after good-natured joke and enjoyable character after enjoyable character .
Neither as bawdy as its marketing promises , nor as inspirational as its title suggests .
There are few rom-coms out there brave enough to give us anything like a happy ending devoid of a last-minute taxi ride to the airport and a marriage proposal .
There are quite a few elements to appreciate in this mixed-up patchwork .
For the most part , however , the movie strikes its own great tone , mixing the anxious comedy of realistically awkward romantic exchanges with Rebel Wilson 's more over-the-top but effectively comic antics .
How many other permutations of Manhattan mating rituals can there be ? No really interesting ones , is the short answer .
-LSB- A -RSB- rom-com that actually improves noticeably from the halfway mark after getting off to a most awkward start . Whether viewers will have the patience to wait for this unevenly structured affair to get its act together , well , only timing will tell .
Does n't break the mold but it keeps you entertained and will have you laughing ocasionally . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Wilson and Johnson seem to be in different movies from each other and the film proves coupling shock-value comedy and traditional romance can be disastrous .
While your enjoyment will depend on your relationship status , your complement of X chromosomes , and your affinity for Wilson 's brand of brash , you 'll go on much worse dates than this .
Where the movie surprises most is in its refreshingly nonjudgmental view of female sexuality , and in its literal interpretation of the title , which turns out to express genuine interest in the agency of its heroine , with or without a dude .
Wilson has one or two good lines , but this film looks like it 's been put together by one of Brie 's dodgy algorithms .
Catches the hangnail of millennial hookup culture in its teeth but ca n't figure out how to chew it over insightfully
Aiming squarely at Carries , Mirandas , Charlottes and Samanthas , How To Be Single is familiar but fun .
Nothing that even dimly approximates real life is anywhere to be seen , unless your idea of real life is a half-hearted Sex and the City remake set in an enormous , open-air branch of Anthropologie .
Like binge-watching some weird composite of Girls , New Girl , 2 Broke Girls , and some other show with `` girl '' in the title .
It 's not exactly subversive , but How To Be Single is still an admirable step forward for the genre .
`` How to be Single '' does n't know how to be funny and lacks the self-awareness and wit that would 've made this film truly work .
It 's all so tediously presented as a shallow comedy cocktail , with a rim of salty humor and a twist of subversive edge , that midway through the film I wanted a martini glass to hurl at the screen .
The story seems to rely on its dominant characters to pull us through the flatter moments , as Johnson 's casting in the lead is the film 's biggest gamble - and one that does n't quite convince .
Does n't work as either something fresh , a modern womanifesto or laugh-filled effort .
Even when it is n't depressing though , the characters are too flat and cartoon-like while the jokes are too few , too far between , and too often repeated .
Yet another forgettable movie about sentimentalism from a woman 's perspective with some good jokes but nothing more . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
There 's a sweet message about friendship and self-love at the centre of it .
Hollywood does not know how to make a movie about women that is n't about the pursuit of romance . Even when women say they do n't want romance , they 're lying .
The movie strains from being stretched too thin by so many characters and plot lines , all of which are so underdeveloped it leaves you feeling short changed . But at the same time , more of this drivel would be pure torture .
With some tightening up of both characterizations and scenarios , How to Be Single could have been a worthy entry in the rom-com genre . As it stands , though , it looks to remain always a bridesmaid , never a Bridesmaids .
Rebel Wilson comes to the rescue whenever the pace gets sluggish or the tone takes a too serious turn .
The most persuasive advice in the film is unintentional . If you want to know how to be single , just act like these folks , and nobody will want to be around you .
A horrifically bad romantic comedy that serves as a celebration of entitlement , consumerism , and shallow behavior .
A fun and zany comedy with as many twists and turns and crazy characters . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It has enough virtues to spend some time . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This concept of single still assumes that a woman must have a man , that a girl 's only choice is between one boyfriend or 20 .
Nothing here will blow you away -- think of this one as taking baby steps away from what 's formulaic .
It 's chickbait for Valentine 's weekend , a fluffball that plays like warmed-over subplots from Sex and the City .
What the film lacks in general cohesion it makes up for with a zippy energy , talented cast and smart script .
Most of the moments of either comedy or romance feel a bit too manufactured to really land , although certainly if you 're a fan of these things , being manufactured has never been much of an issue .
How to Be Single relies heavily on rom-com tropes , but succeeds in putting a more thoughtful and funny spin on many of them .
Rebel Wilson is the draw for this 20 to 30-something rom-com . I 'm a fan but she 's awful in this one . However , the movie is awful so maybe it does n't matter .
The jokes work well enough that it 's a real shame HOW TO BE SINGLE defeats itself in all its meandering .
How to Be Single is n't particularly hilarious , but it 's not particularly unpleasant either .
It ... exists in a candy-coated New York where everyone has infinite money , exactly six nonwhite people ever speak and Christmas is always gently covered with pristine , powdery snow .
Forget any label of rom-com or chick flick , this is just one helluva good comedy .
Comedy about love , friendship has sex , drinking .
How To Be Single is unfocused , horrifically shot and edited , and not nearly as raunchy as it thinks it is .
It 's too uneven for me to recommend . But , man , there is some good stuff here that I did n't expect that I wish had been saved for another better movie . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Sex , Profanity , etc. - Also Available -RRB-
Silly and fun until it wears out its welcome .
No one will leave knowing anything more about how to be single ... but the movie is fun , has a ton of heart and a positive ending message that should n't be disregarded .
Think of `` How to Be Single '' as a cinematic Whitman 's Sampler : There are enough pieces that work to offset the pieces that do n't .
The stories never fully gel .
The blandness of the film 's execution tempers the praise it 's owed for the relative boldness of its themes .
The film has some fun along the way , but it is more traditional than it would like to think it is .
Unsure what kind of movie it wants to be , How To Be Single is a messy mix of everything , burying the final , genuinely felt 20 minutes that could have saved this intermittently amusing , sloppily made rom-com .
How to Be Single is a lot like its Jager-bombing , romance-seeking protagonists : Cute and goofy and kind of a mess .
Pays lip service to liberating its female characters as it marches them through the same old cliches .
Drew Barrymore - you know I love you but how does your company produce a film about female friendship and empowerment that barely passes the Bechdel test ?
Though How to Be Single marks progress from the standard genre narrative and gives Alice in particular a chance to be herself , it 's not a clean win . But I certainly had fun getting dirty with it .
How to Be Single deserves credit for fashioning a romantic comedy that diminishes romance and elevates independence , even if its vision of solitude is a shallow version of `` me '' time .
This reheated `` Sex and the City '' adventure flops , even with Leslie Mann and Rebel Wilson hard at work being funny .
An utterly unfiltered salute to the Age of Indiscretion .
How To Be Single is an ode to all things young , urban millennial professional , and one thing it gets surprisingly right about the culture is how lonely the spaces between `` moments '' can be .
If the accepted wisdom is that chronically single people do n't know what they want , the film will stay alone for life .
It embraces so many sitcom clichés-mixed with periodic girls-gone-wild shtick-that any deeper message it might want to convey is lost in the shuffle .
A fun enough momentary distraction , though one with relatively little meat or lasting substance .
When a modern love story elicits a few laughs while also showing off a New York that , under the direction of Christian Ditter , looks like a glimmering fairy land ... you probably , honestly , wo n't really care that it does n't reflect reality .
This singles-baiting rom-com is so much better than it 's been advertised -- a legitimately great , and funny , dedication to self-love with its heart squarely in the right place .
If you like stories about complicated relationships , this might be the ticket for you .
Turning the usual boy-meets-girl conventions topsy-turvy -- and letting women decide whether it is better to be with , or move on from the men in their lives -- is refreshing and interesting .
Being single is a mess . So is the film , and it 's almost messy enough to seem authentic .
A sometimes funny , frequently corny , and overall unremarkable attempt to quantify love in the 21st century .
Much like its characters ' romantic lives , How to Be Single is more enjoyable when it 's being casual .
Lovely stuff all around .
This charming and frequently hilarious romp jumbles the stale conventions of the rom-com genre to delicious effect .
A hilarious , heartfelt and relatable rom-com , `` How to Be Single '' explores the struggles of dating , finding your identity and going after what you want .
`` Why do we always tell our stories through relationships ? '' the film asks , then proceeds to tell all of their stories through relationships - except Wilson 's , which does n't merit a main plotline .
Formulaic romantic comedy ? Of course , but will satisfy the Valentine 's Day crowd with enough laughs and romance for any couple . Rebel Wilson is a comic tornado and is worth the price of admission .
`` How to Be Single '' zips along at a showy pace , like binge-watching a promising comedy-drama series . But while judicious editing would streamline its vignettes , the film 's vivid and vulnerable characters are pretty good company .
It 's OK to go and enjoy this sugar-coated Girls Night Out flick . But do n't be surprised if you 're just not that into it .
Valentine 's Day begs for a dirty rom-com and this fits the bill , with its quotable flirtspeak , sexual euphemisms , and a mic-drop breakup line ... How to Be Single contains just enough of such clever moments to be a decent indecent date flick .
Somewhere underneath the glitzy , studio exterior is the DNA of a decent comedy about the contemporary singles scene in America , but this sensibility rarely , if ever , leaks out .
The rare studio film that does n't punish female characters for liking casual sex - at least until it reveals that random flings lead to an empty life .
`` How to Be Single '' claims the mantle of feminism - at least in its hastily cobbled-together final act - but it 's a burlesque on female selfhood and solidarity .
Roughly half the scenes are terrible , nervously edited and predictable . The other half transcend the innate shrugginess of the script .
Caught between empowering ideas and Hollywood formula , this conflicted and confused rom-com wants to sweep its characters off their feet while encouraging them to stand on their own .
Learning to enjoy one 's own company is valued as much as learning the real meaning of intimacy , and casual sex -LRB- of the heterosexual , vanilla sort -RRB- is portrayed as a simple fact of life that is nothing to be ashamed of .
Hypocrisy is actually the least of the feature 's ills , with emphasis muted by apathetic performances and dreadful filmmaking as the production eventually loses all contact with reality .
For a movie that is meant to celebrate the single life , it ultimately does the opposite .
If you gather a bunch of friends and drink every time your opinion changes about what you 're watching , plan to have someone carry you out of the theater .
Full of frank , just-us-girls talk about men and wicked gags about drunken sex and intimate `` landscaping , '' it 's probably a poor choice for date night . But it 's a great pick for girl 's night out .
Rebel Wilson owns it , Leslie Mann steals it and Dakota Johnson takes another shot at being Everyone 's favorite easy Valentine 's Day date .
While the book had a kernel of believability and seriousness , on screen the drama is pretty insipid .
An entertaining movie that , while lacking real substance or stellar acting , hints at themes to which we can definitely all relate .
This awkward hybrid of romantic comedy and ribald girls-just-wanna-have-fun romp is so scattershot that it never earns any of its eventual heartstring tugging .
Only intermittently funny , cobbling together more storylines and characters that it can bother to keep track of . At the same time , however , it 's a movie that at least occasionally bothers to zag instead of zig .
Extolling the virtues of flying solo is perfectly fine and a welcome change , but it 's obvious the screenwriters , adapting the book by Liz Tuccillo , have no idea how to do that without falling back on the clichés they claim to be against .
How To Be Single is a wonderful surprise . It takes a high road in both comedy and story that makes it work on multiple levels . More comedies that focus on one gender should pay attention to this movie . The cast and crew deliver from start to finish .
The execution may not be there , but at least it has good intentions . Then again , you know what they say about the road to hell .
The throughline -- that would be Dakota Johnson 's Alice -- is worthy of a better movie , just as the lovely final moments deserve a preceding 95 minutes to match it .
Beneath its vulgar humor and crazy situations , the movie shows in a lucid way and consciously the universe of the contemporary woman . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-

@highlight

How to Be Single boasts the rough outline of a feminist rom-com , but too willingly indulges in the genre conventions it wants to subvert .