Even with hives of cool-looking vampires , cowboys on motorcycles , and ninja priests , there are some stories that are just too dumb to live .
Another broad yet eclectic little genre-blender to -LRB- maybe -RRB- toss into your rental queue .
Priest is one of those films you will forget about approximately five minutes after it 's over . There is absolutely nothing memorable here .
The good news is that Priest is not nearly as painful to sit through as Legion . But that 's about it for the good news .
` Priest ' is about five beads shy of a rosary .
Priest is a lousy action movie with boring characters , a convoluted plot , and , most unforgivable , very little compelling action .
`` Priest '' is one of those films you will forget about approximately five minutes after it 's over . There is absolutely nothing memorable or noteworthy about it
anyone who has seen the trailer has seen a good 80 % of anything worth watching here
90 minutes of inconsequential action and cliché recycling ... painful to watch a semi-interesting setup get squandered and become stuffed into a familiar-as-hell framework where nothing ever seems at stake .
An ugly exercise in genre filmmaking and religion bashing , Priest marks a new low in the action/horror hybrid , and once again proves why Paul Bettany is the worst action star working today .
Bettany is a great actor who does melancholy very well , he also has a sense of mischief . It would be nice to see it shine a bit before it , too , fades to grey .
Its visual style veers between bleached desert tones and slimy undercover dankness , but the 3D version is undistinguished .
Some scenes on the train have a certain chill , but overall this is likely to short-change genre lovers .
At the very least , the film 's herky-jerky mood swings will keep viewers on their toes long after they become bored with the main plot .
What 's not to like about badass Catholic vigilantes who fly through the air to punch demons in the face ? -LRB- Do n't answer that . -RRB-
Predictable action sequences & lazy character development add up to an all too blatant cash in at the box office
Vampires , cowboys and warrior priests : an unholy mess .
Priest 3D might be of interest for those keen on the comics but for others it 's a very loud and chaotic but lame fantasy effort with much mayhem but insufficient payoff .
Director Scott Stewart has fun with the genre , making effective use of 3D technology and amid the ridiculous , delivers an often surprisingly compelling B-movie with some superior elements .
... as dull and intolerable an actioner as one can easily recall ...
There 's an overriding sense that many aspects of the movie have either been shockingly underdeveloped ... or left on the cutting room floor .
Priest is the sort of movie you walk into knowing full well its IQ is significantly less than the bucket of popcorn balanced in your lap ...
That 's what churches are for ... get in a man 's way -LRB- especially when he needs to kill a horde of vampires -RRB- .
A poorly conceived , pointless exercise in genre filmmaking .
A sort of futuristic fantasy western with ` The Searchers ' as its granddad , ` Priest ' is an action adventure that will attract fans of the graphic novel and folks who like fantasy in general .
It 's great-looking but lifeless .
it is effective within its own terms
The inspiration may be John Ford and the credited source may be a Korean comic book , but it resembles one of producer Roger Corman 's 1980s ` Mad Max ' rip-offs , pumped up with charmless and overbusy 21st-century digital effects .
These vampires are bestial-looking , eyeless , fanged somethings that look like ... Gollum on crystal meth .
Creepy , pulpy and shamelessly derivative sci-fi .
Bettany exudes an intensity that lays the groundwork for an interesting character , but Priest has n't a prayer of creating anything more subtle than the giant cross tattooed on his face .
The po-faced filmmaking and acting only highlights how unoriginal it is , from production design to music to action sequences
It 's a lot of talky-talky and very little smashy-smashy .
You sit in your theater seat imagining how much better it would be if it were rated R and garnished with tons more vampire violence and digital death .
The parallels between Priest and The Searchers are extensive , and spotting them provides some fun in what might otherwise be a pretty dismal experience .
As happens with big-screen comics , the dialogue fizzles at times . But mostly this is a delicious mash-up of styles and genres : gothic , steampunk , Wild West , martial arts , dystopian fun .
Priest is so not a good movie . In fact , it 's a pretty bad one , but it 's also the most fun I 've had at a bad movie for some considerable time .
yet another in a long line of dim , contrasty postmodern stews that appeal to a particularly dark , pseudo-Gothic sensibility , but probably not to anyone else , including those who enjoy the various genres from which it steals .
The God of Aborted Franchises will be pleased .
It may not be great , but it 's pure , and it deserved better .
Same old same old about humans fighting vampires in a futuristic society - been there done that . Still the movie does have good action and a nice performance by Paul Bettany .
In all of this utterly dispiriting , ill-written and spastically-directed tripe , there is one bright spot , and that is Karl Urban as the villain .
`` Priest '' is based on a series of Korean graphic novels . What it 's really based on , though , is other movies - a whole lot of other movies .
So bad it 's almost good ... almost .
Priest could never live up to its geek cool promise
If you 've watched any of the trailers , they make about as much sense as the full feature does .
High production values and slick editing ca n't save this picture . Nor does its overbearing soundtrack music , which tries to strong-arm viewers into believing they 're watching a pulse-pounding thriller .
A mash-up of vampire horror and period westerns stewed with Blade Runner cityscapes and ridiculous religious images in a bubbling cauldron of dumb ideas and sinfully bad dialogue .
Things progress in a thoroughly clichéd manner
After a strong beginning , Priest ends with a whiff of Jonah Hex about it .
If you have an action movie that does n't have enough loud , wham-bam , explosive fun to wake a sleeping baby , which was the case at my screening , then you , my friend , have an action movie not worth seeing .
The action 's fairly toothless , and the abrupt , anemic ending promises a sequel . The filmmakers will have to pray pretty hard for that miracle .
I guess you could call it a guilty pleasure .
Too good-looking to be dismissed entirely , not bad enough to be worthy of outright scorn , but not good enough to watch , either .
The film , based in name only on a series of South Korean graphic novels , has nice , washed-out desert exteriors and some cool jet-powered motorcycles , but there 's nothing in the hackneyed story or the derivative action scenes to make you take notice .
The whole thing -- which in less than an hour-and-a-half manages to insult Catholics , Native Americans , John Wayne fans and anybody with two I.Q. points to spare -- all climaxes in a lot of fire and smoke and CGI explosions .
The film is somehow a disappointing combo of too-full and oddly empty .
I liked Priest , and I would n't much mind any of these characters returning .
A soulless sci-fi thriller about crucifix-tattooed warriors battling vampires , Priest is too serious to be any fun .
While I hardly hold Priest 3D sacred , I 'm not throwing holy water on it and casting it out , either . It 's fine , as long as you 're fine with adequate horror actioners .
When you watch Bettany , you ca n't help wondering why the hell a talented actor is stuck in such an ungodly mess .
In the way it unimaginatively regurgitates familiar genre elements in service of preachy piousness , director Scott Charles Stewart 's cinema is the equivalent of Christian rock .
At $ 12.75 a movie ticket , you might be better off buying the comic book .
-LSB- If -RSB- you 're looking for a diverting sci-fi actioner that handily mixes the DNA of several different movies , with a few flying crosses thrown in and a heavy dose of Western mythology , sink your teeth in .
There are some nifty touches in the big city sequences ... but the vampire-heavy scenes are nearly incomprehensible .
Adapted from a graphic-novel series -LRB- and what is n't these days ? -RRB- , this unholy mess of horror and Western clichés is , at least , blessed with a wonderfully loony premise .
It 's admirable how a movie with so many obvious influences and references can offer an experience that still feels like its own thing .
Lately , it feels like there are two things you can count on in a Screen Gems movie . 1 -RRB- It will suck . 2 -RRB- It will feature Cam Gigandet . And he will suck .
The simplistic directness of its storytelling is refreshing . It 's as if the filmmakers realize they 're wasting everyone 's time , so they at least want to take up as little of it as possible .
Maybe I 'm giving the filmmakers too much credit , but I 'd like to believe there was once more to Priest than the tedious , hollow , joyless jumble that 's presented here
Priest 's shortcomings should not really come as a surprise . Previously , Stewart directed the equally lame Legion , which also mixed religion and demonic creatures .
Its truncated running time suggests that a huge amount of it was left on the cutting room floor .
A surprisingly effective piece of genre filmmaking , littered with flaws but none so glaring as to sink the film as a whole .
It just makes me sad to think director Scott Stewart and all the artists under him had high ambitions and substantial resources ... for this .
They could have called this one ` Something Borrowed ' because everything feels lifted from other films .
Bettany has little character and the 3D effects are appalling .
... society is protected by a band of licensed-to-kill clergy who power up with prayer and shoot cross-shaped ninja stars .
An irritating , lifeless experience , so bad it sucks the fun right out of moviegoing .
Already seems this aggressively B-level entertainment will quickly wither and disappear in the face of Hollywood 's A-level events .
On a visceral level , Priest offers enough action and cool bits to probably hold the interest of most 14-year-old boys , but its hodgepodge story and overall derivative nature make it feel like a movie that should have come out back in the '90s .
The over-optimistic promise of a sequel will hopefully be one premise which remains dead and buried . For ever and ever . Amen .
In an era where monster mythology has become raw material for all sorts of mediocrity , Priest is one of the best examples of a broad-scale vampire blockbuster .
-LSB- E -RSB- ven though it 's easy to point out how derivative it is in a lot of ways , it 's also sort of thrilling in how spare and clean and unself-conscious it is about itself ...
A mélange of apocalyptic western , gothic horror and vampire action movie , Priest wo n't win any awards for originality . Still , it 's streamlined and executed well enough to earn a tip of the cap from those in its target demo .
At best , Priest is a passable time-waster . Mostly , it 's like watching an extended Gorillaz video .
Does n't have a prayer .
Not exactly an unholy mess , but still a rather too pious retread of classic sci-fi/action/horror riffs that lacks originality or pizzazz .
Did Paul Bettany know , when he donned the cowl of the albino monk in ` The Da Vinci Code ' , that he would soon be typecast as Hollywood 's go-to guy for God-bothering multiplex action movies ?
Paul Bettany in a cassock with a cross biroed on to his forehead , potholing with vampires . In 3D .
Clawing away under its 3D dinge and slick but desensitising effects , the movie is deadly , even when it 's cool - a comic-book adaptation ruthlessly shorn of the word `` comic '' .
Drab , eye-rollingly stupid and with noisy effects designed to drown out audience snores , Priest is just about as bad as it gets .
Not terrible .
There 's a wealth of material to be mined from crises of faith and the idea of the church as supreme governor . But it quickly becomes apparent that subtext is too much to ask of a film that just wants cowboys and clergymen to fight vampires .
Priest is stylishly conceived and has the odd decent action sequence but it 's also derivative , curiously flat and neither as scary nor as much fun as it should have been .
A dourly humourless , futuristic farrago .

@highlight

Sleek and stylish , but those qualities are wasted on a dull , derivative blend of sci-fi , action , and horror .