from its opening ` shot ' , Secuestro Express takes its captive audience at gunpoint on a heart-pounding tour of crime , corruption and class war in downtown Caracas .
From beginning to end , Secuestro Express proves an obnoxious mess determinedly employing the kidnapping conceit it laments to stimulate popcorn movie sentiments .
Impeccably directed , tightly-wound and extremely tense thriller with some neat twists and a healthy dose of social commentary thrown in for good measure .
This film gives one vision of what anarchy is like , on a small scale , at least .
From a filmmaking angle , it 's a movie to be studied , but from a writing angle , it could have been so much better .
As a kidnap thriller , Secuestro Express is a complete bore , but what 's worse is that it occasionally seems to imagine it 's making a point .
An unpleasant watch that showed how sleazy films can get in trying to imitate reality and Tarantino .
A well-intentioned copy but one that holds much promise for its first-time director .
Like swimming in sewage for an hour an a half -- which may be the intention , but is still neither a terribly pleasurable or edifying experience .
There were times when this movie gave me chills to be a witness to such a horrible experience .
Secuestro Express is a wake-up call for wealthy clubgoers who party in the slums of Caracas . For anyone else , it 's bad pulp that glorifies ` gangster ' culture .
The film may have pretentions to social relevance ... and it may style itself as fearless realism , but it 's basically 90 minutes of sadism directed toward the audience .
The bad guys are some of the most evil characters I 've seen outside of a Nazi uniform and they all have a great time doing it .
It 's a skillfully made film , but not especially fun to watch
Artfully raw and surprisingly accomplished , Venezuelan writer-director Jonathan Jakubowicz 's first fiction feature is an exploitation movie in the best sense of the term .
Secuestro Express seems less interested in dramatizing the crushing inequities of that nation than in serving up hefty doses of sadism and titillation .
Secuestro Express leaves you feeling like a bit of a hostage yourself .
What saves Secuestro Express from being an exercise in misery and degradation is its black comedy .
Part exploitation thriller and part sociopolitical statement , Secuestro Express is a little too enamored of its own gangsta cool to be taken seriously .
Regrettably ,
Jakubowicz will undoubtedly become a filmmaker to follow , as soon as he understands what he wants to say -- not just how loud he wants to say it .
Jakubowicz pleases the eyes with closeups , sped-up scenes , hand-held camerawork and other stylized tricks .
The film definitely has a social agenda on its mind , but that does n't lull Jakubowicz 's energy , not for a second .
Express is mostly an excuse for excessive style .
Merges postmodern self-irony with hip-hop insouciance to explore the profoundly traumatizing effects of kidnapping .
Jakubowicz is a whiz at setting up an exceedingly tense predicament and then building upon it a nearly unbearable suspense with ingenuity and insight .
The unpredictable Secuestro Express is more than just a dizzying thrill ride laced with small doses of pitch-black comic relief .
While it 's difficult to resist the temptation to avert one 's eyes , the film 's power is undeniable .
So relentlessly violent and grim that it makes you yearn for a purifying shower .
Depicts a nocturnal Caracas with tense energy while gingerly trying not to offend any political group in the current class wars embroiling Venezuela .
Secuestro Express leaves you feeling as much a hostage as the story 's victims -- more to the point , as if you 've slept in the same clothes for more than three days .
While the cross-section of characters may be too simply drawn , filmmaker Jonathan Jakubowicz still gives us a heady , speed-freak trip along the streets of a wild , impoverished city .
A grim and powerful depiction of the long day 's journey into night experienced by a couple kidnapped by a trio of angry young men from the ghetto in Caracas , Venezuela .
Too often , though , Jakubowicz falls back on his relentlessly pirouetting DV camera , attention-deficient editing and ear-splitting sound effects as a substitute for real tension .
As social commentary , Secuestro Express does n't go much further than regurgitating character types -LRB- poor little rich girl , thief with heart of gold -RRB- and reminding us of Caracas 's class differences .
Another reason not to tour Caracas .
Inspite of its honorable intent to explore Venezuela 's poverty and crime problems , this MTV-like film is so poorly made that it almost comes across as exploitation flick
Immoral and aesthetically bankrupt , Secuestro Express allows first-time director Jonathan Jakubowicz to exploit and sell out his Venezuelan culture .





@highlight

Despite utilizing a visual whirlwind of cinematic tricks , this socio-political thriller falls short of fulfilling its heavier goals but provides a powerful peek into the class issues of modern Venezuela .