a moody neo-noir interested as much in its damaged characters as in the mechanics of its several crimes .
Despite its flaws , Sweet Virginia is a suspense-filled , tension-built thriller with a palpable sense of dread and gloom felt throughout that adds to the strong performances , as well as the drama .
If you 're looking for pitch-dark tales packed with wickedness , cruelty , and crime , this one can make your day .
Jamie M. Dagg uses spare , purposeful direction to put the usual thriller elements , such as a killer for hire , a stash of money , and a hesitant femme fatale , to one side for a vision of lonely people despairing for an intimate connection .
-LSB- Sweet Virginia -RSB- is a high-quality physical and psychological thriller .
The young cast and crew fall short of a hard-hitting tale of heartbreak and violence .
Sweet Virginia would clearly like to stake out some territory on the dark dramatic edges of the cinematic map , but ends up a little lost .
A lot to take in - too much , really .
Sweet Virginia manages to skirt all manner of clichéd setups and crime-thriller illogic to arrive at a climax that still meets the lurid bang-bang requirements of the genre , but also plants its slugs a little deeper than most .
Director Dagg and sibling screenwriters Benjamin and Paul China ratchet up the tension . So does the eerie score by another set of siblings , Will and Brooke Blair , who previously teamed for the horror thriller Green Room .
The film 's key strength is in Jessica Lee Gagne 's cinematography , a very stylish pallet of greys and blacks .
Dagg just lets it all breathe , building tension as people kill time in diners and motel rooms , hinting that something terrible is coming but not telling us how or when . That 's exactly what this material needs .
What happens when men of few words are the lead characters in a thriller ? In Sweet Virginia , some great actors are left high and dry by a script that does n't mesh .
If you need a strong narrative engine , look elsewhere .
A taut and twisting bit of atmospheric suspense , it sinks its hooks into its audience early and keeps them on the line for the rest of its affecting and briskly paced story .
Cut from the same cloth as the modern-day classic Blue Ruin , Sweet Virginia is a solid genre exercise .
Sweet Virginia rises above familiarity to create an evocative exploration of desperation that never loses sight of the humanity at the core of its story .
Small town noir has never had a better soundtrack . The Blair brothers have devised a magnificent sound , which not only creates the right mood but helps tell the story where dialogue is not needed .
A lot of the mechanics are boilerplate familiar to the point of being rote , but the manner in which they 're assembled and played out by director Jamie M. Dagg and his expressive cast of weathered character actors largely redeems them .
Uniformly fine performances highlight this brooding Alaskan small-town noir .
The typical characters you find in this sort of thing get slowly revealed to have ... not a whole lot interesting going on .
The cast and creators of `` Sweet Virginia '' dig underneath flat pulp conventions and find the real pain and emotional instability at their roots .
It 's a gripping , atmospheric movie , with stellar acting and a characterful script . With a lengthier runtime -LRB- and better lighting -RRB- , it would be pretty near perfect .
Jamie Dagg 's overcast neo noir is a sturdy , somber slice of violent pulp .
Strong performances elevate this slow-burning thriller .
All that said , the movie is well put together , enough so that if you 're not entirely tired of its clichés , it might constitute a tolerable entertainment . I 'd rather watch Double Indemnity for the 15th time .
The connections ... feel a bit too circumstantial .
It starts with a bang , ends with a bang , and those scenes bookend some solid character moments and tense , atmospheric filmmaking . This small gem is worth seeking out .
What sets Sweet Virginia above the pack is a leisurely inquiry into the moral rot that seeps into the very bones of lives bent out of shape by disappointment , frustration , loneliness or the absence of love .
Despite the best efforts of a game cast , Jamie M. Dagg 's atmospheric neo-noir is hamstrung by dispiritingly predictable storytelling and thinly drawn characterizations .
A twisty , small-town thriller that blooms in the shadows and shies from the light , `` Sweet Virginia '' marshals a relentlessly threatening mood from dangerous secrets and unpleasant surprises .
There is a deep sense of menacing anxiety that pervades this city-cat-vs . - town-mouse tale .
... the understated , intense performances of -LSB- director Jamie -RSB- Dagg 's cast make this slow burner a standout .
Cinema as complete as this is a rare treasure . Sweet Virginia is spellbinding .
Threatening and deeply felt , keeping the viewing experience surprising even while the story deals with familiar elements of intimidation and distress .
So much quiet dialogue that you may wish that the film would evoke more tension .
A solid thriller with a top-notch Christopher Abbott performance .
Bernthal and DeWitt generate a nice chemistry as lovers who 've found each other after abandoning the romantic notions of their youth .
Sweet Virginia does n't have much of a point , as its characters are reductive variables in an inevitable equation of carnage .
This tense thriller is a gripping character study with bursts of violence .
Sweet Virginia is a white-knuckle thriller that never lets up on the tension and dread .
The script is a bit too lacking in creating fleshed-out characters in favor of telling a standard murder for hire story with a villain who never fully connects with the audience .
This taut drama exists in a timeless noir territory , a world of free-floating dread and dashed hopes where mood supersedes specifics of time and place .
Sweet Virginia wo n't go on to challenge other films within its genre , but at least it 's entertaining enough from the moment the opening credits begin that we do n't mind so long as the narrative momentum keeps up the audience 's attention span .
Sweet Virginia is riveting even when it feels insubstantial .
Sophomore director Jamie M Dagg is surely a talent to watch .
Sweet Virginia 's chief assets are its chalk and cheese leads and malevolent atmosphere ; smalltown America has rarely looked more desolate and chilling .
We linger on dread throughout Sweet Virginia , externalizing a movie whose strengths are all internal .
Part neo-noir , part latter-day Western , this exceptional indie thriller delivers well-acted character insights amid its shadowy , small-town Alaskan setting .
Director Jaime M. Dagg brews an atmosphere of restrained loves and swelling hurt that carries his slow-burn neo-Western with mesmerizing mood and dizzying emotion .

@highlight

Smart and well-acted , Sweet Virginia delivers a tense , atmospheric thriller that transcends genre conventions even as it embraces them .