Manages to be a much more creative and coherent superhero picture than `` Spider-Man 3 '' ever hoped to be .
Tiresome , generic spoof is all about crude humor .
Não tão desastroso quanto outras imitações baratas das produções do ZAZ , mas ainda assim apelativo e irregular .
Nothing in Superhero Movie could be described as magical , but for comic-book fans in a forgiving mood , this lowbrow outing has its moments . -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB-
... boasts an actual storyline and a few genuinely hilarious jokes and gags .
Unfortunately , the film has nothing remotely interesting or satirical to say about the genre it is spoofing , so there is little to hold your attention between the gags , which do not arrive at the rapid-fire clip necessary to sustain the laughter ...
Even though the movie made me laugh hard during some scenes , it 's wildly uneven !
This parody film plagiarizes Spider-Man to virtually laughless effect .
The stench is still thick on the corpse of Meet The Spartans , but apparently filmgoers ca n't get enough of lame-duck lampoons from Scary Movie alumni .
A slap in the face with a smirk . This is n't the fun it ought to be .
This super-powered spoof just does n't fly .
... plays like a MAD Magazine spoof that was written on the toilet
... the gags just lie there and die ...
This year 's Superhero Movie is n't as epically bad as last year 's Epic Movie , but it does provide more evidence that the spoof genre is tapped out .
Superhero Movie should be taken as a well-meaning but ultimately uneven lesson in how to handle future parodies .
There are a few lively bits , and one joke with an edge : a slap at Stephen Hawking and his computer-drone voice . Mostly , though , this is super-lame .
Superhero Movie is the living definition of `` hit or miss . '' Parts of it admittedly made me laugh out loud , but for every joke that scored , there were two that did n't .
Essentially a retread of every bad grade-school joke you 're happy to have forgotten .
With jokes packed as tightly together as sliced cheese , the flick 's comedy axiom seems to be : Never give the audience a pause to second-guess their laughter
While by no means a masterpiece , when Craig Mazin riffs on the `` Spider-Man '' trilogy , `` Superhero Movie '' is cause for some occasional chuckles ...
It 's a bit late in the game for Superhero Movie , which was never going to fly , and barely crawls .
Despite a few amusing moments , this underwhelming spoof is strictly direct-to-video material .
It looks for all the world as if writer/director Craig Mazin took the screenplay for Spider-Man , propped it up next to his MacBook , and just went through it , inserting fart gags , pratfalls and the lamest of jokes .
The very act of writing critically about Superhero inspires something of an existential crisis -- no one likely to turn out for it is reading this review , and anybody reading this review is probably not inclined to see it under any circumstances .
Puerile and idiotic it may be , but Superhero Movie is nonetheless smarter than most of its lowbrow brethren in the Hollywood sub-sub-category known as the spoof movie .
Two laughs does not a decent comedy make .
Writer-director and Scary Movie vet Craig Mazin 's script is so devoid of anything even remotely funny that the movie is more a cheap rip-off of Sam Raimi 's Spider-Man franchise than a spoof .
To call Superhero Movie a satire , or even a parody , of the genre specified in its title would be misleading , since those terms imply at least an attempt at wit . But no real mockery is intended by this mindless grab bag of slightly used gags .
By-the-numbers screen parody fails to resurrect an increasingly tired genre .
The gags are consistently weak .
Superhero Movie would make a decent long-form short on the `` Funny or Die '' website , but at 85 minutes -- 15 of which are outtake-heavy end credits -- its powers of amiability wear off fast .
70 minutes of good if unmemorable fun sure beats 80 or 90 minutes of excruciating parodies for dummies , a la Date Movie and Epic Movie .
Predictable , flat , full of name-dropping , tragically unhip , and likely to make a decent amount of cash .
There 's honestly not a single laugh in the film , unless the mere mention or sight of shit , piss and puke is hilarious to you .
All the most hilarious scenes from ` Superhero Movie ' show up in the film 's trailer , but there 's still a lot to laugh about in this silly parody .
It 's rather benign , actually -- never very funny , and never amusing for more than a few moments at a time , but not grating or clownish , either .
It 's cinematic junk food ; I sat , I laughed , I left , I forgot all about it . -LRB- But at least I laughed . -RRB-
A joke that 's underdeveloped and overextended ... not one of the worst examples of this tired genre , but far from the best .
About five good laughs stretched over a 70-minute running time -LRB- not counting the ludicrously padded 15-minute end credits -RRB- .
The good news about `` Superhero Movie '' is that it is better than either of the `` Fantastic Four '' movies . The bad news is that it is n't that much better .
What 's supposed to be a spoof of all the comic-book movies clogging theaters turns out to be an unfunny retread of the first Spider-Man .
The film 's weakest moments are also its timeliest .
Contrary to popular belief , it does take a level of talent to tell puke and fart jokes well , and that seems to be one of Craig Mazin 's talent , for whatever it 's worth .
Super ? No . But it 's not bad .
It 's a movie for the inner 9 year old in us all . That 's the age that most people move on from flatulence jokes , and sniggering whenever they hear the 's ' or ` f ' words .
Superhero Movie deserves a special place in the burning fires of Hell , where lazy writing , insipid direction , and an unforgivable eagerness towards bottom-feeding stupidity can roast along with the rest of the spoof genre 's recent offerings .
Pamela Anderson appears for 15 seconds as the Invisible Woman ... and if Anderson is invisible she 's pretty much completely useless .
Prefers physical comedy over idiotic references to other movies , so it 's consistently , harmlessly stupid rather than soul-crushingly annoying .
If you enjoyed movies like Mystery Men , My Super X-Girlfriend or even Orgazmo back in the day , then you just might crack a smile at The Dragonfly 's spandex wedgie .
Note to screenwriters : it 's clear you think that jokes ending in the words `` Myspace , '' `` YouTube , '' or `` Wikipedia '' are automatically funny , but it just ai n't so .



@highlight

Superhero Movie is not the worst of the spoof genre , but relies on tired gags and lame pop culture references all the same .