A smart and creepy thriller transposing a classic London tale to in-your-face modern Los Angeles . Helmer David Ondaatje 's deft handling of actors and subtle twists demand a second viewing .
What might have played out as a passable whodunit becomes instead a frustrating drag .
Burdened by a cliche-ridden burnt-out-cop movie screenplay and over-the-top performances that do n't mesh , this is a thriller that does n't thrill as much as it irritates .
Ready-made for 3 am HBO viewing , The Lodger is an unnecessary remake of a story that 's already been covered more than enough times , thanks .
There 's a big cast of characters and the suspense is nicely drawn out , punctuated with just enough bloodlust to keep horror hounds happy .
Stylish cinematography along with a pulsating musical score make for a somewhat chilling experience , but had writer/director Ondaatje kept the story focused on the serial killings investigation without going off on poorly developed tangents , the film woul
The cast works hard to make you believe they believe what the screenwriter tells them to believe . But in the end , it all seems contrived and silly .
A virtual tsunami of directorial incoherence % u2014 arbitrary visual cliches of the clouds-speeding-across-the-sky variety , and some of the most inappropriate use of classical music in the history of movies .
... The Lodger ends up just another modern-day policier , on the order of an extended `` Law & Order '' episode .
Deviates not an inch from its rickety template .
This faux Hitchcock mystery whodunit will only have you guessing why they bothered to remake it in the first place .
This strained , empty effort does n't work as homage or update , and in its darkly violent sensibility has neither the glamour of Brian De Palma 's referential nightmares or even the narrative fuel of the serial-killer-obsessed procedurals that dominate tv .
Filled with second-rate Brian DePalma twists , noirishly blurred lights and usually solid actors mouthing potboiler brine , The Lodger resembles bottom-shelf '80s dreck .
A good cast ca n't save The Lodger , the utterly wrongheaded fourth movie version of a 1910 novel inspired by Jack the Ripper that was most famously filmed by Alfred Hitchcock in 1926 .
What needed to be a taut , structurally sound psychothriller instead malfunctions from the start .
The Lodger is a spooky story ruined by lumpen dialogue , cloddish performances and a director and writer -LRB- David Ondaatje -RRB- oblivious to both .
Ondaatje 's lack of certainty seeps from the dialogue and characterizations to his choice of an overwrought aria-heavy score and a shoddy sense of style that recalls episodic television and myriad Silence of the Lambs rip-offs .
Stark , raving nuts
It takes guts to remake what many believe to be Hitchcock 's first masterpiece , but what Ondaatje 's done with The Lodger could not be mistaken for ambition .
Nodding , winking and sighing , The Lodger lumbers its way to a final twist so anticlimactic and silly as to warrant an incredulous titter .
This serial-killer procedural is about a West Hollywood slasher who apes Jack the Ripper , but the real crime is the travesty writer-director David Ondaatje perpetrates on Hitchcock .
Unlike Terence Davies , whose use of the cinematic past becomes a felt element in his storytelling , writer-director David Ondaatje repeats the past so inexpertly that The Lodger -LRB- an update of Alfred Hitchcock 's 1926 film -RRB- is almost comically schlocky .
The director playfully taunts with the copycat notion of a little of Jack The Ripper in any man , in this flashy when not murky copycat thriller , and those particular unhealthy fixations manifested in varying degrees on both sides of the law .
While noirish films may appear beyond their welcome , ` The Lodger ' compels attention by intricate plotting .

@highlight

An accomplished cast ca n't save a derivative suspense flick that manages to confuse and bore rather than thrill .