The only positive thing that can be said for The Wedding Date is that for some completely inexplicable reason it is set in England and so includes some lovely pastoral scenery and some interesting looking hats .
The Wedding Date is aiming for Adam 's Rib material -LRB- the Hepburn/Tracey classic that is one the all-time greatest man versus women films -RRB- , but its makers are not fit to buff Ms. Hepburn 's patent pumps .
As stale as last week 's wedding cake .
As predictable as a church ceremony and witless as the pastor 's blessings , leaving one to ponder this wedding 's `` reception . ''
While there are many of the right ingredients here -- a likable cast , plot potential , a dreamy English countryside setting -- I still ca n't say `` I do '' to this fluffy flick .
A dupla principal até que se esforça -LRB- principalmente Mulroney , que vem se especializando neste tipo de personagem -RRB- , mas o roteiro repleto de clichês frustra suas tentativas .
The main problem with the film is that it seems to be missing a sequence where we see Kat and Nick actually falling for each other - the script pretty much expects us to take it for granted just because they 're the leads .
As forgettable as a Hollywood couple 's marriage vows .
Perfectly watchable even if it 's deeply lazy filmmaking .
Messing-Mulroney romantic comedy has `` something borrowed '' in its plot -- and a sense of missed opportunity that 'll leave you blue .
The Wedding Date reveals no trace of recognizable human behavior in it .
But I think that if you 're a guy you would be best to avoid this like the plague !
If there 's anything truly scary about this time of year , it 's the typical appearance of the ghastly beast known as the Sitcom Star Feature Hiatus Project .
confuses sex with romance
Clever lines , chic sets , appropriately incorporated cloying songs , and a sympathetic Debra Messing keep the film enjoyable .
Simple and tiresome , as well as unoriginal , borrowing bits from any number of like-minded movies .
The film is just not very funny or original .
Directed with muddled confusion , the movie goes through its stock characters and obligatory plot points without enthusiasm or charm .
Seldom has a movie so blatantly illustrated the need for genuine star power in the lead , especially considering The Wedding Date 's obvious comparisons to not one , but three more successful Julia Roberts movies .
Inexplicable Fantasy Romances for the Harried Modern Gal 101 is a more fitting title for this shameless mediocrity .
And while Mulroney is definitely a breathlessly sexy performer even under the worst circumstances , he 's given little to do here except act like a sexual Yoda and look wistfully at Messing .
My suspicion is -LSB- the filmmakers -RSB- started out making a raunchy , R-rated Bridget Jones 's Diary sort of movie , but ... the suits got nervous and demanded a PG-13 cut .
The writing shows occasional wit and the performances are charming enough , but there is too much working against them .
With blinders on to deflect the obvious - that this movie is n't remotely believable - The Wedding Date skates by on the charm of its actors .
It takes about 10 minutes to figure out every major plot twist in this cheap-looking romp involving a collection of obnoxiously quirky characters .
Even some much needed logic would n't have been able to save this awful mess .
Unlike Pretty Woman , and most other successful romances , we have absolutely NO reason to understand why EITHER of these empty vessels would EVER find themselves attracted to the other .
Glides along with the unself-conscious assurance of a deodorant commercial , confident that the presence of attractive actors in gowns and tuxes will sanction any idiocy .
`` The Wedding Date '' is slight and it knows it . It has no pretentions . It 's an odd little fairy tale about a single woman and her paid stud . Messing is a movie star .
Laudably manages to avoid the inherent sordidness of `` Pretty Woman '' and the underlying sadness of `` My Best Friend 's Wedding . ''
Nothing says true love like a movie about a desperate , neurotic woman who hires a male whore to take her to her sister 's wedding so she can make the ex-fiance jealous . I wonder if they have a Vermont Teddy Bear for that ?
The first problem The Wedding Date runs into is that the whole `` converting a hooker '' fantasy skews mainly male .
Part romantic comedy , part soap opera , part travelogue , The Wedding Date fails to deliver on all counts .
One wedding . No funerals . A pretty woman . Lots of borrowed somethings , but nothing new .
You could call this horrid romantic comedy One Wedding and a Funeral , with stress on the funeral .
This is a charmless , lifeless affair that had me leaving the theater in a mood more appropriate to a funeral than a wedding .
A great excuse for staying single .
To say that the script is bottom-of-the-barrel would be too kind ; this one was already decomposing under a mountain of mulch before Debra Messing unwisely fished it out .
Clare Kilner 's cast frolics in the countryside in an appropriately British-romantic-comedy fashion , and at times the characters trade silly snaps , but Dana Fox 's screenplay is structurally shaky .
` The Wedding Date ' does n't exactly resurrect romantic comedy , but it proves there 's still life in the genre .
Following this botched ceremony , anyone fond of Debra Messing and Dermot Mulroney will be left standing at the altar in tears .
Should n't romantic comedies be a little more romatic ? Or maybe at least likable ?
Perhaps the movie should have been called `` Four Bridesmaids and a Hookah . ''
Mulroney is like a young Stallone - and he 's got half the acting ability to prove it .
A distillation of so many rom-com formulas and conventions it 's hard to know whether the filmmakers even realized what they were actually doing .
This was a fun film that told a good story without getting ridiculous like some of these have been in the past .
Trite , but , Dermot Mulroney , I took an exit poll . You are definitely worth the extra three hundred .
Tonight a very special `` Will and Grace . '' Grace goes to London without Will . Dermot Mulrooney guest stars .
Messing seems to be searching in vain for some shred of credibility , while the amiable Mulroney moves about in his tuxedo as if he 'd been strapped into a straitjacket ...
Know this from the get-go : I 'm one of a dozen or so women scattered throughout the world who didnt like Pretty Woman .
`` The Wedding Date '' has a few good laughs and appealing leads , but it never achieves the lift off of a real sparkling romantic comedy .
Most of the time , it 's as flat and lifeless as Debra Messing 's hair .
I refuse to believe that there 's anyone on the planet , starved enough for romantic affection , that they 'd find something likable about this movie .
An embarrassingly bad comedy .
Dermot Mulroney , portraying a very expensive male escort , provides enough eye candy and mystery to save this movie from being a total disaster .
The Wedding Date is a manfest extravaganza and for that I salute it !
-LSB- The Wedding Date -RSB- should really berelegated to video where you wo n't have to shell out $ 20 + to see it at a theater .
The movie is so elementary , so simplistic , offering stock situations and cardboard characters who ... remain unchanged that it plays like an extended version of a sitcom ...
Meandering , occasionally funny , wannabe fanciful .
Aimed squarely at the single-and-over-35 demographic , The Wedding Date is a guilty pleasure that is perfect for a girls ' night out .
The movie is being sold as a buoyant confection , I think mainly because its distributor does n't quite know what to make of its neither-fish-nor-fowl film .
It 's not romantic , it 's not comic , the performances are weak , the writing is amateurish , and even at 90 minutes it will feel like a long time in the theater .
Mulroney is a stealth actor : Whenever you see him in a picture , you 're not just reminded of how good he almost always is -- you have the sense of discovering it for the first time .
Admittedly , no part of the year is immune to bad romantic comedies . But what distinguishes The Wedding Date , what qualifies it so impeccably for turkey season , goes way beyond generic foulness .
Like a bridal shower , it 's probably more fun if you have some champagne first . Perhaps some enterprising theater manager will consider this .
A movie of utter inconsequence -- a cinematic Listerine Strip that evaporates from the brain before you even get your popcorn tub to the trash .
A bit like cheap champagne : It 's better if you revel in its bubbly fizz and do n't think about the finish .
An epic comic miscalculation .
It is in no way a match made in heaven .
Not a single scene connects smoothly with the next , characters make head-scratching choices that come out of nowhere and logic consistently proves itself an enemy to be avoided at all costs .
Although the trappings are familiar , writer Dana Fox has contributed a lean but clever script , and director Clare Kilner keeps the story moving .
The film has an energetic grace , directed with fluid efficiency by Clare Kilner .
Why Kat must be so emotionally clueless or her sister so selfish is a mystery that invites an essay about what women think of each other these days .
My Best Friend 's Picture Perfect Wedding , er , I mean The Wedding Date ... is surprisingly engaging -- mostly ...
This particular wedding-cake walk does feature the excellent comedic timing of Debra Messing and the charm and sex appeal of Dermot Mulroney , which will likely combine to make this film a hit with the date crowd .
Is true love with a prostitute the best Valentine 's Day fantasy Hollywood has to offer ?
Hardly worth an $ 8 ticket , however , especially since you can see Messing play the same character in a better-written venue every week . After all , that 's one of the central messages of the film : Never pay for something you can get for free .
Even if we could buy the contrived setup -LRB- right : Debra Messing needs to buy a date -RRB- , there is no thought to fleshing out the characters .
Messing should know this is precisely the kind of movie Grace would ridicule Will for dragging her to see .
Do n't bother asking how an Ivy League guy would end up hooking . Such a query could only lead to some dark answers , answers that the filmmakers have no interest in dealing with but which would make for a much more interesting movie .
Even if the material is terribly formulaic and derivative , it 's still such a simple , by-the-numbers romantic comedy that only a Herculean effort could mess it up . And the filmmakers have managed to do exactly that .
It might be best to discreetly misplace your invitation to these strained festivities .
Romantic comedy is a tough genre to pull off in this crass and explicit day and age . This movie gives it a perky try , but its formula , unlike its hired-for-the-occasion leading man , just is n't the right package .
The film 's generic nature extends to everything about it : the unengaging cinematography , haphazard editing , emptily jaunty score , even use of locations .
There 's no real tension , because Kat and Nick are more surely fated than a pharaoh for his tomb .
A fairly mediocre film , not nearly as funny as it should be , nor as heartfelt .
From the look of it , poor Debra Messing 's first starring vehicle was an unmitigated disaster even before the cameras started rolling .
Call this Will & Dis-Grace .
You wonder if the filmmakers intended you to utterly despise everyone in the story . Probably not .
There is not a single memorable joke or line of dialogue in it , something that even the dumbest of comedies usually delivers .
This is a movie that wants to break out and be tepid . It would like to dare to be tepid . But it just ca n't find the energy .
The Wedding Date presents the curious case of two appealing performances surviving a bombardment of schlock .
... the only possible happy ending involves your escape from the theater with a few precious brain cells intact .
Yes , it 's another romantic comedy with the happy moral that single women are miserable and worthless .
Debra Messing ... is a nightmarish golem-creature constructed , Frankenstein-monster style , from the worst stereotypes of modern femininity ...
Mulroney contributes virtually nothing save a convincing profile and makes the transition to lover-for-life feel about as shallow as a single-tiered wedding cake .
Going to see Wedding Date is like going on a date with me . It is moderately pleasant , but you are not going to do it a second time because you know you can do better .
There 's a bizarrely Republican message , asserting that `` every woman has the exact love life she wants , '' which strikes me as kind of unsympathetic .
Surprisingly adapted from a novel , Date is saccharine , uninspired entertainment , eventually collapsing into a flat-out mess .
Elicits a handful of smiles but not many laughs as it approaches a finale that comes as a foregone conclusion .
Just why Jeffrey dumped Kat is a revelation so unsavory that this initially breezy movie sinks beneath its weight , despite the frantic efforts of first-time screenwriter Dana Fox and director Clare Kilner .
The movie goes wrong from the start by simply throwing us into the action and asking us to identify with Messing 's desperate scheme .
Same ol'
Kilner 's light touch keeps the romantic pair dancing around their romance without tripping , but as the film reaches the inevitable happy ending , the steps look all too familiar .
How does Kat feel about falling in love with a high-priced escort ? What prompts Nick 's lightning-bolt conversion to unpaid monogamy ? What kind of work can a former comp lit major expect to find in the world ? These and other questions are left unanswered .
With La Debra finally in the picture , all I can say is , `` give us more Messing . '' Our first date might have been a dud but I 'm willing to go out again .
All surface and no soul . Come to think of it , the surface is n't so darned hot either .
What good is a uniquely photographed dance scene if the characters dancing together are barely two-dimensional ?
As far as Big Day experiences go , a drunken speech from a distant relative would be far more entertaining -- and funnier -- than The Wedding Date .
Even the most ardent evacuees from Super Bowl madness will recognize the familiar road map that the screenplay diligently follows .
Like a wilted bridal bouquet ... a movie that arrives dead on the vine and then asks you to spend eighty minutes watching it wither .
It 's a blessing that The Wedding Date does n't try too hard , but it 's a curse that it does n't try hard enough .
Debra Messing and Dermot Mulroney star in a romantic comedy that struggles to capture the charm and ebullience of Four Weddings and a Funeral .
This is a wedding date that would have benefited from a different designer , a more knowing caterer , and -- most of all -- a whole new guest list .
Mulroney , best known as the title character in Roberts ' comedy My Best Friend 's Wedding , is by far the best thing about this gaggingly unromantic comedy . His character 's bio , divulged in a thumbnail , is the least convincing thing .
It 's all the actors can do to race through their lines before their gag reflexes kick in .
It 's telling that we do n't find Messing 's character worthy of a male prostitute 's love .
Scenes do n't build momentum , and I do n't think I 've ever seen a feature where so many lines of dialogue were delivered by actors hovering off-screen or standing with their backs to the camera .
Dana Fox 's script is all setup , skimping on the quirky character touches and comedic flourishes that could make a predictable outcome gratifying .
All the romantic comedy gloss in the world ca n't save a script as stale as last week 's wedding cake .
Too bad the filmmakers felt compelled to give this sufficiently charming doodle some emotional heft by veering into Four Weddings and a Funeral territory . It only distracts you from The Wedding Date 's own modest charms .
A tossed bouquet full of dead flowers and bad jokes that belongs in the nearest trash receptacle .
Focus-grouped to such a precise dot that everyone in the audience will not only be able to name each brand of luggage the characters use , but will do so with joy and pride .
Messing and Mulroney have wonderful chemistry -- too bad they frequently have it long before their characters should .
The film is made by women , which just goes to show female moviemakers are equally capable of insulting female audiences .
... plays like a hollow and manipulative gimmicky Lifetime channel television movie . Alertly , one should decline the cheeky invitation to this senseless ceremonial event
Yearn , dammit ! the movie screams at you , as you turn your eyes to the wristwatch and lament that , like Kat , you 've just wasted your money .
The Wedding Date 's ending is one of the most contrived in recent memory ...
The shenanigans that first-time screenwriter Dana Cox concocts from this lame scenario fluctuate from stupid to lazy and back to dull
There 's no cliché from any romantic comedy of the past twenty years that this movie is n't afraid to borrow , water down , and then recycle .
Flashes of engagement mired in starry-eyed pabulum with a bubble-gum score to match .
So many body parts from other engineered romantic comedies have been crudely harvested and stitched together in the making of this weird robotic lark that Maid of Honor of Frankenstein might be more useful a nickname .
TV movie level fluff . Yawn .
Some films are ripped from the headlines , others are ripped from the pages of Cosmopolitan .
You know how some movies just ring so utterly true that they defy your expectations and take a predictable genre to new and unexpected places ? This is not one of those movies .






@highlight

Critics are leaving The Wedding Date at the alter , calling it shopworn , bland , and lightweight .