Joyless , pointless , humorless .
Smith 's love of long takes where people talk about nothing in particular just is n't right for this movie .
Cop Out is marvelously juvenile , not just in its typical situation comedy and sight gags , but from its ability -LRB- even desire -RRB- to frequently bring its plot to a shuddering halt so its characters can engage in a few minutes of quiet ridiculousness .
Even if many of the jokes in Cop Out are n't all that funny , Smith 's facility with crude wordplay is what he salvages from this huge mess of a film .
O roteiro estúpido só não se revela pior do que a direção amadora de Smith , que , também assinando a montagem , não consegue criar lógica ou estabelecer ritmo algum , demonstrando que ainda não aprendeu nem o básico da profissão depois de tantos anos .
Cop Out feels like a pilot lost without 20 or so episodes to follow it up .
A half-baked concept halfheartedly executed .
As something of a Kevin Smith fan , this mostly hurt to watch .
Willis and Morgan are a devilishly delightful down and dirty detective duo , as Kevin Smith releases their combo inner zany outlaws in a kind of Clerks with badges .
... it looks as though everyone in the film had a better time making it than the audience has watching it .
Once you 've boogied out to Harold Faltermeyer 's self-parodic `` Axel F '' - style music , it 's all downhill from there . -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB-
Ultimately , there are hints that Cop Out was supposed to be something smarter and less lazy , but no-one involved seems to be able to counter the truly terrible script .
It could have been a match made in heaven . The snake in the garden is a tired script from Rob and Mark Cullen , which purports to `` spoof '' Eighties buddy movies -LRB- Beverly Hills Cop , Lethal Weapon , etc -RRB- but lacks any real brain power of its own .
Trying to make up for a lack of genuine wit , this film adopts a frenetic pace with a constant stream of jokes and action . The result is watchable , occasionally funny and instantly forgettable .
Seann William Scott provides some amusing moments as irrepressible thief Dave but they are few and far between .
The whole enterprise plays out like a bad , dumbed-down US version of Hot Fuzz , or Kiss Kiss , Bang Bang , minus Robert Downey Jr and the meticulously structured verbal riffs .
It 's just not very funny -- despite the all-too-apparent struggle to deliver verbal fireworks , there 's something immovably sluggish and inert about it .
Cop Out marks a new low which is really saying something given that Smith 's the man behind Mallrats , Chasing Amy and Jersey Girl .
Whilst Smith uses crash zooms and slow motion to evoke the likes of Michael Bay , it just feels clumsy and drawn-out .
Kev , get thee to a typewriter . You 're so much better than this .
-LSB- A -RSB- pitifully unfunny ` hommage ' to '80s action comedies .
The plot is unexciting and the dialogue terrible . This is crude , unfunny and unwatchable , so avoid .
Cop Out 's the most walk-out-able film I 've seen in ages .
Like Willis , the formula just comes across as old and tired .
How 's the idea of a grown man punching an 11-year-old in the groin sound ? There you go .
Unfortunately , one lame Die Hard joke in the excruciating opening sequence is as self-aware as Cop Out gets . What 's worse , it does n't even satisfy on more basic levels : the action scenes are too simple to be exciting , the comedy barely even registers .
Amiable if not very funny comedy thriller that scrapes a pass thanks to decent performances and surprisingly pacy direction from Kevin Smith .
Cop Out is clichéd but just about gets away with it despite some lacklustre gags along the way .
Seann William Scott steals the movie every time he comes on screen .
People cut Kevin Smith slack like he 's their step kid or something and if this were another director people would be crucifying them for such a piece of dreck ...
Cop Out could have been an American equivalent of Hot Fuzz but it instead feels like an anachronistic forgotten film that you once owned on VHS .
Some of the jokes in -LSB- Cop Out -RSB- are so far beyond the realms of lame , you have to wonder whether it 's intentional .
The victim swears the director is one Kevin Smith . Yet the high level of non-funniness here , registering 7.6 on a yawn-alyzer , suggests Mr. Smith is being impersonated by a talentless gun-for-hire trying to pass for someone who can make people
The screenplay works in fits and starts , lurching from brief action scenes to sitcom routines between the buddies
The title , unfortunately , is all too appropriate ...
As an action director Smith is just a few steps away from genuine incompetence , and every time the film turns violent it descends into a clumsy morass of incoherence that makes us wish for the days when he kept his camera confined to a convenience store .
Maybe they were having fun , but it did n't transfer to anything an audience will enjoy .
Whether or not you enjoy ` Cop Out ' may rest on your tolerance for Morgan 's incessant , repetitive mugging , which I 've never been able to stomach
Dull , smug , offensive , not funny and loud like a jackhammer . Paul Chambers , CNN .
Meandering and listless , Cop Out serves as ample proof that actors ca n't merely show up on the day of filming and wing it . This is a banter-driven comedy in which most of the banter just falls flat .
Director Kevin Smith capitalizes on the duo 's great chemistry and gets laugh-out-loud performances from Morgan as a bag of insecurities -LRB- not far from his 30 Rock role -RRB- and Willis as the stoic macho man .
This foul-mouthed , inane , poorly-made film comes across as an ill-advised promo for the meager comedy of Tracy Morgan .
Cop out ? More like a strike out .
Willis is a real downer in this one .
A tired and tiring buddy movie that never connects with the audience .
This is Kevin Smith 's laziest effort . Instead of an homage , he just made a bad buddy cop flick .
At least the title for ` Cop Out ' seems appropriate .
Only Morgan reaches the heights of inspired silliness to which the movie aspires , though not nearly enough to redeem Smith 's shoddiest outing to date .
Wants simultaneously to be a send-up of the genre and to generate the excitement a serious example of it would . It fails on both counts .
Well , at least you ca n't accuse them of deceptive advertising : this grossed-out action comedy is , indeed , a cop out - in every sense of the word .
Foul-mouthed and mostly funny , `` Cop Out '' is an above-average movie helmed by Kevin Smith , directing for the first time a script that 's not his own .
The first great comedy of 2010 ...
Everyone who hates buddy cop flicks never spent 48 hours straight sprawled out on their buddy 's futon between 1983 and 1994 . Eddie Murphy and cheesy synthesized ditties are a far better hangover remedy than bananas and cod liver oil . Cop Out is mor
Heavy sigh . So many potential puns . So little space .
Silent Bob strikes out !
Is it a Cop Out to make a throwback to the '80s buddy cop comedy instead of doing something original ? Maybe , but at least it 'll make you laugh out loud a few times .
Southwest Airlines officials might be the only ones laughing at Kevin Smith 's Cop Out
The quintessential buddy-cop film ... and I do n't mean that in a good way .
For people who have n't seen any of Kevin Smith 's films , this should n't be their foray into his work -- his earlier movies are much better .
It sits on the screen imploring you to take an interest , when your interest lies elsewhere -- over by the exit .
a story that is a bramble bush of incompatible plot lines , treatments , and situations that do nothing but prove the existence of chaos theory at its most irritating
The bottom line is if you love Tracy Morgan , you 're going to like this movie . I , for one , hate Tracy Morgan .
The action equivalent of Jersey Girl .
The latest R-rated comedy from director Kevin Smith -LRB- Clerks -RRB- is immature and sloppy . Fortunately , the movie is also pretty darn funny .
Who needs a plot with a herd of stand-up comics and a bushel of wisecracks ?
I was really hoping that Kevin Smith would mix all his 80 's inspirations together and come up with something new - kind of like Quentin Tarantino does with his influences . That does n't happen .
If you do n't normally find Tracy Morgan hilarious , you may not experience the same level of blissful enjoyment from the jokes about his poop as I did .
`` Cop Out '' is such a stupid and soulless bomb that you half-expect to see Bruce Willis rassling a polar bear and the appearance of a giant mechanical spider in the third act .
While still a rude , crude and chatty man film , as Smith 's movies often are , Cop Out works .
Kevin Smith 's hilarious homage to 1980s buddy cop action comedies .
Cop Out plays like one of Steven Seagal 's recent DTV offerings ; where the plot does n't make a lot of sense and exposition is handled in voiceover , suggesting that the movie was never really finished -- just that the accountants told them to stop shooting .
Whether or not it 's a huge hit in its theatrical release , Cop Out will definitely become the kind of movie that will make you drop the remote when it starts popping up on cable .
it satisfies the demands of being entertaining , and does n't bother with the business of emotional depth or even particularly effective storytelling
Smith certainly does his thing here , delivering a film that 's part celebration and part parody of the well-worn genre .
As a massive fan of Mallrats and Clerks , it pains me to say that this film is too long , unfunny and painful . Luckily , Kevin Smith did not write it .
The unsavory relationship between the doctor and a midwife -LRB- Susanne Lothar -RRB- becomes an unfortunate distraction .
It just wants to remind audiences of something they 've enjoyed before , like looking at an old photo album .
Cop Out is a little too well-shot to be full-on cheesy and too much a redux to be , well , as fresh as Beverly Hills Cop or Lethal Weapon .
Crass-tongued Kevin Smith comedy falls completely flat .
An unholy mess .
The real entertainment here will be looking forward to what the usually-candid Smith has to say about this turkey after it has mercifully left multiplexes .
Cop Out is like a parody of a parody of a parody , so derivative and desperate in its pleas for laughter that it 's hard to tell when it 's making fun of itself and when it has simply run out of ideas .
Cop Out is not a flop by any stretch of the late Winter/early Spring , post-Awards season sense of movie marketing . It 's just a genial , generic romp .
Smith has made mistakes in the past but he 's never made anything with less personality , less energy , and just generally `` less '' and I honestly never thought he would .
Kevin Smith aims and misses for mainstream success with this laugh-challenged cop comedy .
Between the scat , snot and drool references , it seems that the targeted audience is an 8-year-old boy named Timmy . A crying shame -- and Timmy might just do that -- since the MPAA rating forbids his attendance .
I 'm convinced that Mr. Smith has the ability to create humorous sketches and slap them together ... But he does n't seem to yet grasp how to structure , pace and edit a continuous , rational narrative .
The movie wants to send up hoary action - and buddy-movie clichés , including the tinge of gay attraction that passes between the stars . But it 's too fuzzily executed to pass muster as satire . Plus , it loves the clichés too much to subvert them .
Going into Cop Out you should expect the expected , a spoof of a comedy that is not an Oscar winner , but rather the first stupidly entertaining film of 2010 .
It 's like Beverly Hills Cop meets Die Hard , except we liked those movies .
While Smith 's self-acknowledged weakness with action sequences is still evident , his gift for profanity-laden comedy more than makes up for it .
Smith needs to stop putting his creative energy into funny tweets and go back to writing scripts with heart and humor and memorable characters .
Kevin Smith may have needed a big Hollywood comedy right now , for a lot of reasons . What his old fans still need , though -- and in a hurry -- is a real Kevin Smith movie .
Unquestionably Kevin Smith 's weakest movie to date ...
Cop Out is foul-mouthed but not funny , bullet-riddled but not exciting , crammed with contrivances that go nowhere . And , perhaps worst of all , it musters up no chemistry between its buddy-cop leads .
It 's about as much fun as flying coach , and -- if you 're seated next to Smith , anyway -- a lot less interesting .
Cop Out is a silly waste of time . In other words , it 's just what we need right now .
Like most Kevin Smith movies , there are pacing problems that could be fixed by carving out about 15 minutes . But there 's also fun to be had .
It 's the first gross-out comedy to come along since The Hangover that is actually a comedy and not just gross , although make no mistake , gross it is -- this is a Kevin Smith film after all -- so do n't say you were n't warned .
A pointless homage to the cheesy buddy-cop action comedies of the 1980s , employing all the familiar tropes but failing to do anything with them .
This pitiful excuse for entertainment is utterly bereft of wit , intelligence or craft on any level . The only thing left to screw up would have been to leave the lens cap on the camera . Wait , that would have been an improvement .
Director Kevin Smith has made some good movies and some so-so movies , but until now he has always been an artist .
Smith and the screenwriters keep trotting out one limp gag after another , including a foul-mouthed child car thief and a parkour routine that ends in a splat .
Cop Out would n't be as disappointing if it had n't been made by Smith , but for those who dig the vulgar wit of his early , funny films , it 's not just stupid , it 's sad .
Willis basically smirks his way through the proceedings , while the gifted Morgan often seems miserable as the butt of most of the film 's gags .
Cop Out is unspeakably terrible , a laugh-free comedy that mistakenly thinks it 's the height of hilarity while the audience , in return , sit stone-faced for the better part of two hours .
What results is a tour de force of sheer comic energy that threatens to rip apart the film -- and its sodden , secondhand premise -- like a wad of used paper towels . It 's a performance in search of a movie .
-LSB- An -RSB- utterly incompetent , painfully unfunny , ploddingly dull waste of time , money and life
Problem is none of what happens is all that interesting or amusing , the plot so threadbare and contrived it does n't work as either an homage to 1980 's buddy cop films or a parody of that very same genre .
Cop Out is pretty funny ... for the first 20 minutes .
This script does n't deserve these people and even if it did , they 're sitting in the wrong chairs .
If it really mattered to you that Live Free or Die Hard was PG-13 , here 's your chance to see Bruce Willis say f *** again .
Shame on Silent Bob . I realize that times is tough and everyone 's got ta make a living , and that that 's probably why Kevin Smith agreed to direct a big-budget studio buddy action comedy . But shame on him anyway .
Gets by a little early on off its leads , but we recognize soon after it has nothing going for it except the usual buddy-cop blueprint , lots of obnoxious characters , and an off-putting mean streak .
If this is the film that gets Kevin Smith the money to make his Fletch film , then we can chalk it up as a necessary evil . But please someone give him the money so we never have to sit through another Cop Out ever again .
... less a ` Kevin Smith movie ' than his version of the sort of movie he might have gone to see with his dad or his friends back in the '80s .
Parental Content Review
`` Cop Out '' is no `` Beverly Hills Cop . '' It 's not even on the level of `` Beverly Hills Cop IV . '' And they did n't even make a `` Beverly Hills Cop IV . ''
Coincidence , bathroom humor , profanity , derivative action , a laugh . Yes , copout , as in desperate attempt .
Cop Out is a case study in how you can do everything right in theory and everything wrong in practice .
Cop Out does not amount to much more than a blooper reel in search of a movie .
You 'll yawn , you 'll squirm in your seat , and you 'll wait impatiently for this interminable piece of trash to finally end .
Kevin Smith is at his best on small , character driven films -- projects that let him be himself -- not as the interchangeable shepherd of standard studio fare .
-LSB- The stars ' -RSB- antics look to be covering holes in the lethally unfunny script , one that Smith , uncharacteristically , did not write .
It 's tough to screw up an omelet . But it can certainly be done .
When your movie is nothing more than a cheap and uninteresting homage , best not to call attention to that fact with a ten minute opening scene to that effect .
An early scene of Morgan scaring a perp with tough dialogue from movies reminded me of primo Smith . Other scenes not so much .
It 's tough generating much enthusiasm for a motion picture that does a lot of things but none of them well .
Here Smith the director is a hired gun , shooting someone else 's words for a change -- the first time in his feature career , in fact . And you know what ? It suits him .
A cliched genre film that rips off plenty of others of its ilk that occasionally hits its mark largely due to the talents of its stars .
The shrug of a denouement does n't say ` the movie 's over ' so much as ` get me the hell out of here . '
While this mash-up does n't produce results on par with the best of the genres it draws on , it still provides plenty of laughs .
Lock up this humorless buddy comedy and throw away the key Read more : ` Cop Out ' : Lock up this humorless buddy comedy and throw away the key .
A variety of scenarios provides ample opportunities for humor , yet most are lazily wasted .
Because Smith has the ability to make a real artistic impact -LRB- and knows it -RRB- , his disappointments tend to inspire deeper criticism than they deserve . This is no more a terrible movie than a great one ; it 's simply average .
As rotten and laugh-free as the trailer . Just much , much , much longer .
Sample any of Kevin Smith 's countless anti-Southwest screeds and you 'll doubtlessly discover material more interesting than this abysmal comedy .
This is a lousy , invention-free script , and Kevin Smith -- an interesting and valuable filmmaker here doing his first direction-only work for hire -- can not do anything to save it .
Nothing to see here , keep moving .
By the time the smoke clears , Cop Out seems like an appropriate title .
Many of the gags possibly looked good on paper , but watching Willis and Morgan struggle with them is like watching third graders do Noel Coward , if Noel Coward had been rewritten by Kevin Smith .
Willis looks content here with punchlines and weapons , giving more of a John McClane performance here than he offered in the last Die Hard picture . Morgan goes supernova broad , but it 's an appealing tornado of spastic distress .
Desperately unfunny , tone-deaf homage to 80s buddy cop movies from director Kevin Smith - just one of the many who should have known better .
A pathetic action-comedy from a guy who ca n't film action , featuring stars who have the chemistry of Play-Doh and a rock .
A soulless , witless , landfill contraption that Smith once would have mocked mercilessly .
Cop Out is a clumsy postmodern buddy cop flick that stuffs as many genre references as it can into the ceaseless patter between Tracy Morgan and Bruce Willis .
Kevin Smith 's take on the interracial buddy-cop movie craps out , leaving Tracy Morgan waiting for the ideal big-screen vehicle and Bruce Willis treading water between the action-hero and character-role phases of his career .
Straining to give limp quotation the luster of homage , Kevin Smith 's Cop Out pays tribute mostly to the director 's rich heritage of self-amusement .
There 's not a whole lot to Cop Out besides watching Kevin Smith pretend , with a crudeness that is simply boring , that he 's an action director making a comic thriller about cops versus a Mexican drug gang -LRB- yawn -RRB- .
A movie that makes little sense , is dumb when it 's not being stupid and yet is still at times laugh-out-loud funny .
It feels like an homage to a period best forgotten , just a chance for all involved to sell out and cash in with a crude comedy that reminds us how bad these particular `` good old days '' were .
Any actual action 's an afterthought in this garrulous goof on the classic buddy-cop flick .
Smith 's directorial style is far too slack for this material , which aims to be an homage to populist '80s classics like 48 Hrs . and Lethal Weapon , but only winds up resembling one of the bargain-bin knockoffs that floundered in those films ' wake .
The Willis-Morgan team is about as on point as four legs with the ankles missing . The sequel will undoubtedly star Adam Sandler and Chris Tucker .
Vastly disappointing , Kevin Smith 's poorly conceived , helmed , and executed film desperately tries to combine humor and violence a la 48 Hours and Midnight Run , but alas , from the start there 's no emotional involvement in the material .
Smith 's staging , composition , editing and humor mark him as utterly incompetent .
This alleged action-comedy is flatter than a tortilla in a panini press ... C'mon , Kevin Smith , quit smoking weed and write a new movie of your own .
Working with a full-on studio budget for the first time in his decade-and-a-half career , Smith is still making movies about guys just like him .


@highlight

Cop Out is a cliched buddy action/comedy that suffers from stale gags and slack pacing .