The problem , for me , is that much of the talk in `` Last Flag Flying '' feels too mannered ... Cranston , in particular , tends to overplay Sal to the point , at times , almost of parody .
The plot is quite obvious , but Linkalter is a great director of actors and , even more , a great director of actors talking and arguing .
Richard Linklater pays his respects to The Last Detail in a funny and sensitive road movie that hits the emotions without forcing them
A moving dramatic comedy that portrays the loyalty in brotherhood with emotional grit and tenderness .
While primarily a slow , sombre affair by necessity , the film often draws its narrative out - and ca n't always find the balance between its dramatic , contemplative and occasionally comedic tones .
A humanistic work , with a slight and unprepossessing way about it ... about losing and finding , and finding and losing , faith in higher powers and purposes .
Last Flag Flying raises many questions in a sober and involving manner . The three protagonists are sharply contrasted .
But as a statement about the consequences of America 's wars - from Vietnam to Iraq and beyond - Last Flag Flying suffers a little from its maker 's preference for keeping things low key .
Linklater 's visual sense has largely deserted him here ... or maybe it 's just the damp weather blanketing most scenes . But the lead performances are exemplary and the emotional landscape they traverse is far from grey .
The result is an unusual and idiosyncratic film that impressed me deeply .
Last Flag Flying might be more likeable a road movie than it is an anti-war statement .
Sometimes the film feels too inaccessible to those who were not American Soldiers and do n't know their customs ... but the world of -LSB- Bryan -RSB- Cranston is memorable . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
It is funny and well-acted but its emphasis on banter over incident makes it a minor entry in Linklater 's filmography .
Richard Linklater 's new film may not be his best , but it 's still far from dissappointing . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An understated gem and a fabulous showcase for a triumvirate of American acting titans .
It 's comedy , it 's drama , it 's the relationship of three beings who are not friends , but who are joined by something , that something that does not have a precise definition as it often happens in life . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
-LSB- Richard -RSB- Linklater finds the right tone , comical and dramatic , one that goes from critiquing the powerful to solidarity between peers ... -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Last Flag Flying is a character driven film and when it works it feels like sharing a pleasant , painful moment with friends . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
The film shows , from the first moment , a duality that tries to deconstruct the figure of the hero , but at the same time it gives a new and more human vision of it . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
... as enjoyable as decidedly bitter . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Last Flag Flying is n't a bad film in any way , but perhaps failed , above all , because it 's a lesser entry into -LSB- Richard -RSB- Linklater 's career .
` Sequelitis ' -LRB- or the long shadow of Ashby -RRB- has played against Linklater , but at least his handling in the art of nostalgia is still intact . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The many contradictory , and purposefully muddled , points of view provide a very human perspective , which ensures that the film is more provocative than its downbeat nature suggests .
The saddest film of the year
... bittersweet and tabernacle . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
The message tries to be the important element here . This message of patriotism and what it means to fight for one 's country is mixed and problematic , especially in the film 's final act . It 's a film that does n't pick a side , much to its detriment .
It would have been easy for Mr. Linklater to make this an anti-war film or a pro-military production . There are moments when both are discussed with a kick-to-the-gut frankness , but the big-ticket political items always give way to the very human aspects .
Admittedly , it takes a certain level of patience to appreciate Last Flag Flying 's slow pace - a tall order for the mainstream audience . Yet , it is a fair trade if you can admire its earnest tone that is visceral and truly hits home .
At least there 's a camaraderie in knowing that your losses were for nothing .
Continuous moments of humor . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Bryan Cranston , Laurence Fishburne and Steve Carell are easy to watch , but the drama is never deeply convincing .
What ensues is essentially a road trip , with much joshing and reflection , the men all haunted by a distinctly unheroic past .
A trio of terrific performances prevent this road movie from getting bogged down in its wallowing score and on-the-nose message .
This is a darker story , but not dark enough , and you wish it could have been less conventional and harder-hitting .
With one or two caveats , I enjoyed it enormously .
This wry and rueful film largely consists of three men talking and its static quality makes it feel more like a play with Cranston stealing the acting honours as the rascally , sardonic Sal .
As funny as it is moving .
But Last Flag Flying disappoints . By comparison to The Last Detail , it 's bland and underpowered , with a script that lacks the earlier movie 's poetry or razory wit . And on its own terms it struggles .
A sort of grumpy-old-man comedy that looks as if it could have been directed by anyone .
For all its seeming modesty , this is a mature , contemplative and mostly rewarding experiment : no awards-season bruiser , but a worthwhile B-side for Ashby 's venerable American classic .
Last Flag Flying is sincere without being saccharine , and while it 's nowhere near peak Linklater , and its narrative feels fundamentally generic , the performances and quick-wittedness propel the film .
Linklater allows Cranston , Carrell and Fishburne to give performances of a richness and depth that you wo n't find in their more obviously crowd-pleasing movies .
The result is a `` compare and contrast '' experiment , one that feels unevenly paced and soft in focus because ideas that might have worked on the pages of its source book have not translated well into film .
What a bland and sugary texture there is to this very conservative , undemanding oldster roadtrip .
Linklater and cast find buddyism 's frail absurdity . They also find the way it can torque triteness into Talking About America .
Linklater 's deft touch seems to have left him for this project .
It 's that rare thing : a sequel , albeit 44 years late , that is worth catching up with .
A salty road trip tinged with sadness , sensitively handled by Linklater and his cast . Unfocused in places , but never less than diverting .
Last Flag Flying may feel like a film out of time in the present moment , but it 's a terrifically funny , deeply moving picture whose time will surely come .
Carell and Fishburne fans , in particular , should make sure to catch it .
Questions America 's endless wars .
... a sensitive yet thought-provoking rumination on grief , mortality , bitterness , regret and reconciliation that balances cynicism with heartfelt appreciation for military service .
... the big emotional beats of the movie 's climax are simply unable to pack the punch that Linklater has intended ...
What makes it work so splendidly are some terrific characters you do n't mind spending a couple of hours with .
Two men played by Steve Carell and Bryan Cranston deliver soul-searching performance , telling off the Marines who insist on buying a dead soldier where they want to bury him .
Last Flag Flying lacks the organic flow of Linklater 's earlier gems , and its profound anti-war sentiment is lost in a script that seems more concerned with spoon feeding the audience some grand platitudes .
This road picture 's many detours , the stuff that should be right in Linklater 's wheelhouse , mostly feel , well , like vexing delays .
There 's pleasure in watching these performers , even if they sometimes seem to be acting in different movies .
Somber and sorrowful ... instead of sentimentality , it 's thought-provoking , a very different kind of war film ...
A heartfelt story about male friendship . Carell , Fishbourne and especially Cranston are all at the top of their game .
If a viewer is n't familiar with The Last Detail then Last Flag Flying gets by as an okay grumpy old soldiers tragicomedy . The rest of us know better because we 've seen far better .
Indeed , the ending , somewhat enigmatic and oddly abrupt , brings to bear a peculiar plot element that frankly could have more or less resolved practically everything else in the film had it only come a few days earlier , as it clearly should have .
Bring hankie to this film .
It 's a portrait of a reunion between three friends that went on to lead drastically different lives after the war , and their camaraderie feels genuine . Not to mention , nearly everything Bryan Cranston says is hilarious .
Last Flag Flying will certainly stir memories of the 1973 Jack Nicholson vehicle The Last Detail , and that 's no accident .
Like Linklater 's most significant work , `` Last Flag Flying '' is a heavyweight drama that 's light on its feet .
For a long two hours , Linklater seemingly surrenders to a sort of bland nostalgia that encompasses dull cinematography , sterile acoustic-guitar music , formless scenes that last too long , and exposition that often makes little real sense .
It 's a salute to the strength of the human spirit as presented by three phenomenal performers playing out a touching and unforgettable story that solidifies Linklater 's place among the best directors working today .
It 's a pleasure to watch these actors just sit and be together , but I 'd be overly generous if I said it was especially memorable or even dramatic . We 're left with an interesting experiment , but not much of a movie .
Some fine moments of relevancy do shine through , but ` Last Flag ' ultimately flies through too many hoops in its search to find what legitimate patriotism is all about .
Last Flag Flying provides broad brush strokes and nuances and rewards with every line , whether comic or tragic .
Last Flag Flying continues a recent trend in American cinema of low-key , surprisingly mature war movies that manage patriotism without jingoism .
The film ... seems uncertain of its own unusualness as Linklater eventually opts for a piece that is little more than a road movie and its rhythm stalls .
While Last Flag Flying has moments of lightness and levity , it 's ultimately a sombre and moving tale about the trials that life throws in our path and how we move on with a little help from our friends .
`` Last Flag Flying '' is about the lies we tell ourselves , the lies the government tells us , the fights we fight and how they all inform the memories we mold .
This film 's strength lies in its gentle , dissonant sincerity - trademarks of Mr. Linklater 's humanism : Three men with vastly different values bonding in the gradual understanding that their losses were for naught .
We know where the Last Flag Flying filmmakers want to take us emotionally , but their efforts veer toward the obvious and clunky . And despite some poignant moments , the characters do n't always ring true .
Lands awkwardly somewhere between comedy and drama , and nowhere near the poignancy toward which it was striving .
Two wars , Vietnam and Iraq , intersect in memory and grief in Last Flag Flying , a drama that gets considerable mileage out of its three outstanding leads .
Overall , Last Flag Flying has more going for it than working against it . Linklater 's effort is ultimately aimed at the heart and intended as a tribute to the men and women who served .
Last Flag Flying is a terrific film that allows no self-righteousness from anyone . It 's about war veterans in a way we need now . It is n't just a moving entertainment for its audience , it 's a kind of redemption for it as well .
Neither an indictment nor an endorsement of war , `` Last Flag Flying '' reclaims patriotism as a uniter , not a divider .
The trio ultimately becomes tiresome long before the emotional big finish . Talk about no country for old men .
Cranston and Fishburne chew plenty of scenery , but the temperature of Last Flag Standing is told by checking the slumped shoulders of Carell 's Doc . They seem to slump more and more as the movie gets heavier .
In the moment , it feels strangely light - there 's a moment of catharsis that feels a little too neat , and the banter between the men sometimes comes off as detours , or too light , but that 's the way life is , and Linklater knows it .
These characters love this country enough to question what they fought and bled for , demanding that we in the audience honor their sacrifice by doing the same .
Linklater is wise enough to lean on the actors as much as he can , pulling out unusual feelings and reactions to the unthinkable and the unforgettable , allowing the effort to access a sense of honesty and impulse as it maintains a mournful journey .
Linklater juggles the movie 's shifting moods expertly and draws moving , finely textured performances from his stars .
Linklater 's taste for eccentricity makes him a natural for road trip movies .
Last Flag Flying is a masterful motion picture , watching it unfold for the first time a pleasurably moving joy I 'll treasure for many years to come .
While conventional in execution and its underlying anti-war/pro-soldier sentiments , `` Flag '' nevertheless is buttressed by a warm humanity and stirring performances from Bryan Cranston , Laurence Fishburne and , especially , Steve Carell .
Last Flag Flying lacks the casual , lived-in realism you usually find in a Linklater film . You do n't buy the men as long-separated pals , and so you do n't really buy the premise the connection that caused Doc to seek out these men is not visible on screen .
Ponicsan co-authored the screenplay for Last Flag with Linklater , and the movie has some -LRB- but not all -RRB- of Last Detail 's comic bite .
As you might suspect with this cast and director Richard Linklater , Last Flag Flying is an actor 's showcase .
It 's not splashy , but it 's more than enough . It 's melancholy about what war does to men , but never feels the need to cue sad , sentimental music .
The end result is a stellar ensemble wrangling heavy emotional beats and novelistic dialogue .
By holding off on obvious pyrotechnics , Linklater achieves more emotional impact than he would have if his characters had spent the entire film yelling at each other .
With its well-drawn characters -LRB- a Linklater trademark -RRB- and mood of quiet restraint , `` Last Flag Flying '' touches the heart at a deep level .
Despite some strong moments and a great cast , Last Flag Flying is hard to sit through .
Last Flag Flying finds a trio of middle-aged Vietnam veterans road-tripping through post-9 / 11 America on the saddest mission imaginable .
This is a road trip you want to take .
Last Flag Flying should appeal to anyone who loves a good road trip film with old friends .
The film winds up like both its subjects and the military they served in : sincere in its objectives , compromised in its execution .
Too damned cute for its own good
Three of the best actors in the world give immense depth and humanity to characters who might so easily have been caricatures .
A thoughtful meditation about war and surviving in its aftermath , Last Flag Flying avoids descending into the hell where many such movies take us and , as a result , is more hopeful and life-affirming .
Doc is n't the central figure of co-writer/director Richard Linklater 's film , but he is its broken heart , its moral outrage , and its ultimate acceptance ...
`` Last Flag Flying '' reminds us that how we respond to it - the choices we make in response to it - makes us who we are .
It 's a stand-alone film . Maybe a sequel in terms of some themes , and the general plot device of a transformative train trip . This is one of the best movies of 2017 .
For its studiously modest , unassuming tone , `` Last Flag Flying '' is a movie of enormous humanity and heart .
Well-meaning but pedestrian ... . Too often ... things ring dramatically false , and what is meant to be deeply moving is bathetic instead .
The superlative performances of the actors reveal the various shades of the characters , whose disillusionments with the military and life have not quenched their gung-ho spirits and jocularity .
Linklater is a gifted director who never gets in the way of his actors . The best moments here are the three men talking about their lives , challenging each other .
It sends the mind moving , to the links between Vietnam and Iraq , to the bonds of grief and friendship , and to what it means to serve a country and an institution that gives and takes away .
Linklater never finds a way to sustain a drama from these characters and their situation .
-LSB- Richard Linklater 's -RSB- obviously proud - perhaps guardedly so - of the camaraderie he shows us , without resorting to overt displays of patriotic `` heroism . '' It 's a portrait that will stay with you .
LAST FLAG FLYING is a graceful story and it is a fascinating way to talk about the war and how our vets are treated .
The best thing about Last Flag Flying is that Ethan Hawke is not in it . Otherwise , it 's business as usual , and the business is excruciating to get through .
-LSB- It -RSB- may sound comedy-resistant , but when run up the flagpole you may find yourself saluting .
The best Last Flag Flying can do is offer a subdued salute to a fallen veteran , and that 's better than nothing-but there 's a tremendous sense of greater potential wasted .
Last Flag Flying is a modest , bittersweet thing of beauty .
It 's a major film pitched just above a whisper .
Last Flag Flying is a low-key gem .
But this one 's not about war . It 's about the aftermath in three guys ' hearts .
There is a pleasingness to the predictability of the film , which stars Bryan Cranston , Steve Carell , and Laurence Fishburne as Vietnam veterans .
One of the best filmmakers of our time , Richard Linklater has done it again ; this extremely funny , deeply affecting dramedy about loss and regret is handled with genuine simplicity and sincerity .
The film follows a familiar template , but the wounds it traces are undeniable .
The haphazard nature of the production undercuts any major dramatic thrust to the point where it muddles whatever it is Linklater 's trying to achieve .
It 's a pleasure to watch Bryan Cranston , Steve Carell and Laurence Fishburne . Richard Linklater may be known for his vivid portraits of youth , but here he tackles an equally daunting subject with considerable success : manhood .
Flag is at its best when it 's just people sitting around gabbing .
It dips a few too many times to stand with the filmmaker 's best work , and a few asides into ` wacky old person behavior ' are regrettable , but this is another solid dramedy from one of our best working filmmakers .
This is n't one of Linklater 's storytelling experiments . This is a hang-out movie and - what 's more - a deeply heartfelt , American one .
Carell , Cranston and Fishburne , along with Johnson , are superb . They all reach within themselves to portray these characters with the truth and conviction demanded , warts et al. .
Linklater 's editing partner , Sandra Adair , calls the performances `` an embarrassment of riches '' -- 100 % correct about the lead players and their exquisite portrayals .
Yes , it 's a gloomy premise for a road-trip movie , but life-affirming , too . Like an Irish wake , the tone is somber , morbid and a funny .
Last Flag Flying launches into denunciations of American foreign policy that are ill-advised , whether or not you agree with them , because they 're ill-dramatized .
This antic , heartfelt dramedy about the many wounds of war handily shows off the director 's abiding delight in illuminating character through banter ; it simultaneously beams a light into critical American moments past and present .
Last Flag Flying is at its strongest when it sheds the shackles of its admittedly worthy central themes .
Whether the film works for you largely depends on how much you can tolerate these three characters bouncing off one another for two hours .
Last Flag Flying is a treacly slog that 's regretfully forgettable .
Last Flag Flying sounds like the world 's bleakest road trip buddy movie . And yes , it 's as heartbreaking as you might guess .
`` Last Flag Flying '' is n't great -- a concept like greatness is too highfalutin for a film so bone-dry modest -- but its scruffy integrity digs at you , wo n't let you quite dismiss it .
By the time circumstances work out to directly parallel a scene from earlier in the movie , it 's too easy and pat a way to show growth . Work for growth . Make us see it in the characters ' organic actions .
Even if `` Last Flag Flying '' is n't quite persuasive , it is nonetheless enormously thought-provoking , and its roughness is a sign of how earnestly it grapples with matters that other movies about war prefer not to think about .
It 's a sharp critique of American bluster , but also a sincere and funny valentine to everyday American life .
Richard Linklater 's intimate drama about three old friends and military funeral gives the A-list trio of Cranston , Carell and Fishburne a chance to shine .
Despite its flaws , the film gathers an honest force as it burrows deeper into its characters .
An oddity of a war film , in that it attempts to be both anti-war and pro-soldier in the same breath , but it balances that bizarre burden admirably even if it spends the rest of its time meandering .
Quality-seeking recruits also out for old-fashioned movie entertainment will get in line .
It 's somber and respectful , and even has a couple of genuinely powerful moments , but none of that 's enough to transcend its oppressive dreariness .
Some stories need not be told again .
It 's especially timely given the recent fervor over the treatment of gold star families to have Linklater 's film bring that discussion into sharper focus .
Frequently funny but with an undercurrent of raw sadness , Last Flag Flying reminds again just how great a filmmaker Linklater is , and shows that he has an exciting career ahead documenting the years beyond the joys of youth .
This has its moments , but it ends , like its characters , in sentimental confusion .
Linklater has served up another classic .
Last Flag Flying is far below the quality that Linklater is capable of .
Last Flag Flying is a forgettable effort from a filmmaker capable of far greater things .
It 's impossible to resist the outcome when Steve Carell , Bryan Cranston , and Laurence Fishburne drink , philosophically reminisce about life and well , talk dirty in a solemn package .
Director Richard Linklater 's `` sequel '' is n't really a direct follow-up , so much as its meant to drive Ashby 's timeless themes , and its core soul , forward to a new era
With his hands on the pulse of blue-collar people , Richard Linklater leads the film to satisfying conclusions and brings the best out in the cast .
While not rivalling Linklater 's phenomenal bests , Last Flag Flying is superbly acted and punctuated with an abundance of warm , comical , touching moments .
On paper , it 's a timely and enticing prospect . Yet it 's not the impactful film it could have been .
... a film about the conflict at the heart of American patriotism .
Every punch in Last Flag Flying is blandly pulled in place of platitudes about patriotism and the honour to serve one 's country .
Last Flag Flying is a pleasant watch as a whole , yet it does n't quite delve as deep as it could , and ultimately feels somewhat forgettable as a result .
Though Larry , Sal and Mueller are n't always the wisest of men , Linklater 's Christmas-set film about family and responsibility acts as a sincere reflection on the futility of war , with the characters discussing provocative issues in a frank manner .
Doc is too often forced to the periphery by the histrionics of Sal and Mueller , yet the proceedings are so rigidly rooted in his pathos that character-defining moments come across as contrived .
Richard Linklater 's latest avoids the propagandistic traps that doom so many other recent left-wing war films by evincing real respect for the troops .
Last Flag Flying is a film that revels in its ambiguities , which extend to its genre-hopping : it 's at once a war movie set on the home front , a road movie , and a comedy-drama .
The weave of somber introspection , rueful reminiscence , irreverent comedy and sociopolitical commentary feels effortful , placing the movie among the less memorable entries in Linklater 's canon .
Last Flag Flying is a comedy with a lower case `` c , '' so if you 're expecting a lot of big laughs from this story about a man mourning the death of his son , you should probably adjust your expectations .
With electrifying works in `` Foxcatcher '' and `` Battle of the Sexes , '' Carell may have brought his most tender and precious performance yet . Similar to what we saw Bruce Dern achieve in Alexander Payne 's `` Nebraska , '' Carell does so much with so little words .
Led by performances that channel , rather than imitate , their predecessors , Last Flag Flying embeds itself in the prickly emotions that come from facing one 's own mortality , grief , regret and military service .
Four powerhouse performances can not quite make Richard Linklater 's occasionally moving dramedy , Last Flag Flying , into more than a minor war movie .
With its simplicity of purpose , and a renewed camaraderie between its protagonists , Last Flag Flying takes an emotional snapshot of military service in our time , and in that of all others .
Richard Linklater is one of the best directors going , and Last Flag Flying shows his talents in the full flower of their maturity .
The central reason that `` Last Flag Flying '' fails to take wing is that its characters do n't ring true . Not really . You never feel , in your bones , that you 're watching battle-scarred veterans .
The movie is so laden it 's hard to endure . But worth it .
Gloomy proposition finds a fresh tone in Richard Linklater 's hands , where angry , disillusioned people still manage to find room to laugh .
The story is thought-provoking and is n't afraid to ask big questions that will certainly spark conversation among those who see the film .
Every theme is overtly defined , every subject dissected until it dissolves . Conversations turn into speeches ; references are hit hard .
Much as he did with Bernie and Before Midnight , Linklater shows a rousing ability to find humor in dark subject matter ,
It 's a film of disappointing anonymity , a half-baked TV movie masquerading as Oscarbait , a curious misstep for the Oscar-nominated indie auteur .
In its deeply affecting final moments , where Linklater beautiful folds the movie 's threads and themes , `` Last Flag Flying '' coalesces into a poignant portrait of honor , the bonds of brotherhood and coming to terms with mortality .
The film is colored by how time reshapes our sense of self , embracing some memories while occluding others , and it ingeniously folds us into a similar state of reflection and uncertainty about previous eras of false optimism about national values .
Last Flag Flying is a road trip movie ... -LSB- and -RSB- gives a wonderful platform for Carell and Fishburne and Cranston .

@highlight

Last Flag Flying balances raw drama against refreshing moments of humor in an impeccably cast film that wrestles with questions of patriotism , family , and grief .