Writer Gustin Nash and director Jon Poll have their Ferris Bueller thing working perfectly , with a few 2008 wrinkles .
There are sweet moments , and there are funny moments , but it all just becomes so eye-rollingly calculated that it 's hard to appreciate .
` It is our duty as teenagers to piss off our parents , ' Charlie says . The film succeeds only in pissing off the viewer .
The promising themes peter out as the film loses direction , though , and Bartlett is neither sympathetic enough to root for nor dumb enough to laugh at .
Charlie Bartlett plays it too safe .
Lightweight fare , but a pleasant outing .
Charlie Bartlett is a poor man 's Rushmore . There is a great film waiting to be made about psychiatry , anti-depressants and our youth , but this is n't it .
Mostly this was a quirky , smart , inspiring , and surprisingly enjoyable High School movie .
Robert Downey Jr. playing an alcoholic principal lecturing on the dangers of drugs is one of those wonderfully ironic , Twilight Zone moments that only Hollywood can provide .
Charlie Bartlett is the Ferris Bueller of our drug addled age . Except he 's not a fraction of the charmer ol' Ferris was .
The movie is extremely hilarious , yet very serious and emotional at the same time .
There are plenty of good qualities in Charlie ; it just needed to apply itself a little more .
Hugely entertaining high school drama with a delightfully offbeat script and terrific performances from a superb cast .
Charlie Bartlett is not terrible - but in the crowded market of teen comedies , you need to work a whole lot harder to be top of the class , or even to sit at the back with the cool kids .
-LSB- F -RSB- eels like little more than an amalgam of great moments from the John Hughes oeuvre as well as from Thumbsucker , Pump Up the Volume and Over the Edge , among others .
Juno 's dorkier , needier cousin , the one who 's watched Ferris Bueller 's Day Off too many times .
Even in the canon of high school flicks , Charlie Bartlett seems slight , but like its wide-eyed protagonist , it ultimately wins you over on the strength of its puppy-dog appeal .
Not quite in the elite company of high school comedy classics like `` Ferris Bueller 's Day Off '' and `` Election , '' but it is close .
-LRB- O -RRB- ther than the reprehensible glorification of teenage sexual promiscuity , this is a meaningless , forgettable film that is relatively entertaining ...
Bartlett would make a decent sitcom character , and the uneven film plays out accordingly .
... all the fawning and sucking-up to bored and disgruntled teenagers ... ca n't make Charlie anything but a sleazy , pill-pushing sociopath .
Like Charlie 's classmates , you 'll likely be skeptical when the film introduces itself -- and then surprised when you 're won over by its small charms .
... one of the most effective high-school comedies to come around in quite some time ...
Quirky , provocative and insightful , the slightly overlong but thoroughly enjoyable Charlie Bartlett is a comic gem .
Charlie Bartlett represents a new sincerity ... The teens in this comedy are jaded , but not cynical : They 've seen too much and want to create a whole different view .
Parts of Charlie Bartlett are enjoyable , especially Robert Downey Jr. 's performance as a high-school principal who hates his life .
A Harold and Maude for the Ritalin generation . The only problem is Charlie Bartlett lacks the broader -- more subversive -- range of Harold and Maude .
Enough with the teenage coming-of-age movies , already ! And this one is particularly offensive .
Warning to parents of teenagers : keep your kids away from ` Charlie Bartlett ' .
Even though there 's some smart stuff in Charlie Bartlett , there 's a lot more dumb stuff that keeps the worthy elements from aligning .
You might think you 've met someone like `` Charlie Bartlett '' before . The fact is , if you 've seen many movies , you have .
Like its main character , Charlie Bartlett tries so hard to win us over that it practically bursts a celluloid vein in the process ... Yet you ca n't deny that they both have impressive energy .
Charlie Bartlett begins as somewhat of a typical coming-of-age teen comedy , but by the second act it had me thinking it 's an original idea with adult appeal .
The first two acts are the prescription for what 's wrong in the third .
Charlie could be a Ferris Bueller type but he 's too confrontational . Ferris never got anyone else in trouble.Rooney did it to himself , but Ferris would n't hurt anyone . Maybe it 's more like a Pump Up the Volume for the medicated generation .
While Charlie Bartlett 's spitting in the face of authority may thrill disenchanted teens , its obnoxiousness and phoniness is enough to make me feel like an old man yelling at kids to get off my lawn .
Charlie 's more unsavory activities spring from the same source tapped in Rock 'n' Roll High School by Clint Howard 's Eaglebauer character .
Director Jon Poll lends a deft hand with his mostly youthful cast and pushes the tale to its satisfying , though routine , conclusion .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Jon Poll ... has trouble transitioning from humor to seriousness - and ends up mocking characters who need our sympathy the most .
The movie as a whole is a sweet pill to swallow .
Charlie Bartlett is a refreshingly entertaining character study that refuses to dumb down its youthful cast or bury their concerns in service of a catchy soundtrack .
The film feels derivative but always heartfelt , and never sacrifices an honest moment for a cheap gag .
The characters remain halfway between genuine comic creations and realistic individuals , and the whole narrative feels artificial , stuck in the tension between being a morality play and a freewheeling comedy .
Funny and character-driven , Charlie Bartlett has a hero who 's very Ferris Bueller-esque , a heroine who 's very Ringwaldish , an acid-tinged sense of humor and a Hughes-like faith that everything will work out for unconventional people .
Thankfully , the film is rated R , which should theoretically bar it from most of its intended high school audience .
Those waiting for the arrival of the next Juno may want to skip Charlie Bartlett , a relentlessly earnest teen film about a 17-year-old misfit who 's been tossed out of one prep school after another for bad behavior .
The movie is unevenly directed , with stiffly mounted scenes and tonal shifts between offhand comedy and ham-fisted drama .
Imagine an R-rated Ferris Bueller with only the most annoying parts of the younger Matthew Broderick 's screen persona emphasized and you 'll draw a bead on Bartlett .
Charlie Bartlett desperately wants to be the next link in a chain of smart , subversive , fun teen-rebellion movies from Ferris Bueller 's Day Off to Juno . But it never develops its own identity enough to stake that claim .
Watching Charlie Bartlett only makes Wes Anderson 's work seem more accomplished by comparison , because it underscores that thin line separating the agreeably fanciful from the overbearingly precious .
A comedy that strains so hard to be edgy it nearly pulls a muscle .
Two decades after Ferris Bueller , a new smarty-pants seeks popularity in Charlie Bartlett .
Charlie Bartlett starts to get a bit preachy as it works its way toward a climax heavily influenced by Rushmore , but it 's still well above average for this type of film .
For all its sympathy toward adolescent angst , it turns out that Charlie Bartlett is really about reassuring and reinforcing worried adults .
While there are a few goofy moments , it turns much too serious about midway through and loses a lot of the initial good will as a result .
It 's risky business championing an adolescent protagonist who thrives on the illicit . But the appointments Charlie holds in the men 's room make an argument most can get behind .
Yelchin gives Charlie a fresh-faced naiveté that raises the question : Is he a do-gooder or a villain ? And do you care ?
A rebellious teen comedy that is n't as good or as radical as Pump Up the Volume , but still feels like a shot in the arm and is full of irreverent energy .
An exuberant , unexpectedly smart comedy about the fraught give-and-take between kids and grown-ups .
Seeing itself as a Ferris Bueller 's Day Off for the 21st century , Charlie Bartlett the film is instead a testimony to how low we as a culture can stoop .
The film feels like an old person 's notion of how young people live .
Tart , smart and fun .
Charlie Bartlett is an often-laugh-out-loud-funny comedy that takes aim at privileged WASP culture and the public school system with equal fervor .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Poll never picks a tone to stick with , so the movie is neither quite naturalistic nor stylized enough , and Charlie 's character vacillates between charming-soulful and creepy-weird .
The movie is all over the map in tone , and though Downey brings obvious empathy to his alcoholic character , his adversarial relationship with Charlie feels fake and forced . Bueller vs. Rooney was more believably bruising , not to mention much funnier .
There are great swaths of plot in Charlie Bartlett that seem unlikely . And yet , there 's a likability to the character and a fair bit of thought to the premise and execution that make it one of the better teen movies in recent years .
Like the teenagers in it , Charlie Bartlett is a movie in search of an identity , wondering just what sort of high-school flick it wants to be when it grows up .
Charlie Bartlett may not be a great movie , but it does serve as a splendid introduction to a supremely promising talent .
Tone is everything in a movie like this , and director John Poll spends the entire running time trying to find it .
Although much of the film is exaggerated for satirical purposes , somehow , in the eye of the farcical storm , a compelling story gets told .
The soft and derivative script by newcomer Gustin Nash and the lax direction by editor-turned-first-time-director Poll lend the film about as much kick as a placebo .
Anton Yelchin gives a performance here that 's way beyond his years .
... in casting Anton Yelchin in the title role they 've hit a home run .
Smug , painfully unoriginal and about as hip and edgy as a trip to Sears .
Almost everything in Charlie Bartlett is based on successful teen comedy formulas of the '70s , '80s and '90s .
There 's lots to like .
Honors the neuroses of high school while also holding out the hope every teen needs ...
Once you remove the layer of imitations , nothing much remains .
`` Ferris Bueller '' for the new millennium . It 's a bit more jaded , and the problems are a bit more serious , but Charlie is such a cheerful dude that it 's hard not to get caught up in his adventure .
Should have been a comedy all the way through ... It 's like we have been enjoying a delicious ice cream sundae , only to find broccoli at the bottom of the bowl . ''
further proof that Ferris Bueller is dead
A non-flashy but uncommonly savvy film about teenage life that one can only hope finds its rightful audience .
In the end , the big message of Charlie Bartlett was said better and more succinctly in an R.E.M. song . Everybody Hurts .
The film 's message about the way that listening and being listened to are essential and life-changing is honest and touching . But it runs out of ideas and the conclusion feels rushed . Like the main character , the film should have had more faith in itself .
I 'm going to be really f ****** depressed if Charlie Bartlett is n't the worst , most irresponsible movie I see this year .
Clouded execution and miscasting neuters the intended objective the film has to brand the character a clear-thinking leader of the pack . Charlie Bartlett is not a hero ; he deserves a spanking .
Smarter , deeper , and funnier than most teen-oriented comedies .
Made palatable by its good-natured eagerness to entertain even if its simultaneous desire to teach does n't quite come off .
Charlie Bartlett is rated R but is perfect , even salutary for young teens and older tweens . It 's sincere , unabashedly positive , smart and funny -- a supernaturally rare combination .
It feels like a teen movie hijacked by guidance counselors -- an after-school special in wolf 's clothing .
Charlie Bartlett asks audiences to believe that its protagonist is so sheltered that he has no clue how bizarre his precious , overly mannered behavior looks to his peers .
This high school dramedy feels strangely earthbound , despite an articulate script and an engaging cast .
Certainly more fun than Michael Clayton , but Ferris Bueller this is n't .
Not surprisingly we learn that parents need to listen more often to what their kids are saying . What Charlie really needs is a scriptwriter who 's forceful and creative enough to break new ground .
Like its anodyne hero , Charlie Bartlett wants to make mischief , but it wants even more to get a gold star .
Though Bartlett occasionally misfires , the trips and stumbles are made nearly irrelevant by the rampant innovativeness and ingenuity at hand .
Mediocre writers ignore reality , opting for clumsy wish fulfillment and hoping we wo n't notice they make no sense . Sadly , Charlie Bartlett is an example of that school of non-thought .
Its not money , good looks , or grades that make someone popular in high school . It 's selling prescription drugs .
It overdoes the quirkiness and underdoes the character development , but , in the end , it 's salvaged by a remarkable performance by Robert Downey Jr. , who hardly ever gives any other kind .
Let 's get back to movies that make us laugh about teenage sex -- somehow they seem a lot healthier .
22 years after Ferris Bueller 's Day Off -- the definitive Gen X high school movie -- comes the next great , generation-defining high-school hero ...
It 's not much of a movie , but it is an impressive calling card for the young star .
What more could one ask of a nostalgia trip ?
-LSB- Sitting through -RSB- Charlie Bartlett makes you feel as if you 've just watched three episodes of a new TV series you ca n't wait to see more of -- one that 's so funny and smart and unpredictable , it would probably only survive one season on the air .
Appropriating many of the rebel responsibilities of Ferris Bueller and Rushmore 's Max Fischer but little of their fresh charms , the title teen iconoclast of this antic yet bland comedy is showily updated for our psychotropic age .
In this era of the slick , soundtrack-propelled high-school movie , it 's refreshing to see one that tries to chew too much .
I salute the inventiveness , imagination and cockeyed teenage humor in a delightful new movie called Charlie Bartlett . It picks up where Juno left off .
It 's like Ferris Bueller 's Day Off by way of The Virgin Suicides , and believe me when I tell you the two absolutely do not mix .
Charlie Bartlett is a teen movie that only wants approval from adults .
A lightweight outing heavy on convention .
I would classify Charlie Bartlett as a smart teen film . It 's more ambitious and overall more successful than its '80s forebears even though the resemblance is unmistakable .
The movie is performed so well that you come away thinking that high school years are both the worst time of one 's life and the most joyful .
Poll and screenwriter Gustin Nash may be paying homage , here , but they also bring to the table a comparable depth of thought and characterization .
Neither feels authentically like high school nor decides on an appropriate tone .
Confused , heavy-handed and sappy , this is a teen satire without teeth , plagued by bizarre story choices and ironically robust earnestness , resulting in a comedy with only few glancing blows on its intended targets .
If you give in to the charms of Charlie Bartlett , he will no doubt win you over . This is after all Anton Yelchin 's show , and it 's a doozie
A stimulating character study composed in the rarified air of satiric , good humor that takes off with side doses of social relevancy .
Cast and crew maintain an engagingly snarky tone throughout the film , with raucous dialog and a gleeful willingness to crush teen movie stereotypes .
... while the movie 's not as radical as it seems to think it is , it does keep you guessing how it will all resolve .
Here 's a film that carries a heavy message about the mis-use of prescription medication amongst today 's teens , but does so in a very clever -LRB- and fun -RRB- way .
Yelchin delivers one of those performances that pop eyes .
A wonderful iteration of the adolescent coming-of-age movie .
A feeble entry into the teen-movie lexicon .
Rollicking story of a rich kid whose wildly successful bid for popularity has him playing drug-distributing shrink to an entire high school boasts pitch-perfect faceoffs between Anton Yelchin and Robert Downey Jr. could fuel a chemistry lab .
A surprisingly strong addition to the high school comedy genre with more rounded characters and realistic situations than one normally gets .







@highlight

With engaging performances marked by an inconsistent tone , Charlie Bartlett is a mixed bag of clever teen angst comedy and muddled storytelling .