A smart , inventive tale ... It 's one of the best science-fiction films in ages .
Big Hero 6 is freaking fun . It 's basically the Avengers or Guardians of the Galaxy , but without all the dirty stuff .
One of the few recent blockbusters of which I really expect a sequel . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Big Hero 6 advances lightly , but it is not superficial . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Hiro teaches Baymax something as basic as a fist bump , and it winds up being one of the most heartwarmingly hilarious scenes all year
Big Hero 6 is still a fun , family-friendly option for a variety of filmgoers , but sadly , its strong opening suggests the finished product could have been better .
Big Hero 6 is clever , sweet and intensely likable , much like its band of heroes . I walked out of the theater happy and energized , and if the young families in my screening were any indication , just like a kid .
A tremendously entertaining film that returns hope to the collective fear that Disney caused when taking ownership of big , huge , science fiction consortiums and comics . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The latest cartoon from Disney is a hectic adventure movie for action-lovers . See review , in this section .
What you might not have heard before is the way this film laces that basic story with beautiful themes that push back against some of the assumptions of the genre .
Big Hero 6 is still a boy 's own wonder . Baymax is the best movie robot in years .
`` Big Hero 6 '' is a mish-mash of mixed messages , from its `` compassion over violence , through violence '' finale to its clumsily appropriated Japanese stylistic flourishes .
To say Big Hero 6 is the toddler version of Avengers is inaccurate because that implies it 's unworthy of adults ' time . Disney 's newest is actually one of its most inclusive .
The action is slick and ingenious and although the finale follows the big , bigger , BIGGEST theory of set pieces to become a bit overblown , this is still a lot of fun .
Big Hero 6 , in its final stretch , becomes an almost interminable experience .
A superhero tale that feels fresh and new ...
Touching and amusing .
Big Hero 6 also provides many moments of genuine sweetness .
Big Hero 6 fails to make that special emotional connect with the audience but definitely does n't lose out on the ` fun ' quotient .
The `` boy and his dog '' relationship between Baymax and Hiro becomes an emotional nexus that 's part E.T. and part Johnny Sokko & his Giant Robot .
It 's as if Disney has taken some very traditional ingredients and blended them to come up with a new flavour entirely .
A cute , entertaining tale of a hapless robot who must mend the broken heart of a young boy whose life takes a depressing turn .
A new concept in fictional robots and a cartoon that goes beyond clever is a masterpiece of originality , big hug sweetness and one of the year 's best surprises .
It 's at its most poignant and engaging when it comes to family matters , but loses points on the superheroics front .
`` Big Hero 6 ″ is the perfect babysitter for your kids . But , animation should offer something to the adults as well . Let 's find more original stories and even get experimental , folks . `` Big Hero 6 ″ is nothing we have n't seen before .
Big Hero 6 is an exciting , action-packed adventure with plenty of heart that both kids and adults alike will find entertaining .
The film deals in a subtle and moving way with grief and teenage anxiety while serving up all the thrills of a big-budget animated movie with superhero protagonists .
Looking like a walking marshmallow and moving with a dainty waddle , loveable robot Baymax ... gives the film its heart and humour .
An origins story ripe with innocence and loss , this anime-inflected treat harks back to Disney 's big-hearted heritage even as it looks forward towards new worlds of innovation .
A highly enjoyable first instalment of a franchise that like it 's synthetic hero , may have sturdy , chubby legs .
Disney mines the Marvel Comics back catalogue for its latest animation Big Hero 6 , a delightfully entertaining East/West genre blend that 's a neat addition to the ever-expanding superhero genre .
For all its whizzy sophistication , there 's something sweetly old-fashioned about Big Hero 6 that should engage parents as much as it delights their offspring .
It makes for an entertaining spectacle , though less interesting than the one we started out with .
The Scooby-Doo-ish central plot is forgivable in a movie with so much visual verve , energetic action and a character so wondrously designed as Baymax .
Disney has swallowed up both Pixar and Marvel and this uneven animation feels like the resulting belch .
An invigorating , frequently hilarious piece of pop cinema that has a palpable heartbeat even amid its more archetypal beats .
Joyous and exhilarating . A fresh and funny animated adventure that subverts genre clichés at every turn .
This film is vying to appeal to a certain audience , and it 's likely that both children and teenagers will adhere to this animation tremendously .
The ultimate message of staying true to oneself may be familiar , but the emotional journey is raw and real .
The sweet , witty main pairing focuses a potentially busy , derivative super-group tale .
As exhausting as it is exhilarating , Big Hero 6 feels like an animation in step with an ever-changing world .
The pudgy robot Baymax steals the show .
This anime-flavoured Disney sci-fi lark is an absolute delight , a near-perfect family entertainment .
Big Hero 6 is one of the best animated features to hit the big screen in some time . Forget Frozen . In fact , just Let It Go completely . This is a stunning triumph .
Big Hero 6 is just another loud action flick for the kids .
On the high-quality scale set by the Disney animated features in their latest Renaissance , this one does n't quite measure up . But Big Hero 6 is sure to entertain millions of smart kids and their escort parents .
It 's not as lovely as Pixar 's best , or remotely as complex in its storytelling , but it makes for a refreshingly simple intro course on modern superhero-movie tropes .
Parts of the narrative are unavoidably clunky , but the film has humour and heart .
Big Hero 6 manages to be so much fun that it 's easy to forget that it 's yet another superhero origins story .
Baymax is one of those characters who can basically do no wrong . Every sequence he 's part of is automatically funnier just because he 's onscreen .
Temper your expectations and focus on the movie 's good qualities , and Big Hero 6 could be super fun .
Kids will leave the theater wanting their own Baymax , and who can blame them ? It 's the rest of the `` Heroes '' that do n't measure up ; the robot full of air is the most real thing in the movie .
It 's easier to like this movie because of the casual , low stakes of the enterprise .
Directors Don Hall and Chris Williams find new angles on the required action beats , playing up the human relationships and having fun with Baymax 's logical , single-minded nature .
Disney Animation 's summer release is a futuristic sight for sore eyes , a Pixar-esque tale of a young robotics genius and his heartfelt bond with one of his automated creations .
It 's colorful and fun , a good , but not great Disney cartoon .
That visual exuberance underscores its heroes ' enthusiasm , and even when Baymax steals the show , it 's hard to deny he 's a charmingly squishy center .
Excess leads to excitement , and exhilaration , and entertainment .
It might be too much to expect Big Hero 6 to have the staying power of Frozen without the support of that film 's powerful soundtrack , but it 's still a highly enjoyable adventure in its own right .
Big Hero 6 , the first Marvel comic book to get a Walt Disney makeover , is a beguiling kids movie . It is also a beauty to behold for its skillful digital animation in 3D .
The team behind Big Hero 6 clearly have good intentions , as well as being the smoothest operators around .
The road to that realization makes for a super-fun path , especially with the Baymax character , who constantly issues health updates and who works to adapt to teen expressions and figures of speech .
The important thing is that San Fransokyo is everything San Francisco should be .
You 'll believe unadulterated tweener dreams can fly .
Bright and flashy , with enough energy to keep the audience entertained , this animated action-adventure movie is far too formulaic to become a classic .
Big Hero 6 has style , humour and a big , squishy heart .
Introducing Baymax : the most loveable , huggable character in film history .
... amusing for a while , but ultimately does n't have much narrative substance beneath the spectacle , opening a wound that even Baymax ca n't heal .
By the time Hiro and Baymax summon some genuine emotion , ` Big Hero 6 's ' 93 minutes are all but finished .
`` Big Hero 6 '' is both a Disney cartoon and a Marvel superhero epic - though not enough of either one to be as dynamic as , say , `` Frozen '' or `` Guardians of the Galaxy . ''
There is much more to this film than hyper-powered individuals belting seven shades of snot out of each other . At its heart , it 's a story about grief and loss .
This is n't a simple superhero story ; this is a story about grief , disguised in a superhero costume .
The characters are also a mash-up of East and West , promoting strong moral values in the fight of good versus evil . Like me , you will fall in love with this giant walking marshmallow - between laughs , thrills and saving the world
A big , gorgeous , consistently funny and touching animated adventure .
Do we celebrate its strides toward cultural diversity , or cringe at the christening of its setting as ` San Fransokyo ' , a hybrid Japanese-American town where everyone looks only a little foreign ?
A lively and creative animated film about a robot with heart , empathy , compassion , and gentleness .
If the plot and colorful teen heroes are familiar , the setting -- the near-future metropolis of San Fransokyo -LRB- imagine a benign ` Blade Runner ' -RRB- -- is intriguing , and the animation -- as always these days -- is dazzling .
Speedy and stunning enough in its crystalline computer-animation , and then there 's almost always Baymax 's comic look or flatly inquiring voice . The super-team shtick and `` cool ! '' - ness of technology are stated over and over , but aerial sequences take off .
... awfully weaponized for a movie that 's ostensibly about mercy and caregiving .
Bouncy and beguiling , it 's family fare that values brains over brawn .
An animated film that really is n't a movie for kids . There is enough humor in it aimed at kids to get a few laughs from younger kids , but most of it is aimed at older kids and adults .
Dull , derivative and dumbfoundingly violent .
Big Hero 6 , based on the comic book series of the same name lacks personality , a heartfelt story or even decent laughs . It 's not a terrible movie by any means , but neither is it very good . It 's just kind of there .
For all its impeccable craft , it 's unusually flavorless .
Quite amusing , and honestly endearing .
I 'm basically exhausted with super hero shenanigans , whether its live action or animated .
Will leave you completely satisfied with its service .
The thrill of Big Hero 6 does n't lie in guessing what comes next , it comes from being in the moment with great characters in a cool setting full of surprising details .
A roller-coaster of a futuristic action movie , ` Big Hero 6 ' is perfect family fare to play opposite the more grownups-oriented ` Interstellar . '
A wildly entertaining animated adventure that successfully adapts the Marvel tradition to animation .
It 's sort of refreshing to see a movie as unabashedly optimistic about our future as Big Hero 6 .
Overflowing with visual invention and genuine sentiments .
Here is a movie so brilliantly realized and exciting that its final act deserves far more than the traditional outlook of more recent studio cartoons .
With this film , Disney expresses a willingness to test new waters in a genre flirting with stagnation .
This does n't top Pixar 's The Incredibles , but doggoned it if it does n't come close .
Big Hero 6 offers something for everyone : action , camaraderie , superheroes and villains . But mostly , Baymax offers a compassionate and healing voice for those suffering , and a hug that can be felt through the screen .
Awesome origin story is action-packed , deals with grief .
Big Hero 6 celebrates nerd culture . And not merely the pop-culture - obsessed version -LRB- comic books -RRB- but the let 's - invent-something-cool kind . Hey , kids , this PG flick asserts , it 's good be taken with technology , crushed out on code , wowed by chemistry .
Big Hero 6 combines Disney wonder and charm with Marvel awe and action to deliver a film that exhibits the best of both studios .
Big Hero 6 does n't set new animation standards , though it 's easy to get lost gawking at the lively , colorful pastiche of sci-fi futures in San Fransokyo .
It 's a tale that floats , but only after sinking to the depths of a young psyche , as well as lowest-common-denominator action sequences , before popping up to the surface of a happy ending .
Big Hero 6 is a playful movie that stands out from other Disney fare due to its willingness to indulge in some offbeat comedic turns .
The breakthrough star of the season is here . His name is Baymax and he 's impossible not to love . The 3-D animated Big Hero 6 would be a ton less fun without this irresistible blob of roly-poly , robot charisma .
More Pixar than Disney and gloriously so .
` Big Hero 6 ' ... a unique blending of savvy Disney storytelling , cutting-edge action and eye-fulfilling scenery .
I do plead guilty to wanting to make a lot of children 's products my own -LRB- toys , comics and such -RRB- . But this one is for them , and I 'm just a welcome visitor in that world who should n't think too hard about it .
A shameless crowdpleaser , big on heart , laughs and action .
Big Hero 6 's considerable graces as an animated film-its fantastical layouts and bouncy sense of figure and motion-are offset by its deficiencies as a second-rate superhero flick .
At times , Big Hero 6 gets a little too noisy for its own good , but that never manages to drown out its many quieter charms .
Come for the charming Baymax ... but stay for the film 's embrace of very 21st century cultural values .
Big Hero 6 qualifies as a better-than-average kids ' movie with enough cross-generational appeal to make it a fine choice for a family weekend matinee .
It 's more emotionally sophisticated , dealing with themes of grief and finding your place in the world that are more grounded than the high-flying adventures they 're surrounded by would have you expect .
This is a delightful and original film for the first half and a sad imitation of a bad Scooby Doo episode the second . Delightful and original wins out and this is worth it .
`` Big Hero 6 '' does everything you 'd expect from an animated adventure designed for families : It 's big and funny and friendly and cute and exciting , and at the end it makes you cry .
Big Hero 6 is nothing if not fun , a fast-paced fanboy fable that benefits greatly from a Pixar-informed blend of artistry and humor .
Consider it a more family-friendly Guardians of the Galaxy , with the added kiddie appeal of a big , inflatable windbag to laugh at and love .
The San Fransokyo cityscape and huggable Baymax are more than enough to differentiate this film from usual fare .
It 's built to amaze , and amaze it does . It 'd take some 10 viewings to unravel the knockout action scenes and properly enjoy its fantasy city of San Fransokyo .
More Baymax , please
Gorgeous and disturbing , Big Hero 6 is a departure for Disney : a film targeted at older kids , and the studio 's first venture into straight-up comic book culture .
It 's shiny , colorful and entertaining , the sort of movie that will appeal to fans of animated films , superhero films and 3-D films ...
Although the film touches all the formula bases , its characters are strong , the thrills and laughs are doled out regularly and its emotional arc is tangible and true .
It 's fun , action-packed , and adorable .
Baymax remains a pleasingly naïve medical droid , but there 's still a lot of fighting and smashing for a movie with ostensibly smart protagonists .
My reaction is as mixed as the architecture in this film , and the disappointment is probably couched by what could have been a really interesting , elegant movie .
Fabulously entertaining , with colossal visuals and an endearing character in Baymax , who more than earns his lovable status .
A good primer for filmgoers who may be too young to see something like The Avengers .
a terrific film in its first half , where screenwriters ... have rejiggered the characters into a bunch of science and engineering geeks , but once its super hero aspects kick in , the film becomes derivative and tedious .
Have a few tissues on hand for the emotional parts . You 're gon na need 'em .
The material is well-trod , the story oft-told , and the characters familiar , but children do n't mind in the same way that they do n't mind hearing the same bedtime story every night .
Big Hero 6 works precisely because it seems so familiar , with just enough fresh spin so that it feels like something new rather than a rerun .
The humor and especially the charm are slowly but surely drained from the proceedings , and in their place , Big Hero 6 supplies only routine and formula .
It has more heart , more fun , and more laughs than most of the last dozen live-action superhero flicks .
Filled with engaging characters and imaginative touches .
Hiro and Baymax are characters in the best tradition of Elliott and ET and Hogarth and the Iron Giant .
A beautiful companion piece to `` Frozen , '' this film will delight and entertain audiences despite some of its heavier themes .
An infectiously entertaining mash-up of sorts that 's fun , funny and filled with plenty of action , not to mention some heapings of heart . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents Also Available -RRB-
Pow , pow , kaboom , cuddle . ...
Big Hero 6 finds the studio summoning up a fresh combination of action and whimsy . It 's swift , inventive , antic , and ardent , with virtuoso comic choreography and split-second slapstick timing .
The screenplay is smart enough to be considered adult-friendly . This is n't `` classic Disney '' but it 's an experience parents and children can enjoy together in the dark , and sometimes that 's all one can ask of a big-budget animated film .
What Big Hero 6 lacks in originality , it makes up for in charm .
Big Hero 6 accomplishes its goal of entertaining those young enough not to notice how dispiritingly familiar it is as both an animated and superhero movie .
It 's a bonus that these are not only interesting characters because of the physical aspects of their new found powers , but they are also smart . It 's not often when the central figures of this kind of action-heavy story are the smartest people in the room .
An exciting and sometimes funny commercial for what will surely be a delightful action figure , available in three iterations : original plushie , Samurai battle mode , and full robot warrior .
The convoluted story gives the villain a motive that does n't really make sense and is patched in too late in the narrative . Still , the 3-D animation is incredible .
A rousing movie that 's satisfyingly infused with traditional Disney sentiment , however calculated its aims might sound .
Before it ends in a frenzy of action that piles climax upon climax , it deals with subtler ideas than we get in the usual coming-of-age stories .
With its appealing array of nerdy characters , inventive architecture and striking cross-cultural production design , Hero is a vibrant romp .
A bright , visually sumptuous 3-D computer-animated feature that gives you a bit of an emotional workout .
visually engaging , solidly structured , offers up entertaining characters , and establishes the needs of the genre - the superhero film - without falling into the pitfalls facing the typical `` origin '' stories
A total delight from Disney Animation , Big Hero 6 will have you rooting for this ragtag team originally introduced in a little - known Marvel comic . But its the overgrown marshmallow named Baymax that will steal your heart .
You will believe a vinyl robot can fly . You might even fall in love with it .
Seems tailor-made for a likable yet forgettable animated TV series .
The real appeal of `` Big Hero 6 '' is n't its action . It 's the central character 's heart .
Aesthetically , a vision of pure , impeccable imagination . If `` Big Hero 6 '' concludes on a dishonest note , there is still no denying its successes as an entertainment of tender , witty accord . And it 's pretty . Really , really pretty .
Basically a genial , good-natured boys ' adventure , and if it stumbles somewhat in the second hour , when it becomes more derivative and action-oriented , it remains likable to the end .
This engrossing , uplifting movie never runs low on battery power .
Second-tier Disney/Marvel entertainment , fine for a day out with the children yet not enough , after the creative advances of Wreck-It Ralph and the emotional heft of Frozen . Unlike those comparable risks , this is built with a sequel squarely in mind .
The central appeal of the movie is its masterful visuals . It presents every image as a vibrant , complex , gorgeously lit phenomenon , handsomer than anything seen in daily life .
The visuals are splendid . Even close-ups of face and hair are something to marvel at .
Gets glitchy . To make engineers more awesome , the movie upgrades the gang into superheroes , which scrambles the message .
Unlike most Disney fables , there are n't any real morals or lessons to be learned here . This one is just pure , sheer fun .
There 's enough tried-and-true Disney sentiment here to counter the rampant antihumanism , and the futuristic settings look spectacular , but this left me feeling gross .
Voice actor Potter , still a teenager himself , lends Hiro an authentic youthfulness and likability . But Tadashi and Baymax are the standout characters .
We should be grateful for the inventions directors Don Hall and Chris Williams have brought to Big Hero 6 ; they 've given the comic its own identity for a mainstream audience who 's likely never heard of it .
Big Hero 6 is a colorful and fast-paced entertainment , easily watchable and easily forgotten , like a shiny new toy that is n't much fun to play with .
The storytelling is solid , propelled by characters that you come to care about . And that should make `` Big Hero 6 '' a big hit .
Disney plus Marvel plus Pixar 's John Lasseter equals an enjoyable jumble of kid-approved action .
Phase 1 of the Marvel Toons era is off to a very promising start .
It 's easily Disney 's best computer-animated film to date .
A sensitive discussion about coping with trauma and developing a support system ultimately becomes yet another loud story about how all kids totally want to be superheroes .
An action adventure that puts brain ahead of brawn as a valued commodity is always reason to celebrate . Add in the considerable heart that Baymax contributes -LRB- with elements borrowed from both `` WALL-E '' and `` Up '' -RRB- , and you have a winner .
There 's enough visual invention afoot , and enough spirited interplay among the human characters , to keep things bobbing along .
May be a bit too glib to reach the heights of The Incredibles or The Iron Giant , but if you ca n't have Brad Bird , this is pretty much the next best thing .
`` Big Hero 6 '' is a fine blend of sweetness and spectacle , East and West . The meeting of Disney and Marvel sensibilities , though , is a more mixed union .
Clever , colorful , fast on its feet , frequently very funny and sweet -LRB- but not excessively so -RRB- , `` Big Hero 6 '' mixes its myriad influences into a final product that , while in no way original , is immensely entertaining .
In a film world that 's quickly becoming oversaturated by superhero franchises , here 's hoping we have n't seen the last of the characters from `` Big Hero 6 . ''
The artistry of state-of-the-art commercial digital animation has become a foregone conclusion . Then again , it 's a kids ' film , and that audience will enjoy it .
Yes , Big Hero 6 , I am more than satisfied with my care .
Take my word for it , or better yet go find out for yourself : `` Big Hero 6 '' is a treat .
Disney Animation 's first foray into Marvel territory hits all the requisite beats of hardship and teamwork while playing in a more family-friendly key .
The film quickly becomes a study of grief and retribution , and the question of how exactly technology can and should be utilized in the treatment of these emotions .
The artists are challenging the big ticket live action superhero / comic book movies that occupy such an important place in contemporary popular culture , just as they challenged the fantasy films of George Lucas and Steven Spielberg three decades ago .
Hall and Williams have given us one of the rare family films that can fairly boast of having it all : humor , heart and huggability .
` Big Hero 6 '' is one of those Disney movies in which you can practically see the hot breath of the marketing guy condensed on the neck of the screenwriter .
Working through phrases in broken old-timey computer speak , -LSB- Baymax voice Scott Adsit -RSB- never raises his voice , committed to singlehandedly bringing a busy movie down to his non-speed .
The result is not terribly different from a lot of other recent animated fare , though there are agreeable standout elements .
Fueled by a knowing sense of humor and an eye for colorful spectacle , Big Hero 6 is fine , if sometimes too frenetic , family entertainment
A wildly imaginative action-comedy ... its computer animation is both whimsical and eye-popping , creating a fantastic world with startling photorealism .
It 's well-realized visually , of course - we even see the shadows that rain-streaked windows throw on walls - but everything and everyone feels dully mechanical .
Disney/Marvel anime with heart , action and sacrifice ? It works .
Despite the Marvel-style origin story , it 's derivative of better Brad Bird cartoons like The Iron Giant and The Incredibles .
Your kids will love it . And frankly , they should : Big Hero 6 is zippy , beautifully made , fraught with action and peril but never scary or bloody and features a vocal team of actors so smooth and polished it verges on the criminal .
A surprising step down from the filmmakers who brought us the magic of recent titles like Wreck-It Ralph and Frozen .
A film that has everything : laughs , gasps , tears , and cheers .
The story hits all the familiar origin beats : vengeance as a motivator , training , discovering one 's powers , and some stuff at the end you 'll recognize . It will be some kids ' first time ever seeing this though .
The relationship between Baymax and Hiro is hilarious and profound and joyful . Your heart will soar with them as they soar across Sanfransokyo , and you too might catch yourself wearing a disbelieving grin .
Tadashi 's school pals are an absolute blast to hang out with , and I frankly would have almost preferred a film about the Hiro , his brother , and the gang trying to win a science fair .
Provides a more kid friendly alternative to the glut of superhero movies currently haunting cinemas , yet does n't lose any of its dramatic power while being so .
The ace in the hole is Baymax , who scores big laughs and generates warmth and good will that ultimately proves more crucial to the film than it should have to be .
Baymax turns out to be a formidable weapon in this gorgeously realised tale of boy and ` bot , and the bond that develops between them .
Egregious soundtrack missteps aside , `` Big Hero 6 '' is truly glorious to look at and comprises a mostly beguiling mixture of genres , story strands and cultures , though it remains a mixture rather than a wholly seamless synthesis .
A melding of old and new modes of animation , in which the attentive artistry of the past coexists with the hyper-detailed , computer-generated present .
Sweet and sharp and exciting and hilarious , Big Hero 6 comes to the rescue of what 's become a dreaded movie trope - the origin story - and launches the superhero tale to pleasurable new heights .
East meets West to immensely satisfying effect in the vibrant mash-up of an animated romp , Big Hero 6 .
An animated comedy-adventure that cannily combines the emotion , humour and - courtesy of a cuddly inflatable robot - cuteness expected from Disney with a heavy dose of Marvel-style superhero action .
There 's enough that 's new and different about `` Big Hero 6 '' to get excited about , especially for those still too young for Marvel 's more intense live-action fare .

@highlight

Agreeably entertaining and brilliantly animated , Big Hero 6 is briskly-paced , action-packed , and often touching .