At least Pacino and Arkin will always have `` Glengarry Glen Ross . ''
The pace is too slack , the gags too tired and the plot too hackneyed for the film to be more than fitfully engaging for all but die-hard Pacino and Walken fans .
Thanks to Al Pacino , Christopher Walken , and Alan Arkin - mostly just for being charismatic old pros who are fun to hang out with - Stand Up Guys is watchable , occasionally amusing , not altogether insufferable .
A messy script is n't enough to undermine these clever veteran actors , who manage to make the most of the humour , drama and action without ever losing their dignity .
Stand Up Guys probably wo n't appeal to anyone whose father has n't got friends of pensionable age .
It 's depressing to see the likes of Pacino reduced to making erectile dysfunction jokes , more so when the film labours the gag by having him overdose on Viagra .
Viagra is consumed , erections wrestled , old scores settled - blah blah blah .
Even when Walken , Pacino , and Arkin are phoning it in - on a rotary phone - they still earn their status as icons .
There 's sharp dialogue and the odd , startling moment of emotional intimacy scattered amidst the dreck ; enough to make this a solidly entertaining couple of hours if you try resolutely not to think about it too hard .
Frankly , if you put Al Pacino , Christopher Walken and Alan Arkin in your movie , you do n't really need to worry about the script : we 'd happily watch them do just about anything on-screen .
Think what they might have achieved with better material .
An initially promising , increasingly glutinous buddy comedy that exploits and squanders the talents of its starry cast .
With a little bit of chutzpah and a fistful of Viagra , the tough guys of yesteryear can still come staggering back to make a decent movie .
A rewarding mash-up of Last of the Summer Wine and Goodfellas .
You 'd think that septuagenarians Al Pacino and Christopher Walken would still have enough self-respect left in the tank to steer clear of debacles like this .
All three acting legends bring the spice to a sub-par story . But , the total is not enough to keep this flick from stinking .
There 's much entertainment ... in watching a trio of great actors in the twilight of their careers , at work with a strong script .
Stand Up Guys is very much an old man 's film , but Stevens just about delivers the performances that its ageing audience demands .
It 's hardly great , but it 's refreshingly old school .
There 's something about Stand Up Guys that 's both brilliant and poignant .
... to watch Al Pacino overact with such a deficient script and lackluster directing is agony no moviegoer should be required to endure .
One of the tiredest movies ever associated with those three actors .
Stevens ' second feature proves unexpectedly thoughtful and affecting , thanks in large part to virtuoso interplay between its leads .
There are no real surprises and not a lot of drama in Stand Up Guys , but since the actors not delivering the goods are septuagenarians Christopher Walken , Al Pacino and Alan Arkin , you 're in for a show nonetheless .
Thematic inconsistencies abound as Stevens aims for a tone somewhere between Grumpy Old Men , The Hangover , and Goodfellas .
For a film about coming to terms with death , Stand Up Guys is funnier than you might expect , and never once sinks into sentimental treacle .
Throw in Alan Arkin and this would seem to be a promising premise , but the dialogue did n't click and the film just meanders through it 's one evening .
If it was n't for the talent on screen I may have been bored by this , but hey , you hired these guys for a reason , right ?
The film moves at a geriatric pace to match the age of the protagonists and the target audience .
Wobbly and contrived : given that cast , it could have and should have been so much better .
Some actors do n't need top-shelf material . Just the pleasure of their company is enough . And so Al Pacino , Christopher Walken and Alan Arkin turn the insubstantial Stand Up Guys into solid entertainment .
There 's not much to the story beyond its thin conceit , so the filmmaker relies on his stars ' charms . Even when it comes to Oscar winners , that approach only gets you so far .
It 's just fun to watch Pacino , Walken and Arkin work together , very much enjoying the shared experience . Seeing Stand Up Guys is an offer you could easily refuse , but hey , why fight it ?
Predictability in a film is a major offense , but the real crime in `` Stand Up Guys '' is the squandering of the talented cast assembled .
It 's Walken 's deadpan style vs. Pacino 's bombastic , loud , often obnoxious behavior , but it works for me .
Stand Up Guys needs a Grumpy Old Men-ectomy , stat .
Stand Up Guys gets caught up in stereotypical old-timer laughs but its principal cast shakes them off and ultimately makes the experience fulfilling .
Noah Haidle 's screenplay does n't offer many surprises , but every scene is imbued with a flavor that only actors of this caliber-and history-can provide .
Al Pacino 's chemically-induced boner that has to be drained with a needle in the first act is a nice metaphor for the whole movie .
Reminds us Hollywood rarely turns out actors like this anymore .
A small film featuring three wily , veteran screen thespians in a storyline based in loyalty and friendship , Stand Up Guys is , in its offbeat and often warm way , a killer little movie .
No movie starring Pacino , Walken and Arkin can be all bad -- and Stand Up Guys is n't
If actor-turned-director Fisher Stevens pushes the geriatric comedy too hard at times , at others he 's wise to lay back and let the actors just work .
A thoughtful little buddy caper comedy that wisely exploits the audience 's natural affection for its aging stars .
Cycles through too many haphazard and improbable set-ups to amount to anything more than a collection of signed offer sheets in search of a movie .
The awfulness of the narrative is plain to see , and yet ... no one can say Stand Up Guys lacks personality .
If you do n't think Al Pacino still has it in him , this is a welcome chance to be proved wrong .
Is it fun ? Sure , some of the time . Is it good ? That 's a stretch . Does it tap the potential of these three actors ? Fuggedaboutit .
The degree to which `` Stand Up Guys '' succeeds at all is completely dependent on Walken , who elevates everything around him by seemingly doing nothing at all .
Not since Pacino squared off against Robert De Niro in Righteous Kill has a single movie so thoroughly blasphemed a set of Acting Gods .
Not a great movie , but it 's fun to watch Pacino and Walken make an effort .
Wasting such talent should be considered criminal . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
The script is clunky , the story is contrived -- but old pros Walken and Pacino are an absolute pleasure to watch working together .
The movie is all over the place in terms of tone and only finds something resembling honesty when it drops the embarrassing shtick of crude comedy and lost-glory adventuring .
Kudos to both the ensemble and Stevens for crafting something fun and unique out of a pretty tired concept .
Guys has the lax , sleep-deprived vibe of one of those end-of-the-show `` experimental '' sketches on Saturday Night Live .
The movie from director Fisher Stevens echoes much of the visual stylings of the pulpy noir of the 1990s set in Los Angeles , but the story , which lacks any adrenaline , ambles about , never quite hooking the audience .
Fisher Stevens directed from Noah Haidle 's script , which is obviously the work of a young writer .
It 's been a long time since a movie wasted as much talent as Stand Up Guys , a film that aims to be a geezer Goodfellas but whose execution is a misfire .
Makes its way under your skin thanks to its three lead actors , all of whom have a way of bringing a uniquely weirdly spin to their not-so-tough-guy lines .
I ca n't argue that performers the stature of Pacino , Walken and Arkin do n't deserve better material , yet it 's so nice to have them onscreen together I 'm in no mood to quibble .
Pacino , Walken , and Arkin show their vitality and know-how in the face of their mortality and the pure joy of performing in the knowledge that they are better than ever .
Actor-turned-director Fisher Stevens gravely misjudges the tone - when he is n't trying to get too cute about everything , he slathers his characters in unearned sentimentality .
`` Stand Up Guys '' is mostly a string of low-key , almost-amusing chats over breakfast tables and pool tables , as if just watching these actors exhale should be entertaining enough .
The forced humor , manufactured angst ... and retread dialog make `` Stand Up Guys '' a disappointment and a waste of some great talent .
There 's far too much meandering here for it to make much of an impact . If -LSB- Heidle -RSB- had buckled down and concentrated on the most important element of the story , he really could have had an intriguing character study .
But if you 're in the mood to see a movie -- any movie -- featuring Pacino , Walken and Arkin , well ... here it is .
Just because `` Stand Up Guys '' is not very good is no reason not to see it .
Mostly baffling with a handful of bright moments , Stand Up Guys is a bust that does n't know when to quit . In fact , it does n't really know when to start either .
Considering the cast there are moments to be sure -LRB- Pacino 's one note performance does n't offer any of them -RRB- , and the film is a real calling card for young Addison Timlin ... but for most of its running time , `` Stand Up Guys '' is positively enervating .
Elegiac and corny and not really convincing on any level ...
With these legendary dudes on duty , this otherwise dark and dingy movie has some geriatric electricity to turn the lights on .
It 's like watching your grandfather get naked on YouTube .
In the end Stevens , probably wisely , just gets out of the way and lets the old guys have a ball .
A huge mess , lurching through jarring shifts in tone and never really succeeding in any of them .
Clearly , neither writer Noah Haidle nor director Fisher Stevens knows what he 's doing but they do , at least , appear to realize how lucky they are to have three old pros in their leading roles .
Even the most talented , celebrated actors offer the same caveat as a mutual fund ad : past performance is no guarantee of future results .
An excruciating and melodramatic comedy .
For a worthier project , we 'd gladly contribute to these legends ' retirement funds , but a shaky scam like `` Stand Up Guys '' is n't even worth the price of an early bird special .
There is a sense that everyone , this treasure trove of talent included , is waiting for something to happen , some bit of alchemy that will make the story coalesce into a whole and take it beyond the jokes about Viagra , hookers and regrets .
Arkin in particular can barely hide his lack of enthusiasm for the material . Some of the looks he shoots his co-stars appear to contain a secret code of some kind , deciphered as : ` Well , at least I 'm in ` Argo . ' ''
Stand Up Guys is the sitcom Mikey & Nicky no one asked for .
Sometimes it 's all about the casting .
The old man and the Cialis .
I will continue to hold out hope for a good Pacino/Walken team-up in the future , but with writing this rote and unremarkable , Stand Up Guys is just as flaccid as its main character 's penis .
The movie is a star vehicle for Pacino , Walken & Arkin but this instance , it works terrifically .
Has Al Pacino ever looked so small ?
Stand Up Guys reminds you that these three are still way too good to collapse into shticky self-parody , even when they 're in a movie that 's practically begging them to .
A clever concept squandered on a mediocre screenplay and an inexperienced director .
There 's enough humor and tenderness in Fisher Stevens ' film to make it a passably enjoyable experience for the most part .
The waste of talent is criminal . . the movie equivalent of shooting a man in Reno , just to watch him die . . a long journey into night that will leave you dazed .
A mildly raunchy , modestly entertaining geriatric comedy starring Al Pacino , Christopher Walken and Alan Arkin as retired gangsters who reunite for one last night on the town .
A fine cast stumbles and falls and never quite gets back up again .
For those in step with Stand Up Guys ' hokey comedy , there is a lot to enjoy .
Really , what do the actors have to work with here ? The movie is n't funny enough to allow them to burlesque their images , or serious enough to give them a way to reflect upon them ...
Painful , misshapen and a little gross . It 's an enlarged prostate of a movie .
Fails to plumb the dramatic depths of its setups , but every now and then the actors pick up the slack , filling in the blanks with three decades 's worth of mythic resonance .
Despite some predictable predicaments - and the inevitable Viagra joke - the film is clever in the way it deals with the high cost of mob connections and the even higher cost of old age .
Most of the modest pleasures are in the ways the men expertly play off one another and invest their shallow characters with more depth than any filmmaker could reasonably expect .
Pacino - embracing painful Viagra jokes with abrasive , motor-mouthed energy - either needs better gigs or stronger guidance .
It 's a pity because there 's a good movie in `` Stand Up Guys '' somewhere .
This moronically unfunny gangster comedy fluctuates wildly between the lowest-of-low humor and pity-the-aged-man pathos , and offers further evidence that the best days are behind its iconic cast members .
It plays out like you would fear .
Christopher Walken , Al Pacino , and Alan Arkin play the film 's three flamboyant leading characters with a tacit admission that the tongue-in-cheek crime drama at hand reflects the disappearance of their own group of iconic actors .
Veering between buddy movie and action-thriller , Stand Up Guys is a mildly raunchy , modestly entertaining geriatric comedy .
Standout performances from Pacino , Walken and Arkin as old-timers prove that losing a step ca n't keep you off your feet .


@highlight

Stand Up Guys largely wastes its talented cast in a resolutely mediocre comedy hampered by messy direction and a perfunctory script .