Petzold , a leading light of the current generation of young German filmmakers , succeeds in making the modern world strange again .
An edgy , intellectual and enigmatic dream-like metaphysical thriller about living in post-reunification contemporary German as a venture capitalist .
Yella is a strange beast : a twisty , slightly surreal mystery wrapped around the tedious art of the business deal .
The twist ending that softens the blow of this otherwise unique and atmospheric work is not for me to ruin , but it should be said that it shows a chink in the filmmaker 's armor
A strange blend of corporate thriller and supernatural mystery .
While too lean and unassuming to provide real chills , Yella is a cool , disorienting trip , a meditation on death and the complexity of the human brain .
This unusual film has all the appearance of simply being a well-done drama , but there is considerably more on writer-director Christian Petzold 's mind .
-LSB- A -RSB- tightly controlled metaphysical horror movie .
Yella clamps down on the viewer with a psychological hold that does n't immediately reveal itself .
This crisply made thriller begins as a harrowing tale of a young German woman stalked by her deranged ex-husband , but quickly turns into an investigation of the murkier depths of capitalism .
Strikes a perfect balance between corporate intrigue and metaphysical mystery ; his 2007 drama is filled with suspense but ends in delicious ambiguity .
Yella is a reserved young woman with unrevealed depths of intelligence , larceny and passion . Their gradual revelation makes this more than an ordinary thriller , in great part because of the performance of Nina Hoss in the title role .
The German offering Yella begins with an utterly gripping first 15 minutes , follows with a passable drama and ends with a big disappointment .
An import non-thriller so enigmatic and subtle that it 's inert .
This German rip-off of Herk Harvey 's 1962 Carnival of Souls replaces the junky eeriness of the original with a disassociated pretentiousness that is more irritating than creepy .
The film feels far too schematic and , even allowing for its unrelentingly mercenary premise , far too cold to inspire much viewer identification .
Filmmaker Christian Petzold meets his goal of providing an alienating portrait of the business world .
Makes for interesting viewing .
Christian Petzold 's disquieting German thriller feels modest while you 're watching it , but makes a stronger-than-expected impact .
German writer-director Christian Petzold transforms the classic American cult movie Carnival of Souls into a bleak drama about soul-sucking alienation in the reunited Germany .
Its scenes involving the perilous business negotiations offer more genuine intellectual excitement than any CGI-stuffed chase .
Yella is the kind of movie that tantalizes the mind with possibilities without solving the puzzle .
Dressing up a socio-economic critique as a romantic thriller only works if there 's enough suspense to keep the audience intrigued .
Though the film attests that the director can masterfully dredge up metaphysical dread , it also proves that he needs to learn to avoid easy ways out .
Somehow , this tightrope walk between the supernatural and underhanded business deals -LRB- call it Carnival of Michael Clayton -RRB- manages the neat trick of keeping its balance .
It 's one of those films that keeps swirling in your brain once it 's done -- thanks both to its somewhat unresolved ending and to the many subtle themes touched on throughout .
A study of the malaise of corporate culture in modern Germany with an unsatisfying ending . Up until the conclusion , it is quite rewarding .
Far less concerned with character development than with bludgeoning clues to the drama 's true nature .
A suspenseful film carried off without the viewer knowing what the suspense is all about . ... The mystery happening in the margins of this story is more interesting than the mainline plot .
A German metaphorical Reunification thriller and political allegory equating a blunt and feverish appetite for sex and capitalism .
In spite of some mysterious circumstances , Yella is directed perfunctorily and entirely without suspense or any sense of urgency .
The adept performances and sharp direction of this thriller allow the viewer to see the writer-director 's point : that life in communist East Germany may have been preferable for some to the more prosperous existence in the West .
Unfortunately , a gimmicky construction helps the writer-director avoid facing the consequences of the drama he 's set up .
Tricky and insinuating , this German drama has the subtle subtext of a thriller as it follows a woman caught at a crossroads in her life . It 's a little aloof and dry , but very well made .
A supernatural thriller with much to say on the greed and venality that underpins new Europe , Christian Petzold 's German drama is spookily intriguing .
This disquieting parable about trust and risk wrong-foots us at every turn .
Towards the end the symbolism gets heavy-handed , but by then the film has already cast its coldly mesmerising spell .
A neat metaphysical thriller .
Exquisitely frigid , menacing , disquieting , with a storyline that keeps you off-balance , marred only by a slightly hackneyed dénouement .
A rich , inventive and atmospheric thriller that is somehow able to reveal the final twist while retaining its mysterious allure .
Like its heroine , Yella is well-turned-out but chilly ; it rarely stirs the emotions , but keeps the attention hooked .
A haunting suspense drama , which compares favourably with some of the best continental cinema .
An expertly crafted thriller which offers a pessimistic , though deeply rewarding , glimpse of a society being haunted by its own past .
This calculating drama is firmly on the money .
The consequences of Reunification are explored in this effective metaphysical thriller .
Yella uses Byzantine business deals , corporate shenanigans and sink-or-swim stakes to dramatise the internal negotiation of a character 's -LRB- and a divided nation 's -RRB- dreams and anxieties .
Engaging , well acted and impressively directed German drama , though the ending is a bit of a disappointment .
This is , in places , a deeply disturbing film ... yet the touching scenes , when they come , have a surprisingly emotional depth .
Too obscure and oblique in its aims to completely enthral , Yella manages to get under the skin thanks to Hoss ' bewitching performance as the troubled number cruncher and a final reveal that complicates everything that 's gone before .
German writer-director Christian Petzold returns to top form in Yella , another precision-helmed , tightly wound , metaphysical thriller that confirms him as one of Germany 's finest middle-generation directors .
Yella comes off as too intellectual an exercise to be thoughtful or serious entertainment .


@highlight

Chilly and haunting , Yella 's atmosphere gets under the skin .