There are fewer frightening moments -LSB- than the original -RSB- , but the ones that do come are all the more frightening from the build-up of tension .
REC 2 is adequately claustrophobic and frightening and freaky , but the formula wears thin after a while-especially once they defang the first movie 's mystery by explaining it . But if you 're a sucker for utter panic , it 'll do .
Where the first -LSB- REC -RSB- was a jump-and-scare flick that put you in the victim 's point of view , -LSB- REC -RSB- 2 takes things a little further .
Not as fresh or frightfully exciting as the first film , but certainly scary , occasionally inventive and almost always enjoyable .
The film gets a lot of mileage from its concept of seeing things only through the soldiers ' helmet-mounted cameras , but the plot also develops in some surprising directions .
It does n't quite maximise the potential of all of its ideas , but it nonetheless provides a horror experience that 's up there with the best of recent years ...
Not as good as its predecessor , but only a notch below making it an enjoyable and honorable sequel .
Rather than trying to up the ante laid down by its predecessor , it simply picks up where that film left off -LRB- at the precise moment it left off , in fact -RRB- , and continues doing many of the things that movie did so well .
Multiplying the video-cams only dilutes the effect . Better to stick with one perspective . And see -LSB- Rec -RSB- first .
A mediocre third-generation copy of an idea that was n't very new to begin with , and the addition of a supposedly rational explanation to the mix proves more hindrance than help .
Fast and violent , with feral demon kids and a surplus of imaginative restatements of the genre 's best-loved clichés .
The quality has deteriorated like a dubbed VHS .
It 's more of the same , with an Exorcist spin , which is n't inherently a bad thing .
Using the same frenetic pacing and POV shakycam style , -LSB- REC -RSB- 2 tries to go bigger -- but this time , the gimmicks can seem forced . Still , there 's plenty to like ...
Bloodthirsty zombies come out to play to diminishing effect in this DIY-style Spanish horror sequel .
Approaches the rarified dream logic of the best otherworldly horror films . Call it meta or post-modern or whatever , but once this sucker hits nightvision mode , all bets are off .
The original created so much international buzz , who could blame the filmmakers for going the well twice ? I can . -LSB- REC -RSB- 2 is a straight-up money grab so terrible it threatens to ruin the memory of how good -LSB- REC -RSB- was .
Offers a bevy of first-person scares and moments rife with tension .
It 's still fun , but you feel more like you 're watching a movie than taking part in one .
Balagueró and Plaza really know what they 're doing .
Frantic from the get-go , this new crop of zombie bait barrels through shadowy hallways and fends off waxen , emaciated attackers with such hysterical speed it 's impossible to know -- or care -- whose face has just been chomped .
You 'd be advised to forget -LSB- REC -RSB- 2 even exists . Go watch the original if you 've never seen it or even check out Quarantine . You 'll be much better off .
The shaky camera work -LRB- and explosive gore -RRB- can get literally nauseating . But when the characters ' cameras run low , and the screen goes black ? That 's the scariest thing of all .
But the blatant cliffhanger is unfortunate , and while this return trip to Balagueró and Plaza 's netherworld is n't without its gloriously scary positives I 'm not sure they 're quite enough to make the journey to -LSB- REC -RSB- 2 worthwhile .
The sequel only adds further gimmicks to the already gimmicky haunted house formula of the original .
Unlike so many sequels , -LSB- REC -RSB- 2 builds nicely on the ideas introduced first time around ; in particular , the nature and history of the disease , only touched on in the original , are explored much more fully here to chilling effect .
A perfectly respectable horror film , but sometimes it 's better to leave a good thing undisturbed .
The mayhem , efficiently maintained for a just-right 84 minutes , makes -LSB- REC -RSB- 2 strictly for horror fans .
The new film manages to retain the claustrophobic tension of the original while deftly juggling multiple viewpoints .
-LSB- REC -RSB- 2 smartly picks up right where the first one left off , and takes little time to reestablish momentum .
Quibbles aside , -LSB- Rec -RSB- 2 's biggest flaw is that it 's not -LSB- Rec -RSB- .
With this underwhelming sequel , Spain proves it can stand toe to toe with any nation in the manufacture of unnecessary follow-ups .
-LSB- Rec -RSB- 2 is probably the most effective horror sequel I 've seen since 28 Weeks Later .
In the end it does n't fill its sibling 's shoes but does compare well to other films out there .
They compensate for the inevitable decline in shock potential by tripling the overall velocity . Hot damn , does this thing ever move .
The film is entirely composed of helmet-cam and video-camera footage . It 's formally interesting and pretty effective .
Contrived panic abounds , as do expiring camcorder batteries and expletive-laden variations on `` Shoot it in the head ! ''
Neighbors from hell , quite possibly literally and otherwise . Not to mention Spain 's longstanding issues with an intermittently violent government itself into extermination , along with an intrusive and oppressive Catholic Church on the premises .
The film supplies a frighteningly limited , visceral perspective on unholy carnage .
This is how you make a sequel .
REC ` ed him ? Damn near killed him !
Whereas the simplicity of the first film disarmed our apprehensions , -LSB- REC -RSB- 2 falls victim to them
-LSB- Rec -RSB- 2 is a solid mix of tension and good old-fashioned gore and action , helped immensely by a first-person-shooter stylistic approach and inventive script . Take that , Hollywood !
It does n't match the original ... there is virtually no back story shown and the inhabitants of the block are by now too far gone even to be identified .
This sequel proves that the filmmakers have plenty more tricks up their sleeves as they push the story in entertaining directions
Ending promises another round of Rec and roll , which would be a troubling , tiring development had Plaza and Balaguero not delivered such an extraordinary , spine-tingling second round .
Almost matches its predecessor , taking up the tale moments after the original ended and hurtling us through another adrenaline fuelled rollercoaster ride .
Through clever manipulation and a surprisingly well-thought-through story , manages to transcend its influences enough to still seem fresh .
As for the scariest bit , that comes right at the end , when the door is left ajar for Rec 3 . Pray for divine intervention .
A rerun of the first film only with less tension , more gore and characters who behave a bit more stupidly .
The greatest zombie sequel since Dawn of the Dead .
In our hearts we did n't expect -LSB- REC -RSB- 2 to be quite as good , but we really did n't expect a baggy , vaguely comic action romp which plays like a first-person-shoot - 'em - up based on The Exorcist .
The alternating of multiple cameras allows for a bit more innovation in the story this time , and the supernatural twists in the last reel pay off nicely .
Balaguero and Plaza 's sequel is derivative to a fault , but when it comes to the masterful handling of tension and terror , the devil is all in the detail .
Despite a few neat surprises , -LSB- Rec -RSB- 2 mainly expands on familiar images and ideas .
Repetitive in its own right as well as in terms of its origins , -LSB- REC -RSB- 2 is well made but never remotely scary -- the cardinal sin of any horror movie .
Filmmaker Jaume Balaugueró should have been content with the first -LSB- REC -RSB- , a claustrophobic tour de force . Now the franchise is out on the sidewalk , selling itself to the tired , the jaded , the kerb-crawling .
You know how horror sequels tend to be a load of old guff ? Not this one . In fact , 2 's about as good as they get .
It 's a solid , workmanlike sequel which could easily have been bolted onto the original to provide horror buffs with three hours of non-stop carnage .
Every empty corridor is full of unease . The carnage is frantic , bloody , relentless . The drama comes veined with black humour . And when the jolting finale hits , you realise this could easily be horror 's next big franchise .
Tightly constructed sequel that takes the original in an unexpected direction while delivering the requisite amounts of shock and gore , though it lacks the first film 's focus on character and is significantly less terrifying as a result .
About as scary and convincing as the haunted car ride at Coney Island .
As an example of how to make a near flawless follow-up , -LSB- REC -RSB- 2 is a revelation .
An inventive and surprising sequel , even if it ca n't quite live up to its predecessor .
-LSB- REC -RSB- 2 returns to something that is both charming and bloody , heartwarmingly cinematic and really , really scary and gross .
A perfect companion piece to the powerfully well-regarded -LSB- REC -RSB- .
... one of the most successful horror sequels in cinematic history ...
Rec 2 is the only movie in the entire festival that left me wanting more . It 's a nonstop rollercoaster ride that grabs the audiences by the throat and never lets go . You breathe when the credits hit and not a single second before .
Neatly paving the way for -LSB- REC -RSB- 3 with a cliffhanger ending , it has enough invention and wit to extend the saga into a franchise even while the novelty value of the 2007 faux documentary has worn thin .
A sequel to the Spanish cult hit that offers an explanation for something that was far more effective when left largely unexplained .


@highlight

It lacks the surprising jolt of the first installment , but -LSB- REC -RSB- 2 almost maintains the original 's chilling momentum -- and proves not all horror sequels were made equal .