What becomes a legend most ? In Elaine Stritch 's case , it 's this riveting , unvarnished documentary portrait of the lioness in winter .
Ultimately , Elaine Stritch : Shoot Me makes you root for her even when you 've had your fill of her .
There 's something indomitable about her will to perform , and insecurity has been part of her experience for decades , it 's clear .
Chiemi Karasawa deserves all the credit in the world for the intimate and hilarious portrait that is Elaine Stritch : Shoot Me , a sparkling cocktail of music and memoir . On the other hand , she did n't exactly have to drag her subject out of her shell .
For someone who made her Broadway debut 68 years ago , Elaine Stritch is still quite the firecracker .
-LSB- A -RSB- feisty portrait of the musical-theater legend .
As we see Stritch carry on , still performing into her eighties , battling the physical and mental ravages of time , it 's obvious she was no sissy .
Shoot Me is precisely as dishy , vulnerable and moving as a biographical doc ought to be .
Sensationally entertaining .
This film works as both a show business historical documentary and a fitting tribute to the late , great Broadway legend , Elaine Stritch .
Since the brassy Elaine is mostly likable , even if self-absorbed , so is the straight-forward documentary .
What might have been merely a sycophantic airbrushed view of Ms. Stritch and her marvelous talents , instead , is a fully candid , unrehearsed , intimate , three-dimensional portrait .
A career centerpiece , a significant artistic contribution in its own right .
`` Elaine Stritch '' is filled with bluster and memories , blunt outbursts and funny moments . But more importantly , it is filled with honesty .
The fledgling filmmaker finds what feels like just the right ratio of glitz to guts . One comes away with the sense that Stritch wants more than anything for the show to go on , while knowing better than anyone that her final bow ca n't be far off .
Stritch is a force of nature
There 's an impressive candor and depth to this documentary about the life and career of Stritch .
This admiring but forthright portrait does justice to Stritch 's engaging , no-nonsense personality .
Broadway stage musical veteran Stritch is an acquired taste .
It is in this moment that ` Elaine Stritch : Shoot Me ' becomes not only a guidebook on how to age gracefully and boldly but a perfect illustration on what drives performers to perform .
Broadway legend Elaine Stritch is the subject of the documentary `` Elaine Stritch : Shoot Me '' and , quite a bit of the time , she also tries to direct it .
Elaine Stritch 's strength , along with the film 's , comes from her honesty . She is herself , even when - maybe especially when - she knows she 's being watched .
What a tough , difficult , talented old broad .
Really , the experience of `` Elaine Stritch : Shoot Me '' is the experience of being in Stritch 's company for 80 minutes , and that 's fine . Still I doubt anyone will walk out of this film wishing it were 10 minutes longer .
By the end , even those who had never heard of Stritch can share her rage against the dying of the light .
Refusing insincerity , demanding attention , and committed to the art of performance , Stritch 's life seems tailor-made for a documentary .
In the marvelous documentary Elaine Stritch : Shoot Me , the title figure is a pistol .
An enjoyably fawning documentary .
This is a must-see for anyone who loves theater , acting and especially individuals like Elaine Stritch unafraid to bare their souls -- so all of us can gain more insight into the complicated essence of the human condition .
Stritch , in her trademark billowy white blouses and skinny black tights , or in bed , without makeup and without , sometimes , a lucid notion , reveals herself to be full of opposing emotions and desires .
This profile of stage and screen veteran Elaine Stritch , shot during her 87th year , is n't a documentary so much as an improvised star vehicle ; she plays to the camera through the entire movie and puts on a hell of a show .
You watch `` Shoot Me '' wishing this woman could keep sashaying through her showbiz life forever ...
The movie 's a portrait of tough yet vulnerable woman fighting age with everything she 's got , giving in , getting scared , fighting some more .
Formidable , indomitable , irascible : Pick your adjective , and it pretty much describes the force of nature who holds the stage in `` Elaine Stritch : Shoot Me . ''
`` I Feel Pretty , '' from `` West Side Story , '' was written for an ingenue , not a grande dame in her ninth decade , but she sings it with delicious irony , self-irony and irrepressible delight .
I suppose it helps to have seen Stritch onstage to fully appreciate the bracing new documentary `` Elaine Stritch : Shoot Me , '' released by Sundance Selects . I wish I 'd seen more .
She 's an original straight-shooter , and the doc 's not far from a bull 's - eye .
She is more than a little abrasive in the finished documentary , yet she is also compulsively watchable . No wonder she 's a star .
One of those showbiz docs that 's not exactly pleasurable but offers a penetrating glimpse - sometimes too penetrating - into what it means to eat , drink , and be contrary in the public sphere .
Irresistibly brash and deeply moving , `` Elaine Stritch : Shoot Me '' is a vanity-free portrait of a phenomenal artist .
Ever the trooper , -LSB- Stritch -RSB- grabs the audience 's attention , which never wanes . There 's not one diffident moment . Elaine Stritch : Shoot Me is the natural-born sequel to her stage show and just as revealing .
Inspirational , entertaining , and absolutely awards-caliber ... Elaine Stritch : Shoot Me offers up an indelible and rare experience in cinematic form-it 's simply an absolute treat to be able to spend this much intimate time with such a legendary lady .
Follows the groundwork laid out by the recent Joan Rivers : A Piece of Work , alternating between look-where-she 's - been historical footage and look-at-her-go glimpses of her current busy schedule .
Cheers to a movie as gloriously entertaining and bluntly honest as the lady herself . Everybody rise .
Delicious , hilarious , brutally honest up-close and riveting portrait of octogenarian Broadway/film/TV legend and still alive-wire Elaine Stritch will thrill her many fans and win her plenty of new ones .
Ultimately , `` Elaine Stritch : Shoot Me '' borders on inspirational in the way that it humanizes someone this undeniably talented and successful .
Stritch speaks honestly about her mortality . At 87 , she harbors no fantasies about extended amounts of time . Elaine Stritch : Shoot Me makes you wish she would live forever .
You 'd have to be inept not to get good material when you turn a camera on the irrepressible Elaine Stritch . Fortunately , first-time director Chiemi Karasawa earned the actress ' complete trust ...
A generous and hilarious portrait of life as an aging legend .
On a deeper level , `` Shoot Me '' is an unflinchingly honest examination of a woman who is aware that the end is approaching .
Every would-be director of a celebrity biography should be required to watch Chiemi Karasawa 's delightful example .
It 's Stritch at her Stritchiest : swaddled in fur , showing off those stockinged gams that still refuse to quit , and parking her eyes behind a pair of those signature oversized glasses that look like two full moons resting on her face .
` Shoot Me ' paints a loving but prickly and honest portrait of someone who 's never been less than honest , if sometimes to a fault .
The chief pleasures of Shoot Me-and there are many-come from watching Stritch navigate her day-to-day life .
Ms. Stritch is sharp , funny , brittle , caustic , demanding , exaggerated , critical -LRB- especially of herself -RRB- and infuriating . She is also elaborately unique and awesomely brilliant .
An irresistibly entertaining documentary that captures Stritch during what she unsentimentally calls `` almost post-time . ''
As much a playdate as portrait , a jumble of salty highlights attesting to the pleasure of her company .
It 's gratifying beyond words to witness this consummate performer as she feeds off an audience 's energy , turning flubs and forgetfulness continually to her advantage .
You ca n't kid a kidder , and she 's a truth machine set on `` Play '' at all times . She may kid herself occasionally , but you get the impression it 's a rare occurrence .
Chiemi Karasawa 's documentary is remarkable for its candor , but it 's a brutal honesty that Elaine Stritch herself gladly offers .
You ca n't take your eyes off of her .
The movie acts as the quintessential celebration of a thoroughly distinctive character .
Elaine Stritch : Shoot Me is an absolute joy .
A superior celebrity docu that finds the Broadway legend contemplating retirement as well as her own mortality .
A fond farewell to a Broadway Baby as she closes a door on her remarkable career ... at least for now .
Stritch 's fearlessness in the face of age and illness dominates ; whether she 's ribbing 30 Rock 's `` Alec ` Joan Crawford ' Baldwin '' or berating cinematographer Shane Signer - `` Do n't you think you 're awfully close to me ?! '' , her default setting is candid .

@highlight

Brutally honest and utterly compelling , Elaine Stritch : Shoot Me offers a riveting , vanity-free portrait of its legendary subject while offering a few essential truths about the human condition .