It manages to turn a potentially charming piece of contemporary magic realism into a tedious and clunkily episodic mess that , with its lazy racism and unnecessary violence , is rarely fun to watch .
It 's mostly just boring , and then toward the end it 's actually confounding .
Ugh .
You do n't want to be in Adam Sandler 's shoes right now .
Throughout the film 's 99 minutes you will find yourself wondering whether this is a genuine black comedy , a family comedy , a dramedy , a cheap-shot drama , or possibly a melodramatic modern-day superhero story about being a good Samaritan .
Method Man is the easy standout , proving to be the most memorable piece of a film that embraces its slightness to warm hearts and lets the rest come what may .
The quirky magic-realist conceit has great potential but co-writer/director Tom McCarthy fails to bring it to a shine .
The problem with this movie , like so many Sandler films , is that it tries to be a heartwarming tale while at the same time being offensive .
The Cobbler is startlingly thin and naive , especially in regard to the larger implications of its hero 's actions .
The Cobbler is the rare movie so terrible that it 's hard to figure out why it even exists , why somebody did n't run in front of the speeding train of its production yelling , `` Stop ! ''
A strange departure into slapstick renders any genuine sentiment null and void and the balance between comedy and drama is just never properly gaged .
Proves too high-concept for the indie sensibilities of writer/director Thomas McCarthy .
Much play is made on `` sole '' and `` soul '' , and Sandler looks depressed throughout . Fine - let it be him for a change .
Sandler had an opportunity to explore ethnicity , family and morality . He botches the whole thing .
It 's difficult to believe this sentimental pudding is written and directed by Thomas McCarthy , who was behind the genuinely touching The Station Agent and The Visitor and wrote the script for Pixar 's Up .
I just ca n't take this film seriously .
What makes The Cobbler particularly wounding is that for once , the premise need n't have necessarily resulted in such a washout .
Collapses amid its attempts to reshape a notionally sincere script to fit an A-list heel .
A top-of-the-range supporting cast makes this grindingly dull experience almost bearable .
Sandler 's predictably simplistic comic targets mesh awkwardly with his director 's own sense of moral complication .
This comedic drama 's high concept -LSB- results -RSB- in something that is neither-here-nor-there .
The core story hook may be preposterous , but what best resonates in `` The Cobbler '' are its human slice-of-life elements and the big-city , blue-collar milieu in which it is set .
An odd mix of broad comedy and quaint nostalgia , this flailing attempt at crowd-pleasing comedy attracted a strong cast to thankless roles .
Adam Sandler stars in a watchable movie so , yes , there 's a miracle involved . Sandler tamps down the moron act to play Max Simkin , a Bronx cobbler with a magical stitching machine that enables him to transform into his customers by slipping on their shoes .
It 's like Click as helmed by Robert Bresson .
The Cobbler 's so bad that Adam Sandler may do some serious soul-searching -LRB- after his next $ 20 million paycheck -RRB- . It 's so bad that you 'll be willing to actually call Comcast and ask for your money back .
The conceit is both ridiculous and clever , but the director , Tom McCarthy , pushes it to facile conclusions without tapping its deeper potential ...
Lands in the bin of `` try and fail '' efforts of great directors with films like Popeye and Town And Country to keep it company .
Throughout The Cobbler , Sandler himself seems more invested than he 's been for a long time . But the rest of this ghastly movie lets him down .
Interesting idea about empathy turns into disturbing fable .
`` The Cobbler '' is almost fascinatingly awful enough to recommend . If one subscribes to the theory that you can learn as much from a bad movie as from a good one , this one 's a master class in what not to do .
A failed fairy tale with a saccharine , klezmer-inflected tone undercut by the movie 's own plot .
A comedy that starts well but sputters into a lame story about a nasty gangster .
`` The Cobbler '' is a wildly ill-conceived curio from director Tom McCarthy , who co-wrote with Paul Sado .
What starts off as a potentially charming fantasy never finds its footing .
`` The Cobbler '' definitely wo n't please the audience for Sandler 's mainstream blockbusters , and it 's unlikely to win him new fans among the indie intelligentsia , either .
Fans of Adam Sandler are a hardy lot , impervious to the derision of friends and family and the slings and arrows his films frequently attract from critics . The Cobbler is likely to test their mettle .
The sophomoric humor may be absent , but in its place is only a soufflé of whimsy , seasoned with soot , that fails to rise .
New Yorky , Jewish-tinged knockoff of `` Groundhog Day '' which A has a silly premise , and spends its running time radically lurching among different tones , none of which work for a minute .
The shoe does n't fit .
The Cobbler is trying to do so much-be socially conscious , be a parable -LRB- hell , maybe even be a superhero origin story ! -RRB- - it just feels like a bunch of cobbled together ideas .
Sandler is solid , and a supporting cast that includes Steve Buscemi , Melonie Diaz and Method Man are all very watchable . But the movie is never able to find its footing .
The world may never again witness Peak Sandler , but that 's OK . We 'll always have Punch-Drunk Love .
Yet another misguided and insensitive Adam Sandler movie .
The Cobbler has invented a new category of terrible : cruel schmaltz
The Cobbler is such a weirdly somber comedy that it would almost be in poor taste to laugh during it , though there 's not much danger of that happening .
It 's difficult to say what 's more troubling : that the film does n't do enough with its clever premise , or that it does n't seem to care .
It 's a toxic smear of curdled whimsy about a New York shoe-repair man -LRB- a lumbering Adam Sandler -RRB- , who transforms into his customers when he puts on their shoes . The film is beyond awful .
Star Adam Sandler will certainly receive the brunt of the blame for the mangled effort , but he does n't deserve the heat . This is all McCarthy 's doing .
Maybe there 's a good movie in here somewhere - or would have been , more than 40 years ago , with Judd Hirsch as the shoemaker . Or nearly 60 years ago , as a quick `` Twilight Zone '' episode . But as it 's done today , it 's just forced and unfunny and fake .
Flamboyant caricatures and casual prejudice have always been cornerstones of the Adam Sandler empire , and The Cobbler is no exception .
Magical social realism graces this strange politically conscious comedy about bad landlords , housing activism , a Yiddish cell meeting on the Lower East Side a century ago , and Sandler for a change getting in touch with his sort of inner workingclass hero
A painfully earnest and totally unfunny magic-realist fable set on the Lower East Side that works in no way whatsoever .
It revives the pleasant art of storytelling most of today 's young filmmakers have all but abandoned , and cures -LRB- temporarily , anyway -RRB- my allergy to Adam Sandler .
Likeable but ordinary .
Tom McCarthy got stuck making an Adam Sandler movie , instead of the other way around .
Even as he becomes more aware of a world outside his tiny shop and Sheepshead Bay , Max remains distant and sometimes unpleasant , Sandler barely changing up his mealy-mouthed , grumbly performance .
Sorry , Adam Sandler simply is n't very convincing playing a character with an I.Q. above room temperature .
Thomas McCarthy evinces no interest in the people who come into Max 's store and wind up as fodder for his increasingly violent and self-absorbed escapades . Not a shred .
Thomas McCarthy 's fourth -LRB- and worst -RRB- film ...
A movie like this , in which not a single scene comes together , in which almost nothing makes you laugh or cry or think , reminds you that it 's truly a miracle when movies work at all .
A slow-motion zeppelin crash that starts as a dull-edged fable , and then spirals further and further out of control without ever growing more exciting or interesting .
Sandler gets lost in The Cobbler , and so does any vestige of the filmmaker 's connection to his audience .
Audiences tickled and delighted by the initial premise are only likely to feel disappointed by the way it pans out .
The last ten minutes of The Cobbler are a special kind of awful . The rest is a mere disappointment coming from McCarthy , but business as usual for Sandler .
Well , we 'll say this for `` The Cobbler , '' it 's probably the first anti-gentrification , magical shoe , Jewish fable in the history of cinema . But that 's about where the praise ends for this baffling misfire .
It 's an amusing concept for a movie but there 's nothing for it to stand on . In other words , The Cobbler leaves you wondering , ` Where 's the sole ? '

@highlight

The Cobbler represents a slight step up from Adam Sandler 's recent comedies , but while its cloying sentiment proves a more palatable substitute for his usual crass humor , it still is n't terribly compelling .