Pitched with utter sincerity and rigorously filmed sans complexity , energy , life
Lions for Lambs is movie mutton .
The film 's points are made obvious the first minute and then monotonously drilled ad nauseum the remaining 87 .
Slowly , you suffer the creeping realization that nothing is going to happen . Nothing .
for the rest of us who think that a piece of cinema should be more than that , Lions for Lambs leaves us feeling empty rather than sparked by the zeitgeist the film attempts to capture .
The absence of activists in the streets protesting the war in Iraq continues to confound ; the empty seats at theaters showing Lions for Lambs will be somewhat easier to explain .
Lions for Lambs reminds us of what Hollywood does best , when it wants to .
It attempts to conquer social , political and military all in the same film , but it does n't knock any of them out of the park .
For all of its good intentions and clear-eyed idealism , Lions for Lambs is not a movie , it is a political science lecture .
It does n't take a genius to know who is going to be sacrificed in this weak morality tale .
Redford is to be commended for making a film that dares to navigate the `` theater of ideas , '' despite its flaws .
Less a war drama than a set of dueling position papers .
The interwoven narrative strategy that gradually reveals hidden connections is so old hat at this point that it feels more hackneyed than revelatory , even in such highly concentrated form .
I 'm not sure why Producer-director Robert Redford and writer Matthew Carnahan thought this was cinematic , but they were wrong .
It means to use the Cruise-Redford-Streep star power to get us talking about things we ought to be talking about .
The long-winded speeches were made tolerable by the superb acting , but I got the point long before the speeches were over . I would have liked more of Luke and Pena . Still , Meryl Streep could easily grab a nomination . Meryl never whimpers - she roars .
Say this for Hollywood : At least it 's trying to inject some semblance of sane debate into the Iraq War debacle ... But do its recruitment tools have to be so ineffectual ?
Una película tan bienintencionada y oportuna como demagógica y sensiblera . Plantea un atendible debate de ideas , pero carece de personajes interesantes y , en definitiva , de fuerza dramática .
Carnahan and Redford show that politicians bank on public apathy , and the film ends up as a call to action for people to simply become more engaged .
It 's an unironic work that demands the audience 's attention and should provoke a personal , even physical , response from each individual .
The dialogue between Streep and Cruise is slick and musical , and the actors find the rhythm of it , but it does n't convince as the kind of power-brokering that goes on in big-time politics and media .
Gushing about Streep is almost embarrassing , but ...
Screenwriter Matthew Michael Carnahan as a way with dialogue ; the verbal confrontations between Malley and Todd and Janine and Irving are choice , and all actors are in top form .
The film is built not upon characters and plot but upon ideas . That would be fine if the ideas were revolutionary or interesting , but they 're fairly commonplace .
An uninvolving and depressing serving of talk about the inadequacy of politicians , the power of the media , senseless deaths overseas , and the apathy of youth .
Polemics can be very entertainment . Intellectual argument films are just boring .
Has the good sense to get in , make its case -- however clunky it may be -- and get out in under 90 minutes . The sad thing is that even at that brief length , it feels padded .
Arian and Ernie are the young men of color who are acting out the plot the white folks are talking about .
It 's a great muddle from the word go .
`` Lions for Lambs '' could talk pro-war and anti-war coalitions to sleep .
Through sheer force of star power , Cruise manages to temporarily hijack this lumpy lecture , and turn it into a battle cry against the corporate media that both built and destroyed him .
Tom Cruise does a creepy politician with an evil eye on the White House . Look out , Giuliani !
To borrow a song title from the more cinematically fortunate Johnny Cash , this one is a `` Ragged Old Flag . ''
It 's definitely flawed but I am recommending it .
Why are n't these actors helping troops ' families or give injured solders jobs in movies so they can support their loved ones ? No matter what side of this issue you support , standing on the sidelines and throwing stones only leads to more stone-throwing .
The new Robert Redford movie , `` Lions for Lambs , '' is nothing if not nostalgic and well-intentioned , and that 's part of its problem .
Plays the same bloated Hollywood strings .
A crushing bore , though a sincere one .
Pontificating aplenty in Robert Redford 's preachy anti-war polemic .
One successful story out of three is not good enough as Redford steps up to the plate . Too little first rate photography and too much collegiate tedium .
Score one for Robert Redford .
Has worth because its subject matter has worth .
The producers of Lions for Lambs are missing a tremendous marketing opportunity here . They should spell each L word with a Z instead of an L , and use the number 4 in between them . Lionz4lambz would be gangsta to the youth market .
This is an unapologetically liberal film . Does it preach to the choir ? Absolutely . My own left-leaning views being what they are , I liked it on those terms , even as I acknowledge that some complexity would have been nice .
Agree or disagree , love it or hate it , you wo n't be able to turn away . It 's Robert Redford 's urgent , impassioned wake up call for America .
Meryl Streep gets yelled at by Tom Cruise in Lions for Lambs . A no-name actor gets yelled at by Robert Redford . And us ? We get yelled at by everyone .
In the end , it all remains a dramatically inert set of talking points , and not even the high-caliber cast can make much more out of it .
There is much talk of paralysis in Robert Redford 's what 's - wrong-with-America movie Lions for Lambs , and there is a whole lot of the same in the movie itself .
Though these dialogues are worthy , the medium does n't seem right for the message .
Lions for Lambs appears to have been created by someone who 's never seen one of these newfangled contraptions called ` movies , ' or for that matter , witnessed that phenomenon known as ` speech . '
When a filmmaker directs himself in a role that 's hopelessly dull , is that professional suicide , or just kindness in not burdening some other actor with the part ?
Not surprisingly , the Redford segment is the best . His character , who hopes to save America one slacker at a time , rings true ; and his real-life conviction and his fears for democracy come through .
It 's a fictional tale that has the immediacy of something hot off the presses -- something raw and clunky , but plugged into the moment - with characters talking about the same things people are talking about outside the theater .
This jabbering , photographed pamphlet might spark some discussion , but as a movie it suffocates on gas .
Lions for Lambs is insightful and provocative .
This sometimes heavy-handed sermon about political apathy among the young , the stakes of media collusion with government , and the fog of war is almost certain to scare off the people it is intended to reach .
Talky , didactic and essentially free of any real narrative ...
Carnahan 's script is thoughtful , but its ideal venue may be a college debate class , not your local multiplex .
Lions for Lambs is Redford 's latest film as a director . It 's also , sadly , one of his weakest .
In the best directing of his auteur career , Redford turns Carnahan 's original script into a modern-day version of what Sergei Eisenstein called ` Intellectual Montage . '
Unfortunately , a single , compelling plot would have been far more effective than earnest lectures in triplicate .
It 's commendable that the filmmakers did n't make a strident screed , but did they have to settle for a waffling yak-fest ?
Unlike other recent dramas such as Rendition , the film never feels like it 's preaching . Instead , it just urges : Whatever you believe , do something .
Lions for Lambs is Hollywood 's latest casualty of war , a movie undone not by its heart -LRB- which is in the right place -RRB- but by its stilted , obvious and one-sided presentation .
If your idea of a good time at the movies is watching paper-thin characters lob ideological grenades at one another , this is your dream date .
The filmmaking is a bit clunky , and the three stories do n't quite add up ; what we have here is just not fully engaging .
Lions for Lambs marks Robert Redford 's seventh film as director ... and it 's certainly not his best . But I 'll say this for it : It 's his bravest .
Good performances from Redford , Meryl Streep and Tom Cruise are wasted in what 's basically a dorm-room debate with a couple of action scenes .
It 's missing the movie part of being a movie . And so it sort of just sits there talking .
The film does n't so much end as just stop . We 're left thinking less about what we 've heard than about what we have n't seen -- a satisfying movie .
Lions for Lambs is a civics lesson , necessary to be sure , but leaving us drained of resolve , wading in the morass it hoped to pull us out of .
Like many a Hollywood political drama , Lions for Lambs carries a full head of steam that is indistinguishable from a lot of hot air .
... a passionate but mannered rhetorical exercise .
The movie 's inadequacies exemplify the chief problem it diagnoses -- our society 's reluctance to allot sufficient time for crucial issues to be defined and argued in depth .
It does not feel good to report that a movie with Robert Redford , Meryl Streep , and Tom Cruise makes the eyelids droop . But that 's what Lions for Lambs does .
Robert Redford directs and stars in this ambitious talkathon , which would have been more effective as a radio play .
An arresting political expose punctuated by stellar acting and resonant messages about leadership , sacrifice and responsibility .
Redford and Carnahan would like us to ponder our role in their fate . And maybe we would , if the lecture were n't so dull and self-satisfied .
... a relevant message unfortunately wrapped up in an oddly discordant , moderately self-righteous package which is probably going to go right over the heads of most of the people at whom it 's targeted .
Feels like a really good off-Broadway play - stripped of artifice , its sharp commentary to the point , making its stinging points more through words than action .
Lions for Lambs simply is n't fresh or courageous enough to make an impact let alone a difference .
Tedious , preaching-to-the-converted drama with lifeless direction and a shockingly ham-fisted script .
Might be a useful tool for stimulating discussion in a high school classroom , as long as the class is studying civics and not cinema .
Liberal Hollywood sends its big guns into the `` war on terror '' and winds up in a dreadful mess .
If there was ever a film that not only preached to the choir but threatened to put it to sleep , this is it .
Lame exercise in proscenium dialectics .
... occasionally as subtle as a filmed lecture ...
Pure fence-sitting liberal agony is all that 's on offer here , in a muddled and pompous film about America 's war on terror .
Fortunately for -LSB- Redford -RSB- , Lions for Lambs is a less ham-handed effort than Sayles ' Silver City , but it 's a near thing .
While the most overtly political film of the director 's career , this one feels more like a didactic college political science sermon more than it does anything else .
Unexpectedly riveting .
There 's a message behind Lions for Lambs , Robert Redford 's latest outing as a director . And my goodness do n't we know it by the end of a 94-minute hectoring that feels far , far longer .
... impassioned and mercifully brief .
After Rendition , The Kingdom and Babel skirted around the issue , here , at last , is a film brave enough to question the whys and wherefores of the War On Terror . As such , it 's not just an absorbing movie , but an extremely brave one , too .
Not a lot of entertainment with this edification . It 's thought-provoking , but so 's CNN .
Preachy , worthy and far too wordy , Lions For Lambs does n't roar so much as bleat . Less a movie than a bungled party political broadcast on behalf on the United Artists party .
Made for sheep by donkeys .
a more appropriate title for Lions for Lambs could be Lamenting for Liberals .
A real mixed bag , then , destined to be remembered more for its indulgent use of three Hollywood heavyweights than its call to action against a war-mongering government , the compliant media in its thrall and a youth too apathetic to care .
For all its studied sturm and drang , Lions for Lambs is superficial , piecemeal , and woefully unprepared to argue its points .
Redford may be well intentioned , but Lions For Lambs comes across as a toothless primer for water-cooler conversation rather than a potent , political piece of filmmaking .
Realmente é triste quando um filme com o qual concordamos ideologicamente se revela profundamente falho como narrativa cinematográfica .
It is exhibitionist cinema for the post-Crash era , designed to tell us what we already know and somehow stir us out of our apathy simultaneously .
... this reviewer happens to agree with the politics espoused in the film ... this reviewer also thinks this movie is one of the biggest failures on screen this year .
The movie is a talkathon with a certain amount of military action . It could be presented about as well as a radio play .
Lions for Lambs appears to have taken its inspiration from Al Gore 's stolid An Inconvenient Truth , using the stage lecture and Power Point presentation in lieu of dramatic momentum .
... Lions for Lambs is also stagy , and worse , dull .
It 's the role of an artist to not just comment on current events , but also to shape that commentary into a dramatic form that 'll excite , move and inspire people . Lions for Lambs is n't filmmaking ; it 's list-making .
What distinguishes this from other recent war movies is that it 's about far more than a tragic skirmish ... it 's provocative entertainment that makes you think .
Jesus Christ , Redford , if you wanted to make a feature-length cinematic editorial , why did n't you just go balls-out and have done with it ?
An exhilarating piece of direction that begs the question , Robert Redford ? This is the same man who 's been content making the cinematic equivalent of reading the L.L. Bean catalog for his entire career , and now he 's ready for a bare-knuckle brawl ?
Only one step away from Redford turning towards the camera , pointing his finger , and asking , ` what will you do ? '
A film that is less a fully developed portrait of its subject than it is a rough snapshot that conveys the immediacy of the times in a more gripping manner than most of the current crop of fictional films on the subject .
Lions for Lambs poses a lot of questions , but you wo n't have to wait around until the end to find the answers , because you know right from the beginning exactly what you 're getting .
preaching to the choir who watch the same debates on CNN and Fox News each day . It does n't make it more compelling or interesting just because Tom Cruise is prettier than Bill O'Reilly .
This well-meaning talkathon about the war on terror , contemporary politics , journalistic integrity , and civic engagement has enlightenment more than entertainment as its goal .
With ` Lions for Lambs , ' actor-producer-director Robert Redford wears his heart on his sleeve . If he had put his brain there as well , he might have made a real movie .
A shallow tar pit cluttered with skeletal ideas .
An op-ed piece masquerading as a motion picture .
The movie may use a lot of words , but it does n't mince them , and its very directness is a relief .
The resounding message of `` drop what you 're doing and get involved ! '' is hardly original , but there are certainly points to be taken from all fronts .
... its obvious , liberal message stamp -LSB- s -RSB- it little more than a Public Service Announcement . I 'm Robert Redford and I approve this message .
Career Politicians , the Fourth Estate and Disaffected Youth all earn a stern knuckle rapping in Lions for Lambs .
There is no faulting Lions for Lambs for its good intentions , but its arguments have the exhausted quality of a political talk show transcript or campaign stump speech .
Those who agree with its sentiments likely felt that way going into the movie . And the film is so talk-heavy and strident that it becomes overwhelming and a bit of a bore .
For a film that 's 95 percent talk , Lions for Lambs is admirably fast-paced , energized with something often missing in movies : ideas .
Blah , blah , blah . ... This relentless polemic by director Robert Redford is likely to put both critics and supporters of the Iraq war to sleep .
Robert Redford -LRB- who also directed -RRB- , Tom Cruise and Meryl Streep might just as well have appeared on-screen for a couple of minutes with signs that said , ` War is bad , ' and been done with it . Saves everyone the cost of a ticket .
there 's a meek little ending that 's more of a feeble whimper than a roar .
An openly and specifically political , intelligent and refined call against apathy .
It is more op-ed than movie .
What we have here is n't a drama so much as a dramatized position paper in three parts .
The movie remains so unspecific that it often sounds like sloganeering , however well developed the arguments .
It 's almost impossible to conceive of the movie reaching an audience that needs it most .
A hopelessly stilted political drama that plays like U.S. News & World Report : The Movie .
Lions for Lambs will not change anything . It probably wo n't even put a dent in the the U.S. 's consciousness . Regrettably , it 's more of the same with only cursory signs of a soul .
Rather than reasoned thought and debate , the only thing this movie inspires is exasperation .
Intense war thriller offers food for thought .
Redford confounds expectations , not politically but dramatically .
-LSB- T -RSB- he most frank discussion yet about the war and the state of this country I 've seen at the movies , one that tries to capture the situation realistically and intelligently and without indulging in dogmatic ideology .
For all its passion and topical currency , the movie plays too often like a college colloquium .
-LSB- I -RSB- t 's refreshing to see the issues herein discussed ... in a wide release fronted by three huge stars . On the other hand ... this is , for the most part , two political discussions dressed up as a narrative .
A story about how some politicians and journalists ca n't be completely trusted should be filed away in the ` duh ' category .
Lions for Lambs is worth seeing for no other reason that you 've never seen anything like it before . It 's political theatre that should n't be missed .
Streep 's impassioned performance exemplifies the seriousness of the stakes , but a lot of liberal hand-wringing , however commendable , does not in itself a movie make .
If Hollywood is going to insist on broadcasting calls for the world to wake up and smell the coffee , it 's time to stop strangling them with the Stars and Stripes .
A smart , accessible , surprisingly balanced look at our dysfunctional world . Compelling stuff .
All three stories ultimately feel too glib and superficial to make any lasting contribution to the debate on Iraq .
Even if you agree with the picture 's politics , Lions for Lambs is a prime example of loony Hollywood liberalism .
Lions for Lambs provides a more robust debate about the wars we 're in and may soon be in -LRB- in regard to Iran , the movie feels like it was written yesterday -RRB- than you 're likely to get from any cable news show .
Robert Redford 's smug , self-satisfied liberal weltschmerz anthem .
Much of the movie plays like a civics lesson .
The tiny scale and armchair talkiness mark the movie as a bit of a folly , an act of idealistic hubris in today 's commercial marketplace , yet that 's its -LRB- minor -RRB- fascination too .
Lambs is utterly lacking in any kind of recognizable cinematic arc , convincing logic , coherent narrative or persuasive political viewpoint .
Plays out as a mountain of self-righteously guilt-ridden rhetoric perched on a molehill of narrative .
A guilt-trip worth taking , since no matter where you stand , you have stand somewhere , and you wo n't leave Lions for Lambs without discussing it .
Everyone sits and pontificates . It 's one long speech . Too many words .
Worthy , without being worth watching .
a flat work that feels more like a series of actors ' exercises than the incisive movie it wants to be
Too smug , too limited , too shallow .
Takes a more direct approach to its politics but should have gone just a bit further if it really wanted to leave any sort of lasting impression .
It 's too pious to be entertaining , too polite to be convincing and , like a weapon of mass destruction , takes a lot longer to deploy than 45 minutes .
I had the inescapable feeling that this film ought to come with a warning that it has a lot in common with a NASA wind tunnel .
Redford is surely smart enough to realize , as the professor turns his ire on those who merely chatter while Rome burns , that his movie is itself no better , or more morally effective , than high-concept Hollywood fiddling .
The new antiwar pictures are all clunks and wind , but they 're full of fervent acting and affectingly rough -- they lack the usual studio overpolish . Robert Redford 's Lions for Lambs is the clunkiest , windiest , and roughest of the lot .
For a film attempting to grapple with the seething anger of an American populace left hung out to dry by the Bush administration , `` Lions for Lambs '' is far to muted and meek to achieve its perceived goals of inciting social activism .
Lions for Lambs is , to put it mildly , beyond stagey .
A passionate plea for honesty , courage and standing up for what you believe in , Lions for Lambs is a powder keg of a film . It 's a film to debate and discuss
If the picture is talky and the dialogue sometimes stilted , that 's a small price to pay for a drama that attacks the American public 's diminishing sense of commitment .
In spite of the clunky package , the film 's message really is a good one .
A talkathon that is going to rival the Tampa Bay Devil Rays ' season ender for its ability to produce empty seats .
Politicians , the media , educators , military commanders and a docile public all come under fire in a well-made movie that offers no answers but raises many important questions .
Robert Redford 's first helming chore in seven years , and his most directly political pic yet , amounts to a giant cry of `` Americans , get engaged ! '' wrapped in a star-heavy discourse that uses a lot of words to say nothing new .
Redford 's most overtly political film to date unfolds as a series of intelligent lectures and patriotic speeches about the lamentable state of the union -LRB- tackling politics , journalism , and education -RRB- but it does n't convince dramatically or artistically .
The filmmakers must have imagined sparky , engaging conversation between these duos similar to a high-speed tennis bout between skillful pros ; what emerges is more comparable to a lazy afternoon table-tennis knockabout in an old people 's home .







@highlight

Despite its powerhouse cast , Lions for Lambs feels like a disjointed series of lectures , rather than a sharp narrative , and ends up falling flat .