Not a life-changing romantic comedy , but it 's funny enough , has charming leads and breezes by in its quick 97 minutes .
Ghost-lite romantic comedy is only so-so .
... neither funny , charming or anything else that will make it a memorable hour and a half of viewing pleasure .
The film -- pinched from Ghost in every relevant particular -- is pretty moderate .
The writing is intelligent , the pratfalls mostly work , and everyone is having a good time .
Well , this could have been a lot worse , instead it 's just a piece of forgettable , mediocre fluff .
sweet jesus
A wild and wicked catfight comic romp as Eva Longoria gets booted up to heaven and returns to planet earth with hell to pay , when she fumes over sharing her man . No , not that one !
Have romantic comedies so run out of ideas that they have to cherrypick other genres for new material ? Hauntings and exorcisms are n't usually the stuff of romantic comedies , but that is exactly what you get in the ridiculously flawed yet funny , Over H
About a dozen other movies have used variations on this plot . And every single one of them has been smarter and more entertaining than Over Her Dead Body .
-LSB- An -RSB- offense of a ghost comedy .
` Over Her Dead Body ' is DOA .
What exactly is the joke here ? She 's a ghost who wants to stop her fiancé from dating a living person . So she 's the bad guy , right ? And what 's her plan ? Just keep talking loudly ? What a big comic set piece that is .
-LSB- A -RSB- clumsy supernatural comedy , dogged by truly lifeless plotting and a near-total lack of chemistry .
There are some flat-out great moments in a largely mediocre film , which is enough to shoot it to the very top of its class - it is midwinter , after all .
This insipid , staggeringly dumb entry from New Line stoops to unprecedented new lows likely to stun even the most jaded cynic .
It 's marketed as a supernatural romantic comedy . The problem is that it 's neither very romantic , nor comedic -- and things are n't appreciably better on the supernatural front .
... a clanking Frankenstein of a movie , stitched together from pieces plundered from the bodies of romantic comedies that went before .
The top-billed star of Over Her Dead Body dies within five minutes of her first appearance , and if the majority of the other characters in the movie suffered a similar fate , I would n't have complained much .
It 's not the dead body you have to worry about in Over Her Dead Body . It 's the dead brain cells : yours .
Ghost gets a romantic-comedy redo with this strained love-triangle tale .
Over Her Dead Body will find its best audience on airplane flights , where viewers will be unable to get up and leave without parachutes .
A desperately unfunny farce that does n't need an audience so much as an exorcist .
Lowell has little to say about loss and love . But there 's a talking parrot , and on some days , that 's enough .
Move over , ` One Missed Call . ' You now face stiff competition for worst movie of the year from ` Over Her Dead Body . '
If it were considered unseemly to speak ill of dead films , then the only thing to recommend about Over Her Dead Body would be the lead actor 's palpable indifference .
`` Over Her Dead Body '' tells the story of an obnoxious and thoroughly unpleasant woman who dies in the first scene and still continues to annoy and aggravate . Unfortunately , it turns out that the film itself suffers from the same condition .
You may remember Noel Coward 's Blithe Spirit . This is Bleh Spirit .
As a fledgling couple , Ashley and Henry fail to generate much on-screen heat . You would hardly notice anything `` romantic '' happening if the characters did n't verbally announce it . The list of tiny yet vital problems could go on ...
Silly , campy and tepid - no hearts 'n' flowers here .
The kindest context in which to put Over Her Dead Body , which was written and directed by Jeff Lowell , is that of a training film , a public display of people trying to master their craft . The best way to see it is not at all .
The tale -LSB- falls -RSB- short on imagination .
Derivative does n't always mean dull , and this madcap paranormal love triangle is charming on its own terms .
Writer/director Jeff Lowell settles for a story that takes a little too long to tell , concocted situations a little too implausible to buy and repartee that occasionally hits the dartboard but never gets close to the bull 's - eye .
The worst night at the movies in this young year .
You ca n't even feel sorry for Henry , because anyone blind enough to want to marry Kate is clearly delusional and deserving of any misery that comes his way .
Body gives us a bunch of people who would be better off dead .
Unfortunately wit-deprived .
For what is essentially a screwball comedy , Over Her Dead Body is surprisingly uninspired , a frothy concept that offers little satisfaction in the way of execution .
The grating presence of Longoria Parker will be enough to ruin the movie for many , but she 's just one of many shortcomings in this romantic comedy , which seriously lacks both romance and comedy .
There was some nasty potential to be mined from Over Her Dead Body 's premise , but the movie simply is n't wicked enough to go anywhere that could really be funny . It 's the Casper of supernatural sex farces .
Blithe Spirit seems an obvious inspiration for this film , which contains touches of Ghost as well . But Over Her Dead Body ultimately belongs in a different category , one usually occupied by straight-to-DVD releases .
Sometimes a movie is so richly , gloriously , flamboyantly stupid that it starts to become fun to watch .
This all plays out pleasantly , predictably , unmemorably , but what do I know ? I 'm a guy . My mind was probably elsewhere .
An unsurprising entry in that hoary micro-genre of romantic comedies to feature a fresh-from-the-corpse disembodied spirit who just ca n't seem to get a move-on .
A wan , sad-eyed romantic comedy .
This is a film that 's completely happy being its silly little self . And if it produces some giggles along the way -- and it does -- it has done its job .
Over Her Dead Body itself is a movie haunted by the annoying , humorless performance of Eva Longoria Parker .
Over Her Dead Body , billed as a romantic com edy fantasy , is in reality a mystery : The Case of the Missing Jokes .
Over Her Dead Body is , if nothing else , a conversation piece . Among the important discussion points it raises are , ` What was Paul Rudd thinking ? ' and ` Does Eva Longoria Parker think ? '
Over Her Dead Body is to romantic comedy what Spam is to meat . But at least with Spam , you get cool packaging .
Parker , who must have phoned in her performance during a weekend break from Desperate Housewives , is simply awful .
Kate is as unlikable a character as I 've ever seen , and watching her attempt to tear apart the lives of Ashley and Henry is n't exactly fun -LRB- let alone entertaining -RRB-
As far as romantic comedies go , the hackneyed Over Her Dead Body falls more towards the bottom of the heap
The Ghosts of Romantic Comedies Past must have visited writer/director Jeff Lowell as he pounded out the screenplay .
Fitfully amusing , but disappoints when you fork out money in a theater to enjoy the delights of the lead actors .
Over Her Dead Body is the kind of date movie that could bring a relationship to a screeching halt . If your date likes it , go back to Match.com .
After these 97 minutes , resting in peace sounds pretty good .
-LSB- Eva Longoria -RSB- brings a Jennifer Lopez level of suck to the screen .
Consider for a moment how this movie might play if it took itself seriously . Would it be better than as a comedy ? I suspect so .
A comedy like this needs actors with crack timing , a script that 's worthy of them and an overall spirit of effervescence . But save for Rudd 's occasional displays of sarcasm , there 's little here that raises a smile , never mind a chuckle .
A languid , thinly sketched and habitually unfunny supernatural comedy .
-LSB- A -RSB- stilted , contrived , slapdash collection of lazily acted , badly written scenes thrown together into something that writer-director Jeff Lowell hopes you wo n't notice do n't quite connect to one another ...
Just enough laughs to make it watchable , despite Longoria 's insufferable performance .
... a tired , utterly forgettable effort that boasts little in the way of positive attributes .
Eva looks like one of those creatures from I Am Legend and distracts you from the story . That might have been the plan , and a blessing
` Over Her Dead Body ' is a supernatural romantic comedy that 's guaranteed to make viewers loose their faith in love in this world or the next .
silly in a memorable way .
starts out badly , gets much worse , and then after it is just dull for a while , it veers off into a whole new category of awful .
Over Her Dead Body may be the worst romantic comedy I 've ever seen , although I hesitate to make such a resolute pronouncement about a movie that 's so barely even there .
Rudd and Bell can only goes as far as the director allows , and their efforts are further neutered by an odious supporting performance from Jason Biggs and Longoria 's grating turn as a vengeful , horrible actress . I mean spirit .
A stumbling romantic lark about a bubbly psychic who throws down with the shrill ghost of her boyfriend 's former fiancee , Over Her Dead Body is a stiff of a supernatural comedy .
For what it is -- a romantic comedy about the rivalry between a jealous ghost and a flaky psychic for the love of a veterinarian -- Over Her Dead Body is not bad .
A harebrained rom-com diversion offering few laughs and little romance .
Norman Z. McLeod , Constance Bennett , Roland Young , Alan Mowbray , and Co. must be turning over in their graves to see this is what their brilliance in the first two `` Topper '' film has wrought .
This January has been surprisingly pain-free , a rarity for sure , but this heap brings matters back to a stark reality .
A one-eyelash-above-average supernatural rom-com .
The quirky romantic comedy works largely because of good writing , and Rudd 's deadpan delivery of same . That he can do so as slapstick erupts around him makes it all the funnier .
Unlike its stubborn corpse bride , Over Her Dead Body will decompose quickly in the memory before fading forever into video oblivion .
What 's really spooky is that even the weakest Desperate Housewives episode packs more heat than this tepid romantic comedy-fantasy .
The movie 's visuals and ghost jokes are a waste of time , but the delightfully kooky Bell and the wry Rudd occasionally strike spontaneous sparks .
This charmless , mediocre romantic comedy with supernatural overtones is nearly laughless .
Writer-director Jeff Lowell could have gone many different ways with this idea -- the screwball comedy of Heaven Can Wait , say , or even the wistful , unabashed romanticism of Ghost -- but he takes the low road more often than not .
A viciously boring retread of every movie you 've ever seen in which dead people come back to watch over their loved ones .
Thoroughly unoriginal and screams of desperation . Over Her Dead Body is a fitting title ; this is a DOA dud .
None of it makes sense -- logically , emotionally or dramatically .
Proves that Longoria Parker can be as annoying as she is beautiful .
This stale comedy about a vengeful ghost would be depressing if it were n't so disposable .
The line is fine between cute and annoying .
There 's just no end to America 's love affair with blandness , is there ?
This is no career high , but it 's impossible to actively dislike Rudd .
Blithe Spirit with all the blitheness and spirit sucked out .
Even the worst movies are capable of bending the laws of time . Still , there 's something really special about the way Over Her Dead Body makes its 93 minutes seem more like nine hours .
Based on a contrived premise to begin with , romantic ghost comedies are a tricky genre , calling for inspired writing , light touch , charming performances , all of which are in short supply here .
... so bland , lifeless and unimaginative I wanted to poke the screen to make sure it was really there .
Disappointing comedy that struggles to overcome the combination of unlikeable characters , a poorly judged , largely unfunny script and a distinct lack of chemistry between the leads .
For a pure shot of cinematic depression , nothing quite tops opening credits that end with '' ... and Jason Biggs . ''
While not horrifically bad , it 's as mediocre a motion picture as you 're likely to find in a multiplex this season .
It 's one of those movies you want to dismiss but ca n't bring yourself to turn away from .
For all its faults , Over Her Dead Body offers at least a few sporadic laughs , which automatically makes it one of the less awful January-February releases .
Everything about the movie is as clunky and unimaginative as the title .








@highlight

With few laughs and little romantic chemistry , Over Her Dead Body lacks the ingredients of a successful romantic comedy .