Certainly bears a superficial resemblance to Ratatouille , but it 's a better film in several ways .
It amounts to less than the sum of its artfully conceived parts but remains a nice and visually interesting film .
To gegonos oti sto eikosalepto mporei na se riksei se bathy ypno , mporei na einai kai to kalytero kamoyflarisma aytoy toy anapanteha anepeisodiakoy ki anyperblita baretoy kinoymenoy ap ' ta shediastika grafeia tis Universal Animation , poy den ehei kan to t
The film looks great and the story is interesting enough for adults . It may be a little too complex and intense for young children .
Bland , over-stuffed , chaotic and ultimately underwhelming for both kids and adults .
The cinematic equivalent of a cozy bedtime story , warmly told with loving care .
Ego , fear and loathing will come between friends and drive family members apart in a surprisingly sophisticated journey for a kiddie flick .
Scratch a CGI fairytale and you 'll find an allegory about class , particularly if rodents are involved .
If you 're an animation fan , do n't wait for the DVD - The Tale Of Despereaux deserves to be seen on the big screen .
There are no cheesy pop-culture gags or similarly wacky wisecracks ; the emphasis is purely on action and adventure , and it pays off wonderfully by the end .
A thoroughly engaging , slightly offbeat adventure with solid themes running through it
For animation fans looking for a little more class and a lot less of the commonplace crass , this makes for a decent timepass .
We may now never see the movie that captures the delicate grace of DiCamillo 's story . ... -LSB- But it -RSB- is still a delightful , entertaining time at the movies .
There 's nothing actually wrong with Despereaux , but there 's nothing all that right with it either .
A beautifully animated film with a gorgeous soundtrack .
Better than this year 's critical darling ` Wall-E ' .
It just tries to take a little bit from some of the things we 've seen over the past few years that have worked to make this work and it 's just desperate and it does n't work .
It 's like Ratatouille meets Upstairs Downstairs to go sort of cross-generational but it did n't work really on any level .
The animation quality is first rate .
While the film 's heart is certainly in the right place , and while certain moments exude honest warmth and refreshingly direct truth , on the whole there is nothing about this computer animated epic that remotely sets it apart from the crowd .
The story has a kind of primal , childlike sweetness , even as it grows unexpectedly complicated .
This creature is stirring . And yes , he 's a mouse .
What wins us over is Despereaux himself , whose courage and heart are as big as his ears .
These days , unique characters with multi-dimensional personalities and the most complex movie relationships are found in animated features .
The animation is striking precisely because it does n't look like a cartoon ... It 's a fairy tale world that seems to sprawl beyond the edges of the screen .
Parents beware , DespereauxL is not for the little ones . But it is a good one for age 10 on up .
this movie really is n't a tale of Despereaux at all . It could have been as accurately called The Tale of Soup
... this jumbled display of rats and mice and a princess is much too dark and frustratingly uneven that very few will find joy in this story of a mouse , a rat and a servant girl .
Touching , beautiful tale is an excellent family film .
. The plot is too convoluted and there are too many characters to keep track of .
In her book , DiCamillo gracefully weaves together several plot strands , something the movie -- with less time and , I suspect , less storytelling ingenuity -- ca n't do .
-LSB- The directors -RSB- ca n't quite locate a core of buoyant energy in the film as a whole .
The life has been sucked out of DiCamillo 's story .
The Tale of Despereaux may not be a classic , but it still has a lot of class .
Despereaux is a little too desperate to be loved .
There 's precious little space in Despereaux 's tale for heroism -LRB- save for the third act -RRB- and humor .
-LSB- The directors -RSB- give their film a stately pace that 's a pleasant break from the usual sugared-up kids ' mayhem .
Their gentle care and attention help fill out this sweet tale . So , too , do the background artists who have created wonderfully intricate universes for the different rodents to inhabit .
Somber , slow and elegant instead of frantic and dazzling . It works like a beloved fairy tale .
Flat-footed when it should be fleet , scary when it means to be exciting , and only intermittently emotionally effective , The Tale of Despereaux does a disservice to Kate DiCamillo 's well-regarded children 's book .
It 's charming , with gorgeous , painterly animation and a heartfelt story .
Despereaux is a rare creature , not only for the handmade look and subtlety of its computer-generated imagery but also for its irony-free embrace of once-upon-a-time storytelling .
Warm , wise CG animated fable .
Like the old adage about too many cooks , The Tale of Despereaux is full of ideas , but the combination is more perturbing than satisfying .
This is a kid 's flick that is extremely dark , contains very little humor and actually plays off as a well written drama that just happens to be animated .
Yes , rodents are in the kitchen again , which begs unfortunate comparisons to Ratatouille but does n't spoil this sweet -- albeit overstuffed -- concoction .
It definitely has some charms and enough action and intrigue to keep the kids interested â '' and enough of both to ensure that their parents are n't completely bored .
The film dispenses entirely with the bathroom humor that has become a standard element in so much kids entertainment .
The imagery is colorful and artfully rendered , but the filmmakers , favoring technological wizardry over story , have beefed up the narrative with teeming rodent civilizations , a seafaring sequence , and gladiatorial action pieces .
Despereaux is a pleasantly immersive , beautifully animated , occasionally sleepy tale .
A skillfully managed fairy tale about a mouse , a rat , and fairy tales in general .
A film that seems less interested in telling a story than in moralizing to its young audience about the value of individuality , the danger of prejudging someone , the folly of jumping to conclusions , the joys of altruism , the sorrows of pettiness .
I admired the craft more than I loved the results . But The Tales of Despereaux is still better-than-average animation .
The Tale of Despereaux only saves itself from being one of the worst films of the year by being one of the most instantly forgettable .
A dour , barely adequate adaptation of Kate DiCamillo 's Newberry Medal-winning book . Unless you 're desperate to get the kids out of the house , wait for the dvd .
Parental Content Review
Computer-animated , painterly adaptation of the Newberry Award-winning children 's novel is a blunt sword of moral lessons with a character more insufferable than inspiring .
While it meanders on its way to the requisite happy ending , the lush , stylised animation and courtly flourishes would win over anyone .
While it 's not animated with the breathless pizazz of a Pixar , ` Despereaux ' is all the more affecting and dramatically successful for its contemplative pace and measured delivery of information . A lovely film .
Visually it 's special , but while the characters may inhabit a wonderful environment , they just do n't inhabit a satisfying narrative .
This stirring animated family film raises the bar for intricate plotting yet may be too scary for the preschool set .
The rodent worlds are painted with flair and invention , but the characters - with the noble exception of Watson 's princess - are as dull as dishwater .
It is supposed to be a heart-melter , but my heart stayed the temperature of a phial of liquid nitrogen left overnight on the surface of Pluto .
Youngsters for whom attention deficit disorder is the norm may struggle without a regular rush of easy laughs , but for more discerning anklebiters it 's very satisfying fare .
This film is a triumph and will delight everyone in your family . Superb .
For all its faults , it ranks among the liveliest , best-looking and most imaginative films of the year . And not only small children will love that mouse .
It is all nicely animated , and has a great voice cast , but is not really special or magical enough to really crack the ultra-competitive kiddie animation market .
The film is full of charm , wit and pictorial panache .
A long story , and one more likely to work its charm on kids than on their parents .
Not a Fractured Fairy Tale , not an ironic deconstruction ... but a sincere morality tale in a folk storytelling mode , with dark themes to do the Grimm Brothers proud .
Unlike the more smart-alek Shrek , this modern fairy tale is more one for families/children despite its sophisticated narrative and enchantingly quirky touches .
The Tale of Despereaux 's heart is in the right place , but the script is messy and unfocussed , the animation is dull and uninspired , the characters are boring and the film manages to completely waste the talents of its fantastic cast .
Laboured and disjointed , the film has none of the charm of a Ratatouille or a Shrek , but seems derivative of them .
Humour , fantasy and drama swirl together , but the blending is far from seamless , ''
The Tale Of Despereaux may be a little slow for the very youngest kids -- though the messages it imparts are certainly ones you 'll want them to hear .
So a queen dies by rat tainted soup ? I guess that 's what the kids are into these days .
The visuals are rich and inviting but a complicated three-part story makes an uneasy transition to screen for the well-loved book by Kate DiCamillo .
An absolutely wonderful animated screen version of a Newbery award-winning children 's book about courage , love , light , and forgiveness .
with Pixar 's advances towering on one side and classic Disney features on the other , this wan little picture might just as well slip , mouselike , into the cracks .
It 's a beautiful film , but in the end , Despereaux is esthetically charmed but dramatically inert .
May be the most beautiful animated film ever ... As storytelling , though , it 's messy , a fairy tale that can not decide on a tone or narrative approach .
It takes a long time to find its way ; even once it 's on track , it has a hard time juggling the shifting story lines and characters .
A curiously lifeless motion picture , its emotional content so stuffy and its tone so understated that it almost becomes a chore to sit through .
Whereas the gorgeous , sophisticated Ratatouille was both a crowd-pleaser and a critical favorite , duly winning the Academy Award for best animated feature , Despereaux feels obvious , preachy and heavy-handed .
While the story does not quite come to magical life , the themes of courage , hope and decency are sweetly inspiring .
The lesson learned from The Tale of Despereaux is that an overabundance of vocal talent does not a good cartoon make .
While it meanders on its way to the requisite happy ending , the lush , stylised animation and courtly flourishes would win over anyone .
It 's frustrating to watch Tale flounder as much as it does , but when the filmmakers do n't seem particularly comfortable with the source material , it does n't invite the viewer inside to experience any potential magic .
Unlike so many animated films that are clogged with trendy pop-culture references , the filmmakers recall older tales with a wink and a nod .
Rata-terrible .
Unusual animated fable - about a courageous mouse that saves a kingdom - suffers from an over-abundance of story but has its heart in the right place .
The Tale of Despereaux looks like an illuminated manuscript brought to life . Too bad the story 's such a mess .
The Tale of Despereaux is one of the most beautifully drawn animated films I 've seen , rendered in enchanting detail and painterly colors by an art department headed by Oliver Adam .
The all-star voice cast , led by Broderick 's sweet and noble reading of the title mouse , is superb .
The Tale of Despereaux gathers a host of vocal talent for a relatively complicated story of heroism and loyalty , requiring that its young audience pay attention and is all the more rewarding for it -LRB- for kids and grown-ups -RRB- .
Clumsily wedged in like a TV commercial between deafening stunts , the emotional storytelling sinks without a trace .
Like many good cute cartoon movies for young kids , Despereaux is really a covert call to rebellion , dissent and heresy .
It 's hard to care what happens to Princess Pea when she 's just a whiny British toff , waiting for a prince with a phallic-looking noggin to save her .
-LSB- A -RSB- n absolute delight , sweetly inventive and surprisingly dark and dedicated to making you forget how many times we 've seen similar stories before ... with its wit and cleverness ...
A nice-looking , respectable but oddly unsatisfying family fable .
The Tale of Despereaux looks like it was made about 10 years ago and , at a time when even mediocre animated films can generally boast a stunning look , this movie 's uninspired animation is a source of disappointment .
an animated film for both kids and adults that is vibrant , complex , and fearless in its depiction of the good , the bad , and the careless in all of us
In a post-Ratatouille world , an animated film about rodents and fine cuisine is the exact opposite of original .
This graphically well-rendered kidpic is less crass and mouthy than many recent feature-length toons , but also more sluggish and ungainly as it tries to approximate DiCamillo 's singularly delicate tone .
A somewhat charmless affair which , while striking to look at , fails to come to dramatic life .
The magic is minuscule in this handsome-looking but drearily told animated tale .
Despereaux feels hand-drawn but better , cartoony in all the right ways and lushly , perfectly stylized .



@highlight

Despite its striking visuals , The Tale of Despereaux as a story feels familiar and unimaginative .