Audiences may not get too excited about devastated people who conduct their social lives at the local Dairy Queen .
Winter Solstice is an intense drama and all the action is internal . LaPaglia is such a fine actor and every nuance of his bottled up Jim comes through , as he struggles to not only be a good father , but to find a direction in his own life .
Winter Solstice thrives solely on how much understatement you can actually handle in a movie .
... a gem ...
Something that 's increasingly rare : a stringently subtextual drama ... when they finally arrive , the epiphanies are small ones .
Solstice offers solace . It is quiet , understated and powerful as a single chapter in several changing lives .
Sternfeld started with well-conceived characters and simply did n't succeed in making them flesh . These people have traits instead of personalities ; goals instead of dreams .
Ultimately undercut by its fictional elements and its flat characters .
To read between the lines in Winter Solstice , you better bring a magnifying glass .
Such a low-key drama that I 'm not sure anything happens in it at all .
This movie deserves to be seen -- and learned from . It captures the moments in which each of us stares out across an emptiness , searching for a connection that will keep us from falling .
Give Winter Solstice some credit for taking an unexpected route .
Scene after scene of halting conversations , meaningful glances and awkward pauses that will leave you as cold as the ominous title implies .
A slice-of-life film that , while well-acted , is n't compelling enough to rise to a tale to which you 'd want to give two hours of your undivided attention .
It 's the kind of narrow-gauged drama that either will drive you crazy or absorb you in its low-key rhythms . Mostly , I went along for the ride .
The filmmaker understands that quiet desperation is often more moving than noisy suffering .
Flashy it certainly ai n't , but there 's no discounting the value of a decent story well told , especially these days .
The chill in the air is deadening for the viewer .
We 've seen the same material in umpteen other films , and we 've learned everything about the characters during the first third of the movie .
It has everything an indie film could desire -- except for a compelling plot or dramatic tension .
The title is too cutesy and clever , but it 's about the only unsubtle aspect of this poignant , humble drama that 'll probably get lost amid the multiplex bombast , but should n't .
A small diamond among so much emotional zirconia .
Empty people leading lonely lives - if there was some character growth this might be more compelling , but without that , the movie seems a bit empty as well .
The texture of naturalism in `` Winter Solstice '' is impressive ... but the lulling rhythms seem to exist for their own sake .
In an impressive feature debut , director-screenwriter Josh Sternfeld takes an observant , nuanced look at human behavior .
Anthony LaPaglia does understated wonders ... He could beat David Duchovny in an underacting contest . Few movies score so many true moments . And few add up to less .
This is the kind of long , dull Winter that makes you wish summer would get here right away , bringing with it the comforting prospect of getting to watch a car blow up or something . Anything .
Brickbat .
An extraordinary film about ordinary people , a lovely chamber-music piece in an era dominated by bombastic symphonic-scaled movies .
It is satisfying to see fine actors express emotions in a completely relatable way , but the dimensions of the sorrows and understanding depicted do n't really make for much dramatic excitement .
... while our brains quickly comprehend Sternfeld 's point , our hearts never quite get the message .
It may take viewers awhile to recognize just how good Winter Solstice is .
The performances are excellent ...
This kind of conceptual and directorial control is n't as easy to accomplish as it might look , and it 's particularly welcome in this era of overheated hysteria , both on the screen and off .
Granted , we 're not wild about hams who try to flood the theater with emotion , but having them bottle up everything while they stand around looking gloomy is n't the answer , either .
The atmosphere of awkward , wounded retreat in the Winters house comes through in Josh Sternfeld 's tentative , earnest dialogue and in the quiet , unadorned way the movie is shot .
What elevates the film from the mundanity of the character arcs -- if you can call them that -- are the numerous moments of silence .
This is minimalist filmmaking at its finest -- beautifully acted , dramatically fulfilling , often funny and achingly true .
A lovely , quiet drama that slowly unravels layers of pain and frustration .
What 's missing is any real drama -- there 's no protagonist/antagonist conflict . . ; there 's little fresh in the observations of mourning and the perennial parent/child tug-of-war .
Not the most compelling or immediately satisfying storytelling , but it 's intriguingly real .
Director Sternfeld 's sense of drama is so underdeveloped that he pretends swirling characters in inert tornadoes of grief is enough for a coherent plot .
We learn little about the characters other than that they 're bored and restless .
Set in New Jersey and it plays like a minor Springsteen song -- work , yearning , misunderstanding , a crummy car , moving on .
The characters interact through lowered gazes , the shuffling of feet , the semi-grunted , ` hey , ' of greeting followed by a responding ` hey . '
As haunting and memorable as it is quiet and unassuming .
An exquisite and sublime experience that speaks to us with an honesty and a subtle power that is rarely captured on film .
The movie is not plot-driven , for which we must be thankful , because to force their feelings into a plot would be a form of cruelty . The whole point is that these lives have no plot .
Writer/director Josh Sternfeld has a feel for life 's little interactions -- the moments before or after Big Things Happen , otherwise known as : most of the time .
-LSB- A -RSB- wise , perceptive film about loss and recovery that ... recognizes that ... this is a very personal process that everyone muddles through in his or her own way .
A quivering portrait of a grief-stricken family , all male , after the loss of a wife and mom .
This is a real triumph of storytelling and character .
such a sure handed , well-paced and believable film drama that it belies Josh Sternfeld 's novice filmmaking status
In the end , it 'll warm your heart .
Individual scenes play beautifully without adding up to anything , stranding the actors in an emotional vacuum that drains the life from their performances .
A quiet , honestly observed character study , Winter Solstice is a small-scale triumph for writer/director Josh Sternfeld .
The narrative is simple , the dialogue spare and the performances low-key , yet there 's real resonance to the film .
Winter Solstice is a well-built machine that dunks you into a big warm vat of sadness .
A gracefully understated drama about a widower trying to help his sons - and himself - heal after a tragedy .
Filmed as flatly as it is scripted , Winter Solstice has little to say about family dynamics because it just does n't do enough to individuate this potentially interesting household of grieving , unsatisfied men .
So much is unspoken and this slice of reality is so thin and slow as to make the film downright unsatisfying .
Winter Solstice is a small , intimate , film that is going to stay with you for a long time .
A graceful ensemble piece with effective performances from the entire cast .
Winter Solstice is n't a bad movie , not by a long shot . But then , it 's not a very interesting one either , not by a long shot .
Winter Solstice is the kind of ambling , event-free family drama that will either draw audiences in with its gentle , understated power or quietly bore them out of their skulls .
This mature , assured piece of work relays as much information by what is n't said as by what is .
Gently told , beautifully acted tale about a widowed landscape gardener who 's afraid his growing sons are making all the wrong starts in life . As quietly dazzling as a small , very precious stone .
You come to admire the way Winter Solstice delivers its emotional impact by showing more than telling .
Story of a still-grieving widower and his two troubled teenage sons is distinguished by its emotional integrity , sustained mood of aching melancholy and superbly understated performances .
The blind faith of youth flies in the face of a grieving father 's stubborn refusal to engage life and delivers a simple message of hope and sunny days to come . .
An engrossing film about the renewal that comes to a family that has been mourning a loved one for a long time .
Every now and then the mood piece Sternfeld is after flickers briefly into life , only to slump back into inertia .
A realistic drama that looks and feels as inevitably true and moving as a good documentary .
Ambiance-rich pic about the New Jersey father of two teen sons .
What makes Winter Solstice , a nice little Jersey vignette about a widower and his two teenage sons , so striking is writer-director Josh Sternfeld 's respect for the verbal shorthand of family interaction .
The small , ultra-modest , well-acted `` Winter Solstice '' offers a poignant look at the effects of loss on a father and his two sons as they try to establish a new life
There are nice touches to growth and good-byes here .
Radiates airless artificiality .



@highlight

A deliberately paced , realistic portrait of a family 's grief and healing .