The film is atmospheric and do n't expect rich togas , this is plain homespun here .
A somber , moving portrait of one of the early church 's most significant figures , who led the way at a time when Christians were being burned alive in the streets of Rome , or condemned to death in the arena .
This drama is based on the Bible .
`` An impressively made and portrayed story of forgiveness and faith during a time of fear and persecution . ''
Chalk this dreary biblical drama up as a worthy companion piece to Mary Magdalene .
The cinema of Holy Week does not necessarily have to be a hair shirt for the eyes , but this film is and with viciousness . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Though there are a few subplots involving healing , miracles and First Century Roman politics which usher in some dodgy acting , the substance to be found in the main story ... is undeniably of interest .
Watching this amazing film about history and drama will remain in your mind and thoughts days after seeing it in the theater . Do n't miss it .
Curiously staid and undramatic ... wordy and somber rather than propulsive , thereby minimizing the urgency of Paul 's life in contrast to what it portrays as his ultimate message of hope and forgiveness .
Well-crafted and solidly dramatic , the film rises above recent shoddy , preachier Biblical renderings .
One of the film 's greatest strengths is its visual execution , which bathes characters in dramatic light and shadow .
Instead of an informative film about the greatest ordinary man in the history of Christianity , this is a complete fiction about his last few weeks on earth , about which nobody knows anything , with a silly Hollywood B story thrown in . Greatly disappointing
Largely devoid of sensationalism , a film that delves quietly into substantive issues of belief and forgiveness .
Impressive performances and production values but stuffed-to-the-gills with plot , the Bible film might have flourished more as a TV series .
Thanks to the smaller moments between various character pairings , `` Paul , Apostle of Christ '' ends up working . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , etc. - also Available -RRB-
Fresh . Barely . Some Christian movies are very good . Others have more in common with Hallmark TV channel movies . This one lies somewhere in between .
Fails to fully develop the stakes at hand , but it features more thoughtful world-building than most faith-based films , as well as a bracing honesty about the difficulty of reconciling idealistic credos with a harsh and unforgiving world .
A handsomely-mounted production with good performances and minimal dramatic tension .
A faith-based , snuff flick with little appeal beyond the Bible-thumping demographic .
A conventional but emotionally honest take on this story . Jim Caviezel 's performance is a stand out and the emotional anchor of the film . Full Review in Spanish
A few minutes of thriller-like tension early on gives way to a lot of tediously scripted scenes of whisper-acting that rarely breathe life and humanity into what should be a potent turning point story in a religion 's history .
It tries mightily to achieve a balance among all of the above themes but lacks cohesion , and at times it is unclear who this film was made for .
The film 's simple , redundant , but valuable moral lesson to its audience finds comfortable enough expression in an aesthetic that 's banal but impressively consistent .
Caviezel gives a stoic performance as the brave and selfless Luke . Lynch and Whalley are excellent as the husband and wife Christian community leaders Aquila and Priscilla . Costumes , sets , cinematography and editing are all first-rate .
`` Paul , Apostle of Christ '' struggles to find a compelling entry point to a critical period in the early Christian church ...
Pious but dramatically weak .
Biblical drama has bloody violence , lacks depth .
The most dramatically and thematically interesting material emerges from the agonized deliberations of the Roman Christians ... the prospect and the plausibility of violence in the name of Christ is treated with a level of complexity welcome in such a film .
A well-produced biblical drama that gets bogged down by it 's snail pace and lack of focus on Paul himself . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A harsher script edit that forced characters to get to the point of a scene more quickly might have helped , as might more of a focus on the life of Paul himself
`` Paul , Apostle of Christ '' offers both solace and a bracing , even revolutionary , challenge .
It 's as if Scorsese had devoted an entire feature to Jake LaMotta as a fat dude working on his comedy routine , with the occasional fleeting flashback to the ring .
A film that labours hard under the weight of its earnest intentions .
All this Italian-set melodrama feels hokey , cooked up and , in the end , not what we want to be seeing .
-LSB- James -RSB- Faulkner does a brilliant job of portraying the former persecutor of Jesus ' followers . -LSB- Jim -RSB- Caviezel , in a welcome change from his more solemn performances in film and television , is an animated friend and scribe to Paul .
Handsomely mounted but dramatically flat account of the last days of the Apostle while in prison in Rome .

@highlight

Paul , Apostle of Christ proves a well-intentioned yet disappointingly diffuse interpretation of a Bible story whose flashes of potential never come close to living up to the source material .