Wilkinson and Watson give sharply observed performances , that do n't allow the film to become a sudser .
`` Separate Lies '' is a hearty mystery/drama that blooms as a succinct social critique of British aristocracy .
A fascinating character study of lies , truth and the consequences
Separate Lies seems to take forever to unfold , and when it does , it makes one wonder if it was worth the trouble .
At the mercy of material so fussy that no amount of frenetically-chopped vegetables can lend the piece much in the way of tension .
... Fellowes , who won a much deserved Oscar for his screenplay for Gosford Park , makes a fine directing debut with this updated variation on a classic theme ...
What lies underneath does n't surprise . But it 's fascinating to watch that peeling as it happens .
This may seem like a bleak ride , but the performances are so compelling that it 's impossible to look away .
Julian Fellowes turns out to be every bit as good a director as he is a writer .
A solidly made but strangely lightweight drama .
Julian Fellowes is two for two .
Engaging drama that does n't quite pull off its transition from thriller to emotional drama , but compensates with strong performances , particularly from Tom Wilkinson .
This intriguing Brit entry starts out as a sort of suburban whodunit and then mutates into something else entirely -- an examination of a middle-class marriage and ultimately a meditation on selfless love .
Separate Lies would have you believe it 's a potent brew when , in fact , it 's little more than weak tea .
Lose the final plot twist , and Separate Lies is a tidy and wholly effective drama .
Fellowes is so committed to the artistic means of naturalism , and so judicious , that his work is absorbing in a way that movies of broader scope almost never are .
You 'll find it hard to keep the proverbial stiff upper lip when the overheated melodrama on the screen is prompting you to laugh out loud .
The movie actually begins with a voiceover explaining , ` No life is perfect , though it may seem to be . ' Um , wow . Excuse me while I go stop the presses .
Watson and , in particular , Wilkinson masterfully create complex and engrossing portraits . Everett is not as successful , never making Bule any more than an arrogant sourpuss .
A chilly , intelligent and absorbing drama about infidelity , ethics and forgiveness .
It 's as grown-up as a movie can get , with a fine cast in a strongly crafted tale about the calamities that can wreck a relationship and the love that can redeem it .
As exceptional as Wilkinson is , Separate Lies only comes together as a chilly , bloodless drama .
A vigorous drama that will deliver for mature adults .
The sort of story that has so much integrity of storytelling technique on its mind that it pays little heed to its essential lack of satisfaction with any of the characters .
Wilkinson roars through Separate Lies with all the bitter tenacity of a successful man blindsided by the news that everything in his life is not an unqualified triumph .
Workaholic James Manning 's last name seems meaningful , at least as a verb .
As a very British film about very British personalities , class differences and attitudes , it 's just about perfect .
There 's something to be said for ` nice ' , but this goes beyond proper . Everybody seems flat and unemotional - it 's more like postcard people living in a postcard town .
Fellowes -LRB- the writer of Robert Altman 's Gosford Park -RRB- smartly does n't allow the story to get out of control , rather , tells it straight retaining an elegant credibility .
It 's a rare film that makes you both think and feel .
The deceptions of Separate Lies are so uniquely and recognizably human they become a cautionary warning to us all .
The characters shift positions and explanations , presenting their ` separate lies ' in a manner that ultimately adds up to an ugly truth .
Fellowes , main scripter of Gosford Park , adapted Nigel Balchin 's novel , then directed and cast the film superbly .
Three impeccably cast actors are fully engaged in something like a psychological thriller that has much of the crushing weight and lingering pain of grown-up life on this Earth .
A tight little film that 's so painfully civil it makes you want to slap the characters around , which may be the point .
As always , Fellowes has a pitch-perfect ear for British diction .
Rich with irony and themes ; never contrived ; Fellowes is a mature , intelligent , in-control filmmaker
This is a look at the choices we make , the resulting mistakes and complicity , selfish acts that may be selfless , transgressions and forgiveness that can bind people together as much as separate them .
This morally ambiguous tale of dangerous liaisons and bewildering choices amounts to one of the year 's most intriguing dramas .
A challenging , intelligent adult chiller .
Although the characters might seem controlled , Wilkinson and Watson ... lend realism to the roles , and we believe they could be a married couple .
A witty , insightful drama about the compromises people make and what those compromises cost them .
Allows its cast to create fascinating characters we 're genuinely interested in , even if they 're not entirely likeable
If movies have taught us anything , it 's that adultery is never more dreary than when the British are doing it . Especially when they 're rich .
Everything about SEPARATE LIES is deliciously underdone and perfect . ... a great story , wonderfully acted .
Sometimes the best thing you can do as a director is to find -LRB- or write -RRB- a solid screenplay , cast excellent actors , and let those elements work their sorcery together .
A complex , marvelously acted , Harold Pinter-like tale of infidelity .
Fellowes has brought intelligence and control to the eternally vexing question of whether the right thing is always the good thing .
A film with a lot to say about the human condition .
No one in the film seems to be thinking with a brain or emoting with a heart , so most of the decisions seem random .
It 's the subtle , tricky ways in which Fellowes subverts the expected -- and unexpected -- in this high-end domestic thriller that make the film so much dark , roiling fun .
Mixed but affecting .
Fellowes has an appreciation for the relaxing air of the English countryside -- if only these characters were n't blocking the view .
The movie is not so much about the solution to this crime , as about the ethics involved in taking responsibility .
It ca n't decide if it 's a bloated TV program or a truncated feature .
A stiff-upper-lip melodrama that 's semi-spoiled by a disappointing bit of miscasting .
This sophisticated mystery that is n't that mysterious is a bit too civilized for my coarser American tastes .
The whole thing 's been pushed too far until you 're not quite sure whether you 're meant to be watching a drama , a whodunnit or a twit on England 's wealthy .
The directorial debut of Gosford Park scripter Julian Fellowes is taut , tense and nerve-rattling without indulging in much more than emotional action .
Less than an hour-and-a-half long , this compelling tale of trust , honesty and what it means to do the right thing probes gently , yet cuts deep .
To watch the film is to marvel at the cast 's virtuosity at fleshing out the shallowest people in England .
A precise exam of the human condition such as this is the greatest of cinematic pleasures .
A picture that starts out pure acquires a distinct taint , and ends up seeming as false as the fibs under scrutiny .
Though it 's not much more than an haute-bourgeois morality play about the inadequacy of bourgeois morals , that 's plenty in view of the small but terrific ensemble at Fellowes ' disposal .
Ultimately , this is a film for serious-minded adults with enough relationship experience to understand and accept the unprecedented twists and turns romance can take -- for better or for worse .
The acting in this adult drama is uniformly superb , and it is rare that a film reveals the secret and unpalatable innards of married life so honestly .
Graphically shows what a trap we weave by deception .
With Separate Lies , Fellowes has made a truly adult film -- not because of its content or themes , but because it knows that real drama often lies in the accepted and unspoken realms of life .
If there 's pleasure to be derived from the misfortunes of others , then Julian Fellowes ' wickedly entertaining adaptation of Nigel Balchin 's nearly forgotten 1951 novel is a barrel of fun .
Separate Lies is a soufflé that begins promisingly but never quite rises .
A neat , twisty little domestic drama about smart people , foolish choices .
A riveting morality play about the slippery slope of deception and the folly of dividing the world simplistically into those who are good and those who are evil .
Reliably wonderful Wilkinson and Watson bring honest , heartbreaking performances to a thought-provoking script by Gosford Park-er Julian Fellowes .
a somewhat stuffy British production whose boilerplate melodrama leaves little room for a revelatory examination of selfishness , sneakiness , self-preservation , and sacrifice
Separate Lies , the directorial debut of Julian Fellowes , is so busy constructing its labyrinthine plot that it often forgets to plumb the souls of its characters .
Writer-director Julian Fellowes fashions an elegant moral conundrum that 's as fraught with intrigue as any Le Carre novel .
Wilkinson 's James shines with a complex humanity one seldom encounters on the screen .
Wilkinson once again astonishes with his ability to convey weakness and strength , hypocrisy and gallantry , cruelty and compassion in the same male animal .
Does n't quite set motivations at the required angles .
Julian Fellowes makes a splendid debut as a director with this mesmerizing look at sex , lies and infidelity among the British upper crust .
An intimate marriage melodrama in the tasteful tradition of Merchant-Ivory Masterpiece Theater , with a touch of Pinter -LRB- Betrayal -RRB- and Joseph Losey -LRB- Accident -RRB- thrown in
It 's a Choose Your Own Adventure as imagined by Jackie Collins .
The focus is steady and intense , the theme clearly delineated and subtexts well thought out .
Masterpiece Theater for the 21st Century .





@highlight

Though the characters in this tasteful adult drama keep a stiff upper lip , the moral dilemmas are nuanced and the emotional pain feels real .