-LSB- Tron Legacy -RSB- feels pointless - like a computer in someone 's basement that was built for no purpose other than noodling on , twenty years ago .
Once disbelief is suspended , it 's quite a ride . As with Avatar last year , the reason to see Tron : Legacy is for the experience . Lights flash . Radiating discus hurl through the air in 3D . The music pounds .
Tron : Legacy is a fun popcorn flick if you had the opportunity to catch it on the big screen , but with the digital effects downsized on a DVD format what 's good about the movie does n't emit as much of an effect .
For all its visual snap , there 's no crackle to the story or pop to the characters .
If you choose to see TRON : Legacy , leave your brain at home , and be ready to watch what boils down to a great dramatic Daft Punk music video .
A simple sci-fi thrill ride , in terms of action , visuals , and unpretentious fun .
It 's a legacy of `` TRON '' that its sequel has to be as slow and dense , as humorless and emotionally sterile as its original .
While it was n't everything I was hoping it was going to be , `` Tron : Legacy '' ended up being a fascinating visual experience .
If you examine it closely then the entire film falls apart . But if you go along to enjoy the thrills -LRB- especially when it 's showing in 3D -RRB- and cool action sequences , then you should be thoroughly entertained .
Intricate visual world eventually falls prey to the truth of a cliché : Familiarity breeds contempt
The sequel 's filmmakers have n't managed to solve the problem that blighted the original - namely once we get our characters on the grid , then what ?
The stunts are more spectacular , but what 's more important for a popcorn movie is that a son searching for his father inside a computer game adds a little emotional currency that ups the ante a bit from the first film .
Basically a fanboy 's dream , honoring what 's worth honoring about the original while adding as much as the premise will bear ... -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB-
Worth its while for the next generation special f/x alone , especially when witnessed in 3D .
It 's a reboot and a sequel that pays respect to its roots while also paving its own path in to the annals of science fiction and action cinema ...
A fantastic big screen sensory experience that unfortunately has a plot built entirely from nonsensical technophilosphy wank
A visually-stunning , fast-paced amusement ride .
I 'm not saying do n't bother seeing it , because there 's still some fun to be had from the swaggering , fragmented plot , I 'm just saying that we deserved much better .
If only Disney could always be this kinky .
Disney may be looking for a merchandising bonanza with this long-gestating sequel to the groundbreaking 1982 film , but someone in the corporate offices forgot to add any human interest to its action-heavy script .
A visionary feast for the eyes with a down and dirty score by Daft Punk that 's pitch perfect for the environment .
` Bio-digital jazz , man ! '
Like the original , Tron : Legacy obsesses over technology and style but forgets important details like character and plot .
Tron : Legacy is spectacular and ridiculous , much like its spectacular and ridiculous predecessor , Tron -LRB- 1982 -RRB- .
After a leisurely real-world prologue and a big first-act gladiatorial sequence , the movie comes to a crashing halt -- and never really gets going again prior to the stumbling , muddled climax .
An epic ride .
Even though it makes very little sense , it just looks kind of amazing . And it 's fun .
Best enjoyed in its full 3 :D treatment grandeur and without the cynical gaze of old age .
TRON : Legacy is shallow but beautiful , thrilling but unsatisfying .
The Tron Dude abides .
Idioms are peppered throughout ... never congealing into anything beyond the vague hope that the attempt to tell a story full of mystical import will overcome the many faults made in the telling
A minor guilty pleasure for me because the film really has very little to offer outside of shallow pleasures .
Legacy is sort of a one-trick pony . After you get past the neon-glow costumes , whizzing Frisbee weapons and cyberspace backdrop , there really is n't much to get excited about .
even more enmeshed than its predecessor with questions of human-computer interaction and philosophical conundrums ... but these questions become so dense and filled with shorthand mumbo-jumbo that they cease to capture the imagination by the third reel .
The effects are above average while the plot is a mess . If glitter is enough for you , well have at it !
As hard as I tried to enjoy Tron : Legacy I kept wondering how much longer I would be trapped in the computer world on screen .
Legacy 's upgrade only amplifies the lameness of the original minus its time-capsule likeability .
Even the action scenes did n't have any thrill to them -- this movie does n't involve you at all .
Suffers from ... lot of pompous talk about `` creating a digital frontier that will reshape the human condition '' .
Even the startling appearance ... of a camp , cane-wielding , white-haired-and-suited Michael Sheen ... fails to make it worth your while to hang out ... in this digital world .
Stars Jeff Bridges and Garrett Hedlund play second or third fiddle to the glitz , so place your movie ticket bet on vibrant reds and blues that reach out of the screen to be the main attraction here . It 's all in the eye candy .
It 's all such a rapturous , body-encompassing sensory experience that the sheer pointlessness of the story ... is rather easy to ignore .
the stunt work and action sequences in this Tron sequel are some of the best of the year . It 's just too bad the story is n't on the same level with the action .
... it would have been nice to see a tighter , more action-oriented sequel ... comes dangerously close to drowning itself in back story and narrative .
In the end , this is a travesty of a story and a failure of a sequel , but an absolute triumph for CGI ... it is to the original TRON what Avatar is to Ferngully .
The `` Youngification '' of Jeff Bridges is downright creepy , but groundbreaking . Hedlund does a great job of being the emotional center of this movie . Great visuals are matched by a good story .
The main reason to see this is for its stunning visuals , which look great in 3D . They might not look so impressive in mere 2D .
Garrett Hedlund may be the world 's first live-action , artificial actor .
A vapid and brainless blockbuster that 's exhilarating on a purely aesthetic level , but suffers from laughably stilted dialogue and excessive style over substance .
A fantasy world realized at a high level by a director with a little more on his mind than the size of the pyro budget .
-LSB- At -RSB- a certain point no amount of blue , red , orange , yellow and white color motifs can hide a tired narrative that continually drifts of into sentimentality so ripe you can smell it three screening rooms away .
After the initial awe of the first act wears off , TRON : Legacy becomes a long , slow , and alarmingly uninteresting ride .
Disc wars is the second best visual moment of the year behind the twisting hallway of ` Inception . ' And yes , Daft Punk nails the musical score .
Like its predecessor , the movie has enough dazzling visuals and awesome action to generally compensate for a story that often feels a little thin .
Radical , man . All action and escapist fun , 20 years after its sire , the glorious-looking , totally enjoyable Tron Legacy represents a new height in digital cinema and pure entertainment right down to its amazing Daft Punk score .
Buoyed by its story , sometimes convoluted but hard to resist , ` Legacy ' is a worthy sequel , both in its fantastic look and its admirable sense of wonder .
Most viewers will be wanting their quarters back .
On a 10-point meter comprised of visuals and story where ideally each would consume five points equally , `` TRON : Legacy '' tips the scale in the tech department with eight while only leaving two for humanity .
While it 's something to see and hear , I just wish ` Tron : Legacy ' had the script to accompany all of the spectacle . -LRB- Parental Review also Available -RRB-
Like the original movie , `` Tron : Legacy '' was made to push the boundaries of technology in cinema . It succeeds . The film is a special effects spectacle to behold .
I was 11 when Tron came out , and I was in the theater with my eyes glued to the screen and jaw on the floor . This film brought me back to that fascination and wonder .
There are two great potholes all sequels face and must avoid if they have any hope of succeeding . TRON : Legacy does n't stumble into them so much as jump head first without a parachute .
An entertaining jaunt into the digital dimension , with Jeff Bridges , Jeff Bridges 2.0 , Olivia Wilde , and Michael Sheen 's Mad-Hatter-at-Studio-54 .
Kosinski was probably so excited about getting the opportunity to attach his name to something he enjoyed as a kid , he forgot that the original film is infantile , a show-off for early CGI , and that trying to take infantilism seriously is a major mistake .
It is genuinely exciting to see where this brave new world of CGI and 3D is leading . But on the whole , this is n't really much of a legacy -- or even as much fun as a round of Space Invaders .
Kosinki 's most imaginative 3-D contraptions are stunning , though it 's unfortunate that they do n't show up until we 've slogged through a slow , dreary , middle bursting with overblown political themes .
For a far more thought-provoking tale about the virtual realm , try The Social Network .
It 's a triumph of streamlined design , but TRON : Legacy never enters the fourth dimension where it 's worth a plugged nickel to humans .
Despite all the gloom and grandiosity , this can be a fun movie , particularly for those willing to sit back and let it wash over them .
Tron : Legacy is the kind of sensory-onslaught blockbuster that tends to put me to sleep , the way babies will nap to block out overwhelming stimuli .
TRON : Legacy proves once again that movies can be incubators for exciting technological and F/X advances ... while leaving our need for narrative unsatisfied .
Judged solely as eye-candy , the follow-up , enriched by a superb soundscape crafted by Daft Punk , merits a recommendation . But as optically impressive as it is , it 's also dramatically inert .
TRON Legacy is the Windows Vista of movies - it 's got a beautiful interface , some great bells and whistles , but it does have a few unsightly bugs .
First and foremost , this is a beautiful looking film . The production design is fantastic .
The computer world has rarely felt cosier .
Another weak story with sub-B-movie dialogue , partly compensated for by intensely conceived geometric design and special effects .
Tron : Legacy is a letdown . Let 's hope this misfire marks the `` end of line '' for this fractured faux franchise .
Lots of sizzle , not much soul , and very little sense .
TRON : Legacy is all about the eye candy , and not much else . For the full effect try to get to an IMAX screening of the film , or at the very least , see it in 3D .
The film is visually dazzling , but the main problem is that the script was left of the drawing board . There are endless questions never answered even if one were to ask .
The film is visually dazzling , but the main problem is that the script was left of the drawing board . There are endless questions never answered even if one were to ask .
Tron : Legacy validates those who spent the last 28 years defending the original film as a story worth telling .
The long-awaited sequel to the 1982 cult favorite retains the original 's visual splendor , but not its endearingly geeky spirit .
Techie reboot is visually dazzling but short on story .
Was it really necessary to wait 28 years for a sequel that was n't worth attempting in the first place ?
It should be a simple , straightforward story , but whatever TRON : Legacy tries to say just becomes all the more garbled each time someone opens their mouth .
This is a film for gamers , bikers and other teenage boys at heart .
For a movie showcasing flashy action , the pacing is pokey , weighed down by dull flashbacks and clichéd discussions about embracing the `` digital frontier , '' blah , blah , blah .
Labeling this film a `` disappointment '' really only makes sense if you were expecting it to be good in the first place .
It 's still a soulless machine for making Disney mountains of cash , of course , but you can feel it striving to be more . Which is , at the end of the game , what singularity is all about .
... the story 's filled with cardboard outlines of characters plodding their way through a series of chase and action scenes that do n't add up to anything resembling an original idea
A coffee-table book consisting of full-color screen grabs from ` Tron : Legacy ' would be stunning . But experiencing these images in motion over 125 minutes is more endurance test than revelation ...
The movie has plenty of action , but it is hampered by fits and starts . Dead spots , where characters simply stand around and spew expository dialogue , abound .
The only two things keeping me awake were the cool score by Daft Punk and Michael Sheen 's over-the-top performance as the villainous Zuse .
Stunning visuals , excellent use of 3D and all the digitized cool you can cram into one film . And that Daft Punk score , oh that Daft Punk score .
TRON : Legacy is not a good movie . Not even close . Visually stunning . Yes . The mostly black and white , glow-in-the-dark effects - especially in 3D - are a mind-blow .
Director Joseph Kosinski has a recipe for adventure that should delight gamers . Non-techies are on their own .
... a breathtaking special-effects extravaganza that generally manages to outdo its big-budget cinematic brethren in terms of excitement and audaciousness ...
Tron Legacy is one of the most visually stunning pieces of entertainment ever made . Dear the Academy Awards , please nominate Daft Punk for best original score !
This sci-fi actioner is insufferably dismal , depressing and dull . The story is inscrutable and viewer-alienating . The special effects are unimpressive and the 3D underused .
It will sort of satisfy the fans who have been waiting decades for it to appear , though it is doubtful that they will venerate it to the degree that they did with the first one .
There 's plenty of unintelligible talk about ultra-complicated algorithms in ` Legacy . ' But all you have to know about it is a simple equation : `` Tron x 2 = Bomb Squared . ''
`` Tron : Legacy '' ? How about `` Tron : Tedious , '' instead ?
The only way to see `` Tron : Legacy '' is in IMAX 3-D , so the full visual freakiness can engulf you and be appreciated the way you used to light up at the thought of a laser show set to `` Dark Side of the Moon . ''
For all of its buggy storytelling , `` Tron : Legacy '' plugs into your cerebral cortex and makes it sizzle .
full review at Movies for the Masses
Is it really a legacy when barely anyone remembers the first movie , and most of those who do remember it do not do so fondly ?
`` Tron : Legacy '' may be nice place to visit , but you would n't want to live there .
Watching Tron : Legacy is like witnessing a thermonuclear explosion from inside the mushroom cloud-white hot , dazzlingly intense and indescribably overpowering-pop art unlike any you 've ever seen before .
Aside from conceptually unimaginative , the film is also derivative ... and curiously humorless
Creates an amazing world but does n't populate it with anyone or anything for us to care about .
Como passatempo regado a nostalgia , até que cumpre bem seu objetivo .
Tron : Legacy shows off a world where everything is eye candy , and absolutely nothing is brain candy .
Implementing a color scheme of black on different shades of dark gray with bright neon highlights of blue or red ... the movie is a drab and depressing thing to look at .
A Clockwork Orange as imagined by a Commodore64 .
The initial entry into the cyber world and the high-speed race are highlights of the film . Unfortunately , there 's also a story .
... an entertaining film that tries to make up for its lack of substance with some pretty impressive action set pieces .
Inertia never looked so good .
After a whole year of movies that squandered the potential of 3D , `` Tron : Legacy '' actually uses it to its fullest .
References are made to Tolstoy , Dostoyevsky and Jules Verne , although the film 's unbelievably lame dialogue -LRB- `` biodigital jazz , man '' -RRB- is by former `` Lost '' scribes Adam Horowitz and Edward Kitsis .
If you can get past its absurd premise , this return of Jeff Bridges to the inner computer world of light-cycles and deadly neon Frisbees is an eye-candyriffic holiday treat , with a killer soundtrack and 3-D visuals worthy of the huge screen .
Joseph Kosinski is so happy playing with expensive computers that he neglects to give this movie a heart larger than a peach pit .
The sheer size of the thing works against it : The effects are absolutely spectacular , but they blow the goofy-cheesy quotient straight through the roof .
Even the name seems crass , as if some Disney marketing exec figured that all the studio had to do was slap `` Legacy '' at the end of the old title and the thing would be good to go .
There 's more than a touch of Zeus in Kevin 's white beard and Olympian digs , but , much like Icarus , no one in Tron : Legacy gets to soar too high .
An eye-catching 3-D roller coaster ride propelled by a plot and characters of not even passing interest .
This updated story sinks under the weight of its own mystical mumbo-jumbo and pseudoscience gobbledygook .
TRON : Legacy is beautiful but cold , more machine than man .
The design of the visuals here reflects the huge advances in computer graphics over the last three decades : The landscapes and objects are beautiful and vastly more detailed than in Tron .
I 'm actually going to buy a ticket to see it again . I never do that .
All digital dazzle and little substance .
The first half hour of the film - before it shifts into 3D mode - is pacy and dynamic . After that , it gets sluggish and the visuals - as so often happens in 3D films - are far too dingy .
This comes across as the same kind of pompous drivel that eventually made the Matrix films unbearable .
A wash of light , colour and sound that forgoes the most basic elements of cinema .
Despite -LRB- or maybe because of ? -RRB- all the impressive graphics , first-time director Joseph Kosinski imparts no heat or urgency or need to care .
While it seems less like a parody than the original , it is also silly in a not unpleasing way . I generally have little use for 3-D , but the effects in this film are subtle and well-executed ; as these things go , the least obnoxious ever .
It 's dispiriting to see how little attention the filmmakers have paid to the dramatic -- read human -- possibilities of the original , or how much they 've been overwhelmed by technology 's demands .
The package is shiny and new , but the movie is a hodgepodge of ideas lifted from science-fiction classics , fast-paced action tedium and flimsy connective tissue . It 's bloatware .
All sensation and no feeling .
looks incredible and feels increasingly leaden and cumbersome as the story unfolds
Legacy is a two-hour light show with a lot of flash , a little style , and not one byte of narrative originality .
The `` legacy '' of the title appears to be that of George Lucas . Which , of course , should be the last thing an admirer of `` Tron '' wants to see : Bill Gates taking over Apple .
Edward Kitsis & Adam Horowitz toss a bit of Frankenstein , every Super Hero who ever kept is hand in corporate , `` Star Wars , '' `` The Matrix '' ... and yes , even `` The Wizard of Oz '' to come up with a story that exists mostly to prop up the special effects .
The special effects are incredible , blah blah blah , but oddly , the most effective element here is the original movie 's striking visual design .
La , la , la , what a vision this movie is . It goes over the top , and then it goes even higher , wider , and crazier .
There 's such a hollowness and lack of conviction within this new film 's veneer of a story that it 's impossible not to find your distracted thoughts bouncing around chaotically .
Disney has once again constructed a digital environment out of cutting-edge special effects , only this time , it is n't merely silly ; it 's as dry and talky as a PBS panel show .
It sure is pretty , but it 's also woefully empty-headed , as steely in emotion as it is in its environment .
The geek set will be transfixed by the look of the film , which is a noir-ish , sober `` Speed Racer '' -- nocturnal battles involving light cycles , light frisbees , etc. .
Remember the last time you yelled at your computer ? It does .
This holiday season , disappointment comes in fluorescent blue
A landmark achievement in visual effects , sound and production design , and a disappointment in almost every other respect .
Groundbreaking and cutting edge filmmaking in terms of the production design and special FX , and the action scenes are some of the best you 'll see this year .
Occasionally self-indulgent and silly , the sequel is an undeniably entertaining flick , a cornucopia of eye candy and family-friendly violence .
One of the few winter films that feels like an event ... family-friendly geek paradise .
As an action-packed visual feast ... Tron Legacy is truly astonishing ...
New players , a new story line , a new director and nearly three decades of improved technology including all the whiz-bang-wow the latest 3-D has to offer . Unfortunately , there 's not nearly enough new life .
Like the 1982 sci-fi curiosity that spawned it , TRON : Legacy is an `` almost '' movie .
They had 28 years , and this is the best they could come up with ?
If you kind of , sort of liked the `` Matrix '' franchise but found it too fast-paced , too dense with plot and way too short on neon-lit motorbike races and homoerotic Ultimate Frisbee tournaments , then I 've got a movie for you .
Curiously , TRON : Legacy makes the same mistake the original did : All the best stuff comes in the first act .
It 's a sullen affair , dominated by a grim visual palette that intrigues for about 30 minutes .
TRON : Legacy does not deserve to be written off as empty spectacle but it really does miss the magic of the original film .
It 's an unusual moviegoing situation to be facing , with such a tremendous divide in time between installments , but the very fact that there 's a sequel to TRON , and it happens to satisfy , is reason enough to rejoice .
To say that belated sequel Tron : Legacy looks amazing is both to praise and to condemn it ; 30 years from now , it will probably seem just as dated as its predecessor .
Both -LSB- Tron -RSB- films , made so many years apart , can fairly lay claim to being state of the art .
Tron : Legacy looks like the bathroom of a trendy nightclub .
While too much of Tron : Legacy languishes in a plotless world of confusion and electronic Frisbee throwing which left me cold , there are unexpected bonuses .
There is no justifiable reason for such a lengthy running time , especially given that the original got in , did what it had to do and got out in about an hour and a half .
There have been a number of technical developments in the intervening years , but none of them does the new film any good .
Fittingly , Legacy is not overwhelmed by its own technical brilliance , the human heart that beats beneath its polished chrome veneer being felt even over Daft Punk 's evocative score .
Hugely disappointing , style-over-substance sequel that 's let down by a derivative script , wooden performances , poorly directed action sequences and a criminal lack of humour .
As long as it 's engaged in light-hurling bouts of force , or motorcycle chases through a landscape so ominously enveloping it looks like Blade Runner after gentrification , TRON : Legacy is a catchy popcorn pleasure .
This 28-years-later sequel has some flash and sparkle in a few of its action sequences , but there 's way too little drama or visual dazzle to justify the hype , the extra D or the film 's somewhat presumptuous title .
It 's God versus Lucifer in a virtual world .
It must have taken a lot of computers to pull this thing off ; too bad the movie talks like one of them .
Who are we kidding ? You 're going for the glowing surfaces ; as a Christmas bauble , Disney 's $ 200 million production does n't disappoint .
Perhaps this is an old-fashioned notion , but if you 're going to see a movie that admittedly features lots of digital bells and whistles as its major draw , should n't you still be able to tell what 's going on ?
-LSB- T -RSB- otally superfluous and eminently forgettable ... -LSB- It -RSB- will make a bloody fortune , not because it embodies any qualities deserving of such , but out of compelling nostalgia and , well , not much else .
On the plus side , in the new Tron , the war machines no longer look like giant floating staples . But the action scenes are the usual hyper-edited splatter .
The screenplay is a mess , but visually it 's a perfect film . The soundtrack by Daft Punk is one of the best scores to come along in a long time .
Carries the legacy of the original - it 's deadly dull , self-important and besotted with its own computer graphics . . Flashier effects but no dramatic sense or sense of drama .
When you mix the striking visuals with the heavy sound effects and booming score from Daft Punk , you 're provided with a reason to go to the cinema .
When the movie works , characters and visuals and sound come together , sync up and create an unbelievable , almost magical cinematic rhythm unlike anything you 've ever experienced before .
Given the movie 's graphic pizzazz , the best hippie wisdom Bridges might offer the viewer is : Turn off your mind , relax , and float downstream .
Technically spectacular , visually and aurally - best viewed in IMAX 3-D .
It transports us to a world we 've never seen ; showing us heretofore unthinkable cinematic feats and seemingly unachievable advancements in technology ... but all technical marvels aside , there is an unfortunate absence of the human soul here .
Looks are n't everything but here they 're enough to keep you entertained most of the film . Beyond that , the only way it will have resonance is through the Daft Punk soundtrack .
Go and see this film on the big screen . End of line .
What unfolds is your typical chase-and-rescue scenario , all just colour and movement , but with a rock-out score by Daft Punk and a genuinely bright patch in the high-camp form of Castor -LRB- Michael Sheen -RRB- .
Tron : Legacy could get away with a script as stupid as the one it has if the movie crackled , if any of the actors popped or if any of the action scenes felt truly next level or groundbreaking .
With a million times more computing power at its disposal than its 1982 predecessor , Tron : Legacy still looks like Disco Night at the jai alai fronton .
A showcase of the most astonishing computer - graphics ' work Hollywood can muster ... all wrapped round one of the most lunk-headed scripts that was ever parped out of an ink-jet .
Anyone wondering about a justification for an update of an incoherent story of yesteryear need look no farther than the smashing visual and action creativity .
TRON : Legacy may be the best movie I 've ever seen that possesses a truly awful script .
With the derivative story and direction , the whizzy effects are its only calling card
Sleek but not so sophisticated , Tron : Legacy arrives pre-programmed to deliver the visual goods without ever replicating genuine human emotions .
Disney 's rebooting of their 1982 computer-world adventure is a shimmering , supremely exciting piece of ultra-modern high-end Hollywood entertainment .
This is a film though that MUST be seen in a 3D cinema to be appreciated , with genuinely mind blowing visual effects , music and sound that immerse the audience in the Grid and whisk you away on a digitally delightful journey .
A hyper-slick sequel to the heady 1982 man-versus-machine action-adventure , Tron Legacy represents a souped-up chassis built around an engine that does n't start .
... a franchise built around the fetishistic obsession with cyber culture now preaches its evils .
where the original Tron at least had the virtue of being way ahead of the curve , this late-Noughties light show , though certainly offering plenty of eye candy , feels caught between the weight of history and the potentiality of its future franchise .
Joseph Kosinski 's would-be franchise restarter is , if nothing else , aesthetically striking .
Who cares what it has to say when it looks this good ?
Like the first Tron movie there 's a sense of cutting edge special effect techniques on display , but , once it has established its premise , Tron : Legacy , like its predecessor , does n't really know where to go and takes a long time getting there .
Despite dazzling man-meets-machine design and similar themes , this film does not have the complexity of Avatar and for some it may feel rather like being trapped in a long video game .
One of the best blockbuster experiences 2010 has had to offer .
It 's a bit like Fast and Furious , directed by Stanley Kubrick on holiday .
-LRB- VIDEO -RRB- If you 're young and easily impressed , then `` Tron : Legacy '' wo n't feel like a rip off . As for the film 's non-window-breaking 3D effects , you 'll be left to scratch your head about why the filmmakers even bothered .
A techno-fueled visual effects extravaganza , Tron Legacy is not quite the sequel I imagined .
For all of the hundreds of animators who spent over a year painstakingly assembling each pixel in the computer-generated world , not one person was employed who could write a competent screenplay that harnessed their efforts .
Although lacking an emotional core and comprehensive plot , TRON : Legacy is never the less an immersive cinematic experience which features the best that 3-D visuals and special effects has to offer .
Though the film has no lack of technical skill , what 's missing is the spark of imagination
Appropriately , the sequel suffers from almost the same problems as the original : while it 's visually dazzling , thematically intriguing and fronted by the single coolest man in the universe , it 's also empty , derivative and rather directionless
This reboot may not be as revolutionary as it thinks , but it 's definitely worth a second glance .
It is often beautiful to look at , and could come to represent the fashion tropes of its era as faithfully as its predecessor did . And the silliness somehow adds to the enjoyment rather than detracting from it . It 's the best kind of bonkers .
An embarrassing and unhappy compromise between the bland , lacklustre characterisation of The Phantom Menace and the achingly naff would-be cool of The Matrix sequels .
A triumph of art direction , sound design and Gallic phat beats , but could do with a script upgrade and fun.exe patch .
Fans of the original wo n't be disappointed .
There 's huge disparity between the seductive and visuals and the dramatically uninvolving and narrative , but young techno viewers -LRB- and fans of the original 1982 film -RRB- should make it a commercial hit .
The story is silly . But like the first TRON , this sequel also pushes the frontiers of what 's possible . The movie delivers enough of a wow factor to pull in viewers .
The flaws are there , if you choose to look for them , but why on Earth would you want to ?
A film that awes and bores in frustratingly equal measure . Visually and musically , it 's a triumph . Dramatically , it needs some re-wiring .
There 's nothing to like .
There are flourishes of brilliance , particularly in score , costumes and set design . However , this brilliance is often buried beneath messy , disjointed action sequences and a story that fails to make any sense at all .
Tron : Legacy is an exciting and beautiful film that I can guarantee will be considered a classic , just like the first .
It all ends up being a half-hour too much of a just okay thing .
I love the metaphysics this story suggests . Tron had hints of the possibilities , but Legacy explores the images of ourselves , manifested beings and the idea that the pursuit of perfection is corrupt .
a thrilling , evocative , and utterly satisfying piece of entertainment .
The film is a Fleshlight . It looks like the real thing , and it might get you off , but it is plastic , phony , and utterly soulless .
If you 're a fan like me , it 's worth seeing for both the nostalgia and the debate you 're going to have after the film . If you 're not , it 's worth seeing for the visuals .
Whereas 3D has quickly become a dirty , corporate word , Tron : Legacy 's use of the new technology to bring the audience directly into this very specific and unique world makes this movie a completely immersive experience .
While 21st-century effects and a cutting-edge dance score make this a stunning virtual ride , the underlying concept feels as far-fetched as ever .


@highlight

Tron Legacy boasts dazzling visuals , but its human characters and story get lost amidst its state-of-the-art production design .