As a man is made to mediate the terms of his own murder , Park Chan-wook offers a perfect resolution to his `` Vengeance '' trilogy : an acutely agonizing elegy for whatever shred of humanity is left after the impulse for vengeance has worked itself out .
Talks Sin and Salvation while spending all his creative energies on debasing gags and sneering wide-angle shots
Park Chanwook works his Grand Guignol sense of humor against Korean social conditions to effect a call-and-response logic to the metaphoric and literal things that happen onscreen .
The kind of glorious sensory rush that you can only get when a supremely confident director fully kicks out the jams . Submerged within the flash , however , is a nihilistic worldview that may be even more curdled than its predecessors .
in Lady Vengeance , revenge is ultimately a shabby , sordid business that leaves everybody soiled and in need of purification - or at least of a pie in the face .
The story is delightfully multilayered , the look stylish , and the horror component top notch .
If you have a taste for revenge or just a taste for wickedly well-done filmmaking , help yourself to a serving of Lady Vengeance .
What most will take from Lady Vengeance is a director in love with film and the ability to express that passion through the language of his medium .
Exciting , nerve-wracking and utterly original .
No capítulo final de sua trilogia sobre a Vingança , Park -LRB- com seu dom habitual para criar belíssimos quadros -RRB- concebe um conto de moralidade surpreendente , complexo e assustador , levando o espectador a confrontar sua própria percepção sobre o assunto .
Park Chanwook 's latest revenge thriller is n't as graphic as earlier ones , but may be even more psychologically violent -- and that 's a compliment , as it leads to astounding revelations about guilt and justice .
Did n't have enough heart for me to find its soft spot .
The theme of how all-around bad revenge is starts to wear a little thin ... But there 's always a perverse delight in just watching how a Park movie is executed .
A collideorscape it is , and a very fine one .
full review in Greek
It has an operatic scale and an emotional eloquence and , along the way , in the juxtaposition of its variously conflicting elements , we see how vengeance turns to redemption .
may be the most emotionally affecting , perversely amusing and deeply disturbing of the trilogy .
Park cleverly shows us that justice and revenge can be equally horrifying
... as brutal as it is beautiful .
Sympathy for Lady Vengeance is out to ruin you .
Somewhere over the course of this trilogy , most of the flavor has gone out .
This edge pushes Lady Vengeance into the trilogy 's top spot and points to a bright future for Park .
... Lee Yeong-ae is simply riveting in one of the most exciting female performances of the year thus far .
Delivers more than the filmmaker ever has before ... richer themes and more skillful audience involvement .
It does n't help that Lee 's performance is pretty one-note . She does n't seem too interested in exploring her character 's human side , despite opportunities provided by Park .
The concluding chapter of the `` Revenge Trilogy , '' this is the most visually stunning and , in moments , lyrically hypnotic of the trio of films , linked by the common theme of vengeance and its tragic effects .
Park is a crazily confident filmmaker who crafts gorgeous images and whose transitions between scenes are breathtaking .
Squanders plot impetus , and even with constant crosscutting it 's lethargically paced , slogging through soap-operatic back stories and maddening irrelevancies .
Park 's imagery can be as poetic as it is jolting , but the pacing is slow and meandering .
Exhibits elegant craftsmanship ... Unfortunately , the fragmentary narrative style and a distasteful final act leave it another near-miss .
Not for the feint of heart , but if you like watching revenge served cold -LRB- with cake -RRB- , this is worth a look .
The films strain to present some kind of moral compass , a philosophy of revenge 's human toll . But in the end , their sadistic glee in creative bloodshed trumps all .
Because I am a connoisseur of art cinema , my feelings about Lady Vengeance are complex . Some parts I liked ; some parts I did n't .
An exhilarating ride due in no small part to a complex storyline , director Park 's visual flair for telling it , and Lee 's all-encompassing performance as the vengeful Geum-Ja .
Pound-of-flesh cinema , you might say .
Apart from Park 's impressive but ultimately hollow style -LRB- his images are impeccably composed and visually inventive -RRB- , Lady Vengeance is still an exercise in wretched excess -LRB- though less extreme than its predecessors -RRB- .
Powered by a glowering performance by actress Lee Young Ae , it is a walloping tale .
Park is a visual virtuoso , with imaginative transitions and clever use of special effects wrapped around a sly , effective performance from Lee at the center of it all .
I have four words to account for the popularity of Park Chanwook 's stylishly inane crime picture : Asian chicks in prison .
... leaves the comic-book super-villain melodrama and operatic excess of Old Boy for a conflicted story of righteous vengeance at any cost .
For once Park has stopped smirking long enough to consider the practical point of violence in a way that 's pertinent to his own gruesome cinematic pursuits .
Looks may not be able to kill , but boredom can sure do the job .
The freshness and ingenuity of Oldboy has been replaced with the kind of lazy self-satisfaction that often comes when a unique filmmaker unexpectedly achieves worldwide success and is n't quite sure of how to handle it .
Hell ca n't possibly get any more beautiful , or strange , than the way it 's rendered in Lady Vengeance .
. . a fine performance by Yeong-ai Lee as the title Lady keeps things together as the story ... paints her plan for revenge in a complicated , compelling way
If Lady Vengeance is just a slick cheap thrill , it also boasts extraordinary performances and unusually skillful , eerily beautiful production .
A film with the capacity to both sicken and delight , a dark thriller with an obsessive , shocking story , shot in gorgeous images that heighten the gruesomeness and horror of what they reveal .
... less brilliant than Oldboy but still brilliant .
... the trilogy 's most outrageous comeuppance
Operating on many emotional and visceral levels , and occasionally shifting from reality into fantasy , the film demands complete attention , even if the shocking images often make the viewer want to look away .
It 's the kind of movie Kill Bill would have been if Quentin Tarantino had any truck with subtlety .
For anyone else interested in one of the most skillful and startling directors today , Vengeance is worth bracing yourself for .
This is OldBoy or Sympathy for Mr. Vengeance redux , with the minor twist of a female protagonist , which only makes the movie seem that much more of a cut-rate Kill Bill clone .
-LSB- An -RSB- inflammatory , inimitable movie inventory of hell on earth .
South Korean director Park Chan-wook 's tremendous conclusion to his Vengeance trilogy is a modern classic .
While Lady Vengeance is not quite as devastating or brilliantly plotted as Oldboy , it 's still a solid punch to the soft stomach of the modern crime thriller .
In the end Geum-ja emerges as a stirring feminist icon ...
Novices should prepare for mind-bending bloodshed and violence .
The last of director Park Chanwook 's revenge trilogy , Sympathy for Lady Vengeance is another astonishing achievement of slasher-style justice , moral tussles , and eye-candy design ...
... a kinder , gentler exercise in empty virtuosity .
Lady Vengeance dazzles us with cinematic savoir-faire , but it is ultimately as cold , calculating and contradictory as its anti-heroine .
Probably like nothing you 've seen before , but you 'd have to be pretty sick and twisted to really get off on it .
The whole process adds up to a fairly impressive two-stage thrill ride .
The whole process adds up to a fairly impressive two-stage thrill ride ,
It concludes Park 's trilogy on a dual note of circular tragedy and fragile hope , while working equally well as an introduction to his universe of retribution and repentance or as a stand-alone thriller with a darkly feminist twist .
Chan-wook has examined many aspects of the concept of revenge , including the most lasting : consequences . For many movies , the act of retribution is the point of the film . For Chan-wook , it 's the starting point for a larger tapestry .
Lady Vengeance is his most sullen and patient film , and yet it 's breathless pop filmmaking , narratively mercurial , viscerally traumatic , and thematically infernal .
At once the msot stylized and dullest of the Park trilogy .
Transfixing and transcendent .
Slick and frequently mesmerising , but ultimately it feels as calculated as the murky , melodramatic denouement .
Lady Vengeance is n't as horrifying as its predecessor but it 's certainly powerful enough to end the trilogy on a high note . One thing is for sure ... no one dishes out vengeance quite like Chan-wook Park .
The Vengeance Trilogy is a remarkable accomplishment not only for Park , but for world cinema and lovers of the extreme who finally have a collection of films they can truly call art .
Tough , unrelenting and powerfully moving .
The first hour will test the patience of all but diehard fans of the genre , flipping randomly through time before things settle down for a final 50 minutes examining the ethics of revenge .
An unsettling mix of stylish visuals , surreal fantasy , and shocking violence .
He wants to get into the black heart of revenge , and his films are testaments to that journey .
Alternately wonky -- a late plot twist will leave you thinking a couple of the film 's reels went missing -- and offensive as only an elegant depiction of brutal violence can be , Lady Vengeance is meretricious nonsense .
Like a fairy tale with fangs , Sympathy for Lady Vengeance promises pleasurable escapism , but ensnares its audience in a thorny line of questioning .
Park 's elegant new melodrama ... raises meaty questions about vigilantism-unlike Tarantino 's similarly plotted and pop-styled Kill Bill .
... meaningless lunacy ...
While the film never really achieves the emotional resonance to which it clearly aspires , its sheer inventiveness and bravura visual style deliver plenty of entertaining moments along the way .
The flashiest , funniest , and most baroque of the `` Vengeance Trilogy . '' It is also the most simpleminded and , despite that , eventually the most muddled .
With Sympathy for Lady Vengeance , Park Chanwook delivers more virtuosic but empty flash .
Hands down , the best conclusion to a trilogy , and easily the best triptych since the original Star Wars .



@highlight

Stylistically flashy and gruesomely violent , Sympathy for Lady Vengeance fits in nicely with the other two films of Park 's revenge trilogy .