A promising film about a hit man that ultimately gets wacked because its star is n't suited for the role at all .
At six foot plus , with his hair-plug mullet and his ice-white teeth , Cage sticks out like a sore thumb among the tiny Thai citizens , making for the most conspicuous hitman since Agent 47 rocked the bald head 'n' barcode combination .
This has the look of a cheap quickie foreign film , not unlike a Hong Kong action film .
Between all the dates and dinners , Bangkok almost ends up being as less thriller and more travelogue ; by the hour mark , there are literally more gulps than gunshots .
While the film includes several exciting , creatively shot action scenes , the drama is otherwise so shopworn that the violent climax is a relief .
A by-the-numbers retread that 's ill-conceived as an action vehicle for Cage .
o Nicolas Cage na periferei tis ektos eleghoy sapoynoperikes toy moytes kai ti geloia malloyra toy , se ena pompodi poiitikistiko ahtarma , poy bromaei ap ' opoy ki an ton piaseis
Tediously monotonous .
-LSB- Cage is -RSB- funless , scowly , grim , and steroidally impervious to the fleshy and salacious good cheer that surrounds him .
The burnt out assassin shtick is old and tired .
The film is n't overtly heavy-handed in its violence , but it does n't provoke enough surprises to keep the mind from drifting -- a poison pill for an action film .
A perfectly uninvolving tale of errors acknowledged and manhood proved .
It 's garbage . Cage better be careful . If he keeps this up , he 'll wind up just like Val Kilmer doing straight to DVD junk .
Nicolas Cage parece determinado a sabotar a própria carreira ... e muitos outros atores já teriam , em seu lugar , sido rebaixados a produções lançadas diretamente em DVD
Not to be a contrarian , but as predictable as the movie is , its events often feel as if there were no alternative . The Pang brothers , besides being artisans of action and suspense , tell a good story -- or maybe I 'm simply suffering from heat and Hurricane
Neutered , but pretty , and lacking any real development , this is the cinematic equivalent of a eunuch whose voice unfortunately broke pre-castration
Cage is believable as the brooding lone-wolf gunman , but the `` hit man screwing himself by growing a conscience on his final kill '' ploy needs to be put down for good .
This is as stale as Tuesday 's Phad Thai , from its exhausted mythos of the surgically efficient , omnipotent hit man to the training scenes in which Joe explains the trade to the new guy , to the inevitable betrayals of the third act .
Ominous maybe , but never dangerous
This one may have oozed on over into September , but it 's every bit as bad as the previous month 's studio-floor sweepings .
The Pang Brothers ' remake yearns to be sensationalistic and probing but falls short in its request for a slight redemptive actioner that sizzles with moral conflict and confusion .
Remove Cage 's moody presence , and you could pick up this kind of action tat at your nearest service station .
Where the 1999 version wore cinematography and spectacle like a generic Hong Kong triad film -LRB- brooding and bloody interchanging throughout -RRB- , 2008 doles out an attempt at profundity that gives way to bouts of cheesiness and incoherent editing .
Would that the film were a tenth as deliciously bad as its title .
Try as they might , the Pangs ca n't cover the gaping hole at the center of the film where a charismatic leading man should be .
Just another cycle of bombast and boredom .
While Cage is making an effort to summon the troubled warrior within , it 's hard to accept him for the cold-blooded killer he 's trying to be .
Awatchable , but dull action flick with not enough body count to satisfy the average mixed martial arts fanboy .
There 's a charming restaurant scene , some nifty hand-to-hand combat and the cast is great looking . But pretty much all the things that made the original so original are filtered out of this un-original .
Bankgok Ridiculous is more like it .
It 's never close to good , and it ca n't even get bad right .
The film is handsomely cold looking , but so generic that it 's hard to work up much interest in its car chases , shoot outs and frequent breaks to ogle the firm young flesh for sale in Bangkok 's fleshpots .
-LSB- Bangkok Dangerous -RSB- adds to the sad realization that this once-vibrant and witty actor is completely controlled now by his inner teenager .
The sinking realization kicks in : These people are taking this nonsense seriously .
Bangkok Dangerous is bad without lifting a finger toward interesting .
This could have been good .
-LSB- Cage takes -RSB- the big bucks to star in slovenly , inert pulp of the sort no actor of his magnitude should be stooping to .
Slow action thriller from bored-looking Nic Cage .
You now that your movie has major problems when a bad wig is the most memorable part of the film .
Directed by the Pang brothers -LRB- Danny and Oxide -RRB- , Bangkok Dangerous is a halfhearted remake of their 1999 picture of the same name .
While production values in ` Bangkok Dangerous ' are competent , there are no technical fireworks to compensate for the story 's dearth of energy and originality .
Despite a few sentimental flourishes , this programmer delivers for action fans .
A torpid Cage hitman-action piece inoculated with an Asian strain .
Been there , seen that . But it 's not the notes , it 's how Cage plays them .
Hollywood came a-callin ' , and said -LSB- to the Pang brothers -RSB- , ` Come work for us . We 're pay you a sh*t load of money . All you have to do is sell us your souls . ' And the brothers said yes .
Danny and Oxide Pang -LSB- rework -RSB- the plot of their 2000 thriller to make way for Nicolas Cage and his Big Star persona
A toxic blend of hitman midlife crisis , homicidal existential angst and a little surprise sex tourism on the side , this arty assassin fare is held together by sheer force of personality , grim reaper guru Cage , no matter how cranky the guy can be .
Toxic and tedious , it 's ` Bangkok Boring . '
How do you borrow the best elements of The Transporter , The Karate Kid and Mission Impossible and end up with an unwatchable mess like this ?
One night in Bangkok makes a hard critic % u2026 well , not humble , so much as bored .
Predictable as a snowstorm in December -- but visually exciting . Plus Charlie Yeung fills the screen with charm and grace .
Throughout the movie Nicolas Cage wears a contorted facial expression that suggests the need for more fiber in his diet .
As they did with their original , the Pangs steal liberally from John Woo without ever replicating his shootout-choreography inventiveness or proficiency .
Pretty junky stuff , but it is notable for one oddball thing : the end credits attribute someone as ` Personal Chef of Nicolas Cage ' and someone else as ` Assistant to Personal Chef of Nicolas Cage ' . Yikes .
Here 's a note to Nicolas Cage : Your stylist hates you . Your director and screenwriters ? Not so far behind .
Cage from the first frame looks like someone who should be offered an antacid as quickly as possible , and one of prescription strength at that
Bangkok Dangerous is so deadly dull that it 's really not even worth writing or reading about , much less taking the time to see .
Pointless vanity project .
If Cage wants to use his clout as an actor and producer -LRB- he 's credited with both here -RRB- to make down-and-dirty B-movies , then more power to him . But if the results are going to be this unbearable , he 'd might as well crank out the Oscar-bait .
Bangkok is n't dangerous so much as really , really boring .
-LSB- A -RSB- stylish but laborious thriller .
Bangkok Dangerous pretends to have a lot on its mind . It moves slow as molasses and has the same general coloring .
For a man obsessed with The King -- he even married his daughter -- it makes sense that Cage has finally entered the fat Elvis act III of his career . I hope we do n't read about him flat-lining on the commode , face down in the `` Ghost Rider 3 '' script .
All it proves is that on their home turf the Pangs can make an international hit-man tale every bit as trashy and dull as the ones made in Hollywood or Europe .
Could n't the Pangs have spent some of that studio money on more lights ?
Instead of killing people , Nicolas Cage 's character should have been more worried about getting a haircut .
the proverbial sound and fury , filled with typical Asian action film gravitas yet signifying nothing . A whole lot of nothing .
Certainly lives down to its title , which sounds like a caveman giving travel advice .
What Cage -- such a fine actor when the mood 's upon him -- is doing wasting his time in listless junk like this is anybody 's guess .
As rubbish Nic Cage movies go , Bangkok Dangerous is just about watchable , but as far as pointless remakes are concerned , you 're much better off renting the original instead .
Proof that Cage will sign up to anything that involves a mad hair weave and a motorbike .
But even if you do n't tire of the relentless violence , you might want to call time on Cage 's tough-but-sensitive übermensch .
A -LRB- slightly belated -RRB- reappraisal of his way of life recalls John Wayne in The Shootist , and evidently this is intended as more than a gore fest . The result is surprisingly dull .
This grainy shoot - 'em - up is stuck in the Nineties , which means it is a decade ahead of Nicolas Cage 's mullet haircut .
The script is a compendium of cliches , but not all boring . There is one passable chase scene on motor boats and a characteristically gruesome shoot-out at the end .
The Pang brothers ' remake of their slick 1999 calling card is saddled with both a morose voiceover from Cage and another of his now-trademark hairdo n'ts .
Ludicrous ? Occasionally . Ponderous ? Frequently . But dangerous ? Only for the careers of Cage and his stylist .
As a Cage remake goes , it 's never as terrible or inadvertently hilarious as The Wicker Man ; but its functionality , over-familiarity and misguided morality makes it more Bangkok Dubious .
It 's certainly no worse than the original - a flashy grab-bag of tricks to begin with - and has a certain grim stylishness in its favour , but you miss the breezy , funny Cage of old .
A remake of the Thai movie by the same name . As well as every other movie about a hitman who lives by his own rules .
There are some flashy sequences , which ca n't conceal the essential silliness and fatuity .
None of this compensates for the overfamiliar plotline , the underdeveloped side characters , the breakbeat soundtrack , the boring shootouts and a general air of overbaked silliness . But it helps .
It turns out Bangkok is n't very dangerous . It 's glacial , abysmally photographed , dreadfully acted , faintly plotted , and frequently absurd . But dangerous ? Not really .
Bangkok Dangerous is n't nearly the ugly , stupid film you might guess based on the poster and Nicolas Cage 's hairdo.Bangkok Dangerous is merely average .
The only reason to see a Nicolas Cage movie these days is to have a good laugh at his latest wig .
This version of Bangkok Dangerous is a respectable genre movie , but not much more .
One day someone will make a film about a lone-wolf killer who gets offered One Last Job , turns it down , retires rich and lives happily ever after .
The Pang brothers take full advantage of their Hollywood budget to paint Bangkok skyscrapers in shimmering midnight blues .
The Bangkok cinematography has its moments but falls short of the gritty realism of the original . The whiff of the `` exotic '' is redolent of Judith Chalmers ' banal old TV travelogues .
Hollywood and the television industry have long since sucked what they require from the tropes and rhythms of Asian films , and parts of Bangkok Dangerous , far from seeming unfamiliar or freshly stylized , offer nothing that you could n't catch on CSI .
Heavy on the spice and cheap on the meat , Bangkok Dangerous adds plenty of Thai seasoning to the Hollywood lone-assassin recipe , but the result is only mildly pungent .





@highlight

With murky cinematography , a meandering pace , a dull storyline , and rather wooden performances , The Pang Brothers ' Hollywood remake of Bangkok Dangerous is unsuccessful .