The film is n't as subversive or as shocking as it tries so hard to be and as a result , it 's a much more underwhelming experience than it should have been .
Savages may come off choppy in the very beginning , but it does springboards to a really fantastical second half .
It 's lurid , sexy , funny , chaotic , cluttered , and if the grisly violence turns you off then Blake Lively _ playing a very dumb blonde _ and her two beaus ... will also chip in laugh-out-loud moments , all the while with the director winking off-scene .
There 's no heft to the material - only mindless violence - and Blake Lively is absolutely dreadful .
Visually dazzling , if a bit bluntly simplistic and over-written . In other words , it 's an Oliver Stone movie .
A richly entertaining adaptation of Winslow 's novel .
A well-told tale of power , corruption and uncivilized people who use violence and murder to achieve success .
An unabashedly lurid sun-and-surf ménage-à-trois cum drug-running caper , with touches of Jacobean tragedy for good measure .
The film would have been so much more interesting if the two men had been identical twins played by the same actor-like Jeremy Irons in David Cronenberg 's Dead Ringers .
Stone lights up a big fat one guaranteed to get you high anew on a filmmaker widely thought to have long lost his potency . And true to weed 's notorious side effects , his stash is strong enough to obliterate the memory of drags like ` Alexander . '
compelling action scenes with momentum-killing dialogue digressions
Amid all the violence and profanity , Oliver Stone reveals a begrudging respect for his damned characters .
Savages , however , finds a new low for this auteur . It 's a trashy , repulsive little flick , so darned unwatchable that it 's not even fun to rip the thing apart .
Well made and slickly made but amoral junk .
This is by no means Oliver Stone 's best work . But it 's his best work in well over a decade .
Veers way off course in its second act , becoming confusing and vague - indeed , stoned . But it all comes good in the end .
Essentially stupid , but stylistically invigorating , like watching a genius muck about with finger paints like a child on a sugar high . And then it throws it back in your face .
This film goes about as deep and dark as a summer high . Sure there are flashes of mexploitation fun , but ultimately it 's just way too mellow , man .
Savages reels you in but then does n't finish the job .
Oliver Stone is n't known for making pretty films but ugly is something he does very well .
A good piece of gritty , grown-up entertainment . One question , though - has Oliver Stone lost his movie mojo ?
It 's a dirty and messy firecracker of a film , but one that 's directed with thrill and skill .
Its energy has long deflated before an ending that will try the patience of even the most forgiving viewers . There 's little to defend once Stone and company have so eagerly adopted the cheap twists of a latter day Shyamalan picture .
Savages is a hot mess - beautiful actors and locations mixed with a plot that starts strong but ultimately turns into a snooze-fest . With a lead villain seemingly ripped from the cover of Cosmo magazine , Stone 's latest flick savagely disappoints .
The messy insouciance wears a little thin , and by the time we get to the absurdity of the extended ending , enough is definitely enough .
I think it 's really interesting that Oliver Stone has gone back to this visceral , mischievous , hard-hitting filmmaking .
The three leads are a bit on the bland side but perhaps that 's the way California potheads are . Del Toro and Travolta are terrific in their more interesting roles .
Stone does his best with the material-aided by no less than three credited editors-but ca n't compensate for the void at the film 's centre . An absence less of morality , than of simple chemistry .
Bloody violent , bloody savage and bloody wonderful , Oliver Stone 's Savages shows how well a talented filmmaker can transform a novel into a movie
Spraying flair as well as blood , Oliver Stone 's über-colourful and graphically violent thriller depicting drug cartels , double dealings , foul play and sex is a wild , full throttle experience
Relentlessly silly , yes , but also thrilling , flashy and deliriously entertaining . And you do n't need to be high to enjoy it .
Although typically loud , brash and flat-footed , the Oscar-winning filmmaker oddly opts for hokey romance over stinging critique .
Stone has put together a technically sound and sporadically thrilling thriller , but it drops the ball at the end , and tries to squeeze a bit too much into its runtime .
Savages is a mix of challenging story beats & multifaceted character moments -- paired with an equal number of predictable twists & flat cliched personalities .
Oliver Stone takes a stab at returning to a nastier , more edgy filmmaking style , but simply ca n't escape his moralising ways
The plot has promise , and the sharp , clever actors make the worst dialog sound almost snappy . But the script is a real problem
By end , most of the audience goodwill has been spent , and although Stone desperately wants to be down with the kids , his efforts end up looking dated and , sadly , a little irrelevant .
Despite its shortcomings , Savages is n't a complete waste of time .
Neither big nor clever . Savage is right .
Far too prolix and more than a little absurd .
Fine if you like your thrillers raw , bloody and unruly .
What really scuppers this is the ridiculous ending . Flashy but superficial .
As usual , Stone shoots violence with a worrying amount of sadistic enthusiasm . As always , his dialogue is atrociously wooden .
A disappointing dip in the shallow end . Forgettable .
Savages plays up to Stone 's worst tendencies : machismo , bombast and self-indulgence , and the factor that could conceivably have made this movie tolerable - humour - is off the menu .
Adapting a bestselling novel by Don Winslow , Stone seems to think he is screenwriting Scarface again .
With nary a single sympathetic soul in sight , it 's impossible to care who does what to whom or when .
If Stone wanted to make even Tony Scott 's lousiest movies look like masterworks , he 's gone about it brilliantly .
... a film that - while stylish and home to some great comic beats - ultimately feels mediocre and flat .
The dialogue is excruciatingly bad , the lead performances never quite gel and it eventually becomes clear that the flashy direction is masking a lack of substance .
It all smacks of trying too hard to mask the absence of strong material .
A cross between Traffic , Blow and a massacre , it is a pulpy , putrid , purposeless collage of drug cliches .
A simplistic thriller that offers very little , especially given who is behind the camera .
A preposterously overblown take on the drug trade , Savages is occasionally fun but mostly just plain dumb .
Savages is Platoon 's dystopic future realised . Everything 's bigger and brighter but the sadistic sociopathy of this war remains hellish .
Combustible , chaotic , weirdly likable snapshot of new-millennium idylls and infernos
Savages is punishing in places , but there are enough colourful characters and careening twists to make it worth the effort .
A brutal , exciting motion picture that compensates for its lack of overt relevance with a heaping helping of kick-ass .
Stone substitutes bombast for Winslow 's wit , and blunts the book 's ending to make a cynical but hardly shocking point about government corruption .
Brutally empty . Vacant style -LRB- including way too many close-ups -RRB- is the rule . And there 's the double ending : the first reflects just how violence-celebrating and death-enchanted this entire waste of 130 minutes is while the second is a happy-dopey cop-out .
Stone devotes considerable ingenuity to making atrocity appear as a terrifying kind of home movie , but `` Savages '' is no more than a summertime debauch .
Were it not for its arguably messed-up finale , ` Savages ' would be one of director Oliver Stone 's most enjoyable crime dramas .
Savages is just frustrating . There 's this great cast , some intense torture scenes , tons of blood , this fantastic soundtrack , and explosive action . But once the credits roll , you 're left with the urge to kick a cluster of helpless baby seals to the moon .
When Stone finally achieves a comfortable balance between the pretty young things and the cornucopia of crazies , the film truly comes to full life as the lurid , down and dirty entertainer one hopes for .
Savages is n't a bad film , but it does n't come close to matching the best of what Stone has given us in the past .
The only character who resonates is Lively 's O , the blissed-out object of desire and revenge , and the only character who does n't live down to the film 's title .
aesthetically flashy without being overbearing and politically sensitive without being pushy
Savages has the components to skirt greatness , only to repeatedly trip over its own feet .
... riveting despite graphic brutality . Shows the consequences of the idiocy of keeping marijuana illegal .
Stone gets down and dirty with some pot and plenty of violence . I had a lot of fun , I just wish Lively 's voiceover did n't exist throughout the film .
Despite the high-stakes mission , the movie never feels like more than a game . Savages does not immerse .
It 's better than Alexander or Wall Street : Money Never Sleeps , but it 's no return to form .
Stone tries to hang this grand operatic course of events and deep human emotions around the necks of three woefully uninteresting characters .
There must have been a contest among the actors on the set of Olivier Stone 's new and often ludicrous movie to see who could play the biggest badass .
Hats off to Oliver Stone who has made an exciting and entertaining film about a group of non-heroes .
These are neither good people nor interesting savages , and they 're not worth caring about . Neither is the movie .
Oliver Stone revs up the crime thriller genre with an energetic video-nasty that keeps up with modern sensibilities regarding sex , drugs , and violence .
A piece of lip-smacking , dressed-up summer trash from an expert recycler .
Stone has given us an unforgettable fable of friendship , betrayal , greed and doomed love set against the backdrop of the drug trade . The problem is , he gave it to us almost 30 years ago . It 's called Scarface .
If you 're not ready for the dramatization of sex , brutality and sociopathic murder then you have n't been reading the books of Don Winslow .
Can a movie be utterly done in by a botched ending ? Maybe .
This is Oliver Stone at his playful best . It is n't a masterpiece , but it is a lot of fun .
An unsettling vision of America degenerating into a lawless dystopia like a latter-day Wild West .
Viewer agony begins right near the start , as O describes her boffing sessions with the battle-scarred Chon : ` I had orgasms ; he had wargasms . ' Yow . Have n't Writers Guild of America memberships been revoked for less ?
Silly , sordid and sadistic - filled with gratuitously excessive grisly , graphic violence
After all the fun we have with Del Toro 's murderous perv , Travolta 's crooked cop , and Hayek 's sentimental cartel head , we return to the artificial heart of the story of the pot-smoking , gun-toting threesome .
Gripping film that keeps things exciting by being bloody almost throughout .
Savages is a solid flick for the first two hours and four minutes . I 'm still flabbergasted and scratching my head at the choice Oliver Stone made to end the film !
John Carter lives on the other side of that line ; Kick-Ass would be happy selling his pot business and doing something else ... but that becomes impossible when you get mixed up with people like Benicio Del Toro and Salma Hayek . Bad news and I had a blast .
The first part of this movie really worked . It was the right amount of intensity ... and then it gets a little silly , the tone gets jumbled , and the end of the film was the definition of a cop out . That being said , much better than W and Wallstreet 2
Not a Lively fan ? You wo n't last five minutes . In it for the action ? I give you 30 minutes . Enjoy looking at Johnson and Kitsch ? You might make it to the midpoint .
Compared to the successful over-the-top performances of the veterans , the three younger leads seem flat and lifeless .
Savages points to a problem with gifted directors , which Stone is , like him or not : They can make a movie that aggravates , infuriates , falters even , but they can really make a movie .
Stone brings his usual visual flair to the material , and he 's helped along by some solid performances from a deep ensemble cast .
Savages is n't about anything except flashily directed mayhem . In this nest of vipers , it 's the slitheriest varieties that survive -- at least for a time .
Sure , the protagonists are self-indulgent bores , the narrative peters out with a weird bout of self-reflexive tomfoolery and the movie wo n't be remembered as one of Stone 's masterpieces . But it 's a lot of fun .
The movie 's great surprise , and delight , is Salma Hayek 's Elena , a svelte monster with a Cleopatra haircut who runs the cartel .
The film is impressive .
The real schism here , however , is between the brainless fun of the action plot and Stone 's cheap exploitation of the cartels ' real-life sadism .
If the change in ending was Stone 's idea then he 's truly lost it , but if it was the studio 's idea then they 're the real savages .
Why should we care about any of these characters ? And that is the point -- we do n't really care about them
`` Savages '' proves that the 65-year-old Stone is not quite ready to retire .
-LRB- Director Oliver -RRB- Stone and his co-writers seem to be reaching for something important to say , but they fail , and we 'll never know what it is .
The bloodshed does n't match the screenplay 's massacre of Don Winslow 's novel ; apparently Stone did n't grasp the author 's easy-money satire and character depth . Stone griped about movies creating heroes from natural born killers . Now he has made one .
A violent but interesting - even good - movie until the inexplicable , out of nowhere , and - truthfully - quite stupid ending . It 's a total `` huh ? ''
Oliver Stone gets his groove back
Stone has evolved in the past decade and a half , and the new film has a deeper , more complicated perspective . The violence is n't a kick . It 's horrifying , senseless .
Oliver Stone 's movies were once incendiary and had the power to get people talking about strong issues . Now Stone has made an ordinary pulp movie with very little to say , and he seems rather bored with pulp for pulp 's sake .
Savages provides us with a glimpse into the Oliver Stone of yore -- the director of lurid , visceral , and menacing crime stories .
` I have orgasms ; he has war-gasms , ' is my choice for nuttiest movie line of the summer of 2012 .
Too much of the film showcases its pretty stars ' shortcomings - and they 're almost significant enough to sink the film .
Savages just does n't really have all that much to say . It 's not a terrible movie , but it 's not a particularly memorable one either .
Don Winslow 's particular brand of crackling wit gets lost somewhere between the page and the screen . And that third act is a disjointed mess ...
Slick and vapid , with characters worse than stick figures . In the age of ` Breaking Bad , ' Stone 's action-rush about drugs and violence just seems old .
The occasionally sharp tone of Don Winslow 's original novel has been lost , and the film 's ending is n't much more than a joke .
... a violent and tough-minded film about characters looking out for their own self-interest no matter who else it may hurt .
... a middling and sometimes maddening film .
Beyond the gripping narrative , which mostly races by at maximum speed with only a few dead spots , one of the main pleasures of Savages is its cast .
A brutal and searing drug drama , with an appealing depth amid the appalling violence .
It 's too bad Stone allows way too much time for the movie 's idiotic conclusion , which provoked snorts of disbelief at the screening I attended .
With ` Savages , ' the mind behind ` Platoon ' and ` Born on the Fourth of July ' has apparently declared unconditional war on subtlety .
I do mind being subjected to two-plus hours of general unpleasantness and being deposited back out into the summer heat with nothing to show for it . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
Flawed at the center and successfully spreading such failure out among the rest of the elements , Savages is a legitimate letdown from an artist who 's , apparently , past his prime .
One of those movies that feels like it sprang loose from the Mountain Dew-induced fantasies of a 13-year old boy .
A candy-colored black valentine to titillation , garish brutality and groovy post-fin-de-siecle excess , this ode to cinema 's most exploitative pleasures finds Stone chronicling America 's dark side at its most sun-kissed .
This Elmore Leonard-style noir about lowlifes versus dirtbags is nasty , vicious fun .
`` Savages '' makes you wonder where Stone , that most pointed of directors , is going . And then it never gets there , backing off at the last minute . As such , it is literally a brutal disappointment .
It all feels more like flexing atrophied muscles rather than creating a believable experience .
Stone seems truly to be enjoying himself for the first time in ages .
There are problems with the logic in Savages and the film is far too long , but if you have a sudden hankering for Oliver Stone in fine form , come on down .
`` Savages '' is a juvenile fantasy of bullets , breasts and bongs -- not such a bad thing , if Stone would just admit it and stop staging the film as a profound ethical wrestling match .
Savages says nothing we do not already know about the illegal drug trade .
Empty mayhem in between plenty of down time .
` Savages ' falls apart , but it falls apart with a certain integrity - I think that Stone made more or less exactly the movie he wanted . I have a grudging respect for it .
Stone 's re-re-re-treading of the same issues that have pre-occupied him since he was fighting in Vietnam - drugs , corruption , military , power - is tired .
A really solid crime thriller and a welcome return to the kind of movie that Stone needs to make more often .
Oliver Stone , bless ` im , still believes in red-meat cinema .
Complain as loudly as you like about Oliver Stone - his politics , posturing and relationship with the facts - but until now he has n't directed a film that 's flat-out dull .
While Savages aims for provocative and dynamic , it comes off as predictable and strained .
You might not think that a motion picture called `` Savages '' could be too violent , too savage , but you would be wrong .
How did this film end up with such a muddled story ?
Oliver Stone 's most exuberantly trashy flick since 1997 's `` U Turn , '' with which it has quite a bit in common . But this one suffers from some dumb plotting and dialogue and a cheap shot ending that keeps it second-tier Stone .
The playful way Stone flips the mood demonstrates a command of the material he has n't shown in more than a decade .
`` Savages '' is enjoyable in a way that 's almost but not quite intentional camp ; it 's like eating a dinner made by a seven-year-old , with cake for every course , interspersed with Jell-O , Pepperidge Farm goldfish and chocolate sprinkles .
Nothing but a nihilistic potboiler , but Oliver Stone serves up ` Savages ' with the pulpy verve it needs to be a guilty pleasure .
There 's just no shaking the feeling that it would be so much better if Stone had made it trimmer and more taut and limited himself to the use of only 12 different types of film stock .
Freed of working with any historical or socio-political agenda to speak of for the first time since the gloriously grubby `` U-Turn , '' Stone is clearly having a blast making this film and that sense of fun and reckless energy can be felt throughout
I thought Stone was redoing Truffaut 's Jules and Jim : two guys and a girl , love pulling them every which way .
A stylish , violent , hallucinatory thriller with both a mean streak and a devilish sense of humor .
Coarse and half-asleep , Savages is a waste of Stone 's time and energy , falling back on tired habits of provocation best left buried with his 1994 sensorial blast , Natural Born Killers .
Hayek strikes the right balance between thinking too hard about the story 's inherent nonsense and sitting back and enjoying the ride .
Johnson , Kitsch and Lively struggle to make an impression in a movie filled with grand-standing stars , and one questions the work habits of their characters .
The climax smacks of either screenwriter desperation , directorial indecision , or `` this worked in the book . ''
Merely continues Stone 's tepid streak .
Working from a novel by Don Winslow , Stone 's landscape of corrupt innocents is beautifully nuanced , allowing every character , no matter how drug-war-weary , a chance to be shell-shocked .
The rare guilty pleasure that offers both style and substance along with dark comedy , suspense , tongue-in-cheek humor and Benicio Del Toro who 's just as scene-chewing as Javier Bardem was in No Country for Old Men .
For a mess , `` Savages '' is a big , bloody , crazy , beautiful mess , featuring enough visual fireworks to restart the Fourth of July .
A pretty good adaptation of an amazing book . The ending almost ruins it , but Del Toro , Travolta and even Kitsch pull it back from the brink .
While his classic hyperbolic visual style is back in force , Stone ca n't bother to muster any of his usual righteous anger , instead mischanneling his discontent into a kind of zen acceptance of these perpetually tiresome main characters .
`` Savages '' is a daylight noir , a western , a stoner buddy movie and a love story , which is to say that it is a bit of a mess . But also a lot of fun , especially as its pulp elements rub up against some gritty geopolitical and economic themes .
Despite a quick pace and a few flashes of brutal violence , Oliver Stone 's narcotics thriller feels sanitized , like a drug that 's been cut one too many times .
Based on co-screenwriter Don Winslow 's critically acclaimed novel , at heart a classic noir thriller , Savages doubles down and raises the bloody without becoming a brainless , action-packed time-waster . Now that 's entertainment .
It 's not worthless -- Del Toro and Hayek are fun -- but you can do better .
Ca n't decide if it 's a horrifying cautionary tale or an ironic , comedic nod to -LSB- those -RSB- who become wrapped up in a deadly game over an illegal form of entertainment or pain prevention .
Savages is Oliver Stone doing what he should have done a long time ago : making a tricky , amoral , down-and-dirty crime thriller that 's blessedly free of any social , topical , or political relevance .
It aches for grander artistic statement when everything about its story is tawdry B-movie .
After a decade or so of suppressing his more lurid instincts , Oliver Stone is back in the bat-crap-crazy mode that made his Oscar-winning rap-sheet rep.
`` Savages '' is never quite one thing or another .
While making such movies as `` JFK '' and `` Natural Born Killers , '' Stone seemed fearless , both in what he put on screen and how he put it there . A lot of that spirit returns here .
Savages is a bright , messy smear of a movie adapted from Don Winslow 's novel of the same name , one that 's violent , sultry , and entertainingly sleazy while falling short of the satirical edge the material necessitates .
A return to form for Stone 's dark side , `` Savages '' generates ruthless energy and some , but not too much , humor .
`` Savages '' has trouble making us care what happens to the beautiful people - the untouchables - at the center of the sun-baked fairy tale .
Does n't break much new ground in the genre but offers a volatile concoction of violence , heroism , and amorality that is compulsively watchable .
More than two hours long -- and building to two endings , one romantic-tragic and one quasi-ironic and romantic-ludicrous -- Savages is bloated with plot and exposition ...
When John Travolta and Benicio Del Toro show up for extended , cartoonish dialogues , you 'll wonder what year it is , and let out a sigh of relief that the moment is long gone .
With `` Savages , '' Stone gets his mojo back and pulp-fiction fans are all the better for it .
The superb craftsmanship and care behind Savages only helps to underscore what an asinine , unconvincing picture this is .
Frustration turned to irritation by the time the thoroughly anti-climactic , ca n't - make-up-its-mind dénouement finally rolls around .
Oliver Stone 's dynamic direction elevates what could have been just another ultra-violent crime-thriller into an ironic , darkly humorous , and even poignant chronicle .
Stone 's uneven direction veers from near-amateurish genre antics to an enjoyable awareness of those same standards .
After decades of digging beneath the surface , Stone understands the synthesis of good and evil in a way that weekend savages can not .
Ultra-violent but also satirical , with dark humor , luscious photography , and convincing performances .
`` Savages '' is an enjoyably gratuitous romp , but with something to say .
Stone creates a gritty and violent modern crime-thriller that 's both literary and lyrical at the same time .
While this is a ridiculously violent movie at times and there are some big chaotic action scenes , there 's something delicate and small about ` Savages , ' and I like that about it as well .
The perfect Stone-r movie .
The disreputable Oliver Stone of old makes a largely welcome reappearance .
Savages represents at least a partial resurrection of -LSB- Stone 's -RSB- more hallucinatory , violent , sexual and , in a word , savage side .

@highlight

It 's undeniably messy , but Savages finds Oliver Stone returning to dark , fearlessly lurid form .