If they would have trimmed it down a little bit it would be a wonderful movie that would stand the test of time ... but I still think you would enjoy it .
What was in the water when the folks at DreamWorks Animation decided to make a 3-D digital feature about a snail who wants to race in the Indy 500 ?
There 's the odd giggle and diverting adult support from Samuel L Jackson , Snoop Dogg and Paul Giamatti but the ideal audience age range here is knee high to grasshopper .
The snail-eye view of burning up the racetrack at 200 + mph is thrilling ; you 'll think , ` Why am I choking up about a oxymoronic fast snail ? ' Finding one 's bliss is magical !
Turbo is much stronger than Disney 's Planes , and while parents may wonder if it 's the right message to send youngsters that no dream is too big for the dreamer , Turbo is still a solid pick for family movie night .
Boasts one of the most one-note protagonist in animated film history , some troubling racial elements , and a paint-by-numbers execution that makes this film about the dream to go fast feel painfully slow .
The outcome is as predictable as the premise is outrageous in this crowd-pleasing 3D animated comedy .
Turbo is a very cute movie with lots of great animation and elements that the kids are going to love . It 's just a bit hard to swallow .
The animated races are fast and fun , the jokes are hip without being too snarky and the starry voice cast is super .
The graphics are colourful and kinetic in a souped-up computer game sort of way , and there 's pleasure to be had in watching the racetrack zoom by at full throttle .
The racing set-pieces are fizzy enough , but you have to wonder if teaching snails not to be content with their given snail speed is the right message to put out there .
David Soren and his Dreamworks Animatoids follow the Pixar playbook page by well-thumbed page , replicating the utilitarian plotting and kooky characters that lend themselves so completely to merchandise spin-offs .
The picture has an energy which dares you to confine the term ` snail 's pace ' to history .
This flashy fantasia attempts to fuel-inject an American dream that is stuck in a recessionary slow lane .
Whizzy and superficial , this is n't the most complicated animated film ever made , but it 's a lot of fun if you can buy into its silly premise about a snail who moves at super-fast speed .
Keys perfectly into being young and little .
It 's good fun , especially for smaller children , and looks fabulous .
A perfectly enjoyable and often funny animation film with a stellar cast behind it , but the predictable storyline and underwhelming 3D effects are a little disappointing .
A zippy and good-natured adventure that hones in on its target audience from the get-go .
Fast and furiously good natured , it certainly puts the gas into gastropod .
Kids should be game for the ride , and the colourful characters offer humour and poignancy .
Visually colourful but narratively bland ... Turbo zips through your brain without leaving a mark .
If you want to see Paul Giamatti as a snail - and who does n't - you 've come to the right place .
For a $ 135 million movie , Turbo is charmingly humble .
Though kids of 10 years old or so are bound to love this film -LRB- that 's what matters , really -RRB- , sadly the generic , unoriginal nature to this film leaves the adult audience left wanting .
With a bright production design enlivened by strong 3D , and a simple , likeable story about self-actualisation , it 's a slow but sure winner .
Though the `` be yourself '' theme is becoming a little too familiar what really sparks the proceedings here are the lashings of wily humour , the takedown of hero worship and a terrific subtext about overcoming the limits others put on you .
I 'd like to see family-oriented flicks take a few more chances but for what it is , Turbo makes for decent viewing .
The latest DreamWorks animation epic Turbo offers gorgeous imagery -LRB- duh -RRB- , a nifty star vocal cast , some sweet gags and a plot that , even by these proudly fantasy-heavy standards , is pretty damn silly . But anyway ...
Perfectly predictable but endlessly entertaining and boasting amazing animation , Turbo is yet another zero to hero st
Filled with inventive ideas , wacky concepts and characters so colourful they are off the rainbow chart , Turbo is a breath of fresh air guaranteed to delight youngsters and adults alike
An almost excessively innocuous animated endeavor ...
The buildup to the inevitable big race is a lot more fun than the climax itself .
A snail with the need for speed turns into the best animated film I have seen all year . We may have seen this all in Ratatouille but it still seems fresh as a slug .
Yes , it 's inevitable that somebody utters the words `` there 's nothing in the rules that says a snail ca n't enter the race , '' because if someone did n't say it , we would n't have a movie .
It is aggressive , poisonous in its mediocrity , not just denuded of imagination and creativity but openly contemptuous of the idea of such things .
Good animation plus strong voice talent make this a solid family entertainment film .
dutifully and cheerfully follows a well-worn path and rarely if ever deviates from the rising-underdog formula , and while it does n't break any new ground , what it does it does quite well
After the originality of the hero , the filmmakers borrow too heavily from other movies ; the similarities to `` Ratatouille '' and `` Cars '' are almost distracting .
With Turbo , it feels like large swaths of what it should accomplish are simply omitted -LRB- although not for time , at 96 minutes it drags considerably -RRB- .
Turbo is a harmless underdog story for kids with well-executed racing sequences but a flat approach to characterization and unchallenging life lessons .
The prevailing sense with Turbo is that it 's overly calculated while receiving none of the basic care and attention it requires in order to thrive .
I feel the need ... the need for speed -LRB- y snails -RRB-
the movie seems to understand its own near-abject ridiculousness ... without getting overly nudge-nudge wink-wink ...
Is n't a great movie , but it is entertaining enough to put a smile on most faces
-LSB- An -RSB- energetic , funny cartoon about a plucky garden snail .
-LSB- Turbo -RSB- is a victim of bad timing , uninspired animation and voice talents that range from perfect to perfectly awful .
If you can suspend your disbelief long enough and high enough , the film works as a goofy tale about following your dreams , playing to your strengths and never letting anyone tell you you 're out of your league or crazy .
Entertaining and agreeably performed , Turbo is a pleasant diversion for younger audiences . A little nutty , but friendly and colorful .
An underdog story with a slime trail all its own .
Too bad there is n't a lot more you can say about Turbo than `` That snail is fast . '' He is , but that 's not character development .
By the time Turbo reaches the finish line , this new iteration of the fable about pursuing one 's dreams no matter how unlikely they seem joins the winner 's circle without quite nabbing the trophy .
Turbo accomplishes what it sets out to do -- it will entertain kids , and it wo n't make parents feel ripped off .
The film looks great -LRB- which is barely even worth mentioning in reviews of CGI movies anymore -RRB- , but it has problems under the hood .
` Turbo ' is energetic and colorful . It 's a cute first project for director and co-writer David Soren , one that will have no trouble getting its young target audience to cheer for its underdog hero .
Kids ... will probably ho-hum their way through Turbo happily enough and forget it moments later . But they deserve better , too , than this lackluster , generic kiddie flick .
`` Turbo '' is n't a perfect cartoon , but it 's so likable that , like its humble hero , you have to root for it .
Far from sluggish , Turbo is as fast-paced and entertaining as its nitrous-fueled hero thanks to a fun story and some great voice acting .
Turbo is pleasantly mediocre , easy to watch and dismissible by the time you hit the parking lot .
There 's nothing new here , just old stuff in a new-ish package . This movie 's enjoyable , but never as daring or bizarre as it could have been .
A derivative but nevertheless good-hearted movie that 's peppered with enough clever touches to engage adults as well as moviegoers of the smaller , squirmier variety .
Speedy snail dreams big in fun animated comedy .
The story is inspirational , but the movie is n't . Small kids will probably get a kick out of it , but parents will most likely be bored . I know I was . Even my 9 year old did n't care for it .
Destined to be remembered only as That Snail Movie .
A sort-of escargot-meets - `` Cars '' adventure , it has some sharp vocal turns and remains fun even when its inventiveness runs out of gas .
Turbo wo n't set the world of animation on fire , but it 's a fun movie .
The silly characters are the heart and center of the film and kids will most likely be racing out for their very own `` Turbo '' action figures
`` Turbo '' dutifully follows this blueprint and therefore never strives to be anything more than satisfactory , middle-of-the-road , family entertainment .
Ultimately , `` Turbo '' nicely lives up to its diminutive hero 's credo of , `` No dream is too big , and no dreamer too small '' - a pleasant thought , for people of all sizes .
Let 's face it : Kids are n't a very demanding audience . If there 's color , movement , and a high quotient of silliness , they 're happy .
DreamWorks ' 3-D confection ... featuring Ryan Reynolds as a garden-trolling slowpoke who dreams of Indianapolis 500 glory .
Turbo 's colourful trek to product placement-littered Indianapolis is as rote as it gets , but little viewers wo n't care about predictability .
Honestly , they pretty much had me at `` racing snails . ''
One of those dull films where parents are gon na have to take one for the team and suffer through .
I think ` Turbo ' is the most pleasant surprise of the 2013 summer movie season . -LRB- Full Parental Review also available -RRB-
Great voice talent in a story that puts the `` go '' in escargot .
Fairly predictable ... but the characters and their progressions are simply too appealing for that predictability to hinder the film 's charm .
While ` Turbo ' is n't a chore for an adult , it comes close enough to make the differences between Dreamworks and Pixar more apparent than ever .
Even in the absence of originality , there is fun to be had , thanks to some loopy , clever jokes -LRB- the script is by Darren Lemke , Robert Siegel and David Soren , who directed -RRB- and a lively celebrity voice cast ...
Has some appealing characters , a few laughs and then devolves into a predictable Tortoise and the Hare spinoff .
A routine yet charming underdog tale , `` Turbo '' is affable and amusing from start to finish , suitable for kids of just about any age while not boring the adults who tag along .
A well-intentioned but sorely misguided fable .
Turbo rises above its familiarity and makes for a charming , if predictable , experience .
... this may be the most entertaining animated movie of the summer .
Turbo is a good time . It 's also an occasionally troubling one .
While mostly harmless , a sluggish Turbo sputters its way to the finish line .
`` Turbo '' has just enough heart to make it to the winner 's circle .
An easy recommendation , well-considered and well-executed , a treat for anyone who likes comedy or ambitious takes on make-believe worlds .
Content to be merely cheerfully clichéd , it 's an assembly-line kids ' film that , unlike its daring protagonist , risks little , and thus reaps only modest rewards .
A fresh , fast and funny little fable about a freakishly fast garden snail who tries to enter the Indy 500 .
The suspense Soren achieves in his very slow finish line finale is as ironic as the film 's whole concept .
Running on fumes long before the final lap .
There 's certainly no harm in seeing `` Turbo . '' Competent , pretty funny in places , awfully nice to look at , that sort of thing .
All Turbo does is give Reynolds , Paul Giamatti , Samuel L. Jackson and Snoop Dogg the easiest paychecks they 'll ever make , and its corporate overlords the chance to sell a few toys .
For all its chronic familiarity , the movie has its minor pleasures , many of them visual . Though at this point it 's basically a given that a new studio-animated movie will look good , Turbo often looks downright exceptional .
There 's nothing remotely revolutionary about Turbo 's underdog-sports narrative , but ... the film 's emotional beats are no less potent for being expected , thanks to the ground-level focus on the human-snail relationships that fuel them .
It seems `` slow and steady wins the race '' does n't carry much weight in an era of instant gratification .
Takes a fundamentally dopey idea - a snail competing in the Indy 500 - and converts it into an enjoyable adventure with plenty of get-up-and-escargot .
Wimbledon does n't expressly prohibit rhinos either , but something tells me the eligibility of a magic , tennis-playing rhino would n't be a quick decision .
As a film about social issues , and simply being yourself , it 's commendably progressive , going so far as serving as a kind of coming-out story .
It 's a sweet , endearing ` Fast and Furious ' animated comedy , a fun-filled adventure for adrenaline junkies of all ages .
A `` Cars '' with snails -- cute , but SLUGgish .
Novelty and a time-worn storyline mingle to mixed results in DreamWorks ' animated feature ` Turbo . '
A family-friendly talking animal underdog sports film that basically condones the use of performance-enhancing drugs . Somewhere , Rudy Ruettiger is crying .
A hilarious , high-octane variation of Aesop 's fable about The Tortoise and the Hare !
An attractively designed but narratively challenged , one-note film .
While there 's no denying that the film is a harmless , wholesome , and heart-warming ride crafted with polish and skill , it 's also so predictable that you 'll see every twist in the story driving down Fifth Avenue .
Showcases a bit of wily imagination but quickly ducks back into its shell , opting for a safe , all-too-familiar athletic story of underdog triumph .
Co-writer/director David Soren 's story offers little that even the average 6-year-old could n't imagine , though the film 's considerable charm comes through via its characters and sense of humor .

@highlight

It 's nowhere near as inventive as its off-the-wall premise might suggest , but Turbo boasts just enough colorful visual thrills and sharp voice acting to recommend as undemanding family-friendly fare .