If the movie had simply aimed it a little lower , it would n't have missed so many shots .
Bright uses barely developed magical elements to tell a barely developed story about racism and prejudice in America . On both fronts , it fails .
`` Bright 's problem is that it creates a very interesting social context , but it will only be used to stage an ... entertainment movie without true ambition . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Neither better nor worse than the usual Hollywood Blockbuster . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
In `` Bright '' humanity is as ugly and careless as the filmmakers .
The concept of Bright is way more interesting than the execution of Bright ... there are lines in the movie where I really said , `` that was written ? ''
Bright 's failur does not lie in its hybrid nature , which is not without complexities , but in its inability to exploit this potential . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Bright is a film trying too hard , with an execution that leaves something to be desired .
There are some great ideas inside of this sea of mess . Entertaining , yet crashes on execution . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An all-round boondoggle of the first order .
-LSB- Bright -RSB- is a mishmash of Smith films you 've already seen , just with a whole lot more explosions and gun action .
Bright is an entertaining-enough high-concept feature with a few glaring holes that fans of its director , cop-corruption auteur David Ayer , will likely enjoy .
The story is a mash-up . It can brush up against current events , but not enough for anything to stick .
Ugly , dumb , incoherent , and preposterously silly - a lethal cocktail when heading for the exit is as easy as the press of a button .
Not a terrible movie , but it 's not original or fun enough to warrant the time commitment considering far better options just as readily available .
Perhaps expecting Bright to ask pertinent questions or think beyond its `` Orc is the New Black '' conceit was too much . As such , the limited world-building is just window-dressing for a basic survive-the-night thriller that putters along on toxic fumes
Critics are foolish to believe they have the critical tools to make meaningful judgments about a movie as confounding as Bright . They just do n't . I do n't . We have to admit this fact and surrender to Bright .
The world we 're being asked to engage with is never completely believable and the buddy movie clichés and heavy handed social commentary become uneasy bedfellows in a schizophrenic , undisciplined movie that eventually deteriorates .
It 's an utterly silly , completely ridiculous premise , seemingly born out of algorithm-generated , genre-hybrid logic .
David Ayers is successful , but Bright will barely show up as the new fantastic saga . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Ayer certainly likes to do that one thing , but after a 12 years of making urban horror shows with shell-shocked characters , perhaps enough is enough . Even with magic in the mix , this is moldy routine .
It does n't even come close to tapping into the potential of its premise , instead opting for cheap shock value and a generic story .
... the movie delivers a unique if imperfect two-hour distraction .
The set-up is enjoyable and the ending gives a hint that there may be more to come .
I 'm not sure the racial allegory adds up to anything much , but give Bright credit for being unlike anything else the movies are serving up these days .
Bright is a muddled mess of a film that fails to produce any fresh concepts or creative ideas by mashing together two distinctly different genres .
Bright did not care about its women characters - though clearly , -LSB- Noomi -RSB- Rapace and -LSB- Lucy -RSB- Fry did . It 's a shame the movie 's script was n't strong enough to communicate all the work they had done to fill out their characters ' backgrounds .
Bright is too boring to be the Best Worst Movie of 2017 . It might just be the Worst Worst Movie of 2017 .
In the end , it all feels like a polished waste of an opportunity .
Unfortunately , the results are laughable .
-LSB- Will Smith -RSB- handles his hard-boiled one-liners wonderfully .
-LSB- Dark -RSB- marks yet another career low for star Will Smith , who has arguably appeared in the worst movie of the year in four of the last five years .
The world-building is credible , but the plot could n't be any more stereotypical and predictable . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
One feels bad for Smith , who looks weary beyond what his character feels ; it 's as though he finds it exhausting to deliver the trite hard-boiled dialogue .
This pair 's adventure , which is equal parts gunplay and magic , is a bit dull at heart , but the well-imagined setting livens things up .
Bright is basically a tired buddy-cop movie dressed up in bizarre trappings .
Bright could have been a great movie in the hands of people with expertise in allegorical storytelling and understanding of the subjects they wanted to tackle .
Coming in just under the wire for consideration as the worst movie of the year , this big-budget Netflix original -LSB- is -RSB- a mess of apocalyptic proportions , a black hole of a movie that sucks all life from the screen .
Diverting , if daft . This is a film that would have fallen flat on its face if it were not for the charisma of its lead actors .
In the end , this is just a boring , lazy film with no soul .
It 's the kind of film that sets up a compelling sandbox in which to play , and then smashes gracelessly through it , cackling all the while .
If you had told me that one day we 'd get an R-Rated buddy cop movie with centaur police , orc gang bangers , socialite elves , and dragons flying under the an LA moon , I would never have believed it .
If the point of the film is to somehow succeed where others have failed in the past at making Will Smith unlikable in a character portrayal , it almost gets there .
Bright seeks a balance it never strikes . It 's a boldly written and brazenly directed film , and while that kind of confidence has both merit and a place in Hollywood , it just does n't translate well here .
By no means as clever as it thinks it is ...
Ironically , it 's exactly the kind of Z-grade blockbuster that people would typically describe by saying ` Eh , just wait and watch it on Netflix . '
Netflix 's misguided mashup is like Lethal Weapon meets Lord Of The Rings but does star Will Smith no favors .
Trolls the viewer and condescends to genre fans . A smirking , tone-deaf parable about racism that is itself racist , including about its made-up orcs and elves .
The film creates an audacious alternative reality where orcs , elves and fairies live among us and form part of a vibrant criminal underworld . The first 30 minutes , at least , is wildly accomplished film-making from the director David Ayer .
Dumb fun is still fun .
Bright is a bloated , expensive mess , a Netflix movie with blockbuster aspirations and faerie-sized brains .
Bright plays like the kind of movie a kid might make up -LRB- `` And then this happens ! And then this happens ! '' -RRB- if they were given a very rough overview of American history and then told to write a script about it .
Finally , high fantasy for the sunglasses-on-the-back-of-the-head set .
You ca n't spell `` law force '' without `` orc . '' And you ca n't spell `` David Ayer 's twelfth cop movie ?? '' without `` Why develop ? Is it a dare ? ''
An absolute mess .
Bright is n't so bad it 's good-it 's mostly just a dud . A dud to end the year might be the conclusion 2017 deserves , but we do n't .
It 's imperfect and perhaps could have been more , butBrightsuccessfully merges fantastical qualities with the cop movie clichs we know and keep coming back for .
Where there is a Will Smith there is a way .
At its best , Bright offers a clever critique of racism from a world of spells and sorcery . It 's complicated .
In the end , Bright pulls off the uncommon -LRB- and not at all admirable -RRB- hat trick of being confusing , boring , and vaguely insulting about the matters it wants to appear smart on .
Worth watching for the sight of Will Smith beating a fairy to death with a broom , but it takes a far more sophisticated grasp of the fantasy concept to really get away with Mordor .
Critics have already lined up to pillory Bright as among the year 's worst releases . Do n't believe the clickbait .
Bills itself as part buddy-cop movie , part lavish fantasy , does neither justice , resulting in lazy nonsense that 's too silly to be good and too self-serious to be any fun .
... this is a bit of a mess when it comes to story and a heavy-handed attempt at offering a social message .
Bright is as close to pointless as a sci-fi action-adventure fantasy parable about racism with an expensive cast and ersatz runic undertones can get .
Bright has some merit , especially if you 're into magic wands , explosions , gun fights and Will Smith , but perhaps the most disappointing thing about the film is that it could have been so much more .
Tons of language , violence in fantasy/cop movie mash-up .
... ultimately `` Bright '' simply lacks the screenwriting smarts to capitalize on the social commentary in its setup that it so nakedly attempts to harness .
Bright wants to say something about racial prejudice and it wants to be a badass R-rated genre movie . Those good intentions are evident but the end result is a two hour-long , tedious , uninspired slog .
This is what it looks like when good ideas go bad . A sequel , naturally , has already been greenlit . Go orc yourself , Hollywood .
A welter of dissonant intentions , the film fails to seamlessly intertwine its elements of realism and fantasy .
Neither a satisfying treaty on diversity and ` race ' wars , nor a fulfilling fantasy , it derails at the end of the first act with a confusing moment of anti-heroism , and never recovers .
Dungeons and Dragons-style fantasy , with its species-specific stats and attributes , is a pretty suspect well to draw from if you 're trying to pull off some kind of modern-day race relations metaphor .
The result is a loud , ungainly hybrid that does not serve police procedurals or fantasy spectaculars very well .
Bright never lives up to the potential of its high-concept , but it 's still a fun B-movie diversion that will play well enough during any Saturday afternoon Netflix session .
While we should all know better than to expect much from director David Ayer , he , usually , does decent action . In Bright , it 's mind-numbingly dull - some stabby , stabby over here , some bang , bang over there . Oops , you 're dead .
David Ayer does n't stray far from his wheelhouse , even with the fantasy aspects . Bright can be genuinely summed up as End of Watch with magical creatures . That 's not a negative .
This would-be streaming blockbuster comes off as a pale , almost Asylum-like imitation of big-scale Hollywood product .
Bright takes a bunch of gobbledygook from The Lord of the Rings , liquefies it in a blender and pours it liberally over the same `` corrupt cop comes to a moral crossroads '' blueprint that Ayer has been copying since Training Day .
Bright is a series of disconnected action vignettes that work as standalone sequences , but do n't hang together in any kind of meaningful way .
In the end , it 's probably a blessing for Bright that it ended up on Netflix , where it can sit in a queue for as long as the audience wants . It 's the opposite of must-see .
Middling Earth : a dreadful , misguided , ridiculous idea .
Potentially a dark harbinger of things to come , Bright is n't only the worst film of 2017 , it could be responsible for many of the worst films of 2018 and beyond .
This movie is an absolute wreck-which is unfortunate , as it is also something of a big debut for Netflix 's original-films shingle .
Ultimately , the biggest problem with Bright is that it squeezes nudity , profanity and blood into the kind of dopey adventure that should be aimed more at adolescents - right down to its simplistic lessons about tolerance .
That old Hollywood standby , the venerable buddy cop movie , may have met its anguished demise this holiday season . Will Smith just killed it .
For all its flaws , Bright is still a headlong leap into a bracingly different new world . Cinema could do with more of that .
Bright never convinces you that it has thought through the rules of its alternate reality , with the result that you ca n't suspend disbelief , and it is n't a reality .
While Smith is as full of charm and bravado as ever , it 's Edgerton who steals the show .
This ambitious , yet astonishingly well-executed Netflix tentpole directly benefits from the way Ayer 's gritty , streetwise sensibility grounds Landis ' gift for creating an elaborate comic-book mythology .
Let 's just hope if there is a follow-up , that it comes with a few more three-dimensional characters and original storytelling .
Stars Will Smith and Joel Edgerton play it mostly straight here , doing their part to sell the dopey premise , but the screenplay offers viewers little reward for our own suspension of disbelief .
If that phrase `` machine-gun-toting , acrobatic elf ninja assassins '' fires a neuron or two , you 're gon na have a good time ...

@highlight

Bright tries to blend fantasy , hard-hitting cop drama , and social commentary -- and ends up falling painfully short of the mark on all three fronts .