The tale is fascinating , not just for cycling enthusiasts , but connoisseurs of the human condition .
This film , if not a whitewash , has a touch of the fanboy about it .
Perhaps it would have been better if Gibney had told us something we did n't already know .
Rigorously researched yet repetitive , it never quite hits the button .
The Armstrong Lie has several insightful moments but is most interesting in how it shows us a filmmaker usually committed to finding the absolute truth in his subjects , suffering when he comes across a story where lies and truth constantly intertwine .
-LRB- ... -RRB- a riveting , insider 's view of the unravelling of one of the most extraordinary stories in the history of sports . Alex Gibney 's two-hour movie races by in what feels like minutes .
The Armstrong Lie is a very good sports documentary , but does n't reach far enough to become one of the best nonfiction films of the year .
-LSB- A -RSB- nother brilliant documentary from the ever-incisive Alex Gibney ... not about cycling but the power of celebrity ...
The lie is the least of it in Gibney 's personal documentary
INCISIVE as it is infuriating , The Armstrong Lie chronicles the greatest fraud ever perpetuated in the history of organised sport .
It 's an open wound of a documentary , sure , yet there is a pervasive sense Armstrong is using it as another means to redeem his public reputation ... You might well find yourself sympathising with him more than reason would otherwise allow .
The flow is constantly punctured by Gibney 's interjections , as if we were hearing it from a jilted ex .
The Armstrong Lie gives great insight into a champion sportsman whose position at the top of his game meant he thought he could get away with anything .
It 's a meticulous examination of a particularly ruthless brand of power game-playing .
Gibney 's gripping documentary is a breathtaking expose , not only of cyclist Lance Armstrong as a drug cheat , but one that explores deep into the culture of the sport of cycling and its intrinsic doping problems
It 's a compelling story , though it does n't really sustain a two-hour plus running time .
The Armstrong Lie presents an interesting perspective on him , and on his role in the science of doping .
The Armstrong Lie is a fascinating portrait of a man in denial , told from the firsthand perspective of Gibney , who himself was duped at a certain level by Armstrong 's own confidence and charm .
We see an athlete for whom winning came before any sense of sportsmanship , catalysed by a cognitive dissonance that saw him come to believe his own lies .
It 's entirely possible you ca n't get to the heart of Armstrong because there is no heart , but I 'd like to have seen someone have a go .
As for the historical record of -LSB- Armstrong 's -RSB- legacy , Gibney 's doc makes a good first draft .
Armstrong comes across as both admirably resilient and frighteningly selfish , his treatment of those who crossed him -LRB- teammates with whom he doped , for example -RRB- tellingly callous , his refusal to be beaten bizarrely engaging .
Power must never be mistaken for virtue , warns Gibney , and self-regulation does n't work . Even the best of us need to be kept an eye on .
This biographical documentary about disgraced cyclist Lance Armstrong feels eerily gentle compared to filmmaker Alex Gibney 's recent films , the WikiLeaks doc We Steal Secrets and the Catholic priest expose Mea Maxima Culpa .
Forensic detail is , one supposes , a little less easy to flog than damp-eyed talking heads . But one ca n't help but feel this film leaves an even more interesting story untold .
A worthy effort but Armstrong remains a tough nut to crack .
The least convincing Alex Gibney documentary I have seen .
A striking but flawed documentary ...
A fascinating portrait of both Armstrong himself and the mechanics of the lie he maintained throughout his seven Tour de France victories ...
Ultimately , it 's not just Armstrong that emerges as the villain of the piece - the whole sport looks pretty grubby too .
Alex Gibney delivers another smart and enthralling documentary ...
The Armstrong Lie is a lean , searing and detailed portrait of human frailty that requires no prior interest in either Armstrong or his sport .
What will take your breath away is how viciously Armstrong crushed and humiliated anyone who dared to make allegations against him ,
Berg is doubtless sincere about paying tribute to Luttrell and his comrades - you just wish his salute was n't so jingoistic and clichéd .
A documentary of two halves , Gibney 's character study of Armstrong is tough and forensic .
A master docu-maker gets the inside dope on a master dissembler . It requires stamina , but its charismatic subject exerts genuine magnetism .
Much to the chagrin of Oscar-winning director Alex Gibney , the title of his latest documentary is hardly a revelation .
Gibney finds himself between mythmakers and mythbusters
While never dull , The Armstrong Lie is too long at 122 minutes , with much of the material feeling repetitive and far from illuminating .
Faced with an opponent desperately clinging to the last vestiges of his reputation , Gibney uncharacteristically fails to fully pull back the curtain .
Lie emerges as less an indictment of our celebrity-obsessed culture -LRB- Armstrong 's case is too specific -RRB- than a portrait of an incredibly demanding sport .
An admirably comprehensive film about a frustratingly hard-to-pin-down man , and a postmortem to one of the most heartbreaking betrayals of fans that the sports world has seen .
Gibney tries in vain to get to the heart of the story . Probing questions get answered , but most viewers wo n't be satisfied .
Even those who believe they could n't think less of the disgraced Tour de France-winning cyclist will regard `` The Armstrong Lie '' as the final nail in the coffin he built himself .
While the movie includes enough details about the physiology , strategy and marketing of bike racing to satisfy some of our curiosity , other questions remain unanswered .
`` The Armstrong Lie '' feels like wheel-spinning , outraged that Armstrong lied not only to millions of people but to Gibney and then not pushing the evidence to the finish line .
Suggests , not as forcefully as it should , that the real addicts here are not the cyclists but the sports industry professionals , sponsors , fans and other look-the-other-way enablers ...
Gibney does a good job of relating -LSB- the -RSB- viciousness to Armstrong 's powerful will to win - or at least his will to beat people .
The tale has plenty of resonance off the race course . As sportswriter Dan Coyle says in the film , `` It 's not a story about doping , it 's a story about power . ''
This documentary about one of the best deceivers in modern history feels like a heavyweight match of wits before it even begins .
Even if you 're not a big fan of bicycling or of Armstrong , it 's riveting .
While it could be dismissed as basic schadenfreude , The Armstrong Lie cuts deeper , revealing a huckster who honestly believed his own fiction .
... had Armstrong never been accused of doping would Gibney 's film still have its original title ?
`` The Armstrong Lie '' simply offers up the Armstrong lie . Sorry , but we 've all already heard that one .
The Armstrong Lie is eye-opening and myth-shattering and more than a little depressing .
Gibney gives the truth as full an airing as seems humanly possible , given that the subject is a world-class liar .
A well made film about one messed up dude .
As a comprehensive look at the Armstrong affair , as well as an often complex examination of power dynamics in professional sports , it 's fascinating and highly watchable .
Only when it gets personal does The Armstrong Lie pick up speed .
The bitterest parts of Gibney 's movie are the interviews with the former teammates who were caught doping , and whom Armstrong , when he was still officially clean , viciously turned on .
Gibney took a film that was supposed to be about the resurrection of a sports star and turned it into an epic indictment of one man and an entire culture . The lesson is obvious : Never throw anything out .
While there are no new explosive revelations in The Armstrong Lie - and , at just over two hours , it 's a touch too long - it 's still a mesmerizing cautionary tale .
The movie captures a very modern approach to public scandal : Confession without remorse .
There 's a palpable sense of sadness , more than outrage or betrayal , to the film .
This scalding documentary follows along the lines of classic Greek tragedy , revealing how the fear of humiliation is one of the greatest motivators in human behavior .
To look at Armstrong as he semi-justifies his decisions is to see the definition of arrogance . He defies you to challenge him , as he has done for so long .
A retread ... This is the first Gibney film that feels superfluous .
Works best in its simplest form : when Lance Armstrong directly addresses the camera , both in 2009 and in 2013 .
Gibney frames his film as being somewhat catch as catch can , and it is ... educates about the details of doping , the ` moral relativism ' so pervasive in the age of juiced athletics , and the willful ignorance that attends it .
You 'd have to start looking into ancient Greek tragedy to top it as a showcase for pure , unadulterated hubris . That 's one of the things that makes The Armstrong Lie , which has more on its mind than the mere debunking of a tarnished hero , so worthwhile .
While the film is frequently interesting , Gibney has a hard time addressing the elephant in the locker room .
None of the athlete 's words really answer Gibney 's central question . Perhaps we 're just supposed to see it in his eyes .
It 's good that -LSB- documentarian Alex -RSB- Gibney does n't turn -LSB- Lance -RSB- Armstrong into a martyr , but that 's mostly because he does n't have anything to say .
The Armstrong Lie is one of the best batches of lemonade ever made from a severely bruised lemon .
Gibney assembles a damning case against the athlete , but what distinguishes this from other accounts of the scandal is the filmmaker 's admission that , while shooting a documentary about Armstrong 's 2009 comeback , he smothered his own innate skepticism .
To mixed success , `` The Armstrong Lie '' allows Gibney generous time and space to explain what sort of movie he started out to make and what kind of confessional he ended up making .
In some ways , the most powerful lies are the ones we tell ourselves .
The prime artifact of -LSB- Gibney 's -RSB- film is in capturing Armstrong 's persona , a man ... who we see time and time again lie through his teeth with what appears to be a clear conscience .
Beautifully shot and edited , even after you know the horrible things Armstrong did to good people who only wanted the truth to come out , you ca n't help but realize how charming he is . I hated to see it end .
For all the detail , very little will come across as new to followers of the scandal over the years .
The filmmaker has experienced the lie firsthand on multiple occasions , imbuing the project with the ire of the personal frustrations experienced by many of Armstrong 's fans .
Gibney 's film paints a picture of an overly ambitious man whose supreme , almost clinical , self-confidence severed his connection to reality and truth .
`` The Armstrong Lie '' is truly singular , a tale of ambition that 's almost mad enough to be mythic .
Mr. Armstrong , for all his gifts and hard work , emerges as a hollow man , corrupted by glory , protecting what remains of his reputation .
Overall , Gibney does a fine job documenting the timeless nature of Armstrong 's fall from grace .
The Armstrong Lie is rarely boring , and it 's beautifully shot by French-born cinematographer Maryse Alberti . But the film is more illuminating about the corrupt sports industry than it is about its subject .
Lance Armstrong 's next career could be sleazy politician or used car salesman . He lies with such conviction it 's terrifying .
` The Armstrong Lie ' gives a good enough summary of the sport and its shenanigans -LRB- and by implication those of others .
The movie rambles at two-plus hours , but the provocation never stops .
For anyone who 's not sick of hearing about the ongoing Armstrong saga -LRB- he 's still facing millions of dollars in lawsuits -RRB- , it 's a well-executed synopsis of a whopper of a fall-from-grace story .
The film offers a definite sting as Armstrong 's former teammates dish on who saw what and when .
What Gibney offers is uniquely cinematic : an emotional connection to a beguiling man , who gives you reason both to respect and revile him .
Strong stuff , a film that scalds its subject - who still does n't seem to understand what he 's done that 's pissed so many people off .
A film that 's supposedly about a disgraced bicycle racer becomes a film about why we 're so eager to believe things - or invent things - that are evidently untrue , or at least unlikely .
It 's a fascinating film that points the finger at a charismatic master of deception - as well as our willingness to buy his deceit .
Gibney wants to make a point about how so many people were eager to embrace that story , but counting himself among the duped seems fishy . It 's his own false narrative , useful for framing a feature-length documentary .
This smart documentary suggests that Armstrong was arresting not despite his monstrous ego and competitiveness but because of those factors .
As thoroughly damning as it is , this deserved beat-down feels a bit late to the Lance Armstrong lynching .
Given Armstrong 's squirminess on the couch , you 'll wish this profile had traded a portion of its deep background for a little in-the-moment boldness .
To use a phrase from the film , The Armstrong Lie is a `` myth-buster . '' It 's wholly necessary , brilliantly executed , and a complete bummer .
Anyone holding a strong opinion about Lance Armstrong 's dramatic rise to the top of competitive cycling and sour fall from grace should see Alex Gibney 's from-the-horse 's - mouth documentary .
The film ca n't entirely avoid the feeling of a less-productive score-settling hit piece , as if Alex Gibney was making this film merely to stick it to the subject that screwed him big time .
An unforgiving , unflattering portrait of a fallen athlete and inspiration .
As an embarrassingly obvious liar , I am constantly fascinated by how others do it , and Gibney gives you many opportunities to study a master .
The film seems complicit in his `` do n't hate the player , hate the game '' attitude about doping which fails to justify his own metastasized dishonesty , and especially the vindictiveness with which he destroyed the lives and livelihoods of his opponents .
Gibney may not be as biting as in his previous work ... The man -LSB- Armstrong -RSB- still feels like an enigma .
The Armstrong Lie is n't as comprehensive or as confident in its lid-blowing as Gibney 's previous work , but nevertheless this is a compelling study of an athlete 's desire to win .
The Armstrong Lie is always compelling , and Gibney deserves credit for putting his own naiveté up on the screen for the world to see .
Engaging , punchy documentary .
A quite absorbing but never riveting or revelatory overview of Armstrong 's career and testy personality .
Alex Gibney delivers not just a detailed , full-access account of his subject , in all his defiance , hubris and tentative self-reckoning , but also a layered inquiry into the culture of competitiveness , celebrity , moral relativism and hypocrisy .
It ... succeeds as a probing look into the mechanics of an epic lie , and because of the emotion at its heart .
By embracing contradictions and examining the making of a lie , The Armstrong Lie demonstrates how elusive the truth can be even when the facts are known about a widely recognized figure .
At once one of Gibney 's most humanly compelling works , and one of his more rhetorically inconsistent .
If you followed the scandal closely over the years , it 'll likely feel like going over old ground ... for all its flaws , the film offers as compelling and fair a summary of the case and the man for those less well-versed in the tale ...
Gibney 's own conflicted feelings toward Armstrong -- awe and admiration mingled with a true fan 's fury at being duped -- make for a compellingly nuanced depiction .
Where Gibney 's film succeeds is in the way it lays bare the theatre of the Tour de France to mug bystanders like me who assumed it was a straightforward cycling competition .

@highlight

Smartly constructed and scathingly sharp , The Armstrong Lie presents an effective indictment of its unscrupulous subject -- as well as the sports culture that spawned him .