I might even go out on a limb and actually say that Meet Dave is , um , good .
I 'm sure a more refined filmmaker could 've squeezed the premise tighter for sophisticated laughs , but as family-angled sci-fi comedies go , Dave is actually quite agreeable . Who knew Murphy still had some fun left in him ?
A comedian known for his brash wit and go-for-broke charm , Murphy used to be willing to say anything to get a laugh . Now , he 's clearly willing to do anything .
Failure could n't happen to a nicer guy .
... one could certainly do much worse as far as Murphy 's family-friendly output goes .
If you think Eddie Murphy lost his mojo about 20 years ago and has been lacking clear comedic judgment ever since , then you 've got to see this for confirmation . Or maybe not .
The new film is mildly amusing family entertainment , but when discussing the career of one of our most seasoned comic actors , `` mildly amusing '' can only be regarded as a letdown .
The puzzler that is Eddie Murphy 's career continues apace with this low-fi kiddy-oriented affair featuring the comedian as both a human-shaped spaceship called Dave Ming-chang and the commander of said vessel .
There 's a delicious irony to the way in which this supposedly heartwarming comedy gives the impression of having itself been devised by a race of extra-terrestrials with only a tentative grasp of what constitutes heart or humour .
This is made-for-TV material dressed up by Eddie Murphy 's participation into a theatrical release .
den hanei stigmi ap ' ta matia toy to one-joke thema toy , kai agkomahaei mehri to telos na soy anamasisei ayta ta mikra paraksena pragmata poy mas kanoyn anthropoys ki enas eksogiinos tha ebriske paranoika
certainly a step up from Norbit ...
Avoid like the plague .
A movie starring Eddie Murphy used to mean something good . Now it just means that you should avoid anything he does at all costs . MEET DAVE is a disaster of epic proportions .
Heralding a return to form for Eddie Murphy , this cleverly conceived and executed sci-fi comedy offers plenty of laughs for all ages . The considerable challenge for the filmmakers was to streamline three realities and make each one credible .
Unless you 're a die-hard Eddie Murphy fan , there 's no reason for you to ` Meet Dave , ' a substandard comedy that should have gone straight to DVD .
Likeable sci-fi comedy with some nice ideas and two surprisingly charming performances from Eddie Murphy , though it 's not as funny as it could have been .
Better than average but not worth phoning home about .
Doug Cooper - There 's the odd chuckle to be had , it 's fast-paced and colourful ... but overall it 's over-stuffed and chaotic .
Murphy far outshines the material .
Contrary to what its altogether hideous advertising campaign would have you think , the latest collaboration between Eddie Murphy and Norbit director Brian Robbins is not , in fact , the worst movie ever made .
Even for a high-concept , lowbrow summer release Meet Dave is drab , shoddy work .
Eddie Murphy redeems himself somewhat with this family friendly film
-LRB- Murphy -RRB- never loses focus , although the one-dimensional nature of the script might provoke a few yawns among frequent moviegoers .
Is n't an awful film because it 's Eddie Murphy , it 's awful because most of the `` comedy '' presented is flat , lacking in any hint of timing , and is dated by about thirty years ...
The subplot in Meet Dave is too complicated for a film of this type . It drags the entire story down with it . However , this did give the screenwriters an excuse to camp up the situation .
Wholly bland entertainment that never rises above sitcom humor .
Tedious time-waster that apologizes to its family-friendly audience with , ` Sorry , Earth , sometimes No. 2 happens ! '
I walked out of Meet Dave ... I invested about 50 minutes in the film , which was more than it deserved , and then I finally gave up and left .
Not as crass as Norbit , but as forgettable .
Even in C-movie junk like this , Murphy manages to wring a few laughs out of the material . But the humor is so broad it barely fits onto the screen .
After a myriad of disappointing films , Murphy finally appears in a funny , inventive movie . If you like to smile and laugh , this is highly recommended .
The worst sci-fi comedy since , well , since Eddie Murphy made The Adventures of Pluto Nash .
Some genius work in the first act by Eddie Murphy , showing his masked technique from Klumps & others without the mask ... but then a quick decline .
Like an awkward party guest who hopes you will be charmed by his earnest effort to overcome his lack of social graces , and just when you 're on the verge ... he belches loudly and rudely - and expects you to think he 's both cute and funny .
It 's not every day Eddie Murphy releases something that does n't make you want to rip your eyes out . In its own way , it is a fun movie .
I doubt many kids will follow the bit about using an orb to desalinate the earth 's water , but that 's just the MacGuffin of a film whose nature is to whiff across the top of a kid 's head and then evaporate , which it does , leaving almost no residue .
Meet Dave alone may not radically change the course of Eddie Murphy 's drooping career . But it is , at least , a little olive branch held out to his audience . And that 's better than Nil .
It 's a pity someone ca n't guide the course of Starship Murphy to a smarter , funnier universe than the one he 's chosen to explore .
Meet Dave is a fish-out-of-water comedy with a rather annoying fish .
It feels like someone slipped a Lunesta in my Cherry Coke .
Remember a time when Eddie Murphy actually used to be funny ?
Murphy , both as Dave and the shipâ -LRB- TM -RRB- s captain is in good form mugging for laughs and getting a few .
Dumbfoundingly erratic , for the most part , but smart and funny from time to time , especially when Mr. Murphy , in the pseudo-person of the spaceship , tries to imitate earthling behavior .
The lackluster title hints at the dull , witless and hackneyed story .
Aside from some unnecessarily crude stereotypes , Eddie Murphy 's least-painful comedy in years has a certain peculiar charm .
The summer popcorn flick manages to deliver more than the standard sci-fi send-up , thanks to a solid supporting cast -- most of whom come from TV -- that help bolster Murphy 's average work .
-LSB- An -RSB- unremarkable sci-fi gagfest .
As in too many of his recent films , he comes off as a pampered superstar going through the paces of an unending ego trip .
Director Brian Robbins keeps going for easy laughs .
Eddie Murphy -- was that Oscar nominated performance in Dreamgirls just something I imagined ? -- continues to trash his very real talent with bottomfeeding material .
It 's not all that funny .
There are some laughs here and there , but this is badly edited hack work .
Murphy may want to disappear whenever he can , but if he let loose some more , he might not need a facade to hide behind ever again .
Even as timewasters go , this is a waste of time .
How bombs like Meet Dave get the green light in Hollywood is a mystery .
Meet Dave pays lip service to the joys of exploring new worlds , but it never steps off the tour bus .
-LSB- Murphy -RSB- might want to remember that people over 12 used to enjoy his movies as well .
Director Brian Robbins keeps things moving along briskly and maintains a genial air throughout ; all that plus an air-conditioned theatre makes Meet Dave a good bet for family viewing .
It 's a silly kid 's movie , nothing more . But for some , this may be a chance to meet Eddie .
Meet Dave , the latest in a long line of disposable Eddie Murphy vehicles , plays like a half-hour sitcom episode that has been stretched to feature-length running time .
You 'd expect to see chinzty-looking visual like this in one of those made-for-Sci-Fi-Channel cheese-fests not in a major studio release .
When will Eddie Murphy think as highly of his talents as we do ?
Let 's be honest : The shocker here would have been if it were any good .
The key image is a close-up of Murphy 's gleaming choppers , but aside from that the movie is toothless .
Murphy appears to be on the verge of cracking himself up . This is good news . At least someone found him funny .
The main problem is the movie hems in Murphy .
There are other things that Meet Dave is better than ... like famine , disease and genocide ... but not by much .
It 's about time this guy realized he does n't need those Norbit prosthetics .
If anything in Meet Dave surprises you , you 've never seen a family movie before . Instead , go to the movie only for Murphy , whose talents really shine in this role .
Meet Dave is `` Eddie Murphy in Eddie Murphy , '' literally , metaphorically , exhaustively .
Lord knows you have seen worse movies than this one and Lord knows that Eddie Murphy has probably been in many of them .
It 's kind of sweet , innocent almost -- kid-friendly in the best sense .
It 's enough to keep smaller kids amused , and the ugly vibe that plagued Norbit is thankfully absent .
Meet Dave is passable family fare , occasionally even inspired , but in the end it remains earthbound .
Not much about Meet Dave is memorable , so I 'm having trouble remembering .
Eddie , it 's time to start thinking big again .
If anything , this one is actually kind of sweet , and while I 'll am positive I 'll never sit through it ever again I certainly would n't begrudge anyone with children under 12 giving it a shot .
it 's got nothing to recommend it except maybe that actor in a frogman suit clinging madly to a giant uvula
Meet Dave is one of those films that will get a bad reputation based on the trailers but it actually generated a few chuckles from my end and was not a complete waste of time .
only first-trimester zygotes will find this funny
This sci-fi romp seriously skimps on the sort of wacky comedy that should have flown liberally from such an inspired premise .
Cynics may expect the worst of another Eddie Murphy vehicle involving extraterrestrials -- insert joke about The Adventures of Pluto Nash here -- but that only makes Meet Dave all the more pleasant a surprise .
Though the story starts off as a mess and only gets worse , there 's some solid physical comedy .
Murphy 's best moments here only remind us of `` Coming to America , '' another fish-out-of-water story . These days , Murphy seems like a fish out of water as an actor on screen .
Dumb jokes , cheap special effects and Murphy 's mugging add up to an eternity in 92 minutes .
It 's comedy that does n't ask anyone , onscreen or in the audience , to try too hard .
This gimmicky , one-note comedy takes a well-deserved place in the pantheon of Murphy mega-bombs .
In Meet Dave , family-friendly as a Fourth of July picnic , Murphy and Norbit director Brian Robbins redeem themselves with a performance and scenario that might have been developed for Steve Martin .
Better material and more adept direction might 've made this a perfectly solid commercial enterprise .
Meet Dave . Or do n't . Eddie Murphy does n't particularly seem to care one way or the other .
No matter how many laughs Murphy and the gang manage to squeeze out of this concept , there 's still the story which , could n't possibly be more poorly executed .
Contrary to appearances Meet Dave is n't terrible , with several laugh-out-loud moments funnier than anything in , say , a month .
With a lazy script that uses the cheapest gags and most obvious plot points , this is yet another big Hollywood movie that squanders a strong premise on a badly undercooked vanity project .
Heralding a return to form for Eddie Murphy , this cleverly conceived and executed sci-fi comedy offers plenty of laughs for all ages .








@highlight

Easy gags and slack direction drag this occasionally clever alien-out-of-planet comedy down to unimaginative lows .