Dedication 's problem is n't its idealized conception of love but the thoroughly unconvincing way in which it is realized .
That 's what it takes to make it through this self-consciously dark romantic comedy .
It restores one 's faith in Mandy Moore 's film career .
Theroux shoots and edits creatively , and elicits good performances , so here 's hoping he gets another crack behind the camera with a more cohesive and consistent script .
Actor Justin Theroux makes an impressive directorial debut , aided by David Bromberg 's mordantly funny dialogue .
Dedication is a loopy , semi-romantic comedy better served had it been made by Hal Hartley and released during the autumn of 1994 .
It leaves you wishing the oddball couple well .
Will help Moore get additional notice within the industry , from writers , directors and other creative types who pay attention .
Stridently annoying .
-LSB- Director Theroux -RSB- has a tendency to overplay things , with self-consciously arty direction and an intrusive soundtrack .
Directed by actor Justin Theroux with a surprisingly saccharine hand , the film is neither believable nor novel .
Billy Crudup and Mandy Moore are immensely likable . We like them so much we regret having to see them in this story .
Theroux brings none of the electric surprise or intensity of his acting to bear on the movie . He seems unhappy with the assignment .
A well-acted comedy-drama that may feature the most disagreeable gang of characters to populate any movie this year . Too bad they 're not quite as much fun to watch .
Crudup delivers a bracing , uncompromising performance , but it 's unmistakably a solo turn in a romantic comedy that 's supposed to be about the blurring of egos and the fusing of two idiosyncratic voices into a single harmonious duet .
Crudup exhibits admirable restraint . The story would be more compelling , however , had we not seen the same thing before in As Good as It Gets .
Dedication is engaging for a while , but flits from style to style , from dark to loopy comedy , only to settle on gooey romance .
Gratingly hip , joyless , small-budget Dedication is just another example of what New Yorker magazine recently identified as the ` slacker-striver ' trope in today 's romances .
A film that subjects us to one of the more irritating and unlikable leading men in recent romantic comedy history .
An ordinary boy-gets-girl movie , and not a particularly interesting one .
almost impossible to admire as a whole .
Moore is such a smooth and comfortable presence onscreen that the at times embarrassingly naked framework of David Bromberg 's screenplay seems almost believable .
You can see where all this is going -- author meets illustrator , crazy person meets sane person , withholding person meets giving person -- but there is n't one interesting thing about the journey .
Perhaps it 's time to send the oh-so-amusing head case into the same oblivion as the hilarious drunk , along with the notion that the love of a good woman fixes all .
A weird hybrid of hipster art-house film and chick flick in which the warring intentions and attitudes cancel each other out .
A pleasingly weird , dryly funny little indie .
This might work if there were chemistry between the stars , but eccentric Crudup and girl-next-door Moore may be the worst casting match of the year .
What works about it is very good and makes us want to see what Theroux could do with a more consistent property .
What began as an oddball study of a jagged male friendship devolves into cliché and compromise .
93 excruciating minutes . How does boring stuff like this get financing ?
Director Justin Theroux takes what is otherwise a fairly straightforward romantic comedy formula and turns it into an elliptical meditation on the merits of actual human connection .
Truly tender , truly funny ... a pessimistic , unrelenting take on love that is still a date movie for anyone who wants to enjoy a romantic comedy without feeling guilty about it .
So apparently maladjusted adult sensibility can give rise to a special gift for weirdly connecting to a child 's imagination . Who knew .
Dedication is peppered with drolly passive-aggressive supporting characters and actors equipped to do them full justice .
An unoriginal romantic comedy that vainly attempts to mask its conventionality with all manner of eccentricities .
It appears that the third eye went blind when the actors needed it .
The wonderful actor Theroux -LRB- David Lynch films , TV 's Brothers & Sisters -RRB- makes a disappointing directing debut with a wannabe romantic comedy that proves that messed up , obnoxious guys like his writer-hero also account for messed up obnoxious films .
When Henry says he ca n't throw away a towel because he 's afraid it might have feelings , even Miranda July will want to throttle him .
Another example of David Lynch 's groovy surrealist vernacular flying over the head of one of his actors .
Actor Justin Theroux makes an auspicious directorial debut with a disarmingly funny romantic comedy full of emotional life and witty filmic textures .
Check it out and enjoy the hijinks of this messed up children 's book writer but do n't look that far into it because you will be disappointed .
Theroux does n't maintain firm control of the tone , particularly going astray in attempts at comic interludes as well as in the ending .
One big asset is his excellent use of music , including the child-like plaintive wailing of a group called Deerhoof . Other smart choices include songs by Cat Power and the Stokes , all expertly edited into the flow of the story .



@highlight

Mandy Moore and Billy Crudup 's lack of chemistry in Dedication makes it hard to maintain interest in this confused love story .