With a laid-back , '70s soul , Tramps is the rare doe-eyed relationship movie where playing third-wheel is a joy .
Cynicism is a common disposition for the generational crop of filmmakers Leon belongs to , and it 's refreshing-invigorating even-to watch skilled directors reject acrimony and jaded pretension for bona fide , unabashed sincerity .
Tramps is overall a winning film , proving once again that some of the best romantic comedies can be light on plot : all we need is an excuse for beautiful people to fall in love .
Tramps wo n't stay in your mind for days after , but it 's a genuine delight .
There 's a sense of generosity flowing through Adam Leon 's films that reminds me of the best Jonathan Demme movies . The kindness is restorative .
Romantic comedy involving a heist has cursing .
Carefully doling out information ... Leon maintains a buoyant energy that 's given even more bounce by the film 's lively score and soundtrack
`` Disarming '' may be the best word to describe Tramps in a nutshell .
` Tramps ' wisely capitalizes on the intriguing chemistry between the film 's young co-stars , Callum Turner and Grace Van Patten . The result ? A romantic treat .
The plot and characterizations are as self-consciously phony as anything in the early French New Wave , but minus the experimental intent , the commentary on genre and the gaze , or the extreme personal investment .
The two leads are remarkably fresh , and so is the movie .
It 's Tramps ' attitude to be short and sweet that proves definitive , vital .
At a time when American romantic comedies aim for broad humor and questionable gender politics , -LSB- the film -RSB- provides a more intimate contrast to the market standard . If romantic comedies need a savior , Leon may be their best hope .
A delightful little picture ...
A marvel to watch unfold .
At 82 minutes it still feels a little logy , but Turner and Van Patten have a lovely , prickly chemistry , and for long stretches of Tramps it 's enough to just watch them wander around forging an unexpected connection .
A pair of the most charming performances of the year .
A small-scale work that owes its charm to the freshness , relaxed intimacy and unforced humor of its character interplay , and to the warm feel for the environments through which they move ...
A sweet-natured , modern film with a charming patina .
The echoes of fast-talking , flirty couples from screwball through French New Wave , from Woody Allen through every promising Woody wannabe , reverberate through this zippy , well-acted tale .

@highlight

Sweet , breezy , and unexpected , Tramps traipses through its romcom premise with earnestness and ease .