Set in the years surrounding independence in India , this slightly melodramatic film has a strong emotional kick that manages to bring both the romance and the religious-political situation vividly to life .
In short , Partition is a watchable slice of melodrama that 's worth seeing for the performances of the three leads .
It is , however , watchable throughout as a document about the individual human tragedies that the advent of Partition threw up .
If feeling alone were the benchmark of great art , Vic Sarin 's film would be considerable , but the screenplay is desperately poor and the direction leaden .
The film is breathless , big-canvased and scored for big emotions : a pavilion of the heart and senses threatened only when characters open a flap to let in anachronistic dialogue or the giveaways of cross-culture casting .
Sarin acts as his own DoP and the lensing is unsurprisingly ace , but he 's at a loss when it comes to injecting pace and tension . Bollywood 's Gadar told the same story better in 2001 ...
Mistry and the Canadian-born Kreuk deliver workmanlike performances even if the film has the feel of the Sunday night TV movie .
Dull historical epic set during the Indian massacres of 1947 .
But this is a film that lumbers under its epic ambitions and at nearly two hours long - with some awkward plotting to boot - scenes drag , grand and momentous , but crushing anything so fragile as human feelings .
It 's the taboo and tender romance between Mistry and Kreuk that will shift the serious tickets .
A brave if earnest attempt to articulate historical issues that remain pertinent .
The period reconstructions are impressive but the script and direction are a little pedestrian .
More melodramatic than momentous .
Partition does n't add many new ideas to the mix , but the deep colors and complex textures supplied by Indian-born cinematographer-turned-director Vic Sarin seem to embody the intensity of his boyhood memories .
Since the story did n't draw me in too much I frequently found myself admiring the intricate scenery instead .
Disappointing simply because it is so close to being outstanding ; we 're left with a sense that some key scenes explaining the characters ' motivations are missing .
Bloated , melodramatic and unbearably tedious .
Where the film stumbles is the script , overcrowded with bits of business and scenes that lean heavily on the symbolic .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Sarin was aiming for an epic and arrived at episodic . That might have been okay if the episodes were n't so partitioned from each other , the flashbacks failing to illuminate the present action .
Partition is big and ambitious , but the storytelling gets too close to melodrama too often . The film is clunky , the acting fairly wooden ; Neve Campbell seems to struggle with her English accent .


@highlight

A disappointing melodrama focussing on the partition of India and Pakistan . Strange cross-culture casting does n't help the pedestrian script and direction .