Sean Penn is labeled as The Gunman but the gunplay is generic and does nothing to make this guy feel special
With no sense of scale , scope , story or how to shoot bruising action , Morel misses the target .
Directed by Pierre Morel , who also directed Taken , the action sequences are competent , but the tone of Morel 's B-grade style action movies does n't sit well with Penn 's thoughts on globalization .
Mostly ... you look at Penn , flexing his overly-gym trained torso in numerous shirtless scenes , and think , what led him to this point of desperation ? Can he really be that jealous of Liam Neeson ?
-LSB- Pierre -RSB- Morel 's uneven tone ironically matches the jarring plotline
The Gunman does n't shoot blanks , but it is never fully loaded .
Even for an action movie , The Gunman is ridiculously , almost courageously , dumb . It 's also boring . So , you know , it 's got that going for it .
Relentlessly , loudly violent , the well-made Gunman is oddly compelling even when it 's stupid -LRB- often -RRB- .
That aid work and violence are often two sides of the same coin is an all too familiar scenario , but in The Gunman there 's little distinction between the pair .
You just leave the theater suspecting in most alternate universes that this movie is totally awesome , but the one we get is just okay .
It 's directed by Pierre Morel , who started the geri-action genre with Liam Neeson in Taken . This one 's both more complex and stupider and barely exciting , even when it 's hailing bullets .
In spite of its human rights background story and the presence of actor Sean Penn , The Gunman unspools as little more than a by-the-numbers action thriller .
A muscular , passable piece of slick entertainment on the action front , The Gunman 's ambitions are welcome , but could have used another polish .
-LSB- An -RSB- -RSB- entertaining -- if morally questionable -- thriller .
Trinca fares the worst in this dour dudes ' club , with Penn even seeming to hog all the gratuitous waist-up nudity ; even in a bedroom scene with his distressed damsel , she 's the only one wearing his shirt .
They -LSB- the actors -RSB- are all defeated by a movie that ultimately has little to say , offers up no thrills and , at a bit under two hours , seemed a lot longer .
The matters of politics of exploitation and corporate greed get put up there on screen with great , chest-beating solemnity , but in the end ... they become nothing more than the slack , cartoonish motivations of an archvillain in a Bond flick .
Sean Penn horns in on Liam Neeson 's territory in The Gunman , an efficient if undistinguished revenge thriller about a former mercenary turned humanitarian worker forced to race through Africa and Europe when his past acts come back to haunt him .
The Gunman might be Penn 's bid to step into an action franchise , but a talent of his caliber deserves better than this .
The Gunman is generic moviemaking that ca n't be lifted even by some usually solid performing players like Ray Winstone , Mark Rylance and Idris Elba .
As ever , Penn is the grim , humorless professional , squinting out each line like a kidney stone .
Penn stalks through The Gunman with pinched dyspepsia , looking as if he ca n't wait to punch someone in the nose
Sean Penn is fully committed to his role in ` The Gunman . ' He rubs his face and punches a steering wheel and otherwise demonstrates that he is haunted by his mercenary past .
He 's Sean Penn in all but name , and he 's kind of a drag .
Sean Penn will have to wait for a better project if he wants to be the next Liam Neeson . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
Sean Penn is without question the greatest actor of his generation , but that does n't necessarily mean he can carry an action movie .
Penn 's mumbling and the occasional thick British accent sometimes make the proceedings a little hard to follow , but director Pierre Morel knows how to stage his shoot - 'em - ups with a potent visceral charge .
The pathetic gender politics , so common in dick-flicks like these , seem particularly simplistic and yucky here . Penn never manages the tough-guy shtick and the plot overburdens him with dilemmas . Director Morel ca n't offer any lights-out action sequences .
There are plenty of shootouts and punch-ups but the film 's most entertaining sequences revolve around Jim using his head as opposed to his fists .
Heavy on the gunfire and light on believability , `` The Gunman '' is a nice looking yet unsatisfying film barely kept afloat by its star
Trite , clumsily assembled spyboiler more closely resembles an accident scene .
Too violent to be taken seriously and too serious to be any fun .
There are a lot of actors you expect to see headlining action films . Sean Penn is not one of them . Yet here he is proving beyond any sensible question that he can roll , run shoot , stab and bleed with the best of them .
Part of the problem is the script 's determination to drag some of Spain 's most scenic spots into the action whether or not they suit the mood .
There is a baseline of filmmaking competence to The Gunman that rescues it from the gutter , but despite its star power it does n't have a strong enough script or charismatic enough lead to carry it over the line into entertainment .
Really , it 's all about engaging in that ancient action movie pleasure of watching a well-trained killer fight for his life and save his woman .
If you want a thriller about architecture , here is your thing . Gaudi with Guns , they could have called it .
... a thoughtful , provocative thriller replete with richly crafted characters , gripping set pieces , and an underlying moral drive about the very nature and consequences of violence .
Action packed , with tense and thrilling sequences , although things come together in the end , I was frustrated by the constantly shifting nature of the story
You 'll only want to see this is if the sound of gunfire is music to your ears .
Ultimately too absurd to take seriously and too serious to enjoy as a popcorn flick . If its target is being surprisingly dull , it 's a bullseye .
An almost astonishing dull and misguided thriller ...
Now that Liam Neeson 's stint as an AARP action hero seems to have Run All Night into the ground , you wo n't believe who 's buff , sweaty and ready to take over .
In his latest film , The Gunman , Morel tones down the action in favor of a more thoughtful and mature exploration of violence and its consequences . It also reinforces that Sean Penn still has the best scream/cry in the business .
Action at its most tedious .
Rarely , though , have two Academy Award-winning actors been so stunningly off the mark in the same movie .
It 's just another tourist salad bar of stale , limp man-on-the-run clichés with chases , hand-to-hand-combat , gunfire , and an hilariously pretentious sequence set during a bullfight .
Laughably sanctimonious for a Taken retread about a murderer who 's too sexy for his shirt .
`` The Gunman '' is depressingly bad , thanks to its plotting and world-weary cast . They all look overheated and worn out .
I object to The Gunman because it 's unconvincing and incoherent .
It 's a gritty , generic ` guy ' thing from the get-go .
An ill fit for Sean Penn on any front - too tight to let his action-hero experimentation breathe and too loose for his geopolitical ire to take hold . In the areas of art and altruism , it plays like something Penn probably loathes : voluntourism .
Penn shows off his muscles as well as his social conscience -LRB- shirtless , his forearms look as brawny as Popeye 's -RRB- , but with Taken director Morel at the helm it 's hardly surprising that the action sequences should be more persuasive than the soul searching .
A novel by Jean-Patrick Manchette provides the source material , but the only real `` auteur '' here is Morel , for whom this is very much more of the same .
... some decent shootouts and hand-to-hand combat but the writing mostly stinks , allowing for gaping narrative holes and more improv rants by Bardem ... Penn seems less enigmatic than just plain bored .
Anti-American Sniper . In the murky midst of multiple mercenaries , a two-timing damsel in distress , corporate conmen , a differently duplicitous Javier Bardem checking in , macho mayhem and matadors . And in any case , an anti-hero somewhat saved by the bull .
It 's Rambo tailored to Penn 's humanitarian interests .
The Gunman feels like Sean Penn 's belated audition for The Expendables franchise . The audience would have collectively hurled in unison if Penn showed off his shirtless , compact , overly beefy physique one more time .
By attempting to parachute in weighty geopolitical themes to a successful action formula , the film sinks , leaving little to savour .
A dull , generic retread , made far worse by Penn 's self-seriousness as an actor , by the banal political pieties he 's grafted on as producer and co-writer , and by the presence of a pitifully retrograde female lead role .
Sean Penn , an actor you ca n't take your eyes off when he 's on screen , is not the problem with The Gunman . Neither is its terrific , if underused , cast . This attempt to turn Penn into a late-blooming action star is just too convoluted .
I enjoyed this more than I expected I would , mainly because of the cast and because I was pleasantly surprised that the movie was not just a derivative Taken knock-off .
`` The Gunman '' does not hold up well to scrutiny as it rehashes subjects done better in other films , including Morel 's first two features .
By the time we get to the laughable climax the film has lost any pulse it had , and `` The Gunman '' ends up being a major let-down .
It misleads audiences hoping for a girtty action thriller and ends up being a huge disappointment .
The Gunman simply does n't work as either escapist entertainment or a serious political thriller ; it may very well fire a thousand shots in its pursuit of action and excitement , but very few -- if any of them -- go the distance to the finale .
Penn. . . is at least trying to say something about relief work in third world countries , but the film slips so quickly into generic thriller mode it feels like it mutated in post-production .
Those hoping for the next Taken will be disappointed by the slow-burn character piece that is The Gunman .
`` The Gunman , '' as fashioned by Penn and his collaborators , is an ugly , morally nebulous thriller that attempts to offer edification even as it panders to the lowest common denominator .
The Gunman is among the surliest of its kind , an elder actioner of unrelenting violence and preachy geopolitical ardor . Sean Penn looks tired , and this movie grows more and more tiresome with every kill .
... A muddled , confusing mess built around a disinterested Penn , who seems to have decided his work was done when he left the weight room .
I doubt The Gunman will do much to advance Penn 's foray into action-hero bankability , and that 's probably a good thing . He 's too fine an actor to be mired in nonstop shootouts while flashing his pecs and looking scowly .
Playing an assassin trying to atone for his past sins , Penn -LRB- who also gets a screenwriter credit alongside Pete Travis -RRB- strains to layer this standard thriller with social conscience .
This is n't so much a film in which every ageing male fantasist can invest as a film that works as an allegory for the state of Penn 's career alone . A specialised taste , I suspect .
While it 's an admirable attempt at a more grown-up type of entertainment , the movie winds up feeling rather leaden .
A dark European thriller like `` The Gunman '' usually requires a star who exudes cool detachment , not a firebrand like Sean Penn , who gamely proceeds in spite of the obvious miscasting .
... serious overacting by Penn. . . filled with hackneyed scenes ... Winstone 's accent so deep subtitles are needed ... a nonsensical story .
From the opening scene through to the very last frame , `` The Gunman '' is completely predictable , and a brutally violent , gory mess . Despite its insane savagery , the beginning and end of `` The Gunman '' are downright laughable .
While director Pierre Morel manages to build tension in parts of `` The Gunman '' , it 's pretty hollow considering we do n't care much for Jim Terrier , Penn 's character .
If the film had been more of a slow-burn , centered on mystery and intrigue , with bursts of hard-R action , all concerned might have really had something here . -LRB- Full Content Review -- Sex , Profanity , Violence , etc. -- for Parents also available -RRB-
The Gunman degenerates into dreary setups for guns and gore . Penn merits more . So do we .
Sean Penn tries to better Liam Neeson in the middle-aged ass-kicker action film genre , and fails miserably .
Penn wanted to his own action franchise , but the production forgot all the basics , leaving the end result weirdly impotent .
Apparently , if you 're a veteran Hollywood actor , you get your AARP card at 50 and your action movie franchise at 55 .
The actors are good and the action is thrilling . And if the film is n't quite as seriously political as I 'm guessing Penn told himself it was , it 's definitely an offbeat change of pace for us .
Like a queasy blend of Still Alice and The Bourne Identity .
The film 's real fault is its ` hero ' , a glum , sour-faced sociopath who it 's almost impossible to root for .
Obviousness prevails .
The kind of throughly anonymous and undistinguished film that barely would have passed muster as a mid-2000s DTV project top-lining a third-tier TV star .
It devolves into a mess of worn plot lines . If Morel wanted to give Penn 's career new life as a world-weary action hero , he missed his target .
Nothing but a standard-issue series of action tropes that grow more and more ludicrous as each tries to top the last .
Stars too often produce the kind of movie they want to star in , instead of the kind of movie anyone wants to watch .
With this effort , Penn is way off the mark .
The Gunman is a wild misfire .
Part of the contract that movies of this sort forge with moviegoers is that the reasons for all the running and gunning wo n't get in the way of the action . `` The Gunman '' does n't play by those rules .
Penn is dour and not the least bit heroic in this movie . He survives the action sequences but neither they nor his participation in them gets the blood pumping .
Penn 's gym-bunny loveliness is the most attractively toned part of the film . Everything else is out of condition .
Sean Penn has spent a lot of time in the gym lately . We know this because , well , it 's hard to ignore when a 54-year-old man grimly grabs every opportunity to shed his shirt .
The Gunman is a pretty dumb movie in smart package .
The movie 's veiled indictment of multinational corporate interests that generate unrest in Third World nations for their own financial gain also falls somewhat flat , taking a back seat to the shoot - 'em - up histrionics .
While it has its fair share of white-knuckle moments , The Gunman gets bogged down by uneven storytelling and a mostly wasted cast .
A plot that makes no sense , characters that are barely there , and a denouement that is an insult to everybody 's intelligence , all combine to make Penn 's action-man debut fire blanks .
Too portentous to work as an action-hero romp , and far too sweaty and derivative to have any kind of political or satirical kick , the movie misses almost every target at which it aims .
If the film 's intent is to condition the audience into a distaste for violence through boredom , it succeeds .
Mr. Penn , aiming for weary , battered intensity , settles into a zone somewhere between fatigue and indigestion .
A dum-dum action picture that briefly pretends to be about world aid before returning to muscular , middle-aged men beating the snot out of each other .
This is a stupid movie about a muscular superman beating and shooting the living hell out of all those who would cross him . It 's not an apologia for continental destruction .
I 've pretty much always enjoyed watching Penn in everything , not despite of his hambone tendency to milk every moment of every shot but because of it . This stupid movie is no exception ...
Whatever else we might think of Sean Penn 's bid for an active middle age via The Gunman , we ca n't doubt his enthusiasm .
Imagine The Constant Gardener crunched back and forth through Google Translate in several Bantu languages , then fished out of a swamp with pages missing .
Director Pierre Morel is the real hero here , supercharging the genre material with touches of brilliance .
OK , we 've seen the biceps and the abs . Very nice . Now , back to the brain .
The movie does n't quite approach a level of irresponsibility , but its all-around lack of responsibility is off-putting .
Morel may have some of the world 's greatest actors are on hand for the proceedings , but he is n't creative enough to use their talents to effectively elevate the screenplay to something that transcends the genre .
The only redeeming feature about The Gunman is its exotic locations .
Penn and his fellow actors are fine at conversation , but there are more dialogue-driven subplots here than a movie full of bullets and land mines requires .
The Gunman is well-meaning , but it lacks the spark that made Taken such a compelling tale .
I can imagine Sean Penn agreeing to star in this Taken knockoff on the condition that it educate moviegoers about humanitarian crises in Africa ; it does , but the film feels misshapen as a result .
Bardem appears almost bored playing second fiddle to Penn 's mirthless , unapproachable , irritating assassin . Trinca has so little material to work with that her pleasant demeanor ca n't hold the screen for the brief time she 's been allowed .
Jim is a former bad guy himself , which lends an extra layer of moral ambiguity to the action ; not enough to qualify as profundity , but at least it 's something more to think about than the snazzy sports car he manages to pick up while on the run .
`` The Gunman '' is a predictable slog through action-movie tropes , and Penn 's intensity is n't a good fit .
A well-executed thriller that leaves us stirred but not shaken .
There 's a grubby , redemptive quality that makes this tough-minded flick feel like the son of `` Serpico '' and `` Salvador . ''
`` The Gunman '' may start as a genre exercise of promising purpose , but it winds up being just a lot of bull .
It 's a tasty cast , but the script does not do its job in crucial areas , letting the audience get way , way out ahead of the reveals .
It succeeds , partly because the moral climate it presents seems so confused , but mainly because of Penn 's particular aura of irascible integrity .
The Gunman felt as long and made me as bored as the fancy rifle he initially shoots with .
Penn has pumped himself up to absurd dimensions for the role , but it does n't make him look like a badass ; it just makes him look like a movie star who 's trying too hard .
The result is a relentlessly dour film livened up only by Bardem 's shameless scenery-chewing and the occasional jolt of action .
Penn remains a furiously committed method actor , even in a paycheck role such as this one . But he 's not enough to prevent the film from becoming the same-old .
With Morel at the helm this was never going to be more than a dumb shoot 'em up and ... well , dumb it certainly is .
While Sean Penn lends this thriller some political subtext , the fact remains that it 's actually just another vacuous revenge fantasy from Taken director Pierre More ...
Almost everything about The Gunman is by-the-numbers , which is fine , but it does n't even tell a familiar story particularly well .
Yes , there are plot holes aplenty , but the action is tautly staged by Morel and that makes `` The Gunman '' a satisfactory time-passer .
A lightweight thriller posing as a heavy political drama , or vice-versa . Not thoughtful and no fun .
May it enjoy its second life as a lazy Sunday TV dad movie .
The Gunman is beautiful on the outside but ugly on the inside .
There 's something especially noxious about the way `` The Gunman '' -LRB- which , surprisingly , Penn co-wrote -RRB- uses the genuine historical tragedy of the exploitation of African resources as an excuse for arm-snapping , throat-stabbing , head-shooting action .
Surprising how much this well-shot disappointment runs from the situation it introduces in order to make sure the white guy gets to the bottom of his own problem .
The Gunman is too disorganized and sloppy to make sense as political commentary or to work on the most basic level as a globe-trotting chase thriller .
Too portentous to really entertain , even in spite of itself .
This is a dull and convoluted mess that takes too long to get going , and unfortunately keeps going and going and going until the silly finale .
Unfortunately , nobody ever won an Oscar for washboard abs . And nobody is going to win five seconds of admiration for 115 minutes of tedium in The Gunman .
The Gunman lacks the all-killer , no-filler efficiency of -LSB- Pierre Morel 's -RSB- biggest success , Taken .
A tired old piece of action junk that expects us to sympathize with a very bad man . We do n't .
Watching Penn pump iron and denounce capitalism for two hours would be roughly as illuminating as this monotonous Euro-thriller .
Penn conjures no special aura in The Gunman . When it comes to the lunatic game of macho heroics , he 's only a super-respectable contender .
Is it a serious political film tackling the plight of central Africa or a silly blast 'em up that 's all about cheap thrills ?
The writing is wooden and Penn obviously knows it ... If Penn is helpless against exposition-heavy dialogue , what chance do the other actors stand ?
Generic . Preachy . Predictable . But watchable .
This is a watchable thriller with enough all-action set pieces to carry you along , particularly a lengthy sequence in the Barcelona bullring .
While one can certainly see Penn 's attraction to a globe-trotting , gun-toting , hard-loving role such as this , one also ca n't help but wonder how it all falls so flat .
Too often feels like just another slice of brainless Eurotrash , packed with saw-it-coming plot twists , half-hearted car chases and an angsty hero with zero charisma .
Penn 's need to be seen as a guy of integrity is left naked in The Gunman , but at least he 's having some fun with the action-movie trappings , and with taking his shirt off .
A Sean Penn vehicle affording the surprisingly-buff -LRB- if long in the tooth -RRB- matinee idol ample opportunities to put his pecs on display in high-impact fight sequences as well as lingering love scenes .
A genuine disappointment , given the talent involved , and a rare misstep for Penn , who ca n't save this moribund vanity project .
For a film with such a thinly worked conspiracy , The Gunman is inexplicably hard to follow , relying on lack of clarity to disguise by-the-numbers plotting . Still , if you 're in the market for some well-wrought mayhem , you could certainly do a lot worse .
A cut above pure exploitation , The Gunman adds a dose of humanitarian medicine to the Taken formula .
It 's crass , clumsy and sometimes shockingly bad .
The lack of any visual ingenuity , reflexivity , or awareness of genre tropes diminishes the intermittent pleasures of the action 's slightly involving kineticism .
If the matador got gored , this would be a marginally better movie , but Sean Penn 's g.f. is too young for him , Javier Bardem is an embarrassment as a drunk , and the frantic fight editing is the usual standard stuff .
The kind of film that ca n't be bothered to do any more with its Spanish setting than have a showdown at a bullfight .
The Gunman needs to be Taken to task .
The Gunman is nothing more than Sean Penn 's mid-life crisis vanity project , and it is n't worth the price of admission .
Sadly , Penn 's veiny , sweat-glazed biceps are the most objectively impressive feature of this rote , humorless thriller , a distinctly unconvincing attempt to refashion the star ... as a middle-aged action hero in the Liam Neeson mold .
Leisurely , unfocused , and a little too indulgent of its star .
Ultimately this feels like a vanity project designed to do for Penn 's bankability , Africa , Spain and mercenaries what the Taken franchise did for Liam Neeson , Paris and Albanian gangsters .
What begins and ends as an exploration of Western exploitation of the Congo mostly follows the standard track of the retired hit-man who realizes that he has n't quite yet eluded the sins of the past .
Considering the level of talent involved , one would and should expect better .

@highlight

With an uninspired plot and rote set pieces that are overshadowed by its star 's physique , The Gunman proves a muddled misfire in the rapidly aging Over-50 Action Hero genre .