If you have n't seen it and like things that are terrible , what you have here is a gold mine of bad creative decisions that culminate in one of the most baffling cinematic experiences of the 2000s .
It might not be a good film , but it has its perverse fascinating moments .
It can only be assumed that this is Lindsay 's bid to assume serious actress status .
It 's possible the movie seemed to Lohan and/or her handlers a means to transition from her Disney movies into `` adult '' fare . It 's also possible that no one read a script .
Lindsay Lohan takes on a dual role in director Chris Sivertson 's twisty , perversely fascinating psycho thriller .
There 's a special kind of effort that must go into turning out a flick this impossibly bad .
An unintentionally hilarious cross between Basic Instinct and The Parent Trap .
Lost yet ? Director Chris Sivertson does not offer much direction .
The scariest thing about this monumentally bad movie , apart from watching it , is Aubrey 's hairless Sphynx cat , which commands more screen time than some secondary characters .
Lohan 's virgin/whore dons a robotic hand , the perfect prop to match her performance .
There is nothing about this film that 's even a bit redeeming , and so much that 's so utterly wrong that whenever you think `` it ca n't get any worse than this moment '' , you are proven incorrect .
Horror/thriller/pile of excrement .
` It is with a mix of fascination and curiosity that I watched this cheesy slasher thriller unravel ... By the time the storyline reveals where it is going , I had totally lost interest
Lindsay Lohan wears more clothes in this movie then she does clubbing in real life .
I wanted it to be gloriously bad , camp-classic bad , and the movie is too ineptly artsy and unpleasant to make it .
Difícil dizer o que é pior : o roteiro com sua trama ridícula , a direção que fracassa em suas aspirações `` lynchinianas '' ou a atuação risível de Lohan .
... could easily be mistaken for the absolute worst that the straight-to-video landscape has to offer ...
The troubled star writhes her way through a red-lit pole dance in the opening credits and shrieks her way through a prolonged torture-porn sequence ; after those lurid turns the movie settles into an indifferent mystery plot .
A credible piece of pop entertainment of the hottie-in-distress genre .
Deserves to die a quick death .
Lindsay Lohan is such an easy punching bag for her offscreen antics that it 's dismaying that this genuinely talented young actress 's onscreen career choices have n't done anything to help the cause .
A gruesome whodunit that 's missing more than a few brain cells .
The problem with this film 's exploration of a potentially interesting mystery is that I Know Who Killed Me is clumsy , stupid and just plain objectionable .
... incompetent , even as basic torture-porn .
too trashy to be a complete bore , though it 's also too TV-ish to work as a grand , campy folly
The whole thing is perverse , with first-time -LRB- and hopefully last time -RRB- screenwriter Jeffrey Hammond and director Chris Sivertson taking particular delight in the way the killer toys with his victims .
Gruesomely tawdry and inept .
Incoherent and semi-vile .
So incredibly wrongheaded and laugh-out-loud funny that it earns enshrinement in the pantheon of cinematic two-headed cows .
It would be nice to report that Lohan goes out swinging , but her performance , like everything else about the movie , is a train wreck .
There is no suspense in this film , just a series of bizarre scenes that make you wonder why you attended this film at all .
Exquisite in its awfulness , `` I Know Who Killed Me '' is the kind of stinker that makes it a perfect candidate for campy DVD viewings in years to come .
Between its garish digital photography and borderline incomprehensible narrative , I Know Who Killed Me at times suggests a hack 's attempt at a Lynch film .
The most ridiculous film of its sort since the arrival of the equally ridiculous Boxing Helena . -LRB- Yeah , it 's that kind of bad . -RRB-
Lurid , over-sexualized , and boring when it 's not being actively unpleasant .
-LSB- Lohan -RSB- 's hitting rock-bottom onscreen , too .
Trashy and incompetent - it 's one of the worst movies of the year .
I feel extremely disappointed with a thriller when I can tell ` who done it ' before the main suspense kicks in . ` I Know Who Killed Me ' is that kind of movie . ''
Pretentious and inane , I Know Who Killed Me arouses unexpected sympathy for its embattled star .
No review could really do justice to the monumental trashiness of this mess ; it really has to be seen to be believed .
-LSB- A -RSB- sleazy , inept and worthless piece of torture porn .
Shoddily scripted and excessively stylized , I Know Who Killed Me pushes the bounds of what audiences will accept both narratively and aesthetically -- and oversteps them in every instance .
An intensely unpleasant killer-thriller mystery that has nevertheless been directed with low-budget craft by Chris Sivertson .
Much like the career of its star , I Know Who Killed Me opens promisingly , starts to stumble in the middle and has gotten so laughably ridiculous by the final act that you ca n't take it seriously at all .
Easily marks the worst movie Lohan has appeared in and the worst performance she has given .
The images , flooded in deep blues and reds , are vibrant and just plain gorgeous , turning even empty moments into chances to aesthetically wow the viewer .
Terrible , but not a bad as Lohan 's last 5 movies .
There is a part of me that wishes that I did have the nerve to recommend it after all because while it is terrible , it is the kind of strangely fascinating terrible that can make for an entertaining time at the movies under the right circumstances
What is billed as a suspenseful thriller is lacking any suspense , and generates cheap thrills only from scenes of torture , gore , and the occasional `` jump '' moment of pseudo-shock .
Poorly written in every conceivable way -- the screenwriter never met an expositional statement he did n't love -- and shot as if the director , Chris Sivertson , wanted David Fincher to know how much he really , really admires him .
Having broken free of the Disney machine that molded her , Lohan now seems intent on destroying her career and credibility on her own terms .
Simultaneously nasty and painfully dull .
There 's a fresh candidate in the running for worst movie of 2007 honors .
Watch the mallrats ' jaws drop as they pay to see the same old teen slicer-dicer , only to get this wacko hodgepodge of the Brian De Palma horror filmography and -- I swear to God -- Kieslowski 's The Double Life of Veronique .
Risible , grotesque , and incoherent .
While the solution to I Know Who Killed Me is n't worth talking about , if Lohan wants to know who it was who killed her career sadly all she 's got to do is look in the mirror .
The film is so cheap , lurid and overwrought it could be made up of lost reels from Grindhouse , except it lacks the knowing , self-referential humor of that B-movie parody .
It 's sad to see the once-promising actress killing her career , between her self-destructive behavior behind the scenes and her poor judgment selecting scripts .
It makes you wonder what Lohan was thinking when she said yes to this project .
A choppy , cheap-looking mess with awkward dialogue and huge gaps in the plot .
No matter how you feel about the actress , watching this once-promising talent go slumming in this kind of material is grotesque .
A disaster that exerts a perverse fascination .
I Know Who Killed Me , ostensibly a horror thriller in the slice-and-dice vein of Captivity and Saw , bagged as many laughs in its bloodbath finale as anything in The Simpsons Movie .
Bad is easy : this level of awful approaches the genius .
What was Lindsay Lohan thinking ?
Who could 've predicted a bust for alleged cocaine possession , vocational self-destruction , and a general display of young Hollywood stupidity would be the career highlight of Lohan 's weekend .
This sleazy , silly thriller is so bad it does n't even seem to realize it 's unadulterated kitsch .
Small wonder that distributor TriStar Pictures has gone to great pains to hide this fiasco from critics : It 's certainly the worst movie Lohan has ever appeared in and it 's a formidable contender for worst movie of the year , period .
... a weird combination of Showgirls , Saw and - what with Lohan 's robotic hand - The Empire Strikes Back .
even my old stand by of , `` At least , it started on time , '' does n't apply here . After a 20 minute delay in starting the movie , I had to assume the projector was taking an ethical stand and refusing to be party to the heinous act of showing this movie
The script is shockingly tin-eared and inept .
A movie as incomprehensible as it exploitive . It winds its way to a climax that is almost stunning in its stupidity .
Imagine the worst possible idea for a Parent Trap sequel that manages to combine elements of Stigmata , Dune , The Empire Strikes Back , The Corsican Brothers and Blue Man Group .
With sky-blue tools , gloves and mask , the killer looks so much like a member of the Blue Man Group that you expect him to spit marshmallows at his victims .
As a huge fan of unintentional comedy , I can wholeheartedly recommend it as that .
There is no way that Lohan was in her right mind when she signed the contract for this one .

@highlight

Distasteful and ludicrously plotted , I Know Who Killed Me is a career nadir for all involved -- particularly Lindsay Lohan in a dual role .