The rest of the plot is pretty much by the book -LRB- the comic kind -RRB- . Good triumphs over evil , but only by working together as a team , parents and kids .
These are lovely characters , it 's a witty script , there 's lots of laughs .
It is a simply astounding feat of animation with such attention paid to details like the lighting and even the hair of characters .
A sharp , even amusing , homage to comic book lore , a great family-friendly action-comedy , and a thoughtful marital drama all wrapped up in a deliciously exciting package .
As the kids discover their powers and this family hovers between super and dysfunctional , `` The Incredibles '' finds its voice ... and it speaks to families everywhere .
Incredible and action-packed fun for the entire family .
This is an amazing movie .
Assembled with an intense amount of care and love so that every cut , every sound , every movement , builds to a euphonious whole .
... far from engrossing ...
This truly is a film that turns is every bit as incredibly good as it has been made out to be .
Frame for frame , The Incredibles is as good as any live action superhero film ever made , and often far more convincing .
Wonderful stuff .
It re-animates the thrill , not just the nostalgia , of old-school comic books and pulp adventure .
In a word : Incredible .
The sleek computer animation is spellbinding as usual .
Bombastic finale aside , it 's a cut -LRB- and an age-range -RRB- above the simplicities of Finding Nemo .
A movie that demonstrates once again why the studio continues to leave competing product from the likes of Disney and DreamWorks in the dust .
... the real secret to Pixar 's greatness lies not in the animation , but in their wonderful choice of stories that appeal to both children and parents .
The Incredibles shows once and for all what was right in front of our noses all along , that Pixar is not an animation studio but a movie studio . And not just a movie studio , but the best movie studio .
Brad Bird strays from the Pixar formula but still delivers enough colour and thrills to keep the faithful happy .
The year 's foremost animation showstopper .
Luckily , the genre has not submerged completely and , with the help of films like `` The Incredibles '' , hope for a solid future is within the audience 's grasp .
` Divertida , honesta y extremadamente inteligente , es un claro ejemplo del nivel de arte que puede llegar a alcanzar el cine . Sencillamente inolvidable '
Remember about four months back when almost every movie critic on the planet was proclaiming Spider-Man 2 The Best Superhero Movie Ever Made ? Yeah , well they were all wrong .
The Incredibles has humor , thrills , and adventure , but most of all it has heart .
-LSB- It -RSB- goes beyond the pretty visuals and the slam-bam action to get us under the skin of a family trying hard to be something they 're not .
It 's the thrilling , personal storytelling that elevates -LSB- the film -RSB- into not just the best animated movie of the year ... but also one of the best movies of 2004 , period .
Los Increíbles es lo más parecido que vas a poder encontrar a una montaña rusa -LRB- ... -RRB-
Explodes with humour , ingenuity and a freshness .
The often wry and pointed dialogue reminded me of the glory days of radio .
Bird 's satiric take on suburbia , conformity and forced notions of equality is surprisingly sophisticated and biting for an animated feature , matched by a visual panache that is often breathtaking .
É irônico que alguns dos personagens mais complexos do ano tenham surgido não em uma produção estrelada por atores de carne-e-osso , mas sim por figuras criadas em computador .
` The Incredibles ' is highly enjoyable
One of these days , Pixar is going to take a misstep , but now is not the time .
Kids will love it and want to see it again and again . Adults ... probably will too .
You must take your family to see this in the theater . You can only really appreciate it on the big screen .
A masterfully crafted entertainment that devolves into an overlong , overly loud , and disappointingly stock shoot 'em up .
With their best film to date , the Pixar team has taken the animated feature into realms of narrative and visual design never before seen .
Stunningly animated , if somewhat derivative , story of an ordinary , extraordinary family .
... a terrific , smart and thoroughly engaging family film .
Had the picture been written half as well as it was drawn , I suspect it would have proven at the very least twice as super .
When it comes to animation , it does n't get any better than this .
Flies high above the crowd for its worldly wit and compassion for humankind .
Provides all the wonder and excitement to be wrought from the superhero genre while making fun of itself in gut-busting ways .
A first-class animated feature .
`` This is a blast to watch ! The bursts of color are phenomenal , and the action is fast and furious . ''
`` The film has a fair amount of humor , but without the special effects , which are dazzling , at times , it 's a pretty ordinary story . ''
The setttings in The Incredibles are endlessly inventive , the action exuberant , the laughter frequent and the characters a bottomless toy box of delights .
What is incredible in The Incredibles is the computer imaging .
Original adventures such as The Incredibles are the ones that will have families watching them over and over and over again , over the years .
Brad Bird has crafted a sleek and original homage to the derring-do of our most cherished superheroes .
An unfortunate use of Pixar magic to tell a tired story in a typical world .
Bird 's intricate , colorful and super-kinetic action is a cyber equivalent of eye candy . It 's also loaded with empty calories .
A film so miraculous and so far above its competitors that the Academy Award for Animated Feature Film is no longer a contest .
Est immédiatement devenu mon film de Pixar favori .
This remarkably entertaining and meaty motion picture is all eye candy and goofy entertainment for children , but underneath lies a biting denunciation on a number of contemporary topics .
Disney and Pixar 's latest animated collaboration is nothing less than ... incredible . It 's hard to come up with another adjective ... **
A hilariously fun romp through the everyday lives of comic-book superheroes .
Mix X-Men with True Lies and Spy Kids then add the retro design of The Powerpuff Girls all tied together with the magical technology of Pixar ...
It 's a great and memorable romp that will leave your family feeling super .
A family-friendly rallying cry against conformity , far more daring than the tastelessness that passes for daring in Team America , but undercut by excessive length .
The folks at the movie 's heart are exaggerated way beyond our capacities but not quite beyond our imaginings . The title is unjust ; these are the very slightly credibles .
The Incredibles est encore un bon produit provenant de Pixar -LSB- mais -RSB- dommage que l'histoire ne soit pas toujours très inspirante et ne suscite pas l'intérêt escompté .
The Incredibles , for all its kid-friendly sops , feels like one of the most mature movies currently gracing theaters .
` The Incredibles ' deserves a place on the top rung of family films .
As in Spider-Man 2 , crime-fighting and derring-do take a backseat to domestic drama and our connections with these larger-than-life yet down-to-earth characters .
Gorgeously designed and animated .
Bird continually overlays both visual and verbal gags , trusting that his audience can think fast .
Since it 's too much a crowd-pleaser to be critical of the violent payoff that it delivers , it 's tough not to take its apparent message seriously .
Pixar does it again with a comedy/action film about a family of superheroes . The writing is the real attraction . THE INCREDIBLES is subversive , heart-warming , and fun .
It is trite to say , but the only word to describe this movie is INCREDIBLE !
Wild , wondrous and utterly disarming ... sweet but never saccharine , freed from the shackles of postmodern irony and cleverness for its own sake .
The Incredibles is n't . It 's a good movie , but it is n't the incredible type of picture we 've come to expect from Pixar .
The show itself runs a little long for an animated feature but finishes in a flurry of special effects that left me dumbfounded . Do n't miss it folks .
Overflows with slapstick and more gentle strains of humor , while a core of genuine emotion that is nothing if not ambitiously nuanced resonates throughout a script .
Pixar Animation spends an entire year on each of their mammoth productions on the scripts alone . Could this explain why their movies are consistently clever and entertaining ?
As one who 's ingested a lot of superhero comics , books , and movies over the years , I can attest that this works as a genuine superhero movie , not just as a family film .
Outrageously funny and imaginative ... the latest thumping thrill ride in the animation genre . A snappy and smart superhero saga that 's intriguingly charming in its chaotic mode
... the greatest superhero film ever .
A fun story with some creative characters and plenty of Pixar wit .
It would be an incredible mistake to miss this film !
Exemplary mixture of top-notch storytelling , visual razzle-dazzle , accessible humor , and involving action .
The Incredibles has that rare quality of feeling modern and classic at the same time .
Not vintage Pixar , but it 's way ahead of most of its competition .
As a collegue told me ... it 'll do disapointing box office ... only about half a billion ... See it .
A warm , funny , exciting film for which I feel more affection the more I think about it .
Sure , the world hangs in the balance , but it 's the adult-savvy everyday dynamic between Bob and Helen that saves the day .
Pixar . How do they do it ? From the studio that bought you Toy Story , A Bug 's Life , Toy Story 2 , Monsters , Inc and Finding Nemo comes another blooming masterpiece .
I 'm keeping this review short and sweet because , quite simply , I 'm running out of accolades . After Pixar 's last three features I 've wasted them all , so the best I can come up with is this : The Incredibles is 2004 's BEST film .
The dream team of Brad Bird and John Lasseter looks poised to defend family entertainment against mediocrity through what we can only hope will be a long-running franchise .
Pixar Studios ' most technologically advanced effort .
Pixar has made heroes out of a middle-aged couple with kids . Imagine that .
Pixar reinvents itself again with a rah-rah rally cry for the American family .
Just when you thought you could peg a Pixar film ... comes this new feature which takes those elements in a wholly unexpected direction .
Boundlessly enjoyable , extravagant to look at , and a frequent adrenaline rush .
Smart , funny , exciting and profound , like all the best Pixar movies ... This family makes the Spy Kids look like wusses .
I had a heck of a time ... I guarantee that money spent here is money spent wisely .
By far the best of the CGI-animated films in the Disney canon , a wondrous and exciting spectacle that is just as enticing narratively as it is visually .
-LSB- A -RSB- brilliantly animated , cleverly written family adventure .
If you like Pixar or comic book movies , then The Incredibles is required viewing for you .
Even escapist entertainment this clinically zip-bam-wow should soothe your political burnout .
Deliriously funny and exciting .
Hilarious , slightly scary and endlessly inventive .
It 's a treat .
The folks at Pixar Animation Studios ca n't seem to make a bad movie .
A brilliant satire on modern American life .
As always , Pixar excels with its animation , but what makes this family film even more appealing is the smartness of the script , which is clearly written , end to end , to appeal to adults as well as children .
Not only does ` The Incredibles ' advance the art of animation , it takes the genre out of the ballpark .
Deliriously smart escapist fare .
Brad Bird 's richly imagined , retro-moderne homage to the superhero-fueled daydreams of his youth creates a vibrantly original mythology .
Families will flock to and enjoy this movie , but it 's likely only adults will really get it .
The best 3-D animated extravaganza since Monsters , Inc. .
The Incredibles is beautiful to look at , but even more lovely beneath the computer-generated surfaces .
The Incredibles , the latest animated wonder from Emeryville 's Pixar Animation Studios , will intrigue adults as well as 7-year-olds . In fact , the adults might be more intrigued .
A real banshee of zip and zoom -LRB- and often terrific design -RRB- , The Incredibles takes off excitingly whenever it moves fast .
An exceptional film in many ways .
A visual stunner .
A genuine laugh riot .
Entertaining from start to finish .
A spirited state-of-the-art riff on vintage James Bond movies and the superhero ethos of the 1950s and '60s .
At 115 minutes , this is the longest computer-animated cartoon ever , and the setup might test the patience of younger viewers . But what a payoff !
Even by Pixar standards , The Incredibles is unexpected , a mold-breaking computer-animated adventure that pleases the eye , bends the mind and , ultimately , lifts the spirit .
A visually thrilling experience .
An astonishingly smart satire of superheroes , James Bond movies and , just for fun , socially engineered mediocrity .
It 's witty , clever and pushes the technical limits of computer animation but it 's as much an imitator as it is an innovator .
Like the little boy in The Incredibles who hangs around , slack-jawed , just to see what his superhero neighbours will do next , kids ca n't seem to get enough of this hyperactive carry-on .
The Incredibles is so jammed with entertainment that , at two hours , it 's almost too much .
Not only is this a rollicking cartoon joy ride for all the little Olivias and Spencers in your life -- it 's a solid film in its own right .
Pixar 's movies may be completely digital , but each one beats with a human heart .
Another instant classic .
An incredible amount of fun .
Another hip-but - wholesome animated family comedy from Hollywood superhero Pixar .
In addition to being riotously funny , The Incredibles is also extremely exciting .
A novel and surprisingly wry helping of big-screen comic-book life .
-LSB- S -RSB- imply a great film , overflowing with humor and heart and soul and with lots of interesting things to say about love and family and following your dreams ...
The Incredibles is a zippy , visually powerful riff on what happens when a hero feels like a zero .
When no one 's special , everyone starts navel-gazing and feeling arrogant , rejecting opposition , diversity , and responsibility .
The Incredibles is Spy Kids by way of the Jetsons , with that reliable Pixar blend of intelligence and beautiful craftsmanship .
The people at Pixar have done it again . They 've married state-of-the-art computer animation to great storytelling and have delivered a unique film full of heart , pathos and an unfailing faith in the triumph of good over evil .
Bird has made a traditional action movie full of chases , crashes and stunt work .
An emotionally resonant , inventively hilarious movie that , oddly , may be its most family-friendly yet .
Bottom line , The Incredibles has some great funny moments , but it also tells a decent story - and that 's the catch when making any kind of movie .
A standard issue superhero adventure ? Probably not the most original thought that 's ever crossed -LRB- Pixar 's -RRB- collective minds .
One of the year 's most visually dazzling and emotionally satisfying adventures .
Here 's another example of Pixar 's mastery of popular animation .
A departure for Pixar : longer and a bit grittier ... and created by someone outside the Pixar family . ... But the movie 's central elements are pure Pixar .
Like Elastigirl , Pixar shows it can be pulled in many directions and snap back into shape , invariably vanquishing any challenger that stands in the way .
A visual feast , a funny , entertaining thrill ride that 's the best creation yet from the animation juggernaut better known as Pixar .
The Incredibles is the finest of Pixar combined with the best parts of Spider-Man , Superman and Batman ... plus it 's pretty damn funny too .
certainly the animated movie of the year and , for my money , one of the best times you 'll have at the movies all year .
As a die-hard Red Sox fan , the highest praise I can give Pixar 's latest is that it held my full attention after a madcap and largely sleepless Victory Parade weekend .
That The Incredibles is so polished and assured comes as no surprise . The question is , will Pixar 's formula ever get old ?
The funny stuff outweighs the slower parts - it mostly delivers super hero entertainment .
The rich collection of animated characters really lives on screen . Once again , Pixar raises the bar for computer-animation storytelling .
Visual wonders are just a mind-blowing bonus in a film which uses character-driven hero stories to make something incredibly smart .
It 's funny , dramatic , even heroic : `` The Incredibles '' largely lives up to its name . But you 'll still leave the film feeling that Pixar left something on the table .
The film proves there are auteurs even within the army-of-collaborators medium that is big-budget animation .
... sounds an alarm about the perils of conformity , particularly if being one of the crowd means having to deny your true nature . ... The Incredibles live up to their billing .
I ca n't shake the notion that The Incredibles may not be all it might have been . It stomps all the expected bases instead of streaking by with daring innovation .
MacGyver hopped up on methamphetamines would n't be more quick-witted .
And get this , not one single flatulence joke to be found in the entire film . Thank you , Brad Bird . Thank you .
Bird has big shoes to fill - those of Pixar fave John Lassetter - with his latest venture ... boy , does he fill them .
Pixar 's done it again , etc. , etc. . It 's almost boring at this point .
Succeeds not only as a straight-forward action picture with suspense and excitement , but also as a touching and funny story about the importance of family and individuality .
Wow . I mean , really -- Wow !
Funny and frantic ? Sure -- but The Incredibles is also one of the greatest adventures the movies have given us .
Brace yourself for something more sophisticated and ... adult . The Incredibles is not cut from the same touchy-feely ... mold as Toy Story , Monsters Inc. or Finding Nemo .
Amazing , amusing action-adventure .
The Incredibles is the coolest movie ever made . It rolls Marvel Comics , James Bond and Jonny Quest into the ultimate Saturday morning cartoon sugar buzz .
I sincerely hope that there 's an Incredibles 2 somewhere down the road . These characters are too endearing and way too much fun to be left hanging at the end .
A class act and a heck of a lot of fun .
Simply put , The Incredibles is !
A brilliant blend of fast-paced comedy , dazzling visuals and heartfelt emotion that put most other contemporary films-animated or otherwise-to shame ...
Pardon me for the Joel Siegel moment , but it 's all pretty fricking incredible .
Easily the best and brightest family-friendly movie of the year .
One of the year 's most clever and visually arresting computer-animated films .
-LSB- An -RSB- unprecedented film that is not just a grand feature-length cartoon but a grand feature .
It 's hard to imagine anyone not being utterly enthralled by the timeless charms and dazzling animation prowess of The Incredibles .
A laugh-out-loud funny , adrenaline-fueled romp .
Made with so much wit , such cinematic savvy , and such a brilliant instinct for the way real bodies move through space , that it has more ontological authenticity than a lot of films featuring people who actually exist .
Pixar has delivered its first pure action picture , while still managing not to lose sight of its preoccupation with family .
A movie with the sweet soul of Toy Story and the boisterous spirit of Spy Kids .
A fun-filled foray into animated action , fantasy and adventure .
Pixar 's new animated action-comedy , about a superhero family stuck in middle-class suburban exile , comes tantalizingly close to greatness .
A computer-generated animated adventure about retired superheroes , blends action , humor and even a touch of earnest emotion into a dazzling visual package .
A delightful adventure for families .
Sharper and smarter than any animation since Shrek 2 .
Phenomenal , magnificent , exuberantly entertaining , and just about any other positive adjective you can think of .
The Incredibles eventually captures all the right emotional beats , thumping superhero action and poignant moments to make the film , well , almost incredible .
Incredibles has the hip style and flash of '60s action entertainment , complete with a jazzy score .
It 's not as catchy a title , but The Incredibles is more like The Really Goods .
The expressions on the characters ' faces are so nuanced and complex you feel like you 're watching actual people .
Filled with the kind of funny detail that has become a Pixar trademark .
The studio 's best-ever work with humanoid forms .
Everything works in this movie .
It is not merely amazing -- it reflects an imagination just as elaborate as the technology it employs .
The Incredibles creates so seamless a mood of exhilaration that we resent being pulled out of it .
A vivid , sublime parody and valentine to the superhero genre .
The brainiacs at Pixar have created human characters as vivid and believable and utterly endearing as any who have ever appeared on film
Bird and the Pixar whizzes do what they do excellently ; you just wish they were doing something else .
The Incredibles promotes a new moral slogan for our times : The family that fights evil-doers together stays together .
There is more unexpectedly moving , palpable , identifiable jeopardy and danger for these animated characters than in much of the recent low-rate live-action superhero junk .
Pixar 's track record is Incredible ! Yet another great film for kids and adults alike !
Exhilarating entertainment with unexpected depths ... a bold , bright , funny and furious superhero cartoon that dares to take sly jabs at the culture of entitlement .
Imaginative , good-versus-evil escapist adventure that will delight both adults and children . A movie that really lives up to its name .
Moderately engaging but hardly a classic .
The action sequences here are so big and so effortless that you wonder why Jerry Bruckheimer and all his imitators ca n't muster up the ability to do things half as well .
The Incredibles is awesome , so get ready for a good time . Even the geeks are going to like it !
The sleek beauty , crafty wit , family warmth , and impeccable slapstick suffusing The Incredibles immediately vaults it to a new , higher level of entertainment .
A funny and , at times , ingenious movie .
While delivering the goods as a rip-roaring action-adventure and in the process rocketing the art of animation to new heights of imagination , humor and wonder , director-writer Brad Bird has crafted a film that breaks fresh ground and defies fogy rules .
The animation is as lush and colorful as usual , and a lock for an Oscar nomination for best animated film is as much of a lock as a scorching Arizona summer .
The command and ingenuity with which Pixar has , once again , raised the level of excellence to which animated movies -LRB- and , why stop there , all movies -RRB- can aspire is easy to take for granted .
as stylish as Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow but with more depth , and as giddy as Toy Story but with more of a soul
it 's difficult to imagine anyone who wo n't be thoroughly entertained by this terrific family adventure .
-LSB- Pixar 's -RSB- first feature to lack the winsome pizzaz that makes for mandatory repeat viewing ... -LRB- but will still -RRB- entertain enough to justify the price of a movie ticket .
Character-driven animation with wit , angst , and adventure .
Every great movement begins with one glorious bound ... over tall buildings or otherwise .
From first frame to last the effects are flawlessly detailed and the design fabulously executed .
The Incredibles announces the studio 's arrival in the vast yet overcrowded Hollywood lot of eardrum-bashing , metal-crunching action sludge .
One of the most entertaining family films of the year .
Strong story and animation , excellent dialogue , interesting pace dynamics , action , love , and some pretty potent thought nuggets -- this is entertainment !
still indicative of a genre in its infancy , nowhere near as steadfastly classic as the cream of the cell-animated crop . Brilliant stuff , but not outstanding .
An epic battle between conformity and exceptionality in The Incredibles , which will be catnip for superhero buffs and a great time at the movies for everyone else .
Incredible by name and incredible by nature -- brilliantly acted , wonderfully animated and hysterically funny throughout , this is one of the best films of the year . Unmissable .
Despite first-rate CGI animation and some clever atomic 50s-style art direction , -LSB- it -RSB- commits the worst cinematic sin of all , it 's tepid .
As imaginative and astute as any general audience entertainment has been for a long while .
La mejor cinta de animación 3D jamás realizada .
The `` comics '' of the 21st century -- in the fullest sense of the term . If you do n't love it I 've got a nice flat for you on Mars . Meanwhile , there 's a new bonanza on the block .
So full of heart and soul that you can actually feel it becoming a classic while you 're watching it .
The Incredibles may fight to save the world , but they teach us to know thyself .






@highlight

Bringing loads of wit and tons of fun to the animated superhero genre , The Incredibles easily lives up to its name .