-LSB- Pruitt Taylor Vince -RSB- knocks it out of the park in this movie . Just about every time he walked on frame he just gave me chills . He 's such an unsettling presence in this film .
It 's one of the scariest movies you can stream .
Sadly , the film whiffs the baroque climactic good-versus-evil confrontation and trots out too many clichés getting there .
`` The Devil 's Candy '' is smart genre filmmaking , a taut juggling of the menacing and the character-centric .
... a short , sharp shock of terror ...
Horror fans in search of a smarter-than-average thriller that will make their hearts race and their viscera quiver should not miss this one .
There is something eerily special and surprisingly heartfelt about Sean Byrne 's The Devil 's Candy .
Byrne directs scenes of terror with a visual aestheticism unmatched by most of his contemporaries .
The Devil is a source of inspiration in The Devil 's Candy , an unsettling horror film about dueling methods of confronting that inspiration .
The Devil 's Candy settles for a standard-issue hellfire finale , one that obliterates what tattered credibility remains in Byrne 's story .
The Devil 's Candy is n't particularly bloody in and of itself . It suggests acts of terrible evil far more than it shows , and is all the more intense for it . Highly recommended .
Place Mr. Byrne along the names of Ti West , Robert Eggers and Ted Geoghegan when making a list of current horror directors to watch .
It is a pleasant surprise , then , that director Sean Byrne has crafted a minor masterpiece of the genre out of what initially seems a limited , derivative premise .
Sean Byrne 's assured second feature is so in on the satanic joke , it sometimes feels like a comedy . In its final turn , it brings the pain ; it 's definitely a horror movie but a wonderfully witty one , not for gentle souls .
It is , in other words , the kind of horror film that transcends genre and reaches that rare but exalted sweet spot of touching on genuine human fears .
A terrifying heavy metal treat worth savoring .
With The Devil 's Candy , Byrne confirms his status as a filmmaker to watch .
What makes `` The Devil 's Candy '' a standout is how well-developed these characters are . This is ultimately a movie about parenting , and how even `` hip '' moms and dads fear the choices they make are hurting their young .
The film moves so quickly that lingering tonal unease from scene to scene never really has time to stick , and little plot questions only start nagging after the last screaming lick over the end credits fades .
Mr. Byrne - relying almost entirely on a doom-metal soundtrack , game performers and a grungy palette of oily browns and moldy greens - somehow whips his ingredients into an improbably taut man-versus-Satan showdown .
... a heavy metal vision of hell .
Indie horror does n't get much more stylish or creepy than The Devil 's Candy .
Refreshingly avoiding spelling everything out , it also features a strong emotional arc , striking visuals , and a standout performance from Ethan Embry .
The Devil 's Candy is enjoyable hokum ; a mildly effective horror ride .
This is a horror film made in the true spirit of metal : just like the music it 's inspired by , it 's loud and sometimes gruesome but also winningly earnest .
Byrne has such a clear identity as a filmmaker that the story is immediately elevated . He finds the absurd and the mundane in the terrifying , and the horror in no way suffers from the dark humour .
The Devil 's Candy offers a lean and slick homage to occult films , but with a knowing edge that suggests director Sean Byrne is aiming for the critical rafters .
A blistering , intimate , heavy metal-tinged horror/thriller worth catching on the biggest , loudest screen possible .
Byrne leaves his native Australia behind for Austin , Texas where he 's made a deliciously over-the-top satanic horror flick with heavy doses of gore , metal and most surprisingly - heart .
The Devil 's Candy is the complete midnight movie package . It 's got characters to root for , a clever narrative , and a spot-on mix of scares-those that are brimming with energy and others that 'll seep in and mess with your head .
Byrne 's artful use of image and sound takes the narrative to a whole new level . Heavy metal music dominates the soundtrack , as well as the characters ' lives , providing an ideal conduit for the demonic forces lurking beneath the story 's surface .
This is thrasher as rounded character , not stoner buffoon , and that alone makes The Devil 's Candy stand out from the crowd .
presents itself as an archetypal clash of good & evil , & wraps itself in Christian iconography & ideology , -LSB- but -RSB- its conflict takes place as much within as between Jesse & Ray , so that its drama of errant masculinity comes with a psychological edge .
... Byrne has confidently cemented his place as one of the horror genre 's most promising and talented up-and-coming filmmakers .
Offers everything from basic `` jump scares '' to high-end suspense to darkly disturbing thematic dread .
Kiara Glasco gives one of the best ` scream queen ' performances of all-time ... A muscular , punchy genre exercise that feels like a new classic simply because the filmmakers noticeably gave a damn .
While it is n't anywhere near the game-changer it might have been , it 's entertaining enough , with some memorable sequences -LRB- and ideas -RRB- that are worth exploring on VOD .
The Devil 's Candy is a headbanging trip into parental Hell , but more importantly , it proves that Sean Byrne is MUCH more than a one-hit wonder - as many of us already knew .
It is a lean , mean , tight -LRB- under 80 minutes -RRB- thriller that draws from other films like it without feeling derivative .
The needlessly complex and convoluted plot and the vague antagonist will make you scratch your head , not hide your eyes from fear .
Accomplished visually and busy sonically , it nonetheless falls short with a story of rock 'n' roll demonic possession that scarcely begins to exploit the ideas embedded in its serviceable premise .
A beautifully calibrated horror movie in which the themes are as potent as the suspense , The Devil 's Candy establishes its characters first , which makes their eventual and inevitable descent into terror all the more gripping .

@highlight

The Devil 's Candy playfully subverts horror tropes while serving up more than enough stylish thrills to satisfy genre enthusiasts .