Excellent performances , colorful scenes ... and an extraordinary story create a solid film that will fascination lovers of literature and the Victorian era . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A warm PG-rated feature for families with older kids who wo n't grow restless with its adult preoccupations and leisurely pace .
The film 's lighthearted tone imagines the author as a sort of literary Forrest Gump , lucking his way into overhearing brilliant dialogue and accidentally crossing paths with people who inspire his most beloved work .
Just like Stevens as Dickens , The Man Who Invented Christmas is immensely likeable , and undoubtedly will having you leaving the theatre feeling more festive than when you entered .
An overall very calming , pleasant mediocrity .
An unexpected pleasure .
There 's a somewhat contrived jauntiness to this blending of fact and fiction that may leave cynical audiences annoyed . But for those who leave their bah-humbug attitudes at home , it 's a wonderfully entertaining take on a classic .
Given the number of successful adaptations of Dickens ' work , what is this film trying to add that has n't already been achieved ?
I admit a bias here . Two biases , in fact . British authors are among my favorite writers . And ` A Christmas Carol ' is among my favorite books . So te combination in ` The Man Who Invented Christmas ' already appealed to me .
Charming , souffle-lite Christmas tale from British director Bharat Nalluri -LRB- Miss Pettigrew Lives for a Day -RRB- about the imaginary adventure the young Charles Dickens -LRB- Dan Stevens -RRB- went through while suffering a rare case of writer 's block .
The Man Who Invented Christmas is a hokey-yet-charming , family-friendly holiday film , telling the -LRB- mostly -RRB- true story behind one of the best-known and frequently-adapted literary works of all time .
The title character , Charles Dickens is played by an actor whose wide-eyed stares projects `` this is for children '' but a movie which is absorbing enough for adults .
The Man Who Invented Christmas is good at its feel-iest , a beloved but stale tale retold with novelty while revealing an interesting rest of the story .
Overall , this is an instructive look into the history of Charles Dickens and the creative process behind his famous , popular book . However , it seemed overly long and I found the resolution to Dickens ' writer 's block problem less than convincing .
It 's simple , nice and very enjoyable .
You 'll come for the promise - fulfilled - of excellent production design and a feast of fabulous British thespians , but you 'll stay for the surprisingly engaging story .
This movie is a top-notch production and my guess is that it will appear in movie theaters as a special each year , or at least , on television as a favorite .
A clever rendition of the ghosts of Christmas tales past .
Stevens , in The Man Who Invented Christmas , is cementing another monumental stepping stone in his path , bridging the divide between characters and audiences . Talk about a gift that keeps on giving .
The film features Dickens conferring with the fictional characters in his story as he creates them , so we get an Ebenezer Scrooge , this time played by the great Christopher Plummer . Of course , he winds up being perfect for the role .
The Man Who Invented Christmas is n't a barnstormer but it 's exactly the kind of holiday fare that will cure a bout of humbugness . Bring the family .
It loses its way and literally becomes another A Christmas Carol , so why watch this when one countless other and undeniably better adaptations exist ?
Merry Capitalism !
It 's an unwieldy concept -- an English literature lesson in pageant form -- but the results are at least colourful and perky .
It 's a familiar tale and , as Dickens 's study fills with his own fictional characters , comparisons with The Muppet Christmas Carol are difficult to shake off .
It is all a bit frantic and flippant but if you are looking for something to fill you with festive spirit then you could do worse .
The film 's best sections involve Plummer , who on this evidence would make a great Scrooge in the 20th straight adaptation of the novella . They should have bitten the bullet and made that instead .
A lightweight , tinselly film with some nice touches and appealing performances , though it never lands its darker moments .
There are a few bright spots , like Christopher Plummer 's Scrooge , but with its too-bright visuals and laboured dialogue , at best , the film belongs on television .
The Man Who Invented Christmas , however , is a festive treat , in no small part because it 's not about Christmas . It 's about one of the most famous authors we know and how he overcame the writer 's block equivalent of Santa being stuck in the chimney .
Dan Stevens delivers an eccentric , anxious , animated young Dickens to the screen .
Susan Coyne 's smart screenplay sees these real world antecedents rubbing shoulders with composite characters -LRB- notably Tara , an Irish maid with a flair for ghost stories -RRB- and Dickens getting into loud arguments with his fictional creations .
This entirely terrible film feels about as Christmassy as watching England go out of the World Cup at the group stage .
A truly sensational story of the creation of Christmas as we know it and a wonderful addition to the holiday season .
A proper family film .
While no turkey , the end result is mostly a lot of whimsical nonsense .
There 's enough here to justify the effort of suspending disbelief . And it is full of the Christmas spirit .
The Man Who Invented Christmas is a bit of a turkey , albeit with all the trimmings .
A perkily unpretentious film that trundles along fine as bookish entertainment .
Yes , The Man Who Invented Christmas is creative and fresh enough to fit as smoothly as gingerbread and eggnog into your holiday ritual .
Like Shakespeare in Love or Finding Neverland , the film depicts the visions and revisions leading up to a masterpiece , the random bits of life that intrude on the author and flow out of his pen to the page .
The impression , despite Paki Smith 's sumptuous Victorian production design , is one of constant , cheesy falsehood and wasted opportunity .
As excellent as the supporting cast are , this is Dan Stevens ' film , and he portrays Dickens as a restless ball of creative energy , toing and froing around London with wildly eccentric charm .
Morfydd Clark -LSB- is -RSB- excellent as Dickens 's wife .
Yet this is a highly original work of holiday cheer : witty , bracingly unsentimental -LRB- yet honestly moving -RRB- , and hugely entertaining .
This film is one holiday gift that deserves to go back to the Returns Department .
While undoubtedly flawed , The Man Who Invited Christmas can not be accused of being dour , it 's an irreverent , festive endeavour that thrives in being over the top and unashamedly entertaining .
Humbug ? You said it , Ebenezer .
A lighthearted and sentimental holiday film .
Plummer 's macabre presence makes every scene darker , yet his professional polish sparkles - reflecting lightness in every moment . It 's a beautiful balance , and it makes the movie feel a little more special than your average feel-good fruit cake .
A visually impressive and heartwarming tale befitting the festive season .
Based on historian Les Standiford 's book of the same name , The Man Who Invented Christmas benefits mostly from some smart casting and lively pacing from director Nalluri -LRB- Miss Pettigrew Lives for a Day -RRB- .
It 's very soft-centred but succeeds in casting new light on an episode in its subject 's much scrutinised life that has n't been quite as exhaustively examined as one might have expected .
A pleasant enough , if slightly disjointed Christmas film , following a string of hard historical fact with fanciful detours into fiction .
We owe today 's Xmas and its popular pizzazz to the book , argue the film 's makers , and they may be right .
Scrooge , as expected , is the star of the show , with a fantastic Christopher Plummer .
Fun family entertainment , far from humbug , but lacking the witty originality of the similarly themed Shakespeare In Love .
The Man Who Invented Christmas is unlikely to become a classic that families will revisit every December , but it serves its purpose as a pleasant adjunct for those years when you need to take a break from Alastair Sim .
An affable and gentle holiday biopic , perfect for a matinee with visiting relatives who need something to shut them up for a couple hours .
The secret is to warm the treacle .
There 's no denying the joy-to-the-world sincerity of this family friendly festive offering , which takes an imaginative look at the inspiration behind Charles Dickens ' A Christmas Carol .
richly-detailed British costume drama
The best of all the Christmas movies coming out on the dot of December , The Man Who Invented Christmas is the tale of Charles Dickens coming up with his classic story A Christmas Carol .
This bite-sized literary biopic takes a good deal of poetic license with Charles Dickens ' story around the time he wrote A Christmas Carol .
It 's not all that ambitious , but it is upbeat and occasionally clever .
The Man Who Invented Christmas is surprisingly sweet and , after a somewhat sluggish start , hits all the right holiday notes .
By all rights , The Man Who Invented Christmas should be a humbug . Instead , it 's a humdinger .
Yes , we needed one more spin on Dickens ' most famous tale -LRB- although Magoo 's version still rocks ... -RRB- .
A whimsical , endearing trifle ...
It may not be A Christmas Carol , but it 's no Santa Paws either .
The movie is about launching a product aimed for the holidays while simultaneously being that very thing .
Feel-good magic !
Plays more like good TV than a feature , but a well-acted , unique spin on the classic tale .
Mainly , the fancy at the centre of The Man Who Invented Christmas provides an unusually kinetic literary biography as the writer races against the clock to master the voices of his obstreperous characters in time for the 25th .
A surprisingly fresh movie about a story we all know very well .
It uses the historical facts as a framework for a clever , fantastical story that works on multiple levels . It dives into Dickens ' darkest fears and yet stays lively , joyful and family-friendly .
It 's hard to argue with an invention as amiable as this .
This version of events tends to over-explain the inspiration behind the story , undermining the genius of Dickens as an author .
Nothing against Stevens , but much of the role could have been performed by a cocker spaniel .
It pushes its hero off his pedestal but delivers him -- like Tom Hulce 's Mozart in Amadeus -- to a much better place , the earthy company of fellow citizens who dream of being inspired .
-LSB- Scrooge -RSB- alternately haunts and taunts the author , but when the walls of the grave cave in on him , Plummer finds just the right note of desperation to melt our own hearts .
-LSB- T -RSB- his is a film as much about the magic of storytelling , from author 's mind to printed page or tablet screen , as it is the roots of a religious holiday as cultural touchstone . The passion , the toil , and timeless gift of a tale well told .
It keeps up a whirl of color and cheerful spirit and ends with a brief but believable argument full of good cheer and goodwill toward men .
A truly charming origin story of how Charles Dickens came to write A Christmas Carol . A better feel good movie for the holidays is not possible . Dan Stevens and Christopher Plummer shine .
While cute and comfortingly nostalgic , this is also stifling at times too .
An exercise in calculated sentimentality ... like a box of colorful candy , much too sugary and not at all nutritious .
That 's the thing about classics : Each reiteration , if done properly , puts us closer to the story at heart .
Buried somewhere inside The Man Who Invented Christmas , there 's a really good movie .
... the film does not find a way to balance and develop these potentially interesting storylines and therefore fails to achieve an adequate emotional payoff for any of them .
`` Christmas '' plays simplistically and , at times , quite blandly .
While we are ostensibly getting another rendition of A Christmas Carol after all , there 's something about Dickens being the one awakened by his own story -LRB- that 's awakened many others -RRB- that resonates more than you 'll expect .
A tale that 's sure to revive the variety of emotions which come alive within you during the Christmas season .
Christopher Plummer 's humbugged-to-the-max take on the immortal miser easily ranks as the most nuanced and memorable interpretation since Alastair Sim set the gold standard for wrenching , grasping , scraping , clutching , covetous old sinners .
The classic story of redemption still resonates , but in this case , the author is less compelling than his characters .
It 's not the best movie you 'll get under your stocking , but when it comes to spreading spreading Christmas cheer , the film gradually wins you over .
... watching the merry and bright film about the story 's origin almost makes me want to see the show again , or maybe read the brief book by Charles Dickens . That 's how delightful the movie is .
Compelling ? Well , so-so . A unique take on the familiar Charles Dickens tale , ` A Christmas Carol ' ? Definitely .
An enjoyable , entertaining and imaginative look at the general creative process as well as the creation of `` A Christmas Carol '' in particular . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Scares , etc. - also Available -RRB-
Great cast . If you 're a Dickens ' fan and love the Christmas Carol movies , you 're going to enjoy this as much as I did .
Biography takes some fanciful turns in The Man Who Invented Christmas , an engaging look at Charles Dickens and the turbulent story behind the creation of perhaps his best-loved book , A Christmas Carol .
It not only offers a fresh look at the familiar ghost story , but it also has a lot to say about the good in humans if they will only stop trying to suppress it . God bless the filmmakers , one and all , for creating such a treat .
The Man Who Invented Christmas is a great family-friendly movie for the holiday season and should be enjoyable for anyone familiar with Dickens ' holiday classic .
I ca n't say that The Man Who Invented Christmas will -LRB- or should -RRB- hang at the top of anyone 's cinematic tree , but , at its best , the movie has a lively spirit that keeps us from crying `` Humbug . ''
This is heartwarming family fare for this holiday season : not a mindless piece of fluff but an intriguing story about a man whose work continues to resonate with readers -LRB- and filmgoers -RRB- around the world .
It 's filled with so many theatrical flourishes and fantastical touches , one can envision this material as a work for the stage , or even an animated film .
This origin story relies far too heavily on the Dickens tale without adding much interest .
Nalluri has delivered a delightful and touching holiday film just when we need it most .
It plays too much like a Hallmark Channel movie with somewhat bigger stars -- creating a mundane story around a magical one .
Heartfelt take on idea for Charles Dickens holiday classic .
The film never makes the case for why it 's wrapping one fiction inside of another .
A saccharine stab at a new holiday perennial that tries to fuse the classic Yuletide yarn with a Shakespeare In Love-style literary origin story and manages to let both of them down .
The Man Who Invented Christmas contains nothing inappropriate for family viewing , but I 'd be hard-pressed to find a family that would find the experience enriching .
The Man Who Invented Christmas '' is a high-energy , family-friendly movie that offers a fresh , spirited take on one of Western civilization 's most famous tales . God bless us , every one .
... it fails on so many other levels that failing to support the argument stated in its title may be the least of its sins .
What really sets the film apart from the recent slate of abysmal holiday fare is its sweetness , good intentions and solid supporting performances .
In the end , `` The Man Who Invented Christmas '' is an enjoyable enough diversion .
Filled with charm and delight .
Yes , there are life lessons aplenty , but that 's perfectly appropriate in a celebration of one of the great moral fables of all time .
... `` The Man Who Invented Christmas '' deserves a hearty pat on the back for somehow managing to bring the tale to life in an original way .
The Man Who Invented Christmas is mostly a story about overcoming writer 's block . That sounds boring , and it surely would be unbearable if anyone but Stevens was in the role .
This telling of Charles Dickens ' writing of A Christmas Carol is an odd hybrid of a biography of the author and an interpretation of , arguably , his most famous work .
Heavy borrowing , massive spending , and large amounts of food . Maybe he did invent Christmas .
... will appeal to every member of the family with almost scientific precision .
Granted , some will find the whole conceit a bit precious . Still , you might find it hard not to grin when a squabble breaks out between inventor -LRB- Dickens -RRB- and invent-ee -LRB- Scrooge -RRB- .
It 's a retelling of the classic holiday tale - one told while under construction . In fits and starts , the writer 's imagination pieces together everyday material along with some inner torments .
Since `` humbug '' is already spoken for by Ebenezer Scrooge , `` opportunistic '' would be the most apt word for The Man Who Invented Christmas .
God has blessed us , every one , with Dan Stevens , who inhabits the character of Dickens beautifully .
`` The Man Who Invented Christmas '' ends up hitting most of the notes Dickens sounded so memorably in his classic : forgiveness , forbearance , generosity , charity , family feeling .
We 've seen it all before , from the nasty old miser , to the adorable little fellow with the crutch , and the skeletal specter . But flip my Fezziwig if they do n't make the quintessential yarn original and appealing .
Watching Stevens and company , it 's hard to resist the breezy , broadly played appeal of Dickens 's creative epiphanies and tortured brainstorming sessions .
A likable lite-Victorian dip into the milieu - a bit of fun and dress-up , an alternative to being ground once again through the whole three-ghosts rigamarole .
Fancifully fills in the backstory of a tale that continues to lift the spirits of the season .
While certainly not a new classic , The Man Who Invented Christmas is an enjoyable experience that succeeds in rousing the Christmas spirit .
Dan Stevens oozes energy and purpose as Charles Dickens in this creative offering about the writing of an iconic Christmas story .
`` The Man Who Invented Christmas '' is a jaunty , amusing patchwork of truths , half-truths and pure fiction that cleverly combine to recount the story of the whirlwind creation of Charles Dickens ' famed novella `` A Christmas Carol . ''
-LSB- Dan -RSB- Stevens gives a charming performance as Dickens .
Brightly lit and anchored by Mr. Stevens 's infectious , live-wire performance , the film ... proceeds like a television holiday special , designed to distract children while winking at their parents .
Diverting trifle about the making of A Christmas Carol .
There 's charm and wit in its fanciful depiction of the creative process , but the film downplays the social activism that Dickens fully embraced in his work .
The Man Who Invented Christmas is the story of Dickens ' work on A Christmas Carol and , happily , it 'll be one of the best Christmas movies you watch this year .
` The Man Who Invented Christmas ' has its gloomy moments , but , overall , it trumpets not only the author but the holiday .
Director Bharat Nalluri -LRB- Miss Pettigrew Lives for a Day -RRB- maintains an oppressively cutesy tone-the film is as sweet and heavy as egg nog .
If `` The Man Who Invented Christmas '' does n't catapult you into the proper Christmas spirit , you may want to consult a doctor .
Watching Dan Stevens in the lead role feels like we 're witnessing the real man in his lifetime . It 's an awesome performance , and `` The Man Who Invented Christmas '' is top-notch entertainment .
`` The Man Who Invented Christmas '' is a fun interpretation on how A Christmas Story came to be and we should all be glad it did .
The Man Who Invented Christmas puts the hum in `` humbug . ''
As lightweight as this movie is , at least `` The Man Who Invented Christmas '' builds on the traditional tale in a new way .
The Man Who Invented Christmas is the very definition of festive fun for the entire family . It is an instant holiday classic and one that celebrates creativity and imagination .
-LSB- Reveals -RSB- the equivalently satisfying story of how the English author conceived his beloved yuletide novella - while offering a chance for a splendidly cast Christopher Plummer to play Ebenezer Scrooge in the process .
-LSB- Offers -RSB- enough enjoyable Masterpiece Theater-style moments to entice Anglophiles and those who can never get enough of Ebenezer Scrooge .
As a portrait of an author on the verge of a breakthrough , this is a run-of-the-mill , occasionally clumsy biopic ; as for contextualizing Christmas , it never explains how it functioned before Dickens and only briefly mentions how it changed after him .

@highlight

The Man Who Invented Christmas adds holiday magic to the writing of A Christmas Carol , putting a sweetly revisionist spin on the story behind a classic yuletide tale .