It is this thing -- being alive in the world -- that is precisely what Holy Motors achieves .
From its enigmatic opening scenes , which sends the viewers into a mysterious voyage a la Alice through the looking glass that ends up in a movie theater , Holy Motors -LRB- 2012 -RRB- is a celebration of the magic , imagination , and primal power of the movies .
Jean-Luc Godard 's Weekend for the digital era . Both exuberant and melancholy , it 's a film about an allegedly dying art form that is thrillingly alive . Cinema is dead . Long live cinema .
Holy Motors is visionary , absurd , melancholy , ecstatic , confounding , and ultimately transcendent . If 2012 spawns a better film I will eat a bouquet of flowers .
It is gratifying to discover that mankind is still capable of finding new ways of being weird .
It is never dull .
It 's an ingenious , half-mad triumph , and exactly what we expect from outlier Carax-one decade at a time .
From its enigmatic opening scenes , which sends the viewers into a mysterious voyage a la Alice through the looking glass that ends up in a movie theater , Holy Motors is a celebration of the magic , imagination , and primal power of the movies .
The movie is a puzzle meant to be played and enjoyed , not solved . As Oscar asserts : ` We 're having a ball in the back of beyond . '
... this is a fascinating film experience where you never quite know what 's coming next , and feel nothing but fulfilled when the eventual entertainment reveal arrives .
Welcome to the latest in WTF cinema , the kind of movie that critics love , general audiences loathe and cinephiles puzzle over .
By the time this film 's over , you 're shaken , intrigued and reminded that art does n't need to add up to be entrancing .
Read a dozen reviews of `` Holy Motors '' and you 'll mostly get a dozen people scrambling not to admit that they do n't quite get it .
Offering a weird and wonderful tangle of ideas , Carax and Lavant are clearly reveling in the madcap vibe , and together they have created an entertainingly barmy and gag-filled ode to both cinema and what Oscar calls ` the beauty in the act ' .
Surreal and inscrutable , it 's visually compelling avante-garde cinema that may leave you wondering , ` What was that about ? '
It 's an absurd , unsafe , inexplicable and unpredictable fantasy ... .
The intentionally blurry , perhaps non-existent line between so-called ` reality ' and fantasy is either something you are willing to endure , or not , in my case .
Holy Motors é uma declaração de amor ao Cinema , um suspiro de impaciência acerca do Cinema e uma manifestação de desesperança diante do estado atual do Cinema . Uma desesperança que a própria existência do filme se encarrega de suprimir .
Holy Motors is some kind of wonderful .
Mystifying and emotion-stirring , it demands that you bring yourself
Go along for the ride
`` Holy Motors '' is a post-apocalyptic movie , if your idea of the apocalypse was the demise of 35 mm film and the rise of YouTube culture .
Carax has always been an enfant terrible with taste for excess , but Holy Motors , which has just won the L.A. Critics for Best Foreign Film , is his most original , shocking , and entertaining work to date .
As playful as it is ... Holy Motors has the power to haunt as much as to amuse .
For all its disruptive energy , Holy Motors is also a thing of sublime beauty .
It may be the weirdest and most challenging movie to open in Austin this year . It 's also oddly moving .
As frustratingly opaque as Carax 's art film is , Denis Lavant is fantastic in the lead role , as he portrays character after character , all with the utmost credibility .
I admire the film for thinking out of the box , but it just tries too hard to be weird . It ends up imploding on itself due to its over-ambition .
If you like a movie that dares you to keep up and that demands your willingness to let some parts of it remain mystifying , `` Holy Motors '' is a ride worth taking .
Totally exhilarating and completely bonkers , like if ` Quantum Leap ' had been a French art film
A joyous experience .
Audiences who care about character and plot are liable to take the exit to a movie that makes sense .
Despite the millions of dollars fueling 2012 's special-effects extravaganzas , I doubt I 'll experience anything as exhilarating or memorable this year .
If Carax 's sorcery does n't immediately encourage interest in Oscar 's fantasyland invasion , trigger the eject button on your seat . Holy Motors is not the type of cinema that should be endured .
All this random action , Carax suggests , is for some vast , abstract audience anxious to lose itself in imagined narratives .
This is the kind of it-can-mean-whatever-you-want-it-to-mean art film that I usually run from , but Carax is such a prodigiously gifted mesmerist that , if you give way , you 're likely to be enfolded in the film 's phantasmagoria .
Holy Motors is gloriously alive with experimentation and the centrality of human involvement regardless of what form the end product of their efforts takes .
Weird , baffling , and the lunatic work of a powerfully ambitious filmmaker , ` Holy Motors ' is one of the best films of the year .
André Breton would be proud .
I just know Holy Motors tickled me , cosmic pretensions and all .
Holy Motors is wild and unfettered and playful - the work of an artist who carries his love of cinema in his bones , and knows how to share that affection with the audience .
This is the most exhilarating cinema ride of 2012 , a marvellously mobile mystery trip .
In `` Holy Motors '' Carax insists on our other selves . His daylong ride is a wary celebration , a joyful dirge that 's served up in concentrated form by a roving band of accordion players . It 's all in a day 's work .
Some day , an editor is going to put together a highlight reel of Denis Lavant 's greatest performances . Will most of it be scenes from Holy Motors ?
It 's rare that we get the chance to encounter anything this freely inventive , this amusing , this ineffably sad and , yet , this full of life .
A fascinating and heartbreaking study of humanity , one leavened with a refreshing levity and humor that makes Carax 's philosophy on life not only palatable , but thoroughly enjoyable .
A stunning exploration of identity in both society and filmmaking that features one of the best performances of the year by some stretch .
A film that not only demands repeat viewings but also makes that an attractive proposition .
A multitude of pleasures abound if one gives into the insane spell the film casts .
An exercise in overindulgence .
As cryptic and unpredictable as that premise might suggest .
A glorious , gross , absurd , haunting dream and deconstruction of identity that may enthrall like a symphony or annoy like a rash .
Lavant is splendid in the film , and he 's essentially the entire film - and yet , `` Holy Motors '' is somewhat more than a contraption built for a fearless performer .
Here is a film that is exasperating , frustrating , anarchic and in a constant state of renewal . It 's not tame .
Whatever your approach to the schoizoid storyline , you 're unlikely to ever forget the exhilarating , eruptive cinematic splooge of Holy Motors .
Holy moly , Carax drops the movie acid .
I do n't know what Lavant is playing here because I 've never seen anything like it .
Leos Carax 's surreal ode to ... identity ? Movies ? Performance ? Identity and performance in movies , or movies and performance in identity , or some other combination that will come to mind upon further viewings ?
... Viewers are along for a ride , wild and surreal .
The most brilliant and exhilarating film of the year .
The audience member never wonders what is happening , though we may often wonder why , or under what laws this reality operates .
Weirdly - and probably for entirely the wrong reasons - I could n't take my eyes off it .
Carax 's film is a cousin to `` Synecdoche '' and a modern response to Rivette 's `` Celine and Julie Go Boating . '' He even appears to have anticipated Cronenberg 's `` Cosmopolis , '' answering the questions set forth ... as to where all the limos go at night .
Denis Lavant gives a tour de force performance -LRB- s -RRB- showing both great acting skill and amazing physical virtuosity - the motion capture scene is jaw dropping to watch .
-LSB- A -RSB- crazy-beautiful reverie about movies , love , the love of movies , and the inevitability of human melancholy by the perpetually mysterious French filmmaker Léos Carax .
Carax produces the startling dislocations of reality that Buñuel pulled off , but without the gleeful wit .
If nothing else , you 'll come out of it feeling perceptually refreshed , as if you 'd just had a ride on an aesthetic and philosophical log flume .
You 'll either run with it or you wo n't , but you can be sure you 've never seen anything quite like it .
While a single viewing -LRB- or even three -RRB- of Holy Motors is n't enough to begin to plumb the depths of its mysteries , it is enough to confirm that this weird , dazzling , utterly unique movie is one of the highlights of 21st century cinema thus far .
It 's an exhilarating trip of movie madness and sadness .
The sort of enigmatic movie that many critics embrace because it 's open to endless interpretation ...
It 's the coolest and strangest movie of the year , and once it gets its druglike hooks in your brain , you 'll never get them out again .
Leos Carax 's first feature in over a decade is a weird , witty and -LRB- mostly -RRB- wonderful tour de force for its director as well as his star , Denis Lavant .
Holy Motors , fueled by pure feeling , is a dream of a movie you want to get lost in .
Each episode of director Leos Carax 's film perfectly masters the exact tone of a different genre , finding precisely the saddest moment in each of its vignettes .
Visually ... Holy Motors is cinema like we rarely see it . And that alone makes it one of the cinematic events of the year .
-LSB- A -RSB- visionary , jaw-dropping spectacle .
The inventiveness and exuberance of `` Holy Motors '' is immensely enjoyable , and yet there 's something truly , weirdly heartbreaking at this film 's core .
Bizarre , perverse , funny , magical , exhilarating , creepy , beautiful , mesmerizing and slightly exhausting with a tour de force performance by Denis Lavant .
Just when you 're ready to throw up your hands and walk out , there 's a scene of Lavant gliding around Paris like some silent-movie character out of `` Judex '' or `` Fantomas '' ...
So many genres , moods , shifts , skits and bits make up ` Holy Motors ' that inevitably some misfire , though most sparkle .
A dream of the movies that looks like a movie of dreams .
It could almost be a film made in a time before language , a rendering of modern life - or modern lives - as a kind of cinematic cave painting . With songs . And a white stretch limo . And Kylie Minogue .
Unclassifiable , expansive , and breathtaking ...
Holy Motors is aggressively `` wild , '' a puzzle that tweaks the mind but does n't nourish .
I am refreshed by it , my faith in the unique power of film completely restored . I feel like I 've just had my first drink of water after a drought , or my first bite of food after a fast .
Typically confounding but on every level that matters a work of unfettered-and liberating-imagination .
Leos Carax 's long overdue return to feature filmmaking - behind such dark delights as `` The Lovers on the Bridge '' -LRB- 1991 -RRB- and `` Pola X '' -LRB- 1999 -RRB- - is a self-reflexive avant-garde examination of external and internal influences .
An out-of-the-box French sci-fi flick about role-playing , power , death , city life , dreams , limos , the virtual world , and anything else you want it to be about .
I would rather go too far with Carax than stick to the comfort zone of our present cinematic environment .
Technically astonishing albeit with a narrative that finds coherence not something difficult to achieve but basically irrelevant .
In terms of pure cinematic sensation , Holy Motors stands as one of the most delightfully enigmatic movies that I 've seen in quite some time .
Some parts of the film are certainly dazzling , such as the sequence in which Oscar is a motion-capture artist performing a spellbinding techno-dance with a young woman .
Indescribably insane , this outrageously inventive French drama is so bracingly strange that we ca n't help but love every moment .
It is beguiling and barking mad .
It 's a happy return to the cinema for Carax , and likely to prove the classic he has been hoping to make .
It 's a perfect storm of bonkersness .
Carax 's piece is expansive , imaginative and intoxicated -LRB- sometimes to the point of nausea -RRB- with the seventh art .
A total mess that strains for poetic meaning . Yet it also has enough hypnotic power to carry one 's attention through even the clumsiest and obvious passages .
By turns bizarre , moving , funny and melancholic , HOLY MOTORS is a meditation on movies , mutability and mortality , in which all the world is a screen , and we are each of us merely players .
Full of striking moments that stick in the subconscious , you 'll be hard pushed to find a more affecting cinematic experience than this .
Weird yet rather wonderful .
If there are seven basic stories in the world , this is the one about the mutant in us all .
Like an aggressively doolally circus showman , Carax shoves us into our seats for an amusement-park ride through the subconscious , making pit-stops wherever he feels like it .
This is an astonishing and audacious film that is quite simply unlike anything else you 'll see all year , thanks to stylish direction , a wilfully strange script and a glorious central performance from Denis Lavant .
Carax weaves in a variety of film genres , creating scenes that are hilarious , sigh-inducing , thoughtful , terrifying , hyper-violent , absurd and darkly emotional
The best dream you 'll ever have without actually falling asleep .
An exhilarating , audacious , lunatic rocket-ride . Hop on board .
A maddening , self-satisfied , though never smug , game of spot-the-reference that seems intended only for a particular type of cinephile .
Make no mistake about it , Holy Motors is a film that makes no sense at all . Yet like the most beautiful , twisted and irrelevant of dreams it is a movie that will stay in your head and create dreamscapes of its own .
A surreal head-scratcher that 'd make Luis Buñuel smile , it may not be perfectly formed , but there 's no denying its fierce originality .
When most cinema these days pedals nothing but the crushingly predictable , a movie like Holy Motors can not be recommended highly enough .
In Leos Carax 's beautiful , exhilarating , transporting new film , there is something special , and singular , about the act of filming and the nature of cinema .
As an oddball art film that openly invites you to wonder what it 's all about , the film lacks ambition or any real vision , but it 's certainly never boring .
It 's like a really difficult Sudoku puzzle - you 'll love the challenge but will be irriated if you ca n't solve it .
Yes it 's a disarming and potent experience but Holy Motors did n't quite make me a believer .
Beautifully bonkers . Lavant lurches from one extreme to another , with the limousines themselves having their own say on proceedings . Cannes loved it .
A Tour de Wank
After having seen thousands of films in my life , Holy Motors surprised me . I could not have guessed what might happen next at countless junctures and I consider that a very good sign .
He has got a remarkable vision . There 's no doubt about that . It 's a film I would definitely recommend any film-lover to go and see .
The film tantalizes and seduces you into a world that is mysterious but , for the most part , completely arresting .
It 's rich in cinematic references and intermittently fascinating , but it 's also frustratingly distant and strangely a little soulless .
Never before has being so confused felt so enjoyable .
In Holy Motors director Leos Carax demonstrates that playful can be profound , bewildering can be meaningful and randomness can have precision .
Holy Motors quite literally takes us through the looking glass , but its most magical achievement is fooling us into forgiving and forgetting the fakery of it all .
A mischievous sense of fun permeates throughout Carax 's fifth feature , which proved welcome relief at this year 's Cannes Film Festival .
Full of references that are vaguely aligned -LRB- at least in his mind -RRB- with the ethereal fantasy of the afterlife as a place to borrow ghosts for re-enactment of certain scenes , usually dramatic or deadly
A circus of a film themed on death , that is all at once drama , comedy , tragedy , mystery , thriller , farce , erotica and even a musical . There is a tour de force performance by the eminently mouldable chameleon Denis Lavant
Experimental , funny , deliriously original and occasionally maddening .
Holy Motors is both hugely enjoyable and subtly thought-provoking and suggests a return for the director who has been off the radar for over a decade .
The film progresses from one incomprehensible chapter to another until the mind boggles with the effort needed to decipher the film .
It 's a hoot , but also mysterious and moving .
An exhilarating , lunatic odyssey that delves deep into the murky relationship between film and our dreams .
A deliciously preposterous piece of filmmaking that appraises life and death and everything in between , reflected in a funhouse mirror .
It 's hard to imagine anyone enjoying their popcorn when confronted with a naked man with an erection eating Eva Mendes 's hair .
Bold , romantic and hilarious experimentation at its absolute finest .
Only dream logic -- give or take pure cinema -- can begin to explain the wacky beauty of what goes on here .
It 's hard to say what forces are propelling this ecstatic , idiotic , fizzy , frightening provocation , but we 're moved by them too .
It is wayward , kaleidoscopic , black comic and bizarre ; there is in it a batsqueak of genius , dishevelment and derangement ; it is captivating and compelling .
At times , the film achieves a hypnotic intensity . But for much of the time , Carax too visibly strains at poetic resonance


@highlight

Mesmerizingly strange and willfully perverse , Holy Motors offers an unforgettable visual feast alongside a spellbinding -- albeit unapologetically challenging -- narrative .