Bryan Cranston just has ` it ' . This now iconic character actor commands attention .
The Infiltrator introduces a dizzying ensemble of characters into its overstretched duration to weave a tale we already know too well .
The daring Brad Furman is still looking for his style among Heisenberg and Narcos . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Although the ensemble and energy of The Infiltrator are good , the film as a whole comes up a little short .
The film begins in 1986 and is based on a true story , and you have to wish that it had either been told earlier or , if it is to be told now , told with a lot more style .
The Infiltrator is entertaining enough , and makes for solid summer counter-programming .
This is an Oscar worthy performance beautifully supported by numerous good actors ; for example , he 's joined by John Leguizamo as the explosive and unpredictable Emir .
The Infiltrator is what I like to call a decent Saturday laundry film , something that you can put on , walk away from it and let it run on it 's own for about 10 minutes , return to it and not be lost at all .
The Infiltrator just manages to stand out amongst modern films . Bolstered by a strong cast and an engaging , based on true events story , it is a surprisingly enjoyable experience .
Cranston shines in a fact-based yarn that treads well-worn ground with enough panache to excuse the déjà vu .
-LSB- Bryan Cranston is -RSB- the most watchable , dangerous , frangible thing in The Infiltrator , a B-standard crime thriller based on the exploits of undercover `` narc '' Robert Mazur .
Despite the viewer knowing -LRB- largely -RRB- where the film is headed , The Lincoln Lawyer director Brad Furman squeezes plenty of white-knuckle tension from the details .
A suspense film in which the violence is blunt and has a suitable distribution of the cast . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film that has a protagonist above any adjective , with the perfect fit between the facial gesture and voice modulation without fuss . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film that 's worthy of our time , but is n't one that will offer us anything special , not even the Cranston 's good performance . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
` The Infiltrator ' manages to entertain in its two long hours of duration , while exposing things that we have already seen thousands of times . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
While it has its share of gunplay and property damage ... The Infiltrator earns its chills not by pummeling the audience with violence but by gently reminding viewers that some businesses only offer permanent severance packages .
It 's an over-familiar story and lacks tension .
An entertaining but conventional thriller based on the memoirs of a police infiltrated in the Medellin Cartel to stop money laundering operations . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Even though the characters are very charismatic , the film lacks the depth it deserves . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film that maintains a good pace and knows how to keep the interest , especially for those who do n't know Mazur 's story . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A decent , well acted film with some beautiful shots . Too bad is not a well made story . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A recommendable film , especially for those who like real stories about real criminals . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The Infiltrator is a perfect example of a movie where the performances are stronger than the story itself .
Holy Columbian marching powder , you 'll be hard-pressed to find a more adrenaline-soaked , palpitation-inducing , stress-ride at the cinema .
Furman is obviously working in the long shadow of Martin Scorsese and the Breaking Bad team . Still , he 's learned all the right lessons , especially when it comes to music .
A smartly constructed , emotionally involving , character-driven drama .
An ideal summer popcorn pic , if you do n't mind a little blood on your kernels .
A film that combines drama , crime and thriller in perfectly fair measures . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The set-up could n't be better primed for tension , but director Brad Furman does n't supply as much clammy suspense as you might hope .
Bryan Cranston and John Leguizamo 's excellent characterisation saves this crime drama from stewing too much in its rather obvious plotting .
It 's well-crafted , its air of menace is palpable , and Mr Cranston brings depth and detail to a tricky role .
Cranston is excellent : we pick up on the barely perceptible flicker of fear in his eyes as he brazenly weaves his story . And Kruger impresses in a crucial supporting role .
A very serviceable and stylish thriller and more than justifies its bloated running time with some top-notch performances that should keep even the most ardent of Narcos/Breaking Bad fans muy contento .
The action moves credibly from Tampa to London and Paris , but anticlimax dogs the presumably factually accurate final act .
A solid , well-acted tale .
There 's a lot of material to get through and pacing becomes a real problem , the story flashing forward one minute and then becoming ponderous and meandering the next .
Cranston is eminently watchable as the in-too-deep cop risking his family life for the thrill of the job .
A shamelessly derivative but very energetic thriller that has Bryan Cranston in the kind of role that Al Pacino might have relished a generation ago .
A decent film , worth a visit to the cinema , and it comes with a lovely , wholesome footnote : the screenplay is by Ellen Brown Furman , the director 's old mum .
Cranston 's talent - and Furman 's - go a little to waste .
The Infiltrator is not a innovative film but that does n't mean it 's not captivating . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Given the nature of this narrative , and the fact the majority of the tale takes place through the eyes , and ears , of an undercover officer , what transpires is a film that constantly has you looking over the protagonist 's shoulders .
Unlike its undercover hero , plays it very safe .
Often gripping , and elevated by Cranston 's superb central performance . But it 's hard not to feel like we 've seen this before , often and done better .
Bryan Cranston , playing Bob , carries the movie , at home in guises from bowling alley sleazebag to slick mafioso accountant , and sympathetic throughout .
Cranston is powerful but tender , and even soft : a presence that slides up audience 's nostrils as smoothly as the finest Colombian powder .
Cranston 's ability to straddle a moral divide gives the film the bit of complexity and intimacy it needs .
Could n't get enough of the fine , ferociously precise acting work of Bryan Cranston in that torrid TV series Breaking Bad ? Then you 'll be wanting to track down the compelling real-life crime drama The Infiltrator .
Brainy as well as brawny , The Infiltrator works on several levels , not least as a well observed insight into the impact of being an undercover agent targeting specific people
Despite some crackerjack work from Cranston , this story of agent Robert Mazur 's infiltration of the Colombian drug cartels often feels rushed and perfunctory .
The film seems to have forgotten , however , that it 's still a movie , not a documentary - a detrimental misfire that cancels out its own charms .
It strives to deliver the painful truths of Sicario , but with none of that film 's vicious elegance .
... the film grows more and more tedious as it slowly progresses ...
The best thing you can say about The Infiltrator is that Cranston and company are entirely persuasive in a film that does n't make the best use of their stellar efforts .
There are n't enough adrenalin moments to supercharge a film that gets bogged down in exposition .
Cranston shines in ` Infiltrator . '
Besides Cranston , co-stars Benjamin Bratt , Diane Kruger , Amy Ryan and a particularly terrific John Leguizamo juice the film to life , if only for a few minutes at a time .
Feeling long at slightly over two hours , The Infiltrator is a patchwork of elements that tantalize us without satisfying .
It is a testament then to just how universally strong the acting is and how grand the set pieces Furman engineers that the film ends up mattering near as much as it does .
... a solid , workmanlike effort even if it never cashes in on that potential for deeper relevance and moral complexity .
Bryan Cranston brings to Mazur a sense of weary determination and a born performer 's gift for deceit
The film also gives us strong female characters in Diane Kruger 's surprisingly savvy young agent and Amy Ryan 's tough boss .
Interesting story -- but been here , seen this .
You keep pulling for The Infiltrator to break on through to something special , but it 's largely an imitation of other , better movies .
`` Infiltrator '' Not Quite Invasive Enough
This is a summer movie for grownups , the kind that reminds you how gratifying it can be to sit down uninterrupted and watch actors work on the big screen .
Flying stacks of bills from Florida , Central America and Europe , The Infiltrator sure makes cartel life look cushy .
As an undercover crime thriller , Brad Furman 's The Infiltrator only barely works . If anything , it makes a life of crime look gloriously entertaining , aside from the occasional brutal murder that happens in your presence .
The Infiltrator is worth seeing for Cranston alone .
... the courageous true story behind The Infiltrator deserves much more than the coat of beige paint it 's smothered in .
A slick production owes its survival to the excellent casting and acting of Brian Cranston . Never a dull moment .
A suspenseful , stylishly slick espionage thriller - a new twist on a familiar story , distinguished by authentic performances by Bryan Cranston and John Leguizamo .
A well-directed , well-acted effort that 's based on a true story , even if it does bend the truth a bit from how things actually happened . -LRB- Splice Today -RRB-
... an extraordinarily high tension tale ... Even better is that the bittersweet conclusion is far from being a typical Hollywood Ending .
Sturdy , serviceable and ultimately forgettable .
Moviegoers need another film about the drug trade as much as they need a hole in the head -- or , more specifically , a cocaine-caused hole in the nose -- but The Infiltrator does just enough right to make it a welcome addition to the canon .
This film moves along energetically only because Cranston does . When the director and the lousy screenplay interfere things look very ordinary .
Good , solid acting ca n't overcome a fuzzy script and poor editing .
Cranston is at the center of all the action . It 's a highly narcissist performance - like LBJ - and mesmerizing .
Cranston deserves a better role , and we deserve a better film .
Cranston is the best possible actor for the story , of course , having navigated the same terrain in a far more engaging fashion in `` Bad , '' but even his quality work plays like a second-rate leftover .
Within the sprawling pantheon of undercover cop films , The Infiltrator will never be recognized as one of the genre greats . Within actor Bryan Cranston 's body of work however , it will be remembered as the one he saved .
-LSB- Cranston -RSB- acts with his eyes , with such intelligence that the patchwork of lines on his face seem to get deeper by the scene .
A scene in which an Escobar confidant happens upon Mazur and his wife enjoying an anniversary dinner ... morphs into the most unnerving restaurant run-in since Joe Pesci asked Ray Liotta , `` What do you mean I 'm funny ? '' in Goodfellas .
A meticulously-told true story that gives you a portrait of the complexities , big and small , that make undercover operations risky .
The acting is good , and the story is well-told , but THE INFILTRATOR is more serviceable than extraordinary .
A terrific nail-biter with Bryan Cranston leading exceptional performances from a very good cast . Intense times 10 and digs into places most undercover movies do n't .
Scorsese-like , but not quite there . Bryan Cranston , John Leguizamo , Amy Ryan and the rest of the cast are terrific . The direction flags too frequently .
It is n't even a particularly bad movie . It 's just an uninspired one , a rummage sale of leftover parts from other , smarter films .
Really done right , it would be 10 or 12 hours of longform TV .
It 's a solid effort but it 's missing the electricity and spark that a Scorsese or Paul Thomas Anderson would have injected into the material . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Sexual Content , etc. - Also Available -RRB-
The whole thing feels so by-the-numbers that it 's hard to get too invested in the proceedings .
By-the-numbers , but Cranston is always compelling .
On its own limited terms , The Infiltrator , like its hero , delivers the goods .
When director Brad Furman is n't focusing on huge closeups -LRB- which seems to be an awful lot of the time -RRB- , he 's focusing on all the wrong details .
It 's distinguished by its craft and verve .
Composer Chris Hajian breaks out the percolating Jan Hammer synthesizers , and the '80s decadence wafts offscreen like a stink .
The drug of choice here is acting , and the highs in this hurtling , often violent thriller are doubly intense , since two of its stars play flamboyant double roles .
The Infiltrator is solid entertainment made even better by Cranston .
It would have been all too easy for Furman to kitsch things up to the point where we did n't really care , but by movie 's end , we 're not just invested in Mazur and Ertz , we actually feel something for the criminals as well .
After a few initial missteps , Cranston 's good-natured character can do no wrong , and The Infiltrator takes cues from his progression by creating the sense that his scheme is so perfectly realized it can just glide along to a perfect finish .
The Infiltrator is a stylishly crafted and well-acted dramatic thriller , but breaks little new ground despite fascinating subject matter .
Director Brad Furman is smart to focus on Bob - on Cranston , really - whose skill and decency keep us invested even when the story gets murky .
Based on a true story , the cops-and-crime drama The Infiltrator is a straightforward police procedural that 's enlivened by a solid central performance by Bryan Cranston .
Furman has a true story and a compelling cast on his side , but his bland direction leaves The Infiltrator struggling to find its own identity .
Brad Furman , the screenwriter 's husband , wrings the maximum suspense out of all this .
The Infiltrator is one of those movies that is always telling the audience rather than demonstrating to us what the characters are thinking or doing - something that 's deadening in a thriller .
-LSB- Cranston and Leguizamo -RSB- give ample reason for a trip to the multiplex , even if director Brad Furman -LRB- `` The Lincoln Lawyer '' -RRB- ca n't maintain the film 's gritty , immersive tone .
The Infiltrator is an assured piece of filmmaking that spins a familiar tale extremely well .
Though `` The Infiltrator '' breaks no new ground in its storytelling , it is nonetheless a riveting piece of work .
`` The Infiltrator '' is unsatisfying and weirdly absurd at times , but it 's not a complete blunder .
Cranston 's multilayered performance -- riddled with surprising choices , internal conflicts and external pressures -- makes everything work .
It sure is fun to watch Cranston at his best again , masterfully walking the tightrope between good and bad .
Furman keeps a tight rein on the film 's palpable , sometimes suffocating tension . It 's one of The Infiltrator 's assets . Another is the ensemble cast .
Cranston changes his character from regular Joe to raging psycho - and you believe it utterly . He 's extraordinary . Too bad the movie settles for being same old/same old .
A solid , mid-level walk on the seedy side ... when you factor in a terrific-even-for-him lead performance by Bryan Cranston , however , it zooms up the ranks into something well worth leaving the couch for .
Bryan Cranston has become a character actor who can command attention in leading roles , and he shows why here .
For such an extraordinary story , The Infiltrator , from director Brad Furman , feels very by the books .
This is yet another movie based on a true story that believes the depiction of how that story unfolded is enough to sustain it .
The genuine success of The Infiltrator comes from the fact that Cranston seems to hate it , that his every second is full of dread and terror , and he ca n't wait for it to be over . And so he makes everyone in the audience a nervous wreck .
Bryan Cranston 's swagger almost saves this clunky gangster movie .
The Infiltrator has some great moments of tension and suspense . What 's unfortunate is that those great moments are few and far between .
Bryan Cranston is once again caught up in the drug world but this time he is ` Breaking ' Good in this true story about a Federal Agent going deep undercover - a movie that does n't let up the tension for a minute .
Gripping , captivating and electrifying . Bryan Cranston gives one of the best performances of his career .
As solid as Cranston , Leguizamo , Kruger , Bratt , and all the rest are , the built-in constraints of the movie format do n't do their real-life counterparts full justice .
All the narrative easy lifting does not help the emotional gut punch that the film thinks it 's set you up for .
Sadly , as has consistently been the case with his recent film work , The Infiltrator gives Cranston basically nothing to do .
An unfortunate mash-up of ambiguities , inauthenticity and ill-conceived performances is the real crime in this true-crime-based exposé .
... an evocative crime drama , anchored by Cranston 's gift for playing internal conflict with wordless expression and that deep , clinched voice ... a screenplay riddled with conformity to other undercover movies .
One of the most iconic scenes in `` Scarface '' is set in a nightclub in Miami . The opening scene in `` The Infiltrator '' is set in a bowling alley in Tampa . That sums up the gulf between the movies that `` Infiltrator '' seeks to emulate and what it is .
Those looking for a story equal to Cranston 's contributions to it are liable to come away from it feeling slightly disappointed .
... for a true-to-life story involving international intrigue and immense sums of money , to say nothing of drugs and violence and beautiful women , the result is a remarkably dull movie .
Since soaring on AMC 's `` Breaking Bad , '' Cranston simply does n't make dull movies . He carries his latest through an intense and fact-based saga about the scary business of drug cartels .
The Infiltrator is so good you 'll think you 're watching a TV show .
The cast is great , individual scenes work and Robert Mazur 's story -LRB- his book was adapted by Ellen Sue Brown -RRB- is one hell of a tale , but `` The Infiltrator '' comes up short .
The Infiltrator may be inspired by true events , but it 's still a generic crime drama .
This comes to life through another amazing performance by Bryan Cranston .
A solid , if not exceptional , Scorsese takeoff , one that has just enough spunk and wit to make up for its often-apparent shortcomings .
A suspenseful thriller which should have the audience gasping every time that the drug lords are about to expose the customs agent who has infiltrated their network .
Something 's missing . Although the movie is tense , it 's not the white-knuckle experience you might expect , with the most suspenseful scenes coming across as manufactured .
How can a blood-soaked crime story take all the elements of classic neo-noir thrillers and become a perfect storm of tedium ?
With this ersatz sting flick , -LSB- Furman 's -RSB- made something so amateurish and baffling that it comes around to being memorable .
It 's Cranston 's most accomplished and subtly layered film performance to date .
Just because a story actually happened does n't mean it will make for compelling cinema . This is a prime example .
Thanks to Cranston 's performance - along with a game supporting cast - and Brad Furman 's tension-building direction , the movie works .
It 's Cranston 's finest film performance .
A cannily structured piece of pulpy pop entertainment marked by a starry lead performance and some histrionic supporting turns . It does n't have much depth , but the surface keeps you engaged .
Even when playing a nice upstanding guy , Mr. Cranston 's approach is complicated .
Its most perverse twist on the undercover genre is this : It finds sympathy for one of the devils .
The Infiltrator is a true-crime story , familiar but compelling , about false identities , affording Cranston the chance to play a man who is pretending to be another , more swaggering , more dangerous man .
Mazur 's story -LRB- and his book -RRB- is so compelling it was almost inevitable we 'd see a movie one day -- and the movie we got is one of the best of the year .
-LSB- Cranston 's -RSB- craggy face and mellow baritone voice do n't show signs of tiring audiences yet , and he has one quality few actors achieve at any age : He 's eloquent in stillness and silence .
The Infiltrator has some great moments , many of which are early on in the proceedings ... By the time the climax does occur , most of the good will the movie earns in those early moments has been squandered
Cranston ... continues his rewarding post - `` Breaking Bad '' big-screen career with another juicy real-life role in the highly entertaining `` The Infiltrator . ''
Rides on Cranston 's abilities to so ably and sensitively portray the average American man torn between his double life . The story itself often seems outlandish , and if it were n't based on a true one , would feel unrealistic and overly contrived .
Unfortunately , as he performs the acting equivalent of triple backflips , Cranston is n't given much of a safety net from the script or direction .
In the end , `` The Infiltrator '' is as much of a poser as its hero . It wants to be a darker , edgier , more dangerous kind of film . But all it can really manage is a polite , careful imitation .
A sturdy but uninspired crime docudrama that 's neither convincingly colloquial nor thrillingly stylish .
The Infiltrator works best when it sticks to that strange moral grey area that everyone - regardless of their experience busting drug cartels - can relate to .
Cranston and his dye-job are a dozen years too old for this part , and they cast the whole movie accordingly .
It 's a no-nonsense crime procedural that suits its hero .
The Infiltrator gets by on a stellar lead performance by Bryan Cranston , along with strong support from the cast around him .
Its clunky incidents of exposition leave us with no real understanding of what anyone is thinking or feeling .
Drug movies are a fairly formulaic genre . ` The Infiltrator ' has it all , but it ca n't beat the corpse-and-lye-filled-bathtub-eating-through-the-ceiling corrosiveness of ` Breaking Bad . '
Expect sweaty palms as the pressure mounts , since your apprehension skyrockets when watching monsters who 'd murder at the drop of a hat .
The movie rises thanks to an ace in the hole : Bryan Cranston , whose stirring star turn hooks us completely .
Follows some of that played-out drug thriller playbook , but also effectively dials up the nerve-wracking tension .
Cranston turns every moment of duplicity , which is to say nearly every scene of The Infiltrator , into an emotionally textured high-wire act .
Bryan Cranston is appreciably grizzled , but this straightforward drama does n't have much new to say about the madness of America 's drug war or the moral quagmire that comes from living a double life .
Bryan Cranston gets a film role worthy of his ability to break bad in a tensely exciting true-life drama of undercover drug agents .

@highlight

The Infiltrator 's compelling fact-based story and tremendously talented cast are often just enough to balance out its derivative narrative and occasionally clunky execution .