A romantic comedy with all the excitement of an AARP magazine cover story and negligible chemistry between Aniston and Costner . Given talk of infertility , let it be said `` Rumor '' is a series of rocky places in which comedy 's seed can find no purchase .
Lacks depth .
The movie shines when allowing the characters to just exist in their world together , without the forced and tired romantic comedy plot weighing on them .
Rumor has it that Rob Reiner used to make really funny , often moving films . I have no doubt he will do so again .
A lightweight Jennifer Aniston vehicle that 's been rumored to pass for a feature film .
As glazed and cooked as a Christmas ham .
A pleasant little screwball comedy with some clever dialogue .
Com o objetivo de conferir mais dinamismo e graça à história , Rob Reiner impregna o filme com um ar de artificialidade que boicota seus propósitos .
It 's a good thing that Jennifer Aniston is one of Hollywood 's most likeable actresses because her character does some pretty unforgivable things here . Ruffalo , at least , gets to properly shout at her about it before the end , but that 's not really enough .
Rarely does a movie come with a homework assignment . Take it from me , though : Rumor Has It is a lot more fun if you 've seen The Graduate .
Nothing is remotely believable here .
Rumor has it that this movie is really , really good , but that 's only half true .
Profoundly half-baked and needlessly manipulative ... feels as annoyingly fluffy as an oversized marshmallow drowning in a cup of hot chocolate .
I suppose it sounded like a good idea at the time .
Even as a holiday throwaway , this James L. Brooks-style blend of comedy and character is lumpy and artificial , failing to extract enough truth from its sordid situations .
If I have interpreted the message of `` Rumor Has It '' correctly , then its message is that it 's OK to run off and fool around as long as you return to a very understanding partner .
Rumor Has It is a completely charming movie with terrific performances .
Must be among director Rob Reiner 's worst movies .
The truth is , Rob Reiner has come up with another clinker romantic comedy .
What we 've got here is a trifle that is too clever by half . That 's not good .
A lopsided film that finally goes nowhere .
... an intermittently funny but totally confused film that might as well be titled When Harry Met Oedipus .
Sad to say , Reiner continues to be in a slump , showing only glimmers of the man who made When Harry Met Sally ... .
A scantily clad premise that would at best have been a light-hearted farce goes in search of a heart-tugging denouement and does n't find it .
The result is a wayward movie , sort of like a trip to Florida from New York via Cairo , Ill. -- there 's not much to do in Cairo , but there are several worthy stops -LRB- Indianapolis , Memphis -RRB- along the way .
Not much to laugh about .
A funny idea , alas , does n't necessarily make for a funny movie .
It fails artistically but also philosophically , in that it rebuts the spirit of the earlier film , while offering nothing attractive in its place .
Here 's a rumor for ya : this is pretty bland stuff , despite all the clever people involved and good intentions to pull off a hip dramedy . Ultimately , Rumor Has It does n't know what it wants to be .
When it came time to make this particular movie , director Rob Reiner and writer Ted Griffin got all tangled up with a joke they could n't quite get right .
If Aniston really wants to break away from her TV roots , she needs to start picking better material .
Becalmed in this ghastly , would-be comedy , Aniston can do little to mitigate its ickiness .
Seeing -LSB- Reiner -RSB- work now is like watching Willie Mays hobble around in a Mets uniform during that pathetic final year when he hit .211 .
Incest is not the sturdiest foundation on which to build a romantic comedy .
-LSB- The film is -RSB- rendered in a witless , banal environment that makes the whole thing pointless as it creeps to its oddly conformist conclusions .
A slight movie in-joke in search of a feature-length reason to exist . It 's never found .
The film is rife with weird edits and odd looping , so you can guess that something bad happened in the editing room or thereabouts , like , maybe someone noticed the story was nonexistent .
Rumor Has It ... never ends up finding the right direction , in the process wasting an excellent cast -- particularly Costner and Ruffalo -- and a great premise .
Without a plausible story , Rumor Has It has only its performances to get it by , and a very familiar performance -- from Shirley MacLaine , as Beau 's still bawdy , one-time seductress -- is the best we get .
By its final scenes , Rumor has faded into the haze of comforting mediocrity , and I could no longer tell whether the filmmakers wanted to mock Pasadena or move there .
Nichols ' satirically pungent ambitions are reduced to an epiphany about love and marriage -- and an unconvincing one at that .
More dramatic and less comedic than advertised , this is n't something that 'll leave a lasting impression , but then , Mike Nichols did n't think The Graduate would either .
Hand much of the credit to director Rob Reiner , who consistently hits the right comic notes .
A mess -- all high concept , stranded performances , and no laughs .
The real weak point is Reiner 's listless direction , with too few scenes that almost gel and too many that fall flat .
It serves as a sad reminder about just how much Reiner 's filmmaking skills have eroded in the past decade or so .
Jen , poor Jen ! Her unfriendly role requires her to act irritable and irritating for most of the footage .
For awhile , the movie gives off an unsettling vibe , as Sarah sort of flirts with a guy who may be her dad . This is eventually explained , but the film takes one more trip to Ickville before it ends .
-LSB- An -RSB- easygoing but surprisingly likable comedy .
You do n't yearn for The Graduate watching this picture -- you grieve for it , mourning the lost art of its wit , its comedic daring and , above all , its rebellious vision of the human heart .
An embarrassing romantic comedy .
Ask yourself : is it worth it to sit through a long , horribly told story to get to a nice , simple moral ?
Rob Reiner has done a great disservice to himself .
turns out to be neither fish nor fowl . It 's not funny or lighthearted enough to play as a romantic comedy and it 's too shallow to succeed as character-driven drama .
Rob Reiner pulls the gimmick off .
Watching and laughing at the film , you 'd never know it was such a troubled production . Here 's to you , Mr. Reiner .
an entertaining film that could use a few tweaks
A romantic comedy that misfires thanks to a storyline that is far too complicated .
Meathead has apparently forgotten how to shoot anything that is n't a medium-close-up . -LRB- These massive headshots might look awesome ... on an iPod . -RRB-
For a movie purportedly about the truth behind a movie , the mushy Rumor Has It ... feels astoundingly false .
... lightweight and easily disposable fare ...
Instead , she walks through the whole thing with a weepy hangdog look of morose longing that 's enough to gag a Mountain Lion with its schmaltzy ferocity .
Reiner is guilty of either mishandling his material on a grand scale or of not recognizing that the script starts with a dynamite idea but runs dry on page two .
True invention is crushed by Reiner 's steamroller direction , and his abilities to capture whatever it was that made Ted Griffin want to write a screenplay like this are lost to cinema heavens .
One of the very worst ideas for a movie since they decided to try to make a horror movie about rabbits .
Unimaginatively accompanied by Ennio Morricone 's spaghetti Western theme , MacLaine stalks out to confront Costner , and then , pfft . She 's not Anne Bancroft after all .
Tepid comedy -LSB- that -RSB- almost screams ` just wait for video . '
A bland sitcom posing as a star-studded feature film .
Lacks the sparkle that we once came to expect from Reiner .
Aniston is thoroughly appealing .
Jesus may love Mrs. Robinson more than she will know , but some filmmakers do n't seem to , based on their insistence on reviving her for the pallid and plodding Rumor Has It .
Complications ensue , but little else does .
... Aniston looks out of her league in this thoroughly disjointed film .
This is not a great movie , but it 's very watchable and has some good laughs .
Buried deep inside this misbegotten comedy is the glimmer of an idea .
A jarring amalgam of sitcom goofiness and uncomfortable ooginess .
The comedy Rumor Has It whispers at being something more than just a diversion , but it never delivers on that potential .
A bland , lackluster piece of instantly forgettable comic fluff .
Rumor Has It is glossy , pretty and utterly forgettable , just like -- except for that last part , evidently -- Aniston 's fabulous hair .
Rumor Has It does n't seem to realize who its most interesting character is and spend some time with her . Coo , coo , ca choo , Mrs. Robinson . Here 's to you .
Who comes up with this stuff ?
-LSB- The film -RSB- entails a less-than-shattering insight about love and marriage , of interest only in that it inadvertently reveals just how fearful and reactionary we 've grown about both since Benjamin and Elaine first got on that bus .
Aniston has n't had a great 2005 .
So pedestrian that it almost makes one regret Rob Reiner 's decision not to run for governor of California .
A sloppy comedy that ultimately goes nowhere .
A rhythm-less , laugh-less mess that mixes the big-screen Bewitched 's post-modern nonsense with shades of Spanking the Monkey 's interfamily attractions .
The film 's few high points are outweighed and outnumbered by sequences that do n't work and cast choices that should have been re-thought .
Rumor had it this was gon na be a stinker , and it is .
This is not a terrible movie . I 've certainly seen a lot worse this year . It just could have been so much better .
An easy comedy that will please some audiences but disappoint those who seek the cinematic road less traveled .
Rumor Has It is a lightweight comedy that only works thanks to a fantastic cast .
Contrived to the max and surprisingly unfunny , Rumor Has It is this year 's theatrical Christmas turkey .
An original and outrageously funny social satire that blurs illusion with reality , it 's helium-light fun for the holiday season .
While there are high points here and there , in general the film moves ploddingly , with individual scenes that do n't ` build , ' and an overall story that does n't , either .
These are shallow , vacuous people who have somewhere along the way confused narcissism with introspection , -LSB- and -RSB- we the audience are forced to watch them struggle across the vast wastelands of their titanic egos
This would have been a fairly fun movie had the focus been on the film 's most entertaining character , played by the inimitable Shirley MacLaine , rather than Jennifer Aniston and the rest of the gang .
It devolves into a bland romance spiced with too little comedy .
It 's really funny , true stuff .
The story 's a stretch , but there 's something intrinsically likeable about the characters in Rumor Has It , an improbable romantic comedy about life , love and getting laid
The movie never gets enough comic traction to take off into what it apparently wants to be : a personal odyssey of self-discovery mixed in with an examination of a genuine American movie classic .
Reiner seems to have lost his touch with comedy -- or any genre for that matter . Though Rumor is n't as bad as The Story of Us or Alex and Emma , it 's particularly disappointing since its premise -- a take on The Graduate -- seems potentially funny .
Even if it never quite jumps out of the tried-and-true mould , the sharp cast and clever script spice things up .











@highlight

This riff on The Graduate has a solid cast , but is too lightweight to fully register .