So what if the front story is a little contrived ?
Often praised -- and rightly so -- for its incredible visuals and nonstop stylishness . I have no problem with that , except that I 'm equally taken by its thematic implications .
I wonder if it 's unforgivable heresy to say The Cell is badly underestimated and due for revisionism while The Fall , despite its relative obscurity , is badly overestimated .
... a movie that not only expected me to pay attention , it assumed that I could .
The girl and the hospital patients and staff also turn up in his improvised adventure , extravagantly garbed by costume designer Eiko Ishioka .
Something like a Sir David Lean epic crossed with trippy offshoots of tall tales of Zorro , Ali Baba and Pecos Bill rolled into one , The Fall is a sun-kissed companion to Guillermo del Toro 's Pan 's Labyrinth . A brilliant follow-up from Tarsem Singh .
Tarsem has found a home for his endlessly unique visions , and -LRB- would n't you know ? -RRB- it 's beyond artifice and stealing toward art .
The story Roy tells is involving enough and so beautifully shot -LRB- see how many locations you can name -RRB- that it 's worth seeing for that alone .
One of the most beautiful things ever put on the big screen . On the other hand , the story is far too thin for adults , and far too dark for kids .
The film may look a treat in a static kind of way but the whole is a piece of turgid pictorialism that ends up unbearably dull .
It veers towards sentimentality at times but the leads ' terrific performances help ground this original and thoroughly enjoyable tale .
While nice to look at , it 's also a very tedious slice of magical realism lacking in tension , suspense and , indeed , magic .
Beguiling , befuddling , brilliant . It 's sure to divide audiences but , for all its ocular opulence and wild fantasy , at heart The Fall is a tender , touching tale about childhood , hope and the power of story .
But The Fall defies low expectations , proving the director can now partner his exquisite pictures with a ripping yarn .
The Fall is hugely ambitious , but ultimately it 's just an intriguing folly .
Does The Fall amount to anything more than a vast sugar-frosted folly ? I 'm not convinced it does , although its wanton extravagance is not without charm . Singh has money to burn and he builds a pretty bonfire .
The visuals that illustrate the fairytale fantasy are extraordinary . But the film has none of the menacing brilliance of Pan 's Labyrinth . The result is a triumph of style over talent .
A must-watch for lovers of the strange and unusual , this visually ravishing oddball drama has sequences of genuine beauty and charm - even if it wo n't be to everyone 's taste .
The pacing drags and the clichéd tussle between childhood innocence and adult disillusionment can only go one way . Better to experience it than think about it , fair to say .
Tarsem 's film is breathtakingly imaginative , but at times you 're left feeling like you 've eaten too many sweets .
Enjoyable , well acted and visually stunning fantasy drama that is sure to divide audiences but is unlike anything else you 'll see all year .
... plays like a fever dream of cinematic spectacle , offering a wide-screen parade of some of the most achingly beautiful and awe-inspiring cinematography ever to have been seen .
Equal part bedtime story and contemporary art museum installation , `` The Fall '' is unlike anything you 've ever seen .
The Fall dazzles with its stampede of set pieces but really scores with the tender , organic-seeming rapport between Pace and Untaru .
An elaborate and heavily symbolic feature-length fantasy sequence .
May not do much for its director 's resume , but it certainly must have filled out his passport .
... a one-of-a-kind movie about the power of storytelling .
As fantastic as the ` story ' sequences in The Fall are , we are grounded by the fact that characters we believe in have created them , and they have happened right there in front of our eyes .
Rarely does a film employ the frame so fully and serve up images of such breathtaking scale as in The Fall .
After four years of shooting and two years of sitting on the shelf , THE FALL is finally released . And it 's worth the wait !
It 's such an exotic , fanciful story , so loony and imaginative and outre ... that the crazier it gets , the more intrigued I am .
In a world of blockbusters and super-hero movies , one `` small '' film about five mystical heroes can be more satisfying than all of the others put together .
Once you 've been away from ` The Fall ' for 24 hours or so , you reflect on its sheer beauty .
The narrative is nothing more than a framework for scenes of unforgettable visual art . . it still comes across as the cinema 's best exploration of how stories are made in many a year .
It 's like a Terry Gilliam fantasy directed by Zhang Yimou and reimagined by a child ...
What seems to be a light fantasy tale about an adult spinning a yarn for a child transcends , and instead becomes a story that is itself primarily about storytelling .
The film wends its way into an interrogation of storytelling per se .
It 's visually sumptuous and intriguing but its lack of tonal consistency makes it often incoherent and emotionally inaccessible .
One of the most distinctive-looking films ever to play in a theater , a dark fantasy overflowing with mesmerizingly weird images at every turn .
An offbeat fairy tale for grownups that squeaks by on its visual panache and some major male eye candy .
It looks spectacular , but a book of The Fall photographs would be just as compelling as the movie .
Pace and Untaru generate an unforced chemistry that makes them pleasant company for a couple of hours , but they almost work against the movie 's need to establish narrative tension . They appear to be having such a good time that Roy 's self-destructive impu
An achingly beautiful movie and a triumph of location scouting , with more cosmopolitan spectacle than the past three Indiana Jones and James Bond movies combined .
Sometimes , looking good is n't enough .
It does n't make a bit of sense . And after a while , even pretty images become boring when there 's nobody in them we care about .
That 's the trouble with candy , the eye kind or the tooth-decaying variety . It 's only after you 've made a glutton of yourself that you realize you have n't devoured anything particularly filling .
There 's no doubt that Tarsem 's a visionary director . Now he needs to envision a worthwhile script for himself .
The Fall is a technically dazzling film that instantly gratifies the eye , but falls short of appeasing the head or the heart with its visual excesses .
Singh 's aesthetic is like a pungent flavor or a fragrance that lingers in the film 's Escher-like folds , overwhelming logical narrative and emotional clarity .
This is a stunning coffee-table book , but it 's not really a movie .
A bewitching movie , rich in ideas and humanity , and it reminds us that fiction is real to the one who imagines it . Adults might read with detachment , but kids know the truth : It matters who lives and who dies in a story . It matters for them , and for us .
The Fall may indeed stumble at times , and it 's certainly hard to categorize . But it 's also exhilarating in reach and vision while admirable in execution . If only more films aspired to such wonder .
Gorgeous , inert and dull .
Tarsem 's The Fall is a mad folly , an extravagant visual orgy , a free-fall from reality into uncharted realms . Surely it is one of the wildest indulgences a director has ever granted himself .
With unbelievable and unsympathetic characters , all that 's left in The Fall is the visuals .
There 's a decent little movie lurking somewhere deep inside this visual panoply that positively chokes on its own symbolism .
Dazzling and delirious , The Fall is a celebration of cinema , of old-fashioned storytelling and globe-hopping spectacle .
If Singh had only lavished a sliver of his attention to the simple matter of creating an engaging tale to service these visions , he might have created the truly amazing work that hhe seems capable of delivering instead of the gorgeous mess he has given us
A rather messy mix of fantasy , goofy humor and visually arresting , sometimes distracting costume and set designs .
Some filmmakers can imagine everything and select nothing , and while it 's clear as a bell Tarsem has more talent than almost any 10 directors put together , in The Fall he 's basically showing off with every new wondrous image .
Repetitive and really pretentious , but anyone with a taste for visual splendor wo n't complain .
Like listening to a little kid tell a story : sometimes intriguingly bizarre and surprisingly clever , but mostly just futile and frustrating .
One watches the movie greedily wanting more , eager to see what the director has up his sleeve next , anxious to experience each of the plot 's subtly exciting nuances .
... deserves three-and-a-half stars for its dazzling opening sequence alone .
Tarsem filmed his epic adventure in well over a dozen countries , generating plenty of Frequent Flyer Miles for himself but offering nothing to audiences hoping for more than just visual extravagance .
A fairy-tale that 's fractured in ways that seem perversely calculated to alienate us even as it tries to draw us in ... a cinematic pratfall .
If Matthew Barney and Alejandro Jodorowsky were in change of filming a Gay Pride parade , it would be similar to what Fall has to offer visually ... As a living , breathing creation , it 's dead on arrival .
-LSB- A -RSB- thoroughly unique experience , one that is wildly cinematic in that it never lets you forget you 're watching a movie , and yet one that is so enrapturing that you get lost in it ...
the ever-shifting tall-tale narrative keeps The Fall dreamlike , rather than , say , Gatoradesque .
The best movie of the year so far by a wide mile .
It really adds up to a whole lot of nothing .
-LSB- Despite some narrative problems -RSB- , the visuals hold us rapt , as does Untaru 's amazingly natural performance .
Each and every of Tarsem 's visuals scratch onerously at the mind , heart , and cornea .
The Fall is aptly named not only because it pertains to a tragic descent but because viewers will feel as if they have plunged headlong into an alternate universe with this dazzling adult fairy tale .
-LSB- Tarsem -RSB- Singh 's visual sense is stunning , but he 's also attuned to the darker corners of children 's imaginations .
This is a feast for the eyes and a famine for the brain .
For a film that wants to present itself as extravagantly dazzling , there is something thuddingly familiar and bland in its vision .
Some of the set pieces are ravishing , more often they 're ravishingly clunky .
This whacked-out fairy tale for grown-ups is as stunning in its beauty as it is in its lack of logic .
Shot piecemeal over the course of four years on locations in 18 countries , The Fall is a genuine labor of love -- and a real bore .
The scope of Tarsem 's imagination and vision and the delightful pairing of Pace and Untaru creates an eclectic fantasy tale unlike anything we 've since The Adventures of Baron Munchausen .
A paean to the art of storytelling as it existed before mass-produced visual media replaced the spoken word as the primary creative medium .
My initial cynicism was steadily broken down , completely undone by a five-year-old Romanian actress named Catinca Untaru .
... like two hours of high-end perfume commercials .
The Fall is wholly beguiling , an utterly transportive piece of filmmaking as dazzling in its visual audacity as it is in its spartan simplicity .
It 's rare to see such an unfiltered personal vision become a blindingly beautiful reality . The Fall is a true work of art and one of the most beautiful films I 've ever seen .
It 's the most glorious , wonderful mess put onscreen since Terry Gilliam 's Brazil .
The wackiness of this elaborate , not entirely tongue-in-cheek film , makes for wonder-filled moviegoing .
Gorgeous as it is , the film would be little more than a beautifully pointless exercise in style without the intensely believable performances .
The Fall remains remote and unengaging .
The Fall is meant to celebrate the restorative power of imagination , but it leaves viewers burdened with a sense of despair and impending doom .
If the human details are often problematic , the IMAX-grade bombast , ceremonial camera , and Jodorowsky-esque eclecticism still combine for a singular spectacle .
Shunning logic and compassion , The Fall is a bedtime story impeccably designed to flatter its own maker .
Visually sumptuous but marred by a fragmented tale .
... plagued by unreasonably amateurish performances and lackluster scripting .
This convoluted , arbitrary , overlong whimsy will strike most grown-ups as childish , and is far too violent and pretentious for kids .
Might be the most visually arresting film you 'll ever see in your life .
Tarsem and his screenwriting collaborators are n't able to come up with enough interesting justifications for their sudden shifts , and soon the shape-shifting yarn just feels like lazy storytelling .








@highlight

More visually elaborate than the fragmented story can sometimes support , The Fall walks the line between labor of love and filmmaker self-indulgence .