Like Karate Kid -- without the karate .
... surprisingly inventive ...
The film 's tone is indeed mystically propelled , but while these elements seem far fetched , the sheer depth of commitment by the cast make us overlook that .
This is an average movie that 's chock-full of New-Age-y self help . And not much else .
claims to be ` inspired by true events ' ; the movie does not , however , specify the planet on which these events allegedly took place . ... a perfect companion piece to last year 's dim-witted ` Stick It ' ...
Warrior is a good-looking film that feels more like an allegory about the power of positive thinking than a drama .
-LSB- A -RSB- watchable exercise in Zen hokum .
You will not learn how to levitate to the roof of a service station . In fact , the answer to that part of the story is a lemon -- but you knew it would be , did n't you ?
The message is good , even if the delivery is repetitive , ham-handed and ... equal parts disturbing and amusing .
Only in filmmaker Victor Salva 's world are impossibly chiseled , Abercrombie-ready gymnasts worshipped by their peers on college campuses and in adjoining dive bars .
Works overtime to inspire audiences , but relies way too much on pop-mysticism and half-baked artifice to make its point stick .
Maybe there are worthy films buried in collections of spiritual homilies , but Peaceful Warrior is not one of them .
Admittedly , I suspected it might be kind of cheesy , but the film is directed with great grace and care . And the acting is solid . It 's a beautiful film -- see it .
Do n't go see Peaceful Warrior . Do n't tell your friends about it . Try to forget you ever heard of the movie . Clear your mind and live in the now .
A movie about spiritual awakening that plays like a spliced-together string of New Age fortune cookie messages .
The kind of metaphysical nonsense that gives New Age a bad name .
Peaceful Warrior is an inspirational story of the making of a true athlete . It 's a bit hokey but you get by that whenever -LSB- Nick -RSB- Nolte is on the screen .
Starting with the title and extending everywhere else , Peaceful Warrior is blatantly ludicrous .
It 's the director 's willingness to toughen conventions through personal idiosyncrasies that sets the film apart .
Parts of this are visually stunning , but for the most part , it 's the standard new age pap .
You 're in the moment all right , experiencing every passing minute ticking off in slow motion until the blasted thing comes to a merciful end .
Full of cheap fortune-cookie wisdom and noodly inspirational advice .
With all this inspiration going on , why is the movie so dismal ?
For a story that is supposed to be about gymnastics and Eastern philosophy , The Peaceful Warrior is as riddled with homo-eroticism as Robert Smigel 's ` Ambiguously Gay Duo ' cartoons on Saturday Night Live .
It has deep things to say and a hilariously ponderous way of saying them .
The material is so aggressively stupid and ill-considered that only the laughable ` based on true events ' title card can explain its successful journey to the big screen .
All this stuff is probably right . It 's just that the director , Victor Salva , underscores his points with thunderous obviousness and manipulates us through ham-handed plot gambits .
In a Hollywood of leading boy-men , Nolte 's commanding performance is a throwback to a time when movie virility was n't an anomaly .
Your typical sports drama , with an extra dose of inspirational sap . Plus a lot of ripped , hairless ephebe flesh . Victor Salva strikes again !
The only thing that works in Peaceful Warrior is the compellingly oddball performance by Nick Nolte .
It 's an odd , puzzling film .
... a powerful tale of enlightenment and redemption that conveys emotional uplift even if it 's unlikely to win many spiritual converts .
The story arc of Peaceful Warrior is so familiar that in addition to being inspired by fact , it is inspired by at least two-thirds of all the sports movies ever made .
As a gymnastic movie , it almost works -LRB- think of it like a decent routine that 's flawed by a hop on the landing -RRB- .
Dan 's transformation hits the kinds of snags that might occur in real life but spell doom for narrative momentum .
A screwy mash-up of The Karate Kid , The Celestine Prophecy and an Abercrombie & Fitch catalog .
A collection of New Age platitudes beyond their expiration date , the sort of thing that might seem profound if your library does n't extend much beyond zodiac love guides and Jonathan Livingston Seagull .
Peaceful Warrior , which is basically The Karate Kid with a bigger kid and a bigger mentor , represents a journey of predictability , rather than a destination worth the trouble .
Even actual therapy would n't be this monotonous .
Ever elusive , it always keeps you off balance enough to make you want to see more .
The What The Bleep Do We Know ? crowd may well receive the film 's wisdom like communion , but the rest of us are free to gag when Salva tries to jam it down our throats .
I found some enjoyment by watching it as though it were an updated , Americanized version of some 1980 Hong Kong movie about training at the Shaolin Temple ... which it pretty much is , come to think of it .
The soundtrack here is piercingly awful , the gymnastics routines hold little suspense , and after a while I just wanted Socrates to give it a rest .
Jeepers creepers , Victor Salva is at it again . His new film is ostensibly inspired by true events , but whose events exactly ?
It is hard to overlook how tired and tiresome the movie is .
while the movie may not be exactly good , it 's never boring .
You might be better off reading the book and imagining -LSB- Nick -RSB- Nolte as Socrates .
This ` wake up and smell the roses ' philosophy is sweet , but in Warrior , it comes across as trite and manipulative .
The filmmakers ca n't be faulted for trying ; it 's a decent effort , but nevertheless misses out in both the mind and body categories , and rather overdoes the spirit .
Based on the story by gymnast Dan Millman , the movie tries to be inspirational and profound , but much of the dialogue sounds like it came out of a fortune cookie .
A gift-box filming of former gymnastics star Dan Millman 's uplift book , Peaceful Warrior stars appealing Scott Mechlowicz -LRB- like a more ripped Tony Perkins -RRB- as Millman , finding his way to glory after a drastic injury .
The fortune-cookie pronouncements are nothing you have n't heard a hundred times before , and Nolte -- with all his baggage as a wild-child celebrity -- is just not a bit credible as the Yoda figure .
A textbook example of how not to visualize spiritual principles of the ` be here now ' variety .
The film is better than it has any right to be , considering the prosaic source .
Peaceful Warrior begins promisingly , with welcome doses of quirky humor holding the syrupy bathos at bay , yet it ultimately becomes just another average inspirational , sports-themed flick , albeit with an overlay of New Age philosophizing .
The sage-elder/wayward-charge saga Peaceful Warrior aims for inspirational highs but mostly feels like a self-help book read aloud by actors .
It may often seem like an extra-pretentious Karate Kid for grown-ups , but Warrior 's soul lessons go much deeper , to universally vital places .
ridiculously cheesy
If you 're looking for earnest wisdoms delivered with all the subtlety of a sledgehammer to the skull , look no further than the screen adaptation of Dan Millman 's self-help bestseller , The Way of the Peaceful Warrior .
Peaceful Warrior is meant to empower and enlighten . But it tries so hard , it 's more like inspiration overkill : 121 torturous minutes of long-winded lectures about living in the moment .
While speaking with Millman recently about Peaceful Warrior , the author confirmed that my Chicken Soup Theory had severely plagued the many versions of script .
Nick Nolte plays Yoda in overalls in Victor Salva 's ... slow-moving , overlong , absurdly self-important Peaceful Warrior .
The sometimes dreamy pace of Peaceful Warrior is offset by good rapport among Nolte , co-star Scott Mechlowicz and an engaging ensemble cast .
This woozily uplifting saga is big on homilies and deficient in just about everything else .
By turns a riveting study of the world of competitive gymnastics , a parable for an alternative vision for today 's society , and a study in the psychology of mentoring , ` Peaceful Warrior ' is a satisfying movie-going experience , with or without ` the message .
You 'd have to be either an avid New Ager or willing to see Nick Nolte in absolutely anything to get fully onboard for this visually overexcited tale of salvation-by-gas-station-guru .
-LSB- A -RSB- self-congratulatory self-help seminar , which plays as high comedy , thanks to Nolte 's slurry sensei .
A rousing drama about an egocentric and restless young gymnast 's spiritual transformation .
Strong performances by Scott Mechlowicz as Millman and Nick Nolte as the mysterious mechanic who changes his life ground the film in effective drama .
So under the spell of the be-here-now philosophy of Dan Millman 's New Age-y memoir from which it was drawn that it loses sight of the need to credibly dramatize the ideas .




@highlight

Based on a best-selling memoir , Peaceful Warrior loses something in the transition from page to screen . It hits the viewer over the head with philosophical jargon , and ultimately fails to live up to its source material .