The relationship between two historic literary figures has rarely been so fiercely drawn as it is in Martin Provost 's French drama .
... this handsome biographical drama takes on a revered but troubled French artist who came out of poverty and neglect and rose to fame . Violette , however , is more about her mother issues , her anxieties over money ...
She -LSB- Emmanuelle Devos -RSB- gives a tremendous performance , somehow managing to turn an emotion as ugly as self-loathing into something beautiful to behold .
Emmanuelle Devos stars as volatile feminist writer Violette Leduc in Martin Provost 's epic biopic , with Sandrine Kiberlain as her unrequited literary love , Simone de Beauvoir .
Whilst requiring an investment of audience , it is full on without being emotionally draining and is a remarkable character study of a woman coming to terms with herself .
-LSB- Leduc -RSB- remains a small and rather irritating sideshow to the more powerful St Germain crowd , and the focus on her life is surprisingly dull .
The film is not just a passing parade of famous names but a journey through Leduc 's struggles to overcome a tragic childhood , a domineering mother and a world that was unprepared for her candour and intense , confessional style of writing .
It 's Devos 's outstanding performance that ensures this compels as both cultural history and human drama .
Martin Provost ambitiously expands his tale across decades to give us a substantial look into a changing society through the eyes of one , influential protagonist .
For all the chaos and pain , it is weirdly romantic : a glorious tale of wish-fulfilment , confirming that writers really can attain self-validation through the pen .
A beautiful true-life character study that does elegant justice to a largely unheralded writer .
A deeply satisfying combination of fascinating subject , ace performers and refined directorial sensibility .
The movie really captures the often lonely , torturous existence of the true artist-a huge feat in itself .
The focus on wordsmith over words is spectacularly well-served by Devos , whose volcanic expression of inner frustration will put you off writing forever .
Rarely is a female friendship granted such deep and delicious complexity onscreen .
`` Violette '' demonstrates how suffering produces great art , and that the artist is n't the only one who suffers for it .
Provost would have done well to depict a little less of Leduc 's personal drama and faults , and a little more of the lasting impact she had on the literary world .
It 's a perfect approach to Leduc , whose work is so grounded in the messy , fleshy realities of life , it scandalized critics with its frank treatment of taboo subjects such as lesbianism and incest .
A literate , leisurely and lovely telling of one woman 's attempt to find what Virginia Woolf famously called `` a room of one 's own . ''
An exquisite character study for the literary-minded .
A chilly but not uninteresting biography of the tortured , bisexual writer Violette Leduc , played by a fully committed Emmanuelle Devos .
Throughout , Devos manages to capture the passion that made Leduc so difficult to deal with at times , but which also compelled her to put her unvarnished thoughts and experiences down on the page .
So compelling , even thrilling , in its frank depictions of female sexual voracity , professional egotism and twisted variants on the Electra complex that it 's easy to overlook -LSB- its -RSB- shaggy , uneven plotting .
Movies about the literary process can prove problematic . The act of writing is a solitary one . Yet `` Violette '' mostly avoids the pitfalls associated with movies about writers by limiting the scenes of Violette scribbling furiously in a notebook .
Yes , her capacity for such deeply wretched feelings is necessary to her art ; the film succeeds at convincing us of that . But it does n't inspire a lot of sympathy for a woman who is so clearly the author of her own misery .
A strong account of a literary friendship , a case of two opposites attracting , even if the nature of the attraction was different on each side .
While pacing is sometimes an issue , the emotional textures of the effort are stunning , with Devos digging into the abyssal feeling of dissatisfaction that forced the writer to gut herself to ultimately find peace .
Few films have conveyed with such understanding about how a creative soul taps into all that interior turmoil and then somehow shape these thoughts into artful prose that can scald and heal .
Unevenness is Leduc 's between sophistication and naiveté , yet this is a candid tribute to how her and Beauvoir 's idiosyncratic partnership promulgated a frank literature .
Frank , harsh , emotionally harrowing and , much like its subject , difficult .
Provost is attracted to `` outsider '' women whose lives are indistinguishable from their art .
Violette 's hold on life can be terrifying , at times ugly , but what she finally makes of that life is beautiful .
Unfortunately , Provost mostly avoids Leduc 's substantial literary contribution in favor of depicting her life solely through her friends and mentors , and her mother Berthe with whom she had a dysfunctional relationship .
A biopic in fragments , Martin Provost 's Violette often feels like a manuscript with every other page torn out
Everything Leduc does in the film , apart from write , makes her look like a walking nightmare , though her awful behavior is clearly meant to be justified by her artistry .
Leduc is an author worth knowing about , but this is a character only an already-established fan could love .
It 's a movie about coming to peace with solitude , leagues beyond most biopics .
A triumphant biopicture about an immensely creative bisexual woman who has been called France 's greatest unknown writer .
Provost 's film , like its heroine , is full of active , sparking nerves .
Though it has a rough start , this is a beautifully crafted and performed period drama .
The trailblazing feminist writer Violette Leduc gets a biopic fully worthy of her complex life and work .
The great accomplishment of Violette is its sober presentation of Leduc 's frequently intractable nature , unruliness that the film honors without sentimentalizing or solemnizing it .
By focusing on the tumultuous friendship between Violette LeDuc and Simone de Beauvoir , Martin Provost creates not so much a dichotomy of femininity as a funhouse mirror of it .
Not since Jane Campion 's `` Angel at My Table '' has there been such a moving and meticulously crafted period biopic about a tortured feminist writer who deserves wider recognition .
Biopics are too often lifeless affairs , weighed down by historical plot points and never really finding their own narrative groove . Not so for Martin Provost 's enthralling Violette .

@highlight

Led by an outstanding performance from Emmanuelle Devos , Violette is a rewarding , bracingly honest look at social mores and the literary life .