... almost two and a half hours in which -LSB- Julia Roberts -RSB- displays her charisma ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
With 6 million readers of Elizabeth Gilbert 's memoir , clearly , the movie has big shoes to fill . It may not succeed , but Julia Roberts and the film 's designers give us a lot to enjoy .
An engaging but deliberate chick flick at times , Eat , Pray , Love has the quintessential chick flick star at the helm with Roberts , who played the role beautifully ...
The unexamined privilege , the idealization/exotification of all places east , the canned spirituality , the sensual goddamn spaghetti-it 's all so focus-group-tested and Oprah approved and self-perpetuating and embarrassing .
Let 's face it . There are some books that should never be made into movies .
This gentle , meditative , well-told tale has a lot to offer .
Eat Pray Love is overlong and quickly becomes tedious . It features narcissistic , inward looking characters of no interest at all and amounts to a very poorly made film .
Liz maybe the most unlikeable character Julia Roberts has ever had to play , not because co-writer/director Ryan Murphy is trying to make her so but because everything the film does pushes her in that direction .
A seemingly interminable romantic travelogue that feels as though it takes as long to watch as the year-long spiritual quest it depicts .
The film version is pure wish-fulfillment fantasy .
Julia 's late career seems an apologia for buying someone else 's husband and getting away with it , for the most part , in the court of public opinion .
During the India scenes , Liz accuses Richard from Texas of spouting a bunch of bumper-sticker slogans ... as though her revelations are any better .
-LSB- Takes -RSB- itself too seriously , even while it contains all the trappings of one of the most lighthearted movie genres , the ` travel romance ' or ` travel therapy ' movie .
full review at Movies for the Masses
El mayor problema es el subrayado permanente de lo que suele llamarse `` mensaje '' , eso que supuestamente el espectador debe descubrir en el transcurso de una película y llevarse al final para su casa y que aquí está servido como receta .
Merely good and not great as many fans of the book hoped it would be .
Eat Pray Love is a two hour and fifteen minute ad for being rich ; it 's a smug , patronising travelogue that -- despite its already apt title -- could have also been called First World Problems : The Movie .
On the surface a beautiful film . But those looking for some hidden spiritual meaning be warned - Eat Pray Love does n't go that deep .
It 's as though the `` phenomenon '' of Eat Pray Love got away on itself and , rather than casting a self-deprecating , unknown actress who could embody 30-something middle-class angst , they chose the biggest , richest movie star of the lot .
Eat Pray Love ... -LSB- hits -RSB- its target demographic right between the eyes , but in the same way that a self-help book may appeal to thousands , it will never be great literature .
Narcissistic nonsense , styled within an inch of its life in the manner of food , fashion and travel magazines .
The fatal flaw of Eat Pray Love is that for a celebration of enlightenment through travel and the benefits of restorative calm , the end result is so hollow and artificial . Do n't mistake entitlement for enlightenment .
A tiresome , humourless , lifeless , overlong dirge in which the lofty pretention to say something deep about the quest for self and the female condition all gets blown away by an insipid , off-the-shelf romantic-movie ending .
The chemistry shared by Roberts and Bardem is alert , alive and alluring : everything the rest of Eat Pray Love should have been , but shied away from .
The director , Ryan Murphy , brings only the most obvious sentiments to the borderline intolerable proceedings .
There?s too much eating , too much praying and too much loving . I should have known given the title .
Basically a picaresque rom-com about a girl who needs to feel OK about having everything she could ever want .
It is a perfectly competently constructed movie , and an enjoyable one too .
Give me real emotions of guilt , embarrassment and confusion any day over the forgettable trite this film exudes .
While undeniably a chick flick , this is a classy one bolstered by an all-round excellent cast and well crafted script .
Of course , we should remember that the film delivers exactly what it promises by way of the ultimate romantic fantasy for women over 30 or so -LRB- divorced or not -RRB-
While it touches the main plot points of Elizabeth Gilbert 's bestselling novel like stepping stones , it is left to Julia Roberts ' bewitching smile and Javier Bardem 's sensuality to convince us that Liz 's journey of self discovery is one we want to take
Preaching to the converted , fans of the book should be sated . Julia Roberts is easy to love .
Eat lots of popcorn to distract you , pray for it to end , and love Richard Jenkins . Amen .
It 's in equal measure patronising , sententious and obnoxious .
A sparkier and more soul-searching script would have made this a much more satisfying journey .
An insipid slice of take-charge-of-your-life hokum ...
A film titled Eat Pray Love should at least capture a spiritual experience and offer romance with some sizzle . This felt more like Eat Grieve Befriend .
On and on it goes , 140 minutes of tranquillising non-drama . Is there anything to wonder at in its journey to the centre of an ego ?
Roberts is luminous against breathtaking locations including all of Rome 's landmarks and colourful , sun-nourished eastern landscapes .
A movie of picture postcard landscapes and ridiculously hunky blokes , this is very much cinematic comfort food where the answers to life 's problems come a little too neatly gift-wrapped .
In the end , the film is far less affecting or thought-provoking than the book .
Sit , watch , groan . Yawn , fidget , stretch . Eat Snickers , pray for end of dire film about Julia Roberts 's emotional growth , love the fact it ca n't last for ever . Wince , daydream , frown .
What 's the worst foreign journey you 've ever experienced ? Mine is this movie .
Roberts ' character is difficult to feel sorry for before she sets off on this postcardperfect self-healing binge . She becomes near impossible to like as it becomes apparent we 're watching a huge holiday video .
The cast is spectacular : Roberts looks relaxed , luminous and credible , Javier Bardem is suitably rugged as her new lover , while Richard Jenkins is brilliant as her grumbling prayer pal .
An intriguing story brimming with possibilities is softened beyond all meaning by this glossy Hollywood production .
A beautiful , languid travelogue , although with some of the source novel 's empowerment diluted .
The movie is aware of its own riches ; it fills up your plate and dares you not to eat .
If you like Roberts and understand what it means to `` smile with your liver '' , this is the film for you .
Roberts ' gorgeousness is served up sacrificially to 140 minutes of psychobabbling `` insights '' , many of them trite or questionable , all of them wearisome .
Avoid Like Plague .
Eat Pray Love has some decent performances and the occasional good moment but it 's ultimately let down by a tedious , self-satisfied script , a shocking lack of humour and a criminally indulgent running time .
I admired Julia Roberts ' grasping for something meatier , but this film sticks her with an unrelatable character that even her coltish smile ca n't beautify .
A drive-through take on mid-life spirituality - with lots of food and travel porn
We 're not so much involved in the movie as idly registering it -- eavesdropping , almost , on a conversation at an adjoining table .
Enough compelling moments to make one want to grab the book and fill in the blanks that the movie 's script seems to have left out .
Eat , Pray , Love was more like eat , pray for it to end , gag . Sample from its menu at your own risk .
Though many movies have explored Eastern culture and juxtaposed it against the American experience , there still is something to learn here , especially because it repeatedly questions what 's important in life .
It does focus on spirituality , a vital part of most human beings which nevertheless is absent in most films .
... is -LSB- Elizabeth -RSB- Gilbert really the selfish , shallow , immature narcissist we see here ?
You have got to be kidding me .
Go Pay Suffer
The absolute best I can say about this movie is that I did n't hate it , I did n't mind watching it and I see no reason to ever watch it again .
... a self-indulgent , annoying and mostly boring movie .
little more than a self-indulgent wallow in white upper-class privilege feigning depth by cloaking itself in fortune cookie wisdom
What 's inevitably lost is any real attempt to track Liz 's internal shifts , the way her travels jostle her preconceived notions of selfhood and spirituality .
As summer draws to a close , Eat Pray Love is a pleasurable , sometimes even prayerful , escape .
Despite splendid scenery and an appealing Julia Roberts , the film of Elizabeth Gilbert 's best-seller about her year-long spiritual quest fails to capture the humor and uplift of the book .
Fans of the memoir might enjoy this film ; others will be checking their watches more than once .
I saw it . I did n't feel it . Look , I 'm happy for Julia Roberts to travel the world . I just never felt connected to the journey of Liz .
The audience may find itself wondering how it is that Liz manages to find so many places around the world that can maintain her carefully highlighted hair rather than contemplating the spiritual journey
Try not to hoot when the gaunt Roberts makes a bring-on-the-flab speech to persuade the equally slender Tuva Novotny to eat pizza , even if they get `` muffin tops . ''
A nice leisurely pace .
About the best you can expect from a 21st Century Cinderella with a book deal who had probably already optioned the rights to turn her story into a Hollywood bio-pic .
The result is n't spiritual awakening , but a talky travelogue - like riding a tour bus with a passenger who wo n't shut up about her inner journey .
Two and a half hours of staring at your navel , or so it felt . I love Julia Roberts but this movie made you want to scream at the screen , ` Snap out of it ! '
Julia Roberts continues to be one of our finest actresses , and she makes this film less tedious than it could have been .
In a summer dominated -LRB- as always -RRB- by male-skewering titles , this is a richly rewarding experience for discerning grownups who would n't be caught dead seeing Grown Ups .
It 's a shame the actors have to spoil cinematographer Robert Richardson 's artistry by reciting the drivel that passes for dialog .
Rodney -LSB- Dangerfield -RSB- may have cracked about `` praying after you eat , '' but this film reflects the need to surfeit before finding balance .
Let the cynics scoff - this is a movie that 's beautiful to look at that will leave you with some food for thought , as well .
The cast , led -LRB- by the nose -RRB- by Roberts , is pretty . The men are handsome and sensitive . The scenery is beautiful and the techs and production are first class . I still wish that Liz went back to Italy and had another pizza .
While Eat Pray Love has some enlightening , touching , visually breathtaking moments , you still end up praying it would end .
Eat , pray , love ? More like eat , pray , snooze .
Roberts is precisely the right actress to play this character : She adamantly refuses to be adorable -- she 'd rather just unleash that crazy , unladylike cackle .
If you 're in the mood for a Julia Roberts film that provides two hours of `` Calgon take me away '' , this is it .
If you 've ever been on a vacation that becomes an adventure of meeting interesting , vibrant people , `` Eat Pray Love '' will bring you back .
If only this movie could have stopped at `` Eat . ''
The movie left me with the feeling of being trapped with a person of privilege who wo n't stop with the whine whine whine .
Amounts to the McDonalds version of spirituality , but there is some -LRB- obvious -RRB- truth in the joy of travel and food , the need for a life of balance and reflection .
Do you always talk in bumper sticker ? Julia Roberts asks Richard Jenkins as they banter back and forth at an ashram in India . Yes , he does . And so does Eat Pray Love .
Exotic , escapist and superficially spiritual , it 's shallow , indulgent female wish-fulfillment , sailing off into the sunset .
Julia Roberts is back with her best role since `` Erin Brockovich '' ! Jenkins is amazing , with standout supporting work that deserves serious Oscar consideration . The pacing is solid despite a 133-minute run time & you get so caught up with the ...
A female adventure movie aimed almost exclusively at 30 or 40-something women who feel there must be more to life than the way they are currently living it .
`` Betray Devour Invade '' would have been a more appropriate title .
The movie , which was shot in chronological order in the countries Gilbert visited , is also visually striking , more reminiscent of a travelogue than a Hollywood blockbuster .
Eat Pray Love is ultimately charming and inspirational . Though it does n't have quite the impact of the book , it will likely leave you pondering your life choices and forgiving your flaws . It will certainly have you forgiving the few flaws in the film .
Mired in a milquetoast aesthetic obsessed with trendy `` healing '' tropes -LRB- meditation , close-ups on delicious looking pasta , hunky Javier Bardem etc. -RRB- .
It 's the Oprahfication of religion ... Liz 's time in India is spiritual tourism , as her time in Italy was culinary tourism ; it 's all a self-help consumerist approach to world cultures .
This is the rare `` chick flick '' that treats its demographic with respect , never becoming the sentimental or manipulative dreck that so many other filmmakers would have delivered from Elizabeth Gilbert 's bestselling memoirs .
Eat Pray Love is like an overstuffed lightweight suitcase , with little room for us to feel the emotional connections Liz makes with new friends along the way .
Hanging out with Julia Roberts being all glowy and charming -- even when she 's somewhat sad about whatever it is she 's sad about -- is still kind of pleasurable .
Eat Pray Love only superficially advocates independence and growth while serving up a steaming pile of pseudo-spiritual hyperbole .
This film is about a woman trying to move mountains to make herself happy , and the singular quest of every other character in the movie is to serve her in that quest .
An insane fantasy for rich people .
`` Eat Pray Love '' rests on Roberts ' talented shoulders . Her appeal and personality overcome most of the film 's defects , including a too-long running time , and some platitudes and words of wisdom that sound as if they were written by Hallmark .
It may come as a bit of a shock to some that the most interesting turns in the woman-on-a-quest sojourn do n't belong to Roberts , luminous though she is . Those are owned by a number of misty-eyed if masculine menfolk .
Goldilocks And The Three Boy Toys . While in search of the chick flick demographic , the misguided message is that hedonism is the new feminism . But Liz does learn a few things , like mastering the art of guilt-free eating and embracing your inner fatty .
Eat . Pray . Love . Barf ... A celebration of self-indulgence trying to pass itself off as profound soul-searching .
The movie is above all a lovely travelogue , plunging us viscerally into the middle of every country .
I stopped trusting the movie .
It 's all external trappings trying to express internal developments , and the movie 's hand-holding stridency just emphasizes the artificiality of its fantasy .
There 's something ridiculously and deeply sad about what Eat Pray Love reveals about the deprived lives American women lead .
Find-your-bliss film appeals but raises questions , too .
One wonders : Was the screenplay presented to Julia Roberts as a traditional bound manuscript , or as a catalog of bumper stickers ?
For two decades , Julia Roberts has been a bona fide movie star , and she shines in his gorgeous if overlong travelogue .
Eat Pray Love is a long marathon full of self pity and poor interaction .
Eat Pray Love presents Liz 's road to enlightenment in ways that are too reverent , too episodic , and too self-absorbed .
Rather than winning us over , this protagonist merely annoys . We edge close to AA territory as a friend tells her to `` do the work ! '' He also exhorts her to forgive herself . For what ? Boring us to death ?
It 's a thin line between `` self-aware '' and `` self-involved '' and it 's one the movie treads uncertainly .
Despite its flaws , an intelligent , beautiful-looking film about the power of one person to radically change the life of another is an unexpected treat in a season of mindless entertainment .
A hornet 's nest of irrational behavior , wrapped up snugly in a smug , shallow , and diseased feature film that does a masterful job brainlessly wiggling around for an interminable amount of screentime .
The film 's most crucial constituency -- the book 's rabid fans -- are likely to feel well served by Murphy 's adaptation , which hews pretty faithfully to Gilbert 's story .
Easy to swallow if hard to digest , at 2:20 . It 's like sitting in a warm bath - except that you run out of hot water a long time before you 're allowed to get out of the tub
A vacuous attempt at chick flick epiphany . For all its postcard prettiness , Eat Pray Love 's purported life lessons are so self-absorbed , had our shallow heroine been a man , we 'd be booing his caddish behaviour .
Even if you buy Roberts as an introspective writer -LRB- I did n't -RRB- , there 's no real sense of an emotional journey here .
You know exactly what you are going to get , kinda like comfort food for your movie going soul .
Comes off more like a female midlife crisis fantasy than a substantive search for knowledge and inner peace .
Eat Pray Love is the cure for insomnia . The film is boring and a gigantic advertisement for The Travel Channel , Food Network and Lifetime .
It 's about something important , the search for meaning and happiness , about finding one 's inner life amid the clutter and confusion of modern existence .
... an irritating , smug film about a horrible person , a narcissistic destroyer of worlds so caught up in romancing her impossibly sensitive self that she does n't even notice the needless damage she inflicts on her fellow creatures .
Eat Pray Love is mostly a slog ; never giving us a compelling reason why its heroine does what she does , or how she became quite so tiresomely self - absorbed .
I 've got a fourth verb to add to the comma-challenged title of Julia Roberts ' how-to-be-happy travelogue , Eat Pray Love . How about `` edit '' ?
Most of what made the book connect with so many is entirely missing here .
Liz figures she needs to spend some time with no one but herself . Speaking as one who has spent 140 minutes with her , I would advise against that .
Was something lost in translation or was the source material not as strong as book sales would have us believe ?
Overlong , repetitive , too simplistic , and bland despite oodles of breathtaking scenery . It 's like a healthy dish that looks aesthetically pleasing , but lacks flavor and needs a more talented chef .
At the end of the two and a half hours we get to the same point of all the other stereotypical chick flicks . This is an overly intellectual version of any other Jennifer Lopez or Kate Hudson romantic comedy .
The film , which admittedly stumbles in the home stretch and just misses out on something like greatness , is nonetheless a visual and metaphysical delight . Come hungry , come searching , come lonely .
-LSB- These -RSB- are not the teachings one would find for oneself but things out of a self-help book . They feel planned .
In short , it probably should have been titled ` Eat Pray Love Sleep ' as it becomes increasingly difficult to fight off the latter while watching it . -LRB- Parental Review also Available -RRB-
It 's hard to call this a bad movie as it is wonderfully and beautifully shot and directed , but its failure to grasp any meaning in its end and its steady decent into boredom make it a failure as a movie overall .
I found the woman to be selfish , narcissistic and by the time everything was over I did n't actually believe she learned anything new about herself at all .
Eat Pray Love lies across the screen like a patient on life support whose ticker is about to tick its last tock .
A minor and superficial summer diversion that offers female viewers not much more than a two-hour escape fantasy .
Roberts has taken a role that could have been played very stereotypically -LRB- lonely divorcee ' searches for love and the secret of life -RRB- and breathes life into it .
Awesome photography but possessing more schmaltz than herring shoppers will find at Zabar 's on a Sunday shopping spree .
There were plenty of ways for the film to signify Liz welcoming love back into her life without the trite conclusion that has been conceived here , and it is the one drawback to an otherwise pretty fantastic picture .
Glibly portrays selfishness as a life choice , ranking gluttony on a par with finding God and a life partner .
It helps that Roberts rides all the turbulent waves with such ease and such grace , that Jenkins knows exactly what to do with his internal churn , and that Bardem can do no wrong .
An ambitious but confused and frustrating film that circles near catharsis , occasionally brushing its hem , but that 's about as close as it ever gets .
Supply acted and engrossing .
The book 's internal dialogue , that of a good observer with a lively mind , has turned into the extravagantly external and cloyingly earnest quest of a woman in deep distress .
-LSB- Roberts -RSB- has a down-to-earth , Everywoman quality that adds to the film 's `` you go , girl '' mojo .
Lives are messy . A little mess in the movie would n't have hurt at all .
Most of its supposed observations sound more like touchy-feely mumbo-jumbo than honest , useful information and advice .
This is a movie about a self-obsessed woman who seems to learn that the wisdom of the ancients is that she should be even more self-obsessed .
You know your movie 's in trouble when its star is outshined by a bowl of spaghetti .
An effective and frequently satisfying indulgence , but not nearly as much as the book was .
Ryan Murphy brings Elizabeth Gilbert 's best-selling self-realization memoir to the big screen as a glossy , Julia Roberts starring travelogue that gives more insight into where to get a great pizza than the benefits of striving for enlightenment .
Let us not underestimate the contribution of our lead . Roberts plays down the glamour and turns up the soulfulness , and her off-the-charts likability makes her winning and watchable , even when Liz is at her whiny wimpiest .
Roberts is the obvious focus here , but she 's enough of a pro to get out of the way and let a scene be stolen .
vibrant editing , an intelligible screenplay , and a magnetic performance by Julia Roberts keep Eat , Pray from dipping too far into self-indulgence .
Its span may be global , but its scope is modest , and it accepts a certain superficiality as the price of useful insight .
The film knows the aesthetic of enlightenment , the filmmakers demonstrate adoration for their subject , but whether or not the film grasps the principle further is very arguable .
The film version 's biggest challenge ? The road to self-discovery is littered with clichés .
Only hard-core fans of Oprah 's BFF will be able to stomach this navel-gazing tripe , which posits `` me-first '' consumerism as the road to happiness .
Watching the relationship between Liz and Felipe evolve from a comforting friendship to a love that 's both companionable and sexy is gratifying .
A well-meant , if not exactly transcendent , adaptation of Elizabeth Gilbert 's beloved , Oprah-endorsed memoir .
Eat Pray Love will be an intense spiritual experience for many who see it - they will end up on their knees , praying for its merciful end .
An overlong bore that either mistakenly thinks it 's something more than a humdrum romance or has incorporated a variety of pretentions as window-dressing .
Politics and economics hardly exist ; each place is populated chiefly by wise exotics who talk funny -LRB- including Richard Jenkins ' Texan in the ashram -RRB- and exist solely to spout slogans and tell stories that make Liz 's problems seem small .
A sensuous and emotionally cathartic adaptation of Elizabeth Gilbert 's spiritual journey to personal transformation and love .
Mostly it 's the pleasant company of Julia Roberts that makes Eat Pray Love a benign , sometimes soporific slide into femme fantasy -- a less vulgar shopping trip than Sex and the City 2 .
Goldilocks And The Three Boy Toys . While in search of the chick flick demographic , the misguided message is that hedonism is the new feminism . But Liz does learn a few things , like mastering the art of guilt-free eating and embracing your inner fatty .
Like a 2 1/2 hour infomercial about sharing your feelings that replaces any true emotions with some of the most ridiculous and useless spiritual rhetoric you 're ever likely to hear .
A surprisingly joyless , almost-2-hour fable about finding your joy and starring Julia Roberts , whose innumerable voice-overs become increasingly grating and unwelcome , the film , directed by Ryan Murphy , is inert .
At the moment , the only person eating more delectably in Italy is Tilda Swinton in I Am Love .
Though there are a handful of funny lines , the deeper observations are facile . The whole journey feels like a rich girl gone slumming .
Elizabeth Gilbert 's phenomenally popular memoir was funny , insightful , and well-written . Amazingly , so is the film .
The superficial Eat Pray Love wants to chronicle a person 's rejuvenation through revelatory life experience , but it feels like tapas for the soul .
The film is a fairly faithful transcription of events , even though Liz , as played by Roberts , carries a faint air of entitlement . I 'm not sure this could be avoided on screen .
You can see how it would be fun to spend a year traveling with Gilbert . A lot more fun than spending nearly 2.5 hours watching a movie about it .
Murphy 's film version of the story is relentlessly superficial , a slick , empty travelogue propped up only by Roberts ' natural charisma .
Like any beloved book with a pretty film version , there will be fans of this film , in spite of its flaws . And bless them . I was , mostly , frustrated .
Julia Roberts boasts a charming presence and a lively mind but she deserves better than this superficial , glitzy and fluffy travelogue of self discovery , which has lots of food , some prayers but little love or sex .
Elizabeth Gilbert 's best selling tome has been dumbed down and glossed up . Fans of the introspective will be disappointed : those looking for decent , escapist entertainment will not .
Approached purely on the surface , Eat serves a sensual cinematic meal .
It seems determined to drag tears out of the audience , when the quiet , underplayed moments are the ones that pack the true firepower .
If only Roberts ' warmth , coupled with Javier Bardem 's scruffy sexiness as Felipe , were enough to compensate for the folded-map flatness of this production .
It provides a gorgeous escape , exquisitely photographed and full of female wish fulfillment . Yet it also offers sufficient emotional heft and self-discovery to make you feel as if you 've actually learned something .
Unlike the book , there 's no big emotional breakdown ; instead , this is a postcard-pretty case of midlife soul-searching .
Ryan Murphy 's film adaptation of Elizabeth Gilbert 's bestseller about the divorced New Yorker 's lone odyssey to Italy , India and Bali to find meaning in her life is a shallow guilty pleasure : an escapist Julia Roberts romance and exotic travelogue .
A heavily idealized journey of self-discovery with a pretty woman -LRB- Julia Roberts -RRB- , pretty scenery and a pretty shallow view of Eastern spirituality .
The food looks great , but the romance is undercooked , and God remains strictly a bit player .
Eat Pray Love is n't a bad movie -- just a spiritually dead one , wearing and wearying .
Too preachy , indulgent , and everybody cries . Even the extras .
Italians have a phrase - Che posso fare ? - meaning `` What can I do ? '' that 's sometimes used when the answer is : `` Nothing , just go with it . '' Lots of things happen in Eat Pray Love that only the lonely and book club members will understand . You just go with it .



@highlight

The scenery is nice to look at , and Julia Roberts is as luminous as ever , but without the spiritual and emotional weight of the book that inspired it , Eat Pray Love is too shallow to resonate .