Putting a star rating on this kind of movie is a little pointless : If you grew up on fizzy baby-boom pop music , you 're going to want to see it .
Worth the wait , it delivers a lot of laughter and generous helpings of dearly licensed grooviness .
... it 's satisfying to learn the stories behind the songs that defined a decade and the musicians who never got their due credit for providing the soundtrack of a generation .
Danny Tedesco 's joyous documentary The Wrecking Crew is a personal , heartfelt tribute to those unsung heroes .
Did you love all those mid-60s American rock and roll bands ? Turns out the Byrds , the Association , even the Beach Boys were n't playing their own instruments .
Patchy but endearing , The Wrecking Crew is both a sonorous scrapbook and a loquacious love letter .
Encyclopedic rocktrospective chronicling the contributions of a group of unheralded studio musicians who anonymously created the soundtrack of an entire generation .
This well-produced documentary rescues the talented but unsung group from obscurity , who were mostly known only to industry insiders .
A fascinating story that deserves to be seen -- and most importantly , heard -- on the big screen .
There is a lot of great music in this film , and many bittersweet stories told by musicians who had a big part in recording that great music .
The documentary makes fascinating connections between the fledgling high-showbiz days of rock 'n' roll and the rise of more versatile singer-songwriters in the 1970s .
The fact it 's directed by the son of guitar ace Tommy Tedesco adds a defining sense of purpose , and a bit more heart .
It 's a fascinating insight into how a classic song is crafted .
Tedesco nails the point : that the beauty of pop music lies not with the prancing pop starlets , but in the hands of the average-looking , insanely talented artists behind the scenes .
An entertaining and compelling story about music 's unsung heroes .
It all feels more like an ambitious home video than a ` proper ' film .
The Wrecking Crew is kind of a home movie -- not cinematically accomplished -- but it is fascinating .
From a narrative standpoint , `` The Wrecking Crew '' is scattered , which limits its appeal to pop music aficionados . As one of those people , I enjoyed the film despite its lack of forward movement .
... an enjoyable labor of love
This look into a largely unknown aspect of pop music is a treat as it celebrates the faceless musicians behind some of the biggest hits of an era .
I thoroughly enjoyed every guitar plunk , drum beat , sax squawk and even Cher quote .
Like a beautiful song , Tedesco weaves together the history , personal stories and tributes by well-known performers like Cher , Nancy Sinatra and Mickey Dolenz .
Not the same league as Muscle Shoals and 20 Feet from Stardom , but a valuable addition
This Memory Lane is lined with gold .
The Wrecking Crew is n't about something falling apart , but a specific moment in time : a time that , as a viewer , you keep wanting to revisit .
I doubt there will be a more entertaining documentary this year .
A must-see for liner-note readers .
The movie really shines in interviews with the Crew themselves , taking on the feeling of an old reunion . These oldies are indeed golden .
Good-natured look at the virtuoso workhorses of classic rock and pop .
A music-filled , appreciative but not fawning account of the session musicians who helped make so many of the 1960s ' records great .
`` The Wrecking Crew '' succeeds as important cultural history . But it 's also deeply personal for Tedesco ...
It can be uncomfortable to pull back the curtain on some of the most beloved rock songs of all time . Yet , it 's worth it in order to meet The Wrecking Crew .
Pays fond tribute to the musicians who were behind so much of the rock 'n' roll soundtrack of boomers ' lives -LSB- as -RSB- an insiders ' memoir ... in loose , not chronological edit .
The Wrecking Crew is breezy , intriguing , tuneful , joyous stuff for anyone . For rock and pop fans , though , it 's absolute catnip .
The Wrecking Crew is a vital part of the narrative of the golden age of popular music recording , and contains elements that will certainly be used for future , perhaps more sophisticated tellings of this period .
Inviting and informative , giving needed dimension to blockbuster singles and masterful performers . Utilizing a sensational soundtrack is merely icing on the cake .
Fans of those great old recordings of the late '60s and '70s will lap this up
Mostly , it 's hagiography , with stars like Cher and Brian Wilson used as character witnesses to the players ' greatness .
'60s and '70s music lovers will rejoice .
The Wrecking Crew resonates as a hastily assembled missed opportunity , an introduction of interesting , feature-worthy content that spends more than 90 minutes only journeying skin-deep .
It 'll make you listen to `` Good Vibrations , '' a song you 've heard a million times , with fresh ears .
There 's lots of interviews with cheerful musicians but not much focus or context . They 're wonderful people , though , Kaye and Blaine and Campbell and Tommy Tedeso and Leon Russell and their friends .
The musicians ' memories , coupled with the murderers ' row of killer tunes that play on the soundtrack , carry you along and recreate a period in the music industry that 's long since vanished .
The story of studio rock 's secret weapon ...
Though their story has taken decades to reach the screen , it has been worth the wait .
Denny Tedesco 's lively and loving documentary takes its title from the name collectively applied to the group of two to three dozen Los Angeles studio musicians who dominated rock and pop recordings there during the 1960s and early '70s .
With its release held up for seven years because of rights issues , Denny Tedesco 's illuminating documentary about the unsung L.A. session musicians who provided the backbeat for some of the greatest songs from the '50s through the '80s can now be seen .
The studio musicians rarely got credit on or off the albums . In The Wrecking Crew , Denny Tedesco , whose father was a Wrecking Crew guitarist , rights that wrong .
The unsung heroes who played on stacks of wax during the '60s pop era are celebrated in a hugely entertaining documentary .
No , nobody emerges as a breakout the way Darlene Love did in `` Twenty Feet , '' but I greatly enjoyed spending 100 minutes with these people .
The story of The Wrecking Crew always deserved to be told and this incredible documentary does a first class job
Incredibly engaging and equally informative music documentary .
Extremely sweet-natured . Short on drama and full of good vibrations , it 's awfully hard not to like .
The Wrecking Crew is a provocative look back at an art form in transition .
There are a thousand stories to be told in the studios where these session players cut some of the greatest records of all time , which makes it disappointing that there is n't more to be found in `` The Wrecking Crew . ''
Fascinating ...
As you attend a master class in music and recording , you also get one of the most entertaining movies of the year .
Overall , the documentary comes off as a solipsistic , uncritical look at an incredible moment in the history of American music .
These unsung heroes are the subject of an illuminating , witty and comprehensive documentary by Denny Tedesco , son of the Crew 's inventive guitarist , the late Tommy Tedesco .
With a son 's love and duty , Tedesco ... breezily celebrates the team that laid down a thousand riffs back just before pop became too serious for anonymous craftsmanship .
The majority of ` The Wrecking Crew ' is simply listing the many , many , many , many , many songs the subjects helped craft .
A good `` behind the music '' genre documentary that took entirely too long to reach theaters and suffers by comparison with some of the films that it inspired .
The enchanting Kaye - `` I was making more money than the President '' - probably deserves her own film .
It 's astounding to consider how many eternal earworms are in our brains , courtesy of this accomplished group of West Coast musicians .
Long on nostalgia , the film does shed further light on the genius of Brian Wilson and the unfair uproar over the Monkees ' need for musical backup . Turns out even the Beach Boys required the Wrecking Crew to rock .
This sing-along , joyful doc unearths a group of musicians who actually played all the music on the LPS by the Byrds , Cher , Nancy and Frank Sinatra , the Beach Boys , the Monkees , and Captain and Tennille . A must to see and listen to .

@highlight

The Wrecking Crew may not achieve the greatness of the many classic songs its subjects helped bring to life , but it remains a heartfelt , overdue tribute to overshadowed brilliance .