Art and Craft provides a fascinating portrait of Landis ' internal process and justification for what seem to be random acts of philanthropy .
This documentary about one of the most prolific forgers in history is a fascinating character study of two men , the forger , a man compelled to copy works of art and pass them off as originals , and the man compelled to stop him from from doing that .
The moviemakers have created a unique portrait of a highly unusual , gifted oddball who is -- unlike his paintings -- a true original .
Operating out of a crummy lifelong bachelor 's apartment , this prolific art forger is an unassuming and even sympathetic mastermind . With his tall , thin frame and baldish head , he resembles an El Greco Eisenhower , accessorized with Alfred E. Neuman ears .
An insightful glimpse into mental illness and an obsession with fame . Just the story of a mild-mannered con man with issues . A film worth viewing .
A documentary about Mark Landis , a meek , eccentric Southerner who donated hundreds of his forged artworks to museums but never tried to make money off them .
An object lesson in how to make a good documentary
A thoroughly enjoyable and fascinating documentary about Landis ' amazing feats as a forger and con man .
It 's hard to dislike a guy who , at his worst , is a man -LRB- as Landis puts it -RRB- on a `` philanthropic binge . ''
Craft has it easy in terms of documentary subjects , as Landis is ready for his close-up , eager to share a distorted idea of himself with viewers .
It 's the kind of story a filmmaker dreams of - and yet , `` Art and Craft '' leaves the viewer uneasy .
What was intended to be a lurid stranger-than-fiction tale of high insanity in the world of high art instead turns into a gentle , loving character study that takes an empathetic , if still deeply puzzled , look at an unknowable man .
Perhaps the year 's most delightfully charming documentary .
The filmmakers may not have made a great movie , but they have a remarkable subject .
An entertaining if rather rambling documentary -LSB- about -RSB- a crafty artist indeed .
Much like the experts drawn to Landis ' paintings , Art and Craft effectively invites viewers to question the honesty of what 's been placed inside the frame .
Cut 30 minutes and re-edit and there may be an interesting PBS program here .
There 's a hint of exploitation , but it does n't overpower the film 's hilarious insights into the smug pretentiousness of the art world , nor its riveting examination of how copying others as made Landis an endearing original .
Landis is a lanky , quiet-spoken wisp of a man , his skull firm against the taut skin of his face , and sly amusement suffuses almost every pronouncement in a whispery , Truman Capote-like voice that is as still and clear as a bell .
Sam Cullman , Jennifer Grausman , and Mark Becker , the directors of `` Art and Craft , '' have themselves an enticing subject in Landis 's activities . They do not have an enticing subject in Landis himself .
Directors Sam Cullman and Jennifer Grausman maintain a bright tone and a melancholy undercurrent , which combine in an eminently watchable character study .
Wonderful and not a little sad .
A fascinating look inside the troubled mind of a master of deception .
`` Art and Craft '' contains some focus problems , but overcomes them by generally keeping its spotlight on Mark Landis .
Art and Craft rightly supposes that critique of art-establishment phoniness never gets old , and it reveals how individual mental illness can manifest collective anxiety about cultural ideals .
Landis has made a lot of people very angry , and the movie deals with a serious issue - namely the way obsessions take control of us .
A droll documentary that may remind you of Errol Morris ' work .
The constant scrutiny of a camera seems exploitative and cruel , even if you are at all suspicious when he rationalizes his behavior as childlike mischief .
An entertaining and compelling film , Art and Craft includes a cat-and-mouse component ... But the film blossoms when it instead focuses on its engaging lead character , examining the line that often connects art and madness .
`` Nothing 's original under the sun , '' muses Mark Landis in the consistently compelling documentary `` Art and Craft . '' But he seems to be discounting himself .
Both a very entertaining , offbeat look at the art world and a riveting character study of one man who 's exploited it for his own amusement .
Thoroughly compelling and fascinating with a brilliantly mad , enigmatic subject .
Mr. Landis , who lives in Laurel , Miss. , and has operated under several pseudonyms , is the enigmatic core of a movie that becomes pedestrian only when the focus switches to a one-man crusade to expose him .
This smartly produced and constructed art-themed art-house entry delivers a canvas of caper , comedy and delightful curiosities that engage and provoke some serious thought . Like the hero 's forgeries , it deserves a close look .
Fascinatingly complex and endlessly entertaining documentary ... a film which , by measures , both intrigues and tickles you .
Compelling but dubious ...
Sympathetic yet gently unnerving ...
This crazy-gazing docu never presumes to be much more than an extended version of the kind of story one might expect to see briefly spotlighted on 60 Minutes . Even so , all sorts of interesting questions.swirl beneath the surface .
Deeply eccentric subject makes for an engaging art-doc .
What 's fascinating about Art And Craft is watching the filmmakers try to figure out which of their subjects is the story 's hero .
By drawing a wide net , interviewing bewildered curators and following Landis 's rise to notoriety in the art world , Grausman and Cullman find rare depth in eccentricity .
There is nothing illegal in his puffery , though clearly gift horses really should be looked in the mouth for better authentication and not waste staff time or museum space .
It 's an impressive film about quiet desperation and obsession.It 's an impressive film about quiet desperation and obsession .
The filmmakers profile the prolific Mark Landis with a non-judgmental straightforwardness that allows the sheer brazenness of his scams to generate both shock and amusement .
... Art And Craft is a intriguing depiction of counterfeit impulses -LRB- both wrongly perceived and irrepressible -RRB- , immense talent gone awry and what lies behind the desire to create .
an engaging character study with an awkward yet satisfying climax that could n't be scripted more perfectly .
... jaunty and engaging .

@highlight

The spotlight it shines on an apparently troubled mind may strike some viewers as exploitative , but Art and Craft remains a thoroughly gripping glimpse into the life of a legendary art forger .