Melanie Lynskey is the best reason to see this black comedy as a put-upon nursing assistant who snaps at the world after her house is burglarized and takes the law into her own hands .
It 's a film that so confidently walks the shuriken edge of laugh-out-loud funny and cringe-inducing violence .
At the narrative level there is an overlap of clichés ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Macon Blair 's debut feature has certainly made him a name to keep note of , now also behind the camera
If not hardly the freshest thing to ever come down the pike , still brightly-paced and winningly pleasurable .
With quirky characters , a somewhat meandering plot , quick jumps between humor and shocking violence , the Netflix release brings to mind past festival favorites like Joel and Ethan Coen 's Blood Simple .
The disjointedness that characterizes the earlier parts of the film and makes Ruth 's misanthropy seem so grounded and relatable shifts into more banal and predictable material by the end .
The film is bearable thanks to the touch that softens the violence , comedy that oscillates between the absurd and dark humor . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
-LSB- Balances -RSB- the tension of a Cormac McCarthy thriller with the wacky edge of Will Ferrell 's wildest comedies
Independent cinema of great quality and renewed originality . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
... the escalating nature of I do n't feel at home in this world anymore . 's storyline paves the way for an impressively engrossing third act ...
The movie works primarily because of the warmth and humanity that Lynskey and Wood bring to their characters .
Violent black comedy with drugs , gore , cursing .
I Do n't Feel at Home in This World Anymore feels like the world right now : unpredictable , funny , frightening , confusing , unsettling , bizarre , and a little bit unreal .
Blair attempts to grapple with the root causes of America 's frustrated and angry mood , but his view is myopic .
Just dark enough , just funny enough , just surprising enough .
I Do n't Feel at Home in This World Anymore trades in the kind of us-versus-them mentality that characterizes our current political discourse .
Lynskey delivers a charming , captivating turn that roots the proceedings in everyday feelings of powerlessness , hopelessness , frustration and fury .
The feature is amusing , but also astute in its understanding of depression and loneliness .
A sloppily untrimmed , factory-damaged hipsterville peopled by feckless fantasists and maladjusted obsessives , this Portland is where the dreams of the '90s came to die .
A very interesting film that combines twisted fun with a juicy subtext around that lower layer of American society . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The vigilante tale we need right now , pushing back on the decay of decency with pulp in the first truly great Netflix original film .
Melanie Lynskey is a younger Margo Martindale . She can play comedy , drama or quirky - and this movie is really quirky .
Blair 's neo-noir-comedy-thriller is that rare story that seems to have come along at just the right time .
I Do n't Feel At Home In This World Anymore is a winning combination of anger , frustration and stinging social satire .
Mesmerizingly criss-crossing any number of genres , the film is every bit as miraculous as Melanie Lynskey 's tremendous turn .
Blair 's film is like Blood Simple crossed with The Three Stooges-a clever , gritty tale of revenge at its most inept , anchored by performances that brim with goofy fury .
It 's the comic , violent , romantic , eclectic , fierce , soul-searching indie we 've been waiting for .
` I Do n't Feel At Home in This World Anymore ' is a vigilante story turned upside down and played as a violent farce . The characters and situations are believable enough to keep us engaged
What 's delightful about `` I Do n't Feel at Home in This World Anymore '' ... is how consistently the film challenges our worst assumptions about humanity even as it confirms them .
pointless nihilism
The film is worth seeing for its interest in eccentric but realistic people , in particular Ruth , who 's played with great intelligence and exactness by Lynskey .
A promising debut with gorgeous , warm cinematography and a great performance from Lynskey .
-LSB- A -RSB- darkly comic thriller ...
A smug and stupidly violent Coen brothers knock-off that will have you once again wondering who picks Lynskey 's scripts .
I Do n't Feel at Home in This World Anymore . is punk rock , effortlessly cool .
I Do n't Feel At Home In This World Anymore has a violent streak in common with Blair 's films with Saulnier , but a more absurdist comedy angle .
It would be easy to look at the title of this stellar oddball indie -- a film buckling with distinctly American rage , splattery violence and plenty of dark laughs -- and find a certain timeliness .
Writer-director Macon Blair is practically a virtuoso in how all this unfolds , which is in a surprisingly humorous fashion ...
It 's one of those classic Sundance cases of a film being more ` promising ' than anything else , although I suspect some will take to this gritty thriller as is , and forgive its flaws completely .
-LSB- Melanie Lynskey 's -RSB- a huge asset to the movie , and so is Elijah Wood , playing his fragile-but-kinda-unsettling vibe to the hilt .
Produces some of the most riveting cinema you 're likely to see in 2017 .
Lynskey 's shivering rage and Wood 's Zen incompetence play off beautifully against each other , and Blair deftly juggles the suspense , humor and social overtones of his script .
Suffice it to say , this is a thoroughly relatable picture .
An off-kilter , low-key comedy with violent mood swings and endearing goofball performances by Melanie Lynskey and Elijah Wood .
The film never loses its strong sense of character
I Do n't Feel At Home begins to resemble nothing so much as a Coen brothers imitation with thinner characters .
A dazzling , comic neo-noir .
It moves with the force of a woman scorned by the world itself , and fighting back has rarely been this satisfying and entertaining .
The details are less important than the glee with which Blair twists the genre and whips up a concoction that gets increasingly weird , violent and over-the-top .
What makes the film serve as more than just an exercise of Murphy 's Law is the humanity at its heart-namely , Melanie Lynskey .
Manages an impressive balancing act in term of its tricky , quicksilver tone , which constantly oscillates between foreboding , menacing , hilarity and absurdity without ever feeling incongruous .
It 's charmingly bizarre and it 's a joy to watch Lynskey and Wood at work .
Entertaining and continues to cross lines you never thought it would cross .
If `` No Country for Old Men '' depicted a nihilistic sheriff 's slow-dawning realization that society as he knew it has lost all sense of reason , then `` I do n't feel at home in this world anymore '' is a young woman 's equivalent existential crisis .
I do n't know if anybody can make somberness funny the way Lynskey does , but once again she has found a way to make a sad sack character somebody to be loved .
I Do n't Feel At Home In This World , with its mix of ennui and enthusiastic energy , is a hell of a ride .

@highlight

I do n't feel at home in this world anymore . transcends its unwieldy title to offer timely , intoxicatingly dark observations on gender dynamics and social norms in modern America .