Mortdecai is just simply horrible
The rarest kind of awful comedy , where even the characters themselves tangibly hate the movie they 're in .
The movie is a worthy warning to Hollywood at large : if you 're going to make a comedy , hire some damn comedians .
There 's nothing worse than a film that 's laughing at itself while the auditorium is silent , and while Mortdecai inspires a few chuckles , it never fully delivers .
He 's a character of a bygone age of literature and film plopped down into this time and place but with no realization that anything is different . All in all , you could certainly do a lot worse for a January release .
I have seen worse films , but I 'm not sure I 've seen a worse performance . And that 's really saying something .
A grueling , embarrassing vanity vehicle ...
This mannered spoof of art-heist caper comedies is one layer of spoof too many , as precious and simpering as its antihero -LRB- where does Depp come up with these accents ? -RRB- .
The clothes are grand enough and so are the mansions and castles where it has been filmed . It is a pity then that it also has to be so boring .
The film simmers but never really sizzles .
More a misguided mess than a truly abysmal effort .
`` Mortdecai '' wallows in the shallow and moronic as the energetic actors struggle to bring dignity to a project that has none . They should have known better .
Mortdecai is a completely misguided attempt at bringing Kyril Bonfiglioli 's beloved cult characters to the screen , utilizing unfunny jokes that are repeated ad nauseum , and featuring a downright embarrassing performance from Johnny Depp .
Half a dozen effective gags are not enough to get this fiasco to work . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
Mortdecai is a movie you ca n't criticize for being ridiculous : it 's what it aims to be . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
Visual repetition is a theme here , but it ends up doing more harm than good . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
The two or three good jokes that the film has are immediately overshadowed by Johnny Depp 's over the top performance and horrible English accent . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
This is not the first failure at the box office that becomes a cult film with time . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
An abysmal would-be comedy that sees the quickly falling star delivering a performance that 's as hammy and unfunny as it is dull and embarrassing .
An overlong disaster ...
Johnny Depp as an updated Baron Munchausen .
Look past the vicious reviews and the film reveals itself to be squarely in the genial , proudly silly spirit of everything from The Pink Panther to Austin Powers .
Depp 's Charlie Mortdecai , a conglomeration of grunts , bleats , facial tics and a moustache that becomes a subplot by itself , is a hoot , but highly unlikely to join Capt. Jack Sparrow , Edward Scissorhands , Ed Wood or Willy Wonka in his hall of fame .
There are a few amusing touches , but overall , Mortdecai sinks to the depths , its potential battered by an overdose of ham and a mannered performance by Johnny Depp that just does n't fire
A tiresome misfire that 's mortifying for all concerned ...
A dreadfully flat and unfunny film ... It really is painful to watch such a terrific actor as Johnny Depp bland out in such a big way .
Tiresome caper comedy has big stars , little appeal .
Aside from a hipster barber here and there , it is hard to imagine who this filmic folly is really aimed at .
This one 's dead on arrival .
I have no idea for whom this movie was made .
The leaden story is by-the-numbers stuff .
What should be a three-minute SNL sketch unfurls into a feature-length snooze .
There 's just never enough ham on the buffet for Johnny Depp these days .
You may not like it , but it 's hardly the worst movie ever made . It is n't even anywhere near the worst movie released this month .
The overloaded quirks grow tiresome pretty quickly .
There 's a chasm between grounded character comedy , touched by impeccable timing , and a kook gurning for the camera .
The jokes are astonishingly unfunny , splitting the cast between those desperate to please , and those looking to slip off with most of their dignity intact .
Depp 's performance is insipid , scraping the bottom of his wardrobe of over-the-top weirdo personae .
This wilfully terrible film marks a significant juncture in Johnny Depp 's peculiar career . It is , to him , as the assassination of Archduke Franz Ferdinand was to the Balkan League .
Compared to the mustachioed gurning going on here , Depp 's Captain Jack Sparrow was a study in bleak Bergmanesque understatement .
... a very silly movie with a game cast whose commitment is occasionally engaging ... Depp and Bettany are like an English variation on Inspector Clouseau and Cato .
Depp is this generation 's Peter Sellers , but he should n't invite the comparison playing a character so much like Sellers ' signature alter ego .
Mortdecai lacks the wit and charm that would 've been necessary for this farcical pastiche to work , resulting in another disappointment from Johnny Depp .
With art-heist caper Mortdecai , Johnny Depp tries his darnedest to start a kooky Austin Powers-like franchise with a side of bumbling Insp. Clouseau . But dash it all if it is n't a crashing bore , old bean .
-LSB- Mortdecai -RSB- fails on just about every level , so committed to its ridiculous premise that it does n't bother to step back and recognize what an unholy mess it is .
Mortdecai is n't particularly funny , but it 's also not the Pistachio Disguisey 2015 train wreck the Internet has spent the last few months anticipating . It 's brainless , but it 's painless .
Stale , strained and sadly dismal considering all parties involved , Mortdecai wants to be a globe-trotting roguish romp crossing the globe in a bespoke suit , but it feels more like a brandy-soaked nap in grandad 's threadbare housecoat .
Depp 's strenuously unfunny performance turns a frivolous caper comedy into a grim death march to the closing credits .
Mortdecai is content to stroll casually and unassuredly through its paces , taking long , long intermissions for Depp to whimper and giggle .
A sh-tshow from start to finish , a theoretically whimsical comedy wherein the actors physically begin to shrink as it goes along , as if they realized what they had gotten into just a beat too late to possibly escape .
Go if you 're a raging Anglophile with an afternoon to burn or you just love Depp , even at his hammiest . Otherwise , do n't point this thing at you .
It 's heavy on doses of double entendres , slapstick and zaniness , but completely bereft of any laughs or true entertainment value . -LRB- Full Content Review -- Sex , Profanity , Violence , etc. -- for Parents also available -RRB-
When it gels , it 's genial . When it does n't , it drags . And drags .
The humour is puerile and idiotic , but you may laugh out loud in spite of yourself -- especially if you 're familiar with the Carry On movies or the original Pink Panther .
Daffy , dated , and precisely as intended .
At times , it seems like the whole movie is based around making jokes about his well-kept mustache . This helps explain why the vanity project is so frenziedly boring and tedious .
Reminds me of the viral videos parodying Wes Anderson 's style made by people who clearly do n't get the filmmaker at all .
If you have an allergy to pure goofballery , this is not the movie for you . Spend your Depp bucks elsewhere .
What looked funny in small , trailer-sized doses turns into an interminable death march when applied to an almost two-hour run time .
There was no laughter , just grim resolve on the part of those of us professionally obligated to stick it out through the bitter end .
-LSB- An -RSB- absolutely bewildering waste of time , talent , energy and money .
Every time Depp gave a phlegmy little stammer and jauntily uttered lines like , `` I say , old bean , '' I wanted to bop him on the same with a rotten tangerine .
Depp is very much to blame , having put the project together with his Secret Window director David Koepp . No doubt they had a hoot filming it , but watching it is painful .
Not the flaming catastrophe that its dreadful trailer seems to promise , but still a mess -- frantic and leaden and largely laughless .
`` Mortdecai '' has loads of problems , but the secret to its semi-tolerability is that it both tries too hard and does n't try hard enough .
It 's exactly the sort of oddball trifle , like Hudson Hawk , that tends to attract the ire of baffled audiences and grumpy critics . It 's also the sort of oddball trifle that , like Hudson Hawk , will put certain aficionados of silliness in a pretty good mood .
Only 14-year old boys are this enamored with growing a mustache .
Even devoted fans who stuck with Depp 's Jack Sparrow shtick through thick and thin will find his supposedly madcap adventures in Mortdecai buttock-clenchingly bad .
`` Do n't be tiresome , '' Paltrow tells Depp at one point . Or did I forget myself and yell that at the screen myself ?
Resistible .
A whirlwind of horrible British accents , too much gagging and not enough good gags , and weak dialogue that , while not exactly terrible , is terribly boring .
A spectacular mess , and the only real shock comes from the number of A-List talent involved on both sides of the camera .
Shrill , stupid and often sexist , Mortdecai sinks due to an embarrassingly overwrought turn from Johnny Depp .
Mortdecai is n't all that funny , quick-witted , or even that interesting . It 's yet another misunderstood outsider , fish-out-of-water , unreal , and oblivious hero scenario for Johnny Depp .
Mortdecai is the stuff that inspires stipulations in wills , as in , ` Have some basic decency on the event of my passing , and do n't let people bring up that one movie . '
A thoroughgoing disaster ... which aims to be a larkish homage to caper movies of the sixties but falls dismally short of the target .
Never amounts to anything more than a watchable mess , an inside Anglo-joke that most of us are n't in on .
Johnny Depp is in danger of being upstaged by his own moustache in this knockabout crime caper .
It 's undemanding stuff ... but fans of Depp at his more energetic will see it as a collector 's item .
Those who do find their way into this supremely silly action-mystery caper are in for a few grins if not laughs thanks largely to the deft - and daft - performance of Johnny Depp in the title role .
Mortdecai is reminiscent of some of the wildly misfiring comedies that Peter Sellers used to make in the 1960s and 1970s - the worst of the Pink Panther films , or the star-studded fiascoes such as the 1967 Casino Royale .
Johnny Depp affects an accent that 's so exaggeratedly British he sounds like a one-man Pimm 's advertisement as Mortdecai , a dimwit toff art dealer with a taste for port and a moustache that would get him laughed out of Shoreditch .
Mr. Depp 's wizardly expertise at disappearing into a character is intact . But what if that character is n't funny and has n't an ounce of charm ?
The poster is awful . The premise is awful . To be frank , quite a lot about it is awful ...
`` Mortdecai '' is mortdifying , a mortdal sin of a movie that 's headed for the cinematic mortduary .
It is not enough to fall about and do funny voices . You need a script with actual wit and verifiable verve .
Mortdecai is an anachronistic mess that never succeeds in re-creating the breezy tone or snappy rhythm of the classic caper movies that it aims to pastiche .
Johnny Depp has done so much for us . Let us now return the favor and pretend `` Mortdecai , '' a disastrously misjudged career low , never existed .
Despite a superior cast and terrific-looking production values , this mystery romp is a misfire on every level .
Though the books are brilliant , Depp 's attempt to make his own Terry-Thomas movie feels tired and more than a little tortured .
This painfully unfunny spoof of teddibly British nonsense could n't be less amusing if it were actually calculated to be totally laugh-free .
Mortdecai works as a low-stakes comic mystery that is refreshingly aimed squarely at adult moviegoers .
Depp massively overplays it in this embarrassing and shockingly unfunny self-produced farce .
It 's hard to escape the suspicion that the only people sure to enjoy ` Mortdecai ' are Depp , Paltrow , Tim Burton and Madonna .
It 's hard to think of a way in which the experience of watching the new Johnny Depp film could be any worse , unless you returned home afterwards to discover that Depp himself had popped round while you were out and set fire to your house .
It aims for knowing slapstick but ends up feeling like an extended skit with the joke outstaying its welcome .
Energetic but obstinately unfunny , David Koepp 's throwback farce is a showcase for Johnny Depp at his most self-amused .
Mortdecai , the film , is neither satire nor spoof , instead getting caught uncomfortably in a place where the butt of the joke is difficult to pinpoint .
While watching this new caper , I was reminded why movies like this are called soufflés in the first place : if they do n't stay perfectly aloft , they collapse .

@highlight

Aggressively strange and willfully unfunny , the misguided Mortdecai sounds a frightfully low note in Johnny Depp 's post - Pirates filmography .