The Aqua Teen Hunger Force movie is n't going to be for most people , but those who were already converts will probably find it tasty enough to go back for seconds .
The most scathing deconstruction of Hollywood -LRB- and the culture at large -RRB- this side of Robert Altman 's The Player .
It 's not too hard to imagine that the inspiration for this show came during a late night , cannabis fueled attack of the munchies . It 's no masterpiece but that 's the idea .
In the beginning , the film had me with an absolutely amazing intro song . I was dying laughing , but after that ran out , I was just dying .
Absurd , raunchy ` toon TV spin-off is n't for kids .
At heart , it is a stoner comedy for college kids , but it strikes just the right balance between intelligence and infantilism to please almost any viewer who has ever enjoyed adolescence
Its absurdist scenarios serve as little more than a ramshackle frame for bizarre non sequiturs , stoned pop-culture riffing , and some of the weirdest gags ever to make it into a studio-released film .
Its running time painfully accentuates the premise 's thinness .
The brainchild of Matt Maiellaro and Dave Willis is n't immune to the problem often faced by supersize cartoons -- namely , what might be effectively clever when doled out in episodic portions tends to get diluted over the course of an expanded format .
Except for an intriguing opening segment that pits a traditional bunch of movie snacks singing a suggestive jingle pitted against an aggressive punk counterpart , the movie is a bore .
The brains behind Cartoon Network 's `` Aqua Teen Hunger Force '' have stretched their 12-minute plus commercials ` Adult Swim ' series entry into 86 rather uneven ones .
The film is very , very funny ; and it is very , very exhausting .
Ultimately , the movie will be remembered -LRB- if at all -RRB- for its guerilla marketing campaign , which the city of Boston took to be a terrorist threat and cost Turner Broadcasting $ 2 million , more than the cost of making the film .
Certainly original , often funny , and occasionally even inspired .
Skip this feature and wait until it makes its way to DVD or television .
I did n't feel like I was watching somebody else 's idea of a joke ; I felt like I was watching somebody else 's idea of a nightmare .
I have never taken an illegal substance ; movies have always been my drug of choice , and Aqua Teen Hunger Force Colon Movie Film for Theaters was like a big old cinematic acid trip .
There 's ultimately something exhilarating -- and , dare I say , liberating ? -- about the film 's chaotic avant-garde energy .
You know , if you 're not familiar with the television series `` Aqua Teen Hunger Force '' then you might as well not waste your time reading about `` Aqua Teen Hunger Force Colon Movie Film for Theaters . ''
Occasional amusement aside , this is a tedious 86-minutes worth of utterly random movie .
While not for the faint of heart , Aqua Teen Hunger Force is perfectly suited for the seriously twisted followers -- and new recruits -- of the Cartoon Network show .
If you 're in the right frame of mind or if you 've inhaled the right substance I guess you might find this stuff hilarious . I laughed , then I grew restless , then I grew sleepy , then I just wanted it to end .
If nothing else , it can lay claim to being the only film in memory that had me in tears of hysterical laughter before the studio logos came up .
The makers of this film know who their audience is , and it probably is n't you .
Only die-hard addicts of the Cartoon Network series will want to sit through the entire film for its amusing moments .
ATHF can seem brilliantly deconstructive one moment and stupefyingly boring the next -- or to provide a more accurate ratio , it can follow five brilliant seconds with five straight minutes of boredom .
For a production that is so dialogue-rich -LRB- and profane -- this is not for kids -RRB- , Aqua Teen is also visually arresting in its desultory , whatever-sticks-to-the-wall grottiness .
Aqua Teen Hunger Force Colon Movie Film for Theaters is difficult to recommend , without first knowing the sobriety of the viewer .
The animation is pastiche but impudently inventive , with pop culture eating its furry tail after a long lick .
-LSB- Creators -RSB- Willis and Maiellaro simply do not have enough material to fill a movie that clocks in at 86 minutes . Too much humor falls flat and there are too many stretches where not much happens at all .
It gives me no pleasure to report that Aqua Teen Hunger Force Colon Movie Film for Theaters is fairly excruciating to sit through -- because I 'm writing this as a fan of the TV series that spawned the movie .
It 's one thing to catch Aqua Teen in 15-minute increments on TV , but sitting through a feature-length onslaught is an endurance test even for devoted viewers .
The big-screen version of the demented Cartoon Network hit is often hilarious and always surreal .
So insane it approaches a sort of mad brilliance , this full-length Cartoon Network spinoff must have been made with chemical enhancement in mind . Enter with a clear head at your own risk .
It 's all as neurotically juvenile as South Park -LRB- though not nearly as sharply written and even less well-animated -RRB- .
The writers seem to proceed from the adolescent assumption that anything that crosses their minds is automatically funny . To them , sure .
Do n't ask questions . Just go with it . What other movie these days delivers characters good enough to eat ?
Aqua Teen Hunger Force , '' the movie is a juiced-up revelry of irreverence and sarcasm that defies description .
The movie is warped , to be sure , but even fans will have to admit that the laughs are stretched pretty thin over nearly 90 minutes .
Fans of Aqua Teen who could n't wait for the next TV season ? You 'll likely love it . The uninitiated ? It would be a lot cheaper to watch five minutes of the Cartoon Network . Save your money for some higher-quality , nonanimated fast food .
Fittingly , the sequences when the movie actually tries to tell a story are when things bog down and fall apart . Much better is when the movie stops trying to make sense and just lets the pop-art absurdities fly .
It 's inconsequential , potty-mouthed , extremely silly , and -- the worst sin of all -- dead boring .
I honestly feel that the filmmakers and Ted Turner owe me , my family and my future descendants for years to come reparations for this cinematic dog turd .
Bottom line : consider the engagingly outlandish Aqua Teen Hunger Force as feisty food for incomprehensible thought .
Sure to please its core audience of stoner cartoon enthusiasts .
It 's this close to pure genius
I do n't expect those coming in to a feature version of their adventures to understand why I was laughing so hard at times . But I did expect to laugh far more than I actually did .
Aqua Teen Hunger Force is clearly designed to appeal to fans of the show . For the rest of us , its appeal may be something of a stretch .
The low-rent , patchwork animation wears on the eyes really fast , and most of the comedic dead horses do exactly what dead horses usually do : lie there and rot .
I am tempted to call Aqua Teen Hunger Force Colon Movie Film For Theaters the most successful full-on surrealist film since Bunuel and Dali 's 1930 L'Age d'Or .
Offers occasional laughs amid a jumble of pop-culture references . Despite its Borat-esque title , do n't expect a coherent plot .
Daringly and surprisingly successfully attempts to hold viewers ' interest in the -LRB- barely -RRB- animated triumvirate of Frylock , Master Shake and Meatwad for six times the length of a normal episode .
At one point there is a live chicken on fire , running around the room like , well , a chicken on fire , and that 's when I thought : They have no idea what they 're doing here .
To think we laughed at Boston . Then . They knew a bomb when they saw one .
I found it intermittently funny , often weirdly engaging and utterly incomprehensible .
A little of this junk-drawer fusillade goes a long way . It would have been interesting to see Maiellaro and Willis up the ante for their big-screen outing , rather than simply riffing at greater length .
Boston 's Mayor Tom ` Mumbles ' Menino wanted this film banned in Boston and this is the first time I would heartily support that Puritanical ethic . The end would have justified the means .
I like `` Aqua Teen Hunger Force '' as it 's meant to be taken : in small , under-15-minute spurts .
There is n't ` getting . ' You do n't ` get ' Aqua Teen Hunger Force . You either accept its insanity , or it makes your head explode . It 's , you know , a faith thing .
A massive collection of absurdist non sequiturs and deadpan pauses , which , depending on your tastes -LRB- and possibly your affinity for mind-altering drugs -RRB- , are either the stuff of comic genius or proof that the world has stopped making sense entirely .
Crudely animated , tasteless , and totally pointless , which I 'm sure the filmmakers would say is the point .
Aqua Teen Hunger Force tends toward arch silliness more than actual humor , a formula that 's tolerable enough in 15-minute tube installments but deadly dull in this 86-minute feature .
If you 're not among the Aqua Teen hard core , the aggressive dumbness wears out its welcome about five minutes after the lights go down .
This feature-length expansion offers a diverting package of surreal , rude stoner - and pop culture-based humor that will delight youthful viewers while bewildering stray elders .
Aqua Teen Hunger Force Colon Movie Film for Theaters is a work of either a profoundly transgressive genius or a goofball high on Pez and patio sealant .
The movie version of Aqua offers pretty much the same surreal , gross , half-baked antics as the TV version , and that 's just not enough .
If it 's possible for a movie to be almost unwatchable yet completely hilarious , Aqua Teen Hunger Force comes close to realizing that dream .
By the end , you may feel as if you 've been ballroom dancing with a live , exposed electric guitar cord for an hour and a half . At peak performance , it 's wired , chaotic madness .
The film cheerfully dispenses with sanity , logic and coherence , but it 's put across with irresistible energy . Once you 're aboard this water slide of lunacy , all you can do is surrender to its complete , engulfing weirdness and enjoy yourself .
In short bursts of late-night TV , ATHF is cramp-inducingly funny . Stretched over 87 minutes , it 's too much to bear . Fast food cures the munchies but makes for a terrible diet .
The big question for fans is does Aqua Teen Hunger Force have enough gags and giggles to translate to 86 minutes on the big screen ? And the answer is ... yeah , sort of , well , maybe . ...
If that does n't sound like your cup of soda , it probably is n't , and even Aqua Teen aficionados may find that , like fast-food itself , the demented brainchildren of co-creators Matt Maiellaro and Dave Willis work best when consumed in small portions .
... conjures up the surreal adolescent daydreams of stuffy high-school classrooms . You might as well be watching the doodling in some kid 's notebook come to life .
Ultimately , this is just another episode of a TV series that only a small segment of the population knows about . But , hey , at least it 's a funny episode .
The plot ca n't be summarized : Let 's just say that crazy s -- happens , and occasionally , you laugh .
Succeed -LSB- s -RSB- enough of the time to make a perversely entertaining movie .
The Boston cops had it wrong : the promotional gizmos put up in public places to advertise this movie were n't bombs , it 's the picture itself that 's one .
The most unbearable and unwatchable movie experience I 've had this year .
You have to give these guys this much : They remained true to their twisted vision , and that 's exciting to see .
Narrative 's beside the point in a movie created by two guys who gorge on pop culture 's high-fat diet and regurgitate it into something approaching ... art ? Close enough .
If George W Bush could prove that Saddam Hussein had funded this movie I would reverse my stance on the Iraq War and say that every single civilian casualty was justified .
A second viewing with a joint in hand awaits to determine if it 's the worst movie ever made or a fierce act of movie-film revolution .
Works wonderfully when taking potshots at pop culture and not so well when it tries to make sense . Luckily , it does n't try do that very often .



@highlight

The non sequitur humor of Aqua Teen Hunger Force will surely appeal to its built-in fanbase , but for the uninitiated , the premise wears thin .