Krampus actually gets darker as the movie progresses , ending on a note left open to interpretations either jovial or depressing , depending on your viewpoint
It 's deviously satirical , entertaining , fun and - best of all - brisk .
If it were n't for Koechner blustering about with his rifle and the gingerbread men finding a nail gun , this film would be about as bland as a month-old fruitcake .
A little of that Christmas spirit that it talks about could have saved it from mediocrity .
Krampus is n't a nuanced movie in terms of character development , but the film does deliver a few narrative surprises that keep audiences on their toes .
If you need a fresh addition to your Christmas horror movie marathons ... then Krampus will do the trick .
As Christmas miracles for horror fans go , this is one stocking stuffer certain to be enjoyed for many years to come .
The narrow population of people who sincerely like the holidays but also enjoy making fun of them , and responds well to movie monsters has a new piece of essential seasonal viewing .
For an example of how not to blend genres , look to Krampus , which fuses horror , comedy and the Christmas feelgood movie into one lumpy festive package .
A woefully misguided horror effort ...
Conjuring up the tongue-in-cheek malevolence of Gremlins , family horror-comedy Krampus unleashes a cloven-hoofed monster and his evil minions upon a squabbling American family .
I loved how director Dougherty played with conventions and inherent lunacy of Christmas .
-LSB- Its -RSB- monsters are a wondrous mix of practical and computer-generated effects , ever-captivating as they plague a suburban family trying to celebrate the Holidays .
Michael Dougherty 's Krampus ... is still a perfectly suited and crafted holiday-horror entry that manages to serve up just enough comedic darkness and gritty tension to keep audiences satisfied .
It 's fun . Usually . With a super cast . But it 's no Silent Night , Deadly Night 2 .
Krampus is far less successful in navigating this space between self-awareness and smug self-reference .
The chaotic visual design -- flashing lights , swirling snow -- too often makes the film tough on the eyeballs .
You will enjoy its dark humor and the creative take on traditional elements of the Christmas and horror tropes . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Original in every way and it also keeps all the elements of a Christmas film with a high dose of horror . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It wo n't be for those whose get genuinely scared at The Nightmare Before Christmas , but if you 're into horror flicks , this is a great way to kick off the season .
If this black-comedy horror had had more deep , dark laughs and less drawn-out , what 's - around-the-corner horror , it could have been a helliday cult-classic contender . The movie loses too much of its satirical spirit .
A modern fable set during what 's supposed to be the happiest time of the year , Michael Dougherty 's Krampus is a wondrously twisted take on the Christmas season that confidently blends scares and good-hearted cheer , making for a new holiday classic .
The humor works better than the horror here - indeed , any seasoned viewer of horror movies wo n't find this remotely frightening . Still , Krampus is entertaining , with a decent message and a solid ending .
The mix of comedy and violence gives an original movie . But there lies one of its big problems , does not define the genre and by that its audience . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
We 've got a new anti-Christmas classic on our hands -- Gizmo and his fellow gremlins would be proud .
Based on ancient mythology , this Christmas horror movie has a gleefully nasty attitude that makes it entertaining even if it is n't properly frightening .
The movie drips with excitement . It looks good , moves rapidly , and keeps us eager for the next twist .
It fails to make the liminal space between cute and nasty its own .
Even though the movie starts very strong , in the end it takes the easy way out to please audiences . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The movie is perverse , entertaining , and has very funny characters . It might also make some people uncomfortable with its exaggerated situations . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Outrageous and devilishly fun , this film is a combination of ` Gremlins ' & ` Christmas Vacation . '
A flawed but decent enough piece of holiday nastiness .
Dougherty 's film sustains itself for retelling a little known legend in a lighthearted tone . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's the kind of thing that only really worked when it was Gremlins .
Krampus is a toothless film on several levels .
Krampus is the gift that keeps on creeping .
Krampus recalls the magic of Poltergeist , making monsters out of mundane objects , embedding the otherworldly in the everyday .
The problem with Krampus is that it takes itself far too seriously to really sell its comic aspects . You ca n't blame the overqualified cast for playing it straight ; that 's what one is supposed to do in these movies .
It 's boisterous and inventive , with a great sense of fun that 's manifest in several wry setpieces .
Forget the horror - Krampus is a sentimental Christmas movie first .
Friends , this movie 's content is PG-13 , but it has the cold , black soul of an R.
Not an outright disaster by any means , but neither is this seasonal horror picture anything to get excited about .
Teeters down the line between `` Why not ? '' and `` Why bother ? ''
Krampus is ultimately that rare thing -- a potentially really good movie undone by one glaring Achilles heel .
A devilishly entertaining nightmare that explores what happens when too many people in one family end up on the Naughty List .
An enjoyable Christmas horror comedy , but one that never quite goes far enough over the top .
There 's no mythological weight behind this flick 's anti-Santa . This is more like a standard slasher horror , its baddie on a rampage of arbitrary carnage .
Those who fancy a bit of hellfire on their Christmas pudding will find this a welcome respite from the seasonal diet of intestine-clogging goo .
Dougherty is going for a mid - '80s / Robert Zemeckis/Joe Dante/Tales from the Crypt type of presentation , and he did a damn good job of it .
Krampus is at its best when the various creatures are doing their thing , but the human counterparts do n't fare nearly as well .
I felt like it succeeded much more at being a horror/comedy than a spooky story about the dangers of Holiday cynicism .
This more-naughty-than-nice bit of skewered holiday horror offers at most a sporadically amusing , but utterly ephemeral , dose of Christmas cheer .
Fast-paced , yet frostbitten , it 's neither scary nor funny .
It all leads up to a noisy , overdone climax ... but only leaves you hoping for another onslaught from those twisted versions of that show-stealing cookie from Shrek .
next to the spine-chilling prospect of a drunken aunt and a brother-in-law with survivalist tendencies , a carnivorous jack-in-the-box is a piece of marzipan stollen
The film mixes in some pretty good jump scares with dark comedy and lets its surprisingly good cast do much of the heavy lifting . -LRB- Full Content Review - Sex , Violence , Profanity , etc. - for Parents also available -RRB-
The fact we care at all about the outcome is a testament to the actors , and only the actors . But buried beneath the Christmas clutter is a much better movie .
Krampus is n't as clever or scary as Christmas horror/comedies past , but provides enough kitschy fun for those craving a darker holiday yarn .
It has enough personality and ambition that it could easily become an annual tradition for those who prefer `` Silent Night , Deadly Night '' to `` It 's a Wonderful Life . ''
I am deeply amused by just how much of an actual Grinch Dougherty seems to be .
Krampus is undoubtedly slight , but it 's also a lot of fun as it rails creatively against the warm fuzziness of most cinematic Christmas fare .
There have been a lot of comparisons to Gremlins already and I can go along with them to a point - Krampus has the same kind of vibe .
Shocks and jumps come thick and fast , but rather than relying on cheap thrills , Krampus embraces its silliness and takes the audience on a hugely entertaining ride .
Although there are some amusing moments here and there and a couple of nicely effective scary bits , it is never quite as darkly funny nor as frightening as it would like to be ...
While it may not be for everyone , this could be the new addition to your annual seasonal viewing .
There might be an interesting horror film and a campy comedy to be made about the folklore of Krampus , but Dougherty 's awkward amalgamation is neither of them .
The movie sends mixed messages . It 's hard , but gooey , too . Trick ' r Treat showed that Dougherty has a mean streak -LRB- with wit -RRB- , but with Krampus , he 's clearly been charged with delivering a wide-appeal PG-13 film .
It definitely could have been better , but can we really gripe about a Christmas movie about a vengeful goat monster from the underworld ?
When it comes to Krampus , you 'd better watch out .
-LSB- T -RSB- here might be one or two too many shifts between these tones -- of comedy , of terror , of sentimentality -- for the movie to hold up as a whole .
Dougherty harks back to the 80s and early 90s with gleeful abandon , lovingly paying homage to Joe Dante , Steven Spielberg and John Hughes along the way and it 's a whole heap of bloody fun .
Though there 's nothing particularly scary , especially for even a moderately seasoned horror fan , there are a handful of eerie practical special effects , and while you 're in the middle , it 's fun .
The horror scenes are the stuff of nightmares , and they do n't gibe with easy jokes about alcoholic aunts spiking hot chocolate or Red State types making global warming gaffes .
If it was campy , it might have been good .
A curious creature feature that 's more unwanted gift than surprise package .
Thanks to inspired creature effects , strong performances and a perfect balance between laughs and scares , Krampus deserves to become a perennial Christmas horror classic .
There is something devilishly fun about pictures such as Krampus , to ridicule this perceived notion of joy and wildly contradict it .
Too many obnoxious relatives , evil critters and weak gags at the expense of fat kids and foul-mouthed old ladies .
`` Krampus '' does n't overwhelm like it could , but it does hit a few genre sweet spots with real imagination .
It 's difficult to imagine any children over the age of , say , 10 being scared by this movie . -LRB- The resentment of grownups talked into accompanying them to see it is easier to envision . -RRB-
A wickedly good big-screen Christmas offering . As far as mass-market studio horror goes , there has n't been anything quite like this in some time -- a movie unafraid to be quirky , goofy , forlorn , magical and spine-tingling all at once .
A dark little treat for those already bracing themselves for an excess of Christmas cheer .
For the more seasoned viewer , this may not be terribly scary , but there are thrills aplenty that will please fans looking for a bit of a ride .
Lurches between treacle and terror as it stumbles toward a too-easy ending .
If you love Gremlins but do n't feel like rewatching Gremlins , consider Krampus a worthwhile diet caffeine-free alternative .
Krampus , when he eventually shows his cards , is a dark delight , but this film has more to offer than a single monster . .
It 's nowhere near as good as many of the films it so wants to be positioned next to , but it 's nasty enough to leave an impression .
We get some cheap gags about fat inlaws and nasty cousins ; then Krampus arrives and suddenly it 's all straight scares about psycho elves . The two moods never combine .
At the center of the film is a conservative lesson that asks us to unquestioningly abide by society 's capitalistic impulses .
A darkly funny Christmas film that features some solid laughs , playful set pieces and a fantastic use of practical effects .
Krampus is n't especially scary , but it generates goodwill nonetheless for treating its home-invasion-for-the-holidays setup with an appreciably straight face .
While the violent sequences are very effectively staged , the results are a strange hybrid that does n't quite work .
Krampus is sure to satisfy horror and comedy fans alike . Consider it another good Christmas movie staple to add to your collection .
No matter his impressive appearance , however , -LSB- Krampus is -RSB- a rather ho-hum villain whose negligible personality and flair means that even the climactic pay-offs fall flat .
The family members are outlined as mostly repellent characters . And so , when the evil Santa monster -LRB- hoofs , horns , chains , beard -RRB- eventually comes calling , we 're positively cheering him on , begging him to finish them off .
It 's not the disaster that may be implied by the lack of pre-release reviews or the last minute embargo , but nor is it a new holiday classic .
Krampus feels like a movie in crisis , stuck between lampooning the holiday movies it 's riffing on and embracing them with earnest , open arms .
Michael Dougherty has another holiday horror hit on his hands in Krampus , a film packed with gleeful Christmas carnage , sweet sentiments , and a few mischievous minions who bring our tinsel-covered nightmares to life .
This is a Christmas film with an enjoyably barbed edge .
Krampus is a merry Christmas horror film that takes no prisoners but should hold willing audiences captive .
This very capable cast has absolutely no wit to work with in a screenplay co-written by Dougherty .
Krampus nails the setup and delivers a satisfying second act that both makes sense and throws some nice curves .
Krampus may be the feel-bad movie of the holiday season , but its horrors come gift-wrapped in a surprisingly attractive package .
Krampus is the real deal : a great Christmas movie and a great horror movie , gruesome but loving , naughty but nice .

@highlight

Krampus is gory good fun for fans of non-traditional holiday horror with a fondness for Joe Dante 's B - movie classics , even if it does n't have quite the savage bite its concept calls for .