If you need to care even a little about the characters or stakes in order to have fun watching a movie , then you 're in for a disappointment here .
This is a film completely from the hearts of the Wachowskis , blending science fiction with themes straight out of children 's fairy tales , and told with some of the most stunning visual designs this side of the asteroid belt .
A very bad movie that is if nothing else , entertaining in its awfulness
Sprawling and over-long as it is , this is a movie with a good heart and a sense of humour .
Somewhere in this overlong and over-elaborate mess of a space opera , there is a story begging to emerge , if only the Wachowski siblings would let it show itself .
Make no mistake : Eddie Redmayne is profoundly terrible in Jupiter Ascending .
A gaudy and chaotic guilty pleasure , the movie is as relentlessly -LRB- simultaneously ? -RRB- over-done and under-cooked as I expected .
But if you want to be entertained by pretty pictures and wildly talented actors at their loudest possible setting , Jupiter Ascending has your number .
Unlike the Coens , the Wachowskis ' private dreams have a grandiosity that demands huge budgets they can only justify by drawing huge audiences . How long can they keep getting money by making movies like this one ?
Despite its visual beauty , Jupiter Ascending it 's more exhausting than captivating . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The most disappointing aspect of Jupiter Ascending is , surprisingly , its action sequences .
Eight-to-ten-year-olds and beyond might well find this enjoyable in its spectacular and soulless way .
The finer plot details of this film can not be approached without laughter : it 's a pretentious , grandiose mess , packed with tiresome special effects that at least distract from the dreadful dialogue .
` Jupiter Ascending ' is a thematic cornucopia of ` Star Wars/Trek/Gate , ' ` The Matrix , ' ` Predator , ' ` Wolf , ' even ` Turbo ' -LRB- the snail cartoon -RRB- , and at least seven more .
The storytelling is clumsy , the characters are befuddling , and the Wachowskis ' action sequences - once so graceful and thrilling - are ugly , noisy , and worst of all , boring .
Given the ambitions the Wachowskis have shown in the Matrix films and Cloud Atlas , this is rather retrograde as both filmmaking and storytelling , but there is a charge to their pulp sci-fi paperback cover come to life .
Jupiter Ascending fails to offer its audiences anything other than a one-dimensional and disappointingly regressive visual saga of sci-fi fantasy and 1950s pulp .
The longer it goes on the worse it gets , which is a shame , because no one conjures up mindblowing architectural galactic worlds like the Wachowskis .
A work of great vision without much clarity , drunk on possibility to the point that it inevitably crumples into a heap in the corner .
The growing attraction between Caine and Jupiter does n't get much time to blossom though.Because they spend so much time running from one scene to the next , there is n't much space of characters to grow or unfold into anything compelling .
While Kunis is an adorable actress and has much charm to contribute to the film , neither she nor the well-intentioned Tatum are convincing as superheroes .
While problematic in sections , Jupiter Ascending delivers on its promise .
There are a lot of great ideas struggling to find their way out of this misshapen hulk of a film .
Jupiter Ascending feels like some sweatshop-factory assembly of tidbits vaguely recalled from the last 40 years of fantasy , adventure , and sci-fi movies , and hoarded into a forcible orgy of mostly joyless cosplay .
It may fall well short of being a meaningful sci-fi classic , but Jupiter Ascending is a campy visual sci-fi spectacle that could very well become a cult classic .
An empty viewing experience , that promised much and delivered little .
It does seem like the Wachowskis are much more in tune with aliens than they are with their own earthling kinfolk .
Jupiter Ascending is my first guilty pleasure of the year , and like a Snickers bar , it 's deliciously gooey and nutty at the same time .
Jupiter Ascending is kind of goony and more than a little cheesy . But it has some absolutely spectacular highs , including an astonishingly complicated chase over and through Chicago that seems like the reason IMAX 3D was invented .
The seamless rendering of winged giant lizard henchmen and ornate spiracle space stations conjures up a transporting spectacle of wonderment that goes far to paint over the film 's bland , derivative blemishes .
The effects are good . The film is well shot . But the performances are awful .
It 's a decent idea that was overwhelmed by excess story and excess effects . Jupiter may be ascending , but its audience will leave shrugging .
by its second half Jupiter Ascending abandons big , crazy ideas for a default mode of repetitive action sequences , losing along the way both its distinctive weirdness and the viewer 's attention .
Is Jupiter Ascending a good film ? It 's practically impossible to tell . For all its abundant insanity , it 's never anything less than watchable .
Channing Tatum plays a flying wolfman from space , and yet this film is , somehow , boring .
Another two hours hanging out in the Wachowskis ' world . There 's a groovy , multicultural , pansexual vibe where all are welcome and the deliberately artificial visuals are to die for .
Jupiter Ascending is a gigantic , soulless misfire from the Wachowskis , bringing with it a nonsensical plotline and characters that are in desperate need of development .
Jupiter Ascending is like the cantina scene in Star Wars . It 's a mixed bag of creatures , concepts and characters .
It 's simply movie hooey , but if you 're up for a space epic and your expectations are low , Jupiter Ascending delivers for a while , then uses big battles to coast to an ending .
Memo to Wachowskis : If you must load your script with bizarre names and concepts , do n't let your actors mumble and whisper , and do n't drown them out with music and explosions .
Thankfully though , there is enough originality in here to please hardcore sci-fi fans .
By the time Caine 's gone back for the girl for the nth time , smashing through mega-buildings much like the story keeps razing any depth or profundity , you 'll feel like telling one of the writer-directors , `` Hey , your movie 's Descended Into Uranus . ''
Aggressively dull and terribly paced .
I hope this noble failure does n't see the Wachowskis deprived of future funding , because ambitious failure is at least worth talking about .
I kind of had a tepidly good time in `` Jupiter Ascending . '' It won me over in the same way that bag of tater tots in the freezer wins you over : it has its own freezer-burned charm .
It lacks the special-effects advancements , entertaining performances , and existential cool that made -LSB- the Wachowskis ' -RSB- breakthrough success such a milestone .
An utterly gorgeous visual delight , and it has some enjoyably goofy moments , managing to throw in some left-leaning , anti-elitism socio-economic subtext for good measure .
It 's the kind of stuff that one can imagine working on the page in 1950 , but its visual incarnation via CGI and elaborate production design results in overload
You 'd have to be craving something highly specific and more than a little freaky to be in the mood for Jupiter Ascending , the latest multi-million-dollar weird-fest from the Wachowski siblings , Andy and Lana .
It 's so intricately designed , so expensive looking and so obviously inaccessible to general audiences that its very existence is a miracle .
The Wachowski siblings ' sprawling , mega-sized , enjoyably loopy space lark .
Fast , frequently teetering on the cusp of the ridiculous , and eye-poppingly pretty , Jupiter Ascending is a wicked slice of entertainment , and a heck of an antidote to the typical February box-office blahs .
Directors Lana and Andy Wachowski excel at creating fantastic new worlds lurking under the surface of our own , but in Jupiter Ascending , they 've overstuffed the turkey with too many tangents and false endings .
With just a few script tweaks , this long , dull and downright bizarre bore-a-thon could have been more aptly named Uranus Numbing .
Openly loves the corny nonsense it 's referencing and wants to bring it to breathtakingly gorgeous life with all of the money the Wachowskis could spirit away .
Obsession with reincarnation , blurry gender lines , alternate realities , and new modes of action are just some of the reasons that its diversions are where its at . They 're baked into the movie 's DNA , even as the screenplay tries to follow familiar tropes .
Where were the Guardians of the Galaxy when we needed them ? If only they had prevented the disastrous atrocity that is `` Jupiter Ascending '' from infiltrating Earth 's movie theaters before it was too late !
Jupiter Ascending leaves so numb that you 'll have pins and needles .
You get an awful lot of movie for your sixteen - or whatever - bucks with The Wachowski 's Jupiter Ascending , a crazy , fun , infuriating , difficult , fun , bonkers , expensive , fun , ludicrous , romantic , fun flick .
The film is deeply cynical about its special effects , which are employed to deter us from the poor script and performances .
I still do n't know what Jupiter Ascending is about but , wow , what a ride .
It is the shaggiest of the Wachoski 's shaggy dogs .
Basically , it 's Cinderella , complete with sparkly dresses and a magical sky person telling poor Cinders she is actually very special . Truly awful .
Baffling ... -LRB- but -RRB- a cult classic in waiting .
While the visuals dazzle , the storyline never grabs hold .
Never predictable in when it will stun the senses or bore you into submission .
You can literally feel the sloppy , all-encompassing and not always rational love that its creators have for the material , and their desire to offer up something new is deeply engaging .
The scale and visuals of this high concept sci-fi spectacle are as extraordinary as the plot is confusing , but you have to hand it to the Wachowskis , in their creation of Jupiter Ascending , there is no shortage of imagination
Like a gonzo , gazillion-dollar mash-up of ` Plan Nine From Outer Space ' and ` Guardians of the Galaxy ' steered by a committee of 13-year-old boys hyped on an all-weekend ` Star Wars ' / ` Star Trek ' marathon and fueled by Mountain Dew and Pixy Sticks .
Part Cinderella wish-fulfillment fairy tale and part corporate-culture critique : Humankind is simply ` a resource waiting to be converted into capital , ' sneers villainous Eddie Redmayne .
A muddled fantasy pours on the visual stimulation
It 's as if the Wachowskis saw what Thor got away with -LRB- silly aliens , dynastic rivalries , re-writing the history of earth , elaborate mythologies , and enough Freud to confuse you for a lifetime -RRB- and said , `` Hey , we want to do that . ''
Alas , it 's a bit too earthbound .
A Wachowski film now , more and more , belongs to that subset of sci-fi embarrassments that go for broke and mistake speculative fiction for costume pageants .
Since this is a Wachowski offering , the visuals are frequently stunning in an overwhelming manner , and scene after scene is quite entertaining . There is a problem , though , with the casting .
We 've all been waiting around for them to give us another Matrix , but as the last 15 years-15 years ! - have ground on , it has becoming increasingly clear that they learned the wrong lesson from that movie 's success .
The movie features so many royal machinations , it could be the pilot for an SF rival to `` Game of Thrones . '' Along with all that plot , the Wachowskis offer exactly one idea .
It 's big . It 's goofy . It 's highly imaginative . It has a little something on its mind . And it 's fun . In other words , it 's a film from the Wachowskis .
To the extent we still demand rich characters and sensible plotting , the Wachowskis ' latest is a few planets short of a galaxy .
The Wachowskis have seldom disappointed but frequently bewildered with their varied choices and willingness to experiment within the Hollywood big budget formula , which makes Jupiter their strangest concoction yet - a purely conventional one .
A lot of people spent a lot of time and a lot of money making a lot of movie , but there 's not much there .
Stunning images , silly story .
The movie as a whole has a generic , lazy quality to it . Which is shocking , considering the source . Even Cloud Atlas was far more ambitious than this .
This joyless , twisted tale of royal interstellar intrigue looks gorgeous on the screen , but the story stalls out and falls flat . The story gets tangled up in convoluted plot twists and half-revealed schemes that choke the life out of it .
A film that begins with the line , `` tonight the sky is full of miracles '' is downhill from there .
The Wachowskis create a churning , swooping C.G.I. universe that 's decorated to the corners of the frame without taste or imagination .
Jupiter Ascending vibrates like an episode of Star Wars retold by a teenager on Red Bull , a cacophony of nonsense that peaks with poor Sean Bean telling us that `` bees are genetically designed to recognise royalty '' .
One wild , wacky mess of a movie .
Everything about this movie is overcooked . The sets are overdesigned , the action is over scored and the mythology overworked .
When it comes to bonkers , overcooked , overambitious sci-fi , writer/directors Andy and Lana Wachowski really are in a world of their own .
Jupiter Ascending can be visually engaging at times , but its storyline is tiresome and its special effects are more cluttered than Transformers . Its more of a motivational video for janitors than a satisfying piece of entertainment .
Jupiter Ascending is a fascinating and beautiful movie that might have a problem connecting with the average filmgoer , and that 's a shame .
A girl from the `` projects '' would rather stay put than be the hereditary Queen of a bunch of planets including Earth . Reincarnation gets a slap in the face . The reconstituted Queen hates her kids .
You have to hand it to the Wachowskis , even when they do n't quite pull it off , they fail in new and interesting ways .
A cosmic misfire : spectacular to look at but spectacularly silly ... Mila Kunis goes from scrubbing toilets in Chicago to being hailed queen of the universe but the movie goes right down the pan .
There 's actually a seed of a good idea buried in Jupiter Ascending ... But the entire project suffers from a severe case of overkill , with the Wachowskis offering too much arid exposition and too many artless explosions .
Inanely scripted and flamboyantly directed , it 's a preposterous cinematic disaster - with vivid , eye-popping visual effects more suited to video games .
It 's a high-minded exercise in spectacle over substance that winds up getting lost in space .
Do n't even get me started on the aliens , many of whom would have been turned away from the cantina door in Mos Eisley .
Jupiter Ascending is a baffling mix of material that is both impressively innovative , and utterly ridiculous .
Jupiter Ascending ... is a visually stunning space opera that will remind you of Guardians of the Galaxy set in a sci-fi version of the Game of Thrones universe ... -LSB- or -RSB- sort of Maleficent and Star Wars combined in superhero genre form .
Redmayne 's farcical grandiosity harkens back to science-fiction serials of the 1930s , but unfortunately so does Jupiter 's passivity throughout the film .
For all the elaborate backstory , nothing feels particularly original , and the Wachowskis struggle to find a coherent tone , with the jokey segments mostly falling flat .
Tatum , Kunis , Redmayne and the rest of the space kids gang are pawns on a chess board . Thankfully , Bobby Fischer is moving the pieces .
Two years from now , when you 're home with the flu and it pops up on cable , you may well kill two hours watching it . That 's really the only circumstance under which this ridiculous mess is likely to be acceptable .
Jupiter Ascending is inane from first frame to last - the dialogue is so clunky , I wondered if George Lucas had been brought in to do the rewrite .
There are rat-faced or bat-winged minions for cosplay geeks , and Tatum shirtless much longer than necessary for Magic Mike fans . Jupiter Ascending has something for everyone and nobody at the same time . Could be worse . Could be Cloud Atlas .
Upon exiting , my wearied delight with Jupiter Ascending coexisted with pure bafflement . But I exited knowing that I 'd seen a movie no other filmmaker could have made .
This sci-fi-inflected fantasy has many a wince-worthy romantic exchange between stars Channing Tatum and Mila Kunis .
This movie often plays like a super-expensive , 21st-century version of one of those `` Star Wars '' knockoffs made around 1980 by people who were n't George Lucas .
This self-indulgent , stupid and most unsatisfying feature will quickly descend into the realm of historic cinematic turkeys .
The only reason to see this movie is to watch the 3-D and the special effects but , good as they are , they are certainly not worth 127 minutes trapped in a theater with Channing Tatum and this story .
Is there now enough evidence to support the idea that -LSB- The Matrix 's -RSB- pop brilliance , its kinetic-yet-smartly-allegorical storytelling , was an anomaly ?
Jupiter Ascending suffers from stupid . And deja vu . And a lack of discipline . And filmmakers who either ca n't make another good film -- let alone a great one -- or do n't care to .
There 's an escapist summertime space opera buried here somewhere , but Jupiter Ascending 's surface is not nearly entertaining enough to encourage us to look for it .
The script is fraught with cheesy lines and more than a few embarrassingly stupid moments .
`` Jupiter Ascending '' is a planet-sized dud .
The film gets sabotaged by overly long battle scenes , and an unconvincing love story .
A wonderful screensaver of a movie .
Jupiter Ascending 's early cleverness dries up quickly , especially when Kunis is offscreen , leaving us with just another incoherent sci-fi spectacle .
It might become a midnight cult favorite a few years down the road , when its inherent awfulness reaches it 's - so-bad-it 's - good status .
Perilously close to being `` The Space Princess Diaries . ''
This kind of pandering FX padding , unnurtured by humor or heart , is what shifts Jupiter Ascending from a shambles to a fiasco . The Wachowskis wind up where you never expected to find them creatively : on the ropes .
Likely to go down as one of Hollywood 's costliest and biggest messes . -LRB- Full Content Review -- Sex , Profanity , Violence , etc. -- for Parents also available -RRB-
In spite of Andy and Lana Wachowski employing enough effects and CGI artists to populate a mid-sized city , Jupiter Ascending does more descending than ascending .
Dear Diary , Channing Tatum is soooo cute . I wish he 'd play a werewolf and fight vampires and wear eyeliner and no shirt .
Filmmaking siblings Lana and Andy Wachowski never do anything by halves . The Matrix was a genre-changing blockbuster followed by two head-scratching sequels that ramped everything up a bit too much .
It feels like the Wachowskis got bored halfway through their world building and thought they could distract viewers by having Channing Tatum take off his shirt , shoot things and fly around on magic boots for two thirds of the movie .
Tatum looks ready for Star Trek night at Magic Mike 's
Jupiter Ascending sure looks nice , but beyond that it 's an incomprehensible mess of a story and certainly the last big-budget gasp for the Wachowskis .
Exhaustingly awful ...
Warner Bros. has this critic 's approval to use my quote in Jupiter Ascending 's ad campaign : ` It 's not as gloriously awful as feared . '
Why do people keep giving The Wachowskis money to make movies ?!?!?!?
Call it an epic , or an opus , even an opera , just do n't call it good science fiction . ... a schlocky movie that has more in common with THE ICE PIRATES than 2001 : A SPACE ODYSSEY .
The only things likely to ascend during the Wachowskis ' latest sci-fi soap opera will be your eyes , which may actually swivel in exasperation up and over , allowing you to see your own brain .
This film does n't live up to its potential to be this year 's great big stupid movie joke because , well , it 's all rather enjoyable . Intentionally enjoyable .
A beautiful muddle from The Matrix-making Wachowski siblings .
A big , woozy , spacey fairy tale with a science-fiction exoskeleton and a core of pure mush .
You can feel the Wachowskis trying to inject a sense of humor into `` Jupiter Ascending . '' But too often the laughs derive from unintentional self-parody related to the grandiose over-reach of the Wachowskis ' `` world-building . ''
`` Technically , I 'm an alien , '' Mila Kunis voice-overs , by way of introduction to this epically kitschy space opera ...
It 's a drive-in B-movie delight dressed up in full-blown feature finery .
Make no mistake : Jupiter Ascending is superficially big and goofy and ostentatious . The movie seems too afraid to truly express those qualities , though .
only thing that could make Magic Mike more desirable to women is to turn him into a dog with eagle wings .
A beautiful mess better suited for the silent film era where annoyances like plot and a comprehensive script would n't be nearly as problematic .
`` Royal bowels '' are n't the only thing that stinks in this terrible sci-fi film .
Often downright silly , even snicker-worthy . It is over the quota for just-in-time saves ... And yet , it is fun and there are even a few moments that are shrewdly conceived .
It 's bold , silly , and messy , but it 's sincere ... You get the feeling the Wachowskis do n't care if it makes money , that they 'll happily spin their adventure yarns for whoever will listen .
A grab-bag of things Wachowski , Jupiter Ascending is short of anything new . On its own terms , it 's an entertaining action film that does n't overstay its welcome . But it 's less than we expected .
The universe that the writers-directors have created is so numbingly complex that keeping track of what is going on can cause headaches .
This unwieldy space opera is huge in scale and spectacle but thin on story .
A movie so jaw-droppingly awful that you ca n't wait to see what happens next -LRB- and that was without the use of mood-altering substances on my part -RRB- .
While the Wachowskis have not lost their visual flair , the disorganised plot loses your interest very early on .
It would take quite a movie to emerge unscathed from a script which includes the line `` bees are genetically engineered to recognise royalty '' .
A melodramatic space opera that wears its social commentary on its celluloid sleeve .
Jupiter Ascending unfolds as a mostly entertaining mess , a cosmic soup of baroque grandeur that the Wachowskis swim happily through , even if few others will .
I enjoyed this movie more than the last two films from the Wachowskis , the interminable Cloud Atlas and Speed Racer . On the other hand , `` The Matrix '' it 's not .
-LSB- Jupiter Ascending combines -RSB- eye-popping special effects with an eye-rolling script for an experience that is , thankfully , unique .
Watching Jupiter Ascending is like reading a menu of genre munchies at a drive-thru `` B '' movie burger stand .
The credits for `` Jupiter Ascending '' acknowledge nearly 1,600 artists , technicians , visual imagineers , and pixel-pushers who have labored mightily to bring this story to life . Their efforts only reveal the underlying conceptual hollowness .
A theatrical feature that , in a rational universe , would never have been put in production , let alone seen the light of day .
It 's not bad in that fascinating , Wachowskian way-it 's bad in the same way as most bad sci-fi .
Jupiter Ascending routinely seems flummoxed by its own mythology and characters .
For the sake of Neo , Morpheus , the red pill , -LSB- and -RSB- the blue pill ... it would be great to report that the Wachowskis indeed got their groove back . But the only groove they 're going to see is the one on multiplex floors as moviegoers stampede the exits .
Jupiter Ascending comes from a wholehearted and yet misguided place of affection .
a camp cult classic in the making
A swollen , strangulated film , a mad mishmash of the past 40 years in science fiction that has a half-wolf soldier played by Channing Tatum find and guard Mila Kunis ' maid-turned-galactic-monarch Jupiter Jones .
Just to get everything in , `` Jupiter Ascending '' frequently has to stop dead for a character to explain something to us that is both complicated and boring .
Few will be sorry to have seen `` Jupiter Ascending . '' The Wachowskis have devised a compelling universe , and if they want to continue exploring it for a sequel or two , well , for once that 's probably a good idea .
There 's simply not enough time to give any of these stories their due , so instead , each one feels abbreviated . Sometimes , during conspicuous editing , you can almost see where more movie was supposed to exist , like a narrative with phantom limbs .
Instead of a cinematic drag queen like the guilty pleasure `` The Fifth Element , '' `` Jupiter Ascending '' is a mutant that 's mostly dog .
Sees no need to engage metaphor or dispense with cliché , so when you have n't seen it before , you ca n't believe what you 're seeing . And not in a good way .
Talk about lost in space .
Provides such a tilted spin on a familiar genre that it 's easy to pardon some of the labored excesses .
A pretty but empty sci-fi bauble that quickly sinks in its derivative foolishness .
The Wachowskis have officially begun cannibalizing their own work .
It feels vitally fresh and exciting . An overload of ideas , energy , ambition and dopey sincerity is always better than a paucity of the same .
The story is laughably inane and uninvolving .
The movie 's a fascinating mess , grand and gaudy , often hilarious .
Stay away , stay away .
At this point , praising the Wachowski siblings as `` creators of The Matrix '' is like pointing to the boozy , pot-bellied ex-quarterback at a 15th reunion and saying , `` Remember that great touchdown pass he threw our senior year ? ''
After half an hour , these magnificent images , each one absolutely worth airbrushing on the side of your creepy van , inspire only droopy eyelids .
For a story that 's made up almost entirely of hogwash , Jupiter Ascending never feels as fun as it should .
Weirdness , exposition , weirdness , exposition , and almost none of it makes a lick of sense . I know I was n't supposed to laughing at Redmayne but oh , I was .
If you still have a sense of wonder with which a popcorn movie like Jupiter Ascending can connect , you 'll have a good time .
Like many fantasy features by the Wachowskis , this is a wonder to behold , full of minutely realized gadgetry , but a chore to follow , full of barely realized characters .
Channing 's vulpine hero pales in comparison to a certain Tatooine farm boy , and even though Jupiter Jones ends up looking strikingly Queen Amidala-ish , this is n't even on par with the universally loathed The Phantom Menace .
For all its valiant attempts to pump some Matrix magic back into science-fiction films , the Wachowskis ' ambitious interplanetary thriller Jupiter Ascending amounts to a lot of recycled hot gas .
May be the Wachowskis ' hottest and messiest hot mess yet . It 's as ambitious as it is absurd . Well , no ... it 's definitely more absurd .
It 's taken 15 years , but the bloated and pitiful Battlefield Earth no longer has to carry the mantle of being the worst big budget science-fiction film of all time .
The plot thickens . The cosmos explodes . The film is gaga and occasionally glorious . Do n't take anyone sensitive to sensory overload .
Lacks the heart and soul , and especially the visual ingenuity the Wachowskis usually bring to their work .
The worst movie the Wachowskis have ever made .
As bad a movie as it is , it 's also a singular event , a monument to strange and bizarre decisions stacked one on top of another . Jupiter Ascending is the Winchester Mystery House of movies .
Jupiter Ascending is only slightly less absurd than Moon Quake Lake , the fake movie within the recent remake of Annie . The difference is that Moon Quake Lake was trying to be ridiculous .
Both bland and bombastic , Jupiter Ascending shows just how far the Wachowskis are descending as storytellers .
Not even Channing Tatum and Mila Kunis are enough to save the Wachowskis ' gnarly , garish space opera .
Jupiter Ascending has nothing under its inane surface apart from a vague portentousness untethered to any real stakes .
If you figure it out , let me know .
The Wachowskis trade their `` Matrix '' magic for the silliest space opera since `` Flash Gordon . ''
Jupiter Ascending is a very special kind of dumb .
`` Jupiter Ascending '' promises a galactic ride full of original , thought-provoking science-fiction , but the problem is that The Wachowskis never manage to get their film into orbit .
A black hole where fun goes to die .
It 's insufficiently silly if anything , and as it wears on it starts to make a kind of sense and even cook . The long stretch where it was barely watchable becomes a distant memory .
What 's sort of remarkable is the way the Wachowskis manage to digest all of their high - and low-brow influences into something like a cohesive worldview .
This movie is worse than bad . Let 's try `` epically awful '' on for size . `` Insanely bloated '' ; that works . Me , I 'll settle for `` just plain silly . ''
A disaster , a spectacular collapse that can be laid at the feet of the Wachowskis , the brother-and-sister team that took a big-budget challenge from Warner Bros. to deliver an original space opera and spent all the money on set design .
A stunning , wildly creative book cover with a mediocre story inside .
From the tedious , exposition-heavy script to the thoroughly bizarre cast trapped in soulless roles , the $ 175-million `` Jupiter Ascending '' is an interesting , albeit clunky , mess until it ceases holding any appeal at all .
Caters to and simultaneously subverts the expectations of both the young adult and hardcore sci-fi/fantasy genres , and emerges victorious over both .
Somewhere between `` wow ! '' and `` huh ? '' resides `` Jupiter Ascending , '' a nifty looking but ultimately joyless thrill ride that solidifies the siblings as the king and queen of overthinking sure things .
Jupiter Ascending feels like a truncated , Cliffs Notes version of something that might have worked a lot better as a mini-series . Two hours is too short for this tale and the end result suffers greatly because of that restriction .
The Wachowskis ' vision has turned out to be kitsch : reheated tales of good v evil and interplanetary conflict , all dressed up in HR Giger-meets-RuPaul couture .
... concludes in a gigantic fireball of insignificance .
Even the best pulp sci fi cover needs to have something to grab you past that first page
-LSB- Jupiter Ascending -RSB- blends astonishing special effects work with plotting that would barely pass muster in a bad Saturday morning episode of Flash Gordon or Mighty Morphin Power Rangers .
Visionaries often lose their way in their own visions . The majority of moviemakers and movies stick to outdated , predictable formulas and conventions . The Wachowskis , on the other hand , are not afraid to strand you early and often in Jupiter Ascending .
... the Wachowskis ' true follow up to the Matrix series
It 's hard to believe that a movie that contains this much exposition could also be this confusing , but it does and it is .
The good news is that Jupiter Ascending is actually not bad . But that 's not the same as being great - or even good .
Even if you adore the idea of the Wachowskis , there comes a point when it would be foolish to deny the disappointing reality . That point has arrived , and the film is called `` Jupiter Ascending . ''
We should expect a little more from the Wachowskis than this .
It 's all very chaotic and entertaining , like a bizarre cult sci-fi TV show that somehow survived a threat of mid-season cancellation .
It is Moonquake Lake .
`` Jupiter Ascending '' is the film equivalent of a baseball slugger unleashing a huge swing and missing .
The Wachowskis have collected their last blank check from The Warner Brothers
Considering some of the sci-fi dreck from Hollywood in the last couple of decades , Jupiter Ascending is n't that bad of a film , just one we have seen before in more interesting ways .
This is wonderfully imaginative when it comes to costume , art direction , special effects , spaceships and incidental alien creatures but stuck with old-hat character types and a resolutely unspecial storyline .
Jupiter Ascending is everything you 'd expect from the siblings ' first trip into orbit , a fun , inventive , visually stunning piece of space opera .
While the universe and lore are notably impressive , Jupiter Ascending does n't quite reach the starry heights it aspires to .
The Wachowskis ' newest science-fiction fantasy is a visual wonder and a big-screen delight , but it suffers from overly complicated storytelling in service of thin characters and redundant action sequences .
It plays out like a convoluted mix of The Princess Diaries meets The Fifth Element , with the siblings blending an overabundance of sci-fi premises and visuals .
Anyone hoping for the old Matrix magic to rematerialize -LRB- it 's been 15 years -RRB- is due for more disappointment .
Without a doubt , Jupiter Ascending can be powerfully intriguing because it 's such an unfiltered , ill-advised misfire , but this long-delayed project is an epic folly that will inspire plenty of snark .
A disappointing step backwards for the Wachowskis , who lose themselves in an over-designed , underdeveloped ` Star Wars ' - style land grab in space .
You have to hand it to Lana and Andy Wachowski : they do n't do things by halves .
Jupiter Ascending might be a bad movie , but at least it 's an entertaining load of old cobblers . This is a hot mess space opera from start to finish .
Imaginative designs , but otherwise a rote CGI blockbuster that takes no chances narratively , cinematically or philosophically .
There is no `` up '' in space , and there is no `` the top '' over which The Wachowskis will not go in Jupiter Ascending , a sci-fi saga that 's convoluted and silly , but also exciting and enthralling over the course of its two-hours-and-change running time .
An over-stimulating , intergalactic odyssey evocative of The Wizard of Oz .
Another `` Chosen One '' story that really feels drawn out and convoluted , crumbling into something tiresome and tedious .

@highlight

Pleasing to the eye but narratively befuddled , Jupiter Ascending delivers another visually thrilling misfire from the Wachowskis .