It 's that breed of verbal swordplay that so impresses on stage while seeming so redundant and brittle on screen .
... Proof seems like no more than a fraction of a cinematic experience , a string of emotional calculations that fails to provide a satisfying solution .
Proof is a smart film , but it tries too hard . It wears its heart on its sleeve , and the pathos becomes a bit much because there is little to balance it out .
A limp , and utterly pointless melodrama that 's never as intelligent as it thinks .
Timid staging faithful adaptation = no cinema
offers a convincing demonstration of the theorem that good writing and sensitive performances can equal an engaging and nuanced piece of cinema .
Madden stages the action with a minimum of imagination and gets a career-worst performance out of Davis in a key role , but the material still sputters to life on the strength of the writing and Paltrow 's commitment to the part .
full review in Greek
As a story about personal and family dysfunction , and about coming to terms with life 's uncertainties , Proof is n't bad .
A subtle , slow-burning mystery that does justice to its themes of identity , sanity and sacrifice .
An elegant adaptation to the screen , with the play 's qualities largely intact and great performances from Paltrow and Hope Davis , as her sister . Jake Gyllenhaal and Anthony Hopkins complete a dream cast .
Proof is something of a puzzle , an all-star drama that has the feel of a Sunday afternoon film . Think curiosity , not must see .
Intense and compelling , Proof is an absorbing film that shows the intricacies of the human mind are as complex as a mathematical equation .
Smart , well-acted , and wonderfully directed .
Sure , the play won the Pulitzer Prize , but that does n't mean it makes a great film , in my opinion . Maybe it just works better on the stage .
We are invited to believe that Hopkins , Paltrow and Gyllenhaal all have , in their various ways , alpha-brains . They look to me like they could n't recite the three-times-table without smoke coming out of their ears .
Paltrow stars as a woman who may or may not be around the twist . Having named her real-life child after a piece of fruit , that 's what I call inspired casting .
... the story reveals a lot less substance than there appears to be .
Sadly , the impact of the clever parallelogram of emotional and philosophical concerns in Auburn and Rebecca Miller 's screenplay is deadened by the director 's overly literal -- mechanical -- cinematic interpretation .
A masterpiece before it reached the screen and maybe the highest praise that can be offered in celebration of this film version is that it remains one .
For patient viewers , it does offer a carefully considered and ultimately inspiring examination of how the need for order and logic is less important than a willingness to embrace chaos .
It 's a quiet kind of triumph . I know no one saw it but I hope more people will .
The argument Proof makes in its cool , sophisticated way is that sometimes it is difficult to clarify the line between insane individual and insane genius .
Madden does a competent job transferring the film from stage to screen .
... `` tasteful '' is probably the operative word for the entire thing . It 's hard to fault anybody 's work here . If there is a problem , it is an insubstantiality in the source material ...
Intelligent and well-realized but lacking much of an emotional charge .
-LSB- A -RSB- n infantile fantasy ... of not just being daddy 's favorite but being chosen , by some mysterious power , to inherit his gift .
A decent film that ... remains married to its words and bound to its limited sets .
Jake Gyllenhaal brings a certain geeky sweetness and enthusiasm to his role as Hal . There 's also genuine chemistry between him and Gwyneth , even if she seems a little too old for him .
Paltrow 's inward performance is of a piece with her stunning work as Sylvia Plath in the biopic Sylvia .
Surrounded by thespians who 've been knighted and married to rock stars , Davis steals the show as the self-absorbed , well-meaning but annoying big sis .
-LRB- John -RRB- Madden and -LRB- Gwyneth -RRB- Paltrow are , once again , simpatico as collaborators .
Paltrow overcomes her ingenue actress image and does a good job with a role of a deeply troubled and perhaps brilliant woman , the daughter of a schizophrenic mathematician who was one of the great lights of modern mathematics .
As with many film adaptations of stage successes , David Auburn 's Pulitzer Prize-winning play about mathematics and madness , Proof , loses something in its translation to celluloid .
... -LRB- Proof -RRB- pushes the story beyond a mere romantic entanglement ... into one of finding -LRB- one 's -RRB- direction and the confidence to pursue it ...
Were it not for Paltrow 's rafter-rattling rages and the occasional engaging moments between Catherine and Hal ... the film could easily serve as cinematic Sominex .
Here 's an interesting , sometimes frustrating , film about who really wrote a mathematical proof and how it affects those involved in the mystery .
Despite a stage-bound script , this story of family politics and mathematical genius is intriguing and fairly involving
Some plays are better left as plays . As my proof , I present PROOF , which is as tedious on the big screen as it probably was gripping in the intimacy of a theater .
Proof offers evidence -- if not proof -- that there 's still intelligent life in the movies .
A melodrama is a melodrama , even if the people in it occasionally announce something like , ` I figured out how to get a lower bound for H. '
Among the startling revelations : Math is precise but life is sloppy .
Although it probably worked a lot better on the stage ... Proof is an intriguing story .
It 's not just that -LSB- Paltrow -RSB- has trouble playing the part of a math genius ; she seems to have trouble at times playing the part of a human being .
You could n't find a role more comfortable for Paltrow , who is at her best , ranging effortlessly from seething anger to trembling tenderness .
-LSB- An -RSB- emotionally rich and honest drama that makes for a quality big-screen experience for demanding grown-ups daring to go back into theatres once the summer 's silly heat has died down .
Less than the sum of its parts .
Unconvincing Proof deflates the mathematical experience through a morose script and a pacing that is melancholic .
The film keeps the answers tantalizingly off-screen for a long time ; they are revealed gradually , through ambiguous flashbacks to Robert 's last days .
Few movies regard the psyche with such sober discernment .
Paltrow played Catherine on stage in London and is at her best here since she last performed under Madden 's direction in Shakespeare in Love .
Despite a great cast and an interesting premise , Proof feels more like an outline for a movie than the real thing .
Many of the very attributes that made David Auburn 's Proof an award-winning stage play hamper it as a film .
The result , like so many stout travellers from stage to screen , is respectable . Stolidly , bloodlessly , yawningly respectable .
Paltrow and Davis give remarkable performances ... -LSB- but -RSB- Hopkins , playing a man dealing with his mental decline , is overly imperious , too much lion and not enough winter .
... Academic subject matter given an emotional treatment .
Madden has assembled some powerhouse talent , and particularly in the second half of the film , he cuts between present and past with a frenzy that ratchets up the suspense of this romantic whodunit .
What was perfectly calibrated and compelling on stage seems mechanical and perfunctory on film .
One wonders how transcendent the film might have been in the hands of a more versatile actress than Paltrow .
Resolutely uncinematic , Auburn 's tale of a maybe mathematics prodigy feels thin and underpopulated . Some plays are better left on the stage .
'm going to make a prediction and you can hold me to it : Gwyneth Paltrow is going to get an Oscar nomination . No ifs ands or buts . She 's going to get one , and she deserves it .
Director John Madden 's emotionally rich , intellectually exciting Proof is a throwback to a time when Pulitzer Prize-winning plays routinely were made into movies .
Once you get past that golden swag and curtain of hair , Paltrow 's performance is devastating , cutting to the pith and marrow of parent-child relations .
The material is formulaic , however cerebral .
Like the best play-to-movie adaptations , it leaves us feeling that we 've had a powerful and enriching theatrical experience .
Miscast yet marvelous , Paltrow and the rest of the cast hold you to the movie , even when you intuitively sense something is lacking .
I liked it better on the stage , though the performances -LRB- especially Paltrow 's -RRB- are exceptional .
Proof plays cleverly with the arcane mysteries of game theory , and if it 's only a game , happily , it 's one worthy of exhibition . -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB-
It 's deep , to be sure , but also light , something that takes a deft touch to pull off successfully . More than anything , it 's good to see Paltrow getting her swerve on again .
Speaking of insane , Madden over-directs himself into a corner and as consistently reliable a filmmaker as he is -LRB- Captain Corelli 's Mandolin and Golden Gate notwithstanding -RRB- this is a great surprise .
Paltrow is pretty commanding , even if Madden pushes things toward airlessness by keeping the camera so tight . The anguish on that lovely , haggard face -- you 're right there with her , yearning for the moment you both can finally breathe .
A respectable but mild , drab little film .
Somewhere in the translation from stage to screen , David Auburn 's powerful Pulitzer Prize-winning play was transformed into a goopy Gwyneth Paltrow movie .
Paltrow gives a coiled , impressively internal performance .
Emotions are built around acts of betrayal never truly felt by the viewer , or that register as phony or overblown .
The play , with all of its key surprises and biting exchanges intact , is up there on the screen . But given the depth and fascinating pull of Auburn 's writing , that 's a good thing .
Crackling good work , emotionally and intellectually interesting and grandly entertaining , saved from pomposity a good deal of the time by its sense of humor .
Proof now joins 1984 's Amadeus , 1985 's made-for-television version of Death of a Salesman and 1988 's Dangerous Liaisons on the list of the best modern movie adaptations of the past 25 years .
Another movie that toys with ideas but forgets to establish a credible atmosphere .
Flattened onto the screen ... everybody always seems to be saying exactly the wrong thing to poor Gwyneth , which gives her the right to be insufferable .
Somehow the formula fails . Almost everyone involved in this production seems to be off their game .
Proof that you can drain most of the juice out of a play and still have an enjoyable night at the movies .
If you know nothing about differential equations or prime number theories , well you 're probably not alone , but it wo n't affect your ability to appreciate this movie .
You get the feeling -LRB- Paltrow -RRB- craves emotionally traumatic scenes in which snot can drip from her character 's nose .
Paltrow is left alone , much like Catherine , suffering and longing for someone - anyone - to come up to her level . No one ever does .
` Proof ' is brilliant enough as a play that even if you only capture SOME of the genius on film , as John Madden has done , you 're still left with a pretty good movie .
The film version is a powerful adaptation with fiery performances , plenty to decipher and enough yelling to give anyone 's brain an ache .
Intelligent middlebrow entertainment with a few juicy roles to feed talented actors .
Blessed with crisp dialogue , bright wit and a strong lead performance .
The story 's emotional stakes are such a grab bag that it 's difficult to feel much urgency about the outcome .
The story 's genial unpretentiousness has been darkened and weighed down , and what 's left is less than prime .
An extraordinary thriller about matters of scholarship and the heart , about the true authorship of a mathematical proof and the passions that coil around it .
A thoughtful , intelligent film about brilliant but troubled people ... works on both an intellectual and an emotional level .
Catherine is an infinitely less convincing version of Arcadia 's girl genius ; the proof is just a MacGuffin ; it runs out of plot and has not one idea in its head .
The graceful discipline of math theory sits in stark contrast to the ugly realities of dementia , a collective contrast crackling with melodramatic vigor .
Strong performances distract from an often convoluted story .
Proof ca n't conjure a single legitimate thread , or an emotion to back it up .
Judging by how it provides its cast with showy moments amidst the sweet little oblique nothings , I 'm guessing that Proof is mostly about winning awards .
Gwyneth Paltrow gives the greatest peformance of her career .
Engaging in a way that math rarely is .
For adults who can appreciate the intellectual qualities as well as the emotional power .
Proof is a stirring motion picture that challenges our views on a great many things about life , some of which we take for granted .
Somewhere between A Beautiful Mind and Wonderboys , we get Proof a very good film that among other things explores the link between youth and genius .
So few movies even attempt to engage viewers in a conversation this deep that I 'm ready to celebrate Paltrow and forgive many of the film 's other flaws .
What theater critics unanimously described as brilliant on stage is oddly flat and unemotional on screen ; instead of being pulled into the piece by the throat , one tends to admire certain aspects of the screenplay from a considerable emotional distance .
Those who did n't see the theatrical production -LRB- myself among them -RRB- might be left wondering if the material looked this phony on stage .
While scrupulously intelligent , literate , and sardonically funny , John Madden 's reportedly faithful adaptation of David Auburn 's Broadway hit never quite breaks free enough of its theatrical origins to feel like a bona fide film .
Proof is like its own page of badly done math homework . It shows all work , all right . But it feels cribbed from an answer sheet . And it never proves a thing .
PROOF will put a lot of viewers right back where they left off in 12th-grade calculus : asleep .
Too much of this adaptation of David Auburn 's Pulitzer Prize-winning play feels static , staged and largely unbelievable .
Although she tends to get actressy in her work , Paltrow 's Catherine is a believable portrait of loss and grief .
When it counts , Proof wins points for subtlety and keeping its answers closer to the chest .
The freedom film affords has allowed Auburn and co-writer Rebecca Miller -LRB- The Ballad of Jack and Rose -RRB- to open up the material and , remarkably , deepen it , adding a layer of pathos to Catherine 's angst .
Proof proves you can watch a flick about depressed , schizophrenic people concocting complicated math equations and still enjoy it . I swear !
Presents a knot of questions , twisted up inside a knot of delicate performances and a fragmented narrative .
Hits the mark as an exploration of a woman who gives away her gold to others and must find a way to acknowledge her own genius .
. . has n't shaken the feel of its floorboards , -LSB- but Auburn 's -RSB- characters still come alive with complex relationships that hang in the balance of every exchange of his words .
You leave the theater appreciative of the movie 's dramatic yield , but not truly swept up in reverie . The way most of us feel about middle and high school math , I guess .
A cozy , middlebrow production putting an acting spotlight on Paltrow , surrounded by an unchallenged Hopkins and Jake Gyllenhaal as a liberating love-interest spirit .
Proof is a very emotional and engaging movie almost all the way through , but it loses it at the end .
Aided immeasurably by Paltrow 's ace performance , it 's the poignantly-felt human drama and delicate relationships in Proof that make the film a worthwhile experience .
-LSB- Paltrow 's -RSB- is a performance that redeems everything else about this film , and allows for the hope that there will be many more to come in this gifted actress ' career .
Its themes of trust , the depth of filial responsibility and concerns about genetic inheritances are explored with depth and intelligence .
Something went terribly wrong here and one of the fine theatrical experiences of recent years turns into celluloid dross .
Gwyneth Paltrow plays the daughter of a famous dead mathematician in John Maddens terribly serious film adaptation of the much-admired Broadway play .
Proof , the movie , is alive and sulking .
In Proof , -LSB- Paltrow -RSB- seems to be drawing upon a fund of real pain and it does wonders for the film .
Astonishingly intelligent , richly compelling drama , exploring the thin line between insanity and genius .
Hopkins , his hair and beard gone white , unravels with gorgeous precision .
Proof is a winning drama that oscillates with confidence and emotional tension .
The delights are in the details , and in the way the convoluted story unfolds by bits and pieces .
It 's hard to quarrel with the way Proof depicts mathematical genius as an unknowable abstraction . Otherwise , we might need advanced degrees to watch it .
Paltrow gives the performance of the year , and perhaps of her career .
John Madden 's competent , monotonous film version , not exactly stagebound but hardly freewheeling , only underscores its mechanical nature .
The trouble with Proof is that , however efficiently it completes its task , you have to ask whether the job was worth starting .
Just as he kept Shakespeare in Love years ago from leaping into greatness with his banal direction , Madden similarly keeps things stately and sleepy here .
The emotional heft of Proof is considerable , even with some problems inadequately worked out .
The sparks go out in John Madden 's film version , with a script by Auburn and Rebecca Miller and starring a wan Gwyneth Paltrow .
Paltrow gives a moving , realistic account of the emotions peculiar to caregivers ; a heavy , thought-provoking , involving film that left me exhausted but invigorated .
-LSB- Paltrow is -RSB- great in this .
An elegant , intelligent drama of a breed increasingly rare in mainstream American movies .
It explores issues of love , trust and family wonderfully through the inner life and ironic wit of Paltrow 's character .
Despite Paltrow 's mediocrity and Madden 's middlebrow tone , Proof still manages to deliver a cereberal yet emotional tale about genius and madness in academe and personal life
For a prime audience , it splendidly dramatizes an esoteric and brainy subject without testing your knowledge of math theorems . `` Proof '' proves it can be done .


@highlight

Gwyneth Paltrow and Anthony Hopkins give exceptional performances in a film that intelligently tackles the territory between madness and genius .