Artistic , unusual and deeply affecting . But , despite the quality of the film 's direction , writing , casting and brilliant cinematography , it feels theatrical and deliberately artificial .
I remained grateful for its sunshine , its sexiness -- and those slithering serpentine metaphors .
We do n't get many movies like this anymore , and we should enjoy them when we get them .
There 's not much to recommend this one .
-LSB- A -RSB- powerful portrayal of a woman torn between her current and former lover , sexuality , desire and authentic identity .
There is a delicious thrill in watching a completely dialed-in performer tackle a truly larger-than-life character ... Ralph Fiennes is a spellbinding treat .
The film belongs to -LSB- Ralph Fiennes -RSB- , and he 's magnificent .
A Bigger Splash has a pleasing richness wherein the sensual elements bind the individual characters to each other , and to nature .
A Bigger Splash is about the breaking point : what we think we want and what happens when we get it - or do n't . Once everyone 's sought pleasure , they 're charred from the fire of it , and there 's no going back .
Our Tilda-timeless and aggressively modern .
If the film 's collection of frissons is ultimately less satisfying than the knockout punch of I am Love , it 's still as enjoyable , refreshing , and ever-so-slightly discombobulating as a good holiday .
Despite some loose ends , Guadagninos melodrama drips with mood and boasts a runaway lead in Fiennes : his bum-bared makeover is a bells-on blast . Swinton shimmers , too .
By the end of what seemed a very long two hours , I wanted to strangle the lot of them as useless appendages to the human race .
The problem here as that his soap opera twists of sexual tension are either the kind you see a mile coming , or the kind that come out of nowhere -LRB- including logic -RRB- .
A Bigger Splash is n't without some shortcomings , then , but the movie is never dull , and I found it to be surprisingly substantial .
A Bigger Splash takes you to a location you 've never visited and , by its end , leaves you feeling like you have .
Luca Guadagnino 's shimmering remake of Jacques Deray 's 1969 La Piscine transports the action to the far-flung Italian island of Pantelleria , an outpost for celebrities wanting to discreetly recharge .
A simmering , shimmering thriller set on the hot , dusty Italian island of Pantelleria .
Tilda Swinton plays rock star Marianne Lane in A Bigger Splash , a thriller posing as a vacation posing as a commentary on what happens when two men fix their attentions on the same woman .
A Bigger Splash is a lazy , meandering journey which takes its time getting there , but when it arrives it feels worth it .
A Bigger Splash marks Luca Guadagnino 's third team-up with Tilda Swinton , and once again he has assembled just the cast to offset her majestic presence .
I was frequently seduced and happily puzzled by A Bigger Splash .
For all the skin and sunshine in A Bigger Splash , Guadagnino and screenwriter David Kajganich manage to make charming places and beautiful people seem pretty unsettling .
A Bigger Splash is a sensual thrill ride of temptation as four people map out where they are now and who they thought they 'd be .
The significant visual appeal and magnetic turns by the leading players make this four-hander a diverting dip into human nature : specifically , jealousy and the folly of opting for interiority over communication .
... provides plenty of rewarding moments and clever twists that effuse its central mystery with some emotional relevance .
With some reservations , A Bigger Splash is an entertaining exercise and certainly worth seeing .
A loose remake of a 1969 French movie , this mature , fascinating character drama is alive in a very sensual way , zeroing in on atmosphere and environment and the way they react with humans .
The mesmerizing photography and ecstatic personality of A Bigger Splash will leave you tipsy , so please , bring a designated driver for this one .
An amazing thing happened when Ralph Fiennes started going bald because that 's when the world found out he 's funny .
Gregarious and understated , unpredictable and absorbing , anchored by Fiennes and Swinton 's smartly contrapuntal performances .
Luca Guadagnino is expert at conjuring a pungent , sexually decadent atmosphere - a ringmaster in full control of his circus .
A Bigger Splash is a film to be savored , especially if you 're able to appreciate its slow and sensuous rhythms .
Fiennes is explosive as a larger than life non-stop talking vulnerable character trying to win back Swinton , as he gives an exasperatingly brilliant manic performance .
An erotic thriller exploring sexual politics among four colorful characters on an idyllic island .
` A Bigger Splash ' provides raw , sensual drama and suspense .
Swinton and Guadagnino deliver another bracing arthouse melodrama that luxuriates in cinema 's power to tantalize the senses with beautiful , delectable and almost tactile images of fabric , landscape , architecture , water , fruit , fish , human flesh ...
A Bigger Splash is cutting social satire in a manner familiar from decades of Italian cinema . The sexiness and star power here help it all go down easily .
Fiennes ' Harry is a fabulous character , a human whirlwind and walking , talking bacchanal who does n't so much disturb the peace that his hosts are enjoying as turn up the volume on their insular lives . It 's a fantastic performance .
I 'm recommending A Bigger Splash on the strength of its performances and the complexity of the characters .
`` The disappointing ending just about destroys all the trashy goodwill accumulated by Ralph Fiennes et al. in a randy ditty that might have been called a skin flick in another time and place . ''
Positively drenched in thick , tasty Euro-ambiance , the film serves up tantalizing characters and even more tantalizing ideas before turning shockingly tame , predictable and , well , American during the second half .
-LSB- It 's -RSB- an overinflated genre film highly dependent on magnetic performances to hold it together . Swinton is up to the task .
Of the film 's many visual pleasures , the greatest may well be its editing .
Very little is spelled out , with most of the story 's momentum coming from the performances , especially Fiennes ' glorious scene-bombing .
The cast is strong , with Swinton particularly powerful even though her voice barely rises above a whisper .
It takes a tour de force performance to stand out in a film that features compelling performances by Tilda Swinton , Matthias Schoenaerts and Dakota Johnson . They are so good that even when Fiennes is not on screen , the quality never waivers .
A Bigger Splash is a triumph of flavor . Imagine a simple but always tasty dish - an omelette , say . And then imagine what a master chef and a creative sous chef might be able to do with it .
The stars look great , and the Mediterranean looks grand , but I spent more time looking at my watch .
A Bigger Splash displays a rich understanding of its characters ' foibles , and the ways in which they betray each other instead of communicating their shared weaknesses .
Often completely inscrutable , with characters behaving erratically and mysteriously .
A Bigger Splash is a smart , suspenseful , sexy film for thinking adults -- not your usual summer movie , but a scorcher nonetheless .
Seductive and sensual , a slippery psycho-sexual thriller for adult audiences ... .
A Bigger Splash is an arty , enjoyable piece of trash , served up hot and steaming by director Luca Guadagnino .
A sensuous and thought-provoking adult drama dealing with temptation , sexuality and carnal desires .
So now that you 've been prepped , go ahead and dive in . Just do n't pretend there 's actual water in the pool .
While the film is billed as a suspenseful , erotic thriller , it 's more of a character study that builds to a surprising climax
The film ultimately finds itself saved by director Luca Guadagnino 's strong sense of style , and the sheer commitment of the film 's lead actors .
It 's an embarrassment of riches that gets close to the point of going over the edge , but the cast rein it back in to the base human elements we ca n't all afford to indulge in with our landlocked budgets .
I 'm not really sure what it all means , but it is gorgeous to look at , and rather entertaining .
The soundtrack is jarring in places , the migrant element is vague and incomplete and overall the film does not quite cohere . But it is enjoyable and Fiennes is fabulous .
That these ravishing creatures got paid to not enjoy themselves on film feels like a true act of original sin .
A Bigger Splash is a trip we appreciate from afar , intrigued but never fully on board .
It 's a solid gold cast , yet the film feels less than bronze , maybe wooden .
`` A Bigger Splash '' ? More like a small trickle .
Fiennes dominates the screen , his formidable co-stars , and the even more formidable Mediterranean scenery as a man both possessed and obsessed .
It 's weird and wonderful .
A study in charisma , with two wildly different performances at its center .
As a mood piece , A Bigger Splash leaves a lasting impression .
`` A Bigger Splash '' takes four characters with strong needs , drops them into a single location and invites us to watch what happens . It 's strange how compelling that can be .
A Bigger Splash takes place on the Italian island of Pantelleria , but the movie looks like it was shot in an alternate universe - it 's an open-air hothouse .
Adults with brains also want some visceral entertainment sometimes , and this latest English-language feature from Italian filmmaker Luca Guadagnino does just the trick .
Talented Italian director Luca Guadagnino shows broader , coarser interests here than he did with I Am Love as he plucks away at the vapourous notions of love , lust and desire .
Awash as it is in sun-kissed skin and pastels , the entire film reeks of release , providing the kind of cinematic climax that may just rival whatever real life has to offer .
Food , drink , sex , sun , beautiful bodies , great music and a scene stealing turn from Fiennes .
Volcanic , sumptuous and terrifically well-acted , A Bigger Splash is proof that Guadagnino is one of the most vital filmmakers working today .
Ralph Fiennes dancing to 'Em otional Rescue ' is sure to be one of 2016 's cinematic highlights
Inspired by the film La Piscine , script writer David Kajganich crafted a cleverly building story . Director Guadagnino uses an impending windstorm to achieve a sense of apprehension as back-stories and true intentions are revealed .
A tale of love and jealousy , obsession and seduction , A Bigger Splash takes its time getting where it 's actually going ... but that 's all right .
It 's a mood piece , brilliantly performed .
Even when the story turns dark , much remains unsaid , unresolved and ambiguous . Four great performances bring the whole thing to life .
A big soapy exploration of sexual desire , romantic longing , and lies set against an idyllic , sun-kissed Italian paradise .
While A Bigger Splash is somewhat graceless in making the shift from erotic relationship drama to thriller , that does n't diminish the pleasure in the work from the four main players , who are excellent .
You watch `` A Bigger Splash '' mesmerized by its creamy surfaces and mildly antsy as to what , exactly , is going on .
This reworking of the 1969 erotic thriller La Piscine beautifully explores the difficulties of communication .
All style over substance , but the movie is gorgeous and Ralph Fiennes is excellent .
To speak or stay silent ? Excess or restraint ? Honesty or discretion ? It 's clear which is right and which is wrong , but `` A Bigger Splash '' manages to infuse even the most straightforward questions with vicariously alluring ambiguity .
Mesmerizingly beautiful and sexy .
It 's a feast for the senses , as they say , and for once , that 's not hyperbole .
Luca Guadagnino makes movies that feel like they 're on ecstasy . They have a stick-your-head-in-a-speaker-and-insist-you-can-feel-the-music buzz to them , sensory details cranked up until they all but leap off the screen .
Is it A Bigger Splash or A Bigger Bore ?
By taking what 's ostensibly a hazy love-in , and deconstructing it into a song of sadness and forced frolicking , Guadagnino has devised a bewitching masquerade . And the water 's so inviting .
The more we see of Dakota Johnson , the less interesting she becomes .
The mood is simultaneously idyllic and tense , deceptively casual and off-handedly sensual , with wandering gazes and thoughts leading to some particularly potent psychosexual mind games .
One of Ralph Fiennes 's best performances and the gorgeous scenery on a Sicilian island does n't hurt .
A Bigger Splash is a sensuous delight of a film , but it has a darker heart that brands itself in the viewer 's mind .
... even though it is a lot of talk , there is an underlying tension constantly onscreen that the characters are cascading towards something bad . Particularly effective is Dakota Johnson who creates an extremely disturbing femme fatale .
A kooky , sexy , rollicking , and eventually , quite dark , romp through a sun-sizzled Sicilian vacation . Jump on in-the water 's fine , though , swim at your own risk .
Watch Fiennes dance rapturously to the Stones ' `` Emotional Rescue . '' It 's a cliche , but we 'll say it : It 's worth the price of admission .
Simultaneously lush and lurid , sumptuous and startling , `` A Bigger Splash '' never goes where you expect , even as its undercurrent of danger is unmistakable from the start .
A Bigger Splash is a richly made and thoughtful character study , and one that 'll probably grow deeper with each viewing .
The cast is uniformly strong , and willing to go wherever Guadagnino takes them , in however little clothing he deems necessary ; the ensemble-wide equal-opportunity nudity is almost frequent enough to qualify as confrontational .
These characters and their predicaments become more involving the longer we observe their interactions , picking up clues to their past , scrutinizing their faces and words to get a sense of their feelings toward each other .
An interesting dip into a pool of intrigue .
It 's a messy romp that 's funny , hot , and horrifying in equal measure ; and if it squeaks a bit whenever it tries to shift gears , that sound just becomes another instrument in Guadagnino 's latest symphony of the senses .
Everything in this spellbinding erotic dance is so ripe and voluptuous that watching it does n't seem enough , you want to take a bite out of it .
... delivers a lush , narcotic charge
A long , strange trip well worth taking . Crank it up !
Not even this flamboyant project , however satisfying in its excesses otherwise , can accommodate the inept civics lesson .
Ralph Fiennes steals the show in a riveting erotic thriller from the director of I Am Love about a foursome up to no good on a Mediterranean getaway .
Rooted in a palpable fear of getting old , of never settling down , of being not only the last one at the party but the one who knows how to do nothing but .
Luca Guadagnino makes movies you want to live in .
`` A Bigger Splash '' is a swooning cinematic appeal to the senses - two hours of al fresco lovemaking , gorgeous scenery and simmering erotic warfare .
Mr. Guadagnino excels at creating lifestyle pornography of an especially rarefied kind , although in classic European style , he gilds the pleasure with some political guilt .
Guadagnino 's latest thrives on its performances and gorgeous scenery , but will probably be an acquired taste .
In A Bigger Splash , Fiennes uses all his showmanship , imagination , and empathy to vitalize a character who is both the life of the party-and , in one uncanny twist , the death of it .
A steamy and satisfying kickoff to the summer film season on the art-house circuit .
You do n't just need , per Jean-Luc Godard , a gun and a girl for a movie . Beautiful people in a beautiful location suffices .
What intrigues , if in a lurid sort of way , is the film 's fudging of projected viewer desires with its characters ' .
Luca Guadagnino has made something rare and disconcerting : a genuinely pagan film .
It 's a curious piece and you 're never quite sure which characters have the upper hand . It makes the ending even more intriguing .
As for Fiennes , we 've never seen him like this before .
A middle aged tragedy set to a tropical background . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Using body language and facial expressions , Swinton 's performance is master class .
Tilda Swinton shines as Marianne Lane , a rockstar so interesting that never falls into cliche . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This Mediterranean holiday piece has many elements that conspire towards greatness , but its core is as empty as a drained swimming pool .
The filmmaker narrates from a ` conventional ' plot scheme to build a series of scenes that 's both imaginative and attentive to detail . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Sit back , smell the jasmine and take it all in without thinking too much about it .
With a bit more restraint , A Bigger Splash could have had the elegant menace of a Patricia Highsmith novel . But Guadagnino goes to town with studiously excessive stylistic flourishes .
This overheated , extravagant and indulgent epic -LRB- a sort of remake of Jacques Deray 's La Piscine -- perhaps -RRB- is often fun , although after a while you do wind up wanting to strangle the cast in desperation .
An arresting film with a quartet of terrific performances , led by Fiennes . Guadagnino 's English-language debut is essential viewing . Dive in .
Swinton is terrific and , against the odds , compellingly convincing as a world-famous rock star , while Schoenaerts and Fanning provide crucial support .
Like the band that it adulates , its best asset is the vulnerability with which it underscores its own sleaze .
The uncomfortable energy which ebbs and flows between this quartet is anything but uncomfortable to witness as a viewer .
The beauty of the women 's bodies and the splendor of the location are meant to seduce us , and that is ironic since that seduction is as shallow as the characters
Carnal pleasures and temptations are integral to this intriguing psychological drama in which intricately bound relationships reveal darker undertones beneath the frivolity
Best thought of as a sort of Euro-centric Sexy Beast - Sexy Beasts , perhaps .
A sun-kissed vine of a film , whose plot -LRB- which is really incredibly slight -RRB- is entirely subservient to its presentation , on an antipasto platter , of four excellent performances .
A sweaty , kinetic , dangerously unpredictable ride of a film .
Italian filmmaker Luca Guadagnino -LRB- I Am Love -RRB- reteams with Tilda Swinton for this fresh , tricky drama about four people whose lives are inextricably intertwined .
At its best A Bigger Splash is better than soap .
Ralph Fiennes is a tidal wave of energy , sweeping up all before him in this thriller .
Who knew that Ralph Fiennes had it in him ?
While the pain is real enough , Guadagnino lightens the load with irony and black humour .
The pacing can be somewhat languorous , but watching this group of actors let it all hang out makes it all worth while .
A Bigger Splash is n't about how the other half live . It 's rooted in something much closer to home .
If looking at other people 's holiday snaps is boring , being stuck on their holiday is even worse , even if your fellow guests are Ralph Fiennes , Tilda Swinton and swoony Belgian actor Matthias Schoenaerts .
Ralph Fiennes is the life and soul of the party in A Bigger Splash , which is just as well because it is a fairly dull party .
Guadagnino has cruel fun allowing an excellent core cast -LRB- all of whom he has apparently asked to return in his forthcoming remake of Dario Argento 's Suspiria -RRB- to spiral into ghastly self-destruction .
Guadagnino 's movie shares with -LSB- Deray 's film and Hockney 's painting -RSB- a mood of eerie languor and sun-baked hedonism . Which makes the disruptive energy provided by Fiennes ' exuberant and garrulous interloper all the more startling .
It 's a compelling watch as Guadagnino darkens the tone from sunny farce to something far darker as the quartet surrender sexually to their urges in a way that ensures nobody winds up a winner .
The four leads are superb , but Fiennes steals the show , dominating a scene whenever he appears . His dancing , in particular , is a joy to behold .
The film makes its hedonistic protagonists seem like characters in a classical tragedy . The intimacy between them becomes more oppressive and results in ever more extreme behaviour . The zest of the film-making belies the darkness at the core here .
-LSB- The -RSB- climax ... ought to be powerful and ironic yet simply falls flat - a crushing damp squib of an ending for a film that begins with a tone of anarchic , irreverent promise .
A modern cinematic opera - the sun-kissed bacchanal followed by the tempestuous comedown .
The story begins to resemble something by Ruth Rendell , as filmed by Chabrol .
All four leads are great in their own way , but Fiennes steals the show with his obnoxious , brash whirlwind .
A Bigger Splash lives up to its title by being every bit as exuberant and refreshing as it sounds .
Though this is n't a typical awards-seeking performance from Fiennes , it certainly ranks among the actor 's best .
This is often a seriously fun film with a shadier side that 's ripe for unpicking when the curtain drops .
Consistently enjoyable .
The film feels empty and intellectualized at the core , where it should feel powerfully emotional .
The film has much to offer , primarily Ralph Fiennes , who could walk away with a prize for his dazzling bravura turn .
Luca Guadagnino 's sly , funny follow-up to I Am Love suddenly feels like the greatest party you have ever been invited to .
In this overlong remake of cult 1969 drama La Piscine , Italian director Luca Guadagnino , treading water after the classy , well-received I Am Love , drains all the smouldering Gallic passion and sexual jealousy out of the pool .
A film that is both deeply strange and undeniably funny .
There 's an awful lot in here , and drawing it out takes a little time and thought .
It 's not deep , nor refined , in fact it 's kind of trashy at times . But you can still make a solid , buzzy rock 'n' roll album track out of trash , if not quite a hit single .
A lush and intriguing experience that works so well for so long that it ca n't be undone by a few flaws .

@highlight

Absorbing , visually arresting , and powerfully acted by an immensely talented cast , A Bigger Splash offers sumptuously soapy delights for fans of psychological adult drama .