If you ca n't improve upon your original in some small way , then you 're simply churning out assembly-line product for a gradually more disinterested fan-base .
Despite its Playboy Playmate heroine and corny-as-hell climax , The Hitcher is still more engrossing than most of the other horror redos unleashed on the youth market of late . I 'm talkin ' to you , Grudge 2 .
The recent assembly-line remaking of recognizable horror titles continues with The Hitcher , a dreary updating of the 1986 Rutger Hauer thriller .
The new version is an adequate technical exercise ... but the attempts at ` originality ' undermine whatever meager integrity the original possessed .
-LSB- It 's -RSB- cheerfully in touch with its own brainlessness .
For my taste , it was better off left dead , roadkill on the cinematic highway .
While this new Hitcher has its moments , it just does n't make for as scary or interesting a ride as its predecessor .
Enjoyably trashy remake with a suitably creepy performance from Sean Bean , even if it 's not quite on the level of Rutger Hauer 's original .
Tense , brooding , scary -- there are plenty of words to describe 1986 's superior B-movie The Hitcher . None , however , apply to this remake .
As is usually the case with remakes of this sort , instead of soul , point of view , or guts , the movie features a story as flat as its open surroundings , transparent like soda water , with as many holes as bubbles , and a few slices of improbability for flavo
The first few minutes of Dave Meyers 's remake of The Hitcher are desperately tense .
A depressingly formulaic reworking of a unique cult favourite that should have been left well alone . Stick with Rutger .
Bloated , boring and over-explained .
A guilty pleasure -- but only if you like your action outlandish , your continuity challenged and your guts and gore splattered all over the screen .
If only they had a good story and enough solid thrills to sustain it for longer than a half-hour .
One of the better models in a long line of recent horror remakes .
Meyers ' young characters are denied personality . The psychological turmoil is all at the surface .
The script is bloodsoaked , predictable as well as meaningless , and there is little else to recommend the film unless you 're after mindless shocks and like to be in the company of a couple of youngsters who are made out to be a bit stupid
I do n't get the rational behind remaking a mediocre piece of cinematic fluff that never really captured the public 's attentions in the first place .
She 's also a little too convincing when she asserts at last , `` I do n't feel anything . '' If Grace has n't been here before , you most certainly have .
Hollywood 's endless string of no-account remakes gets another knot with this Michael Bay-produced lukewarm update of Robert Harmon 's 1986 original .
... misbegotten and pointless , even by the generally debased standard of horror-film remakes .
.
The first film was near-mythic in its tone and treatment of its characters , while this remake barely serves as a primer in how not to generate suspense .
Do n't even think of stopping .
Eric Red 's sturdy genre script from 1986 has been diluted in the worst way possible .
Considering the subject matter , for once it actually seems appropriate to judge a movie with this famous phrase : Thumbs down .
Just because a remake is unnecessary does n't mean it is n't any good .
Why bother remaking a cult classic ?
Been there done that . Bean is okay , but the movie 's not .
It 's good advice to never pick up strangers . It 's equally sound advice to never go see a remake of an unremarkable '80s horror flick that is produced by Michael Bay and directed by a filmmaker best known for crafting Britney Spears videos .
... about all the movie is effective at is insulting the audience .
The Hitcher uses every slasher film cliché , is frustrating to watch , and ultimately I did n't care about the predictable ending .
Apart from wasting 84 minutes of my time and helping to ensure my continued gainful employment , I can find no justification for the existence of The Hitcher .
The Hitcher is a cautionary tale about the perils of giving strangers a lift , much like Alligator is a warning against flushing your pet reptile down the toilet .
While the blood and gore are turned up to almost unimaginable heights , the fear factor is freakishly low , Meyer confusing loud and obnoxious with tense and terrifying .
-LSB- Grace , played by Sophia Bush -RSB- ca n't go six blocks without having to pee , and we 're supposed to believe she knows how to fire a Colt 45 and a shotgun ?
Switching the hero from a lone driver to a couple spoils the original 's most intriguing idea : that the mass-murdering jackal may be the driver 's own escaped id . That leaves little to fill 83 expendable minutes , which barely register as a movie .
The casting is uninspired , and Bean 's considerable malevolent charm is wasted by the thin , unmemorable script .
-LSB- Director Dave Meyers -RSB- leans a bit more on character and narrative than one might expect , particularly in these get-em ' - naked-and-kill-em ' days of gratuitously violent horror movies . Not that this is n't plenty violent and gratuitous its own way .
This is not a thinking-man 's thriller , but it has the shock appeal of a severed head on a davenport .
There 's no reason the villain 's will-to-die could n't have been woven into the plot better in this remake .
That -LSB- original -RSB- film was intellectually engaging as well as tangibly creepy , while the new remake is just plain bad , and boring to boot .
Instead of trying to unsettle viewers , director Dave Meyers goes for the cheapest shock effects possible .
It left me angry because it 's easily the dumbest movie I 've seen since The Da Vinci Code . We 're not talking a misfire or a disappointment ; we 're talking droolingly , numbingly stupid .
This could have been a polished piece of demented entertainment , but the workings of the script are far too transparent .
Too silly and stupid to be scary , The Hitcher speeds along with no regard for logic .
Simple and suspenseful , solely because of Bean 's sociopath and Hawkinson 's cinematic craftsmanship .
Do n't bother to stop for The Hitcher remake .
... it will make the 1986 edition , a film marginally well-received in its day , seem like a classic in retrospect .
Sophia heads down the highway , rifle under one arm , artistic integrity hanging by a thread from her teeny weeny skirt .
There 's no snowball effect and the characters are too weakly drawn and acted for there to be any psychological dimension to their interaction . The ending of the first movie was unsettling ; the conclusion of this one is unsatisfying .
This one gets most of its thrills via flashy car wrecks and some spectacularly stupid one-liners .
Perhaps most unforgivably , pic lacks suspense . The action scenes are directed credibly enough , but the nail-biting buildups and awful aftermaths are laid out mechanically and drained of emotional effect .
The cast is sharp and director Dave Meyers keeps the dread building exponentially .
Like the same-titled 1986 cult favorite , this remake is a crash-and-burn action horror with intellectual pretensions .
Meyers keeps it emotionally unfilling , so that you can go have dinner afterward with nary a qualm about having had your guts twisted . Meaning that all will be comfortably forgotten by dessert .
The screenplay disastrously rewrites the original 's climax , turning Bush 's college waif into an indestructible female Terminator who can unerringly fire a police-issue riot gun and kick a steel paddy-wagon door off its hinges .
Probably the nerviest move on filmmaker Dave Meyers ' part was to include a clip from Alfred Hitchcock 's The Birds , well demonstrating just how far we 've descended when it comes to cinematic suspense .
There are several good jumps and scares , and it 's surprisingly tense the whole way through , not just gory and cheesy .
Though far from a thoughtless dead zone , The Hitcher is too limp and complacent a horror flick to capitalize on its promise , or on its source material .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Meyers delivers a steady stream of cheap jolts and something-popping-unexpectedly-into-frame scares , but little tension or atmosphere .
Picking up a crazed hitchhiker is conceivable . Picking up a crazed hitchhiker who knows every move you 're going to make before you make it is not .
A good horror remake needs to either be smarter than the original in this post-Scream era or about ten times as bloody . Unfortunately , The Hitcher falls into neither one of those categories .
So blandly forgettable that it almost makes one miss the original 's C. Thomas Howell ... if , that is , it were humanely possible to miss C. Thomas Howell .
The whole thing is so deja vu , it gets kind of ho-hum , despite the increased body count and quick running time .
Like Red Eye , another highly intense film , The Hitcher moves along rapidly without any extraneous scenes to interfere with its vigorous pace .
A stylish , jolting remake that has some of the virtues , but also the dramatically unsatisfying , amoral plot points as the original .
Though the plot is close enough to the 1986 version to earn a screen credit for that film 's scriptwriter , Eric Red , the execution is so botched that what was terrifying in the original film becomes coma-inducing in the remake .
The movie does n't make a lick of sense , but then neither did the original . There are enough shocks to keep it going but all thoughts of originality also perish on the side of the road .
This is n't a commentary on the breakdown of law and order , of civil society itself -- it 's a symptom of it .
Of the half dozen jump-out-of-your seat shocks , only one was truly gratuitous . Okay , maybe two .
Ultimately , this is a bit of trash that will most comfortably line the cages of those who have no memory or attachment to the original . This in itself is an idea more terrifying than anything portrayed in The Hitcher .
No one 's going to argue that the 1986 psycho-thriller The Hitcher was a pillar of world cinema , but it had a scuzzy originality . The remake , by default , lacks even that . I do n't think I 've seen a movie with less reason to exist .
Bean carves out his own modest variations on the theme of John Ryder-on-the-storm , but Bush and Knighton are so blandly forgettable that it 's hard to believe that they 're the protagonists and not Victims 1 and 2 .
A long slow freeway drive to nowhere , marked by non-events that should be a lot more frightening than they are .
Although some viewers may be saying ` I want to die ' after seeing this latest Hollywood horror remake , I thought the new The Hitcher was revved up enough to be worth a look .
This generation of moviegoers is getting screwed by all these bad remakes that could have and should have been better .
Sean Bean is too intelligent an actor for the part . He lets slip little flickers of pain and remorse that strongly suggest he has reasons for his behavior . When they 're never revealed , we feel like the picture is wasting our time .
Based on the movie 's total disinterest in a motive , the hitcher 's biggest reason for murder appears to be that he never got to have a spring break when he was younger .
Bean deliver a great psycho in this film . In fact , he 's probably one of the best things in it , running a close second to Sophia Bush running around in a miniskirt or less .
Zachary Knighton 's second-rate impersonation of Matthew Lillard 's Shaggy makes one long for C. Thomas Howell 's irresolute interpretation of Jim Halsey -LRB- truly an amazing feat -RRB- .
I have a not-so-subtle message for a creatively bankrupt Hollywood : STOP DOING CRAP REMAKES OF PERFECTLY FINE HORROR FILMS FROM THE '70s and '80s .
I screamed out loud . It was a tense thriller .
Meyers appears to appreciate the basic fundamentals of genre filmmaking , and lets his Hitcher out to play , instead of suffocating the whole thing in hip visuals and flash-cut edit rhythms .
Has a truly cruel streak and disturbing disregard for life that puts a damper on what otherwise could have been a lean , taut and well-made B-movie .
... quickly abandons any sinister sense of dread and instead floors it - the movie goes 110 mph the rest of the way .
While The Hitcher has its moments of gore -LRB- and I do n't mean the global warming kind -RRB- , director Dave Meyers makes the movie about the story , tension , danger and chase . THANK YOU !
... the two leads come off as competent yet thoroughly bland -LRB- to such an extent that the viewer has almost no rooting interest in their survival -RRB- .
The Hitcher kicks off with some road kill -LRB- literally -RRB- , and never really gets much better from there .
Bigger , louder and far bloodier than the original , but devoid of all the delicious ambiguity that made it so fascinating .







@highlight

Sean Bean tries giving motive and emotion to The Hitcher , but director Dave Meyers is more interested in cheap shocks , and gratuitous gore and torture .