There 's a chilly , wistful and rather matter-of-fact tone to the proceedings and this helps separate the rather run-of-the-mill aspects of the plot from the herd of teenager-in-love movies .
Thematically , this Dutsch tale of coming of age and first love is extremely familar . but it 's sincerely treated and well acted by the two central boys .
This debut feature by noted short-film director Bavo Defurne emphasizes ambiance over storytelling , but that ambiance is so flavorsome you might not mind .
It 's not just that film is underdeveloped - it 's that it feels unwilling to develop , preferring to leave its characters and plot points static . The result feels stunted .
A reasonably realistic slice of lower-middle-class European life with a repressed protagonist named Pim .
It 's a story that 's been told countless times , but first-time director Bavo Defurne has such an assured hand and visual flair -LRB- much credit also belongs to cinematographer Anton Mertens -RRB- that everything seems fresh and new .
Splendidly acted , especially by Florizoone , whose every thought appears to register on his wide-open features , it 's more than promising .
A small but quite lovely and wonderful film , gorgeous to look at , which tackles an age-old subject with radiant freshness .
`` North Sea Texas '' explores emergent sexuality and first love with a refreshing optimism .
A simmering drama powered by fully drawn characters and fine performances .
A soulful , slightly hyperreal comedy ...
In the annals of gay cinema about growing up , `` North Sea Texas '' is , regrettably , an unoriginal and rather disposable take on a subject that 's been done much better in the past .
Once the visual touches fade away ... there 's nothing to stop the parade of clichés .
The film succeeds in creating a dense atmospheric feel and avoids generic tropes , but it does so somewhat at the neglect of its characters and narrative .
As competent as the acting is , it 's the filmmaking that brings this coming-of-age saga into the realm of brilliantly crafted cinema .
Any sympathy for these characters and their lives dissipates quickly on reaching scenes filled with cliched symbolism , like the burning of treasured possessions on a beach and running into the sea in an emotional outburst
Beautifully directed , emotionally engaging coming-of-age drama with a sharp script , a strong sense of time and place and terrific performances from its entire cast .
An understated film , strong on mood , a bit reminiscent of Shelagh Delaney 's A Taste of Honey .
A delicate little heartwarmer of a film .
North Sea Texas looks beautiful , is acted brilliantly , but it 's hard to get a hold on when Pim 's drifting by in a dream world .
Complicated nicely by the unrequited crush of Vergels ' sister on their friend , it 's a film of supple visual flair and delicately acted appeal : Florizoone in particular is the bee 's knees .
Brilliant , affecting filmmaking . A beautiful love story .
Family life and adult power are central here , allowing for bittersweet engagement with emotions over time and the compromises of living in reality .
Tender and touching , this gay coming-of-ages story is underpinned by a terrific , subtle turn from newcomer Florizoone .
Drawing affecting performances from a fledgling cast , Defurne 's film is a poignant snapshot of square-peg adolescent desire , vibrantly set against a colourful backdrop .


@highlight

Strong direction and delicate performances save Noordzee , Texas from its narrative cliches .