The film 's over-leveraged plot imparts diminishing results as its predictable revelation arrives with an unsatisfying anticlimax .
The Night Listener shamelessly jerks its audence this way and that , until it arrives at its lacklustre anti-climactic conclusion .
Even at 82 minutes , the film seems padded out , spinning its wheels and generating no suspense once the central , easily answered question is introduced .
One of those films where it 's easy to recognize something 's going on and there 's interesting intentions but it just never comes together .
The talents of Williams and Collette are wasted in this ultimately silly psychological thriller that aspires to explore the line dividing perception from reality , ''
... effectively captures the essence of the novel without slavishly adhering to its every nuance ...
A somber storyline , empty scares and a deceptive ending are not likely to spell box-office success .
A strange and creepy film about lonely people who are more than a little crazy .
A small suspense-thriller to scratch your Hitchcockian itch .
... never got me involved enough with its main character or its supporting characters to make me feel one way or another about them or their predicaments .
Seemingly looking for a M. Night Shyamalan moment .
The film 's -LRB- partial -RRB- salvation comes - oddly enough - from Robin Williams , an actor I 'd just about given up on .
This thriller about books , belief and betrayal covers topical terrain -- JT LeRoy and James Frey , anyone ? -- but itself proves unbelievable .
While the film claims to be based on real-life events in the life of author Armistead Maupin , there are more than a couple of sequences that strain credibility , causing the audience to question its veracity .
Robin Williams 's face is permanently on its smiling-through-emotional-pain setting .
The plot dawdles along , intrigue gives way to risible melodrama , and -LSB- director -RSB- Patrick Stettner fails to get to grips with the issues .
The Night Listener is intriguing , thought-provoking and harrowing by turns , with fine central and supporting performances and a richly satisfying feel .
You should find this watchable and moderately clever ; it 's just a shame that it tries to sound weighty about truth and love , instead of getting on with being scary .
However , the film brushes over certain elements of the book -LRB- most notably Gabriel 's relationship with his partner -RRB- and shies away from its more important themes -LRB- AIDS , child abuse etc -RRB- , leaving the equivalent of a sanitised TV version of the book .
Maupin has , in the past , penned many yarns in which suspense and sentiment have had a quirky and efficacious symbiosis . Here , there is virtually no suspense -- only sentiment .
There 's absolutely nothing wrong with this movie that a good story would n't fix .
Their protagonist , Robin Williams , is just so self-pitying he is completely unsympathetic . I did n't care what happened to him . I never cared if he was in danger or putting himself in danger .
All roads lead to dead ends , in dramatic and investigative terms .
Tapping into recent public outrages over writers who lie , The Night Listener 's indictments are drearily unsubtle .
At only eighty-two minutes long , the film zips along -- and keeps you guessing .
Director Patrick Stettner plays his cards close to his vest for much of the film ... going for suspenseful ambiguity , partly through including misleading scenes that might be considered cheating .
Stettner keeps using Donna 's evident disabilities , both physical and psychic , as opportunities for schlocky thrills .
The deeper the story goes , the more it unravels , leading to a damaging finale that is n't ambiguous as much as it 's asinine .
better suited for a 25-minute Twilight Zone episode -LRB- one of the forgettable ones -RRB-
It 's the desolation of sadness stemming from the realization Noone 's alone that 's behind the search for a reality that perhaps does n't exist that makes the film powerful .
The pacing and staging of the later scenes could use a little more electricity and momentum , and a little less restraint . Yet The Night Listener keeps you watching . And listening .
The best performance in the film comes from Toni Collette
The Night Listener is a rather intense psychological character piece that keeps you on edge , as well as intrigued , with the promise of malevolence at every turn .
`` The Night Listener , '' a disturbing adults-only film , is anything but a mainstream fiilm .
I get so aggravated when a movie has a fabulous cast , then turns out to be a dud .
A more intriguing plot twist would have had Noone in a prolonged , nightmarish situation where he could n't convince the authorities of his innocence . But , alas , I was n't asked to be a consultant on the script .
A quietly disturbing and effectively haunting little gem .
Leaves us in the dark , with no real answers -- you know , just like life !
If you watch and listen closely , it will dawn on you that this thriller has everything going for it -- except a clincher ending .
Like a stick of butter ... awfully tough to swallow in one sitting .
In Stettner 's The Night Listener , Williams applies for his license to creep out the masses in a mopey and mediocre character study of atmospheric tension and chaos .
It 's worth seeing for the performances , but it 's something to go in with low expectations on the plot itself .
Very little pay off . Worse , the film cheats . It belies its own integrity by including shots meant only to mislead the audiences , ultimately to contradict its own storyline .
The scenario encounters routine hollow patches , substituting dead air for the necessary tension required to drive the psychological points home .
... a small , grown-up movie for people who want a breather from all the current blockbusters , cartoons , and dumb comedies .
It 's fitting that kaleidoscopic images introduce this psychological thriller in which reality and fantasy collide and splinter into cinematic fragments .
It 's unlike anything else out now , and Williams , to his credit and our immense relief , has for the moment foresworn his usual giddiness in favor of a muted , hunched acting style that befits both the character of Noone and the overall tone of the film .
In Patrick Stettner 's confident direction , with Lisa Rinzler 's ominous-to-spooky cinematography , Williams and Collette carry off a fine visual realization of what is essentially a theater-of-the-mind piece .
Murky and uninspired .
It 's surprising that a story with such a great hook could be turned into a flat , uninvolving film .
-LRB- Stettner -RRB- sets up a rule that the movie is about the psychological conditions of its characters , and what they can teach us about ourselves . He then switches games and asks us to believe the spook is its own excuse .
A quiet , measured and resolutely unnerving mystery , The Night Listener is one of the year 's most assuredly intelligent releases .
Early reviews compare this to Hitchcock , but Hitch was never this obvious . Even at less than 90 minutes , this is a drawn-out , butt numbing sit .
A moving mystery of the heart based on a novel by Armistead Maupin about the lengths some people will go to find acceptance and love .
Rather than building to a slam-bang payoff , it lulls us in , almost without care .
... the puzzle presented by director Patrick Stettner -LRB- who co-wrote ... with novel author Maupin and Terry Anderson -RRB- keep you intrigued though , in the end , unsatisfied .
Williams delivers a solid , twinkle-free -LRB- though closed-off -RRB- performance , but the film as a whole ca n't decide what it wants to be .
A dreary misfire .
A movie that inspires us to question what we truly know -- about others and , even more importantly , about ourselves .
Novellist Armistead Maupin and collaborators Terry Anderson and Patrick Stettner have put together a taut thriller with excellent acting and direction which is sadly marred by a touch of misogyny .
The movie might make for a good book , but it 's too awkward and lacks the necessary action for a film . And Williams ' rather sluggish approach does n't help much . Eventually , we just are n't interested in tagging along with him .
An eerie , occasionally disturbing motion picture focused on the differences between perception and reality .
A frustrating thriller whose first half is intriguing and ambiguous , but second one is generic without delivering the basic goods , Stettner 's sophomore film is a failure as a suspenser and pseudo psychological drama .
The story backs itself into a corner and gets lost trying to find a satisfactory way out .
Listener is an intimate story , and Stettner directs accordingly , appreciating Maupin 's delicate framework and does n't push his weight around trying to shape the material into standard thriller mode .
Tension builds , the audience is kept guessing to the end -LRB- and beyond -RRB- , and things are not blatantly spelled out .
... glides over the surface of some intriguing questions , not the least of which is what an author owes the real people who inspire his stories .
If this story came over my airwaves I would be real tempted to change the station .
a very simple plot , but they mine every possible piece of tension and danger out of it to create a very eerie movie where danger is just around every corner .
Tidy psychological thriller taut with tension and intrigue .
80 percent a superb thriller , backloaded with 20 percent gotcha and goodbye . That 's a scandalous way to treat a viewer .
Although the careless editing has left the plot in tatters , it has n't ruined a sincere , low-key performance by a grandfatherly looking Williams and an excellent turn by Collette , who makes Donna a fascinating collection of contradictions .
A surprisingly taut thriller , even though there really is n't anything that thrilling about the subject matter .
This Sundance dud is a turgid gay soap opera with a limp twist , showcasing Robin Williams at his maudlin worst .
... an oddly inert thriller , a movie of shocking revelations and sneaky twists that somehow still never jars you .
The Night Listener , a movie with lots of heart but no heartbeat .
File The Night Listener under Missed Opportunities .
This not-great movie , like the not-great book it 's based on , is worthwhile because it puts us in the kind of uncomfortable place where we 're forced to examine our own beliefs .
There 's more to this story than meets the eye -- or ear -- especially when Collette , magnetic in her intensity , appears as a figure straight out of Vertigo or North by Northwest .
Where the hero of Maupin 's novel learns some valuable lessons about love and faith , the film strikes a darker , even angry tone that 's far more understandable and , in the end , far more convincing .
The Night Listener reveals itself in a grippingly quiet and enigmatic style reminiscent of Hitchcock .
The Night Listener is quirky and a little spooky , with a smart , literate script and polished direction from Patrick Stettner .
Night Listener draws you in to a tale well-told .
Director Patrick Stettner chooses to film the latter bits of Gabriel 's -LSB- Williams -RSB- mundane investigation as a full-blown psychological thriller , and it mostly works .
The thriller is suspenseful enough , with a spooky mood and some real shocker moments , but the audience has to be willing to forgive its lack of rationality , as well as its totally cryptic conclusion .
Noone -LSB- Williams -RSB- is a lethargic , beaten , humorless man , and the film is plugged into the same lifeless energy source .
The Night Listener , based on a real event in the life of novelist-turned-screenwriter Armistead Maupin , is a tranquil and alluring little thriller that makes up in earnestness what it lacks in surprises .
Although it may not satisfactorily work all of its many ideas out , The Night Listener does thoughtfully explore the myriad games people play -- on themselves as well as others -- in the universal search for gratifying affection .
Based on a novel by Armistead Maupin , which was based in turn on an episode in Mr. Maupins life , The Night Listener explores a shadowy region between truth and fiction .
To me , the movie is of interest only for its embrace -- of the eternal ambivalence with which writers tap the lives of people they know and/or love for their work .
The Night Listener has much to recommend it , but I find myself less than enthusiastic precisely because this movie made me feel so lousy .
The Night Listener should have been a better film than it is and I can only think to blame Williams ' lacklustre performance for ultimately letting the audience down .
More intriguing than enthralling , more creepy than disturbing , The Night Listener runs a tidy 80 minutes yet still feels stretched .
Williams ' solemn one-note performance , which we 've seen variations of before in his ` serious films , ' Insomnia and Good Will Hunting , ruins what should be a ghoulishly entertaining game of cat and mouse .
A slick , mostly engaging drama .
Director Patrick Stettner -- seems unable to settle on what The Night Listener actually wants to say .
Complexity helps maintain interest , although The Night Listener does n't generate much by way of genuine excitement .
It 's a film about people with mixed motivations -LRB- maybe even compulsions -RRB- , who do n't always behave with full self-awareness or self-control .
It 's a relief to see Williams underplaying for a change and letting us fill in the blanks , but the movie 's suggestiveness gives way to a certain thinness and lassitude .
Adapted from Armistead Maupin 's highly anticipated , woefully executed 2000 novel , this is surely among the best bad movies of the year .
It 's stylish and classy and beautifully acted ... and it so disappoints in the end ...
A potentially engrossing tale ineptly told .
The twisty but thin script is neither complex enough to be a fascinating character study nor exciting enough to be a satisfying thriller .
The script -LRB- by Maupin and Terry Anderson -RRB- ends up being a shaggy-dog story that diffuses its suspense along the way by dramatizing scenes the viewer has the advantage of seeing but Gabriel does n't .
The Night Listener is one of the few films that manages to be highly cerebral and a great popcorn movie simultaneously .
A creepy head-scratcher more atmospheric than believable .
Something happens to Robin Williams in serious roles . He becomes so drab that it 's almost as if he 's trying to efface himself from the screen .
Aiming to blur the distinctions between truth and illusion , it simply blurs its own effectiveness by relying on predictable and not particularly convincing mystery-thriller formula .
Ultimately , The Night Listener is more admirable for what it tries to be than for what it actually achieves .
As gripping as The Night Listener wants to be , it 's also nearly devoid of suspense because you know it 's supposed to be suspenseful .
There 's so much menace and portent in this adaptation of Armistead Maupin 's novel that you 're psyched for a high-voltage compound of shock and awe that never materializes .
The Night Listener has flaws , particularly a double ending that raises more questions than it resolves , but it conjures a haunting mood of anxiety that settles around you like a shroud .
The story , effective in print , does n't survive onscreen scrutiny . You 'll feel detached and , even with its brief 82-minute running time , you 'll get impatient .
The Night Listener features a chilling mood and an excellent turn from Williams , finding both frailty and strength in a man desperately searching for answers as his world gradually implodes .
Ultimately , the film veers off-course into pure melodrama and a trickled-out ending that apparently was also a problem in Maupin 's book .
Sometimes , holding up even a small mirror to contemporary anxieties is enough , which The Night Listener does by skillfully exploiting a mass distrust that 's currently reverberating from book clubs to the blogosphere .
As a consideration of the power of storytelling -- and the urge to mythologize one 's own life as well as the lives of others -- The Night Listener could serve as creepy paranoid cousin to the current Lady in the Water .
... the movie does n't cohere .
The fine line between fiction and reality are put to the test in this unconventional thriller , which is elevated by Toni Colette 's performance .
Presents one of the most fascinating characters of the year ... a cool , calculated remedy to the late-summer doldrums .
an engrossing thriller that probes the human psyche and is coy about giving up its secrets too easily
Running just 81 minutes , it delivers its fascinating little tale with the succinctness and emotional power of a great short story .
Robin Williams continues to prove his talent in serious , especially hangdog roles .
As far as topicality goes , The Night Listener 's account of authorial deception certainly benefits from its parallels to the recent outing of JT Leroy as a fraud .
The story is fascinating and often disturbing , but the film never really gets beneath the surface .
The slippery natures of truth , fiction , lies , and wishful thinking ... get full play in the screen adaptation of The Night Listener .
The thriller is relatively consistent at maintaining the suspense and dramatic tension that made the original work of fiction so compelling to the celebrated writer 's loyal group of fans .
By the time the credits rolled I was bored rather than stunned by the revelations within the movie and I just want these type of reversal/twist movies to get better , or go away .








@highlight

This psychological thriller compels by blurring the line between truth and fiction ; unfortunately , the film itself gets muddled in a hazy account of Maupin 's original novel .