While it 's not among Tarr 's greatest works , this self-proclaimed final film could not be a more fitting conclusion to a great career , in its strict adherence to both his formal and thematic tendencies .
... the images in The Turin Horse become in many ways the inner thoughts of its two characters , even as the characters exist inside the images .
Deeply pessimistic but cinematically radiant take on the futility of existence .
This great poem on the end of the world is truly a film for the ages . It ca n't really be described , but only lived .
No movie could possibly live up to the monumental , forbidding grandeur of The Turin Horse 's lengthy opening shot , but -LSB- Bela Tarr -RSB- ... goes ahead and attempts the impossible , and comes frighteningly close to succeeding .
This film seems to imply that non-existence is preferable to existence . Some people feel that way , but I wish they would keep it to themselves and not inflict this on others through this kind of media .
`` The Turin Horse '' is an existential provocation to its audience , demanding that we consider the effect of man 's judgments against nature and ultimately against ourselves .
Though a heavy and somnolent watch and not for all tastes , it has redeeming value for being so full of reality .
`` The Turin Horse '' is a parable , which means it 's both very simple and very weighty . It 's not about event and emotion , but duration and endurance .
-LSB- Tarr 's -RSB- most direct and overtly compassionate film .
Rumoured to be his last picture , this reverently photographed monotony is closer to caricature than a final valedictory artwork .
The themes are death , compassion and endurance , but it is n't clear how specific the allegory is . At the end , however , you feel - like the wedding guest buttonholed by the Ancient Mariner - that you 've had an experience .
Do n't miss this two-and-half hour allegorical meditation on death . No , really .
So if The Turin Horse 's bleak close also represents lights out for one of Europe 's most extraordinary film artists , he exits the set with a truly sublime memento mori .
Little happens and everything that does is open to interpretation but feels like a gruelling reflection on a world at the end of time .
The movie exerts an eerie grip , with echoes of Bresson , Bergman and Dreyer , but is utterly distinctive : a vision of a world going inexorably into a final darkness .
Thrilling , beautiful and nearly heart-stopping ...
It feels like the creation story in reverse -- a terrible , unavoidable walk into the dark .
A magnificent , towering achievement .
If you 've got the stomach for it this is an intoxicating vision of life at the end of its tether .
This film takes work , but its effect , once you 've opened yourself to it , is profound .
The good news is that a new Bela Tarr movie is here . The bad news is that Tarr , who is easily one of the greatest filmmakers alive today -- and perhaps of all time -- has announced that The Turin Horse will be his last .
Ohlsdorfer and his daughter are incidental , elements in a landscape , unable to affect it or their fate , no matter their puny efforts to maintain routine , perhaps the most alarming sign of their so-called civilization .
Through Tarr 's meticulous vision , these ordinary hardships take on cosmic weight ; this is tedium vividly rendered .
If this truly is Bela Tarr 's final film , there 's no arguing he bows out with something extraordinary that no other director could have imagined .
An intentionally monotonous look at the lives of a farmer and his daughter . Strange events signal the end is nigh , but it approaches at the pace of a lethargic inchworm .
One of the finest and most sublimely harrowing depictions of the End Times that I have ever seen in a movie .
Mihály Vig 's dirge-like soundtrack underscores the eloquent futility , which makes Bresson 's Balthazar seem Disney-like .
Tarr says this is his last movie . And it feels like it . After you 've ended the entire world , not with a giant planet collision like Lars Von Trier did in Melancholia but by simply shooting out the lights , what else is there ?
Starkly beautiful and exceedingly demanding , `` The Turin Horse , '' which Hungarian master Béla Tarr has said will be his last film , is both easy and impossible to define .
The film is stunningly shot by Fred Kelemen , whose camera snakes around the one room interior of the humble home of 58 year-old cab driver Ohlsdorfer -LRB- János Derzsi , with a face Albrecht Dürer would have loved -RRB- and his daughter ...
Hungary 's Oscar entry for Best Foreign Film , Béla Tarr 's final work is a masterwork . Although a masterwork beyond most viewers ' appreciation .
It 's a visually arresting and original work that Tarr 's small legion of fans will likely enjoy .
A sumptuous masterpiece by one of the greatest moviemakers of all time .
Displays Mr. Tarr 's uncompromising , atavistic commitment to darkness , difficulty and lapidary pictorial sublimity .
The Turin Horse is an absolute vision , masterly and enveloping in a way that less personal , more conventional movies are not . The film does n't seduce ; it commands .
mesmerizing
If ... one has a need to cleanse their palate of even indie fare that seems familiar and cookie-cutter , this immersive , contemplative , black-and-white film may , in its way , be invigorating .
Astonishingly powerful on its own uncompromising terms .
Alas , there 's some risibly bad stuff here , too -- mainly contentwise -- that even Tarr 's passionate fans will balk at .
Tarr , who is only 56 , claims The Turin Horse as his last film , and it 's hard to imagine a follow-up .
Hungarian auteur Bela Tarr 's final work , an historical tale that 's both particular and universal , bears his unmistakable aesthetic signature .
Tarr turns the particular universal ; this family 's subsistence reflects ordeals faced daily throughout the world , even today ...
Watching them is something like visiting the world 's most fantastic art museum and taking an ice-cold shower , both at the same time .
There 's a quietude to its stillness , which Tarr likens to a kind of gift .
Béla Tarr is the cinema 's greatest crafter of total environments and in The Turin Horse , working in his most restricted physical setting since 1984 's Almanac of Fall , he dials up one of his most vividly immersive milieus .
If Tarr merely wanted to express to the audience just how austere and unpleasant the lives of these farmers are , well , mission absolutely accomplished .
The framing , lighting and composition are masterful , and the use of long takes from the omnipresent roving camera generates an extraordinary energy .
Those who ca n't buy in to the long takes , frequently static camerawork and repetetive style , will struggle to stay fidget-free . Yet , if you are willing to fall into Tarr 's deliberate rhythm , there is a beauty to his story .
It 's a shame to think of this heroically uncompromising director shutting up shop , but if he does , The Turin Horse is a magnificent farewell .
The answers are a mystery , but no detail , however mundane , is accidental in Tarr 's meticulously constructed allegory .
Monotonous and repetitive , the black-and-white production runs 146 very long minutes as the two go about their mind-numbing daily routines accompanied by a sonorous musical dirge that is as relentless as the ferocious winds outside .


@highlight

Uncompromisingly bold and hauntingly beautiful , Bela Tarr 's bleak parable tells a simple story with weighty conviction .