Pollack is not a particularly introspective documentary maker ; he is content to let his subject merely expound and ramble at length . However , in Gehry 's case , this actually works . He is a good raconteur : witty and amiable .
-LRB- ... -RRB- Un documental que debería ver todo aquel que alguna vez haya sentido la necesidad o las ganas de crear algo , ya sea una pieza de cerámica , un edificio o una película .
The result is a persuasive movie which proves beyond doubt that at least some geniuses are intensely practical as well as intuitive .
While Pollack continually favours celebrity gush over objective analysis , the shots of Gehry 's buildings - the Guggenheim in Bilbao being the centrepiece - and his stunning use of light do make a case for him as a genuine visionary .
The questioning is skin-deep and Pollack 's handheld DV approach does n't show the buildings at their best .
What 's missing is a critical edge .
an intelligent piece of partisan adoration - although he gives some space to Gehry 's detractors , too .
Ultimately the picture is as revealing about the director as it is about the subject . But it wo n't appeal to those who like their documentaries to come armed with teeth .
A fond and always accessible portrait , but the lack of objectivity and drooling images of Gehry 's work deprives this documentary of any objectivity .
More a thumbnail than a full portrait .
too vague for real insight , too conventional to match its subject 's iconoclasm , and too affectionate to offer a truly critical account of the Gehry phenomenon .
-LSB- Pollack -RSB- and Gehry share a long friendship , which is evident in this elegant , diverting , affectionate documentary .
Watching Frank work in his studio is a lesson in creativity . He seems to pride himself on buildings with no right angles ; it all comes together to create facades that stand out in a skyline .
The film is a credit to Sydney Pollack , whose warm and intelligent style infiltrates this fascinating documentary allowing us the pleasure of spending some time with an architect whose approach to design is as fundamental as to life itself
Pollack 's documentary is a friendly affair that presents some stunning footage of several Gehry projects .
Sketches is n't for everyone , as enjoyment requires at least an elementary interest in architecture or art . Anyone who meets that requirement will receive not only a nice portrait of Gehry the person , but a great survey of his work .
. . curious and sometimes magical .
... it 's probably the best movie Pollack has made in awhile .
A lovable softball documentary on a lovable acclaimed architect famous for his controversial unique looping indescribable structures .
An allusive and elusive tracing of the man and his work that also offers a rueful rumination on the artistic process .
The film has lovely moments -- Gehry buildings can be extremely photogenic , after all -- but it does n't sink its teeth in the way it probably should .
A refreshingly small-scale film , almost a home movie made by the director of such films as Tootsie , Out of Africa and The Way We Were .
Though a little more depth would have been appreciated , there is just enough of it on display in this film to inspire those to do what I did and begin looking up Gehry and his work for themselves .
Because the two men are long-time friends , viewers get a sense of openness and like-minded artistic attitudes that far exceed what you might get from a more conventional documentary .
The film is almost entirely a love letter between similarly minded colleagues of different disciplines . They do n't speak the same language , but the admiration is mutual .
Not just instructive , but reassuring for anyone who does creative work , and who worries , as everyone does , about being equal to the task .
As fascinating and faceted as its subject .
What 's most interesting about this coffee-table book of a movie is its exposure of the media-architectural complex .
What the filmmaker omits are precisely the laymen the movie set out to explain Gehry to .
Whatever you think of his legacy , Pollack 's film makes a firm case for Gehry 's complexity and the power of his ideas .
What benefits the picture early on , giving it a casual air , becomes cloying in the later going , making it feel like a smug exercise in mutual admiration .
It is a few meaningful glimpses into the mind and life of a man who resists being seen as complex and singular .
Even nonfans will find something interesting in the conversations with Pollack , in which the architect comes off as curious , funny and willing to reveal his own doubts .
While Gehry the man is worth the investment of time in this film , it 's his singular buildings that we really want to get to know better than just sketches .
Pollock , who narrates , admits he knows nothing about architecture , which accounts for the film 's shapelessness .
Director Sydney Pollack tries to pry open Gehry 's head and allow the audience to see the world from his perspective .
I think every time Gehry comes into a city and adds his signature , it just makes the people in the city proud of it .
If Sketches of Frank Gehry fails to reconcile these extroverted buildings with their apparently introverted maker , it offers some heartfelt appreciation .
There are also a few critics brought in to provide balance , although Pollack 's opinion is clear : Gehry is a genius . Having gazed upon the Guggenheim and the Disney and sat happily on the grass beneath the Spider 's web , I think so , too .
An engaging , if incomplete , tribute that gives the director , as well as the subject , the opportunity to shine .
In its own relaxed , meandering way it offers valuable insights into how a major artist thinks and works .
Gehry 's theory -- the less technical the approach , the more human the end result -- is proven time and again in this diverting portrait of America 's most famous living architect .
The movie turned out about as well as you might expect from something that dares to open with a frank declaration of the director 's incompetence and lack of insight .
The parameters of Gehry 's genius , as suggested by Pollack , are essentially the same as those captured in generations of cliched artist biopics .
It meanders agreeably , through some striking buildings and pleasant conversations , and by its end you feel as if you 've met somebody .
Look at Gehry . Look at the work . Neither he nor we can be sure precisely how so many glorious buildings came into being . That 's the beauty of transcendence . Right there in front of Pollack 's camera .
Genius is complicated . But it 's also simple , and director Sydney Pollack bounces us back and forth between those indisputable truths with intelligence and flair .
Pollack is too friendly with his subject -LRB- almost to the point of having a man crush on Gehry -RRB- , so the theme of Sketches of Frank Gehry is reduced to , ` I think Frank Gehry is super awesome , and you should , too '
... a brief but marvelous digest introduction to the sculptural art and artist .
A riveting portrait of an American icon .
How much more persuasive Sketches of Frank Gehry might have been had Pollack differentiated degrees of achievement in Gehry 's work .
Perhaps less a form-giver than a brash structural animator , Gehry has made edifices both exquisite and exhibitionistic .
A number of interesting questions go unasked and some only unanswered , but what is there is still more that is worthwhile .
Agreeably educational and delightfully illuminating .
Pollack 's savvy camera work lets us walk in and around -LSB- Gehry 's -RSB- designs ... presented such that they seem the perfect external manifestation of being in this guy 's head
Gehry , a cheerful , energetic , self-deprecating man closing in on his 80th birthday , makes for an engaging subject .
Even the professional critics who take part have been rendered toothless by Pollack 's approach to the subject -- or simply by Karen Schmeer 's editing .
Though Gehry and Pollack have long been friends , the veteran Hollywood director confesses early on to being an architecture neophyte , and so much of the film 's sprightly energy stems from its combination of expert research and amateur enthusiasm .
It reveals a little about an architect 's craft and thought process , but mostly it 's about Gehry himself , the man , the myth , the legend .
Even if you know nothing of Gehry 's designs , you 'll be immediately and completely engrossed in the story and the images .
Rescued from its inclination to smug , celebrity-testimonial - driven hagiography by Gehry 's own considerable charm and infectious enthusiasm .
Less a documentary than a self-important tribute to a longtime friend .
It 's a low-key , intimate conversation between two buddies who , as Pollack -- the Oscar-winning director of Out of Africa -- puts it , are ` trying to find ways of creative expression within industries that make stringent demands . '
An overly reverent but intermittently compelling homage to an iconoclastic genius ...
There 's a casual informality to Pollack 's documentary technique ... results are semi-revealing .
This is the real Art School Confidential .
Sketches of Frank Gehry respects the essential enigma of its subject even as it illuminates his ways of thinking about form , space and construction .
We are seduced by the rules-busting fabulousness of Gehry 's output -- all a-tumble with cubist edges , spirals and crinkle-cut effects , done up on a massive scale . But we are also disarmed by the architect 's persona .
Pollack directed with mixed results this adulatory documentary about his famous architect friend .
Pollack uses the film to show the a wide sampling of Gerry 's stunning work , buildings that seem to defy the laws of gravity .
Danged if the seductive documentary -- Pollack 's first -- does n't come to resemble a Gehry building itself , all brash , eye-catching , a tad vain , and attractively neurotic .
An intelligent , lucid and affectionate sketch of one of the world 's leading architects .
-LSB- An -RSB- enjoyably breezy portrait .
It 's really a compelling homage with insight into the creative process .
We get a fascinating glimpse into Gehry 's design process , which always begins at his sketchpad .
the film works because Gehry is what everyone wishes celebrities and artists to be : down to earth
Sketches ultimately allows the controversial , breathtakingly unusual buildings themselves to make the case for the architect 's inimitable greatness .
Lucid and engaging , Sketches of Frank Gehry provides the enormously gratifying opportunity to spend an hour-and-a-half with an artistic giant .


@highlight

This affectionate , casually framed portrait of the acclaimed architect reveals him to be an engaging , likeable subject .