The grinding noises you hear are the gears of this labored French comedy straining to keep a ridiculously convoluted narrative moving along .
A limp , smirky lark .
The movie , written and directed by Andrew Litvack , a protégé of Ismail Merchant and James Ivory , strains to be the ne plus ultra of arch , hyper-sophisticated fun , but the laughs are few .
An arch , clumsy effort ... not only poorly written but ineptly staged ... Mercy !
Merci Docteur Rey , which occasionally works as a passable farce , stoops to the sight gag of vomit .
Merci for nothing , Docteur Rey .
While the cast of Merci Docteur Rey gives it a good shot , this romp stumbles a bit .
It 's as if Litvack tossed all these bad gags , multiple storylines and kooky characters into a blender and hit puree .
What is all too apparent on the screen is a general pointless ineptitude , particularly dire in circumstances which require both material and handling to be done with the most effervescent of skill .
Brainless and pointless .
Tries too hard to be madcap .
In this comedy of murder , there is exactly one laugh , involving a dress and wallpaper , which is one more than there is of a real human moment or emotion .
There 's much ado about very little in this flimsy , fallible Gallic comedy/melodrama which confounds with its complex , voyeuristic incongruity .
This is less a coming-out tale than a showcase for late-middle - aged hysterical divas in flowing caftans to yell , scream and ride roughshod over the young homosexuals who are nominally the movie 's center .
With Yank Andrew Litvack pinch-hitting for producers Ismail Merchant and James Ivory , Merci is free of much of that M-I pomposity , replacing it with an unnerving drollness .
It comes off as forced wackiness of the worst kind , at once cloddish and faux-sophisticated .
Lacks the sophistication it needs to be truly effective , hopelessly lost in its unfunny gags and weak plotting .
Ghastly .
A horribly mannered , self-conscious film that gets more tiresome as it goes along .
The efforts of an experienced cast ... ca n't invigorate the tedious screenplay or distract from the stilted direction .



@highlight

This overly wacky farce strains for sophistication but lacks polish and a coherent narrative .