Maaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaan , Dope delivered with interest .
The actors in this are all great . They do a wonderful job of making these really full , fleshed out characters .
It 's a really terrific movie , sharp-witted and funny and frank without being cynical .
The film falls so hard off its course that I basically checked out after about 40 minutes .
There are plenty of reasons to love Dope : breakout performances ... an irresistible , caper-filled plot that 's perfect for carefree early summer . But the film 's spot-on reinterpretation of late eighties and nineties fashion is also a major draw .
What I love most about Dope is director Famuyiwa 's confidence in his audience .
Dope feels a lot like vintage Spike Lee in how Famuyiwa plays it for comedy , but ca n't resist the urge to drop some wisdom on you too .
Moore is fantastic as Malcolm , bringing just the right kind of dorky fidgetiness to the role .
It 's kind of facile and kind of corny , but I do n't know ... kind of important , too .
Shot lightly and edited to the rhythm of rap music , Dope is a really fun movie that works despite the unnecessary moral message . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A shooting star of a film that comes dangerously close to succumbing its own scatterbrained screenplay .
Not without its problems , but mostly a smart , engaging , bigotry-busting escapade with a hugely appealing young cast and an unflaggingly cheerful optimism .
A witty , highly entertaining blend of a multitude of genres , one that could truly be great if a bit more compressed .
... a quirky tale of life in the Inglewood hood for three high school geeks with a passion of nineties hip-hip , is lively , snappy , and great fun , even with the threat of violence hanging over them throughout their strange adventure .
Famuyiwa 's coming-of-age/drug-caper comedy is a smart and refreshing take on a frequently derivative subgenre .
Malcolm is an amalgam of many things , and so is Dope , although neither is a cliché .
Dope ... won my vote for best film of the summer ... And unless anything else blows me the hell away between now and December , it 'll be my favorite movie of the year .
` Dope ' engages in dialogue with its coming-of-age teen-movie predecessors on both sides of the color line -- and invites the audience to join the conversation .
Fresh and funny and mercifully free of angst-ridden navel-gazing .
The film 's primary colour palette provides a satirical antidote to cinema 's more familiar gangsta hues .
What is refreshing about Dope is its cheerful irreverence .
The setting and these traits - including Diggy 's slippery sexuality - ensure that Dope never becomes just another laddish adventure pivoting around a bag of drugs .
Fast , loose and smarter than it looks , Dope has a point to make and has fun making it .
The stakes are high , but Dope is far from grim : it 's a fast , funky and good-hearted take on the urban heist movie .
An authentic inner-city parable that fails to live up to its initial promise .
A smart riposte to the ` hood drama stereotype . Dope is funny , stylish and mostly exuberant fun .
This coming of age story set in South Central LA may not know quite what it wants to say , but it sure has fun saying it .
Dope is a high-school comedy written with wit , brio and the unexpected twist of a geeky hero who wants to go to Harvard , but finds himself in -LSB- a -RSB- drug-dealing snakepit .
Dope is a film that you find yourself longing to like , but the strain of disappointment takes its toll .
Mixing pep and purpose , Dope lands with the punchy immediacy of its title .
Dope is an effective celebration of friendship , sculpted hair and sweet bike rides .
Dope maybe has something to say about race and racism and masculinity -- but the film rarely takes a moment to actually listen to itself .
Pulsing with a loopy , anything-goes energy truly unique to itself , Dope bounces all over the screen as one of the freshest releases of 2015 .
Dope mixes comedy , drama , romance , crime , cautionary tale , music video and more , resulting in a wild ride across genres and styles .
Rather than judging his characters for turning to crime , Famuyiwa makes society the target of his anger ; implying that in an unequal world , even a kid as bright as Malcolm has little chance of succeeding by honest methods alone .
The mood is restless , the tone is energetic , and influences are embraced and discarded quicker than you can say : `` We Are the Best adolescent Pulp Fiction on the Go this year '' .
Combined with a sugary-pop sensibility and dialogue that constantly feels a beat behind , Dope feels more like the fun of Yo Gabba Gabba ! than a serious exploration of street life , leaving less bark and even fewer bites .
Exhilarating , terrifying , and terribly funny .
While it ca n't quite escape the limits of that formula , it is an inspired , entertaining wild ride enriched by engaging characters .
No wonder ` Dope ' was a favorite at Sundance .
The first half of Dope is grounded in infectious authenticity ; the second half is haphazard .
It 's spectacularly ambitious and only intermittently successful .
Feels a lot like someone 's first movie , even though it 's Famuyiwa 's fourth ... . But it mostly hangs together pretty well .
This dope coming-of-age comedy is about dopes and dope dealers , but it 's also a heartfelt and perceptive examination of cultural trends with style and energy to spare .
Pointed social agenda elevates `` Dope . ''
Even when it threatens to fall apart at the seams , the movie 's good will and heart save the day and , as for Moore , scene for scene , the guy 's never less than right on time .
Famuyiwa 's fifth film sets itself apart from gritty urban dramas with its non-conformist leads , bounce and cheerful aesthetic that skilfully fuses the retro and contemporary .
The movie is overly ambitious but never dull , and the ensemble cast is fun to watch .
Dope feels like at least four different movies crammed into one .
... borders on the desperate , but its brash , ca n't - box-me-in spirit wins out in the end .
A smart bag of references , to both modern meme culture and bygone music and movies , Dope is neither pastiche nor misty-eyed nostalgia .
Dope may know what identities it wants to subvert , but it 's not quite sure what identity it wants to have .
Raw and raucous , it 's an irreverent riff on the duality of race relations in America ...
Moore gives a performance layered with energy , and Famuyiwa 's direction is equally charismatic .
The film 's rascally kineticism very nearly compensates for its underdeveloped ideas .
Dope is not only one of the most vibrant films we 've seen this year , but the most tender .
All the ingredients for something special coalesce , including an outstanding performance from a fresh-faced Shameik Moore as Malcolm , a fragile everyteen sporting a flat-top straight out of Kid 'n' Play .
Flawed but fresh , Dope revolves around an appealing cast
The film 's ability to confound expectations while delivering some big laughs may be its most crowd-pleasing characteristic but the anti-stereotype message rings clear as a bell throughout .
Rick Famuyiwa has transposed John Hughes ' teen angst to the black inner-city experience .
balances the basics of a clever , coming of age comedy with the equally important elements of a -LRB- minor -RRB- action film
Dope is , at its very best , a throwback to that time when the joyful hip-hop of Kid 'N Play bumped up against the social consciousness of N.W.A. , and all of it mixed together to create something whose force could n't be denied .
`` Dope '' is dope thanks to Famuyiwa 's deft touch and his blast of a cast .
A curiously refreshing combo of Harold & Kumar plus Menace II Society .
The lively performances and funky comic energy keep it hopping , even as it 's busily hopping all over the place .
I 'm not sure Dope offers anything more than a good time , but it offers a very good time .
Dope 's biggest strength lies in its affectionate and honest portrait of a different kind of young urban blackness than we 're used to seeing on movie screens .
It 's got a lot of heart , more than you 'd expect from a comedy and less than you 'd expect from a drama . That genre switching is its main failing , though .
Dope is a smart urban homage to the legacy of John Hughes films , but still manages to distinguish itself as something uniquely special .
Brilliant , mature coming-of-age story explores race , class .
Who could have imagined that a movie that so boldly challenges perceptions about race and class in America could also be so much fun ?
Moore , in his `` House Party '' high top fade , grounds the film as the nice , unassuming young man whose ingenuity paired with a useful buddy from band camp squeezes him through some hilarious scrapes .
The film feels off-kilter more often than not , though it is n't without its inspired , successful moments .
The movie , frankly , is a mess in terms of story . Its themes , though , are clear and resonant .
Even as Famuyiwa acknowledges the preconceptions that Malcolm 's blackness engenders , he invites audiences to identify with the character on the basis of his relatable interests , aspirations and vulnerabilities .
When so many black movie characters are simple stereotypes , it 's a pleasure to see a film with real wit about the benefits and pitfalls of playing to and against those expectations .
`` Dope '' may be the perfect movie for the summer of 2015 .
`` Dope '' is too smart and lively to be dismissed . It 's even original in its mixing of ingredients , however unoriginal those ingredients may be . But it 's also unfeeling and , beneath its in-the-hood surface , as much a bit of artifice as a Wes Anderson movie .
Dope is a funky-fresh take on today 's `` hood '' culture that 's surprisingly empowering when Malcolm 's coming-of-age story steps front and center .
`` Dope '' is , in the end , just another unfunny grab bag of stereotypes . Do n't believe the hype .
Writer-director Rick Famuyiwa ... doubles down on an applying-to-Harvard satire that both upends demographic expectations while insisting -LRB- at times a bit strenuously -RRB- that we all aim a little higher .
A narrative as freewheeling as this one might ordinarily daze and confuse . But Malcolm makes for such a forceful character , it 's easy to go along with whatever direction he 's headed in .
Dope digs into racial culture in a real way with Malcolm struggling with the fact that he does n't fit being a geek or a menace to society , and it 's a hoot to root him on as he finds his place somewhere in between .
It 's not always a perfect movie , but it really knows what it feels like to be alive , and there 's a good chance it will push you out the theatre door reverberating with its potent and particular energy .
Fresh and vibrant , mixing old-school attitude with youthful intelligence and vigor .
Mr. Famuyiwa ... shoves disparate genre elements together as if pulling jigsaw puzzle pieces from a half-dozen different boxes , and if the finished work is n't quite convincing , it 's still fun to look at .
This vibrant film is a bit of a mess , but it 's a beautiful one .
The film works best in its first 30 or so minutes as we 're introduced to the various characters and watch them interact . -LRB- Full Content Review -- Sex , Profanity , Violence , etc. -- for Parents also available -RRB-
With a script that wears its wistfully reflective heart on its sleeve ... Dope is one of those gems buried in the summer box office .
Be sure to stay for the end credits . No other summer-movie credit crawl is going to get audiences dusting off their old Running Man and Cabbage Patch dance moves like this one . Take that , Jurassic World .
Dope is interesting to observe as a movie that takes a relatively simple idea and overburdens it with a few too many plot points , characters , and/or thematic concerns .
The tone is fast and funny , with a modern `` Risky Business '' or `` Ferris Bueller 's Day Off '' vibe , but there 's an additional layer that stems from the violence of the neighborhood .
A freewheeling comedy about sex , drugs and identity politics .
The movie itself coasts on energy , even if its presentation teeters between charming and amateurish .
Points for being different ; points off for being sloppy .
If `` Dope '' were as earnest as Malcolm seems to be , you might expect it to be a bit of a bore . No worries on that count , though .
If you like your comedies scripted rather than seemingly improvised or if you thrill to see stories at war with cliché , Dope is the feel-good , crowd-pleaser of the summer .
The acting is uniformly good . This is Moore 's first big role , and he delivers a performance both entertaining and believable .
It 's refreshing for sure , but the movie is tonally erratic , leaving the viewer with a mixed message .
Here is the rare movie overstuffed with memorable moments that would have been better if there had been fewer of them .
This is the first feature film role for Moore and he delivers a performance that is sweet , smart , naive and -- when needed -- tough . His performance comes across as strong as many veteran actors .
The tone of `` Dope '' is very interesting - funny , but rarely stupid-funny . The film does not wear its serious observations , about aspirations and realities and hypocrisies of all kinds -LRB- not just racial -RRB- , in a heavy fashion .
It 's downright dainty as far as plot , but a mostly tasty layer cake of drugs , jokes , sex , jokes , cool young cast members , jokes , 1992 hip-hop , cartoony characters , a heist and a lot more jokes .
`` Dope '' is funny , slick and sharp .
All three leads are charming , and together , they convey a real sense of camaraderie , the kind that only develop between misfits who find each other .
Dope is a movie about '90s hip-hop and black culture , but it feels like a throwback in other ways too .
`` Dope '' is the bomb .
A liberating , full-throttle comedy not about the ethics of selling drugs , but about the ability of one smart black kid to do the math , and reconfigure Dope into a slippery slope of hope .
`` Dope '' has so much going on , and accomplishes so many things , that it 's practically a miracle .
Whatever definition of `` dope '' you prefer , it applies to Rick Famuyiwa 's movie . Dope is a drug caper involving teenagers doing stupid things for the geeks they are , the kind John Hughes might have written if he allowed black people in his movies .
Despite jarring shifts in tone , the film deftly raises important issues about socioeconomics and race in America without sermonizing its audience .
Although there are too many story strands thrown in for good measure , Rachel Morrison 's cinematography and Lee Haugen 's editing keep the film fluid and buoyant .
Equal parts righteously pissed and anxious fun - a film to debate but only after you 've laughed your ass off .
Decently entertaining but uneven and full of thinly drawn characters .
It has style and caustic , primitive screenwriting , but its soullessness seems at odds with its cheery ambition , delivering a whole mess of unappealing behavior in a movie about an underdog .
`` Dope '' has energy and smarts and a heart in all the right places .
Mixes winning comedic moments with serious , life-or-death situations , often at the same time .
In an era full of indifferent , cookie-cutter indies , an excess of ideas and personality is hardly a bad thing .
Moore , who 's done some TV work and is also a singer and dancer , emerges as a genuine movie star in `` Dope . '' He 's very good looking and has charisma to burn , and he controls the screen in every scene he 's in . Which is practically every scene .
A brisk , funny tale in neo-Hughes mode ... energetic and quick .
As a comedy , the film is n't especially funny , and as a screwball drug caper a la `` Go , '' it 's raggedly plotted , with ridiculous coincidences popping up everywhere .
Shameik Moore gives a smashing breakout performance in a comedy of social expectation that plays like an exhilarating gift .
While Famuyiwa deserves the lion 's share of acclaim for making `` Dope '' such an inventive , hyperactive and electrifying comedy , it is Moore who gives `` Dope '' its big heart .
Without CGI , superheroes or recycled dinosaurs , thus far , Dope is the best film of the year .
Shameik Moore is a forceful , sympathetic locus , with an appealing gentleness of spirit that in no way seems entirely innocent . There 's a drive there . As for Zoe Kravitz , she is having one terrific year .
Ambitious , smart , funny -- kind of loses itself in the violent drug trade portion of the story , but easily the most daring comedy of the summer .
A rollicking roller coaster ride around the ` hood that 's basically a hilarious cross between Kid and Play 's House Party -LRB- 1990 -RRB- and Harold & Kumar Go to White Castle -LRB- 2004 -RRB- .
A completely refreshing take on the coming-of-age comedy that succeeds by hewing closely to the subgenre 's tropes while deftly turning them upside down .
A fantastical , slight , and occasionally fun , hip hop-scored romp .
A coming-of-age tale with bite , introducing a talented new cast to the world in what may be the summer 's freshest film .
Fresh and original movie where geeks meet street with very funny consequences . A terrific cast and smart script make this Sundance sensation a summer winner .
Dope shines with '90s attitude , classic hip-hop tunes and a star-making performance by Shameik Moore .
Dope is a mess of styles and mixed signals , a pulp fiction that mostly tend to its loyalties to other cine-odysseys through the streets of Los Angeles .
Again and again , Dope puts us in Malcolm 's Air Jordans , letting us sweat or fear or hope right with him .
The result is a vital film that 's by turns funny , tragic , exciting and thought-provoking .
A game , up-and-coming young cast and kicking retro soundtrack just about get it over some tricky tonal swerves and problematic plotting .
The unexpected comedy bits , great music and an insightful point of view all contribute to making `` Dope '' something special , but it simply would n't fly without Moore .
Like an urban Risky Business . I got ta say it - DOPE is dope !
It 's about kids who we 're generally not asked to care about : a cast almost entirely made up of actors of colour .
Dope is a smart if not hefty comedy by a filmmaker who has a lot to say and yet still much to learn .
Dope does n't seem like it has much discipline or focus , but its frantic forward momentum and haphazard mixture of styles , although demonstratively entertaining , should n't distract from a rather pointed political message about race in America .
`` Dope '' is about the dreams and aspirations of outsiders . And while a little swollen narratively , it 's supercool vitality is much like the blithe Will Smith `` Summertime '' song the character 's references : something very close to a new classic .
A fast-paced throwback that is a little like a mix of House Party and Boyz n the Hood
It 's an incredibly smart hybrid film that captures the modern life of an American teen in Inglewood , California in a way that we 've never seen before .
A funny and often intelligent crowd-pleaser about three geeks who get smart about drug-dealing .
The cast , drawn from comedy , rap , TV , modeling and other spheres , is sharply on form throughout , as is Famuyiwa 's direction ; the pic 's esprit is amplified by every editorial trick in the book , from split-screen to freeze-frames .

@highlight

Featuring a starmaking performance from Shameik Moore and a refreshingly original point of view from writer-director Rick Famuyiwa , Dope is smart , insightful entertainment .