... as if by magic , everything comes together in a super weird but completely functional story . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The fact that the story takes place in an imagined world in the most genuinely real of ways is the film 's most refreshing and deeply charming quality .
` Fantastic Mr. Fox ' may be the purest distillation of Anderson 's specific , inimitable style .
Visually , the movie is a wonder , with its profusion of detail and exquisitely focussed `` performances '' by the figurines , whom Anderson frames in images as precisely composed as those in his live-action work .
If Fantastic Mr Fox feels like Anderson 's freshest film since Rushmore , that can only be due to the animation . Beneath those tactile textures , there 's nothing you could strictly call fantastic .
Fantastic Mr. Fox is gorgeous and fanciful , with a glorious stop-motion animation style of its own .
No matter how thin the narrative clay gets in this stop-motion animated piece , there 's more than enough faux fur to make you purr from plush-toy flashbacks .
It 's the perfect animation format for Wes Anderson and makes permeable Anderson 's frequently airtight outlook .
Though Anderson 's trademark deadpan banter and clever silliness are in full force , the script is no less sophisticated than anything out of the filmmaker 's catalogue .
This slender story is told with droll wit , clever staging and doll house charm thanks to Fox 's use of old-fashioned , stop-motion animation .
Adorned with all the adolescent fetishes of his previous films , its stop-action animation world suits Anderson , allowing him to create the perfect playground for his deadpan sense of humor and relentless examination of familial anxiety .
The resulting aural authenticity makes for a nice contrast with the look of the actual figurines , which are n't realistic but have been beautifully crafted and posed throughout the picture .
Sometimes too clever by half , the film , replete with in-jokes , may in some ways work better for adults . Meryl Streep , Bill Murray , and Jason Schwarztman also provide adept voice work .
With its lush autumnal palette and hijinks worthy of Max Fisher or Dignan , the result is a film that only Wes Anderson could have made .
It 's an action movie of sorts . The story is fired by Tarantino-like bursts of comic action and a brisk , off-kilter wit .
There are legions who will be as tickled by this movie as Wes Anderson himself , who must be in awe of how close this meticulously constructed fantasy comes to the original vision in his head .
That melancholy tug of Anderson 's work is still present here , but Fantastic Mr. Fox may be his most purely pleasurable film to date , evoking the Dahl books and Rankin-Bass productions that so transported him as a kid .
t 's entertaining and tolerable in a way that I fear is n't ultimately good for Anderson , but works here .
Anderson wants to turn his fox family into another version of the dysfunctional families that regularly pop up in his work . And this is where his adaptation really rubs against the grain of the original .
Adults will really appreciate oddball whole that Anderson serves up here .
It 's also a fairly entertaining children 's story . But for kids ? Let 's say it 's a film for Wes Anderson .
Ocean 's 11 as it might look played out with poseable-puppet animals .
A boisterous and magnificent treat .
It not only looks scruffishly beautiful , but it 's hilariously off-balance , warm-hearted , perfectly composed and detailed -LRB- like every other Wes Anderson movie -RRB- and casually but meaningfully acted .
Fantastic Mr. Fox stops short of being a potential classic . It 's just done extremely well .
Fantastic Mr. Fox is oddly hilarious , enthralling and overwhelmingly heartwarming ; it might even be the best film of Anderson 's oeuvre .
Stop-motion animation filmed at half-speed , it 's like a living pop-up book . Landscapes resemble carpet remnants and fire extinguishers plume what looks like cotton candy . Wes Anderson 's team boundlessly , buoyantly fill each frame with fine flourishes .
It is a sweet film with some lovable moments , but it will take a more ambitious role of the dice to restore Anderson to his former lofty status .
nobody can deny that this was a Herculean task , and Anderson has succeeded where so many filmmakers would have failed .
Funny , eccentric and great-looking , Fantastic Mr. Fox is utterly unique and highly entertaining .
Wes Anderson 's stop-motion animation is perhaps the purest distillation yet of his nerveless twee cinema of quirk ; it economically summarizes his themes of family and outsiderism through remarkably detailed models of forest creatures .
Playfulness permeates every frame with inventiveness both visual and verbal -LRB- and an eye toward appealing to both children and adults -RRB- in this quintessential Wes Anderson film .
A little nonsense now and then is relished by the wisest men .
A visual flair ca n't rescue an awkardly edited , talky film with little accessible wit -- hard to imagine even the most patient child or their parents not being bored stiff .
Though the animals may just be wild , Fantastic Mr. Fox is a neatly contained film of family and friendship . And there 's something kind of fantastic about that , is n't there ?
Although funny and suspenseful , Wes Anderson 's style may be a little too obscure to carry over to the family film genre , but that certainly wo n't stop those of us who grew up with the story from getting nostalgic .
Une escapade réussie dans le domaine de l'animation pour le réalisateur qui aura su y reproduire cet univers chaleureux dans lequel il est toujours si agréable de se replonger
With one creative genius adapting the work of another , the result is a mesmeric , visual feast , a host of adorable eccentric characters and a truly wonderful , kid friendly , caper .
The film incorporates all the quiet , improvisational style , dry humor delivery as found in other Anderson pictures , but combined with the proletarian fluidity of the animation ; the result for audiences is a gleeful trance-like holiday .
An alluring and curious hybrid of Roald Dahl 's rich and dark storytelling and Wes Anderson 's eccentric and erratic film mind .
Anderson brings all of his quirks into the animation world , and it works .
Has the anarchistic and madcap charm of an old Chuck Jones Warner Brothers movie .
Imagined with large doses of wit and brio , Roald Dahl 's children 's story is a larger than life fantasy for all ages , brilliantly adapted to the screen and showcasing voice talents led by George Clooney as the likeably roguish Mr. Fox .
It short , it 's fantastic . At 87 delightful , subversive and hilarious minutes , there 's so much attitude in this stop-motion puppet fantasy , the hearts of children and adults alike will soar to the heavens .
Despite looking like a children 's movie , I do n't think kids would like it very much ... softens Anderson 's fetish for randomness and forces him to stay on track ... his kooky brand of humor just works better as a cartoon
uses a deceptively childlike idiom and woodland creatures to explore human nature in most profound and piquant fashion .
This is hands down my favorite animated film of 2009 .
The style , like the theme , is poised gracefully between order and chaos .
This is about as quote-unquote fantastic as it gets .
Wes Anderson 's typically quirky approach to a slim Roald Dahl story is a genuine charmer even if it 's slightly over-extended .
So much fun , I can hardly stand it . A great film with wonderful voice performances by the entire cast . You have got to see it . Paul Chambers , CNN .
I 'm starting to wish every auteur would go and make his or her own stop-motion animated flick ; what a fantastic experiment that could be .
An animated film with a small budget mentality .
A treat for Anderson fans looking for something different ...
`` Fantastic '' might be a touch hyperbolic in describing director Wes Anderson 's stop-motion adaptation of Roald Dahl 's The Fantastic Mr. Fox , but only by a whisker .
An animated film not aimed at children . It is as thought-provoking in its own way as is ` Animal Farm . '
... a thoroughly agreeable piece of work ...
Heartfelt , never less than pretty , and occasionally effulgent
no longer does Anderson seem like a childish filmmaker trying desperately to be idiosyncratic and zany , but rather an adult filmmaker using a children 's story to speak across generations
`` Wit , grace , and charm '' is a lyric for one of the songs in the film , but it could have been describing the film itself . Told with its breezy style , this could be the most charming film of the year .
Sly and smart , this is one of the year 's best films .
Deserves a prominent spot in the run for this year 's best-animated feature Oscar .
In hindsight , it seems obvious now that Wes Anderson should make a stop-motion animated film -- the medium highlights all his strengths while nullifying his limitations .
And any film that can find room for both `` The Ballad of Davy Crockett '' and the Rolling Stones ' `` Street Fighting Man '' on the soundtrack has to be something special .
It 's given new life to a filmmaker who 'd been getting a bit too ossified in his style and tics .
Witty , quirky , individual -- and the result is just possibly the most pure fun you 'll have at a movie all year .
Another clunker from Clooney aided and abetted by Wes Anderson
A celebration of ` wild animals with true natures and beautiful talents . ' -LRB- In other words , artists and children ? -RRB-
Fantastic is n't a strong enough word for this vibrant , intelligent , hilarious film for all ages
Fantastic Mr. Fox is -LRB- waves hands around face -RRB- different . In a good way . In a great way , actually .
Anderson has explored eccentric family dynamics % u2013 particularly those that exist between fathers and sons % u2013 in each of his films , and his philosophical insights are all over the precise ramblings of Fox and his motley crew .
Anderson 's films often bounce between absurd comedy and poignant catharsis , and Mr. Fox is no different . Its brisk pacing keeps the catharsis from weighing down the comedy .
Wes Anderson offered the most unique animation this year and great dialogue ; dialogue that was perfected with performances by George Clooney , Jason Schwartzman and Meryl Streep .
This is a den of oddball characters in a script as cleverly written as the stop-motion animation is eye-catching .
A creepy cartoon filled with inappropriate inside jokes that are mostly over the head of the desired tyke demographic , exactly what one would you expect of a claymation vehicle crafted by the cerebral Wes Anderson .
After watching Wes Anderson 's exhilarating animated fable Fantastic Mr. Fox , you 'll secretly want to be Mr. Fox .
Fans of either artist may not think that Wes Anderson and Roald Dahl could mate to make such a clever and intriguing film , but it works in a miraculous way .
Wes Anderson 's first animated movie turns out to be one of 2009 's best films .
With its jittery stop-motion animation , exquisitely detailed shots , and outwardly self-aware characters , -LSB- it 's -RSB- the epitome of artifice . It 's also as bright and cheery a time as you 'll have at the movies this year .
Great writer/directors such as Wes Anderson prove that you do n't need flash , sizzle , three-dimensions and big budgets to make a great animated feature .
-LSB- Another one of -RSB- the vacuous , pretentious and annoying films of Wes Anderson .
Writer-director Wes Anderson 's movies are often loaded with cartoonish characters and situations . So , it would only make sense that his most enjoyable movie to date is an actual cartoon .
The adjective in the title of Fantastic Mr. Fox does n't lie : Director Wes Anderson 's adaptation of Roald Dahl 's best-selling children 's book about a family of foxes is absolutely fantastic . And fantastically strange , too ...
Fantastic Mr. Fox proves there 's still life in the stop-motion format - and in Wes Anderson 's droll approach to movie making .
Wes Anderson can tell a tale , and now he has proved a family can appreciate him as well .
The same eye for immaculate compositions that had seemed increasingly to hem in his human actors here serves as the basis for some of the most inventive animated set pieces this side of Nick Park .
... a wholly unique piece , a contemporized take on Dahl 's 1970 book with as much interpersonal angst as kid-friendly fun .
Anderson 's liveliest and most appealing movie ... every shot filled with precise and intricate detail . This is movie-making as Cornell Box .
Maybe it 's not surprising that it took a fox to help burrow Wes Anderson 's head out of his own ass .
Although there are parts of this film that are highly entertaining and scenes that are very amusing , I was not totally enamored with `` Fantastic Mr. Fox '' .
There are plenty of sight gags that may go unnoticed because of the rapid pace of the movie , so some may find a second viewing worthwhile .
... an animation masterpiece from one of America 's finest filmmakers .
This likable lark functions as a reprieve from the plasticity of most modern toon flicks .
Gustafson 's stop-motion animation achieves a consciously hand-crafted look that stands out in an age of slick computer animation like a Chippendale cabinet in an IKEA store .
The texture of the puppets and the imperfect nature of the medium give it a real-life heft that computer-generated technological marvels simply ca n't match .
If I have said it once , I will say it a million times . Talking animals are funny . An offbeat yarn with great music , better acting and erudite goofiness .
Fantastic may be a little overboard when it comes to descriptors for Mr. Fox , but entrancing is about right .
Adds yet another wry , carefully composed bibelot to the cabinet of curios that defines the Anderson oeuvre .
Of course , an interesting and clever children 's film with a cast and team this talented is still worth a look , but this match made in hipster movie heaven could have been more magical .
Every kid probably wo n't get `` Fantastic Mr. Fox . '' But then again , not every adult gets a Wes Anderson movie . But if the right kid and the right parent find themselves in the seats , they should have a ball together .
The result is not only marvellous whimsy , but also something that advances the burgeoning retro-tech movement .
Movies are always group efforts that involve dozens of people with varying ideas , but Mr. Fox is an astonishing example of one creator getting all of his collaborators on the same page .
The best things about Fantastic Mr. Fox are the soundtrack , an extraordinary affair that involves , among others , the Beach Boys and Burl Ives , and the animation .
Anderson injects such charm and wit , such personality and nostalgia -- evident in the old-school animation , storybook settings and pitch-perfect use of Burl Ives -- that it 's easy to forgive his self-conscious touches .
Wes Anderson 's utterly charming Fantastic Mr. Fox is that rarity : a children 's movie for all .
The tale may be Dahl 's , but there 's a whole new wag to it -- this is decidedly , weirdly and , at best , wonderfully a Wes Anderson movie .
Anderson regains much of the mojo that 's been slipping away since `` Royal Tenenbaums '' and `` Rushmore '' -LRB- full disclosure : `` Rushmore '' is my favorite movie -RRB- .
The result is a quirky film that should work for all ages , with just a hint of dark humor . In this age of high-tech animation , Wes Anderson has found himself in a low-tech wonderland .
Like the rest of his movies , this one is essentially infantile -- but when you 're telling the story of a ne'er - do-well fox conspiring against a trio of nasty farmers , who cares ?
Count me among the few not captivated by Anderson 's animated adaptation of Roald Dahl 's book ; I found it as stilted and twee as the title canid 's tippy-toe gait .
The filmmakers hew to Dahl 's intent and add fine turns of their own .
The most fantastic thing about Mr. Fox is the way he shows that while our flaws can bring us down , sometimes , too , we triumph in spite of them and because of them .
Is there any question that this is a Wes Anderson picture ? Not a chance . Have we seen it all before ? Not like this .
Wishing it was Chicken Run and never achieving the depth of Where The Wild Things Are , Anderson and Baumbach create a half-fun , half-humdrum affair that I 'm sure they will enjoy watching over and over .
Children , especially , will find things they do n't understand , and things that scare them . Excellent . A good story for children should suggest a hidden dimension , and that dimension of course is the lifetime still ahead of them .
Cheeky , original , funny , satisfyingly silly and even a bit profound , The Fantastic Mr. Fox , like Where the Wild Things Are , is a quirky delight for children and the child hopefully still residing in every adult .
The Fantastic M. Fox is the first book Anderson owned , and it 's bound to be his most successful movie . I wo n't say Anderson & Co. have gone mainstream , but I think I just saw George Clooney wearing Wranglers on Good Morning America .
Feels like the distillation of everything Anderson has ever done , boiled down to its barest essentials .
One of the oddest family-oriented movies in recent memory -- perhaps the first one to have its lead character simultaneously emblazoned on Happy Meal boxes and the cover of `` Film Comment '' and seem perfectly home in both places
The film has a renegade attitude but is also clearly respectful of the purpose of children 's stories -- to entertain , to teach , to imagine -- and it 's a joy to experience .
Parental Content Review
Anderson 's fetish for quirk and detail finds in the fabricated world of a stop-motion film a kind of natural playground ; if he 's increasingly drawn to characters that are only marginally human , why not make them beasties and , better , puppets of beasties ?
The film earns its title 's superlative and a hundred more .
This is certainly the funniest animated feature so far this year , as well as one of the most sly ones to boot . -LRB- But be warned that it 's not really a kids movie . There is some potentially upsetting material and imagery . -RRB-
Critics galore are fawning over Anderson 's move to animation . Why all the fuss ? - the man 's been staging puppet shows for years .
Anderson is a thematic and stylistic eccentric , whose meticulous and dazzling sense of artifice results in a fully realized world that travels at top speed and is miniature only in scale .
Other filmmakers turn to children 's stories when they have kids of their own . Anderson seems to have made this one for his inner child .
A breathtaking cinematic marvel ; Anderson finds a magnificent home nestled firmly in the luxurious textures of the animation , the dancing vocal performances , and delicious wry tone that makes for stunningly fanciful cinema .
Fantastic Mr. Fox is certainly different from Anderson 's recent stuff , and that 's all good .
It 's a magical feat , one that turns puppets into personalities and an English meadow into Anderson 's world .
Witty and wonderful , Fantastic Mr. Fox is the perfect Thanksgiving entertainment ...
While it might be a stretch to claim that Fantastic Mr. Fox is `` fantastic , '' it 's easily among the year 's best animated features .
If only Mr. Fox were a more interesting character ! Then , I think , the story 's resolution would be more than merely quaint .
Fantastic Mr. Fox may be the perfect kids movie for grown-ups .
The film 's premise may be child-like , but its themes -- family , self-identity and existential angst -- are all engagingly adult .
Fantastic Mr. Fox is n't exactly a kids ' movie . It 's just kid-friendly .
Fantastic Mr. Fox is a smart , droll animated film that may not be for everybody , but it has charm and panache .
`` At the risk of sounding a bit cheesy , THE FANTASTIC MR. FOX is fantastic ! ''
Intergenerational dilemmas -- how to be foxes , to be individuals and also parts of communities -- form the complicated heart of Fantastic Mr. Fox .
A toon that puts nearly every non-Pixar one of recent years to shame . In this case , the titular adjective is well chosen .
-LSB- T -RSB- ouching and funny , and magically absurd and at the same time pointedly real ... genius ...
There is little or nothing here for young children and some may be frightened . All the better for us big kids who can appreciate wit and artisanship .
Sly and smartly paced adaptation , perhaps appealing even more to an older audience than a younger one .
Combine the late Roald Dahl 's clever storytelling , director Wes Anderson 's cinematic sensibilities and an engaging vocal cast and you 've got the animated Fantastic Mr. Fox , one quirky , dangerous , sweet and entirely entertaining flick .
A delightful and very clever stop-motion animated screen adaptation of a Roald Dahl children 's tale about a charming , smart and cunning fox and his quest to be true to his animal nature .
Anderson 's stop-motion Fantastic Mr. Fox is both a delightful amusement and a distillation of the filmmaker 's essential playfulness .
Visually , its a true marvel . Perhaps best of all , it feels like something entirely new .
With its clever visual jokes and sassy dialogue , Anderson 's first foray into animation does n't seem to be made entirely with children in mind . Maybe that 's why it seems so perfect for them .
These weirdly effective shifts in tempo , combined with an attention to detail and distinctive dialogue , make for the best moments in this offbeat adventure .
Life is full of surprises . The best one I 've had in a good while is Fantastic Mr. Fox .
It provides a pleasantly cerebral experience , exhilarating and fizzy , that goes to your head like too much Champagne .
Offbeat family adventure may charm adults more than kids .
Fantastic Mr. Fox , which Mr. Anderson wrote with Noah Baumbach , and which he has been hoping to make for many years , is in some ways his most fully realized and satisfying film .
Fantastic Mr. Fox is a retro marvel that should delight today 's audience .
You do n't want to watch this movie , you want to climb inside it and play .
The characters pop off the screen , and between the sublime animation and the superb vocal work there is n't a single moment or scene that does n't ring hysterically true .
A sly , witty and utterly enchanting adaptation of Roald Dahl 's mordantly whimsical book about a thoroughly domesticated gentleman fox who pines for days when the world respected his wildness .
Turns out to be a good one as Anderson and co-writer Noah Baumbach adapt Roald Dahl 's 1970 book , but with a generous helping of Anderson 's quirky wit and a few other personal touches .
Mr. Fox does n't just rescue Dahl 's legacy on film . In a year stuffed with kid-lit movie adaptations , it 's the only one to successfully reach out to children and adults .
An adventure in pure imagination that plays to the smart kid in all of us .
The movie functions as a nostalgic adventure , a full-fledged depiction of a unique community and an affectionate exploration of manliness and alienation .
An absolute delight , second only to Up ! Among the top animated films of the year
A visual treasure that successfully blends deadpan quirkiness with a wry realism rarely seen in any film , let alone one for children .
Sure , Anderson 's making a statement about the human animal , but he proves no Aesop and Fantastic Mr. Fox is , alas , no Animal Farm .
What sets `` Mr. Fox '' apart from the rest of the Anderson oeuvre , apart from the talking animals , is that Anderson 's writing is glossed with some wry hardboiled noir and more than a few double entendres .
Dahl 's adult approach to children merges beautifully with the filmmaker 's child 's - eye view of adults .
Anderson maintains that all-important balance between adult sophistication and child-like simplicity .
A defibrillator could have only helped .
It 's like a treehouse for grownups ...
Cool , clever , crafty and delirious amounts of fun , `` Fantastic Mr. Fox '' is full of brilliant visual invention and silly slapstick while also having hip humor and sly smarts -- it 's pure movie-going joy and a rare kind of pleasure .
Anderson is so afraid of mussing a hair , he keeps his stories simple and hermetically sealed off from the sloppy business of emotions .
This is no more a kids ' movie for kids than Where the Wild Things Are ; it 's a film strictly for Wes Anderson fans of all ages . By now , they should know who they are .
An infectiously upbeat menagerie
Fantastic Mr. Fox is possibly the finest picture about family , community and poultry thievery ever made .
`` Fantastic Mr. Fox -LSB- is -RSB- Wes Anderson 's most enjoyable film since Rushmore . ''
The humor comes and goes in Fantastic Mr. Fox , but a punchy spirit remains that makes this a zippy , reasonably enjoyable ride .
... refreshingly different from the rest of the genre .
Fantastic Mr. Fox is Anderson 's best film since The Royal Tenenbaums , and perhaps his funniest ever .
There 's something defiant in the charms of Fantastic Mr. Fox , a nose-thumbing mischief that underlies and yet is of a piece with the film 's conspiratorial cheer .
Fantastic Mr. Fox renews one 's sense of animation 's possibilities .
It may not merit the adjective in its title , yet the animated yarn Fantastic Mr. Fox offers some of the most goofy fun you 'll have at a theater this season .
To Wes Anderson : More , please !
Cinema-candy for grown-ups . I left the screening room thinking , I want to see this movie again .
Is Fantastic Mr. Fox a film for kids or adults ? Well , yes % u2013 and each will come away with something different .
For the reportedly painstaking labor it took to create , the film is a marvel to behold .
Anderson 's first foray into animation is far from fantastic ... his attempt to stay true to his gut while maintaining the integrity of Dahl 's storytelling is a losing battle .
Wes Anderson 's idiosyncratic style and children 's author Roald Dahl 's cozy-yet-edgy imagination are a perfect fit in this enjoyable and altogether unusual movie experience .
Delightfully witty and surprisingly thoughtful , Wes Anderson 's animated adaptation of the Roald Dahl novel is , in a word , fantastic .
Anderson prizes the funny over the profound to an extent that keeps the proceedings a tad too light and jovial to register as anything more than a lightweight aside to his more acute , earnest work .
The additions are okay ; but it 's the look that keeps you buoyed up , your eyes roaming the frames , laughing in surprise at the visual jokes and flourishes and textures . It 's a dandy 's movie , but that adds to the fun .
Anderson 's lavish attention to visual detail supports the dry wit on display in a highly original animated film geared to appeal equally to adults and children .
a celebration both of its stop-motion medium and Anderson 's aesthetic , while still managing to fully document the spectacular fun in original author Roald Dahl 's daffy , distinctive imagination .
With ` Fantastic Mr. Fox , ' no matter how real and three-dimensional the emotional underpinnings of the film , it is always , always , always moment-to-moment hilarious .
... a rollicking , kid-friendly animated adventure , albeit one full of ironic dialogue and bizarre non-sequiturs that will fly over the young ` uns ' heads .
t offers yet another celebration of difference and a lesson on the importance of being yourself . But it does leave you thinking : is n't it time that children 's films put children first ?
When the film escalates into hectic action , it draws on Hollywood genres , westerns in the Sergio Leone mode and crime movies .
A stop-motion masterpiece sure to delight both children and adults alike .
Genuinely original : a silly , hilarious and oddly profound adaptation for adult-sized children .
The push and pull between the tame life and the wild one is the unifying theme . It 's all very transatlantic - the setting and baddies are English ; the animals are hip Americans . This is one crafty fox - in every sense .
Honestly , this really is n't some kind of Transatlantic stand-off on our part . But how much longer are we expected to stand impotently by while Hollywood arrogantly Americanises our every British children 's icon ?
If the emotions in Mr Fox are n't as overstated or saccharine as in recent Pixar movies , it is only because Anderson has saved his greatest love for the animation process itself .
Anderson 's mannerisms have been irritating in the past , but pitching a film at children has restored his sweet-natured charm . This is hip - but with heart .
A dazzlingly imaginative and poetically inflected comic caper that offers the tantalizing possibility that Anderson 's best work , far from being a distant memory , is still to come .
The director 's genius for production design comes to the fore . The sets are a treasure trove of quirky details , retro-gizmos and snarky in-jokes .
Dahl aficionados will be disappointed at the Americanisation of it all , while Anderson fans will doubtless grow tired of the predictable nature of proceedings .
Few filmmakers have managed to capture all the cheekiness and whimsy of Roald Dahl 's books , but indie helmer Wes Anderson brushes very close to a flawless adaptation of Fantastic Mr Fox .
Anderson 's recent films The Life Aquatic and The Darjeeling Limited suffered in terms of story . The switch to animation , and the benefit of a plotline borrowed from a master storyteller , have recharged his creative batteries .
Wes Anderson has come up with the liveliest adventure set on English soil since Wallace and Gromit ran into the were-rabbit .
It may not amount to much , but what to expect from a book about a thieving fox ? Beautifully realised , it 's the Anderson movie that will leave you with a smile on your face .
Fantastic Mr Fox resembles a high-budget update of British children 's programmes from the '60s and '70s like Pogles ' Wood and Bagpuss . Home-made and hand-made , all arts and crafts ; peculiarly English , in other words .
Whereas Dahl kept his foxes and other animals relatively true to their wild selves , Anderson humanises and Americanises without bothering to establish a coherent set of rules for his far too self-consciously quirky universe .
Yes , Fantastic Mr Fox is clever . But it is also a rather slight film that you smile at rather than really enjoy .
One of the best animated movies from a vintage year .
This is a director who knows what he wants ; stop-motion offers him an effective stimulus , still allowing the creation of sweetly impractical comic characters while flourishing infinite possibilities for the manipulation of mise-en-scène .
What the film lacks , for all its inventiveness , is the sense of menace and sadism that bristles through Dahl 's best stories .
Imbued with a dry humour and some daft action moments it feels like a relic of the psychedelic Sixties that has been rediscovered .
Less Roald Dahl , more The Royal Tenenbaums with a tail and whiskers . Visually , as you 'd expect from Anderson , it 's gorgeous .
A film full of style , where the animated creatures are dealt with in the same oblique , unexpected way that has been Anderson 's trademark .
A hugely enjoyable comedy adventure that will appeal to both adults and kids and is a treat for both Anderson fans and animation aficionados alike .
If the message is a little simplistic , at least the film shows astounding visual innovation
Hoo boy . Is this a great movie . It 's a total delight , in fact . The film equivalent of a warm duvet , a crackling log fire and mugs of eggnog , with brandy stirred in for Mum and Dad .
A cunning contender for one of the year 's best animated movies .
In what has been another fairly strong year for animation , this just edges ahead of the competition for sheer originality , confidence and kooky brilliance .
a fantastic adaptation that manages to surpass its source material while staying entirely true to its spirit .
Fantastic Mr. Fox is indeed fantastic in every way .
Although sometimes too sly for its own good , this great-looking carnivorous caper brings Wes Anderson 's whimsical melancholy to a kids ' classic .
A laconic , terribly old-fashioned but fantastically fun stop-motion animation which is an instant high-water benchmark for Dahl fans .
The film achieves a feel that is at once coarse-grained and elegant , antiquated and the height of fashion .
After two flops , Anderson is back on terra ferma with a well-acted -LRB- especially Clooney -RRB- , sporadically entertaining rendition of Dahl 's classic , a retro-cool quirky , if also indulgent , film on which he imposes his unmistakable worldview , format and tone .

@highlight

Fantastic Mr. Fox is a delightfully funny feast for the eyes with multi-generational appeal -- and it shows Wes Anderson has a knack for animation .