Themes of classism and motherhood run deep as lines are crossed and characters maneuver their way through uncomfortable domestic situations .
The movie examines what it means to be a mother - is it a matter of proximity or of love ? And what are we to do when those two pieces are at odds ?
A captious exploration of caste and class tensions in contemporary Brazil through the story of a maid . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The Second Mother is an important film on many fronts including as a social reflection of the Brazilian class system , as a powerful and engaging work of art , and its place in contemporary cinema made by women .
This wry and warm Brazilian take on the upstairs-downstairs divide -LRB- in Portuguese , with subtitles -RRB- centres on the meaning of motherhood , formed by love but also shaped by economic and social pressures .
In Anna Muylaert 's domestic drama ... the outcome is small but significant , a well-earned and thought-out riposte via a strong ensemble cast that gives contradictory meaning to the idea of knowing your place .
What I find noteworthy about this film is that you do n't fully realise its power until the ending . It subtly unfolds
This is a film in which the minutia matters as we become engrossed in the divergent worlds of the domestic and her employers
Full of irony and drama , this Brazilian film is a subtle approach to social art . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
... less fascinated by the power play and ritual than it is by the people who are inhabiting those roles , and hoping , ever so softly , to transcend them .
Case 's performance as Val is a joy .
Writer/director Anna Muylaert 's beautifully shot , frequently comical take on the ` second mother ' phenomenon sets the film apart from other explorations of similar material .
This is a smarter film than any single aspect initially lets on .
... Muylaert 's film , a quiet kind of modern classic , is less fascinated by the power play and ritual than it is by the people who are inhabiting those roles , and hoping , ever so softly , to transcend them .
Subversive yet heartwarming - it 's a joy to watch .
Brazilian upstairs/downstairs drama effectively portraying the class tensions which surface when a housekeeper 's headstrong daughter moves into the mansion .
-LSB- A -RSB- powerful movie -- one with no easy answers for these mothers and children .
It all builds to an affecting , insightful climax , deftly avoiding morality tale tropes while never failing to entertain .
It speaks to anyone considering hiring a live-in nanny . Regina Casé is terrific .
All the elements of the story fit impeccably together for a humorous and occasionally wrenching examination of relationships .
Anna Muylaert 's carefully composed images provide a cool stage for some hot acting -- all of which manages to be amusingly uplifting rather than sociologically bleak .
Muylaert 's writing is strong and incisive , her shooting style inventive , but the strength of her film rests with Regina Case , the Brazilian superstar who makes her own individual play for Oscar with an unforgettable performance .
A great performance by Regina Case as the film 's put-upon heroine and a telling look at class divides .
It 's always presumptuous to suggest that a filmmaker does n't realize where her narrative 's attention should be directed , yet it 's hard not to wonder if writer/director Anna Muyleart picked the right protagonist .
The Second Mother manages to remain funny throughout its depictions of class , struggle , and motherhood - stories mostly told to death in dramatic fashion .
Directed , starring , edited and written by women , the heartfelt and moving The Second Mother is a dedicated and affectionate look at motherhood and the lessons we learn from the women in our lives .
The characters are so accustomed to keeping up appearances that they ca n't bring themselves to say what 's bugging them . Their interactions may be mild , but the claustrophobic imagery creates the sense of being trapped in a powder keg .
Though hardly revolutionary , `` Mother '' subverts conventions - both cinematic and social .
comedienne Regina Casé is vital and present in every moment , especially the minuscule and picayune humiliations that have compounded for years ... . Class-consciousness is first and foremost in each emotional and comic moment to come .
A familiar story of economic oppression is enlivened by good performances .
A warm and funny tale of clashes both personal and social , and an engaging showcase for a wonderfully rich performance by Regina Case .
The Second Mother is an interesting look at generational and class divides in Brazil , without the feel of a lecture or lesson .
We 've seen plenty of stories about the arrival of a mysterious stranger upsetting the order of things . But `` The Second Mother , '' Brazilian writer and director Anna Muylaert 's outstanding film , is different .
Sharply observant and always surprising ; mixes dry humor , aching drama , and stinging social commentary in its clashes between classes and generations .
Regina Casé mesmerizes . You will not see a better performance this year .
The characters ' pigeonholed social roles display Muylaert 's intentions from the start and render the drama superfluous .
A finely crafted , patient , and exceptionally performed movie .
Regina Casé is superb in the main role : dolorous , clucking , solicitous , dumbstruck , despairing ; a mood for all seasons and every season , for character revelation , a high season .
The entire cast is first-rate , but the movie is Case 's .
Wise , funny , sexy , The Second Mother has so much to offer , not the least of which is an ending that has to be one of the most satisfying , if neatest and all-wrapped-up , of any movie so far this year .
The Second Mother strikes a passionate moral chord that also connects with conversations about the importance of achieving social change through cross-generational education .
Anna Muylaert 's close setting cleverly lends itself to broader reflections on tradition , but Casé makes the story sing . Utterly convincing .
The Brazilian movie The Second Mother is a character study that 's ostensibly about a hardworking São Paulo housekeeper but is actually about , well , everything .
The unspoken , unspeakable agony of class and caste is cleverly rendered in this funny , serious movie .
Featuring an outstanding performance from Casé and a global breakthrough for Márdila , `` The Second Mother '' is a must see for cinephiles .
It is socio-economic warfare beautifully written and it is socioeconomic warfare exquisitely performed and it is socioeconomic warfare undertaken with humour and heart , and if you 're still not sold , more fool you .
The picture really belongs to the fantastic Regina Casé , who finds the humanity in her put-upon character even as she 's giving terrible advice to her daughter .
Largely adhering to a spare aesthetic of wide shots and few cuts , Muylaert fashions The Second Mother into a low-key comedy of manners , emphasizing class difference through careful attention to behaviour , objects and architecture .
It 's the funny , edgy , engaging tale of a fingers-to-the-bone maid who must cope with a small-minded employer , a headstrong daughter and a changing social fabric harder to handle than the endless laundry she hangs on the clothesline .
This Brazilian drama offers a nuanced , often funny look at family and social status , and Casé 's performance is both heartbreaking and hilarious .
Anna Muylaert 's observations on family relations and invisible-but-firm class barriers are always acute , even if she ultimately mines them for hope rather than horror .
The Second Mother is a smart yet subtle portrait of the incalculable riches of a good relationship between parents and children .
It smartly uses its little moments of humiliation to open our eyes to a world of delicate , but deep , injustice .
The Second Mother is n't just a backdrop for Casé 's bravura acting , nor for the equally well-observed performances of the whole ensemble cast . Muylaert 's camera -- the cinematography is by Barbara Alvarez -- moves with fluid expressiveness .
The terrifically effective premise allows for great humour and pin-sharp yet light-touch social commentary , and Val is a character to cherish .
... a piercing examination of the curious Brazilian practice of upper class surrogate motherhood .
É um estudo de personagem e , não menos importante , de um país em mudança .
The main source of power in `` The Second Mother '' is found in effortless skips between character study , family drama , and silent socioeconomic warfare . The final result is a gleaming cinematic treasure as heartwarming as the film 's final reassuring smile .
Muylaert captures the unspoken class distinctions that would , on the one hand , make Val a trusted honorary member of the family while still relegating her to `` the help . ''
The story about a young woman coming from `` the outside '' and entering a particular milieu and shaking things up is not entirely new , but there is enough skill here to make this film worth viewing .
` The Second Mother ' comprises striking production design , a provocative screenplay , and most of all the commanding , genuine , and often hilarious performance of its leading lady .
In an unpretentious stroke of brilliance , Muylaert uses haute-bourgeois architecture and rituals to provide visual structure for her comedy and drama .
Anna Muylaert 's marvelous , class-conscious character study provides the satisfaction of a good novella with her perceptive , humor-filled understanding of human interaction .
It 's at its best when it 's drawing blood , not flattering its viewers ' good side and creating a tidy ending out of a situation that 's far from it .
Warm , wise , tender and profoundly human . It 's an uplifting crowd-pleaser that earns every moment of uplift . Regina Casé deserves an Oscar .
A domestic comedy-drama that starts off from a fairly pat premise but builds strength over the course of its careful , empathetic , and crafty unpeeling of its characters .
Muylaert 's film is an effervescent comic drama that delights in the disruption of traditional upstairs/downstairs dynamics .
`` The Second Mother '' is a satisfying contradiction . It 's a soap opera with a social conscience that casually mixes dramatic elements about serious class issues with a crowd-pleasing audience picture sensibility .
Muylaert 's as alive to the comic possibilities of liberal guilt as she is to the plight of the ill-paid maids who quietly run innumerable households all around the Americas .
Ms. Muylaert 's guiding principle seems to have been fearlessness , and her film , which was shot by Barbara Alvarez , is superb on all counts .
`` The Second Mother '' goes soft toward the end , defusing its conflicts too easily and inconsequentially .
A splendid and engaging morality play about class warfare and the challenges and disappointments of parenting .
A simplistic tale of dawning empowerment , featuring a heroine who 's easy to root for , but not complex enough to take seriously .
Muylaert forces us to think big about the clash between idealism and acceptance , a philosophical war that spills beyond the walls of this small story into every corner of our own lives
Casé gives one of the warmest , most lovable performances of the year ; the film 's real climax comes when she simply wades into a nearly empty swimming pool .
Writer/director Anna Muylaert manages to never put a foot wrong and deliver a lively and very likeable comedy .
Character relations are hinted at and even primed for confrontation , but without payoff or meaningful conclusion .
A bold work of art featuring a domestic servant that leaves films such as `` The Butler '' in the dust .
A fierce class conscious comedy symbolically celebrating a bold rebel youth rejecting the reactionary traditions thwarting generations preceding them . And perhaps a new day for Brazil and a long oppressed and recently reinvigorated Latin America as well .
Regina Casé 's standout role as a housekeeper more attached to her employers ' family than to her own anchors this Brazilian look at family dysfunction .
-LSB- The film -RSB- dissects with both chilling precision and humor such matters as class differences , real mothers vs. caretakers and whether privilege and one 's own station are things that can be questioned or changed .
This is the sort of savvy , socially conscious crowdpleaser that occupies a rare middle ground between genteel and intellectual world cinema .
What makes The Second Mother particularly compelling is that the Muylaert does n't particularly judge or take sides with her characters , even as she criticizes the social construct within which she places them .
While Anya Muylaert 's engaging drama does n't shy away from the realities of life as a home help in Brazil , she also concentrates on the upbeat humanity of those involved and suggests that change may be coming with the next generation .

@highlight

The Second Mother 's compelling characters serve an artfully drawn , thought-provoking story that 's beautifully brought to life by a talented cast .