It was n't terrible . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Front-loads itself with `` jokes '' throughout the first half , while shoehorning in a more dramatic plot arc towards the end
It 's hard not to appreciate the pic 's devil-may-care attitude , Johnson 's prickly-but-likable screen persona , and Wayans ' effortless channeling of his famous father .
Sloppy , silly and sporadically amusing , Let 's Be Cops feels like one of those 90s comedies expanded from an SNL sketch .
It 's surprising how emotionally invested you become in these numbnuts , especially when the proceedings unfold in an all too predictable fashion .
I ca n't adequately express how soul-sucking the crime subplot is here .
After a fairly solid start , Let 's Be Cops melts down into a sludge of sub-Sandler-esque shenanigans that slows the flow of laughs to a trickle .
At this point Let 's Be Cops loses much of its humour and starts looking like a film Liam Neeson will turn up in any time soon . That 's a pity because the first half , about two doofuses playing police , is funny and occasionally sharp .
... increasingly idiotic but sporadically humourous ... .
You pretty much know what to expect with Let 's Be Cops , it 's juvenile and that 's what makes it fun ... for a while .
Released the week of the Ferguson shooting , the film seemed poised to probe the raw nerves of America 's love-hate relationship with law enforcement . Unfortunately , the spoofery of police power soon gives way to formula comedy and be-all-you-can-be uplift .
Reader , do not underestimate my willingness to watch the stars of New Girl screw around with one-half of Key and Peele when I recommend to you the undeniably conventional Let 's Be Cops .
This is pre-adolescent humour . I 'm sorry . I do n't mean to be rude to pre-adolescents .
The depressingly putrid level of mainstream Hollywood comedy these days is on display in LET 'S BE COPS .
There 's only so far you can take this concept and I quickly grew tired of the crude , endless chatter between the two leading characters .
... more interested in poking fun at real-life cops instead of appreciating them , which would n't be such a bad idea if it was actually funny .
The chillingly gung-ho darkness that Johnson lends his comic riffs would be the story , if only the director , Luke Greenfield , did n't play the movie solely for laughs , which are few and far between .
Pendulums between addle-brained frathouse cops-on-charade shtick and blandly sober let 's - pretend-we 're - not-in-some-bad-movieland-fantasy . You 'll suffer from PTSD -LRB- Post-Terrible Story Disorder -RRB- and wish you 'd worn a s ** tproof vest .
Police Academy 6 : City Under Siege has long been regarded as the worst ever cop comedy . That questionable honour , however , is now under threat from this criminally unfunny satire .
Rarely as fun as one might 've hoped ...
Short prison sentences for all involved would seem fair .
There are enough jokes to help steady the narrative back in the right direction . Unfortunately , it 's just not quite enough to keep you on board .
An agreeably dumb comedy about two 30-year-old men with self-esteem issues who find the perfect boost to their fragile egos and frustrated lives ... by playing at policemen .
The dopey duo have a few decent lines , though Jonah Hill and Channing Tatum already showed us how to do the pseudo-cop routine in the Jump Street pictures .
Let 's Be Cops , in three depressingly simple words , at least gives value for money : a title , a studio pitch , a high-concept plot summary , and an apt example of the astonishingly low bar this film aspires to .
Let 's Be Cops is a stinker on just about every conceivable level .
Let 's Be Cops is an amiable watch that succeeds in spite of its many flaws , but you ca n't help but wonder what someone like Kiss Kiss Bang Bang 's Shane Black or Superbad 's Greg Mottola might have done had they got hold of it .
Some nice comic beats and a sinister Andy Garcia turn make this far more watchable that the fratty conceit might suggest .
Noisy gunplay , screaming homophobia and stale gags that could n't get arrested at any other time of the year .
The only thing missing is a sequel .
`` Let 's Be Cops '' is a fine example of what happens when filmmakers rely too heavily on the potential chemistry of the cast , rather than giving actors something decent on the page to work with .
Over-the-top comedy has tons of swearing , other iffy stuff .
Let 's Be Cops raises the occasional smile but is so generic it feels like a thousand other comedies that came before it .
Jokes are mostly absent , and what few exist dive into the deep end of the bad-taste pool . Johnson and Wayans , whatever comic chemistry they have on TV , are hard-pressed to fill the void .
The viable chemistry between these two leads keeps the ball in the air , even when the balls land elsewhere in strained homophobic gags .
Do n't hate this movie because it 's a celebration of reckless police power at a time when such a thing is somewhat out of favor - hate it because it 's unfunny , derivative and ultimately totally nonsensical .
So rotten that you have the right to refrain .
`` Let 's Be Cops '' should be the last time anyone thinks of impersonating a police officer ... hopefully it 's first of many big-screen team-ups between it 's stars .
This notion might have worked perfectly well in sketch form , but stretched out to feature length - in a film that 's overlong at nearly two hours - it grows thin , repetitive and wearying .
I 'd ask this movie to turn in its badge and gun , but I would n't want to give it the satisfaction .
Let 's Be Cops tries to offer coming-of-age gravitas , action movie thrills and comedic slapstick , but never excels at any one of them .
Let 's be clear : No one should choose this movie . It 's a title in search of a plot . It could also have been called Let 's Be Funnier , Let 's Be Directed , Let 's Be 15 to 30 Minutes Shorter , Let 's Be 22 Jump Street .
A lazy movie that gives us too little of what COULD be funny and way too much of what will NEVER be funny .
Filled out with supporting appearances by comic heavyweights like Natasha Leggero , Keegan-Michael Key , and Rob Riggle , Let 's Be Cops moves the story along quickly enough so that things never drag .
You should probably go to movie jail now , `` Let 's Be Cops , '' but it seems like you might not know any better , and there are laws protecting the incapacitated .
Perhaps the greatest crime Let 's Be Cops could ever commit is the fact that it exists .
`` You 've been watching too many movies , '' says a detective -LRB- Andy Garcia -RRB- during an interrogation in `` Let 's Be Cops . '' The same could be said for the filmmakers , who hit predictable beats in this disposable comedy .
None of this is as riotously zany as it wants to be .
The alleged action comedy is so bad that the perpetrators should probably be arrested , convicted and incarcerated anywhere but a movie studio . But maybe appearing in it is punishment enough . Certainly watching it is .
Let 's earnestly hope there is no sequel .
Johnson and Wayans are both gifted comic performers but are given way too little to do in a film that wends its way from set piece to set piece , not with antic glee but desultory and-then-this-happens randomness .
As a film , Let 's Be Cops glides in the same way its characters do . Though it charms , it 's difficult to ignore how many times we 've seen this story played out before .
Let 's Be Cops has its moments , but it in no way distinguishes itself .
Maybe they could show Let 's Be Cops to prisoners doing life in Attica , or would that be cruel and unusual punishment ?
As generic as its name and way too long .
If you like your movies in which two males treat women poorly , mock homosexuality and repeatedly slap each other in the face , this film is for you .
A ridiculous comedy whose greatest sin is one of omission : a lack of humor . And that 's a hard one to forgive .
The film does n't provide -LSB- Wayans and Johnson -RSB- with the sort of over-the-top set pieces that usually produce the biggest laughs in this genre .
The leads have some chemistry & enjoy playing off each other . What 's missing ? Genuine laughs . The script for this botches numerous opportunities for comic payoffs and the banter is too often crass & inane . -LRB- Full Content Parental Review also available -RRB-
a joyless , jug-headed chore .
The only truly lethal weapons in the criminally unfunny action comedy `` Let 's Be Cops '' are the lame script , putrid direction and pair of sitcom stars mugging nonstop in frantic pursuit of laughs that have fled over the state line .
Let 's Be Cops is good for some chuckles and a couple of big laughs , but wo n't keep you rolling in the aisles throughout .
Let 's not and say we did .
At times , the movie seems to exist for no other purpose than to collide these two personalities together , privileging their antagonistic banter above all else . But is n't that the basic point of all buddy comedies ?
The promising tang of something anarchically amusing is in the air , which makes the rote , slipshod and unfunny rest of the movie all the more dispiriting - like a drug that 's as much fun as precinct paperwork .
Would be a fine Redbox pick if your top three choices are out .
A feature-length sitcom , plus profanity , minus commercials . Several chuckles throughout , but almost painfully conventional .
You have the right to remain silent and , for much of `` Let 's be Cops , '' you will be .
More often than not feels more like a court-ordered defensive-driving class than a rousing high-speed chase .
Sporadically hilarious funny business .
Johnson and Wayans have a potential buddy future , but `` Let 's Be Cops '' is not the strongest vehicle to get them there .
Despite a premise rife with potential dark humor , there 's too little edge in `` Let 's Be Cops . ''
A formulaic comedy that is lifted by the physical comedy and charm of the wonderfully-underrated Jake Johnson .
Loud , lewd and low ... but the belly laughs are few and far between .
It 's just . awful . for most of its run time , content to squirm and squeal instead of explode with absurdities
`` Let 's not , and say we did n't , '' is the only response that one should have if asked to go see Let 's Be Cops .
Johnson and Wayans have great chemistry but they deserve a better vehicle for their talents .

@highlight

Damon Wayans , Jr. and Jake Johnson have comedic chemistry ; unfortunately , Let 's Be Cops fails to do anything with it .