It 's an exceedingly brilliant combination of future shock set-up and old school moralizing , a deconstruction of what it means to be human rendered in tech tones so slick that you often forget you 're watching a cartoon .
I really wish I could have liked this more .
the viewer who abstracts away from the more adolescent elements of plot will find that Appleseed has plenty of ideas at its core to keep the mind stimulated .
The stock characters and leaden stretches of expository dialogue are welcome evidence that there 's still no computer program capable of telling a decent story .
Shut your brain down for optimal viewing pleasure .
It 's busy , stiff , artificial graphics are a perfect match for its busy , stiff , artificial plot .
It 's an impressive effort , packed with ideas and good action scenes , but still trots out a clichéd plot about a super-soldier babe , a race of meek artificial people , giant robot suits , confusing conspiracies and a lot of explosions .
There is plenty to admire from a technical and artistic standpoint .
With all that gorgeous imagery , you 'd think the filmmakers would have found a way to tell the story visually without using mountains of expositional dialogue .
Newbie viewers will be left twiddling their thumbs while waiting for Deunen 's next bout of butt-kicking action sequences .
The filmmakers are too busy trying to justify their futuristic world , and not enough actually exploring it .
With so much going on in every frame , Appleseed is one of those anime projects that shouts you to sleep .
There 's a little too much talking and not as many battle scenes as we would 've liked , but Appleseed is still a decent pick .
Unfortunately , the story is painfully recycled , heavily indebted to Blade Runner -LRB- 1982 -RRB- , along with healthy dollops of Beauty and the Beast , Isaac Asimov 's robot stories and the mythological echoes .
Yes , it looks good , but it does n't come close to exploring the grand themes it has in mind , or to ascending anywhere near the landmarks of anime .
A cross-pollination of eye-popping combat and provocative ideas .
The action scenes might grab you , but there 's a lot of talky downtime .
Though Appleseed has its selling points , it 's not an especially strong entry in the genre , despite the presence of so many pneumatic heroines .
This long-overdue big-screen adaptation makes it hard to tell what was so revolutionary about the series .
-LSB- A -RSB- warrior babe cradles -LSB- an -RSB- injured cyborg bunny in her arms and weeps for him . Take that , Hotel Rwanda !
A visual marvel .
Dazzling visually but is flattened by corny dialogue better suited to the 1936 Flash Gordon serial , a needlessly hard to follow plot and heavy-handed exposition clotted with pseudo-scientific mumbo jumbo .
Has a plot that frolics in the no-man 's land between fiendish complexity and utter incomprehensibility .
Despite swaths of verbal exposition and a tendency to overdose on robot action sequences , the film has enough originality to interest demanding fans of the genre .
The bizarre gulf between the realism of the backgrounds and the stylization of the characters undermines a story line about a conspiracy to rid Utopia of ` bio-roids . '
The spectacle of the Appleseed anime characters performing Matrix gymnastics proves to be less than awe-inspiring .
In the clash of 2-D and 3-D images , Appleseed emerges as the cracked-voiced , pasty-faced example of computer animation 's clumsy adolescence .
The supposedly human face of our metal-plated robocop 's partner -- the inevitable curvy female in a leather jump suit -- is an inexpressive , glossy doll mask , untouched by human hands .
Even in a cartoon this technically astounding , most of the characters appear to have sprung from the DNA of Astro Boy .
For all the movie 's impressive figure and facial modeling , as well as the superfluid humanoid motion , any depth is purely an illusion .
So much to work with and all of it tossed in favor of banal platitudes and a star-crossed romance with all the tension of an oil-change and all the gravitas of an Archie comic
The film let 's us know early on that its cyberdrama will be served cold .

@highlight

While visually arresting , Appleseed 's narrative and dialogue pondering existentialism is ponderous , awkward , and clumsy .