Max Ophüls ' French 1953 production is widely regarded as one of the German-born director 's best , and Criterion 's presentation lives up to that reputation .
Such movement is what influenced a young Stanley Kubrick , whose visual structure -- graceful tracking shots and medium coverage punctured by rare but arresting inserts -- is a descendant of Ophüls .
The cyclical nature of chance and coincidence takes on epic proportions here , as Ophuls masterfully transforms what initially seems like a borderline bedroom farce into a full-blown tragedy .
Ophuls did n't make it look effortless ; he simply made it look flawless . Perfection that produces a sense of awe and the -LRB- accurate -RRB- impression that nobody else could have made it .
... exquisite , both in its lavish craftsmanship and in the way it captures the acute joy -LRB- and pain -RRB- of romantic love .
It 's full of characteristically graceful tracking shots , the editing is superb , and in her third consecutive Ophüls film Darrieux has never looked more entrancing .
Deliciously blending Sacha Guitry 's The Pearls of the Crown and Ophüls 's own La Ronde , this is just about as polished as European cinema gets .
A superb film and a matchless trio of performances .
Because it 's Ophüls , there 's an aching sense of genuine heartbreak and loss beneath the sumptuous decor and poised , urbane ironies .
Elegant .
Slighter and more emotionally distant than Ophüls 's masterpiece ` Letter from an Unknown Woman ' , but filled with a similar mood of romantic despair and desperation .
The tracking shots effortlessly glide down corridors , into rooms , through gardens . They particularly shine during two dancing scenes , where the smooth movements of the partners are echoed by the graceful camera capturing every move in perfect sync .
Ravisihing classic made at the height of Ophuls ' career -LRB- La Ronde , Lola Montes -RRB- , this much admired film is flawless in subtle narrative and lavish style as an indictment of socio-sexual mores of European aristocracy splendidly acted by Darrieux and Boyer
. . not just directed , not just choreographed , but sculpted in time and space , with actors and decor as the raw materials and the camera carving out the story .
Haunting romantic tragedy .
Rich in story and character .
The brilliance of `` Earrings '' is in the precision with which Ophuls carefully strips away all the luxury until what we see is not the extravagance , but the wounded , tragic marriage that the extravagance is meant to hide .
It 's powerful stuff , but Ophuls ' graceful , gliding camera movements provide a sense of beautiful inevitability .
Evanescence is an integral part of cinema , and no other director captured it as lyrically and yet as savagely as Ophüls .
On one hand , Madame De ... is all surface and style ; on the other , it conveys real loss .
Three good reasons you should see The Earrings of Madame de ... are the presence and performances of Danielle Darrieux , Charles Boyer and Vittorio De Sica . This celestial triangle has never been surpassed in grace , charm and , yes , wit and humor .
Ophüls ' penultimate film .
Lavish , memorable romance
Justifying the superlatives heaped upon it by film-makers and critics alike , this is one of Ophüls ' finest achievements , a period drama marked by formal beauty and intense feeling .
Like its turn-of-the-century décor and costuming , it is elegant and filled with decorative but basically unnecessary little items , which give it gentility and a nostalgic mood , but nothing much more substantial .
No film director intoxicates the soul like Max Ophuls .
Surely one of the most cruelly tragic , and sublimely funny , melodramas of all time .
One of the most mannered and contrived love movies ever filmed . It glitters and dazzles , and beneath the artifice it creates a heart , and breaks it .
For the five-year period from 1950-55 -LRB- shortly before he died -RRB- , Max Ophuls was arguably the world 's greatest filmmaker creating La Ronde , Le Plaisir , Lola Montes , and this masterful study of a tragic , three-cornered romance .
Ophuls 's camera style is famous for its physicalization of time , in which every fleeting moment is recorded and made palpable by the ceaseless tracking shots , yet his delineation of space is also sublime and highly charged .




@highlight

Ophüls ' graceful camerawork and visual portrayal of luxury and loss make Earrings a powerful French drama .