Though the topic is sad , We Were Here is a tribute to the heroism of those who stepped up to help , and to the resilience of the gay community itself .
We Were Here does not move behind the scope of San Francisco , which I considered a benefit . It allows the viewer to fully immerse themselves in the story .
We Were Here ultimately serves as a tribute -- not only to those who are no longer with us , but also to those who crossed the minefield and emerged as survivors , storytellers and heroes .
... cinematographer Marsha Kahm has done a stellar job of zeroing in on the disparate visages whether revelling in the joy of a long-forgotten moment with a former partner or letting tears of ` Why not me ? ' come into unabashed focus .
A simple , powerful act of bearing witness , We Were Here is a sober reminder of the not-too-distant past , when gays were focused not on honeymoon plans but on keeping people alive .
... simple yet very intense , and if you have any interest in gay history , you wo n't want to miss it .
Cathartic and bittersweet with moments of joy and humor . Weissman 's movie is a rare gift .
an insular story , told by insiders , of a particular community - a community to which this reviewer happened to be connected ... invaluable as a reminder of how it felt to be helpless , to be thought lost , and yet prevail . They - we - did overcome .
... this is a work that chronicles the very beginnings of a disease that shook the world for decades .
... honors the fallen , the survivors and those who helped both by documenting the intensity and the many issues surrounding the maelstrom which was the AIDS epidemic in San Francisco
-LSB- It 's -RSB- as much about survival as tragedy , and any statistics in it pale in comparison to the personal testimony of those telling the tale .
Maintaining the perfect balance between the political and the personal , this is a documentary that will make you feel as well as think .
Weissman documents the ingenuity , generosity and optimism of a community that fell victim to a horrible disease that , with astonishing speed , turned the world inside out .
Even if , understandably , it 's a little inward-looking -LRB- the ongoing disaster in Africa gets barely a mention -RRB- , as a slice of social history , We Were Here takes an invigoratingly positive position on a very gloomy time .
An honest , frank and often moving documentary that deals with its difficult subject matter sensitively and compellingly .
-LSB- A -RSB- sober , devastating film about how we all - and some more than others - have to deal with the most unexpected horrors in our lives .
A moving look behind the curtain of a rarely-explored community .
There 's something profoundly inspirational about this portrait of a community coming together to battle prejudice and disease .
Generosity , compassion , courage , determination , love and caring are the things that are emphasized in this film .
A very moving and heartfelt documentary that acts as an historical record for a time when the AIDS epidemic was a nightmare for the gay community .
`` We Were Here '' pays eloquent homage to men and women who deserve to be celebrated and remembered as heroes .
I truly doubt that any thinking , feeling human could behold all the horrible loss and pain that this film chronicles and not be shaken to the core .
The filmmakers have amassed an amazing archive of photos and videotapes , but it is the intimate , personal testimonies that make the film so vital , urgent , and necessary .
The most gripping war movie you 'll see this year , We Were Here tells first-hand the story of how AIDS attacked San Francisco , killing more than 15,000 . Whole peer groups were happy , healthy , and then dead in months .
In these days of epidemiological awareness , we know there 'll be a next time , with different details . Amid its pathos , We Were Here is a cautionary tale for when that time arrives .
It is both a testament to the fallen and a series of life lessons from five brave survivors , lessons about finding the best in ourselves in the worst of times .
Its vivid , no-nonsense style -LRB- in which interviews , period photographs , and news footage merge seamlessly -RRB- makes the past present .
This clear-eyed and soulful documentary brings us inside the contagion in a way that is so intimate , so personal , you feel like you 're hearing about these catastrophic events for the first time .
Reminds us that sometimes people really do pull together and help each other ...
Despite the development of life-preserving drugs , the AIDS epidemic is sadly still very much in the world . This trenchant documentary reminds us of its roots in a terrifying time which was nonetheless marked by a singular , beautiful humanity .
Director David Weissman does everything you 're generally not supposed to do in a documentary - we get talking heads , old news footage , and still photographs , and that 's about it - but We Were Here is never less than riveting .
An extraordinarily moving , beautifully edited documentary ...
We Were Here utilizes an invaluable archive of period pictures and news footage to trace how the Castro went from Edenic neighborhood to an epidemic frontline .
A simple , powerful act of bearing witness , We Were Here is a sober reminder of the not-too-distant past , when gays were focused not on honeymoon plans but on keeping people alive .
A harrowing oral history of the AIDS epidemic in San Francisco whose spine is the freshly recounted horror of an `` avalanche '' of grief .
A riveting reflection on the initial , devastating impact of the AIDS epidemic on San Francisco 's gay community . Do n't watch it without a box of tissues handy .
Almost overwhelming in its emotional kick , this documentary about the San Francisco Aids epidemic is so intensely personal that it 's sometimes difficult to watch . Which is why it 's so important .
... the document of record , establishing the public , collective memory of a time and place so many have wanted to forget .
There is no turning away from the screen .
Thirty years after AIDS first made its horrific impact , documentarist David Weissman has made a powerful and intimate testament to the epidemic 's effect on San Francisco 's gay community .
Deeply affecting doc revisits the AIDS epidemic without any grandstanding .
We Were Here documents the epidemic through a powerful combination of first-hand testimony , archival photography and TV news footage .


@highlight

We Were Here revisits the crises facing the gay community in the early 1980s -- and offers a powerful tribute to the inspiring resolve shown at a time of turmoil .