There is strong character work in here , one or two genuinely touching moments , and some good laughs too .
Innocuous then , but sadly lacking the wit and insight of Shelton 's far superior Your Sister 's Sister .
After a couple of gimmicky transgressive comedies -LRB- Humpday and Your Sister 's Sister -RRB- , writer-director Lynn Shelton takes a more observant approach this time .
Everything feels sketchy and unformed in a film with promising elements that fail to gel .
Decent performances , but the film as a whole is a dramatic and thematic mess .
The semi-improvised dialogue has the juicy tang of authenticity in the hands of this highly competent cast , and the players and Shelton never sneer at the characters ' new-agey beliefs .
Gentle , warmly human dramedy about a massage therapist who suddenly ca n't stand to touch anyone ... and about how we all need more care and attention than we get . Rosemarie DeWitt is heartbreakingly lovely .
It has moments that are vaguely amusing or mildly insightful but more often it feels sluggish and insubstantial .
One of the dangers of going for intimate is ending up inward-looking . Such is the problem facing writer/director Lynn Shelton 's modest dramedy .
Intermittently funny but erratically structured , it 's a rare disappointment from Shelton .
The acting in this film is superb by the entire cast . The characters are well-drawn , well-meaning and interesting . There is no real villain here .
This is a film that skims over the surface of something interesting but never gets at it . The energy passages remain stubbornly closed .
an ineffectual , hollow grind .
About as much fun as a dental visit .
`` Touchy Feely '' is light entertainment and well-acted . But , beyond that , pretty shallow .
The result is a disjointed and inconsequential film whose chakras are in urgent need of realignment .
Despite its hints of New Age mysticism and serviceable performances from an able cast , Touchy Feely is too entrenched in its dour tone to be uplifting .
Writer/director Lynn Shelton has yet to disappoint .
The actors are all first-rate and the performances are fascinating , though Shelton , who shuns exposition , makes you work to figure out the interrelationships .
There are some wonderful moments scattered throughout and a fantastically awkward performance by Josh Pais , but otherwise Touchy Feely is something of a mess .
A sharp ensemble cast can not rescue this woefully contrived drama about a family struggling with connections and commitment .
It 's an enjoyable dark comedy , although as it centres on the awkwardness between these people , the film never quite resolves into something meaningful .
There 's something fresh and new here , something that was n't so dominant in -LSB- Shelton 's -RSB- previous work .
A work that gestures toward depths without truly plumbing them .
A great ensemble infuses life into the characters , but it 's as if Shelton has painted herself into a corner with no clue what to do next .
The chemistry between Josh Pais and Allison Janney is something wonderful to behold in each of their scenes together here . Too bad they had so few of them .
There 's a great movie somewhere inside Touchy Feely desperately trying to swim to the surface , but its obscurity also comes with an inarticulateness that robs it of its potential .
Shelton tells a typically modest story , here , where the only things really at stake are the emotional states of its characters . But that turns out to be more than enough ...
The kind of film that makes you wish they had perfected choose-your-own-adventure technology for movies , one that would allow you to ditch the central character and follow any number of the story 's more interesting second bananas .
Touchy Feely is in a familiar Shelton comfort zone peopled by mellow , relatable types that many viewers will appreciate . But , ultimately , this pre-fab world does not engage .
I wanted to like this movie more than I did .
Shelton is more observant than she is deep , and her filmmaking can be undisciplined , but the movie 's rambling , episodic rhythms do seem in tune with the nebulous stasis that infects everyone in Abby 's orbit .
`` Touchy Feely '' works better in its funnier moments , but Shelton - who pads things out with way too many scenic shots of Seattle - never pulls all these threads together into a satisfying whole .
Shelton 's gift is her naturalism .
`` Touchy Feely '' becomes disoriented and does n't recover its direction .
Shelton 's oh-so-slight veer toward whimsy and artifice this time turns her previous strengths into weaknesses .
Shelton 's brand of low-budget , improv-heavy relationship dramedies lends itself well to a quick turnaround . It 's only natural then that such an output would inevitably lead to the occasional misstep .
A character-driven drama about some baffling changes in the lives of a middle-aged brother and sister .
What we have here is a film that is so light and airy that there is a very good chance that you will forget it as it 's playing on the screen .
Does n't see its themes through to the end , leaving the effort dangling in the wind , unsatisfying and needlessly drained of depth .
Touchy Feely is minor , but these people are good company .
Shelton 's secret : she finds terrific actors to invest her characters with a depth , humanity -LRB- and wit -RRB- that makes their lives interesting , even when nothing big is going on .
The screenplay is so muddled that it 's hard to fathom what it 's trying to convey , despite a twin dose of magical realism that screams `` high concept . ''
There 's no reason so many strong components should add up to so little .
Through the semi-improvised style Lynn Shelton likes , her actors perhaps are truly uncertain what to say or do next .
Like her characters , Shelton does n't know what to do when things actually happen .
Just as tedious as waiting in a dentist 's office for an hour and a half , Lynn Shelton 's latest fumblingly cutesy outing ought to be her last .
Lynn Shelton crafts a film of astonishingly sustained mood , tying its beguiling atmosphere to the mental states of her characters .
Shelton seems so preoccupied with making Touchy Feely feel natural and real that she 's forgotten to add any incident .
Despite its superb cast , Lynn Shelton 's Touchy Feely is a disappointing comedy-drama that raises some interesting ideas but fails to do anything interesting with them .
Touchy Feely is one of the best dramas I 've seen in years , and the moments of comedy that go hand-in-hand with the drama are nothing short of hilarious .
Save for a star turn from veteran character actor Josh Pais , Lynn Shelton 's latest is pretty much dead on arrival .
The twosome and threesome of Shelton 's past becomes six individuals , each dealing with an aversion to emotional and physical contact to such an extent that , by the end , it may be hard for the viewer to feel much of anything .
Shelton 's latest is warm but less endearing than its predecessors .
Trading her improv-based filmmaking style for a more traditional screenplay-grounded model , Lynn Shelton delivers an uneven mix of half-formed conflicts in Touchy Feely .
Touchy Feely represents writer-director Lynn Shelton at both her most commercial and most mysterious , resulting in a comedy-drama that ultimately returns to her core themes : the bonds of family and the desire for connection .
Shelton 's migration towards more clear-cut drama is hampered by uneven tone and , most damning of all , dullness .

@highlight

Well-acted but overly quirky , Touchy Feely is a tonally uneven dramedy with some interesting ideas but a lack of follow-through .