When the ghost story moments are in the forefront , it manages a strong and creepy sense of foreboding . I just wished that would have been the focus from beginning to end .
The Eclipse is wholly , if strangely , cinematic ; its dream-like tonal and narrative unpredictability , interspersed with a few completely jarring horror-film moments , make for an experience that will , yes , haunt audiences for a long time to come .
When the ghost story moments are in the forefront , the film does manage a strong and creepy sense of foreboding .
Quiet , subtle and tocuhing , this drama of a widower is extremely well acted by Hinds and Aidan Quinn
No , this is not The Eclipse where Monica Vitti and Alain Delon fail to rendezvous on Antonioni 's empty street corner .
The whole thing would probably have flown apart if not for Hinds , whose character , like a dark star imploding , pulls everything toward him .
The story is thin , but it has a kind of easy Irish charm .
A solid and occasionally genuinely freaky little effort .
The way McPherson handles the relationships in the movie is remarkable , in that he does n't fall prey to a playwright 's natural tendency to try put everything into the text .
Blends romance , drama and supernatural horror into a truly original , thoroughly unforgettable concoction .
Like any ghost tale worth telling , The Eclipse will leave you strangely haunted .
Quinn , alternately charming and loathsome , is brilliant , as is Hinds , an actor who has elevated everything he 's been in .
Being haunted by one 's past really means something from director Conor McPherson
McPherson brews a strangely appealing composite , a movie that is mostly character-driven romance but that seasons the proceedings with timely scare-your-pants-off moments of horror .
No , this is a wonderfully nuanced tale of love and loss set in a picturesque Irish coastal town during its annual literary festival .
The high caliber acting is wasted on the bland and dull story . Despite an 88-minute running time , the movie is excruciatingly slow and grows tiresome as nothing much happens . It maintains a melancholy mood with the characters contemplating deep thoughts r
an enjoyable minor-key Irish romance enlivened by excellent performances - including a wonderfully observed turn by Aidan Quinn as an insufferably boorish American typer of best-sellers - but marred by the occasional intrusion of a bad horror movie
For the most part , this love triangle plays out with great warmth and delicacy.While Quinn seems to be having a ball playing against type as the boozy Nicholas , Hinds and Hjelje create fully-rounded , sympathetic characters .
The haunted quality of Eclipse is a holdover from McPherson 's plays , as is the abundance of dark , piercing wit .
The cinematography captures the Irish countryside beautifully , making for an appropriate backdrop to an intriguing and unpredictable tale .
Unfortunately , writer-director Conor McPherson 's lame attempts to push the film into the realm of a horror movie reduce its effect considerably .
Ghosts living and dead haunt `` The Eclipse , '' a lovely romance featuring Ireland 's stalwart leading man Ciaran Hinds and Copenhagen-born Iben Hjejle as an uncertain couple .
A beguiling Irish film that utilises the backdrop of a provincial book festival and flashes of graphic horror to deliver an original take on a middle-aged bereavement story .
In his quiet house hung with portraits of those who have become ghosts , Michael finally learns to mourn , and we realize that storytelling is how a writer grieves .
Screenwriter/director Conor McPherson keeps switching directions . And eventually , this zigging and zagging becomes tiresome .
The town and surrounding landscapes make a gorgeous setting -- the Irish tourist board will be happy -- but at its heart The Eclipse is a small , contained ghost story about a haunted man learning to exorcise himself .
Worth a look if just for the fact that it 's such a rarity in the horror world to see a script that takes its characters and its concepts seriously .
Hinds , who scored the Best Actor award when the film screened at the Tribeca Festival in New York , possesses an unassuming versatility .
While McPherson may have an extensive reputation as a playwright , as a filmmaker he 's one step up from a total amateur .
It 's basically a hang-dog middle-aged love story but McPherson directs it like he 's doing Pinter - the bland comings and goings of life are freighted with much meaning , but what 's missing is a felt sense of existential dread .
All that needs to be known is that the writing , direction and performances -- especially from the beautifully matched leads Hinds and Hjejle -- are of the highest calibre , and The Eclipse makes the most of every element at its disposal .
Hinds has been ready for a role of this size and shape for years ; it was simply a matter of finding it , and its finding him .
The supernatural never seems far out of sight in Ireland , and it creeps in here and there during The Eclipse , a dark romance set at a literary festival in the County Cork cathedral town of Cobh . I 'm not sure it 's required , but it does little harm .
The film is sparked by unexpected jolts -- none of them as moving as a close-up of Hinds 's face haunted by grief , despair , and loneliness .
This blend of drama , comedy and horror works surprisingly well , thanks mainly to simply stunning performances by the three leads .
. . a portrait of grief in a setting both light and dark ...
A moodily evocative , quietly unnerving little tale of the pain of loss and the struggle to come to terms with grief .
For the most part , McPherson manages to pull off an unusual mix of sombre character drama and ghostly scares .
A modest but likeable film , it will reward the patient , with its ethereal vocals-driven score by Fionnuala Ni Chiosain , an interesting multi-skilled artists who often collaborates musically with the film 's director , Conor McPherson
Rarely has a horror film felt so tender .
Ultimately , though , it feels fleeting and slight passing across our line of vision , never a full but merely a partial engagement .
The Eclipse examines grief and loss , and it 's a fascinating , if not entirely satisfying movie . The experience of seeing it feels more like watching a play .
A quietly intriguing movie
McPherson has managed a rare hat trick in genre mash-up , fashioning a deeply absorbing movie that balances horror , romance , comedy and observant humanism with surprising finesse .
An above-average ghost tale elevated by its cast .
There are few surprises hidden in the film 's hushed spookiness .
You ca n't help being haunted by the thought that if McPherson had picked one genre and stuck to it he could have had a serious hit on his hands , as it is , the terrific performances are eclipsed by the unsettled tone .
A smart , scary , spine-tinglingly matter-of-fact ghost story .
McPherson is n't really interested in making a horror film ; he 's merely using the genre 's tropes as part of an adult romance about accepting tragedy and moving on . As a result , the energy slacks off in the final third .
An interesting blend of very nicely observed character based drama with some horror movie effects .
A literary lass finds more than she bargained for while looking for love on the Emerald Isle .
An unconventionally tender , heartfelt , well-acted and intriguing ghost story that offers both style and substance .
Makes good on its name by sometimes obscuring its themes and even point , which can have its charms though also severe drawbacks .
Although a suspense ghost story , Eclipse relies on character and performance to draw viewers in to a love story with an ending that is satisfyingly unsatisfying .
I guarantee it will both move you and scare the bejeesus out of you ... -LRB- Ciaran -RRB- Hinds is wonderful .
A screenplay caught between pools of blood and emotional healing , `` Eclipse '' can not make up its mind any more than can its ambivalent characters .
The story explores the prism of liminality . It is not just the ghosts who are stuck between worlds .
McPherson balances these disparate elements with great skill , never resorting to cheap scare tactics in what amounts to a sensitive character study .
he acting is of the highest caliber , but the characters and their circumstances are underwritten .
A leisurely and quite lovely drama that honors the conventions of gothic ghost stories without the slightest stain of self-irony .
McPherson -- while getting some lovely shots of the Irish seaside -- never succeeds in making Michael 's literary interests , or Lena 's passionate interests , seem quite plausible .
It 's a film of measuredness and maturity , and a fine one to curl up with .
The Eclipse is about death and sadness , rebirth and possibility . The film is anchored by Hinds ' performance -- the actor brings a soulful melancholy to the proceedings .
It 's still a good film , mostly because of Ciaran Hinds ' emotionally heartfelt performance .
The Eclipse finds plenty of heartfelt gravity in its tale of love lost and found on a gothic coast .
quietly haunting
Though The Eclipse travels a sleepy route to a shrug of anticlimax , it 's refreshing to see a film acknowledge that life and love do n't end at 50 , even in the outsized shadow of a soulmate 's death .
` The Eclipse ' is announced as ` exquisitely crafted supernatural drama , ' which it may arguably be except for the ` supernatural . '
A haunting film , nicely measured and performed . It may not feel like much upon first sight , but reflection afterward is key to appreciating its mysterious , mournful ways .
McPherson 's good actors remind you how stage plays generate interest solely through talk and , as The Eclipse gets further away from cinema , a bigger mystery develops : Why is McPherson 's filmmaking so uncinematic ?
A drama about grief , creativity , and the supernatural as expressed in the lives of a volunteer at a literary festival and a novelist who writes about ghosts .
The Eclipse is a curious Irish ghost story that fiddles with the recipe just enough to produce interesting results .
Unlike McPherson 's stage work , The Eclipse never finds a common ground between the fantastic and the heartfelt .
A film about growth and recovery , about finding your way in life after the loss of a loved one and simply one of the best films I 've seen this year so far .
Unsure of what it wants to be , The Eclipse winds up only being a mishmashed nothing .
While it does include two or three scream-worthy moments , they neither define nor dominate what is , in the end , a lovely tale of grief , love and moving on .
Playwright Conor McPherson directs his own unique brand of supernatural realism for an engaging romantic drama set in Ireland 's County Cork .
A much duller tale than its Irish literary festival setting would suggest .
Award-winning playwright Conor McPherson delivers a beautiful , even believable ghost drama that enraptures on many levels .
A charming oddity , a character-driven drama with just enough fringe genre elements to both enhance and distract , though ultimately hewing closer to the former to make the latter only a minor annoyance .
A ghost story , a romance , a gentle film with a leisurely pace against a lovely background in seaside Ireland .
A suffocating , completely unimaginative 90 minute slog that all adds up to : what , exactly ? If there are any stakes in this drama , high or low , then I somehow managed to miss them
The Eclipse shoots willy-nilly for too many registers of fear , and it never emanates a confident sense of what we are learning about these men and women by watching them panic , shudder , and second-guess themselves .


@highlight

An intriguingly unusual ghost story , Conor McPherson 's Eclipse blends supernatural suspense with romance to create a satisfying , character-driven whole .