If you 're a big fan of creaking floorboards , sudden jolts , and abandoned funeral homes , go nuts .
A run-of-the-mill spooker that often opts for Dolby jolts and Avid farts over character investment .
Una supuesta historia real sirve de base para un drama familiar enmarcado en un cuento de fantasmas . Nada nuevo . Previsible y efectista .
The movie works hard for your money and should theoretically be scarier than the cut rate television production . But it 's not . Not by a mile .
After about the 35th boo scare in as many minutes , the unfailingly cheesy `` The Haunting in Connecticut '' joins a growing legion of 2009 films offering self-reflective commentary on their own crappiness : `` We 're bored , '' shouts a baby brother .
Virginia Madsen and Kyle Gallner give their all to at least anchor some emotional reality to the fairly routine enterprise .
Woe be to you if you do n't see this film in a theater packed with back talking New Yorkers . Because then you might be forced to concentrate on what 's on screen .
Not as scary as 2005 's ` Amityville Horror ' but good nonetheless .
If you can solve 0 plus 0 , you can predict the ending .
the film may indeed be a little dumb at times , it nevertheless proves to be an effective horror-thriller
There are the beginnings of a good movie here .
Call it a Lifetime original movie made for Halloween . Call it a Sci-Fi Channel Saturday night thriller . ... and keep waiting for something that might actually scare you .
To its credit , the movie seems to understand that the primal appeal of these stories lies as much in the appearance of solemn dead people as in the possibility of domestic horrors .
In the poorly paced and ineptly edited Haunting in Connecticut , Matt is surrounded by dark shadows , ooky male choruses , and reflections of tortured corpses in dirty glass .
With Virginia Madsen leading the cast , The Haunting In Connecticut tells a good ghost story .
A blasé horror cocktail that has one or two good scares but mostly is a way to lay waste to time you never really wanted back anyway .
... a disposable horror film , made in hopes that some reputable actors might breathe life into the material .
Haunted-house movies would be nothing without the odd frisson of scepticism . This is the best in quite a while .
It 's as if the spirits rented DVDs of The Others , The Shining , Poltergeist , The Exorcist and roared , `` We 'll have some of that ! ''
The latest in a long line of duff Amityville Horror rip-offs .
I 'm not sure how much fact is at the core of ` The Haunting in Connecticut . '
Watchable , well made and superbly acted horror movie with several strong scenes , though it 's never remotely scary beyond a handful of the usual shock tactics .
Every individual element is either tremendously good or completely horrible , with virtually nothing left hanging in the middle ground of straight-up mediocrity .
Cornwell delivers shock-cut scares with metronomic regularity ; all you can do is sit numbly , waiting for the next pummeling .
Just knowing the movie is based on ` the true story ' makes it seem that much more impressive
Never play hide-and-seek in a haunted house , unless you want to discover you 're sharing your dumbwaiter hidey-hole with a ghostly charred corpse .
You may laugh at the dramatics but you 'll be afraid to turn the light off when you go to bed .
-LSB- R -RSB- ote haunted-house flick , which telegraphs its obvious scares , even the ones it has shamelessly stolen from far superior scary movies ...
The audience is left in a state of detachment , outside looking in on the Campbell family ordeal .
Unoriginal , shoddy horror film is too gory for kids .
more somber than spooky , more grimy than gory
Despite being based on a true story this derivative horror tale seems like the same old thing we 've seen before .
works at times as an effectively creepy chiller that loses its way only near the end when it starts getting too sensationalistic for its own good
Bigger on plot than fright , Haunting succeeds in transitioning from initial boo-scare tactics to genuinely ghastly storytelling , but it 's no 1408 .
Exactly everything it 's advertised to be , and more .
There are some creepy moments but this does not so much haunt you as beat you into weary submission with special effects .
Although this horror movie is based on true events the result is hard to distinguish from any other haunted house ghost story .
The Haunting in Connecticut is exactly as good as it needs to be to satisfy people who like haunted-house movies or ghost stories .
Open the medicine cabinet door , nothing is in the mirror , close the door and there is -- place your check mark here -- the demon , monster , psychopathic killer .
The line between a great haunted house thriller and a mediocre one is very , very slim .
For the most part , The Haunting feels like what would happen if a real family faced unreal circumstances in their home , and that 's no simple feat in the horror genre .
Madsen barely emotes during the ensuing flood of hokey scare tactics .
-LSB- A -RSB- bloodless , bland spookfest riddled with empty ` gotcha ! ' moments .
I wish Haunting had trusted its plot and its dank visuals -- which are often extraordinary -- instead of relying on cheap thrills of the cat-jumps-out-of-the-closet variety .
It 's an effective , old-school haunted-house movie .
The Haunting in Connecticut operates like someone leaning in behind you and yelling . At first , it makes you jump . The 200th time , it 's just annoying .
Haunting suffers for its need to be sold as a straight-up horror film , and the fact it has been seemingly retrofitted as such .
By the final reel you 'll either be swept along by the sheer energetic absurdity of it all , or you 'll be laughing at how goofy and muddled it is . The only thing you definitely wo n't be is scared .
Connecticut : not very haunty .
Eventually the whole thing ends as these B-movies usually do -- with false denouements , sudden conflagrations and forced happy endings that leave the audience groaning and prematurely grabbing for their coats .
Only Elias Koteas ' work as a pained preacher manages to resonate , suggesting a quality this production otherwise sorely lacks -- soul .
-LSB- W -RSB- hite people have n't learned much in the quarter-century since Eddie Murphy 's classic disquisition on The Amityville Horror .
Ho-hum , one more slapped-together exercise in pre-fab horror .
It 's boring to pick apart a movie 's inconsistencies one by one , but The Haunting in Connecticut contains so many insults to the audience 's intelligence , it does n't offer much choice .
It 's just such a thoroughly typical ghost story .
It loses steam once the wraiths become fully visible : they 're just not scary enough .
The cast is never less than competent . Still , you wonder why Madsen is making movies as meretricious as this one .
Creaking floorboards , slamming doors , flickering lights -- you 've seen it all before , and it 's all here again .
Director Peter Cornwell and writers Adam Simon and Tim Metcalfe set up their version of the Connecticut haunting with remarkable efficiency and credible atmospherics .
Going to a scary movie is kind of like a first date . Your palms get sweaty , you 're consistently nervous , and you 're just hoping for something unexpected to happen . It 's a love/hate thing , and so is this movie .
A simple haunted-house flick , pure and silly .
Has a somewhat chilling atmosphere and stylishly eerie effects , but gives away too much information too fast and lacks the palpable tension and scares required to make it a truly haunting experience .
This convoluted story becomes mired in drama to the point where you 'll care little when you finally find out what is actually in the house . You 'll care even less when they take a stab at a twist ending , performed at the same blistering pace as the rest of
Haunting in Connecticut made me feel like I was in a padded room . The main core was AWFUL but the two ends were actually pretty entertaining . Wait for the cable viewing .
Parental Content Review
Gives you the creeps , the giggles and the groans in almost equal measure .
Though it 's technically based on a true story , The Haunting in Connecticut looks more like it was based on earlier horror movies .
Far more intriguing than your average PG-13 genre entry .
Hopes for a haunted house thriller that intelligently delves into supernatural territory are usurped by an abundance of cheap scares and a plot derivative of far superior predecessors .
Quick , somebody grab a dictionary and show director Peter Cornwell the difference between homage and grand larceny .
What started out reasonably scary , if derivative , just drags on and becomes silly .
Despite well-designed scare shots , the laborious telling of this elaborate ghost story ultimately fizzles under the weight of too much effort .
It 's one of those movies where the reactions of those around you may be more entertaining than the film itself .
The movie bumps along from low-grade scare to scare , and it 's not lousy , mainly because Virginia Madsen prevents it from being so .
a subpar cinematic translation
`` The Amityville Horror '' already spawned several sequels - did it really need a spinoff too ?
It was with considerable surprise that I found myself flinching more than once while watching Peter Cornwell 's ghost story , The Haunting in Connecticut .
You wo n't find much new in this mundane but atmospheric thriller .
Begins with promise but quickly derails as scene after scene becomes mere setup for predictable ` boo ! ' moments , overly flashy editing , and hokey CGI effects .
As a piece of storytelling , The Haunting In Connecticut is pretty lazy . As a horror movie , it 's lazier still , bringing out every annoying shock-cut and disorienting sound-design trick of the last decade .
The Haunting in Connecticut is another movie based on a supposedly true paranormal occurrence -- perhaps you have n't entirely forgotten 2005 's The Exorcism of Emily Rose or An American Haunting from 2006 .
Haunting of Connecticut does n't have to worry about line-straddling , its crummy scares and laughable stabs at a faith-restored narrative granting it permanent residence in the realm of C-grade cheese .
Good performances and an eerie atmosphere ca n't save the flick : I 'd wait for the DVD .
This structurally defective horror movie never pays off on the carefully planted `` Boo '' scares that it detonates at a regular rate during its underdeveloped story .
Factor in eyelid fetishism , occult barfing at seances on rewind , undead wilding , attempted murder by shower curtain , cadaver liberation , and some nifty house-orcism , and you 've got a collection of fairly reliable elements for an unnerving horror thriller .
Ultimately even the star of Cronenberg 's Crash ca n't salvage what is essentially a substandard rip-off of The Amityville Horror .
The combination of emotional impact and brutal imagery is initially potent , but the second half of the movie wallows in occult cheese that 's hard to swallow .
Even though it 's a local curiosity here in Connecticut , it 's predictably hokey and formulaic .
If the movie has a flaw , it 's too many surprises .
So old-fashioned in its effects that it seems positively quaint ; it resembles nothing so much as one of those ` scary ' primetime telefilms that ABC specialized in during the 1970s .
The lights flicker ! The ghosts appear and disappear ! The score is noisy ! Connecticut could n't be more repetitive if it included two takes of every scene .
Manages to break free from heavy iron genre chains and provide a spooky event that might not send the average viewer screaming out of the theater , but it could induce some heavy fingernail chewing during the ride .
The writers , `` true story '' or not , were plainly recycling Amityville story structure . So credit editor Tom Elkins with the scares that work .
The eerie buildup is mostly pro forma ... But the backstory of the haunted house , revealed slowly in sepia-toned hallucinations , really is creepy .
About as scary as a shower that suddenly changes temperature when someone flushes the toilet .
The Haunting in Connecticut is n't a standout in its genre , but it offers enough creepy moments and scares to entertain the occasional horror fan .
A ` true story ' of ghosts and illness suffers in comparison to the director 's attention-getting short Ward 13 .
A based-on-fact ghost story that 's long on atmosphere yet short on dramatic tension .






@highlight

Though it features a few scares and some creepy atmosphere , The Haunting in Connecticut ultimately relies too much on familiar horror cliches to achieve its goals .