This gripping Korean thriller remains one of the most unique releases of last decade .
Imagine , if you will , the great white shark from Jaws clambering out of the water and attacking people on land , and you 'll have some sense of what makes Bong Joon-ho 's film The Host so terrifying .
Joon-ho Bong 's The Host is a very different kettle of mutated fish .
A livid bureaucratic satire , berserk creature feature and surprisingly somber drama , `` The Host '' is a convulsive , wild ride - simultaneously eliciting squirms and giggles by mashing up finger-pointing anger with `` The Thing 's '' wiseass wickedness .
A pleasant reminder of the pleasures in the low-budget quickly made monster B-film of the 1950s .
A subversive blast
This monster movie from the Republic of Korea is one of the best films of its kind .
Minor flaws in a film destined to be embraced by genre fans worldwide .
A fantastic satire/monster movie
Imagine Little Miss Sunshine and Alien mixed together and you 'll have an inkling of what South Korea 's The Host has in store for you .
A rather tender-hearted , often sorrowful , more often hilarious view on the familial conflicts between generations and between siblings .
Joon-ho Bong effectue un pied de nez pour le moins renversant à une formule attribuant ordinairement une force psychologique surhumaine à ses protagonistes
If the slow pacing and gawky acting seem typical of low-budget monster movies , so much the better .
Más que una simple película de monstruos , un raro ejemplo de entretenimiento , drama familiar , crítica política y social y humor muy , muy bizarro .
like a mutant hybrid spawned from the improbable union of Little Miss Sunshine and Godzilla ; for in this family comedy and political satire an unnaturally evolved tadpole just happens to loom -LRB- very -RRB- large .
The Host is a decent little monster movie that fans of the genre should enjoy .
I was disappointed what started out as a very promising genre pic became weighted down by its own pretensions .
a terrific popcorn movie that ... contains equal parts humor , horror and drama and turns out to be a thoroughly enjoyable `` creature '' movie that also contains an underlying environmental message .
click for full review
In spite of its assorted lumpy bits , this is a far more successful monster movie than any creature feature Hollywood has churned out in a LONG time
A self-aware throwback to the giant ants and nuclear-spawned mutant movies of the 1950s ...
Mixes the chemically enhanced intensity of a Godzilla sequel with the single-minded mission status of Harold and Kumar .
Both fun and thought-provoking , but it 's just not the instant classic it 's being hailed as .
The origin of the film 's amphibious creature may be firmly planted at the doorstep of U.S. hubris , but The Host is strictly populist fare , ironically owing much to the best of American blockbusters .
It packs an emotional kick that we do n't expect from a movie where a giant iguana is running around with human legs dangling out of his mouth like stray pieces of linguini .
Monster movies do n't often stomp their way into theaters these days , and the entertaining yet vacant Korean film `` The Host '' provides a reason why : Even when they 're well executed , they 're still sort of lame .
A delirious mix of scares , laughs and surprising political critiques , a movie which always seems to be running ahead of the audience and daring us to keep up .
In the end , the real monster is not the slithering beast we 're there to watch , but the weight of an entire society . And we 're left believing that a ragtag bunch of misfits can overcome that too .
As ebullient and bizarre as a monster that can do back flips , leaving the viewer in a shock of delight .
A horror thriller , a political satire , a dysfunctional family comedy , and a touching melodrama , Bong Joon-ho 's The Host is also one helluva monster movie .
I never thought I 'd crack up watching a family mourn the death of a beloved daughter . But I 've never seen a film quite like The Host , and that 's far from the most bizarre thing in it .
Comes up with not only a fistful of nervous pools of fear but also a heady wellspring of classic monster-movie matinee fun .
Bravely shifting tones from the horrific to the slapstick and back again , Bong Joon-ho has made a movie that 's comprised almost equally of family sitcom , political indictment , high-urban paranoia and maximum-geek , monster-movie delight .
When the toothy petals of its slimy flower mouth unfold to engulf an unlucky victim , the giant river monster in ` The Host ' looks like something imagined by H.P. Lovecraft and painted by Georgia O'Keeffe .
I have never seen anything like `` The Host , '' a terrifying East Asian monster movie that is as funny as it is grotesque % u2014 almost a subversion of the entire genre
This is not your standard monster movie and , I must admit , it caught me off guard .
A throwback to the uncensored `` Godzilla , '' a anti-American broadside with a scary monster and off-kilter humor . What more can you ask for in a movie ?
The Host is that rare movie that fulfills the old movie-trailer promise : `` You 'll laugh ! You 'll cry ! '' You 'll do both , and then some .
The Host has a rather playful sense of humor . That helps keep the audience off balance -- at least long enough to be startled and jolted .
The Host is not about politics or pollution , but an evocative and often rollicking throwback .
Rarely plays out the way you expect . Director Bong is careful to deliver the promised scares , but he is also willing to overlook plot formulas to explore his own interests .
Maybe this is actually a treatise on the dissonance between East and West , science and nature , promise and tragedy . Nah . It 's just a dumb , crappy horror movie that wants to be celebrated as such .
The film 's limber and inventive director Joon-ho Bong keeps The Host creeping and leaping for its entire two hours , which are filled with incident after incident , alternately terrifying , ridiculous , suspenseful and wry .
Slightly subversive but entertaining , The Host is a South Korean creature-feature import that 'll get the Godzilla juices flowing again .
Sort of scary ? Maybe . Gleefully humorous with a wink toward the tradition of bad monster movies ? Not enough .
A monster movie for those who like a little meat on the genre 's bones .
The Host is many things , some of them icky . Above all , though , it is the story of how these slapstick figures rise painfully to the level of competence , and beyond .
Our quirky family of ordinary heroes is on the march , fighting bad guys and bad monsters . And so the movie begins . Have fun .
Barely five minutes into The Host , it 's already clear that a classic movie monster has been superbly unleashed . Its introductory rampage on the banks of the Han River instantly qualifies as one of the best monster attack scenes ever .
Individual stories bog down the film 's pace , but The Host recovers quickly to redefine horror for the new millennium . This you have to see .
The movie pops up out of nowhere , grabs you in its big , messy tentacles , and drags you down into murky depths , where social satire coexists with slapstick , and B-movie clichés mutate into complex metaphors .
Can 93 % of American movie critics be wrong ? On the soft and squishy Rotten Tomatoes website , an amazing 70 out of 75 critics gave a thumbs up to The Host , a hokey South Korean monster movie that makes Godzilla look like The Godfather .
Slapstick and Godzilla-inspired histrionics go -LRB- skillfully -RRB- hand-in-hand in this hugely entertaining creature feature from South Korea .
I always love it when I 'm pleasantly surprised by a film I was not excited to see -- ` The Host ' is a highly entertaining testament to the genre of ` monster movies ' .
Without a lot of chills , and not much in the way of humor , I would n't say rush out to see this .
Boon shows that he has the film grammar of a Spielberg in how well he conveys his story cinematically ... Boon will go places that Spielberg wo n't though .
It 's unlike just about any other monster movie I 've ever seen .
A perfect mixture of the silly and the grave .
Wickedly sardonic and fiercely fiendish in its perky presentation ... a smart and simmering creature feature that crackles with percolating weirdness and wonderment .
A creature feature of a different stripe . An oddly funny , scary , politically potent tale .
Bong still offers a powerful rejoinder to his Hollywood counterparts : Anything you can do , I can do better .
A great monster , strong performances and unexpected humor .
You 'll laugh , you 'll gasp , you 'll jump , you 'll ask Hollywood for your money back . Seek it out .
Retains a quirky charm that can not be discounted . Recommended not just for what it achieves , but for what it attempts to .
Bong 's supreme achievement is that he has made his many messages fun .
If this madly entertaining movie has a fault , it 's that it 's too ingenious for the genre it ostensibly inhabits .
What a pleasure to watch an ambitious horror film that not only frightens but also surprises and engages us completely with its artful shifting of tones .
Boon 's film is both funny and heartbreaking , a supremely confident mix of political satire , free-floating paranoia , fractured family dynamics and the kind of comedy that regularly reconfigures itself into tragedy .
A great piece of filmmaking and a legitimate science-fiction/horror classic .
The problem with the film is that the sum is n't greater than the parts and the pieces do n't fuse in a way that 's consistently pleasing or cinematically satisfying .
Bong Joon-ho 's The Host is the best kind of genre film , a movie that delivers the conventions audiences expect from a horror flick while also offering surprising new variations on the formula .
The Host is wildly entertaining ; people who love the genre will get their geek buttons pushed hard by this flick . But what makes the movie an instant classic is that it 's also , in its dark heart , a furious lampoon .
The first good horror movie of the year .
The Host is a loopy , feverishly imaginative genre hybrid about the demons that haunt us from without and within .
The Host is a horror movie with a difference . South Korea 's biggest box-office hit ever , the thriller -- by director-writer Bong Joon-ho -- is a fantastical genre-buster .
Bong Joon-ho 's cheerfully outrageous monster movie is set to attain instant cult status .
Packed with politics , family conflict and satiric references to some of the more absurd aspects of Korean cinema , The Host never forgets to be a scary , icky , over-the-top fright fest , either .
Monster movies tend to be as misunderstood as their creatures , but dating back to 1931 's Frankenstein , some have n't been about scaring us so much as enlightening us . The Host does this while disgorging a lizardlike carnivore .
One of those rare movies that actually transcends all genres and just becomes a great movie , period .
At heart , it 's a monster movie , but it 's one creature feature that refuses to settle into a mold , and that 's precisely why it deserves a look .
The Host is at best a well-made entertainment mixing drama with humor , with enough populist touches to endear itself to audiences .
A horror thriller , a political satire , a dysfunctional family comedy and a touching melodrama , Bong Joon-ho 's The Host is also one helluva monster movie .
The mix of dark humor , creeping suspense , and a sort of apocalyptic tenderness makes this the best horror flick in years .
It 's Godzilla with a severe case of Murphy 's Law , and it is never less than bizarrely delightful .
While Bong is certainly a talented craftsman worth keeping an eye on , I just was n't as captivated by this adventure as I would have liked to have been .
In the tradition of its underfunded forebears , `` The Host '' does have its flat moments , most of them huddled together in the middle of the movie ; but it also has true genre fizz and conviction , and some interesting ideas .
Godzilla lives in The Host , a South Korean monster movie that combines contemporary technique with the social commentary of those old giant lizard films from Japan .
Pure genre entertainment , featuring great special effects .
A spirited endeavor at enhancing the signal sent from Godzilla so long ago , for even then , under the atomic bomb fallout , governments were not to be trusted .
It stirs a stew of genre conventions , from political commentary to dysfunctional family satire to earnest emotional pathos , into an often thrilling monster movie as indebted to the B-movies of seventies American drive-ins as it is to Japan 's Godzilla
exactly what our Western shores need .
The Host mixes bittersweet humor and horrifying monster antics in a way that would be almost unimaginable for any modern American film .
The Host is a mesmerizing , occasionally gangbusters dark ride that invigorates the long dead genre 's potential for scares and composite storytelling .
The Host works on so many levels simultaneously that it 's like getting a film series for the price of one . You must , must , must see this movie .
A cross between Godzilla and Jaws , it manages to be both truly scary and truly funny -- sometimes all at once .
A film that will catch you leaning in one direction and abruptly pull you in another , all the while building to a surprisingly emotional climax .
It 's a comedy , it 's a vivid evocation of a dysfunctional family that comes together in crisis , it 's a wondrous homage to the courage of children , it 's a biting critique of the government .
Not a cheery movie , but it is a frequently hilarious one . The monster , as terrifying as it is , also has the timing of a crack comedian , and filmmaker Bong Joon-ho sees no contradiction in interrupting a tense chase scene for a wayward bit of comedy .
Implausibles become inane in this Godzilla Jr. jubilee , something just right for the DVD cheapie bins .
-LSB- Director Bong Joon-ho -RSB- brings to his subject a humanistic affection and expansive knowledge of the real world rarely found among filmmakers who single-mindedly nourished their childhood imaginations on things from black lagoons .
Throws a lively party with a little of everything : scares , laughs , politics and a bit of archery .
The Host is first and foremost an ecstatic monster movie , as terrifying as it is funny .
Like Wes Craven , -LSB- director -RSB- Bong recognizes the possibilities for artistic and editorial expression that lie in the fertile ground of the thriller/horror/slasher genre .
One helluva monster movie -- a giant-tadpole flick that melds chills , heart and humor into one gloriously wild , weird package ... an immediate oddball classic .
... relentlessly entertaining .
I hesitate to use the word ` rollicking ' for any reason , especially in the context of a horror film , but that 's what The Host is : rollicking , thrilling , scary , funny , and satirical .
A thrilling ride and a sometimes dry , sometimes sweet comedy , but beneath all that is a humane and tragic view of life worthy of the greatest films . Even those without rubber monsters .
An absolutely corking giant monster movie , told with more panache and verve than anything since the lean and hungry glory days of Spielberg .
-LSB- This -RSB- wildly entertaining saga should become the hip , thinking-person 's monster movie of choice .
Both smashing entertainment and snarky geopolitical allegory , this Godzilla vs. Little Miss Sunshine is the wildest and weirdest movie to hit screens in quite some time .
Like a delightfully unhinged version of a 1960s Japanese monster movie , this Korean thriller piles on character detail , political comment and comedy asides .
What makes it so enjoyable is how much stuff it contains while never losing sight of its prime directive , which is to thrill and terrify .
The Host , Bong Joon-ho 's giddy creature feature , has an anarchic mess factor worthy of a pile of old Mad magazines .
The Host begins with a dry , frequently absurd comic sensibility , but steadily grows darker , more intense and truly thrilling .
A colorful dissection of the fiendish creature genre that touches on a number of contemporary themes .
With unflappable confidence , Bong Joon-ho grafts droll humor and sly political commentary onto the DNA of a classic Hollywood creature feature .
Its brilliance as an original piece of filmmaking makes it evidently clear how much genius is at work behind every single frame .
This is a portrait of a country 's deepest anxieties , which just happen to be distilled into a mandibled squidlike reptile . It has the tang of social realism .
Part social satire , horror , comedy and family drama `` The Host '' is an exciting example of cinematic bravura that signals a new day for Asian cinema .
Because this movie was made in Korea , and not in the focus group fancying US of A , The Host tends to avoid most of the genre 's obvious stumbling blocks .
Joon-ho is more skilled with his monster action scenes than with his virus conspiracy ...
The creature is aquatic , acrobatic but definitely not angelic , in this idiosyncratic mix of creature feature and horror thriller , with a dash of slapstick , and a pinch of black humour .
Head and shoulders above its SF/action competition .
One simply dreads the inevitable Hollywood remake ...
A wonderfully weird , and hugely entertaining , genre exercise that should please all sorts of audiences , whether art-house types or fanboys .
What distinguished this horror pic is its emphasis on the personal -- on love of family rather than the fight against the beast
The thinking person 's giant mutant tadpole pic , and just how many of those have you seen lately ?
A beautifully made , thoroughly enjoyable monster flick with moments of comic genius . It 'll be interesting to see what the pleasingly-named Bong Joon-ho comes up with next .
Not just a monster movie , it 's a movie about family , and it 's a movie about the lengths we 'll go to to save our loved ones .
O talentoso Joon-ho utiliza o gênero `` Godzilla '' para contar uma história intimista que , no processo , faz pesadas críticas à submissão sul-coreana aos interesses norte-americanos . E tudo isso levando o espectador à tensão , ao riso e ao drama .
The Host evolves into that rare horror film that becomes inconsolably poignant .
Some of the film is a lot of fun . The rest is way too long .
A cineaste well versed in film history , Bong Joon-ho blends effectively the conventions of the horror creature flick -LRB- with echoes of Jaws and Alien -RRB- and those of the family in peril , fighting dangers from within and without .
Bong Joon-ho 's The Host delivers high-octane thrills while cannily exploiting contemporary political fears .
Bong has worked a tonal miracle here - he 's made a movie that elicits laughs , groans , screams and winces yet never lets one upstage the others .
Bong 's typical satirical , almost absurdist humor is in evidence here -- most vividly in a funeral scene that disintegrates into hysterical fisticuffs -- along with a touch of socio-political comment .
A well-calibrated mix of suspense , comedy and political satire .
The Host may be lumpy and bumpy , but it 's also one of the freshest monster movies we 've had in decades -- and , to any creature-feature buff , a rocket-ride blast of the highest order .
... filmmaker Bong Joon-ho bogs the proceedings down with an egregiously overlong running time and an unwarranted -LRB- and unwanted -RRB- emphasis on the political ramifications of the monster 's existence .
Unlike Spielberg of late , -LSB- it does n't -RSB- cop out
The special effects used to bring the creature to cinematic life are really quite excellent , and the frequent beastie bites should tickle even the most jaded horror freak .
Pic , which is not even in widescreen , will be best appreciated by auds who just go with the quirky flow rather than expect regulated , U.S.-style thrills .










@highlight

As populace pleasing as it is intellectually satisfying , The Host combines scares , laughs , and satire into a riveting , monster movie .