Hansel & Gretel , a bizarrely updated twist on the fairy tale , is the perfect example of a movie that is both intentionally and unintentionally funny at the same time .
That it is so hilariously awful and staggeringly terrible across so many levels makes it a Hall of Famer .
Treat yourself : buy the pick 'n' mix but skip the film .
Viewing the film in IMAX 3D was less an experience than an endurance test .
Hansel and Gretel : Witch Hunters ends with the suggestion that there is more to come . That seems overly optimistic .
A cinematic Rube Goldberg machine , stocked with attention-grabbing but incongruous moving parts , working in concert to achieve nothing .
a disposable fairy tale ride
The best `` Evil Dead '' sequel we never got .
Very lean and speedy ... Its primary goal seems to be to entertain as quickly as possible and get the audience back out the door before the story gets old .
Another similarity it shares with Van Helsing is that it 's not very good .
a loud , obnoxious mess
I laughed quite often , at its brazen and unapologetic stupidity more than its intentional stabs at comedy .
-LSB- Director Tommy -RSB- Wirkola attempts to balance his over-the-top gore with gags , but the jokes often fall flat . The characters are n't very compelling either , and that 's a problem in a film built around action .
There may be some wit afoot , particularly with director-writer Tommy Wirkola 's good-for-a-chuckle rethinking of the missing child notices adorning milk bottles , but the film is still just a one-note , hired guns story-with groupies .
Imagine the elaborate plan : ` We use the sets left over from Red Riding Hood , add a candy house , throw in some aerial forest shots out of Twilight , keep it cheap . Steampunk it up , and have 'em wear leather , ` specially her . Lotsa cleavage . '
Nothing more than Dario Argento dialed down for fourteen-year-olds .
It 's an amusingly cheeky notion : the siblings from the Brothers Grimm fairy tale as witch-slaying bounty hunters . A defter hand than Wirkola 's might have succeeded ... but the film 's anachronisms are clumsy and most of the jokes fall flat .
Dangerously ignorant and inaccurate on the subject of diabetes , Hansel and Gretel should be disregarded at all costs , and the filmmakers really ashamed they put something so irresponsible on the big screen .
... feels like a coven of people in offices visited the set , were shown the mocked-up candy house and then decided to gut the whole thing and make it safe for theatrical and television sales to other countries where there 's lots of censorship .
Let 's not mince words : Hansel and Gretel is not a good movie .
The gore is a bore and the sweary script just is n't funny .
One suspects that , seriously or tongue in cheek , it 's really about the `` war against terror '' and that Hansel and Gretel are the CIA and the witches belong to al-Qaida .
What will Terra Firma 's new overlords think of us if , by some freak set of circumstances , Hansel and Gretel : Witch Hunters is all that remains of our once proud hominid civilisation ?
There 's no reason in the world for Hansel and Gretel : Witch Hunters not to be good , clean , trashy fun . But it is n't .
Made in Germany , this raucous adventure merrily refuses to follow the usual Hollywood route of blanding-down a fairy tale for the lowest common denominator -LRB- see both Snow White movies last year -RRB- .
-LSB- A -RSB- fast and furious all-action continuation of the classic fairy tale ...
It 's an appalling , insulting and cynical mess from start to finish .
The picture moves fast and is an efficient enough action-horror , with good effects and plenty of violence , but it 's too machine-tooled and perfunctory to make you care .
It ends up looking like a witless , cheesy knock-off of the Underworld and Resident Evil movies . They were n't good , and this is worse .
Somewhere in here is a good movie . I guess it got lost in the woods .
Bereft of engaging characters or dialogue , it lurches from one blood-splattered action sequence to the next , even threatening viewers with a sequel at the end .
It 's a film which is so demeaningly bad , so utterly without merit , that there is a kind of purity in its awfulness .
It takes a fairy tale and plays it for laughs , without being remotely funny .
Dismal action/adventure fantasy that consists of nothing more than a series of badly directed fight sequences and fails to engage on every conceivable level , thanks to poor direction , lacklustre performances and a badly written , frequently idiotic script .
Lacks all sense of magic , of myth , of danger , of humor , of power . A compete and utter all-around disaster ...
Maybe it would n't seem so bad if the plot made a lick of sense ... but it does n't !
Gore hounds will relish the sliced appendages count but - with a sharper script - you ca n't help thinking this could really have cast a spell .
There 's rarely a moment where you do n't feel like there 's at least one reel of footage missing .
This is no fairytale for kids , but adults are advised to give it a miss too .
Yes , it 's utter trash . But if , like me , you 've spent weeks sitting through overlong , award-baiting dramas , this gleefully cheesy treat should hit the spot .
Ironically , despite its lack of humour , Hansel & Gretel : Witch Hunters is a film destined to be remembered as a laughing stock .
At best it 's an intermittent assault on the senses but even that 's not nearly as fun as it sounds .
There 's the occasional reasonable joke , a very game Arterton in leather trousers , and enough gore to make even a Grimm brother shudder .
A lurching misstep from the Dead Snow director .
While the idea of giving fairy tale stars Hansel and Gretel the R-rated bloody adult treatment sounds like a good idea to me , it turns out it 's only good in theory .
It 's silly , sure . Trouble is , it 's not silly enough ... The action sequences are a let down ; mostly shot in swish pans , the loss of brightness that comes with 3D makes much of the movie look like a murky blur .
The only audience I can think of who might enjoy this movie would be 12 - or 13-year-old boys , whose parents may be wary of letting them watch it because of the numerous instances of haphazardly inserted curse words .
Wirkola aims for camp but overshoots , causing things to feel less like Sam Raimi and more like Uwe Boll .
A ho-hum example of not only style over substance , but also over any redeeming entertainment value , bar watching Renner think to himself , `` What the hell am I doing here ? I 've got two Oscar nominations ! ''
If this long-delayed and blatantly pandering CGI malarkey is anything to go by , Hollywood 's current craze for fairy tales is n't going to have a happy ending .
Part of me thinks they 'd have been better casting Jason Statham and Milla Jovovich given the film 's theme of action first , plot second .
There is n't much to this beyond the poorly staged , rapidly edited violence ; the witches , all but devoid of backstory , are basically canvasses for cartoon splatter .
This movie probably is n't going to win anybody any awards . Still , it seems a logical conclusion that most people willing to part with their hard-earned cash would be expecting something great from a film called Hansel & Gretel : Witch Hunters .
The movie settles for showers of gore with intermittent moments of spoofiness .
The whole kidding trope , which you can bet was ordered by McKay and Ferrell , is pretty lame , and defeats the leads ' attempts to bring shadings to cardboard cartoon characters .
At least it puts forth a sound message : Kids , avoid overdoing it on sweets -- especially candy that doubles as drywall .
In his English-language debut , Wirkola dabbles in everything but commits to nothing , making for an unmemorable brew best left untasted .
It 's a grim fairy tale , all right .
Hammy , boring , chronically unfunny - there 'll be nightmares before bedtime .
Eighty-eight minutes of trash .
A half-heartedly conceived , boringly executed , and instantly forgettable feathered-fish for absolutely no one ... just bad enough to incite an existential , soul-searching journey wherein we wonder if we are even capable of experiencing joy
... a guilty pleasure film ... pokes -LRB- fun -RRB- at pop culture and other similar fantasy action films . Purists and `` flim buffs '' will want to steer clear ... to avoid its taint ...
Uneven in tone and full of action , `` Hansel & Gretel : Witch Hunters '' is an above-average fever dream of a movie that 's a grownup nod to a grim fairy tale .
A sorry witches ' brew of tedium that burns all too slowly , despite its brisk 88 minute running time , there 's no trail of enticement -LRB- or even breadcrumbs -RRB- to lead us into the forest
In the 1960s and 70s , violent witch movies offered anti-establishment critiques of fascist witch-hunt intolerance ; in 2013 , a violent witch movie asks the audience to cheer the torture of suspects and to affirm the slaughter of ` the other ' as escapism .
First there was Abraham Lincoln : Vampire Hunter . Now there 's Hansel & Gretel : Witch Hunters . Neither of them deserved to be mentioned again .
Just another entry in Bland Fairy Tale Theater , a shapeless riff on those hapless German siblings with the worst parents ever .
Hansel and Gretel is a bloody mess .
-LSB- A -RSB- craptastic orgy of gore - one that 's way better than it has any right to be .
It would be different if Hansel & Gretel were only stupid ; that it 's also boring is unforgivable .
I doubt that they had Strike Anywhere matches in the 14th century , and I 'm pretty sure nobody said things like `` Whatever happens , stay cool . ''
A mess on every conceivable front , Hansel & Gretel : Witch Hunters is unable to generate so much as a minute of movie magic .
Who cares what Hansel and Gretel did when they grew up !
Hansel and Gretel : Witch Hunters has the hypnotic allure of a candy-coated house but in reality , it 's a diabetic coma .
It is goofy , it is big and ridiculous , and it is fun - until it 's not .
It 's never boring , but it also never gets beyond averagely good .
What on Earth are Renner and Arterton doing in this godforsaken thing ?
What 's next , ` The Old Woman who lives in the Shoe - with Shoulder-Fired Rocket Launchers ? '
a veritable goldmine of rip-roaring popcorn entertainment , so outrageous in execution yet so disciplined in pacing that it becomes increasingly easier to immerse oneself with each passing second .
-LSB- A -RSB- clever setup undercut by repetitive , sometimes jumbled action and comedy that is n't that amusing in the first place .
Some promise was there , but `` Hansel and Gretel '' is ultimately just another January bore that we 'll forget by March .
The effects and make-up stand out , and some of the action sequences packed a punch , but the film was just too dull and predictable to help it rise above the January heap .
The good news is that the actors appear to be having fun . The bad news is that we 're not .
`` Hansel & Gretel : Witch Hunters '' could be a poster-movie for the exact type of gratuitously gun-heavy Hollywood flick that is being blamed for planting seeds of violence in young viewers .
I counted at least six occasions when Renner could 've led with , `` This ... is my BOOM STICK . ''
Full of exploding heads and set in that weird movie land where the people still ride horses , light their homes with candles and possess automatic weapons ...
Automatic weapons ? Bows that shoot bunches of arrows ? Brain death for a plot ? Witchery and demonic doings not even close to what the Brothers Grimm had in mind in 1812 .
Much like the candy that lures in Hansel and Gretel , Wirkola 's fairy tale transformation is a tasty indulgence - admittedly not for everybody , but a treat for those with the proper sweet tooth .
Wirkola seems to have been aiming for something campy and irreverent . A melding of ` Princess Bride ' and ` Witches ' perhaps ? He misses badly , thanks to the leaden , cliché-riddled script
Viewers can expect a level of gore that in comparison makes Django Unchained look as wholesome as The Vow -LRB- OK , maybe not quite -RRB- . The bloodletting at least breaks up the monotony of the fight sequences .
Wirkola tears through `` Hansel & Gretel : Witch Hunters '' with such giddy abandon , it ends up being splattery fanboy fun . Preposterous , clearly , but fun .
For all the perspiration in jazzing up an old yarn , there 's not a whiff of originality in how Wirkola engages with the perverse pleasures enshrined by the Grimm brothers , two of their era 's shrewdest storytellers .
There is n't much swashbuckling chemistry between Mr. Renner and Ms. Arterton , and the script does n't give them enough of the witty lines that can elevate these types of movies to must-see status ...
Preposterous and blood-splattering - not even with the price of admission , let alone the added 3-D surcharge .
Even the 3D feels listless and dead .
If the very title has you rolling your eyes , do n't even bother . If , however , it makes you think you 'd like to see their further adventures , by all means take a chance .
Even the most immature of viewers will find this to be dumb , messy , empty and an even bigger waste of Renner 's talent than The Avengers .
A spectacular failure of epic proportions , delivering a loud and ludicrous film . But I ca n't say I was n't entertained at times , probably for all the wrong reasons .
It is n't a movie so much as a mechanical process .
I remember clearly what it was like to be a 12-year-old boy and know that if they had let me make a movie at that age it would look an awful lot like ` Hansel & Gretel : Witch Hunters . '
a stumblebum exercise that explores many tones , skipping over the good as well as the bad , with an uneven script and curiously inert direction
... a comic booky ride , but not enough fun to build a franchise on .
Even skillful actors , such as Jeremy Renner , ca n't rescue this silly , poorly executed retelling of the classic fable .
A rarely funny spoof that 's heavy on bone-crushing and blood-gushing .
Despite aiming for a deeper character story , Hansel & Gretel : Witch Hunters only succeeds as mindless and bloody entertainment - thin as its fairy tale source material .
The movie has been sitting on the shelf for a while , and like , say , a house of candy you might find in the woods , it 's gotten a bit stale .
This may be the longest 90 minutes you ever spend in a theater . You 've been warned .
Hansel & Gretel : Witch Hunters is big , LOUD and stupid .
For those who care to look past the obvious silliness of the whole affair , there 's actually some weird but quality craftsmanship at work .
It 's lowbrow , it knows it , and that makes it a nice , kind of tawdry fun .
It wants desperately to be on the same level as Sam Raimi 's slapstick horror Evil Dead trilogy , but it 's nowhere near as fun or clever .
Recalling the best ... and worst , of Sam Raimi 's ridiculously fun Evil Dead trequel , Army of Darkness while falling into the traps of most mainstream Hollywood hackwork , Hansel and Gretel : Witch Hunters belies its bungled release history .
By any serious measure , `` Hansel & Gretel : Witch Hunters '' is not a good movie . ... Yet I found this jumbled hodgepodge strangely entertaining .
It 's not awful-certainly not as stupid as Abraham Lincoln : Vampire Hunter . But that 's a very low bar to clear .
Hansel and Gretel : Witch Hunters packs one out-of-left-field surprise , but it arrives during the opening credits , and the delicious twists dissipate as the film trudges along .
Playing his film with a constant wink and nod Wirkola spends Hansel & Gretel 's running time balanced on a knife 's edge and juggling flaming chainsaws while doing it . He never falls although he does frequently stumble quite badly .
Even if he 's slumming , Renner gets it best : his dry delivery fully acknowledges the movie 's ridiculousness . If you 're planning on entering this fractured fairy tale , you 'll want to follow his lead .
Tommy Wirkola 's film suggests A Knight 's Tale as penned by Seth MacFarlane .
There are precious few surprises in the plot , which follows H&G as they fight and destroy evil witches while wondering if there might not be a few good , Glinda types lurking about .
While the film rarely provokes any strenuous eye-rolling , it also ca n't drum up even the slightest interest in the fate of its characters , let alone suspense .
Feels like a first film in a franchise that 's meant to set up the main characters and conflicts , which can then be fleshed out in sequels . But those sequels will never happen .
So close to being a parody of stupid action movies I 'm inclined to believe that at some point in its development that 's exactly what it was
Yes there are a couple of sweet treats , but this is one candy coated flick that at best is worth a rental if you desire a few empty calories .
The film is n't funny enough for comedy or scary enough for horror , and the anachronisms are ludicrous .
Lots of anachronisms and tongue-in-cheek dialogue establish the spoofy nature of this violent venture . All that 's missing is a genuine sense of wit .
An exceedingly dull and stillborn attempt to update the Brothers Grimm .
Expends its standout moments by the ten-minute mark and can never quite capture the same palpable danger , atmosphere , and imagination again . What follows is n't bad so much as it is uninspired .
Misses the mark and few who see it will feel like they got the happily ever after they deserved .
Fails to raise much hell , insisting on a flat tone of tedious storytelling when all anyone really wants to see are the titular heroes continuously slaughtering broom-riding she-devils .
Cheeky anachronisms , some rocking fight scenes , and a brief running time so that it 's over before you get tired of it .
A goofy grab bag of computer-manipulated stunts , endless fights , creature effects and supposedly cheeky but definitely lame dialogue , limply directed .
They were shooting for sort of a witch hunting `` Zombieland , '' an f-bomb riddled `` Van Helsing '' packed with comical anachronisms -- it does n't work .


@highlight

Alternately bloody and silly , Hansel and Gretel : Witch Hunters fails as both a fantasy adventure and as a parody of same .