Into the Blue is fun to watch because it 's , well , fun to watch - particularly when its stars dive into the blue in their various skimpy bathing suits -LRB- which they do often -RRB- , but it 's not much of thriller .
The producers were more compelled to flash us than provide a story that was n't contrived or incredibly far-fetched ...
Even as pure eye-candy `` Into The Blue '' is a miserable failure .
Not exactly awful , just flashy and stupid .
the characters seem as shallow as the waters through which they paddle .
An unpretentious film that delivers more than the trailers might suggest .
Any excuse will do to ogle Jessica Alba 's behind ...
Stockwell fails even to define major plot points , leaving us to figure them out later from the dialogue .
A B-grade joy as deep-tanned and sun-kissed as a Club Tropics promo .
A glitzy little B-movie .
... there comes a point at which Into the Blue becomes just overwhelmingly silly ...
There is not one redeeming quality to this movie
Reminsicient of nothing more than several wealthy persons ' salaried vacation trip , Into the Blue is an absolutely merciless chore of a movie .
Not a great movie by any stretch of the imagination , but certainly one that offers enough eye-candy and cheap thrills to entertain ...
-LSB- The film is -RSB- ... so bad that I found myself almost nodding out during long scenes of Alba swimming underwater in a skimpy suit .
A brainless , forgettable thriller that quickly sinks without a trace , despite an attractive cast and gorgeous photography .
If the serious critic in me were n't fighting to be heard there 'd be an extra two stars to give out .
Every time -LSB- Alba -RSB- dives into the ocean , you expect to see her bobbing back up to the surface like an old plank .
Into the Blue is a fine-looking , often boring , eye candy palace to visit . Until the languid turquoise sea churns into a crimson tide , that is .
A rather ludicrous story about sunken treasure and illicit drugs , Into The Blue has as its main attractions the beautiful bodies of Paul Walker and Jessica Alba .
Lumbers in circles before crashing into a surprisingly sadistic finale .
Save it for a six-pack and pizza night with the lads -- when there 's no footy on TV .
More noteworthy for its bathing suits than its plotting .
The stunning aerial and underwater photography ensure that each cliché at least looks good , and as far as disposable popcorn flicks go , you could do a lot worse .
If you want to pay nine bucks for a travelogue of Jessica Alba 's bikinied body , jump right in .
More bikini-modeling session and Bahamian travelogue than thriller .
If you want your beefcake and cheesecake served up against an ocean setting , you 'll get `` Into the Blue , '' a decent thriller with lots of skin , sharks and sun .
No Paul Walker movie should be more than 87 minutes long . It 's just common sense ...
Jessica Alba in a bikini comes pretty close to being enough entertainment for the price of the film .
When the camera panned to look straight up Ashley Scott 's legs , I was morally certain that director John Stockwell had spent his formative years tying mirrors to his shoes .
Any potential guilty pleasure is washed away in a sea of icky sermonizing .
... the inane dialogue suggests each of the actors is suffering from a major case of the bends .
The movie is only sometimes honest about being an exploitation film . The rest of it strives for toothless , middle-of-the-road esteem .
I do n't think there 's anything wrong with an escapist adventure , but if you 're rolling your eyes in disbelief at the plot and the dialogue , it makes it hard to enjoy the scenery .
Into the Blue is just dumb fun in the sun .
Although it works in as a pleasantly mindless thriller , the film never reaches its full potential because it ca n't decide what it is ultimately going to be about .
It 's the kind of pic where the honest undersea treasure hunters are forced to work for a drug dealer .
Water-logged nonsense that 's only fun when it 's underwater .
Out of the murk .
The tension never heightens to the point where you worry about the protagonists ...
Better than it has to be .
The film 's ethos clashes with Jessica Alba 's tan lines and loses the battle .
Has anyone other than Paul Walker and Josh Brolin qualified for a SAG card ? I pity any audience sitting through these people mouthing the script 's bromidic lines .
Into the Blue does the impossible - it makes a film featuring a bikini-clad Jessica Alba as dull as a bag of sand
... -LSB- a -RSB- banal bikini-clad action/adventure ... Into the Blue merely sinks aimlessly into the deep-watered depths of its Caribbean currents .
Ah , the joys of bad cinema ! Every now and then you get a movie so bad that it 's almost al pleasure to watch . This almost qualifies as one of those . Damn !!!
Though marketed as brain-dead youth fodder , it 's even worse than it looks .
Occasionally the action is so pulsing that we forget the actors are only half-clothed .
The two leads have exactly the chemistry you 'd expect from really sexy young people who think that it 's wicked cool to be paid big bucks to tan and make out .
There must be an Aquaman movie in the works , because Paul Walker seems to spend most of ` Into the Blue ' auditioning for it .
Devolves into a series of silly fight and chase scenes in which bad guys are bloodily maimed and dispatched while most of the good guys come out miraculously unscathed
Jessica Alba looks fabulous . But you knew that already .
Let 's just say the scenery is incredible . Oh , and it was shot in the Bahamas , so the locations are pretty sweet too .
It takes Stockwell forever to get these details into place , because he 's primarily concerned with Caribbean and bikini-clad eye candy . But even that loses its novelty in a ridiculous showcase like this .
The makers of Into the Blue know what the audience wants . And they deliver a little bit more .
A brave departure for Jessica Alba , who appears for the first time without her frequent co-star , spandex .
Alba ? We 'd follow her anywhere , especially Into the Blue .
The actors swim well , but emote poorly .
Into the Blue should be thrown overboard -- preferably somewhere in the Bermuda Triangle .
There is nothing about Into the Blue that is going to arouse anything above the waistline , but director Stockwell makes a fair show of it .
Not a thriller so much as an extremely violent swimsuit calendar .
Too long at 110 minutes , the movie gets a lot more complicated with its array of peripheral characters . But it 's never very deep on characterizations .
The cast is little more than the sum total of golden skin , firm flesh and blindingly white teeth , but in a film that demands them to be half-naked and soaking wet most of the time , looks trump technical acting skill every time .
Alas , there is no treasure , buried or otherwise , but only fool 's gold in the silly script .
Somewhat silly but reasonably entertaining .
Whom do you root for when everyone is sleazy ?
Buff bods . Fantastic fish . Silly thriller twists , trolled along at a leisurely but increasingly suspenseful pace . Some funny lines and a shark attack or two . Did we mention there are buff bods ?
Our two couples argue , they go to discos , they say ` Bro ! ' some more . Amanda declares more things ` Hot ! ' They dive . They run out of air .
The only good acting is done by the sharks .
An enjoyable , gorgeously photographed aquatic adventure whose stars are blissfully bodacious .
Some movies are train wrecks . This one is chum .
They manage to throw in every possible underwater peril -LRB- except for giant squid -RRB- - it gets to the point of being ludicrous , then keeps on going .
It does n't take long to realize that the only thing this movie 's diving for is dollars -- yours .
Manages to create a winning Caribbean vibe that stretches into a fun popcorn flick .
At least this impromptu beach ` fashion show ' is more watchable than the rest of the movie , which eventually turns into an improbable adventure-thriller filled with groan-inducing dialogue and equally groan-inducing performances .
Writer Matt Johnson lays on more villains and more chases and more twists , but instead of giving the film more depth , it just turns it increasingly sillier and sillier until it drowns in its own contrivances .
Never makes it to so bad it 's good , stalling instead at so-bad it 's bad .
This one tells a hoary tale of Caribbean salvage operators dedicated to hunting sunken treasure on the ocean floor . But the true salvager is the guy behind the camera . John Stockwell has already flashed his talent for rescuing B-material .
In its favor , the treasure-hunt adventure has some modestly good underwater scenes , complete with interesting fish . Still , a trip to the aquarium would probably be livelier .
This is about as standard a collection of thriller clichés as has ever been committed to film . Still , the settings are amazing -LRB- above and below the ocean -RRB- , while Paul Walker and Jessica Alba look better in bathing suits than ought to be allowed .
The most improbable of movies , a comic thriller set in the Bahamas in which Walker and Alba bare enough flesh to seduce us into thinking they 've bared pieces of their souls .
When a movie features Alba in a bikini for a good chunk of its running time and still ca n't hold a guy 's interest , you know it has serious problems .
The contrived plot somehow combines true love , drug smuggling , pirate treasure , and sharks into a paint-by-numbers exercise .
Alba is bad , but her co-stars are worse . Stockwell ca n't get a decent performance out of any of them . Even the sharks seem to be hamming it up .
Horny teen boys will totally dig it , everyone else will quickly realize this is simply fool 's gold .
When under water , the action-adventure Into the Blue has genuine thrills . Above water or on dry land , this is one dead fish .
Like real-life treasure hunting , there are far worse pursuits than Into the Blue .
This new movie 's got hot bods to spare ; it 's just too bad they belong to some of the most annoying characters I 've seen in the movies all year .
Sometimes when a movie gets boring , I start to wish that a shark would eat someone , just for some diversion . This marks the first time that wish has ever come true .
Scuba-diving thriller with drugs , treasure and bikini-clad flesh is n't especially deep or gripping , even with eye candy aplenty .
A film so boring , overextended and endlessly moronic that my high school called to downgrade my GPA for having sat through it .
Laughable in a lumbering and boring way .
We should just throw pretense to the wind and call this one Jessica Alba In A Bikini . They 're certainly not paying for her acting skills .
Into the Blue is such a smorgasbord of action , clichés , and bad acting , that it will make your head spin in ways John Stockwell was n't counting on .
Watch as millions of dollars are hurled at us in the form of bad special effects and an impenetrable labyrinth of a story that I can not imagine a single soul caring about .
... lurking underneath the sleek and fashionable veneer is a not half-bad little morality play .
It is an extraordinary cinematic achievement to take a story combining pirate treasure , drug runners , killer sharks , an airplane crash , car chases and Jessica Alba in a bikini , and turn it into an exercise in tedium .
Ultimately , Into the Blue is n't nearly as bad as it looks .
A soggy adventure best suited to DVD-rental desperation .
It 's pretty to look at , but so low-voltage and instantly forgettable that it 's hardly worth anyone 's time .
The film poses ethical dilemmas , but leaves the viewer annoyed when characters continually make foolish decisions .
Into the Blue may look good cavorting prettily on deck , but ultimately it deserves to walk the plank .
a water-logged melodrama ... If the treasure hunt fails , will anyone care , as long as Walker and Alba sport sexy swimwear ?
Below water , these cretins have to keep their yaps shut , and you can concentrate on the film 's true features : Some beautiful photography and the real treasure -- Alba 's booty .
I guess if you 're super attractive , you do n't need things like oxygen .
It 's eye candy with snorkels and fins .
Offers the most lush , picturesque underwater photography in recent cinematic memory . For a while , that 's actually enough , until its aimless wandering gets the best of it .
Look , scuba diving is pretty slow , so the fact that they made a fast paced , exciting movie out of it is good .
My theory is that Jared is Aquaman , and he 's probing the ocean with his mental powers , looking for intelligent life . Which is why he never finds the screenwriter down there .
Like plastic , extruded action figures involved in a sadistic child 's bathtub-masturbation fantasies .
Mad props to Peter Zuccarini , who headed the team of ocean-bound photographers and captured some remarkably vivid footage , and also to the actors , who spend plenty of time looking cool , calm and collected swimming with the predatory fishes .
A bikini-clad morality tale , one so simplistic and preposterous that even the sharks know they should munch only on the villains .
Some narrative economy could have shaved 20 minutes off the film 's slackly paced two hours and brought us sooner to its memorably frenetic underwater climax -- a payoff that 's finally too little , too late to save the movie .
It 's almost campy enough to be worthy . Except it 's not .
The movie is written , acted and directed as a story , not as an exercise in mindless kinetic energy .
Primarily , Into the Blue displays plenty of priceless booty -LRB- and the treasure is impressive , too ... -RRB- .
Beneath the flashy surface it does n't have a shred of intelligence , and it sinks in a sea of lame writing and laughable performances .
Without the delicious Alba 's bootylicious presence , the shallow Into the Blue would sink like a stone .
a visit to your local aquarium would make for a more interesting storyline , though the abs would probably not be as compelling
Walker is supposed to be lured by the buried treasure , but the actor , wearing Brad Pitt 's bristle cut , is like Pitt with his sexy appetite sucked out .
Undeniably exciting and much better than a movie with this many young , buff bodies should be .
There are n't nearly enough preposterous thrillers that involve gorgeous young stars wearing very little clothing .





@highlight

Even the endless shots of bronzed beach babes and buffed dudes ca n't keep this soggy scuba flick 's plot from drowning .