The story was okay , but I think there was an underlying mammy factor that rubbed me the wrong way .
All the pieces are there for a good movie but there 's an undeniable sense of reluctance to put them into play . Every time it seems like the film might be taking a chance it retreats to safe ground .
A sweet , sentimental story with a sting in the tail .
Can I tell you a secret ? This movie is * really * good . Grab Nana and go see it !
Bees is almost too sweet , but with enduring enough performances to make a solid movie .
-LRB- ... -RRB- Hay un mérito atendible en la directora y es evitar caer en la sensiblería barata que el asunto arriesgaba .
The story is a gentle depiction of harsh times that works best as a coming-of-age parable , not so well as a historical drama .
Once again , Dakota Fanning demonstrates that , even as a teenager , she already has the acting skills and range equal to -- if not better than -- her A-list contemporaries .
Glossy yet ultimately shallow , this platitudinous , unconvincing drama makes The Colour Purple look like Mississippi Burning .
On most levels the film , which has a surprising number of unconvincing details , takes the sugary option ; it shies away from the harsher realities whenever possible .
A dense story about a little girl and the impact her mother 's death has on her makes terrific cinema in this beautifully realised film
The film has a dream-like quality above its punchy emotional core
The Secret Life of Bees features another buzz-worthy turn by Dakota Fanning .
The source material remains affecting and the cast work hard to add dimension to a lacklustre screenplay . But sadly , it adds up to less than the sum of its parts .
There 's a purity , clarity and honesty to this feminist heart-warmer 's melodramatic instincts that make it surprisingly moving and satisfying .
Fanning and Latifah form the proficient core of this reliable if humdrum American period drama .
Tragedies strike and life lessons are learnt , homespun wisdom is dispensed . It 's simplistic to the point of total idiocy .
This fairytale of the civil rights era is all honey and no sting .
It 's generous-minded , and though it labours awkwardly to move you , that does n't mean you wo n't be moved .
From the producer of X-Men ... comes the dullest , gooiest chick-flick of the year .
It 'll be way too cloying for most - but the , ahem , bee 's knees for sugar fiends . Probably best enjoyed with a glass of Chardonnay and your cynicism on hold .
The whole thing is coated in a golden hue , as though the lens has been dunked in syrup . Males - or females with a horror of smug , sugary sentiment - should run a mile .
Idyllic tale despite the back story of racial tension and family abuse . Fanning holds her own in a great cast with Okonedo and Paul Bettany as an unbalanced father in fine form .
The issue of racial integration is ever-present and it certainly serves as a reminder of how far America has come to vote for a black President .
A god-awful chick flick about black women bonding in a sugary , never-never South . It should be renamed How to Make an American Wilt -LRB- and any other viewer -RRB- .
This ghastly ode to female companionship apparently derives from a bestselling novel , but it feels more like something stitched together from other sorority movies .
With its message of tolerance , this soft-focus drama is an efficient genre piece , but the constant stream of truisms may eventually grate . Only those with sky - high oestrogen levels need apply .
The casting is fine , but the film 's strange and potentially heartening story desperately needs a bolder touch .
Engaging , well made and impressively acted , this is essentially a coming of age chick flick with a slightly rougher edge than usual .
While this film is every bit as warm and emotional as it looks , ... the cast make sure things do n't get too sugary .
Based on the novel by Sue Monk Kidd , the tale will poach your heart this cold winter .
Prince-Bythewood largely stays away from grandiloquent gestures designed to manipulate audience emotions , relying instead on sound storytelling and a set of accomplished performers to punch across the story 's humanist appeal .
Irreverence and cynicism may be the dominant themes of the day , but surely there 's a place for a film with the timeless virtues of The Secret Life of Bees .
The Secret Life of Bees should have billed itself as a fairy tale , as that 's the only possible way to swallow what Prince-Bythewood and Kidd are feeding us .
maudlin pap
A patently false but supremely satisfying Sisterhood Picture .
Fanning continues to be an amazing actress even as she ages .
May 's wailing wall appears repeatedly in Gina Prince-Blythewood 's The Secret Life of Bees , each time an invitation to reflect , to remember what was and hope for what might be .
The melodrama , and Mark Isham 's score , are as thick and as sticky as August 's honey , but not nearly as sweet .
Well , you 'd have to expect a movie with the name ` The Secret Life of Bees ' to be overly sweet , would n't you ?
The filmmakers give Latifah and Fanning room to create characters that breathe in the sweet smell of clover and breathe out the contented sigh of independence .
All in all , Bees gets more right than wrong , making it worth a look .
A perfectly cast movie that is better than the book on which it was based
... should generate good box office from its femme demo . There is little to appeal to the guys out there , even as a date movie .
This does have strong work from Fanning and Hudson , but it 's just a TV movie with spruced up production values for the big screen .
Sweat and good intentions , however , will take you only so far . And they take Bees right up to the threshold of entertaining % u2014but not one step further .
The honey runs thick in The Secret Life of Bees , and so does the treacle .
Not great by any stretch of the imagination , but Secret Life of Bees is better than most family fare currently available to audiences . Latifah and Hudson , in particular , and memorable .
The movie just lies there on the screen , drowning in its own sticky syrup .
A well-acted , optimistic tale of female empowerment set against the backdrop the Civil Rights Movement .
Buzz should be strong for ` Bees ' . A heartfelt and moving adaptation of the beloved novel .
The by-the-numbers story structure of The Secret Life of Bees is its primary drawback from being something special .
Every year , a movie is released that is so torturous for me to sit through that it almost violates the terms of the Geneva Convention .
Maybe some secrets should remain untold .
If the historical backdrop which the film is set in is well-portrayed , it is the shaggy-dog plotting that is the problem .
Despite a cliched script and bland direction by writer-director Gina Prince-Bythewood , The Secret Life of Bees celebrates women and girls , and for that reason should not be written off as just another chick flick .
It 's hard to roll your eyes when they 're full of tears .
It will be embraced by those moviegoers who find solace in its redemptive themes
What makes up for those missteps is the fact that the story is n't just Lily 's ; Prince-Bythewood gives the Boatwrights a point of view on her presence , and it 's interestingly complicated .
The film is full of sweet , subtle touches .
Through it all , Fanning more than keeps up with the big girls .
Those who were moved by the book are likely to find this adaptation affecting and emotionally satisfying .
Quite a bit of honey is applied to make the awful truths palatable , but The Secret Life of Bees curtails the sappiness with performances -- especially Fanning 's -- that are grounded in reality .
There 's plenty wrong with The Secret Life of Bees , but the durnblasted thing got to me anyway .
Okonedo is at times heartbreakingly good as May , who carries a deep well of pain inside her ; Keys is nicely fiery as June , who takes time to warm up to the visitors .
Prince-Bythewood makes you care about the characters and hope they live happily ever after .
What makes ` The Secret Life of Bees ' an entertaining and poignant film is the chemistry between the cast that translates on screen .
There are lots of honey-as-romantic metaphor scenes , creating the feeling of an after-school special . But the theme that ultimately shines through is Lily 's desire to find unconditional love .
This tale of compassion and love crossing the racial divide of the civil rights-era South remains powerful even when not fully plausible .
The director shades everything with a sensitive yet firm glow hinting at the mystical but never pushes these feelings to a point where they could potentially annoy .
The Secret Life of Bees is like something Mark Twain might have come up with if he wanted to get on Oprah .
Ultimately , if you think about it too hard , Bees is a movie in which a bunch of powerful African American women get their lives upended and in some cases destroyed so a little white girl can feel better about herself .
It 's unabashedly soft and sentimental , in its soft-pedaled tragedies as well as its uplift .
Price-Bythewood has encouraged fairly broad performances from these formidable actresses for characters who are n't terribly well developed in her script .
As for Fanning , she continues to prove herself a natural who can handle anything thrown her way . It 's worth wondering , though , if she should have to .
A wonderful film about family , independence and the transcendent power of love , The Secret Life of Bees brims with honest emotion without spilling over into cheap sentimentality .
Although the lessons seem slight and sometimes even elementary , this does not make them any less heartfelt or sincere .
This is woefully familiar material , and Prince-Bythewood overdirects the film , draining it of the messiness of real life in favor of a syrupy sweetness that threatens to drown you .
What 's being sold here is the movie equivalent of the honey-drenched sweet potato biscuits that are forever being passed around on-screen . Their nutritional value may be nil , but they sure look comforting .
It comes across more as a connect-the-dots Southern literary concept than as a tale of real , damaged people bonding on a persuasively deep level .
You could laugh it off except these actresses sell like there 's no tomorrow .
It 's pleasant to look at . It 's nice to see Latifah in a role that 's closer to being worthy of her talent , and ditto Fanning , who moves gracefully from kiddie roles into dramatic lead . Both women put in very strong performances .
The Secret Life of Bees is a deeply felt , well-intentioned film about race and reverence in the summer of ' 64 . Like the ambrosia at the center of the plot , it moves slowly and tastes sweet .
None of this , as you might guess , is shot through a glass darkly .
An affecting ensemble piece , gently paced and gracefully told .
There 's a quiet charm to The Secret Life of Bees , a family movie that dares to tackle some serious subjects along the way . It 's feel-good most of the time , feel-bad some of the time , and well made throughout .
With meaty themes and compelling characters , Bees is a rich , emotional exploration of the redeeming power of love and the transforming comfort of home .
Everybody deserves better than The Secret Life of Bees . That includes the filmmakers , the cast , the crew , the audience ... you name it .
The Secret Life of Bees maintains a smartly calibrated balance between the personal and the historic , between nature and culture .
The Secret Life of Bees insists so strenuously on its themes of redemption , tolerance , love and healing that it winds up defeating itself .
Jennifer Hudson adds some grit to a project that might have worked better as a Hallmark TV special .
Prince-Bythewood demonstrates a lovely gift for capturing the unsaid .
Love and family may not be able to overcome everything , but you could n't prove that by The Secret Life of Bees , a refreshingly clear-headed film version of Sue Monk Kidd 's best-selling novel .
The Secret Life of Bees generally works like a drone but sometimes provides glimpses of the queens at the center .
When they are laughing and cooking , you are thinking , ` Racism will pop up any second now , ' or ` T-Ray is going to show up ' ; it 's an uncomfortable feeling .
If you want to take your teen daughters to a movie and then talk -- really talk -- about it afterward , about race , the past , pain , sorrow , redemption and hope , The Secret Life of Bees has a lot more to offer than you might think .
... an accessible , handsomely mounted movie of one of those professionally Southern middlebrow novels riddled with platitudes and homey truisms that make the rounds of ladies ' book clubs
For every heart that 's warmed by this celluloid celebration of the maternal spirit , another will find it condescending regarding race and/or gender .
Lovingly made , the film is beautifully performed , especially by Queen Latifah and Alicia Keys .
The Secret Life of Bees is an unbelievable story that will definitely get you teary eyed and is proof again that Dakota Fanning is one of the best young actresses around .
A movie that knows exactly what it wants to be and mines that territory until you start to cry , whether you want to or not
Mostly , this is Hollywood excess the way I like to see it : skillfully done , and with a beating heart .
Did you know that beehives can be symbolic of other things , forming the basis of plainly spoken platitudes and folk wisdom ? It 's true !
Slow and earnest , with dreamy , sleep-inducing music , it proves to be a remarkably inconsequential film even if it does possess a few dramatic moments .
The film lurches from terrible tragedy to happy montage and back again , never attempting to rise above a typical weepie .
-LSB- A -RSB- deeply moving film about learning to understand where we come from and where we 're going ...
... a pleasant , unexpectedly enthralling endeavor that manages that rare feat of actually improving upon its source material ...
... plays like heartwarming popular fiction dipped in honey .
Latifah is , as always , pure pleasure to watch .
Oprah Book Club : The Movie .
Respectable but bland , the movie 's gentle sentimentality could easily be forgiven if only its characters were granted a little more depth .
As a realistic portrayal of life in rural South Carolina in 1964 , The Secret Life of Bees is dreaming . As a parable of hope and love , it is enchanting .
It 's hard to imagine that The Secret Life of Bees wo n't be part of many Oscar conversations . It has the intelligence , craftsmanship , and heart to win over both critics and regular movie-goers .
Is the sweetness worth the stickiness in this maudlin American Sisterhood of the Traveling Green Tomatoes ?
Nothing wrong with a weeper , as long as it earns its tears honestly . Bees does for the most part , largely through performances that rise above the sometimes too-pat material to convey -- and elicit -- real emotion .
... it 's almost impossible not to like it , in a pat-on-the-head , half-patronizing kind of way .
Chugs along pleasantly like a television special tailored for the crossover female market . Which is basically what it is , though it drops tantalizing hints that it has more on its mind than a benign tale of substitute mothering across the color line .
A fable of black and female liberation in the sixties south so drenched in sugar that watching it may make your teeth hurt .
The movie slogs like honey dripping off a butter knife . It does n't help that Prince-Bythewood slams the audience with heavy-handed symbolism .
1960s-set family drama tackles weighty issues .
Show me the nuance and scratch the false sincerity .
Prince-Bythewood , who directed the 1999 romance Love and Basketball , may have intended a showcase for strong black screen actresses , but she neglected to hire more than one .
Is n't it time that Hollywood took a sabbatical -- maybe a permanent one -- from movies in which black characters exist primarily to save the souls of white ones ?
Adapting Sue Monk Kidd 's soft feminist 2002 best-seller , director Gina Prince-Bythewood generously showcases her ensemble cast 's talents .
At its best , Secret Life of Bees feels like an American spin on the wonderful Dutch Oscar-winner Antonia 's Line , about a utopian matriarchal society that stands apart from a world in chaos .
Even without reading the book , one can easily deduce how this adaptation will explore every single manipulative trick in the book to tug at the heartstrings of women whose emotions are easily manipulated .
The Secret Life of Bees is further evidence that there should be a moratorium on secret-life-of-anything movies .
A remarkably heart-affecting screen version of the deeply spiritual novel by Sue Monk Kidd about the healing and transforming power of love .
There 's a whole lotta healing in The Secret Life of Bees . Big Racial Issues too . And down-home heartwarming platitudes set to acoustic guitar ballads by female singers .
Lacking the edge and lyricism of the popular source material , this coming of age saga is too earnest and solemn , and the best element of it may be its casting , offering solid roles to several women of color .
A life-affirming , inspirational story about family , hope and love that tugs at your heartstrings .
Unusual warmth and intelligence makes Bees a cut above the usual sappiness and schmaltz .
Honey-sweet but not cloying account of a 14-year-old 's search for love and redemption in 1960s South Carolina .
It 's like some mythical civil-rights Southern paradise where racism only rarely rears its ugly head , and thus feels contrived .
An affecting ensemble piece that 's destined to generate a fair share of awards-season buzz .
Like a mouthful of honey , The Secret Life of Bees is cloyingly sweet and gooey , and you 're not quite sure you can swallow it undiluted .



@highlight

The Secret Life of Bees has moments of charm , but is largely too maudlin and sticky-sweet .