Operating with an impeccable sense of restraint , Moretti has created a work of great sincerity and unshowy insight .
John Turturro , over the top .
Moretti 's touch is so sure that the movie often seems to be less than it is , but by the time it 's over you might be surprised to find how much it has affected you .
Mia Madre may not cut fine facets on the gemstone of the theme , but still , it carries itself with integrity .
Unfortunately , the film never hits the emotional highs or lows it 's aiming for , and the comedy is too sedate to be enough to carry the film : it 's more likely to induce silent chuckles than laughs .
With the exception of Turturro 's scenes , Moretti 's movie is disappointingly bland overall .
Writer-director Nanni Moretti packs as much humanity as he can into every scene , but at 108 minutes , piling so many crises into such a long and slow-paced film is a lot to ask of an audience .
Buy gives a moving performance , but she 's a victim of a director trying to go in too many directions at once .
I wish the ending had been more graceful and less cliched . But it is progressively more affecting as it goes along . And for Turturro fans -LRB- I 'm one of them -RRB- , it 's a must .
Moretti and his actors establish a kind of instant empathy that makes the story all the more affecting .
In its quiet , subdued way ` Mia Madre ' touches an emotional chord , enhanced by Buy 's subtle , multifaceted performance .
The general air of quiet intelligence throws the occasional outbursts of loud emotion into affecting relief , and John Turturro shines as the sort of unintentionally difficult star he does n't seem like he 'd be in real life .
It 's a pleasure to see a movie about people in their 50s , assessing their lives as they deal with the long farewell of a parent .
Ma Madre is effective in dramatizing the familiar paces adult children go through tending to their parents : the hospital indignities , confused consults with doctors , and helplessness at encroaching dementia .
-LSB- Co-writer/director Nanni Moretti -RSB- approaches his fictional colleague with an abundance of sympathy and a bit of pity .
Moretti knows how to orchestrate a good laugh when it 's needed , but he can plumb more soulful , sorrowful depths , too .
Fortunately the movie-production scenes deliver plenty of laughs , courtesy of John Turturro .
The biggest reason to see the Italian dramedy `` Mia Madre '' can be summed up in two words : John Turturro .
This is a movie that does n't quite come together , on both thematic and tonal levels , even though most individual scenes are competently acted and engaging .
It 's difficult for an expressionistic Italian film about a director experiencing an existential crisis to not evoke 8 1/2 to some extent , but Nanni Moretti 's Mia Madre is its own lovely meditation on art and life .
It 's an exceptional movie , which is n't a rare achievement for the helmer , but this material is clearly pulled from deep within , making it his finest effort to date .
A full-to-heartbursting film , with extremes of joy and sorrow in a small , assured yet teeming narrative .
A story that , for all its well-crafted and sharply observed drama and its flamboyant comedy , is something more than a work of personal cinema-it 's a virtual manifesto for it ...
... overcomes some melodramatic contrivances with a careful balance of humor and pathos .
This self-congratulatory , unconvincing contemplation of maternal death , life 's messiness and Cinema with a capital C is itself a pretentious mess .
For a drama about death , it 's also incredibly funny-not just wry funny , but also body humor funny-making for an interesting mix . Moretti is able to pull it off masterfully , and with heart .
Italian drama Mia Madre is an either/or film , a humorous and poignant character study that frequently becomes an ensemble piece .
Love , death , cinema - they 're all there in `` Mia Madre , '' bumping up against one another beautifully .
An emotionally satisfying fusion of the mixed up and the magical .
Mia Madre is most poignant when it finds a tone much like Moretti 's 2001 La Stanza del Figlio -LRB- The Son 's Room -RRB- . Both movies are gently bewildered meanders through denial , regret , and the beginnings of acceptance .
A dramedy about a female Italian film director dealing with multiple stresses in her life .
Tinged with the kind of honest sadness and comic frustrations that suggest a daily journal come to life .
The saturation of Arvo Pärt instant-melancholia on the soundtrack feels a bit too pushy , but otherwise this is a confidently controlled , accessible yet piercing look at the insidiousness of grief .
As considerable as her gifts may be , Buy is ultimately unable to hold `` Mia Madre '' together .
The most personal parts of Mia Madre are also the most thinly conceived .
Barry 's preening self-regard and its counterpart , abject self-loathing , come across as rooted in vulnerability , inadequacy , alienation . You feel bad for this lonely guy , even as you laugh at him .
Everything in `` Mia Madre '' - happenings , memories , and idle fancies-feels deftly interleaved .
These structural quirks do n't ruin the film 's mood of reserved elegy .
It 's all part of the fluid state of affairs Moretti is grasping at in this charmingly human film . He does n't necessarily have answers ; he simply wants to examine the messy , everyday contradictions of the cycle of life .
Margherita is a perfect heroine : prickly , miserable , totally unglamorous and terribly tired . She 's a real human being in pain , perhaps the only one here among a horde of credible and competent actors .
-LSB- The -RSB- division between what 's on the screen and what inspired it - a process both sadly truthful and wryly amusing - is at the centre of this intriguing autobiographical feature from veteran Italian filmmaker Nanni Moretti .
Margherita Buy 's performance takes it to a high plane of emotionalism .
Aesthetically simple but crafted with a sober and firm hand that has become trademark of the director and his team . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Losing a mother can affect the psyche in a particularly primal way ... Nanni Moretti 's autobiographically inspired Mia Madre captures this dislocation in an intriguing -- though sometimes frustrating -- way .
The film is a warm depiction of familial bonds and the strength of relationships across generations .
Nanni Moretti returns with ... one of the most quietly personal films of his distinguished career . ... By the end , you wo n't know whether your tears are those of laughter or of sorrow .
I find nothing special in this story of siblings about to lose their mother , nothing that shows an observation unfamiliar to us in general . That makes it seem self indulgent , and I do n't mean to be harsh
There is a wave of sadness that engulfs Nanni Moretti 's film and some moments resonate , although his Palme d'Or winner The Son 's Room in 2001 was far more affecting
It 's this primal bond between mother and daughter that is the heart of the film , one that Moretti explores with sympathy and restraint -- though in the end the focus is a little too diffuse .
Mia Madre is a beautiful film in its deep grasp of human nature and its compassionate take on all its characters , without ever passing judgement . It is a work of maturity that any person will relate to at one point in their own life .
While the film is warm and sometimes poignantly human , one could never mistake it for , say , Haneke 's Amour or Truffaut 's Day for Night . Instead , this rather motley film is often stranded between tones and competing narrative threads .
The film certainly toys with Moretti looking inwards at his own cranky , sanctimonious public persona , but ultimately ends up just a little too passive .
The universal truth it imparts is n't universally relatable as with `` The Son 's Room . ''
Moretti achieves a sensitive and respectful film . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
A gracious and deep film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Moretti is able to get a tear or a smile out of us in this very commendable film . -LSB- Film Review in Spanish -RSB-
The film explores the rough moments before someone 's death with honesty and moving results . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A heartfelt film about the innevitable things in life and the loss of those we love . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A diverting exposé of the frippery of film folk alternates with a moving look at grief in all its everyday profundity ; scenes of comedy shift to reveal a tragic undertow -- these are hard things to pull off but Mia Madre does them with quiet authority .
A film that moves swiftly between comedy and melodrama , all through a deep and serene reflection about death and family . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film about patience and sombertude that shows us behind and in front of the camera the grief of loosing either a loved one , like a mother , or your career . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Mia Madre feels cold , indifferent and at times condescending toward its protagonist .
Talvez o filme mais ambicioso da carreira Nanni Moretti .
A sublimely modulated blend of laughter and tears , a film that cuts to the very heart of profound personal loss without ever losing sight of the fact that life , in all its chaotic comedy , carries on regardless .
The film is a carefully measured and satisfying , albeit occasionally deaf-tone , suite of fleeting , dispersed impressions .
Honest and real , if not quite on point .
For all his often disenchanted outlook , Moretti 's films almost always end on a positive note -LRB- however hard won -RRB- . Mia madre is no exception .
-LSB- An -RSB- insightful , often comic movie .
It 's hard not to at the very least admire Nanni Moretti 's self-imposed remit as a filmmaker who locates humour and levity in life 's dimmest corners .
Turturro deserves four stars - but the rest of Moretti 's saggy melodrama is scarcely half as good .
Mia Madre is a triumph of tonal complexity . It 's a funny tragedy , a serious comedy , a film about death that has its wake and eats it .
Among the excellent principals , top-billed Turturro enlivens things wonderfully , but the real star , Buy , is magnificent .
-LSB- An -RSB- absorbing , affecting take on the many burdens of being human .
Moretti seems too close to his subject to provide either meaningful introspection or a well-rounded narrative .
The most entertaining work of Moretti 's storied career , My Mother moves effortlessly from a busy film set to serious family scenes , but his directorial skill makes the mood changes feel natural and unforced .
To say that the drama is understated is not , however , to say that the film is not dramatically satisfying . On the contrary , Moretti keeps things moving along nicely .
A lyrically textured group portrait of family loss and creatively confounded existential confusion . But emotionally insular political alienation upstaging pressing plot points tossed by the wayside , of an Italian working class in socio-economic crisis .
Formally , `` Mia Madre '' is not the director 's finest hour , but actually , it 's a different beast entirely from his earlier work , and a moving , sensitive one at that .
A tremendously smart and enjoyable movie .
A film that is greater than the sum of its parts .
Good , strong , understated filmmaking is enlivened by Moretti 's characteristic wry blend of drama and humor .
Moretti 's exploration of loss is unquestionably affecting , and `` My Mother '' has powerful moments ...

@highlight

Mia Madre explores thought-provoking themes with director/co-writer Nanni Moretti 's reliably skillful blend of comedy and pathos .