John Grant is absolutely note-perfect as the stiff-upper-lipped Englishman stranded in an environment that he could n't be any further removed from .
Wake In Fright gets beneath Australia 's skin and stares into a dark heart that was hidden beneath the ochre dust and boozy bonhomie . One of the greatest Aussie films of all time .
Wake in Fright deserves to occupy a place next to Lord of the Flies and Heart of Darkness , all of them stories that force us to observe the veil , so thin , that separates civilization from barbarism . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
So , it 's a good film and an important one , but it 's no walk in the park despite a fair number of funny lines
`` Wake In Fright '' is a masterpiece of energized social satire .
This movie gets under your skin .
Wake in Fright is an absolute must-see for fans of cult , off-kilter cinema .
Blends staged re-enactments with documentary footage of senseless slaughter to extremely distressing effect .
Brilliantly directed by Kotcheff , the film has the disorienting and menacing quality of Joseph Losey films such as Accident and The Servant .
It presents a world in which refusing a pint has violent consequences , high spirits quickly curdle , and an unspoken homoerotic undertow gets ever more disturbing .
Forms a neatly symmetrical , perfectly Kafkaesque narrative . This way madness lies ...
derives its brand of feral menace not from monsters , masked killers , or any of the other avatars of conventional horror , but rather from a sober-eyed perspective on a society reeling under the malign influence of its own basest impulses .
There is queasy undercurrent of sentimental kindness and indulgence beneath the violence .
Perhaps slightly schematic in charting the descent of man , but it induces a sweat that 's hard to wash off .
The kindness of strangers has never seemed more terrifying than in this dusty , sun-bleached masterpiece , now stunningly restored .
Throughout we feel like we are watching a real world , with the extensive use of real locations and real outback dwellers , where none of the professional actors breaks the spell .
Shocking , credible and hard to forget .
Few films were ever so bright and so dark at once .
If you have any interest whatsoever in discovering the true classics of Australian cinema , there are far worse places you could start than with Wake in Fright .
Like the majestic camera movement with which it opens , Wake In Fright is a film that travels in slow , inexorable circles , presenting its paranoid nightmare of entrapment as Kafka down under .
The movie is a combination of existential horror story -LRB- a man winds up in a small-town hell and ca n't leave -RRB- and an examination of male violence and the ease with which men can fall into it .
This tale of sun-baked savagery has lost little of its audacity or ferocity while it languished unseen .
The raw , sweaty 1971 film is not a pretty portrayal of life in the outback , where men are crude , hard-drinking mates with no ambition beyond rough-house fun ...
Brutal , but in a deceptively causal manner , Wake in Fright submits one the sharpest depictions of Outback life I 've come into contact with , imagining the vast land as a sun-baked prison from which there is no escape .
A movie that shows us plenty of unsettling stuff but also knows that what viewers imagine is much more disturbing than what any movie can show .
Wake in Fright is essential viewing for anyone interested in the roots of male violence .
Many reissues claim the mantle of lost masterpiece , but Wake in Fright is the genuine article .
Animal lovers , beware .
A Conradian parable of a man succumbing to the wild , the film is remarkable for its raw , pointed dithe suggests , and you 'll find the beast concealed behind the mask of propriety .
It is powerful , genuinely shocking and rather amazing .
This outrageously overlooked masterpiece is a wake-up call to film scholars who will now have to rethink what came first this film or Peckinpah 's ` Straw Dogs , '' which basically charts the same territory ?
Several decades later , it still chills .
A neglected gem .
`` Wake in Fright '' is true horror .
`` Wake in Fright '' works both as an early instance of `` Ozploitation '' cinema and as a harsh critique of Australian colonialism and the absurdity of trying to bring so-called civilization to this vast arid wilderness .
Kotcheff , working from a novel adapted by Modesty Blaise screenwriter Evan Jones , ratchets up the sick humor and ghastly ribaldry to nail-biting heights .
`` Wake in Fright '' is a monster movie , and the monster is us .
Orchestrates landscape , music , demonic faces , and lots of blood , sweat , and vomit into a stark bacchanalia of men having fun .
In some ways `` Wake in Fright '' is like an Australian `` Deliverance , '' except this is one man 's journey and he participates in the debauchery and savagery .
Australian tale of a holiday gone wrong has a potent , distinctive creepiness .
A legendary and controversial Aussie classic , although it 's long been available only in poor-quality video releases .
Unlike many `` lost '' treasures , Wake in Fright lives up to its nightmarish reputation .
Wake in Fright is the closest a movie can get to a primal scream .
Kotcheff 's beware-the-backwoods thriller takes an unholy pleasure in watching Bond , an actor who always looks as if he 's just bitten into a maggot-filled peach , devolve from full frontal dude-ity into a beast .
A road movie using undeveloped land as a blank screen on which to project a dark deconstruction of masculinity and manifest destiny .
The film 's vision of masculine self-sufficiency is built around -- and on , via Australia 's own bloody colonial history -- an elemental violence .
It 's the sort of movie they do n't make any more , and ONLY made in the '70s .
Wake in Fright remains powerful both as a portrait of a particular place at a particular time and as a potent assertion of the country 's mindset .
Shot with a feverish feeling for heat and madness that 's worthy of Borges .
A riveting film with exceptional relevance today in its cultural veracity and its observation of not just outback Australian society -LRB- if you can call it that -RRB- , but in human nature .
What a treat to see this remastered 1971 Australian classic that depicts a particular part of the Aussie culture so beautifully .

@highlight

A disquieting classic of Australian cinema , Wake in Fright surveys a landscape both sun-drenched and ruthlessly dark .