It is n't so much the battle of the one-man-bands that is so compelling , as the journey itself , as sublime as it is ridiculous .
Put aside all of your preconceptions of air guitar as a hobby of shamelessly untalented wanna-be guitar players , and step into the world of competitive air guitar .
When a documentary is as entertaining as Air Guitar Nation , you have to ask if you really need it to have redeeming social value or to advance the art form in any way .
This raucously entertaining documentary about one of the silliest competitions on the planet actually has a serious message about the power of `` airness '' to change the world . Well , maybe .
There must be better , more useful ways of amusing themselves but obviously none which would allow them to strut the stage to the plaudits of a baying crowd like latter-day rock stars .
Very funny .
Like most guitar solos , the film does n't quite know when to quit .
Originality 0.9 , Presentation 2.3 and Silliness 5.2 .
Despite the film 's admirable brevity it 's still hard to maintain a wry ironic grin for a full 81 minutes .
While quite possibly the stupidest thing you 've ever seen in your life , this documentary exploring the world of air guitar enthusiasts is a riot from start to finish .
A gloriously insane journey into the weirder reaches of rock , Air Guitar Nation is a funny , funky and oddly moving burst of lively factual entertainment .
Shot in a raw , grungy style that lends the film a degree of authenticity , AGN is a riff-roaring experience that rarely hits a bum note .
you will be entertained even if , in rock 'n' roll terms , it 's less satanic metal than cutesy chart pop .
A nuts-and-bolts document of the annual Air Guitar World Championships which take place in the rural outpost of Oulu in Finland .
A delightfully surreal look at a bizarre performance art .
Hugely entertaining , frequently hilarious documentary with colourful , warm-hearted characters and an infectious energy that 'll send you bouncing out of the cinema with a goofy grin on your face .
A genuinely funny and absorbing documentary .
When a documentary compels you to care about something that you did n't think you had any interest in , well ... that rocks !
Air Guitar Nation is a very well-made film and it tells its story at a quick , even pace , but you really need to suspend your disbelief if you 're going to allow this film to fully wrap you in its charms .
Somehow , after most of the other 2007 movies have faded from memory , I have a feeling that I will still remember the passion and commitment of the people I met in Air Guitar Nation .
a fun enough goof to give it 90 minutes of your time as a feature film .
Sure , there is an infectious goofiness in watching a grown man in a red robe and Hello Kitty breastplate rock out on an imaginary ax . But the gag is spread pretty thin .
For every dork who has stood before the home stereo speakers and banged away on an invisible instrument , here at last is validation .
As `` Seinfeld '' proved , shows about nothing can be a lot of fun .
`` Air Guitar Nation '' does deliver the goods , with some extremely funny scenes and some honest-to-goodness rocking concert footage . Although I fear that the existence of `` Nation '' has nudged us that much closer to a karaoke documentary .
The film 's action footage -- lots of men and women thrashing around with a theoretical Fender in hand -- gets pretty tedious after a while . There is only so much self-inflicted embarrassment one can bear watching .
-LSB- Some -RSB- may be taken aback by the exhibition of sheer ego in what is clearly a form of replacement therapy for those whose ambitions exceed their talents .
In this pitch-perfect documentary about the very real rise of air guitar competition in the United States , and two of its top performers , stony thoughts will arise as to whether one is suddenly trapped inside a satire that got wrapped in a reality .
It 's a limited movie , from the musical palette the performers choose , to the number of players the movie spends time with .
That the event is not only taken seriously by its contestants , but is also surprisingly devoid of irony , makes Air Guitar Nation excellently enjoyable .
There are occasional moments of wisdom , drama and emotion , but we never quite forget the blunt confession of one of the founders of the world championship , who admits that the whole thing began as a joke . Psst , buddy : it still is .
When one character cheerfully announces he wants to `` out-weird the world , '' we want to let him know we 're right there for him .
This very funny film should get audiences strumming along on their own air guitars and flashing devil horns in support of these masters of mock rock .
The suggestion is that C-Diddy can be seen as a sort of ambassador for the ` make air , not war ' sentiment . Why not ? Even as real ambassadors go , we could do worse .
The film is a lovingly hilarious portrait of a bizarre and endearing pastime .
-LSB- A -RSB- jolly , oddly compelling and genuinely suspenseful documentary .
Air Guitar Nation will appeal to genuine musicians and those who play their fake guitars behind closed doors .
A favorite on the film festival circuit , Alexandra Lipsitz 's exuberantly funny documentary follows the triumphant path of an American air guitarist as he rises from U.S. East Coast champ to the top rankings of the international air guitar festival .
It makes me what to pick up an air guitar and rock out .
This is all charming and hilariously real .
The Finns take the whole thing pretty seriously , noting that if you hold an air guitar , it 's impossible to simultaneously hold a gun or rifle . -LRB- I 'm sure some hombre in a Peckinpah movie would be able to pull it off . -RRB-
It 's one of the charms of Air Guitar Nation that much of it plays like a mockumentary in which you 're not quite sure who 's pulling your leg . But it 's real , even if the guitars are not .
Director Alexandra Lipsitz does n't do much more than chronicle the noise , but it 's intermittently fun stuff .
It 's hard not to grin and admit that , yes , this is almost an art form .
The documentary is very well paced , beginning with a montage of just what one would presume to be the typical air guitar of a drunken concert goer and progressing into a film chronicling something like showmanship .
Alexandra Lipsitz believes that air-guitar competitions are worth a whole feature-length movie . She 's wrong , of course . But the fun lasts longer than you might think .
Air Guitar Nation does a fine job of bottling prelapsarian exuberance .
Fascinating ? Absolutely .
As dumb as the idea of grown men dressing up and pretending to play guitar may be , there 's no arguing that some of these grown men do so with a truly awesome degree of energy and flair .
Irresistible .
It 's no small feat to film a documentary like this with the right balance of reverence for the craft of air guitar and good , old-fashioned shooting at an easy target , but Lipsitz pulls it off .
Although Air Guitar Nation is a documentary , Lipsitz stumbled across a couple of compelling characters in Jung and Crane , who are anything but n'air - do-wells .
There are enough endearing characters and charming trash talk to keep what is essentially a one-note joke running toward the spastic crescendo with alacrity .
The movie 's wild performances and droll humor are tough to resist .
Air Guitar Nation is a wonderfully wild ride of a documentary , and the greatest trick of the picture is found in how it makes the audience succumb to the power of the sport .
Air Guitar Nation plays less like a feature-length documentary than it does a poorly thrown together behind-the-scenes supplement to the real thing .
It 's never clear from one moment to the next what is a joke and what is deadly earnest , until the two concepts finally merge into a sort of Buddhist singularity .
Alexandra Lipsitz 's often hilarious documentary -LRB- with almost everyone in on the joke -RRB- won the audience award at SXSW and is spawning a cult following that could snowball in release .
Nary a dull lick in the entire 80 minutes .
the film will be remembered for the overall sense of camaraderie overcoming competition , fraternity trumping rivalry , and the discovery of graciousness in victory and defeat
A wildly foolish flick that takes the best elements of stand-up comedy and mixes them with good , old-fashioned rock 'n' roll .
I would n't exactly call Air Guitar Nation the next important documentary , but as a colorful look at an admittedly goofy activity , the flick 's a pleasant little winner .





@highlight

It 's up for debate how serious or ironic its subjects are , but Air Guitar Nation is nonetheless a funny and exciting documentary with a killer soundtrack .