This moronic , witless , unbearably mirth-free mess finds Wayans endlessly mining ethnic stereotypes then mocking them for supposed humor .
What a nightmare ! `` A Haunted House 2 ″ is the kind of film that gives lowbrow comedy a bad name . It 's just like the original , screamingly stupid .
Unless you 've seen every awful horror flick of the past five years , you wo n't even get the jokes . A comedic dead zone .
A Haunted House 2 will satisfy only the basest of humours , while simply repulsing -LRB- or offending -RRB- the rest of us .
A few observational gags deliver , but all the doll-humping and chicken-slaughtering will haunt you for days .
Repugnant
Though he 's not for all tastes , there 's something admirable about Wayans 's willingness to do anything for a laugh , often reminiscent of Jerry Lewis at his most frantic .
The -LSB- A Haunted House -RSB- movies are like a strange sort of exorcism : They chase the demons away by having Marlon Wayans scream for 90 minutes -LSB- ... -RSB-
Marlon Wayans is killing his own potential , screaming his way into comedic oblivion .
Mostly , the movie is seriously dumb and just a little depressing .
Marlon Wayans on his own has taken his family name lower than ever before ... even lower than White Chicks .
I almost laughed when Wayans pulled out a pair of nunchucks to stupidly battle a swarm of dark moths and nunchucked himself in the nuts .
The line between actual horror and lampooned horror tends to blur these days , and since this effort is neither funny nor scary , it wo n't help clarify .
About as contemptible as filmmaking gets .
A Haunted House 2 is not a movie . It is a nervous breakdown .
Run in fright .
A Haunted House 2 is n't the worst way to entertain a switched-off brain for an hour and a half , but it 's nothing you have n't already seen .
Marlon Wayans ' parody sequel is as inept and puerile as its predecessor , but let no one say its screenwriter and star does n't give it his all .
Calling this one an improvement is like saying that being kicked in the shin is better than being punched in the stomach . Either way , it hurts .
A Haunted House 2 occasionally tries to be a legitimate horror movie , but just like the comedy , it does n't really work . Basically , this means you 'll be hit with extremely generic jump scares every now and then .
From Honey Boo Boo to the Kardashians , from Chris Brown to Paula Deen , from Angry Birds to `` Hoarders , '' it spares nothing and no one .
`` A Haunted House 2 '' is so bombastically stupid that its well-earned R rating does n't seem sufficient . The movie should come with another warning : The following 87 minutes would be better spent alphabetizing your spice rack .
You do n't walk into a movie like A Haunted House 2 expecting anything remotely scary or serious , but you do n't expect to walk out feeling a terrible sense of dread , either .
The other flavours in A Haunted House 2 's neapolitan ice cream are people getting hurt and sex jokes .
Wayans ' performance again relies primarily on mugging it up and outrageous attempts at self-indulgent humor to elicit laughs , topped with copious doses of raunchy sexual innuendo and activity .
There are almost no redeeming qualities to this movie . It is bad enough to trigger an existential crisis in the heartiest of movie-lovers .
Though even the most accomplished improvisers occasionally rely on shtick , Wayans simply recycles the same gags ; his `` improv '' is all shtick , with little riffing and no sense of flow .
I mean , if you were writing a script for a movie starring yourself , would n't you also write yourself a bunch of sex scenes too ?
Even fans of the series should wait until they can see Haunted House 2 at home - where they can take as many verbal potshots at its awfulness as they like .
Why did I need to see scene after unfunny scene of Wayans nakedly humping a creepy children 's doll -LRB- there must be 10 minutes of this footage -RRB- ?
Wayans sets comedy and possibly his race back at least 50 years with A Haunted House 2 .
A kitchen sink comedy more shocking than funny and strictly recommended for rabid fans of the bottom-feeding franchise .
A movie strictly for the already-converted fans of Marlon Wayans ' brand of decidedly off-color , so-stupid-it 's - funny big-screen goofballery .
This send-up of current horror movies is a go-for-broke hoot , a hot mess of a comedy that does n't have a lick of sense . And knowing that going in adds to the often knee-slapping laughs .
A Haunted House 2 is dumber than dumb dumb , which at least has the nerve to be unapologetically dumb . Worse , it 's Wayans dumb .
It becomes apparent after only moments that the filmmakers are once more happy to reach for the lowest common denominator , slapping together an icky non-stop barrage of bodily functions , racial stereotyping and rancid epithets and call it a comedy .
A movie for morons that is offensive on so many levels . It is loud , profane and profoundly stupid . One has to question how a film so awful could even be made , it is that bad . Most regrettably , it is not funny , not even a tiny bit .
Unapologetically stupid . Proudly stupid . Aggressively stupid .

@highlight

Sloppy , vulgar , and manic , A Haunted House 2 might be worth a chuckle or two , but mostly it 's a string of pop culture references and crude gags that fail to hit their intended targets .