It 's not a perfect movie ... still there is an unanswerable force to this angry , unblinking depiction of the consequences of far-right violence in Europe today .
In the Fade is never less than gripping .
But Kruger , returning to her native Germany presumably to show she 's more than just a pretty Hollywood face , is quite magnificent ... Worth seeing for her alone .
What most impresses you in the days and weeks after the attack , as she cycles through grief , shock , despair and numbness , is Kruger 's dedication to the long haul - to the way grief takes possession of a person , hollowing them out .
The German star is pretty much in every scene here , and is never less than utterly compelling throughout .
It 's a mercurial performance , subtly modulated , and somewhat at odds with an increasingly melodramatic potboiler that flirts uneasily with the pulpy conventions of vengeance-fuelled B-movies .
Kruger 's solid central turn is rendered null and void by the hacky , hyperbolic drama that surrounds it .
Despite the tonal shifts and some sizeable storyline holes , the twisty plot and Kruger 's powerful performance should keep you hooked .
Owes the majority of its positives to its incredible lead performance and a tense second act .
In the Fade sees Diane Kruger give a commanding performance as a woman with vengeance on her mind after her ex-con going-straight husband and child are killed in a terrorists attack by far right extremists in Germany .
As a whole , this is a really terrific film , and timely , too , with the violent Far Right on the march across Europe .
If it 's fair to say that Diane Kruger has been a little understretched , thus far , as a dramatic actress - she has played a lot of muses , sidekicks and sketchy mystery women - all of that is about to change with In the Fade .
While it 's good to get an insight into Germany 's current racial tensions and the film is never boring , In the Fade just does n't quite deliver .
-LSB- Diane Kruger -RSB- carries entire scenes of witness testimonies through looks and grimaces alone . It 's a masterclass .
In the Fade is a moving , almost flawless - the bombers and defence lawyer are thinly drawn ...
It 's flawed but powerful , mostly down to a revelatory performance from Diane Kruger .
-LSB- Diane Kruger -RSB- has an instinct for subtlety that is n't always mirrored in her director , whose appetite for melodrama or contrivance can be destabilising ... You do n't cast someone as deft as Kruger and then augment her work with gimmicks .
Kruger is so `` in the moment '' , at every moment - so ready to wrack her beauty in anger , grief or rage - that we keep catching ourselves accepting the unacceptable .
Kruger shows us the depth of the mother 's grief as well as her rage , incomprehension and refusal to be consoled .
It 's one of the performances of -LSB- Diane Kruger 's -RSB- career .
Kruger 's outstanding work as Katja - by turns bewildered , determined , despairing and haunted - ensures it cuts deep .
Kruger gives a powerfully visceral performance . Her grief is so vivid that it 's almost unbearable to watch .
In the Fade ... works well as a courtroom drama about the legal difficulties of bringing some guilty bombers to justice .
Diane Kruger easily earns her Cannes 2017 Best Actress Award .
Diane Kruger puts in a largely overlooked career-best performance in In the Fade .
... it 's such a well-made , fantastically acted work that its last-minute prestige-season spin-out is dumbfounding .
... an important film . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Rigorous , taut and , despite its intense subject matter , restrained .
-LSB- Director Fatih -RSB- Akin knows how to portray the social climate - he has done it in almost all his productions . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
You could see this as leaving the ultimate verdict up to the audience . Or , more cynically , you could feel that his desire to make a big statement still exceeds anything in particular he wants to say .
-LSB- Diane -RSB- Kruger carries the film with both pathos and fierceness .
The film is playing with fire . Akin handles it with care , crafting his allegorical message into a compelling feature , anchored by a stellar leading performance .
Courtroom thrillers invariably make riveting cinema , and In the Fade is no exception . Kruger , appearing in her first film in her native tongue after previously acting in French and English-language movies , is superb .
This German political-courtroom-revenge thriller features powerhouse work by Diane Kruger in a flawed package .
It 's a fine idea , but not one without its pitfalls . The upside of these three acts is that this is an absolute showcase for Diane Kruger as an actress . She 's heartbreaking and fierce and gives a wide-ranging performance .
Akin tries to illustrate the complexity of the moral confusion in which Europe -LRB- and the world -RRB- lives , but , along the way , seems to fall victim to the confusion it 's trying to denounce . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
... as unusual as defensible . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
The third -LSB- theme -RSB- , that of revenge , is , on the contrary , luminous . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
If anyone still doubted it , Diane Kruger is a great actress . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
`` In the Fade '' is a tragedy in three acts , their varying tone and effectiveness held together , however tenuously , by a powerhouse performance .
... a mediocre film wrapped around and weighing down a truly great performance .
The great acting , and thoughtful design were only a couple of reasons why In The Fade was selected to compete at the Cannes Film Festival where Kruger won for Best Actress .
One of -LSB- Fatih -RSB- Akin 's greatest accomplishments with In the Fade is how he forces viewers to bear witness to Katja 's raw , inescapable pain .
Katja meets obstacle after obstacle , which forces the story onto her leather-clad shoulders , her wrought features . Blood and tears and ink and unspoken , perhaps unspeakable fear and anger : this is a fantastically physicalized performance .
Akin asks us to shift our perceptions of terrorist attacks in deliberately provocative ways , constantly flipping what we think we know and what we expect to see right up until the film 's haunting final image .
Compelling not because of its somewhat familiar plot , but because of the fierceness with which it shows Katja 's point of view .
Depending more on words than mayhem , it 's a thriller that 's somber , slow-moving and quietly heartbreaking .
In the Fade yielded a best actress award for Diane Kruger at the Cannes Film Festival , and watching this wrenching movie , it 's easy to see why .
Because of Kruger , In the Fade maintains a daunting level of emotional truth to the last .
It 's a deeply unsettling film - delivering a message that ca n't be ignored .
This Golden Globe winner has a lot more appeal on paper than in the finished Fade .
The medicinal whiff of police procedural helps us swallow the emotional bolus of loss and put it into context . Without it , we 'd be stuck at the very bottom , subject to the rip tides of grief , rolling over the coral reef of trauma alongside Katja .
It 's a mostly affecting and harrowing thriller that makes up for lack of subtlety with seriousness of intent .
Kruger 's performance is grueling , heart-rending .
A bleakly prescient look at how the world we live in defines us , In the Fade is itself the homemade bomb of nails and fertilizer , one that will leave you shaken and stirred .
Remarkably formulaic and technically sufficient , In The Fade sternly guides its audience through a parade of misery in an attempt to be politically relevant
It offers no easy solutions or quick uplift , yet there 's still a movie-of-the-week feel to the proceedings , which seem to offer topicality without context .
It asks questions about grief and justice that resonate with these perilous times , all the more so in light of recent terror atrocities the world over .
You may find yourself hoping Katja succeeds in her quest to get past what has happened . You may want her to fail , or find another way . You may even waver back and forth on the issue . But you wont forget it .
On this emotional roller coaster , Katja 's capable of just about anything .
Director Akin 's film is insanely heavy and completely free of the redemptive happy ending nonsense so common among Hollywood films .
... I liked In the Fade a lot better when it was called Death Wish -LRB- Winner , 1974 -RRB- . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
... one of -LSB- Diane Kruger 's -RSB- best roles so far . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Slow going and never quite sure of itself .
`` In the Fade '' is a riveting film with a heartbreaking believable performance from -LSB- Diane -RSB- Kruger .
In the Fade lives and dies by Kruger 's ferocious , fearless performance of a woman driven out of the light by the darkness of others . And her descent could happen to any of us .
-LSB- Kruger 's -RSB- performance sustains interest in the movie when director and co-writer Fatih Akin -LRB- `` Head-On '' -RRB- , after a highly promising start , takes it into C-grade Liam Neeson territory .
Diane Kruger 's performance is the best thing in the film and pretty much the only thing that keeps it all yoked together .
Katja 's story is heartbreaking and intimate . Akin pulls no punches as you watch it spiral toward the dramatic climax .
In the Fade is a sketch of one woman 's grief in the face of hate .
An exploration of terror , mourning and revenge that - like much of what we 're seeing on screens these days - is all-too timely and relevant .
In the Fade is a real stunner that lingers in the mind long after it 's over . Diane Kruger gets the best role of her career so far .
Diane Kruger 's ferocious performance bolsters this muddled if provocative drama .
It 's a handsome and , at times , riveting procedural . And unlike other films that casually approach the subject of justice and revenge , resolving that a gun is the simple answer , Akin is determined to offer up a word of caution .
To say that the many parts of `` In the Fade '' are held together by Kruger would be an understatement . As a cocktail of grief , fury and regret , -LSB- Dianne Kruger is -RSB- a remarkably original protagonist .
There are unsettling images within the film that are sure to stand out in the minds of its viewers - particularly the more squeamish ones - but the tale they are wrapped up in is far too murky to earn any genuine resonance .
Intimately , quietly , painfully , In the Fade reckons with supremacist beliefs , centering that process on Katja , and on Kruger , who breathes life and humanity into a film that intentionally lacks in both .
This story has something to say about the rise of white supremacy , as well as the frustration felt by families who have not been well served by the criminal justice system .
Diane Kruger carries In the Fade on her leather-clad shoulders and ensures that you 'll walk away from the film feeling absolutely rattled .
Johannes Krisch , the guy who plays the defense attorney , arguably delivers the most hiss-worthy antagonist of the year - and he 's not even the worst person in the movie !
`` In the Fade '' handles frustration properly , asking necessary questions about the vicious cycle of violence .
Superb as Ms. Kruger is , there 's nothing she can do to keep the taut , heartfelt narrative from going off the rails .
In the Fade boasts an assured sense of style and a meticulously constructed script . Moments that initially appear to be asides turn out to be essential , and the final scenes of the first two chapters are vivid and startling .
Contains many of the same inherent flaws as most movies of this type , and not even the genuinely good and powerful aspects on display are quite able to overcome the more troublesome elements .
With -LSB- Kruger -RSB- ... In the Fade has dark , magnetic center , holding together the story of a woman trying to make sense of the impossible in a world where mere toughness sometimes is n't enough to fight back the cruelty of others .
Kruger 's grieving widow and mother seeking justice after a racially motivated bombing attack by neo-Nazis are certainly attention-grabbing , but the execution lacks suspense , drags , and finally fizzles out completely by the ending
The third act is troubling , not only because it finds the most generic climax ... but also because it implies irksome comparisons to the act of violence that started the story ...
Akin was inspired to tell the story by real-life political events in Germany , and his skills as a filmmaker are such that escape from this unsettling film is not in the cards .
Ms. Kruger ... leaves a vivid , haunting impression .
A starkly intimate character study that swerves into vigilante thriller-dom , the German-language drama In the Fade is a flawed filmgoing experience , but still a viscerally affecting one .
In the Fade shows how the most devastating damage caused by terrorists sometimes is n't to those who die ; it 's to those who remain alive .
A solid , sober , moving story and one , that like so many of Akin 's pictures , mines the same deep vein - our deep , and apparently inexhaustible reserves of pain and anger , loss and regret .
Diane Kruger 's raw , real-as-it-gets performance as a grieving woman bent on vengeance in the German thriller `` In the Fade '' grabs from the get-go and never lets loose its grip .
It 's not hard to see why Kruger won the Best Actress prize at Cannes this year for her performance , and though the movie around her can at times feel like a standard-issue vengeance saga , the light in those soul windows of hers justifies the effort .
Diane Kruger is in nearly every shot , and her wide , open face with its hollow eyes says more in silence than other actors do in lengthy perorations .
Kruger gives a devastating performance as a woman torn apart by grief and rage .
In the Fade is not to be missed , no matter how difficult its subject matter .
The film 's third act plays like a nihilistic Liam Neeson thriller , with Kruger struggling in vain to make Katja 's actions remotely believable .
In the Fade comes to life when it dramatizes the distraction tactics necessary to excusing terrorism .
Now , it must be said that Katja 's story , while gripping , is n't a lot of fun . But it is compelling , and Kruger , able to work in her native German , gives an extraordinarily deep and passionate performance ...
Film has an urgent mission given the rise of the neo-Nazi AfD in Germany . It is also dramatically compelling and deserving of a much higher rating here .
Not only an awards-worthy performance from the wonderful Diane Kruger but a movie that should be Oscar-nominated .
Routine terrorists on trial thriller , but Kruger is riveting in it .
What is not mentioned is that the greater threat to the population is from Islamist extremists and not neo-Nazis .
The best case hope is that viewers realize they 're being led to question the Hollywood ending , and that 's perhaps a leap of faith .
Despite being emotionally unrelenting and taut , and housing a fantastic performance from its lead , it still makes calculated mistakes that hobble its intent .
Diane Kruger goes full Antifa . An intriguing metaphorical narrative premise - and what ultimately ensues is not just a stunningly executed thriller , but a brilliant political parable in reverse for our time . You go , Diane .
What works first and foremost is Diane Kruger 's career-defining performance . Her fierce , uncompromising turn is remarkably potent as she endures and displays every anguish and mournful beat .
Not sure what kind of movie , in theme and intention , it really wants to be .
It 's a compelling premise that 's employed to watchable yet somewhat underwhelming effect ...
As long as festival selection committees go on including films like In the Fade in their rosters and a certain segment of the public remains conned , Akin will continue to churn out more of these self-important turkeys .
Through the efficient storytelling and the skillful editing , In The Fade thus transforms seamlessly from gut-wrenching tragedy to a lean , propulsive revenge thriller .
It 's an unfortunate waste of talent all round .
-LSB- Diane Kruger -RSB- turns in one of the finest performances of her career .
The film moves along at a methodical , by-the-numbers pace . It does n't exactly plod along , but nor does it propel forward .
The more I think about it , the more I believe it might actually be one of Akin 's best .
Disturbing and proactive , but from resources that are very unreliable . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Akin 's film relies heavily on conventional structures , zero formal hazards and a solid performance by Kruger . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
One could say that this film contributes to prolong an agonizing debate on the apology and the xenophobic intention to direct the hatred towards specific geographical zones . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A conventional demonstration of how to trivialize a hot topic . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Akin narrates this story with expressive force and veracity . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Akin strives to varnish everything with a thin layer of denunciation , of realism , xenophobic fury and offended feelings . But , again , nothing works . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A bland movie about the creation of hatred through terrorism and about how vengeance always intervenes as an alternative to justice . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's all watchable , but in the way of a rainy Saturday afternoon Law & Order marathon , even with Kruger wrestling to invest scenes of her snorting and free-basing her pain away with emotional authenticity .
A pretty good made-for-TV movie and a terribly average theatrical film .
A compelling -LRB- if somewhat ugly and hammy -RRB- contemporary revenge thriller wherein fear begets fear , hates begets hate , and thrills - however imprudent they might be - are easy to come by .
Fatih Akin 's film is just a solidly well made , straight-down-the-line drama .
In The Fade is not subtle , a revenge procedural in its way , playing easy political cards - but it is urgent , gripping and , today , so very affecting .
This is not Kruger 's finest hour . Nor Akin 's either .
Doggedly conventional in its approach , the film walks an uneasy line between unflinching honesty and crass emotional exploitation , before tipping into the latter in a questionable final act .
Kruger 's powerhouse performance in her first German-language production goes a long way toward compensating for the narrative 's dip into overly crystalline waters ...
A thriller made riveting by an emotional performance from Diane Kruger .

@highlight

In the Fade proves Diane Kruger is more than up to the task of carrying a movie -- even if the end result does n't quite live up to her remarkable work .