If you 're still determined to see a New York-based film about the romantic powers of the heavens this season , go rent Moonstruck . The writing is better , the story is better and it 's only funny when it means to be .
While the setting , cinematography , background score , outfits , imagery , everything is ideal for a ` magical love story ' , the adaptation is way too convoluted and unconvincing .
Winter 's Tale is handsomely shot , but its jumble of thoughts and ideas just are n't articulated clearly enough to enable us to take the leap of faith into the supernatural world .
There are so many ideas floating around in Winter 's Tale , it feels like Goldsman is simply trying to keep up with his own film .
A total suspension of belief is required because your brain says it 's not working while your heart wants to say , `` but I want this to work '' . And yes . I am a sucker for a horse with wings .
The only way to even potentially sell any of this was to play it so straight that it hurts a little , and Akiva Goldsman and crew did that , even when it broke the film .
Exquisitely awful . I was reminded of M. Night Shyamalan 's Lady in the Water , in that both are attempts at building a magical fantasy world by someone who has no clue whatsoever how to go about the task .
This is an adaptation that simply does n't have much of anything that is engaging about it , leading to two hours that end up being more of a slog than the celebration of life and love it should have been .
`` What the hell did I just see ? '' That was my first comment to the studio representative after I screened `` Winter 's Tale . '' Allow me to save you two hours . of your life :
One can only hope this story works a lot better on page than on screen .
Unashamedly romantic , it is perhaps a little too convoluted to appeal to the most devoted audience for unashamed romance , the teenage girl .
... quite striking and engrossing ...
A fine book fights gallantly to escape from its straitjacket , but eventually lies down and allows itself to be trampled underfoot by bad ideas .
Fails with such absolute sincerity that pointing out its incompetence feels mean-spirited .
For all of its lofty ambitions , A New York Winter 's Tale emerges as a hugely disappointing experience .
Findlay narrates in huge chunks of religiose voice-over . `` Nothing has been without purpose - nothing , '' she concludes . Well , perhaps not nothing .
` Winter 's Tale ' may not be the easiest film to follow , but it 's one of the most visually stunning .
A flaky romantic fantasy that spans three time periods and is eye-wateringly ludicrous in each of them .
A fairy tale concept enlivened with average special effects , a plight predicated upon purportedly epic affection rendered with the most rote and unearned of emotion , and a tale supposedly larger-than-life but lacking in enthusiasm or investment .
This is a film written , produced and directed by the same person , and the lack of perspective shows .
Goldsman clearly does n't know who he is making this movie for .
With an unbelievable romance , huge leaps in logic and a messy narrative structure , there 's little to recommend about this film .
The introductory voice-over ... generously still gives you time to dash back to the foyer and demand your money back to watch something less stomach-churning - like escalators going up and down .
A-list stars and gorgeous photography aside , this is the kind of eye-rolling , fairy tale folly that gives Valentine 's Day a bad name . Your sweetheart deserves better .
Unfortunately , the film 's magical - realist approach comes off as kitsch and preposterous .
If these actors felt they owed Goldsman a debt , they 've paid it in full .
The fact that this magical romance has been retitled A New York Winter 's Tale in the UK tells you what the filmmakers think of the audience : we ca n't be trusted to get anything on our own .
` Winter 's Tale ' -LRB- not to be confused with Shakespeare 's play -RRB- is a beautiful mess .
A messy , unwieldy affair .
New York in winter can often mean wading through some dreadful slush , and that 's certainly the case here .
How could this film be made worse ? Only by giving Lucifer a scene with Lucifer Jr played by Jaden Smith .
-LSB- Winter 's Tale -RSB- looks nice and goes down easy-and with a few hearty laughs for more cynical viewers-but has little narrative substance or emotional sustenance .
A leaden , charmless movie that is unable to commit to its own fantasy . So implausible that even Colin Farrell 's own Irish accent sounds fake .
It is , beyond a shadow of a doubt , the worst film Russell Crowe has appeared in . It may even be the worst film Colin Farrell has appeared in , which is really saying something .
Largely horrible . But we would go back .
A gloriously terrible and unintentionally hilarious fantasy drama ...
It 's not a total descent into romantic hell , but it gives a comprehensive tour of the upper circles .
-LSB- Goldsman -RSB- wants us to believe in miracles , but a bit of common sense would have helped .
Composed with all the subtlety of a jack-hammer , this over-narrated fantasy seems incapable of grandeur or magic , reducing its ideas , visuals and performances to kitsch .
Problematic from the outset , this melodrama about destiny , chance and connections trips over its own self importance as it canvasses its ludicrous plot involving angels and demons , twinkling stars , true love and a magical white horse that flies
Almost every scene in Winter 's Tale has some form of a ` what-were-they-thinking ' moment .
I wanted to like this movie . I really did .
A spiritual , surreal , stardust-sprinkled journey ...
Corny and shakily plotted , it 's a disappointing directorial debut from Goldsman .
Goldsman 's directorial debut is decorated by an A-list cast -LRB- watch out for Will Smith , if you must -RRB- , one can only assume that he has their families held hostage somewhere , because even by Colin Farrell standards , Goldsman 's tale is a mawkish stinker .
A dud of epic proportions , a fantasy that 's less magical than risible .
It 's not just the wettest film since records began - it 's also one of the most preposterous .
Through the power of garbled mythology and questionable artistic decisions , it 's guaranteed to cure the incurable romantic , on Valentine 's Day , no less .
The film deserves credit for boldly leaping headlong into its premise . No one told it that it was such a far fall from there .
`` Winter 's Tale '' is much more than strictly about good versus evil . It is really about miracles , and our ability to believe in them .
It 's a fresh , original and beautifully acted fantasy .
Anyone who has enjoyed past films that subscribe to the `` magical realism '' concept , or even those who miss the grand romantic gestures often seen in movies from Hollywood 's Golden Age , should love at least half of the picture . That would be the first half .
Caleb Deschanel provides exquisite photography , Oscar winning actors are game , and an acclaimed classic novel sets the blueprint . Yet what was no doubt a passion project for Goldsman has proven to be a satisfying , yet underwhelming movie .
There 's a lot of yapping about miracles in Winter 's Tale , a punishingly dull super-natural , high-concept romantic mish mash ... And it 's just as well . About half-way through you 'll be wishing God could miracle your way out of the cinema .
If you 're familiar with the concept of hate-watching or ironically loving a movie , then by all means , enjoy ripping Winter 's Tale to shreds with your friends at the bar next door .
The film is both overwritten and under-explained . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
Winter 's Tale is gorgeously shot and the scenery 's absolutely stunning , but the physical beauty on screen is lost in a mushy love story that simply does n't work .
A miasma of fairy-tale romance , fantasy creatures and the Biblical fight between good and evil .
Though handsomely mounted , the film is basically just too silly to convince on any level .
Nobody sets out to make a terrible movie .
Despite an often muddled story , the meaningful fantasy yarn about life and love in Winter 's Tale will at least leave viewers with something to mull over afterwards .
Some of us may remember Akiva Goldsman for his dual Razzie nominations -LRB- 1997 ′ s A Time to Kill and 1998 ′ s Batman & Robin -RRB- . This may be the year he wins .
On a purely narrative level , Winter 's Tale missteps early and often . Its earnestness is its downfall , resulting in opportunities for unintentional humor .
It 's wrongheaded , it 's horrendous , it 's filled with lines of dialogue that are utter howlers , and yet , it 's the type of movie that feels so confident that it really is something .
The film version of `` Winter 's Tale '' probably wo n't please anyone : neither fans of the book nor those who have never read it .
We never come to understand the magic that keeps Farrell looking like a member of My Chemical Romance for 10 decades . We never know why consumption makes women sexy .
It 's a credit to Goldsman 's abilities as a director and producer that he surrounded himself with so much talent , but his movie never sweeps us away like a story about love transcending time and mortality should .
Even fantasies have rules .
Disappointing book-based fantasy-drama has heavy themes .
It 's so filled with high-flown blather about love , destiny and miracles that there 's no room for enchantment .
If only there was less mush and more meat in this stew .
It takes awhile to get into a groove but once it gets there Winter 's Tale is one of this winter 's best tales .
It 's a movie to make tear ducts shrivel in shame for even thinking of opening up .
Is it a Valentine 's Day prank ? Gives magic and realism a bad name ; does n't make romance seem so hot either . So dull it feels like a vanity project with a Hollywood budget .
Although almost two hours is too long for a movie of this sort , I did n't find myself looking at my watch too many times because the story grabbed me and the acting is so good . The chemistry between Farrell and Findlay is palpable .
Winter 's Tale is preposterous twaddle . Use it as a date movie only if you do n't love the one you 're with .
No one seems to know what `` Winter 's Tale '' is really about . As a result , it 's about nothing .
A story sprinkled with snow and fairy dust .
Hilariously ill-conceived . Works on a `` so bad it 's good '' level .
As a facile little Valentine 's movie , it 's just fine , but as an adaptation of a modern piece of classic literature , it 's an absolutely dismal failure , a blight on its source material .
It might all make more sense to fans of the book . But you should n't have to have read the book to be able to see and enjoy the movie .
You have to stretch your imagination just a teensy bit - OK , a whale of a lot - to buy into it .
Winter 's Tale is the kind of really bad movie that may still be quite easy to like , or even love , if you abandon all senses ye who enter here .
I thought Labor Day had the most ludicrous plot of the year , but it looks like freaking Hamlet next to Winter 's Tale .
That almost none of this makes real-world sense is n't a problem . What is a problem is that much of it is n't even consistent with its own internal logic .
... a delicate romantic fantasy that requires that you willingly suspend your disbelief and give yourself over to it . Cynics need not apply .
Not only is the story of magic , angels , demons and predetermined destiny preposterous , but the characters are also unconvincing and the dialogue sanctimonious .
While Farrell does his best with the wonky storyline , it 's all he can do not to laugh out loud at some of its preposterous turns . Audiences need not feel so constrained .
Deeply romantic but pretty daffy .
Because it is fearlessly sincere and not totally successful , `` Winter 's Tale '' is easy to mock . But it is also hard not to admire its willingness to go all out in its quest for the grandest of romantic gestures .
Winter 's Tale combines a superb cast with an even more impressive story to make a film that is easy to love .
Winter 's Tale is worse than Batman & Robin , and this time Akiva Goldsman does n't have the excuse of ` I only wrote the screenplay . '
Clumsy and inert , a lumbering white elephant rather than the flying white horse that is the novel 's magical mascot .
Fantasy is heavily dependent on vision , which Mark Helprin had in spades , but the look of Akiva Goldsman 's fantasy is limp , timid , and occasionally outright awkward .
Enduring this soppy muddle of twinkling stars , fluttering wings , refracted points of light and destiny-led swooners is like being forced to listen at length to a crazy person at a street corner read out old Hallmark greeting cards .
Like the frozen expanses of its most dramatic settings , `` Winter 's Tale '' is mostly hard , glittering surface .
How do you adapt `` Winter 's Tale , '' Mark Helprin 's epic 1983 magical-realist novel , into a movie ? If you 're writer-director Akiva Goldsman , you take a meat tenderizer and hammer away until all that 's left is romantic-fantasy mush .
... it is , in a word , ridiculous .
An astounding failure of babbling , sticky-sweet moralizing , inexcusable plot holes and discrepancies , and a central romance that not for a second comes to life . `` Winter 's Tale '' is a handsome production , but the film is also a bit of a disaster .
You 'll either buy into the fairy-tale conventions of the story or reject them , and I suspect that die will be cast for most moviegoers within the first 10 minutes of the movie .
an unintentionally funny disaster
A surrealist love story with countless admirers has been reduced by Akiva Goldsman 's screen version to a potboiler brimming with treacly preachments .
Winter 's Tale offers grand overtures of imagination and romance with woozy visual effects that overpower the characters and render its Dan Brownish plot comically incoherent .
`` Winter 's Tale '' is ambitious with its otherworldly ingredients and temporal leaps . It 's not always a success , but the movie has one thing going for it : spot-on casting .
This really is a film of negative fits and starts . Nothing really fits , and it never really gets started .
`` Winter 's Tale '' perfectly portrays the confusion of falling in love and not knowing all the rules because you lost your Dungeons & Dragons manual and never took Comparative Religions 101 .
Wears its fuzzy good intentions as a badge of honour but gets weighed down by the sheer sweep of its epic tale and its decision to resort to special effects when acting -LRB- and a trimmed down script -RRB- might well have carried the story .
No amount of star power can pump life into such an inert offering .
It 's pretty , with wintry white locations and settings , but made with an unrelentingly heightened atmosphere , every scene a climax drizzled with a treacly score .
` Winter 's Tale ' is the ` Batman and Robin ' of magical realism .
This live-action fairy tale aims to recapture the romantic splendor MGM 's golden era ; the dialogue and metaphysical conceits are often risible , but even they convey an emotionalism rare in 21st-century Hollywood .
It 's not a true story nor a love story , but rather , the comedy of the year .
For those who have n't read the Mark Helprin novel on which Akiva Goldsman 's film is based , prepare to be confused , annoyed , bewildered , and yet more annoyed by the director 's inability to construct even the most basic of narrative fantasy romances .
Its high production values are in constant competition with its cheeseball special effects .
Goldsman has stripped the source material for parts and for its through-line , eliminating various characters , as is the case with any adaptation . What 's left is sincere ridiculousness .
`` Winter 's Tale '' has a magic white horse , and these days you just ca n't see enough of those .
It 's a pretty film full of magic and miracles - a flying horse , a child saved , a man made immortal by love , a mortal character who by my count is at least 104 years old but still working as a newspaper editor - but , alas , it just does n't gel .
Mark Helprin 's original novel had its well-earned fans , but writer-director Akiva Goldsman replaces Helprin 's creative metaphysical musings with cheap sentimentality .
Goldsman won an Academy Award for screenwriting for his work on A Beautiful Mind . He also wrote Batman & Robin .
It dares you to laugh at it , so you might as well oblige , even if you 'll feel bad for it immediately after . But not that bad .
A moony kitsch fantasy of the `` everything is connected and everyone is special '' variety , Winter 's Tale is as romantic as a Facebook-posted engagement photo , as opulent as a rehearsal dinner , and as profound as a greeting card .
Lifeless , laughable and lame , Winter 's Tale is set to frustrate fans of Mark Helprin 's 1983 fantasy novel and flummox everybody else .
Runs on Judeo-Christian good-versus-evil mythology and the firm belief that love conquers all , especially if you have a magic flying horse . I know that sounds pretty awesome , but ...
Hilariously terrible in any season .
Winter 's Tale is a staggering mess , sloppy and unstructured in its execution and a waste of all the considerable acting talent involved .
You may find yourself either stifling a sniffle by the film 's end credits or rolling your eyes and groaning . There is n't much middle ground .
Fails on so many levels that I hesitate to even call it a movie .
An ineffectual account of an eternal love .
Earnest in its ambition but dopey in its execution , `` Winter 's Tale '' never takes flight .
Oblique , unstructured and demented , Winter 's Tale aims to cast a dreamlike spell , but it 's more like a nightmare .
... Goldsman tends , like many successful filmmakers , to wax effusive , so an affecting love story inflates into an overwrought passion .
While the premise is enticing -- a period romance fraught with tragedy and time travel -- it unfortunately fails to deliver on multiple levels .
`` Winter 's Tale '' wants to be a magical romance that leaves you feeling like the universe is full of secret purpose , but instead it 's convoluted , over-narrated and deeply silly .
` Winter 's Tale ' makes ` Safe Haven ' look like ` The Godfather . '
Nobly intended , but the charms of this bit of magical realism evade us -- and evaded the filmmakers , too .
Goldsman has no trouble shmaltzing it up in a way that undercuts the magic ... awash in incredibly cheap-looking special effects .
Akiva Goldsman 's feature-directing debut is a cloying , sledgehammer-subtle adaptation of Mark Helprin 's vastly richer novel .
The film grinds its gears when it tries to make its fantasy elements run alongside real-world logic .
Winter 's Tale switches from a lavish mystical fantasy into a ponderous fable about destiny and miracles and stuff .
-LSB- VIDEO ESSAY -RSB- `` Winter 's Tale '' is a remedial romance movie complete with training-wheels . At least it has Colin Farrell as its doting instructor .
A searing , supernatural exploration of the human soul suggesting not only that love is real but that miracles happen , too !
Akiva Goldsman 's take on the ` magical realism ' of Mark Helprin 's vast , dense 1983 novel Winter 's Tale will prove particularly plodding to those unfamiliar with the source material and wanly lacking in wonder to those that are .

@highlight

Winter 's Tale tries to retain the grandiose sweep of its source novel , but fails to fill it in with characters worth rooting for or a sensible plot .