The film may be slight , but there 's plenty of charm and wit to engage and amuse .
-LSB- A -RSB- breezy coming-of-age story .
It 's a disarmingly lovely , big-hearted film , and hilarious in places .
It 's relentlessly funny but depends in equal part on the charm of its characters and on Boy 's sense of wonder at the world .
The momentum from the opening dissipates early and without a real engine pushing the movie foward , it begins to drag ... the film is 87 minutes and feels like it 's 2 hours .
This is an upbeat , often hilarious , but never mawkish , celebration of love .
It 's one of those flicks that has more resonance than you may at first realize and a level of charm that few films contain .
Even the inevitable flaws of the low-budget production are winning , showcasing as they do the narrative artistry that makes Boy so distinctive amid current factory-written studio productions .
A simple story of coming of age and the bitter failings of hero worship that succeeds thanks to the impressive skills of its young star .
Rolleston 's winning presence doubtless has much to do with the fact that Boy is a record-breaking hit in its home country , but there 's some salt mixed in with the film 's sugar .
`` Boy '' finds hope , and love , in the oddest corners .
Waititi has reached into his past for a story that belongs to him alone .
A film like this would have little chance without the right casting , and James Rolleston is so right as Boy , it 's difficult to imagine anyone else .
A performer and comedian before becoming a filmmaker , Waititi uses his comic sensibilities to keep Boy from becoming mawkish or clichéd . He has created a coming-of-age tale that is truly original .
Boy is a charmer , a funny and affecting coming-of-age story rendered with heart , and with nuttiness .
Waititi does a nice tonal juggling act , balancing eccentric characters , a 1980s setting , child-drawn animation and Maori-inflected restagings of Michael Jackson videos with the painful consequences of parental neglect .
`` Boy '' is a delightful discovery , a charming little film about fathers , sons , New Zealand and Michael Jackson .
This is a good-natured , goofy and often charming little coming-of-age comedy that is bright , light and fun .
It 's serious stuff , but with a veneer of cheeky comedy .
Homegrown though it often feels , the film is hurt by a distinct lack of budget ; how else to explain why `` Thriller , '' or any song at all by Michael Jackson , never appears ?
Funny and touching at times , but a little bit of Dad goes a long way .
`` Boy '' rollicks along with bright , sunny style and , for the most part , balances its sadness with invention .
The storytelling is far from standard , from the endearingly eccentric characterizations and performances to match to the whimsical , sometimes surreal tone .
From its pop culture addicted populace ... to the exploits Boy imagines for his dad -LRB- deep sea diver , war hero , friend of Jackson -RRB- depicted by animations of Rocky 's crayon drawings , `` Boy '' charms .
`` Boy , '' from New Zealand , has its charms , most of them to do with Boy , an 11-year-old pop-culture enthusiast who 's obsessed with Michael Jackson and moonwalking .
Taika Waititi 's journey into the heart and soul of an 11-year-old boy in New Zealand will take you back , regardless of your country .
Their hopeful , honest faces outweigh the dialogue .
The children here are both remarkable , not relying on cuteness , but allowed to remain children , with the pain that brings alongside the pleasure .
It 's ... super-exuberant and super-affecting , thanks to the pairing of James Rolleston as the boy of the title and the filmmaker as his father .
One might predict that Boy , loosely based on the 1980s New Zealand childhood of Taika Waititi , would be funny and offbeat , but the surprise is how refreshingly original , charming and emotional it is .
Think Whale Rider meets Superfly , except mama 's dead instead of Freddy .
Colorful visuals and sometimes overly broad sight gags communicate in a universal language -LSB- for -RSB- this heartwarming film infused with affection about growing up Maori .
It 's a lovely oddity , and one that will probably hit home for preteen audiences all over the world .
Writer-director and co-star Taika Waititi -LRB- `` Eagle vs Shark '' -RRB- never builds much momentum for his largely uneventful if sometimes inventive story .
Boy could have been a twee mush of cuteness and bathos but it 's not , in large part because of the outstanding cast of unself-conscious Maori kids .
A cross between The 400 Blows and Slumdog Millionaire .
The performance by Rolleston has a precocious authenticity .
The use of flipbook animation and exaggerated fantasy sequences entails a certain logic , but these devices run aground on a fairly limited sense of imagination which fails to make up for the story 's essential slightness .
Somehow manages both to drag on and feel too short at the same time .
Joy juxtaposed with humiliation , silliness with sadness , fantasy with reality , and none of it formulaic . The editing feels fresh , as does the film .
New Zealand coming-of-age story has moments of beauty and warmth , but is ultimately too twee by half .
An alternately zany , sentimental , and remarkably insightful look at the quirks of a child 's mind .
Taika Waititi has found a way to balance his offbeat sensibility with a maturing humanity .
Waititi 's a gifted storyteller with a generous sense of humor and a confident way with actors , with Boy a great example of his agreeably idiosyncratic vision .
Writer-director Taika Waititi may be the founder of his own school of humor : call it `` cruel-reality '' comedy . . it entertains and touches with sly assurance and deep feeling .
While its airy slightness and brisk running time at times betrays its origins , its modesty also constitutes much of its homemade charm .
Boy need n't be pop-culturally fluent to be relatable ; believable human characterizations would have sufficed .
The title character 's charm can not make up for the film 's lack of a narrative center
E.T. , Musical Youth , and Shogun also turn up , but these pop-culture signifiers are n't enough to make up for the lack of a plot -LRB- or even a purpose -RRB- .
Humor , obscenity , drugs , sadness and an uncommon take lift ` Boy ' above its advertised ` coming-of-age tale about heroes , magic and Michael Jackson . '
The material is clearly quite personal for the helmer , though it does n't feel particularly original .
A lovely surprise .
It is far from a bad film ; in fact , it 's totally pleasant and enjoyable . Due to all the money it collected in its New Zealand release , it will receive both hype and criticism disproportionate to its quality .
All the performances are wonderful and frankly films are rarely this genuine and consistently entertaining .
A sweet , charming flick where the humour reverberates with authenticity . A case of plot drift and abandoned subplots hold it back , though .
Boy is the feel-good film of the year . This boy 's life is a hilarious and bewitching reminder of what it 's like to be young .
Not since 2008 's Oscar winner Slumdog Millionaire has pleasure and pain come together so beautifully .
This charming , funny and highly original comedy from New Zealand has a magic all its own .
The film has a disarming naturalism and spontaneity . Waititi never pushes too hard . He knows the importance of restraint , understatement and surprise .
With plenty of charm and humour , Boy is shaping up as the feel-good film of the year .
While Boy is built upon sturdy foundations of accessible comedy and relatable drama , it never quite assumes the shape of a typical crowd-pleaser .
Boy contains very little ` quirk for quirk 's sake ' -- and that 's no mean feat for a film that 's replete with ` nudge-nudge-wink-wink ' 80s nostalgia , music video recreations , and a key character who may or may not be a superhero .
There 's a poignancy to Boy , apart from the humour which is a great component of the film , to make it a truly original piece of cinema . It is full of craziness and heart .
It feels as authentic to Maori culture as the haka , with a cheeky and understated charm . As they say across the Tasman , choice .
It starts out as a fairly innocuous comedy but it gradually develops into something more dramatic , more meaningful .
Boy is one of the most successful films of all time in its home country and it 's not hard to see why . It 's about that moment every child experiences when they realise their dad or mum is not a hero but just a human being .
Beautifully realised and touching on serious issues , this moving film is propelled by big laughs and an even bigger heart .
A wonderful mix of elements , ranging from lighthearted character-based humour to profound drama , and studded with observational detail about human nature in general , via the cultural specificity of New Zealand 's bi-racial society
Outwardly simple , yet inwardly complex , this soulful coming of age debut feature from Taika Waititi is the tale of a young boy 's harsh reality deflected by fantasy


@highlight

Boy possesses the offbeat charm associated with New Zealand film but is also fully capable of drawing the viewer in emotionally .