For all the film 's lecturing about the rise in diabetes and good and bad fats , you suspect that its director is secretly just having a laugh with the whole thing .
Fascinating documentary on American fast food .
May affect how you eat and will serve as a rude awakening ...
I 'm willing to believe Spurlock 's hypothesis ... but someday I 'd like to see a well-researched documentary as lively as this one on the harmful effects of pseudo-science in the media .
Through the use of quirky art work , animation , a barrage of facts and figures , plus an incredibly dry wit , Spurlock shines a light on America 's attitudes to weight gain .
The ` What Would Jesus Buy ? ' project , broader than digestion issues , is the brainchild of Morgan Spurlock , who in a less spiritual frame of mind , lost the junk food battle of the bulge against McDonald 's with this high calorie investigative documentary .
Underscores the need for individuals to take responsibility for their own health , and it does so in a frequently humorous and self-deprecating way . Plenty of food for thought .
full review in Greek
Might help shake the Mcfaithful out of their special sauce stupors .
It 's rare the film that changes someone 's life ; Super Size Me may indeed change many .
... it 's unfortunate that the place of pride belongs to Spurlock 's self-mortification .
... invaluable , putting the hard truth in our face like never before
Spurlock 's adventure in not-so-fine dining may be extreme , but it makes its point in a shocking way ...
One of only a handful of select films that I can recall as being as important as it is entertaining .
Instead of making a calm , reasonable case , Spurlock dazzles us with sensational details . -LSB- But -RSB- most of his arguments are properly persuasive .
It goes several extra miles to interview nutritionists , educators and media experts about the epidemic of obesity .
The movie delivers loads of facts , food for thought and a heaping serving of laughs .
Absolutamente deliciosa .
It 's the film and its hero 's honest approach that make the package so persuasive .
Every schoolchild should be brought to see it - with no popcorn during or burgers afterwards .
Super Size Me is , on one level , a cinematic stunt in the tradition of Michael Moore 's populist , anti-corporate crusades .
Super Size Me is a one of an ever-expanding list of shock-doc films that are definitely worth the admission .
Consumption will lead to possible nausea and certain amusement .
Spurlock has ventured what few social commentators bother with these days , especially in the burgeoning field of pop-documentary : the possibility for real change .
A wonderful achievement -- entertaining , engrossing , and never far from grossing out .
Afinal de contas , qual é o grande argumento de Spurlock ? O de que comer sanduíches e batatas fritas em excesso provoca aumento de peso ? Como diria Homer Simpson : ` Duh ! ' .
I 'm less certain that super smug Spurlock is a man with a mission than I am resolutely convinced that he 's a man out to draw attention to himself .
-LSB- Spurlock -RSB- presents some interesting , if non-shocking , facts about our addiction to fast food .
As entertaining as Super Size Me sometimes is , I 'm not sure what Spurlock 's escapade really accomplishes , except to emphasize that eating 5,000 calories a day , and exercising little , is bad for you .
Bet you do n't head to the Golden Arches after seeing `` Super Size Me . ''
Something like a public service announcement about a country-wide health problem that is presented with a comic edge .
often hilarious -- Spurlock makes fine use of ... such soundtrack selections as ` Yummy Yummy Yummy , I 've Got Love in My Tummy ' -- and also more than a little upsetting .
Branches out to make some extremely compelling arguments about America 's poor eating habits .
-LSB- an -RSB- irreverent and revealing contemporary creep show about our country 's forbidden love affair with unhealthy dining ... worth chewing on as `` reel '' food for thought
While more entertaining as a gimmick than a film , Spurlock still reveals telling truth about our fast food nation .
Beyond any contention is Morgan Spurlock 's gift for metabolizing common knowledge into uncommonly entertaining cinema .
Spurlock comes across as a kinder , gentler , less egomaniacal and -- not irrelevant , in this context -- thinner Michael Moore .
Filled with big laughs ... Yet even the guffaws do n't diminish the periodic bouts of anger , depression and horror we experience as we watch a nation eating itself into oblivion .
Spurlock does n't deliver -LSB- his -RSB- message sternly but with bracing humor , a sure command of the facts , a lack of pretention and a stunning act of illustrative self-destruction .
A well-crafted comedy .
Spurlock is considerably more charismatic and more endearing than documentarian Michael Moore , to whom he 's already been compared . And as narrator and subject , he has considerable screen presence .
My arteries hardened just watching Super Size Me .
-LSB- You 'll -RSB- be captivated by the deeper issues that cling tenaciously to its main storyline .
Fast food and the perils of commodification
... great flick , great points , great man .
This reviewer , for one , has n't been back to the Golden Arches since seeing the film .
It 's a highly effective -LSB- gimmick -RSB- , one that speaks directly to those of us who ca n't resist a double-cheeseburger with an extra-large helping of fries once in a while .
Spurlock constructs the film brilliantly , maintaining a darkly hilarious tone while continually jolting us .
I 'd have been happy to simply sit and watch Morgan eat for a few hours , but the guy has a point to make .
One measure of a great film is the impact it has on one 's daily life , and the film that has most adjusted my outlook in 2004 is Morgan Spurlock 's Super Size Me .
Entertaining and informative .
Proves something many of us suspected - that fast food is poison . Tantalizing , low-cost poison . Oversaturated , grease-sopped poison . Mass-marketed , addictive poison .
If you need just a little extra incentive to keep you away from the drive-thrus , this movie is for you .
Although Spurlock 's movie is thought-provoking and downright funny , he does n't exactly play fair .
Will wipe the smile right off your Happy Meal .
Super Size Me can be frivolous and slightly smug , but it certainly puts the question of America 's health squarely on the table -- and in a wonderfully entertaining way .
This documentary is shocking although it seems comical to watch .
Divertissant et horrifiant en proportions justes ...
Right after I left the theater , I drove past Krispy Kreme and the `` HOT '' light was on . I kept right on driving past it and headed straight for the produce section .
Super Size Me is more important for what it brings to the table outside of the film rather than the film itself .
Morgan Spurlock goes on an exclusive McDonalds ' diet to prove that their food is high in fat & cholesterol . His experiment was as pointless then as his documentary is today .
Super Size Me is an unnerving , highly entertaining wake-up call .
A film that not only works as a documentary but as an endlessly intriguing and grin-inducing narrative .
A film that 's every bit as tasty as junk food but without any of the refined flour , processed sugar , sodium overload , saturated fats or potentially lethal calories of your average fast-food meal .
Offers food for thought , as well as a perverse sort of entertainment .
-LSB- In addition to -RSB- undeniable food for thought , Morgan Spurlock 's account of his foray into fast-food hell also serves up a heaping helping of bitingly subversive humor .
If you decide to go see ` Super Size Me ' -- not a bad idea -- you might want to skip that stop at the concession stand on the way into the auditorium .
When people do this to themselves over the course of several years , you do n't always notice the effects right away . When a young man in perfect health speeds up the process , it all comes into very sharp focus .
It 's easy to hit the broad side of a barn , but few do it with as much flair and humor as director Morgan Spurlock .
Engaging , horrifying , and hilarious all at once . A must-see .
The film may not be definitive , but it should be a must-watch in every junior high health class .
It 's one thing to know that fast food is bad for you . It 's another to see that ` badness ' demonstrated .
More than a 98-minute episode of Fear Factor , Spurlock 's movie is a remarkably thorough and hilarious examination of our alarming eating habits .
Fun to watch , even while it shows us something we need to do something about .
The truth is , the delicious fun -LRB- forgive me -RRB- of Super Size Me resides in watching the lanky , affable Spurlock get intentionally fat .
After seeing this movie , it 's hard to think about fast food the same way again .
Funny , sickening , scary , entertaining and undeniably educational .
Blatantly unfair and completely winning documentary .
Those who see the film will think twice before succumbing to that next Big Mac attack .
A gimmick film that uses an upbeat style to create laughs , and , in truth , a distaste for fast food .
As enormously entertaining as it is appalling .
Uses a `` reality show '' gimmick to get us into the theater , but winds up teaching us something and may even cause us to re-examine our habits and beliefs .
A controversial , entertaining and stomach-turning nonfiction comedy that will cause many viewers to put down their topping-drenched jumbo buckets of popcorn .
What makes all this work is that the charming Mr. Spurlock , unlike combative Michael Moore , is winning , witty and completely at ease before the camera .
Fast-food restaurants are not looking after their customers , Spurlock argues , and his film does a fine job of delineating , as he says , ` where personal responsibility stops and corporate responsibility begins . '
Fat City
No -LSB- kidding -RSB- , Spurlock .
A terrific film that takes the seemingly not-so-sexy subjects of health , nutrition , and corporate greed and turns them into informative entertainment .
Feeds us the message quite literally that we are all poisoning ourselves to death in such a charming , hilarious , self-deprecating manner that you actually enjoy hearing it .
A striking comic assault on the fast-food nation .
Non-stop overeating causes him to gain weight and feel terrible . Shocking !
Spurlock picks apart a serious issue in a highly entertaining way .
A Swiftian portrait of America the Rotund .
In a way it functions as the mental , emotional , and aesthetic equivalent of junk food ; two hours after you see it , you 're hungry again , even though your brain has gotten fatter .
An anti-junk-food screed that manages to entertain even as it informs and alarms .
A compelling cautionary tale hot-wired to your gag reflex .
While not the all-encompassing , hard-facts indictment Fast Food Nation readers might hope for , this more entertainment-oriented package does throw in enough disturbing figures and informative side trips to provide an educational-value meal .
-LSB- Has -RSB- road-accident appeal .
Spurlock manages to make a documentary about a guy eating burgers for a month compelling -- a tall order he manages to fill .
If you feel hungry for fast food after seeing this , you must enjoy living dangerously .
Provides plenty of food for thought .
Full of interesting facts about the American diet .
Morgan Spurlock 's much-heralded Big Mac attack is way more fun than it is preachy .
-LSB- A -RSB- funny , scary , and altogether fascinating film .
Super Size Me produces more laughs than a man 's gastrointestinal distress should .
An entertaining look at America 's obesity epidemic and a lively exploration of personal versus corporate responsibility .
A wild and wicked film that should make anyone think twice before grabbing that Egg McMuffin on the way to work or ` treating ' their kids to a meal almost engineered to make them sick .
So fast and funny that you almost forget how fundamentally stupid the whole thing is .
-LSB- A -RSB- gripping , often funny , unfailingly gut-wrenching burp of a documentary about America 's fast-food industry and one man 's -LRB- his -RRB- greasy descent into its cholesterol-clogged bowels .
This is the documentary that caused a sensation at Sundance 2004 and allegedly inspired McDonald 's to discontinue its ` super size ' promotions as a preemptive measure .
Outrageously amusing .
... a sobering experience for the french-fry junkie in all of us .
-LSB- Spurlock 's -RSB- like a jovial frat boy bingeing on burgers instead of beer .
Completely satisfying .
One thing you 'll definitely think twice about is going out and grabbing a burger on the way home .
At once both hysterical and stomach turning , Morgan Spurlock 's documentary about living on fast food is a poignant achievement .
Hilarious , honest and heartfelt documentary about America 's obsession with fast food offers plenty of food for thought .
Super Size Me packs a lot of good information , witty visual aids and expert testimonials into its fast 96 minutes , and all the bad eating certainly makes for compelling if at times repugnant viewing .
Works despite itself , both as sensationalist , occasionally nauseating entertainment , and as an emphatic condemnation of the golden arches .
Riveting and darkly comic .
For all of the huffing and puffing and hurling , the film does n't really make the sort of lasting impact that a truly effective work might have .
An entertaining , and occasionally horrifying , statement of the obvious .
Tasty while you take it in , but larded down with empty cinematic calories .
A vital shock to the system . It will prop your eyes wide open .
Super Size Me is a creative documentary exploring the link between junk food and the obesity epidemic in America .
Mordantly funny and trenchantly sobering , this is a Big Mac attack you can sink your teeth into . And then it will bite you back .
Ingenious and entertaining cautionary tale about the evils of fast food , film is fast-paced and accessible without being preachy and precious .
Have holes in its arguments the height and width of the Golden Arches .
The speed with which a healthy , relatively young stud can morph into a tub of lard is as horrifying as it is entertaining to watch .
If the idea is not so new , it 's delivered in a manner that 's refreshingly aggressive , at once deliberate and antic .
Witty , gross , smart , outrageous , and so clever it just about pops .
You 'll never think the same way about those two all-beef patties .
I have n't touched a Big Mac since .
More than just a cautionary tale or insane sociology experiment . It 's a real look at one of the most pressing issues in our times .
Morgan Spurlock has crafted the ultimate contemporary horror story .
Morgan Spurlock 's self-starring documentary has nothing new to say about America 's fast-food addiction and obesity epidemic , but there 's no denying its grotesque effectiveness .
Super Size Me is McBrilliant and may be one of the most important documentaries you 'll ever see . Read on - >
Spurlock 's an intelligent guy with a wicked sense of humor and a deft sense of how to get a point across so that it resonates with more than just the funny bone
Spurlock proves himself a supersize talent ; he makes you choke on every laugh .
Spurlock reveals himself to be as savvy and self-interested as that clown who 's feeding your children everyday .
Spurlock 's light touch keeps Super Size Me entertaining and educational , without sacrificing one for the other .
Fast , funny and caustic , this is everything a documentary should be .
Super Size Me is essentially the perfect documentary ...
One of the most terrifying reality checks I 've ever seen , predominantly horrifying yet frequently hilarious -LRB- that Spurlock 's girlfriend is a Vegan chef is the topper -RRB- .
At once hugely entertaining -- and hugely scary .
The real power of this film will be felt for years to come .
Excellent and engaging documentary .
-LSB- B -RSB- ig thumbs up . This was one of the most talked about films at Sundance , and I can understand why .
When a documentary can not only sinfully entertain & inform on your greatest suspicions & worst fears but also change your life , that 's a feat that few parents can accomplish .
Half comedy and half gastronomical tragedy , Super Size Me is absolutely one of the most enjoyable documentaries I 've ever seen . Yeah , ever .
Thanks to Spurlock 's oversized and buoyant personality and some pretty nifty filmmaking , the results are as entertaining as they are sobering .
What could have been just an anti-fast food screed is instead a remarkably watchable , high-spirited , persuasive film that is as entertaining as it is alarming .
A hilarious and often terrifying look at the effects of fast food on the human body .



















@highlight

Entertaining doc about the adverse effects of eating fast food .