This is a bonkers , inventive , peculiar , perfectly lean and beautiful film by the auteur Peter Strickland . It is probably the most European thing I 've ever seen , except for Nymphomaniac .
This is not a movie about the things two lovers do to each other physically , it 's about communication and intimacy and power , and how we wield those things for and against each other .
There are so many thoughts in Burgundy , but humanity only comes out in glimpses . It 's worth it to stay awake .
The Duke of Burgundy is exquisite stuff .
The Duke of Burgundy is that rare thing that almost every movie promises , yet fails to deliver : it is something that you 've never seen before .
Some of the most sophisticated filmmaking of the year married to one of the most humane , insightful stories .
It 's a visceral experience that begs multiple viewings not to necessarily understand meaning , but to wrap your head around the abstraction .
It would be interesting to see how a daring female filmmaker would follow the story 's fetishized elements toward their logical trajectories .
This is a very well acted movie with an interesting plot . The relationship between Cynthia and Evelyn is very complicated and interesting .
The core of psychological believability is what lifts Duke out of the category of `` pretty pastiche . ''
The Duke of Burgundy has many deeper , richer shades of complexity than the Hollywood bodice-ripper currently exercising control of the box-office .
Dressing these everyday anxieties in bondage gear gives the movie an undercurrent of droll humor , which becomes part of its sneaky appeal .
Drawing artfully from a tradition of European erotic films of the 1970s , Strickland has fashioned a provocative parable about power and sexuality , ageing and love . Plus , it 's deliciously kinky .
The Duke of Burgundy is like Fifty Shades of Grey as staged by Masterpiece Theater .
It will appeal to a limited group of high cinephiles , and those who always got off on the kind of fantasy soft-porn the film so dutifully replicates , and most of all , to the subset of folk who are both . That would be me .
The women carry it off with aplomb , especially D'Anna , whose big brown eyes and pouty lips convey perfectly her character 's needy obsequiousness .
It 's a visually rich , tactile film with two beautifully observed , subtle performances at its centre .
The Duke of Burgundy is a treat for both the senses and the intellect .
An arresting piece of cinema .
It 's not about exploring the outer boundaries of kink , as in Fifty Shades , but exploring the outer boundaries of fantasy itself , into the territory where exciting sexual roles must give way to the everyday intimacy of the real world .
The movie is intriguingly observant and comical but only up to a point .
-LSB- Peter Strickland 's -RSB- new movie has more going on than cinematic mind games .
Sam Taylor-Johnson , buy a ticket : The Duke of Burgundy shows us how you tackle BDSM .
Burgundy is a keen pastiche of 1970s Euro-sleaze and high art , and looks amazing on the big screen , calmly florid , precise yet bonkers , bristling with detail . It 's preposterous , delirious and delicious .
A surprisingly subtle take on aging and the changing roles in a relationship .
There 's voyeurism , fetishism , bondage , lingerie and high-flown naughtiness galore , but that 's hardly the movie 's most conspicuous achievement .
The Duke of Burgundy is no mere style exercise or slavish homage . Strickland finds both humour and pathos in the situation of Cynthia and Evelyn , who are every bit as trapped as the insects they collect and catalogue .
A remarkable and unusual film ...
Stylistically , The Duke of Burgundy is an aesthete 's dream - meticulously refined , delicate as a fritillary 's wing .
The filmmaking craft is admirable , but the story never commands the audience do its bidding .
A funny , melancholy and peculiarly haunting exploration of an S&M relationship between two women .
The Duke of Burgundy , as well as being a loving homage to an antique genre of soft-core porn , shows how difficult it can be , not just making fantasy work but simply being with another person ...
An odd film , with a butterfly motif I still have n't worked out .
Director Peter Strickland offers an affectionate , impeccably crafted salute to continental soft porn films of the 1970s crossed with something intense , theatrical and closely related to Jean Genet 's The Maids .
Peter Strickland 's wryly subversive S&M fantasy is everything that Fifty Shades of Grey is n't .
A meticulously choreographed erotic theatre .
There is confrontational content here , and gasp-out-loud moments , but the surprises are in the ideas and themes Strickland lays bare , rather than envelope-pushing visuals .
This is voyeurism of a brilliant , deeply refined order . If the MPAA had a shot at rating Strickland 's fantasy , they would try to condemn it without being able to explain why .
Of course , this is a film you have to meet half-way . If you 're willing to enter its world , it 's an immensely rewarding , amusing , wise , melancholy and involving experience .
Peter Strickland 's sumptuous , all-female S&M fable is the director 's greatest film to date .
D'Anna and Knudsen maintain a fantastic hauteur . Both lingerie and perfume are mentioned in the credits . Some may find all this a little arousing . Such reactions are allowed .
With a 1970s style so florid that you can almost smell it , we 're not surprised that there 's a credit for perfume in this film 's opening titles ...
The movie inhales the lost aroma of Ingmar Bergman 's Persona and Joseph Losey movies such as The Servant and Accident , and also looks like an agile homage to the arthouse eroticism of Walerian Borowczyk at his most preposterous .
Peter Strickland follows up his chilly giallo-horror Berberian Sound Studio with something altogether warmer and sweeter - though no less strange .
It wo n't be for everyone , but Burgundy is rich , dark and could well lead to intoxication .
A tiny , tasteful throwback to more innocent times , when actresses with exotic names would strip off their costumes while embracing far-fetched scenarios - and one another .
It 's an impressive achievement : the rendering of a private and extremely particular world in terms that any lover will understand .
The Duke of Burgundy is a film that 's all style with hints of substance , and it never materializes into anything more than visionary gimmicks .
Strickland 's skill is in how quickly he normalizes the proceedings , neither condescending to his characters nor using their inclinations for cheap laughs .
The Duke of Burgundy is visually , audibly , and sensually stimulating . Its reverberating soundtrack is absolutely exceptional . Peter Strickland 's latest will likely be everything Fifty Shades of Grey dreams and aims to be and then some .
A deliciously deviant romp into sexual adventure grounded in the real life struggle for enduring intimacy .
As an homage , it 's visually and thematically gratifying , and on its own merits it 's scarily effective as well .
`` The Duke of Burgundy '' is exquisite to look at , but it succeeds best as a human drama , and a searching investigation of how to ask for what you want - and maybe even getting it in the end .
Embraces extremes in a fashion that will put off a lot of people . Yet the approach enhances the essence of what is in fact quite an ordinary relationship .
Sexy stuff . In the deepest sense . Unhealthy erotic stimulation for the mind .
This is another psychological portrait , but of a shared psychology , one facing great strife . Bondage coming undone .
While Strickland 's films already are n't like anyone else 's , his real secret is that even in this strange constructed world , his characters feel like real people struggling with issues that are n't exotic at all .
Portentous images of insects both living and preserved are as heavy-handed as the erotic psychology is flimsy ; the movie is as sexy as a chess game and as insightful as a catalogue .
... rewards patience and defies expectation by refusing to become the type of exploitative erotic exercise that it initially appears to embrace .
Proceed with care . If you 're in the mood for something different ... something possibly completely different ... this will fill the bill .
... trust in this auteur as `` The Duke of Burgundy '' blossoms into a louche hothouse Gothic that plays like Dario Argento 's `` Celine and Julie Go Boating '' or Peter Greenaway 's `` Angels and Insects . ''
Nothing if not a mood piece , but amid its atmospherics and winking asides , it 's also a fascinating portrait of a relationship .
It 's a love story , and also a perversely sincere -LRB- and sincerely perverse -RRB- labor of love .
Strickland hides much beneath the surface in The Duke of Burgundy , but the movie is also a delight to look upon ...
The real problem with the film is a gradual mood switch that , for me , did n't work at all .
The Duke of Burgundy is a deeply eccentric filigree of a film , as aesthetically refined a piece of cinematic artifice as I 've seen in ages .
A lush lesbian romance that marries eroticized energy and relationship role-playing concerns to hypnotic ends .
Leaves plenty to think about , but it 'd be just as rewarding to turn off your mind and let the sounds and images wash over you like lapping waves .
At its core , this is one of the most incisive , penetrating , and empathetic films ever made about what it truly means to love another person , audaciously disguised as salacious midnight-movie fare .
A complex and ultimately moving essay on the privileges of victimhood and the nuances of what it means to suffer for love .
You get the sense that if Strickland had set his movie on some suburban couch in Brooklyn , it would work just as well .
A totally absorbing art-film .
It 's a funny , insightful , extraordinarily beautiful love story about the generosity and compromise needed to sustain a long-term relationship .
Peter Strickland charges full-tilt into the objectifying whims of his fantasies in order to somehow reach the other end of perception , which acknowledges the ultimate empathetic limitations of said fantasies .
Far from being mere pastiche or parody , the film manifests Strickland 's rigorous regard for the form and determination to both honor and elevate it .
Like a lush Ingmar Bergman chamber piece with a touch Jess Franco style sensuality , one could say The Duke of Burgundy is a kinky cross between the seminal S&M sendup Secretary and the most dazzling homage to giallo in recent years , Amer .
A sensual , strange and utterly compelling romance .
An act of cinephilic homage that transcends pastiche to become its own uniquely sensuouscinematic object ...
The Duke of Burgundy tears down the facade of a sadomasochist relationship , exposing the vulnerability and crippling anxiety behind the leather and lasciviousness , while tempering its turmoil with a surprising amount of wit .
Groundhog Day -LRB- 1993 -RRB- as filtered through the visual language of Jess Franco or Jean Rollin 's erotic oeuvre - a saucy theme & its minor variations that together modulate the ambiguous & ever-changing dynamics of these women 's evolving relationship .
Despite its appearance of art-house grandeur and aloofness the subtle humour and wonderful leads prevent The Duke of Burgundy from being over-pretentious .
Peter Strickland confirms his growing reputation as the champion of notoriously disreputable genres with The Duke Of Burgundy .
Visually ravishing , emotionally wise , and kinky as a coiled rope , writer-director Peter Strickland 's third feature The Duke of Burgundy is a delight .
The film twists and sways like a rattlesnake , drawing you in before drawing blood .
A midnight movie for the smart set , the latest from up-and-coming filmmaker Peter Strickland is a beautiful puzzle .
The Duke of Burgundy is mostly light and playful , an exploration into an unusual relationship that rarely borders on exotizing female sexuality .
The Duke of Burgundy is both a vertiginously styled relationship movie and an erotic fable about being in a relationship -LRB- the fear of routine , of boredom , of limits -RRB- .
Burgundy is heavy with feeling .
Sexy , funny , beguiling , and above all , humane , The Duke of Burgundy does for erotic euro-lesbian thrillers what Under the Skin did for sci-fi .
A work of immense and intense emotional vigor , sprinkled with fun-loving traits and intellectually stimulating prowess , `` The Duke of Burgundy '' is the stuff dreams are made of .
The most beautiful thing about The Duke of Burgundy - no small feat given the incredible performances and impeccable visual design - is that Strickland appears to be using our expectations to say something genuinely lovely and cathartic about love .
Never in all of cinema has the mashing of panties against a face been quite so fraught with genuine emotion .

@highlight

Stylish , sensual , and smart , The Duke of Burgundy proves that erotic cinema can have genuine substance .