... a horror film by definition-an isolated family in rural America cloisters its teenage daughters in a religion/ritual that reaches back to their starving forefathers who turned to cannibalism to survive a harsh frontier-but a family drama at heart .
A provocative film about the horrors we can find within the usual comforts of family and tradition .
Another welcome entry in the ongoing revival of horror movies that rely on character and setting rather than shock and gore to chill audiences to the marrow .
And sometimes we are who we eat .
Remakes may get a lot of stick in Hollywood , as filmmakers can be accused of being somewhat lazy and uncreative in that regard .
An ambitious -LRB- if somewhat uneven -RRB- slice of downbeat American gothic which interweaves grim melancholia with pointed satire , doomy portent and moments of gnawing revulsion .
Some of the film is gruesome in the extreme but there is always lyricism and pathos alongside the bloodletting .
Mickle and co-writer Nick Damici give themselves plenty of time to tease out their themes and ladle on the tension .
Jim Mickle 's savvy re-imagining of the 2010 Mexican art-house horror marks a quantum leap forward in maturity and style for the Stake Land director .
Who can resist a good cannibal movie ?
Another pointless remake .
A rare example of a remake that is as good as , if not better , than the original .
Stupendously dull : dull with that blend of overloaded effect and under-supplied affect that bad horror alone truly offers .
Even though this is an extremely well-made film , it 's difficult to know who will enjoy it , as it 's far too arty for horror genre fans and much too grisly for arthouse moviegoers .
This social-realist take on the cannibal sub-genre makes for a surprising lyrical and quietly profound piece of filmmaking .
A shrug of a movie .
Mickle prizes credible characterisation above everything else , and casts extremely good actors , who succeed in making the Parker clan feel both frail and somehow stuck out of time , like freak survivors from the 19th century .
An atmospheric cannibalism horror featuring an impressive performance by Julia Garner , but it 's let down by a slow first act , weak dialogue and an unsuitable score .
Mickle has fashioned a melancholy American Gothic tale set deep among bleak , misty mountains .
A superb grief-soaked horror set in a desperated , godless universe , WAWWA is unnverving and moving in equal measures , easily eclipsing the original .
A crunching , visceral transplant for this cannibal tale from its urban Mexican setting to an American milieu .
Genre fans wanting more gore and less fancy atmospherics will have their gratification delayed but certainly not denied .
Barely mediocre but at least worth the watch for the finale , alone .
a taught , tense genre film
This existential disquiet and melancholy prove welcome antidotes to the tiresome ` Look ! Surprise ! ' brand of horror that 's currently in vogue .
If nothing else , director Jim Mickle should be commended for his subversive attempt to turn his slow-burn cannibal horror flick into a moody meditation on matriarchal power and the uncompromising demands of tradition .
The horror thriller We Are What We Are earns its chills gradually , turning the knob on our nerves so imperceptibly that you may not notice until , by the bloody conclusion , you 're prying your fingernails from the armrests .
A family implodes with a biting commentary on patriarchy .
It 's really a movie about family and obligation , and that 's what makes it scary .
This looks like a horror movie that Terrence Malick might have made -- assuming that Malick went off the deep end .
We Are What We Are is built around sloppy yet fantastic kills with a fairly satisfying explanation for everything , but it jerks the viewer around with awkward jumps in violence and its overbearing tepidness shouts over everything else in the film .
`` We Are What We Are '' is such a patient , trusting film it may take you a while to figure out it 's a horror film .
Works as not only a compliment to the original , but also as an impressive complement .
We Are What We Are has elevated the horror genre into first-class moviemaking .
Stylishly macabre .
The cast is uniformly excellent -- including an extended cameo by Top Gun 's Kelly McGillis , QT regular Michael Parks , and genre director Larry Fessenden -- and is buoyed by a particularly unobtrusive yet unsettling score from Jeff Grace and Darren Morris .
We Are What We Are does n't waste time with cheap scares . Mickle keeps his story on a steady , slow simmer , transporting us minute by minute into the very heart of dread .
There 's some fun to be had , as long as your idea of fun includes being grossed out .
The movie stays elegantly restrained just long enough for the true horror of what they 're doing to sink in .
A campy and sometimes elegant American Gothic horror story .
The original was nothing special , but at least it had a sense of humor and a modicum of social insight .
An intelligent , surprisingly mature gothic drama where the human capacity for inhumanity grabs us by our collective throats with such realism that this story could have been gleaned from the front pages of local newspapers .
A horror film that takes considerable risks and generally makes them work .
Both an excellent choice for a movie and a lousy choice for dinner and a movie .
it 's about transformation and transgression , and , when all 's said and done , it 's about family .
Mickle 's script , co-written by `` Stake Land '' star Nick Damici , could have used some tightening . Ride it out . There 's a demented climax waiting on the other side .
The movie saves most of its modest number of jolts for its last quarter or so , which makes them all the more intense . They stick in your craw - and be warned , they 're not for the squeamish .
We Are What We Are pits the ideas of personal choice against the influence of our upbringing in a story that simmers slowly until coming to an explosive boil , overflowing with savage brutality .
This deliberately paced remake of the superior 2010 Mexican film of the same name has some stylish atmospheric touches , although it could use more of the twisted sense of humor it only flashes in spurts .
One of the more remarkable horror films of late-one that does not rely on sudden shocks or outrageous gore to get under the skin of its viewers .
Mickle and Damici have come up with a couple of very imaginative details to adorn their tale , but in the end the story itself feels preordained , everything slowly unfurling exactly how you 'd expect
We 're starved for adult horror that 's this mature and sure-footed , and when it does come along , we have to sing its praises out loud . This is a wonderful , riveting , unsettling film .
Worth a look for horror fans possessing the patience required to process its heady themes . For those brave souls , the reward is a film with the power not only to get under your skin , but to prompt deep discussion about the pitfalls of human nature .
Despite the occasional failure of the film to let the atmosphere and subtle performances stand unadorned , We Are What We Are is an impressive entry from director Mickle .
`` We Are What We Are '' is a first-rate example of good storytelling and well-timed - while not excessive - gore .
An unusually thoughtful , even compassionate , and well-done horror tale .
A rich , dark horror movie with a pervasive atmosphere of dread and corruption .
We Are What We Are will satiate your hunger for palpable suspense , horror and intrigue . It 's one of most effectively terrifying remakes in years .
If , in the end , it does n't really work , there 's still plenty to admire in the gothic exploration of the timeless conflict between family tradition and modernity .
Mickle never seems in a hurry , so there is time to take note of the detail . `` We Are '' is rich in that regard .
It 's all a little silly , but Mr. Mickle 's restrained gravity stifles the impulse to laugh .
At 72 , Parks turns in one of the most tender performances of his career - before reminding us , in the end , that he 's still a guy who can sit across a table and make you tremble in fear with a stony gaze .
A -LSB- horror -RSB- film where ambiance , glossy imagery and performance are more effective than the splatter .
In We Are What We Are , an Americanized , more methodically plotted version of the 2010 Mexican shocker ... Jim Mickle really brings the goods .
Plays less like a contemporary horror film than an increasingly gruesome drama , building to a climax-completely original to this version-where the movie 's core themes are expressed through grotesque imagery .
It 's a sinister , wistful and even sad portrait of one family that has followed the insanity and bloodthirstiness of American history into a dark corridor with no exit .
Outside of its cracked psychology -LRB- well conveyed by papa Bill Sage -RRB- , We Are What We Are is horror leftovers , neither inedible nor piping hot .
It is n't until the ending , which turns the squirm amplifier up to 11 and exceeded even my horrific expectations , that we finally see the story 's potential realized .
One of the best American horror films of the year .
Jim Mickle plays the scenario deadly straight and unintentionally exposes all of its attendant absurdities , leaving the cast stranded .
The film looks picturesque as can be , is well-acted , and very smartly plotted .
despite the film 's aqueous motifs of rain , showers , floods and tears , here in the end blood runs thicker than water .
Like all good horror stories Mickle 's film is really about something else , and the two female leads give terrific performances as cloistered teenagers struggling to come to terms with their place in their world .
We Are What We Are is just a great yarn , well-acted , elegantly shot and put together cleverly so that even its more visceral delights feel well-earned .
The doom , the gloom , and the horrific truth kept just out of the audience 's reach make the build up in We Are What We Are a potent motion picture , and Mickle films it with genuine class and moderation .
We Are What We Are devours expectations even as it satisfies the best of them .
We Are What We Are is a re-make that succeeds superbly while remaining true to the strange and sad intimately grotesque spirit of the original .
The film is stunningly beautiful , and Ryan Samul 's work here as cinematographer is impressive and overwhelming throughout .
There are some terrific performances in this film , most notably from Childers and Garner , who move seamlessly from wide-eyed naivete to fierce protectiveness . And man , is this a gorgeous , well-put together film .
Genre buffs will dig in with gusto .
A refreshingly mature genre entry that plants queasy dread and unleashes a good dose of scares , tempering its gruesome bloodshed by wrapping it in serious-mindedness .
For horror fans who prefer their terrors served cold , this is a tense , unsettling experience that offers very little gore but nonetheless knows how to turn the stomach .
We Are What We Are is a film that ought to feel like an amusement park terror ride , but instead comes off as a poor attempt at fine art .
This will , without question , be one of the best horror films of 2013 .

@highlight

A compelling story cleverly told , We Are What We Are quenches horror buffs ' thirst for gore while serving up serious-minded filmmaking and solid acting .