Succeeds in being passable romance comedy entertainment .
Designed as an ultimate revenge fantasy `` John Tucker Must Die '' is a moderately funny teen comedy with a few flashes of bawdy humor .
Rarely has a title promised so much , and delivered so little . John Tucker Must Die is toothless , gormless , witless , and , worst of all , deathless .
A high-school revenge comedy that aims at a teen audience yet manages to be witty without being snarky or sophomoric .
Betty Thomas 's sloppy storytelling and comic incompetence can be forgiven but to portray young women as flighty airheads obsessed with boys over all else is downright offensive .
Buoyed by its good looking cast and entertaining script , John Tucker Must Die is witty and funny , as it reminds us that it is cool to be yourself - whoever you are .
Had it mined edgier territory and stuck to its guns , it would 've proven a more engaging vehicle than the mild laugher we have here
A load of formulaic nonsense that should still turn a few young heads thanks to its fantasy plot and Jesse Metcalfe 's chest .
Not quite in the league of Mean Girls but this is still an enjoyably silly teen revenge comedy with strong performances and a witty , likeable script .
Not the worst of its kind , but few over the age of 14 will find it worth forking out for .
John Tucker will surely die and be quickly forgotten .
It functions well as a guilty pleasure that has some smile-worthy gags alongside the occasional Farrelly Brothers style gross-out moment .
Painless but forgettable .
John Tucker Must Die will undoubtedly fade into obscurity like so many silly and sentimental teen comedies before it . It 's no wonder that the genre has turned to sex with apple pies and the like in an effort to distinguish itself .
Here 's an average teen movie with a predictable , but often entertaining , spin on revenge .
Criticizing a summer teen movie for not being high art is like yelling at a sociopath for being a serial killer .
Tucker is strictly for the teen crowd , but the intermittent waves of witty fun are to die for .
When we have savvy , smart TV shows like Veronica Mars , which perfectly and cleverly capture the angst and tribulations of high school life , there 's absolutely no need for empty-headed , vapid movies like this .
This is one of those films that manages to overcome the limitations of it 's genre and become something a bit more .
The material is often trite , but director Thomas and her attractive cast make it seem fresh most of the time .
If we 're going to abandon any sense of storytelling or intelligence , could n't we at the very least do it with cheerful cardboard cutouts ? Nice people can be dumb too .
very slight ... predictable
An out-of-touch and insincere teen product .
Cliche ridden and bland
Its storyline is very predictable and cliché but teen girls will no doubt have a good time with this movie anyway . Parents on the other hand -LRB- especially dads out there -RRB- , who get stuck in theater with their kids , may want to bring a flask with them to help
This one suffers from a bad case of predictability . It 's also hard to believe , mostly because cast members look too old to be high school students .
A teen comedy version of a woman scorned that turns out to be a celebration of a chauvinist who triumphs in the end .
John Tucker does n't really have to die but he should be relegated to obscurity on the video shelf .
Idiotic , unimaginative , lazy and tedious to boot , John Tucker Must Die should be more of a wishful command than a simple-minded title to a klutzy comedy .
Tepid teen revenge fantasy
The jokes are obvious and unfunny , the storyline goes nowhere that 's interesting or unexpected , and the only chemistry happens in a science lab .
A slightly warped edge keeps us engaged with the simplistic characters and goofy situations .
John Tucker Must Die is trying to be Mean Girls with a more pointed purpose , but it 's less fun than it sounds .
Teen comedies are notoriously predictable , and screenwriter Jeff Lowell is n't out to rock the genre boat , but his smartly written dialogue and the infectious charm of the cast , particularly Snow and Metcalfe , add up to a winning combination .
... a dreary female revenge timewaster that steals from so many and returns so little .
Despite the hypocrisy at its core , John Tucker is entertaining in a synthetic way : The script is funny and knowing .
... longtime director Betty Thomas shows that she 's still got the pulse of teenage angst , bringing out strong performances from every one of the ensemble cast .
This one will probably appeal to its target audience , which is young enough not to have tired of watching cat fights and food fights .
... a timid , screamingly unfunny rip-off of Heathers ...
Unless an hour and a half of fart jokes , catfights , sexist gags , and boys in thongs is your thing , do humanity a favor and do n't give the producers of this crud a dime .
... the movie loses its meanness in its last third , a cop-out that robs it of the reason for making it and giving it such a nasty title
This comedy about four high-school girls getting revenge on a triple-timing jock strikes the poses of a teen sex comedy , but it contains no sex and hardly any comedy .
... slightly smarmy .
... a dispiriting revenge fantasy engineered by three waspish Barbies against one disposable Ken .
As tasty as a quart of s'mores , John Tucker Must Die is a slumber-party classic that belongs on the same shelf as Bring It On and 10 Things I Hate About You .
Jeff Lowell 's slapdash script is as phony as Beth 's trendy animal activism , but it does offer plenty of easy laughs .
In the end , John Tucker is a lot like high school : I 'll look back on it with a smile , but I 'm glad it 's behind me .
... John Tucker Must Die is clever enough to avoid the places you expect it to end up , occasionally racy without being trashy , inventive in its torture .
Teen airhead comedy does n't get much nastier , or lazier , than John Tucker Must Die .
While it 's no Heathers ... there are some truly dark and funny moments throughout with director Betty Thomas , setting just about the right tone .
Hopeful cinephiles might long for pitch-black satire a la Heathers ... but this by-the-book high school revenge comedy has the spine of a wet ramen noodle .
... it 's so tediously formulaic , it never feels like more than a fourth-generation photocopy of the John Hughes template .
... a teen payback comedy that squanders any potential it might have had on the altar of that all-important teen desire : It wants us to think it 's cute .
This idiotic teen comedy settles for being silly and cutesy when just a little bit of snarkiness -LRB- a la Mean Girls -RRB- could have saved it .
-LSB- A -RSB- tart-tongued mediocrity .
John Tucker Must Die is n't half bad . It 's about two-fifths bad , mostly toward the incoherent ending , but that ratio is ... well , not bad .
There 's something mildly charming about this cheerful revenge comedy 's lack of any straightforward moral agenda .
This one is like watching 100 minutes of acne .
There is nothing more depressing than watching a good movie fall to pieces with a sudden thwack ! to the side of the head , especially a movie you 'd anticipated beforehand was going to be pretty dreadful .
Starting with the fact that its `` high school students '' look closer to 30 than 16 , John Tucker Must Die is a film out of joint .
In the typical vein of high school teen movies full of joie de vivre , John Tucker Must Die is unadulterated fluff . Derivative but somewhat amusing .
John Tucker Must Die is n't as good as it could have been , especially with veteran comedy director Betty Thomas at the helm . However , it 's not terrible , either .
-LSB- A -RSB- glossy , enjoyable comic fantasy ...
... a gender-reversed youth variant on In the Company of Men -- sans skill , satire or point .
Despite a bold and promising title , John Tucker Must Die lacks the courage of its convictions .
It 's not grating the way many of its genre are , and the pandering it does to its teenage female audience seems good-natured , not cynical .
Bless her heart , but Thomas is a 58 year-old director making a movie that is meant for tween slumber parties . It 's an uphill battle she ca n't fight in good faith , leaving Tucker a dreary , autopilot directing job .
The direction by Betty Thomas is snappy and bright ... -LRB- but -RRB- the film lacks the nerve for any genuinely nasty fun or comic bite .
Made for teenagers and they 'll be seeing it no matter what we say . I would too if I was 16 and saw the poster . Wait for the DVD .
After a riotous opening fifteen minutes , John Tucker Must Die quickly settles into a groove that is sporadically funny but often forced .
some of the most entertaining trailers and commercials of the year , but they should have hired that editor to make the whole movie
It 's not really John Tucker who must die . But we ought to lay his tired teen-movie premise to rest .
Ca n't make up its mind whether to be Mean Girls or Sixteen Candles , opting instead for a mixture of the two that does n't really gel .
As a teen comedy , this one is both sweet and funny , without being raunchy . Surely there is a place in the world for innocent little films like this . Let 's hope so .
Do n't die , just go away . ... Where 's John Hughes when we need him ?
The broad , lazy humor only sporadically elicits chuckles .
Despite doing its best to jiggle , giggle and ogle its way into a niche somewhere between Heathers and American Pie , it becomes just another forgettable pastiche of sight gags and pop-culture references .
There is exactly one worthwhile sequence in the movie , the bit where the trio slip him a bottle of estrogen pills before a game , transforming him into a distraught , emotionally unstable crybaby .
Despite its various shortcomings , John Tucker is n't a terrible movie . It just is n't terribly funny or terribly interesting , although I suspect that its intended audience wo n't mind very much .
These ladies say ` John Tucker ' so much you wonder if they think that 's his first name .
Though the movie strays deep and often into saccharine country , the filmmakers treat the characters with more respect than teen protagonists normally get in Hollywood .
If one is interested in seeing everything that 's wrong with movies today -- from cynical marketing to the creative poverty of contemporary screenwriting -- Tucker provides one-stop shopping .
It 's got smarts , snark and simple sweet-and-sour goodness .
The performers are a bright bunch .
One of the unheralded guilty pleasures of inane teen sex comedies comes from watching middle-aged filmmakers haplessly attempt to gauge the pulse of teen America .
The flick 's girl-power aesthetic frequently gets lost in the madcap shuffle of elaborate , high-tech adventures that are far beyond the capabilities of actual teens .
Ostensibly , he 's been caught dating three pretty girls at the same time , but , really , is that a big deal ? Well , no , according to this confused female-disempowerment flick .
The title 's difficult to argue with , unless it 's to maintain that we 'd all be better off if the film 's entire roster of characters had been shot in the head at the dump , greyhound-style .
The film 's sheer technical ineptitude seems almost intentional , bordering on avant-garde expressiveness .






@highlight

This derivitive teen comedy tries to go for cute when it could use more bite .