Despite the film 's tendency to shy away from deeper questions of motivation , Curry 's storytelling is well-structured and strangely compelling . I found myself rooting for Vandyke - and thanking my lucky stars that I was not in his place .
What makes the film worthwhile is that VanDyke realises he 's self obsessed and reveals he was n't alone in covering his own glory .
An OCD American 's bold quest for manhood -- but why does it have to be filmed to count ?
It turns a narcissist 's homemade adventure videos into a fascinating hall of mirrors .
An account of an OCD American misfit whose desire to take up arms in a foreign land seems more driven by his self-proclaimed `` crash course in manhood '' than geopolitical conviction .
Marshall Curry 's documentary is like a cross between The Motorcycle Diaries and Walter Mitty with some Lawrence of Arabia thrown in for good measure .
VanDyke likes dressing up in military fatigues and playing with guns , to no useful effect other than filming it all in one long selfie on his camera .
It is n't convincing .
A strange story that 's no less disturbing for its unbalanced telling .
Adventurer , narcissist or both ? Marshall Curry 's riveting study of a momma 's boy turned freedom fighter never editorialises , leaving us to decide .
Some of the footage succeeds in presenting the real dangers VanDyke put himself in , but it 's telling that the most potent moment is the camera-phone video of a blood-drenched Gaddafi being caught by rebels while trying to flee .
As a study of one man 's narcissistic motivations , Curry 's film is taut but the bigger picture remains frustratingly out of reach .
The film dismayingly replicates VanDyke 's blithe US-centric world view
The story of Matt VanDyke , as told in the fascinating documentary `` Point and Shoot , '' is a vivid illustration of the ups and downs of reinvention .
... -LSB- VanDyke 's -RSB- behavior suggest he believes that the world in general , and the Libyan Civil War in particular , exist primarily for his own benefit .
Point and Shoot is a study of overcompensation .
The film is entirely fascinating but made me feel somehow deeply unclean .
In addition to being a knotty psychological portrait , this raises some tough questions about America 's presence in the Middle East and the influence of social media on contemporary politics .
For better or worse , this is an affluent American 's view of the world , and in the post-mortem interview segments , director Marshall Curry does little to broaden the conversation .
Curry is merciless in his splendidly edited , stark take on VanDyke 's self-professed `` crash course in manhood . '' Where lies the bright line between zealotry , narcissism and deadly idealism ? Curry teases , taunts , describes .
Point and Shoot is as much about the collective movement toward Me-ism as it is about VanDyke 's assiduously self-crafted journey . Either way , it makes for a great story .
Certainly interesting and aware , and if one can get past Matthew 's snoozy , aggressively detached demeanor , it might actually achieve a moderate sense of importance .
A thought-provoking look at a meek life that veered in unpredictable directions .
You could look at the movie simply as a remarkable adventure tale , but if there 's a larger point , it 's not crystal clear .
VanDyke is an interesting enough character that it would n't surprise me to see a fictional version of his life made at some point , one with bigger and better production values .
The latest documentary from Marshall Curry -LRB- Oscar nominated for Street Fight and If a Tree Falls : The Story of the Earth Liberation Front -RRB- is a simple tale that 's anything but .
VanDyke might have set out to give himself a crash course in manhood , but `` Point and Shoot '' gives us a crash course in the myriad and contradictory things the word has come to mean .
The whole of the `` Point and Shoot '' is greater than the sum of its parts and deserves attention .
A subtle indictment of our universal belief that what 's good for the Kardashians is good for the gander .
It poses questions about the meaning of masculinity , adulthood , and identity in a culture in which experience is reduced to image - nothing is real unless it has been recorded , and everything that is recorded is just a performance .
Point and Shoot is a riveting documentary and a disturbing portrait of a pampered American 's `` crash course in manhood . ''
Spoiled , self-obsessed , VanDyke only achieves brief flickers of awareness in his quest to complete the `` crash course in manhood '' that eventually led him to fight alongside Libyan rebels in 2011 .
Is it bravery or vanity that brings a sheltered Baltimore 20-something halfway across the world to film himself fighting in a war in which he has no perceptible stake ?
Finally , a combat documentary that gets at the appeal war has to the young and testosterone-fueled .
A curious documentary by Oscar-nominated filmmaker Marshall Curry that makes interesting observations about contemporary thrill seekers .
As Curry jumps between his interview , Vandyke 's footage , and eventually news broadcasts , you may find your impression of his subject in flux . It 's a great psychological portrait , even as we 're always aware of image modeling .
Never mind that the Libyan civil war still rages - we 've got an American to celebrate .
An essential , fascinating critique -- and product -- of our `` look at me '' culture .
Whatever motivation Matt VanDyke had for fighting in Libya , his example is far more laudable than what American fighting men do in the name of `` defending democracy '' .
More often than not , Curry does n't give us much to judge his subject by beyond anecdotal details and non-committal introspection .
The film speaks to the inner child in every latter-day Walter Mitty who fantasizes a life of swashbuckling adventure . You might even view it as a self-produced Hollywood screen test .
It 's deceptively simple , allowing one person to tell a story both out of this world and extremely problematic - or , if you will , really , honestly and problematically heroic .
The director never provides any greater sense of what deeper , more twisted effects -LSB- Vandyke 's -RSB- cinematographic project is having on surrounding events , or on Vandyke .
VanDyke refers to the Libyan conflict as `` the most filmed war in history , '' yet that claim does n't cheapen his footage , the extraordinary access of which is marred only by its shooter 's limited perspective .
`` Point and Shoot '' is a compelling account of an ordinary guy who transformed himself through extraordinary circumstance .
The millionth movie about an American having adventures abroad and then finding himself , or whatever . If that was the point , maybe the movie 's actually brilliant .
-LSB- A -RSB- suspenseful , densely edited five-year chronicle .
In abandoning a more vigorous discussion of class and race-based senses of entitlement , Marshall Curry reveals his goals to be less critical or rigid than passively honorific .
Curry honestly reveals the lines that VanDyke kept crossing , from motorcycle daredevil , citizen journalist , enabler of preening guys with guns , to gonzo revolutionary .
A film that would seriously challenge anything Hollywood could come up with .
Via his subject 's idiosyncracies ... Curry starts to weave a subtle , but nonetheless eloquent critique not just of one man 's compulsions , but a culture 's .
Curry stands out as a smart and subtly persuasive filmmaker . He 's right on target in his handling of VanDyke 's story and the film is a bull 's eye .
This is not simply a document , it is an entire life .
I felt like a dramatized version might be the better movie , but so much of VanDyke 's real story is captured and it 's some of the most powerful footage you 'll see all year .

@highlight

Thrilling and thought-provoking , Point and Shoot captures one man 's fascinating -- if troublingly narcissistic -- `` crash course in manhood . ''