Overwrought comedy .
Demi Moore and Parker Posey play polar-opposite sisters dealing with their aging father -LRB- Rip Torn -RRB- who 's showing signs of senility , soiling himself and shacking up with his `` nurse '' -LRB- Ellen Barkin -RRB- .
It 's rarely dull and confidently guided by the cast , but it offers little in the way of overall impact , despite creative visual flourishes and a screenplay rooted in the devastating game of personal reflection . It 's cold to the touch .
one of those awkwardly pretentious attempts to seem hip and profound by simply depicting people acting really goofy
Reminds one of how bad American independent films ... can be .
You do n't necessarily believe these are real folks but boy they sure are entertaining .
Sometimes dysfunctional families are better kept for personal consumption rather than being unleashed on the world at large .
A cringe-inducing , self-consciously kooky indie comedy that 's best enjoyed for its taste of Rip Torn , who , judging by his recent alleged bank break-in , comes to loose-cannon stuff naturally .
Writer and director Mitchell Lichtenstein struggles to find the humor in a host of horrors .
Not all of the subplots work , but with its flights of fancy , strong acting and a cockeyed skew of family dysfunction , Happy Tears most certainly tries .
An oddball family drama with idiosyncratic characters and a handful of surreal scenes .
If the plot unfolded in a less formulaic way , this could have been an impressive dark-tinged comedy . But in the end , it 's more a case of talented actors trying to find something fresh in a fairly stale tale .
Hollywood 's strong female actors have in Lichtenstein a young talent who gives them the roles they deserve .
Happy Tears is a complete mess of a movie , but Lichtenstein conjures some sweet moments and striking metaphors -- and none more striking than Posey 's $ 500 boots , which look either black or blue , given the available light .
What 's worse , the super-tired plot or the pretentious daydream asides ? Despite Demi Moore and Parker Posey , the only time I was happy was when I was leaving the theater .
Realism falls victim to quirk yet again .
It works more often than it does n't , but it never quite goes where you expect . And that 's rare enough to be noteworthy .
Happy Tears settles for the usual moments , even at its quirkiest .
On its way to a climax that ends every plot strand on an unrealistically upbeat and pat note , Happy Tears loses sight of what made the film so engrossing in the first place .
In the role of a dialed-down , capable woman , Demi Moore suggests dramatic possibilities for future roles . She projects a kind of calm , and it 's attractive .
I had better write my review as soon as possible because it 's going to fade from memory pronto -- it bearing such little resemblance to humanity as I know it .
Not even the reliable Posey can salvage this slag heap , and fans of the iconic Indiewood starlet -- Poseyphiles ? Parkerheads ? -- will be especially crestfallen .
A vulgar , happy-as-cancer aberration that takes the dysfunctional family idea to a new low . Whimsical , yes . Happy , never .
Other than the guest-starring appearance of Cy Twombly canvases , nothing distinguishes this poor relation of The Savages from all the other emotionally fraudulent Amerindies about familial dysfunction and reconciliation .
Succeeds only at suggesting the incompatibility of returning-home dramedy and surrealistic flights of fancy .
Lichtenstein dutifully unpacks the family 's unhappy past , but he 's so easily distracted by surreal dream sequences and colorful supporting characters that his main story gradually dries up into a sitcom .
Happy Tears , is simply weird . The funny has gone missing .
Happy Tears is less of a mess than it looks like , despite its quirk-infested , baggy midsection .
The story always feels edgily , sometimes jerkily , unpredictable before surprisingly opting for a conventional wrap .
In this year 's crop of Oscar-nominated shorts , the animated category beats the live-action offerings .
Moore steals Happy Tears by underplaying -- in what may be the warmest performance of her career .



@highlight

Replete with quirky indie cliches , Happy Tears wastes some fine performances from Demi Moore , Parker Posey , and Rip Torn on stale formula .