Tweens in Go-Karts race for glory in lively docu .
It 's impossible to watch these kids struggle in their daily life and not have some rooting interest in their on-track success .
NASCAR enthusiast or not , it 's a universally touching and charming film with the power to capture the heart of any viewer .
Curry 's impressionable , charismatic young subjects are impossible not to care about .
That said , Racing Dreams is one of the rare documentaries you leave wishing it was a little bit longer .
Revealing portrait of 3 very different young people intensely focused on being champions , and the impact of their determination on their devoted families -LRB- and vice versa -RRB- .
If nothing else the racing scenes -- which look terrific , crisp and colorful , like the rest of the film -- will help the childless get in touch with their inner hysterical mother .
At the end of the film 's 93 minutes Curry could have invited me to a frog-sexing competition and I 'd have happily signed on .
Marshall Curry 's sleek documentary captures the second-hand thrill of watching tweens hurtle at 70 mph around a blacktop , as it follows three potential superkarters over the course of a single season .
Directed by Marshall Curry -LRB- whose `` Street Fight , '' about a corrupt Newark mayoral race , nabbed an Academy Award nomination -RRB- , the perceptively balanced `` Dreams '' transitions seamlessly from domestic drama to 70-mph heats .
Curry documents the huge pressure placed on these children not only to succeed on the track , but to raise the money needed to continue .
The journey is thrilling -- even if , on some level , you know that these kids are going in circles .
Nicely captures the milieu of , and the action in , the Go-Kart racing world .
Curry has expertly stitched together a 90-minute triumph in crowd-pleasing , wholesome entertainment .
-LSB- Director Marshall -RSB- Curry , who received an Academy Award for his 2005 documentary Street Fight , captures the pulse pounding excitement of the races throughout the multi-state series .
Marshall Curry 's documentary about three bright , personable youngsters who dream of becoming professional NASCAR drivers is simultaneously a feel-good celebration of youthful optimism and a sobering reminder that not all dreams come true .
A Spellbound or Mad Hot Ballroom for the NASCAR set , Racing Dreams ends up speeding past its niche market and working its magic on anyone with a rooting interest in the dreams and ambitions of this country 's youth .
Reveals a fascinating subculture that is unknown to most moviegoers , where tweens with a need for speed can spend up to 48 weekends a year behind the wheel ...
Even if you consider NASCAR itself a bore , you 'll find this snapshot of what 's often called its version of Little League compulsively watchable .
Marvelously shaped and sharpened by Curry , and teeming with concentrated racetrack suspense , Racing Dreams is a splendid picture that sincerely digs into the various forces that drag this specialized four-wheeled ambition along .
A fast-paced documentary with a straight away formula one storyline . From start to finish , you watch three talented kids putting pedal to metal on the track and in their lives . They 're all winners ! So 's the film !
For casual race fans , Racing Dreams is a real eye-opener . And it 's a darned entertaining way to get a handle on a sport that can seem like a bunch of cars doing circles for a crowd that seems most interested in seeing that next epic wreck .
Racing Dreams makes these kids into our unofficial little brothers and sister for 96 minutes , without much to note beyond their devotion to the sport . It can get a bit redundant but always remains interesting , as young lives take shape on an asphalt oval .
Curry 's just an amazing filmmaker who knows exactly how to pace the movie so it is n't just talking heads ... one of the most riveting and insightful docs you 're likely to see this year
Director Marshall Curry 's film smacks of being too much of a home movie . And the kids ' narration and commentary sometimes seems practiced . But for those whose church is in Talladega , it wo n't matter .
They want to grow up to be NASCAR drivers but first they will grow up to be adults

@highlight

Racing Dreams offers an absorbing peek at the lives of young NASCAR hopefuls that should resonate with racing enthusiasts as well as viewers with no connection to the sport .