For anyone who loves Cronenberg 's work , or meaty historical drama , A Dangerous Method is a treat .
The contrast between the characters ... is very rich , both in the dialogues and in the attitudes . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The film shocks with its sheer stateliness , its almost quiet abstraction of tumultuous melodrama .
A Dangerous Method reveals the emotional violence that bubbles below the surface of Hampton 's witty repartee .
More a romance and study of power than a history of psychoanalysis , the film manages to be reasonably entertaining and very well acted , though psychology buffs will probably find themselves wishing for more substance to the storyline .
-LSB- Keira -RSB- Knightley brilliantly conveys the illness and vulnerability of Spielrein .
But , all in all , the movie is quite good and deserves more than one viewing just to keep up with the enthralling consecutive dialogues and often profound one-liners ...
I wonder why or how this particular collaboration came about . Sometimes , you just have to know when to shut up . Or back out .
There 's way too little danger and too much method in the cushy , tasteful , icy cool A Dangerous Method .
`` A Dangerous Method '' is a deeply political cautionary tale from a staunch atheist about the price of conformity and repression .
These characters ' big brains can never quite control their unruly bodies , and when the sex finally erupts , it 's like something from one of the Canadian filmmaker 's early creature features .
It makes for an absorbing drama and leaves the mustiness of cigars in the theatre .
There are some plays that are meant to remain on the stage . This is one of them .
A Dangerous Method is beautifully crafted and abundant with subtext but it 's also sterile , dramatically turgid and at times , kind of a drag .
While -LSB- it -RSB- offers up the kind of creepy , carnal delights we usually enjoy in a Cronenberg flick , I found myself more intrigued by the matters of the mind that are more fleetingly addressed .
Cronenberg does n't go in for any exploding heads this time , but the surging emotions and heady ideas on display in his adaptation of Christopher Hampton 's play The Talking Cure are equally combustible .
Exploding the era of the costume drama with both its style and its ideas , David Cronenberg 's A Dangerous Method pushes repression to its breaking point at every turn
For Cronenberg fans who did n't desert him after he stopped blowing up heads and started exploring them , it 's yet another intensely calibrated portrait of repression and expression .
Cronenberg 's comments are largely constrained to the subtle placement of his actors in the frame , to suggest the ever shifting power dynamic between the characters , who form a kind of love triangle .
Fassbender provides a solid tortured performance alongside stand-out support from Mortensen ; unfortunately the film hinges on the Sabina character that in Knightly 's hands lacked the necessary punch to elevate this film .
... Knightley 's histrionic performance verges on the embarrassing .
is remarkably restrained , sometimes to a fault . In fact , there are no obvious visual Cronenberg flourishes , and maybe some surrealistic touches might have upped the ante a little .
Its eye for detail makes things so real and worthy of a work of scholarship .
It 's little more than repetitious conversation - conversation that uncovers little new or titillating on the topics of sex , madness or the process of psychoanalysis .
A Dangerous Method is masterful filmmaking on all levels , but alas , it also leaves you dreaming that Fassbender and Mortensen will return to these roles in a more focused story on the fathers of psychoanalysis .
For the sake of your own mental health A Dangerous Method should be avoided , but the Cronenberg curious might want to endure it to prevent any onset of mania .
While the moments of psycho-sexual interplay allows Cronenberg to indulge in his obsession with the kinky , the Canadian auteur shows a surprising restraint that his own written works do n't have .
IF you 're up for some solid intellectual stimulation and do n't mind having to work hard for it , this one will really give you something to discuss with friends afterwards .
While very much a dialogue-heavy historical film , all the recognisable elements of Cronenberg 's preoccupations can be found in A Dangerous Method .
The film is understandably talky , but there was enough passion and drama in it to hold my attention . It is a good primer on psychoanalysis .
Both Michael Fassbender and Viggo Mortensen are impressive , but the film belongs to Keira Knightley , who gives a quite astonishing performance , one modelled closely on existing film of women patients who suffered from this kind of hysteria .
All in all , this film is impressive : the attention to detail in the costuming is wonderful , the lighting is brilliant , and the cinematography is gorgeous .
Restraint is not something we 've come to expect from David Cronenberg . Yet here , the Canadian sticks with his more measured tone of late .
The sexuality of the Spielrein character - who takes centre stage for much of the film - tips the balance in the fight for our attention and interest
Sex is the subject matter of David Cronenberg 's riveting depiction of the relationship between Jung and Freud , although it is words , not passion that bring the sizzle
Cronenberg spares us few of the gory details of the patient who brought the two fathers of psychoanalysis together and helped tear them apart .
The birth of psychoanalysis might seem to be a dry subject for a 21st-century movie , but director David Cronenberg and writer Christopher Hampton ... force us to think again .
An artfully composed portrait of intellectual one-upmanship .
A Dangerous Method features three potentially fine central performances , but each one is undermined by the weight of some often heavy duty dialogue .
In one scene , Freud turns to Jung and says , `` do you realise we 've been talking for 13 hours ? '' . He could just as easily be referring to the film itself .
... a cold , hopelessly uninteresting endeavor that marks an obvious low point within Cronenberg 's uneven filmography .
-LSB- An -RSB- engrossing and thought-provoking drama ...
Keira can act ! She really can .
When you start to feel nostalgic for the late Ken Russell , you know something is wrong . . .
Cronenberg dissects the early days of psychoanalysis here in a precisely plotted , superficially genteel costume drama , but one in which eruptions of kinky violence are never far off .
Cronenberg has created a drama of male hysterics with no interest in diagnosing their own condition - perhaps the career of each is a continuous , elaborate symptom .
Although the performances are exquisite , they still require undivided attention to grasp the concepts and stop the interest from waning .
Infinitely assured moviemaking .
An oddity , but a very watchable oddity , this makes for essential viewing for Cronenberg enthusiasts and surprising viewing for those expecting a conventional period piece .
Ultimately , there 's no danger of being deeply moved by this film - it 's just a tantalising glimpse of part of what makes us human .
It is Knightley who walks away with the film , delivering her best work since Never Let Me Go as a live wire hysteric ...
Knightley gives a fair performance but lumbers herself with a distracting accent , and her gurning in the early scenes may be too much for some to bear .
It never really gets under the skin in the way Cronenberg does at his best .
Worthy performances . Yes . But it 's just not enough . My analysis Drs. Freud and Jung : your patients and students just wo n't care .
At its core , there 's a provocative story lurking here about the delicate and fragile dividing lines between mind , body and soul .
Is n't likely to entirely appeal to Cronenberg 's core fans -LRB- whatever that is at this point -RRB- , but it 's a richly rewarding -- and sometimes disturbing -- film in its own right .
The talky emphasis may alienate , but Cronenberg 's psychoanalysis session offers wry writing , elegant direction and fine leads .
For all its strengths , A Dangerous Method never becomes much more than a pleasant watch , with its studied formalism preventing viewers from ever truly connecting to these characters ' situations .
In many ways , this film can almost be construed as the director 's most insidious and disturbing drama yet , the carcasses left strewn upon the ideological battlefield at the end of this one as tragically devastating as they come .
Strong performances from Fassbender and Mortensen are n't enough to help Cronenberg 's techically sound by overly talky film .
The doctors become heralds of a savage century in which unconscious urges find such destructive expression that even kids who 've barely heard of Freud can identify bombs and missiles as phallic symbols .
It is -LRB- Keira -RRB- Knightley who is the firebrand that grabs you and compels you to watch . Even during the times she is off the screen , she is in your head .
A delightful juxtaposition of intellectual and carnal impulses , like watching dry history from old textbooks brought to vivid , neurotic life .
Splendid performances by Michael Fassbender and Viggo Mortensen highlight David Cronenberg 's terrific take on Jung and Freud the early years .
`` A Dangerous Method '' makes a ... journey from lunacy to intense and compelling and is surprisingly entertaining as it does .
The repressed passion of the main character is all too representative of this repressed movie .
The pleasure of Cronenberg 's movie is hearing these characters speak so eloquently on the subject of sex , and watching actors raise their game a bit for it ... A Dangerous Method is a movie believing the most formidable sex organ really is the brain .
Director David Cronenberg is almost always compelling . Many of his movies have potent , startling shock . But A Dangerous Method does n't shock ; it nags .
But what makes it such a compelling film is n't its accuracy , but its measure of the human toll exacted on those who are the first to venture into a new scientific and medical frontier .
The true story is extraordinary ; the film is not , although the actors are all fine .
Like psychoanalysis , `` A Dangerous Method '' takes its time as it circles an opening to unexplored depths .
David Cronenberg goes Merchant-Ivory . Or maybe it 's Last Tango in Switzerland ... As an examination of psyche and desire , A Dangerous Method is smart and sophisticated stuff . As drama it fails .
I think I know less about psychoanalysis now than I did before going into the cinema .
Cronenberg 's clinical approach to Hampton 's too on-the-nose dialogue makes for a very static drama ; it 's as if the filmmaker is much more comfortable dealing with eroticism as subtext than text .
A Dangerous Method is a suave chamber piece : a series of glimpses of two 20th-century intellectual titans , in friendship and separation , and the story of a remarkable woman who history had swallowed up , brought into the light again .
Cronenberg has reached the stage of his career where he does n't feel it necessary to pander to expectations . Instead he seeks to engage us , and he succeeds .
a mostly fascinating character study and depiction of the compelling power of ideas
Scenes built on line after line of historically accurate but awkward , overly mannered dialogue distract and eventually grate .
A Dangerous Method simply feels rushed and incomplete , a CliffsNotes version of events where a novel was required .
In truth , Mortensen has a far more intimate and palpably emotional relationship with Freud 's omnipresent cigar than he does with Fassbinder 's Jung
Knightley 's portrayal is feral and unsettling .
A Dangerous Method is well cast with Michael Fassbender as a pent-up Jung and Viggo Mortensen as Freud . Keira Knightley inhabits the fits and fury of Spielrein .
This is a freaky thing to behold : Knightley 's wildly physical rendering of a mentally unbalanced soul .
It 's a movie of ideas , but there are n't nearly enough of them .
A Dangerous Method barely nudges the freak-o-meter .
Trouble is , Freud and Jung 's meeting of the minds is never quite as compelling as the collision of the two bodies back in Zurich .
Pivots as much on political gamesmanship and intellectual dominance as sadomasochistic urges and infidelity .
Like Knightley 's performance , it 's not entirely successful but it 's always compelling .
A Dangerous Method probably wo n't tell you anything useful about Jung or Freud or how their relationship fell apart . What it will provide are sterling performances and classic Cronenberg repressed sado-masochism and sometimes that is enough .
It 's a period piece about the origins of psychoanalysis and the sexual confusions of its progenitors that is eloquent and handsomely made , if never quite revelatory .
Are you ready for some `` Sexual Healing , '' David Cronenberg-style ?
That it 's a Cronenberg film means that it 's precise , smart , crisp , intelligent and daring : you know , good .
It might feel almost too quiet , if not for Knightley 's manic , borderline-over-the-top depiction of mental illness ; she 's unafraid to deploy an almost comic , grimacing underbite and a desperate , unfettered sense of panic .
`` A Dangerous Method '' begins where other films hope to culminate .
Knightley 's performance is effective precisely because it is so unpredictable and alienating ; she single-handedly turns the movie as a whole into a deranged chamber piece .
Whatever the elements , Cronenberg has made a good movie from them , with outstanding performances by Michael Fassbender and Viggo Mortensen .
-LSB- Contains -RSB- ineffable moments of beauty and emotion , some drawing on Cronenberg 's previous themes and images , and all partaking of the chaos of the human soul , which no analytical method can contain .
What could have been , and should have been , an electrifying subject matter , has been ground down to a laborious exercise in pseudo psychoanalysis .
Easily the masterful director 's most straightforward work in some time -LRB- possibly ever -RRB- , this is a worthwhile piece that nonetheless disappoints in the context of the rest of his filmography .
Perhaps Cronenberg 's most transgressive movie yet , one in which ideas - rather than their fetishistic signifiers - possess more energy and verve than the most calculated shock effect .
An intelligent historical speculation that captures the spirit and potential destruction of discovery .
Director David Cronenberg has done nothing to vividly bring this story to life . He sets his actors adrift and hopes for the best . The best never comes .
When at one point Jung spanks his patient , you may completely miss the erotic content and simply think what I thought - that somebody , finally , was punishing Knightley for this performance .
This is a movie with too much talk and not enough sensation .
Perfectly acted sex , lies and conversation .
A satisfying drama of historical speculation , substantially researched and shrewdly dramatized ...
Using a dialogue-heavy approach that 's unusual for Cronenberg , his film is skilled at the way it weaves theory with the inner lives of its characters .
Mirrors its title in being -- like all of Cronenberg 's work -- superbly methodical , but also captures the dangerous undercurrents implicit in the understanding of man that Freud and Jung were instrumental in creating .
... for the film buffs , it is a must see - especially for Knightley 's powerful performance .
Even when wading most deeply into contortions of human flesh , Cronenberg considers the psychological aspects and so `` A Dangerous Method '' continues his themes , embodied most fully in Keira Knightley 's edgy performance
Originally called `` The Talking Cure , '' that title was a misnomer ... and better suited to the sequel that might hopefully remedy this verbose exercise .
Never quite the psychosexual barnburner that typically emerges from Cronenberg 's vast appetite for disease , but it remains something unnerving , getting under the skin , hitting a few remarkable notes of thorny human behavior .
Even with the spanking , this is a bit of a bore .
However , the excellent performances count for a great deal , and the conversations are exceedingly intelligent , offering up provocative arguments on sex , the ego , and the concept of destiny .
A dispassionate film that left me cold .
With phenomenal performances from Knightley , Fassbender and Mortensen , and a rich and complex script , there is a depth and power to this terrific feature .
The acting is worth the price of admission . Mortensen gives a remarkably pleasing performance as Freud , and Fassbender is a satisfying Jung .
The film snails along as a high-minded discourse that does n't know when to shut up .
Anybody can rip off the corset . Shred it and turn it into a new article of clothing entirely ? That 's how you take it to the next level .
Cronenberg continues being fascinating as a director showing you things you were n't sure you wanted to see but will not soon forget .
It 's a fiercely thoughtful film , a movie of ideas that understands how powerful ideas can be .
A Dangerous Method will feel like Cronenberg in a corset . The director sticks so close to the documented facts that there is little room to breathe , making for a smart film that feels a bit too literary .
Low-key and curiously cerebral , perhaps too underwhelming to attract much of an audience
The harder you look at it , the wilder , and more disturbing , and more moving , it becomes .
It takes some getting used to , as we do n't often see films that are so dependent on dialogue to express relationships . But if you avoid it because you do n't like `` talky '' dramas you will miss some of the finest performances of the year .
David Cronenberg 's career-long fascination with matters of the mind manifests itself in compelling but determinedly non-mind-bending fashion .
Knightley 's performance calms down eventually , and a good thing , too . If she maintained that early pace , she would have burned up the couch and herself along with it .
While `` A Dangerous Method '' is handsomely-produced and - designed , what should have been an intriguing story fell pretty flat for me . Cronenberg directs with no particular flair .
Fassbender 's transformation from a young idealist to a haunted , cynical veteran is sharply observed .
... a deftly handled historical drama in which the darkest demons are hauled out on stage for all to evaluate .
It 's a smart study of the root causes of destructive human behavior , but there 's a flat quality to the dark impulses on display .
A cerebral trip with Jung and Freud , sex and cigars , the talking cure and adventures beyond .
The charisma of the actors ... helps communicate escalating tensions in changing relationships ... in the hothouse of the freeing force of the unconscious .
A Dangerous Method did n't have to be another Naked Lunch , but Freud plus Jung plus Cronenburg should have equaled something a little more dissonant and troubling .
`` A Dangerous Method '' presents a vivid portrait of pre-World War I Europe that 's at a considerable remove from the types of madness usually seen in Cronenberg 's films .
Most of this talky film just feels like a debate between two experts , trying to answer a question few of us had asked . When the real question is , Where 's David Cronenberg ?
A kinky undercurrent of sadomasochism certainly does n't hurt in preventing the film from slipping into the stodgy bio-pic abyss .
Cronenberg delivers a cold , clinical and at times stagebound film in A Dangerous Method , but it 's one that will nevertheless keep you thinking about it long afterward .
Sometimes a cigar is just a cigar , and a prestige piece is just a well-intentioned bore .
If the movie falls just shy of our highest mark , this is because Cronenberg is tamping down on his usually naturalistic performances -- everything feels vaguely mad-scientist-ish .
It 's fascinating to see the exceptionally charismatic Fassbender squeeze himself into the role of the aristocratic , restrained Jung , and it 's just as enjoyable to see Mortensen bring an unexpected virility to his sybaritic , cigar-chomping Freud .
As cataclysmic as it is , this historically scrupulous science-fiction romance concerning the discovery of the unconscious mind might have been titled War of the Worlds or The Beast From 5,000 Fathoms .
Knightley makes a lovely lover for Carl . If Sabina is a vampire , then she 's Edward Cullen , the creature who knows too much , to his Bella Swan , naive but game for a toxic twilight romp .
Restraint is generally not a word used to describe David Cronenberg 's films , but it is the guiding factor behind A Dangerous Method .
Caring more about the journey than the destination -LRB- neither of which are particularly interesting -RRB- , the film is ultimately nothing more than a Freudian slip-up .
Spitting and stammering , clawing and convulsing , her jaw jutting forward and her eyes popping out of her head , Keira Knightley is a frightening force of nature in A Dangerous Method .
As a biographical film , Method gives real insight to its subjects , especially Jung .
Cronenberg has made a wholly satisfying case study , but not quite enough of a movie .
David Cronenberg 's take on the relationship between Sigmund Freud and Carl Jungis not just a fascinating look back at the developments of psychotherapy , but very much a remarkable love story , one between two men and the woman who drove them apart .
Probably the most fun you 'll ever have watching a movie about Carl Jung and Sigmund Freud duking it out - and nurturing a deep-rooted but fragile friendship - in early 20th century Austria and Switzerland .
`` A Dangerous Method '' is full of ideas about sexuality - some quite provocative , even a century after their first articulation - but it also recognizes and communicates the erotic power of ideas .
The only truly dangerous element here belongs to Keira Knightley , who dares to offer the most off-putting performance of the year .
As Freud , who believes the basis of all insanity is sexual repression , and Jung , who is monogamous and resistant to such extremist views , the miscast male stars are bland as dust and look like a box of Smith Brothers cough drops .
A David Cronenberg movie about Sigmund Freud and Carl Jung is n't nearly as kinky as you 'd think . It 's more of an early 1900s `` Fatal Attraction '' - albeit an extremely literate one .
The actors give it their all , especially Knightley , whose jaw - jutting , heavily accented and unfairly criticized portrayal gives this erotic mind-bender its fighting spirit .
Has sexy Freudian and Jungian dialogue .
A Dangerous Method is one of the best dramas I have seen all year .
A Dangerous Method is probably the tamest film David Cronenberg will ever make , but it is nevertheless worthy as a well-acted skewering of overreaching psychology .
Like every director , Cronenberg has made boring movies before -LRB- M. Butterfly , Naked Lunch -RRB- , but he 's never made one this crushingly dull and anonymous .
Sharply written and superbly directed , this is an engaging and thought-provoking drama with terrific performances from all three leads , though it runs out of steam a little in the middle section and the climax is underwhelming .
The film radiates intelligence through clever direction and strong performances .
Here is a director talking about a subject he 's covered many times before in a totally new way .
` A Dangerous Method ' is not quite the scorching bodice-ripper promised by the ads . But the good news is , it 's more interesting than that .
-LSB- VIDEO -RSB- a lush character study and history lesson that tenaciously explores the personal conflicts of ego and id between Jung and Freud .
David Cronenberg 's focus remains , as always , on issues of mind/body invasion , corruption , and rebirth .
It unfolds as a loquacious essay on the origins of psychoanalysis -- enlivened by some wry repartee from Viggo Mortensen , who steals every scene as Sigmund Freud , and gets more mileage out of a cigar than anyone since Groucho Marx .
To say A Dangerous Method is a David Cronenberg misfire is an understatement but not the end of the world . I applaud him for trying something new even if the end result is dead on arrival .
A Dangerous Method feels drained of meaning and artistic intent .
Gets away from what we 've come to expect from the filmmaker who started out by making some of the most disturbing genre films .
On some level , A Dangerous Method is Cronenberg 's first out-and-out comedy ...
If it has a tendency to explicitly state its own themes , the film nevertheless unsettles with its lucid visions of release and repression
It 's a handsome and stimulating film , noteworthy more for its terrific acting and provocative ideas than for any kind of dark Cronenbergundian genius .
Mr. Fassbender is entirely persuasive , not to mention extremely attractive , and Mr. Mortensen is intriguingly nuanced .
For all its formal restraint , the film is just as subversive and as disquieting as predecessors such as Crash and The Naked Lunch .
Poised for the sort of surprised , congratulatory attention Cronenberg enjoyed for his relatively restrained The History of Violence , with the true-ish historical heft adding to the film 's cache .
Finds Cronenberg working in startlingly generic period piece mode , without a hint of the dread and weird fascination that usually permeates even his weaker films .
It 's Knightley that one remembers , for a full-on portrayal that is gutsy and potentially divisive in equal parts .
This psycho-sexual melodrama is a mixed bag , well acted -LRB- Oscar-caliber turns by Fassbender and Mortensen -RRB- and elegantly shot , but too theatrical and not provocative or unsettling by Cronenberg 's standards .
Cronenberg and his actors do their best to show that there is no such thing as normalcy since Jung , Freud and Spielrein , can not cure themselves any more than they can guarantee to help their patients .
Precise , lucid and thrillingly disciplined , this story of boundary-testing in the early days of psychoanalysis is brought to vivid life by the outstanding lead performances of Keira Knightley , Viggo Mortensen and Michael Fassbender .
A Dangerous Mind feels heavy and lugubrious . It is a tale that comes marinated in port and choked on pipe-smoke .


@highlight

A provocative historical fiction about the early days of psychoanalysis , A Dangerous Method is buoyed by terrific performances by Michael Fassbender , Keira Knightley , and Viggo Mortensen .