One tonic for a stressful day : Spend 90 minutes with an 11th-century Tibetan mystic who wanders through gorgeous Himalayan scenery
Earnestly capturing in spirit the emergence of a holy man .
By-the-book mythmaking : stately , straightforward and not too interesting . The story ... falls flat on film , a moody , visual medium , tremendously difficult to rework into a mirror for introspective , spiritual transformation .
instructional value and exposure to Tibetan culture and values make this a worthwhile venture
Viewers with a pre-established interest in 11th-century Tibetan history should find Milarepa fascinating , but those without wo n't find much to engage them in this nicely shot but stilted biopic of a legendary magician-turned-monk from that era .
Milarepa is a sort of Batman Begins version of the early life of renowned Tibetan saint Jetsun Milarepa -LRB- 1052-1135 -RRB- .
The first of a two-part film about the life of an 11th-century Tibetan mystic , Milarepa evokes a time when sorcery was a poor man 's way of making war , and the sight of yogis flying through the sky was commonplace .
Buddhism teaches that suffering is inseparable from existence . Suffering is certainly inseparable from the experience of watching Milarepa .
Milarepa : Magician , Murderer , Saint , a picturesque fable filmed in the mountains of northern India , shows us how most -- if not all -- roads to spiritual enlightenment are paved with suffering .
Despite timely and worthwhile subject matter , there is nothing very inspired or inspiring in what makes it to the screen .
For enlightenment on Milarepa 's life , we apparently have to wait for the sequel .
Milarepa is surprisingly flat and unexciting .
While the drama is rather poky , Jamyang Lordo plays the part with dignified restraint .
First-time filmmaker Neten Chokling , himself a great Tibetan meditation master , has made a remarkable film using nonprofessional actors and a mostly nonprofessional crew .
The movie 's spectacular scenery and compelling message counterbalance the somewhat plodding pace and wooden performances by a cast of nonactors .
The movie is so oddly structured that it ca n't sustain engagement on the story level ; I wish I liked it more .
Milarepa fails to infuse freshness into the timeworn lesson that violence does n't pay ; perhaps its subject 's path to goodness will provide a more enlightening cinematic outlet .
Those expecting a reflective Buddhist piece will be surprised . First-time director Neten Chokling 's film actually is a powerful revenge drama . Despite the film 's low budget , there 's also spectacle , courtesy of the Himalayan locations .
The legend of Milarepa -- an exiled heir who sought revenge before finding dharma -- engages on a narrative level ; however , Chokling 's direction fails to give the story any period texture or visceral emotion .
The film 's lavish production can not compensate for the simplistic story and message .
lama Neten Chokling 's directing debut ends on a frustrating spiritual cliff-hanger .
A captivating fable , told with heartfelt eloquence and restraint .
Starts to get interesting when the lead character learns how to use magic , but ultimately , the computer FX do little to counter the generally poor production values .
A parabolic film about the early life of the Tibetan Buddhist saint Milarepa that works as a teaching story about the futility and emptiness of violence and revenge .
Here is austere classic drama tinged with early Kurosawa , a filmmaker among director Neten Chokling 's favorites .
Myths are more popular in the movies than ever , but unlike the Christian extravaganza of The Chronicles of Narnia , Milarepa : Magician , Murderer , Saint wo n't be showing up on your kid 's Netflix list .



@highlight

Milarepa 's confusing plot structure , simplistic message , and poor production values cause it to fall flat .