After the addictive pleasures of Nordic noir , brace yourself for the heart-in-mouth thrills of the first Scandinavian disaster movie .
It 's a satisfying thriller for those who do n't mind subtitles mixed in with the CGI effects . You will never laugh at a fjord again .
Gives the fright-inducing natural events their due , but also gives the human drama the same courtesy .
The Wave may be cut from B-movie cheesecloth , but a fresh , frank perspective is still capable of enlivening old cinematic tropes .
he three principal actors are charming and Norwegian movies can always be counted on for sublime scenery -- even when that scenery turns malevolent -- but boy is this thing cliche-ridden and predictable !
Despite flaws -- plotting and characterisation are template ; skater Jonas Hoff Oftebro is insufferable -- it 's easy to see how this might have scored Norwegian director Uthaug 's next gig : the Tomb Raider reboot with Alicia Vikander .
Norwegian disaster film The Wave is a reminder that cliché-ridden , unexceptional , effects-driven cinema is not purely the domain of Hollywood studios .
As a good , old-fashioned hunk of big-screen disaster , you could do a lot worse than The Wave , say last year 's far more expensive and less involving San Andreas .
The Wave , based on some actual rockslides from decades ago , may try for a little bit of respectability , but it does n't have much to say , and then says it in a somber closing credits : Watch out for rockslides , basically .
This is a pretty standard , but nonetheless effective , disaster film with some good performances and visual effects .
The first Norwegian disaster film is not a disaster , it 's just Norway trying to go Hollywood .
Uthaug has ably demonstrated that one does n't need a blockbuster budget to make a world class action film , and that the potential of the new Scandinavian cinema extends far beyond noir .
It 's a real world ecological thriller that does n't forget about the human story running through the heart of the narrative , and as such the film ends up being an avalanche of thrills and chills I can not wait to watch again .
Throws up Poseidon Adventure-like life-or-death situations that will leave you gasping for air as much as the imperilled survivors .
The intimate focus , juxtaposed with the unsettling beauty of the backdrop and the eerie stillness of the aftermath , brings a novel twist to the well-worn disaster movie format .
The Wave is a small-town Norwegian disaster movie writ satisfyingly large .
You do n't get the sort of outlandish motley crew of , say , a Roland Emmerich film . To be honest , that force of personality is sorely missed .
Such apocalyptic events are nothing new on-screen , but Norwegian director Roar Uthaug imbues his film with rather more grit and texture than formulaic Hollywood efforts like 2012 and San Andreas .
Uthaug proves that he knows how to make a great dissaster film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It has all the elements of a disaster film but with beauty , rythm , thrills , tension and effects that are actually good . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film that keeps it low key for the most part and gradually builds the suspense . -LSB- Full review Spanish -RSB-
A new take on the traditional Hollywood disaster film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A catastrophe film that creates empathy for its characters . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A ca n't - miss proposition for disaster-movie buffs and a lighter but still hearty recommendation for anyone else willing to shut their brains off and go with the 278-ft . - high flow .
A movie for fans of the natural disaster genre but without the typical Hollywood cliches . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
At long last a disaster movie that does n't upset the randomness of suffering by compelling the heroes to save the world or the obnoxious side characters to meet their ironic comeuppance .
The exigencies of Hollywood now require action films to continue upping the ante ; it 's not a disaster unless we see millions of people die . The Wave benefits from its smallness .
A film that offers nothing new to the spectator , one would think that being a European production you would find something new and interesting , but it 's just like anything else we 've seen come out of Hollywood . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Kristoffer Joner delivers a great performance that traps the viewers attention , making a film that revisits the tropes of the genre seen many times in American films , but with all the elements of Norwegian cinema . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
As things progress , however , director Roar Uthaug allows his film to succumb to the same flaws that have undone many an American disaster film .
More than anything , The Wave 's ability to sustain tension out of its tired scenario makes it even more impressive than its Me Decade ancestors .
The advantage of setting a disaster movie in Norway is that all the actors are unknown in the first place .
The Big One Arrives - this heart-stopping beat-the-tsunami race will keep viewers in their seats
The whole thing is pure formula . But The Wave , which was Norway 's official entry for the Academy Awards , makes it work anyway .
-LSB- The filmmakers -RSB- had me most of the way but dropped the ball opting for a conventional , done before finale .
The film delivers on genre thrills and effects but keeps the drama more down to earth .
Hollywood cliché meets a quaint European locale in this refreshing take on the disaster genre , but a larger budget and scope could have made an even bigger splash .
` The Wave ' capsizes tranquility with 100 tons of liquid devastation .
The movie works ; the setting feels grandly unfamiliar , and the aftermath of the wave , with its elemental mix of water and fire , seems like a plausible vision of Hell .
... despite my admiration , The Wave still approaches its story with woeful clichés .
Thanks to technology , Uthaug proves he can do exactly what the big boys do , but at a fraction of the cost . And most importantly , without sacrificing any of the fun .
Humdrum disaster movie .
Falling somewhere between campy and sincere , it feels more like a Hollywood knockoff than a subversion of genre clichés .
Something like The Wave is indeed a rarity - without skimping on the spectacle that glues eyeballs to the screen , it takes the time to develop its characters .
The Wave delivers a unique take on the natural disaster genre .
Beneath this lightweight conceit is a little fault line of worry that makes the movie click . What if you were living near a potential disaster-in-waiting ?
Hollywood disaster movie genre executed Scandinavian style ...
It is n't that `` The Wave '' is all that bad ; it 's simply that it does n't stand up to the epic productions from whence it came .
It turns out you do n't need to destroy the world , the northern hemisphere or even greater Los Angeles to craft a tense , watchable thriller ; a tiny hamlet in Norway , population 250 , will do .
The key to any good disaster movie is the setup , and the filmmakers do a very good job of making it feel real , of keeping the family 's plight from feeling overwrought , and of establishing the danger as feeling imminent but not out of nowhere .
Having laid out my qualms in advance , I am happy to report that The Wave ... is pretty good . It 's also pretty strange .
When the eponymous wave hits , all of The Wave 's character-building and plot matters as much as it would in a San Andreas or a 2012 , in that it 's mostly for nothing .
The wave itself is a masterfully believable bit of cinematic destruction in which everyone tries to rush for higher ground on narrow roads not meant to handle a rapid evacuation .
What director Uthaug pitches perfectly right are the stakes . The emotional connections are effectively established and the stakes of this tiny world ending feel both dire and realistic .
`` The Wave '' adds credible writing and effective acting to gangbusters special effects , resulting in a white-knuckle experience a bit higher on the plausibility scale than what we 're used to from Hollywood versions of the genre .
Nifty Norwegian disaster movie .
The slow-burn build-up is just long enough , the disaster itself is just harrowing enough and the final act is just intense enough to keep us engaged .
The last act of The Wave ... undermines the realism that has come before it .
The Norwegian ` San Andreas ' that 's also sometimes the Norwegian ` Jaws ' -LRB- but without sharks -RRB- .
The action is slow in coming - 45 minutes into the film - but when it arrives it hits fiercely and with an emotional realism not usually portrayed in big-screen catastrophes .
There are echoes of many other disaster movies good and bad here , from `` The Poseidon Adventure '' to ` The Impossible , '' but `` The Wave '' holds its own , thanks to the specifics of its place and characters .
It 's certainly gripping , but eventually one asks : `` This is entertainment ? ''
From the `` Jaws '' like setup where one man 's warnings are drowned out by tourism concerns to the dad of `` San Andreas '' trying to save his scattered family , `` The Wave '' is utterly predictable , elevated only by its stunning scenery .
The filmmakers -LRB- the script is by John Kare Raake and Harald Rosenlow Eeg -RRB- cook up the sort of unpleasantness that turns the better disaster pictures , like this one , into nail-biters .
Norway is a small , orderly country , and if Roar Uthaug 's `` The Wave '' is an indication , its disaster movies are small and orderly as well .
The Wave , Scandinavia 's first-ever disaster film , is the polar opposite of a disaster . It 's a triumph of modest means , a tribute to the power of storytelling on a human scale .
Its strict adherence to the disaster formula renders the experience far too generic and risk-averse to make it memorable .
Who says only Hollywood can turn out disaster movies ?
Even at its hokiest , The Wave conjures up nailbiter setups that pump life into the expected conventions of the genre .
A thrilling , gorgeous actioner about a massive tsunami that wipes a tourist town off the map .
After director Roar Uthaug spends the film 's smoothly shot first half building thoughtful suspense , he unleashes his inner Hollywood .
The Wave wants only to be big , dumb , Hollywood-style entertainment . On that level , it succeeds - even if a disaster movie cliché drinking game would lead to alcohol poisoning . -LRB- You have been warned . -RRB-
The real tsunami is Hollywood formula .
The Wave is just plausible enough to strike fear into viewers ' hearts .
Borrowing heavily from `` Titanic '' and lesser catastrophe films , character development plummets and dialogue is reduced to the usual run of `` Save my babies ! '' and `` No , save me first ! '' debates .
If you think foreign films ca n't compete with Hollywood when it comes to delivering popcorn entertainment , prepare to be carried away by `` The Wave . ''
It 's as exhilarating as any epic American thriller , and better than most . Racing pulses and a state of awe and terror are guaranteed .
Uthaug depends on well-crafted suspense , spot-on casting and ingenious special effects to tell the story ...
Usually disaster movies tend to delight in destruction ; there 's an almost pornographic feel to all those buildings being leveled and bridges getting washed away . `` The Wave '' has none of that .
The family-in-peril motif is a disaster-film staple , but do n't hold that against The Wave . Uthaug is n't trying to buck convention , he 's just embroidering over it , on a small scale that ends up feeling surprisingly expansive .
Familiarity can be fatal in art cinema , but in this context the stock situations and types function more like comfort food , with the absence of Americans providing a little welcome spice .
While it wrestles with a smaller scale , `` The Wave '' still retains chills and terrific suspense , in many ways besting Hollywood when it comes to characterization and spectacle portion control .
Take away the subtitles and replace the Norwegian actors with Natasha Henstridge and Ian Ziering , and The Wave would be right at home on the Syfy channel .
A passable imitation of a Hollywood disaster movie minus the campy elements ...
By rooting the proceedings in a believable real-world context , Uthaug does much to amplify the what-if horror of The Wave , which spends its first thirty minutes establishing both its setting and its scientific circumstances .
Uthaug 's craft is exceptional , and his choice to focus on the small details rather than the monumental proportions of the catastrophe is smart .
Norway 's 2015 Oscar entry for Best Foreign Language Film did n't land the nom but lands solidly as an engrossing genre film .
The film brings Thor 's hammer into 2015 , succeeding within the scope of its genre .
As the thrill ride of The Wave coasts back into a predicable finish , it unfortunately drowns in a well of genre convention , gasping for some creative air .
Disaster movie cliches work , even in Norwegian .
Roar Uthuag assembles everything a Hollywood studio would demand : stock characters , massive CGI , impressive scenery and a family in jeopardy .
The Wave is less a conventional disaster movie than a movie that happens to be about a disaster , a small distinction that makes a world of difference when it comes time to care what happens to any of these people ...
Roar Uthaug has made an equally impressive tsunami-peril thriller - a thunderous rumble-rumble-hustle-hustle-glub-glub nerve-racker .
The SFX are convincingly terrifying and involving . The cast is headlined by two of Norway 's leading actors , who give the characters unusual depth for a genre film .
As a moral tale , The Wave warns of the consequences when ordinary people underestimate a behemoth .
The Wave has heart , laughs , and a big goddamn wave of destruction , and while we might have wanted more we do n't actually need more . Enjoy it for what it is .
The cast and director Roar Uthaug all handle the material brilliantly , so it 's a shame that the script is quite so slavish to generic formula . However , there is an excellent swerve in the dark to watch out for late in the game .
Thanks to a truly thrilling and absorbing opening act , we 're completely on board and ready to be swept away to wherever this accomplished filmmaker may take us .
The Wave is everything you 'd want in a disaster movie and then some .
there is little doubt , amid all the mass destruction and death , that the nice Eikjords will weather the storm and resume their disrupted lives of bourgeois contentment .
Even the usual clichés ... seem less stale , and almost piquant , here , like the little girl holding on for dear life to the stuffed bunny rabbit she loves while threatened by the eponymous tsunami .
The traditional Hollywood disaster flick goes to Norway , and is grim and gripping around all the time-honored ridiculous clichés crammed into it .
It takes the time to sketch an imperiled family worth caring about , but any goodwill is soon weathered by wave after wave of contrivance following the initial town-leveling event .

@highlight

Well-acted and blessed with a refreshingly humanistic focus , The Wave is a disaster film that makes uncommonly smart use of disaster film clichés .