An extraordinary story , with a multinational cast of the highest quality that unexpectedly just does not just `` materialize '' and becomes a conventional film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
You wo n't even be able to enjoy it for its set decoration , so numerous and egregious are the movie 's miscalculations .
Film in the Time of Oprah is more like it .
One can recognize the elements that made the book such a beloved work -- and see how these elements are so completely botched in screen translation .
A hodge-podge of histrionic , ridiculous scenes cobbled together with no build up .
No , Love in the Time of Cholera is not the masterpiece that its source material is , but by choosing not to top the original it still ends up mostly succeeding as a film .
Unlike the unfilmable novel , Newell 's discordant picture exhibits the worst symptoms of fever itself : unpleasant to endure and then quickly forgotten .
Though Cartagena in the late 19th Century is beautifully evoked in director Mike Newell 's visually sumptuous film , there 's something missing at the core of this love story .
If further proof were needed of my dispiriting theory that the best novels rarely make the best films , it is to be found , richly scented and sumptuously packaged , in Love in the Time of Cholera .
A saga about love in the most romantic of senses , Mike Nicholls ' adaptation of Gabriel Garcia Marquez ' acclaimed novel is one man 's ode to that ethereal emotion that is an end in itself .
A valiant attempt to turn a complex novel into a compelling movie is hamstrung by a conventional literary sensibility , an uneven tone and , crucially , a failure to establish a moving , meaningful connection between its two major players .
Never read García Márquez and still waiting for a sequel to The Notebook ? There 's something here for you .
... Newell and Harwood completely missed the mark with this one , turning a complex love story into a superficial period film with no heart or heat .
Listless , poorly scripted , badly acted and displaying an unforgivable misinterpretation of its source material , Cholera is easily one of the worst adaptations of a great book ever mounted .
It 's all yodeling Shakira ballads and emotional shots of the would-be lovers staring at each other until their cheeks pale from exhaustion
El universo literario de Gabriel García Márquez como sólo Hollywood podía hacerlo : vistoso , prolijo , insípido , superficial . Ni siquiera Javier Bardem logra rescatarlo del olvido .
mono toy katorthoma , na se kanei na mi biazesai idiaitera na diabaseis to biblio sto opoio basizetai
Despite some lovely design and cinematography , Mike Newell 's adaptation of the novel by Gabriel Garcia Marquez is ruined before it can get going by some disastrous casting .
A novel about endless devotion has been turned into a film that seems to go on forever .
Is love a disease , as Marquez possibly wanted us to believe ? Maybe , but in the case of this adaptation , it 's more of a laughing sickness .
It 's very pretty and very prestigious and it has no heart .
The characters are never sufficiently formed to be both likable and absurd at the same time -- and ultimately they 're really neither .
Sometimes you 're watching a bad movie , and you 're like , ` Well , I 'm still entertained , ' so I 'm recommending it on that sort of level .
Adaptation of Marquez masterpiece marred by absence of magical realism .
Sometimes it 's almost impossible to translate a novel to the big screen .
Structurally , the film follows the story of the novel to a fine point without changing the through line of any of the three central characters as it clumsily hops from scene to scene .
Weirdly proposing sexual excess as the cure for unrequited love , the film has sad sack protag Bardem drowning his sorrows in an endless round of quickies with 623 faceless babes in heat .
... sinks to the bottom like an overloaded steamboat .
The film is not boring , considering the simple , tried and true forbidden romance story . It does n't languish in the period details . Stuff keeps happening and you can follow it , not like so many Jane Austen family courtship dramas .
Preserves the homespun humor of the novel , both in Florentino 's rambunctious love scenes and in the wry dialogue .
Mike Newell 's handsome adaptation of Gabriel Garcia Marquez ' novel looks lovely , but feels lifeless ; the chemistry between the main characters just is n't there .
... passed all of my tests with flying colors ... thoroughly romantic , even if at 72 , Fermina 's face -LRB- if not her breasts -RRB- looks almost exactly as it did at 21 .
-LSB- Actress Mezzogiorno -RSB- finds the story 's emotion by resisting the tug of the movie into grandeur .
What is missing is the novel , its strange time shifts and lusciously compiled details and playful , god-like viewpoint .
Plays more like an adaptation of Wilt Chamberlain 's autobiography than of Garca Mrquez 's novel .
Bardem 's hypnotic presence , like that of an Easter Island statue come to life , is one of the film 's many pleasures . As is its intimations of a love everlasting .
Solid , CliffsNotes version of a modern classic .
There is n't an actor here who really connects .
If you 've seen Gone With the Wind , you 've seen what Love in the Time of Cholera is n't .
There 's a little cholera in the middle and some love at the beginning and end , but Love in the Time of Cholera is mostly about romantic obsession and never-ending frustration -- the latter of which may jibe with the audience 's reaction .
What it lacks in subtlety and cultural specificity , the film makes up for in sensitivity , sentiment and some beautifully expressed ideas drawn from Marquez 's prose .
` Love in the Time of Cholera ' is breathtakingly filmed . It is an Oscar-worthy movie .
There 's no sense of sweeping heartbreak here , and , perhaps because of the story 's old-fashioned pace and plot , too many cheap laughs have wormed their way into what should be a stately melodrama .
Javier Bardem is firmly established as one of the great actors of his generation . If you are a lover of sweeping romantic tales , do not miss this one .
A movie that is at times overly polite , unintentionally funny and too rarely transporting .
The book is translated into film as a series of chronological events , and they are flat events at that .
... earnest but maladroit ...
That 's really missing is a sense of rapture -- a touch of magic on this course through the decades .
Admirers of Gabriel Garcia Marquez 's novel Love in the Time of Cholera will be heartbroken to see how dull translators have drained the magic from his worldly romance .
Epic in its ambitions and romantic to its core , Love in the Time of Cholera may not please everyone , but it has to be admired .
Hopelessly misguided .
Saddled with the drama 's most laughable bit of dialogue , Bratt sounds exactly like Pepe LePew -LRB- an evocation shared by the critic sitting next to me at the screening -RRB- .
There is sweet whimsy here .
-LSB- Newell and Harwood -RSB- make a botch of things , turning Florentino from a sensitive poet into a blubbering wimp and playing his forlorn sexual encounters as broad farce .
This romantic drama by director Mike Newell preserves the odd playfulness of Gabriel Garcia Marquez 's international best seller but sacrifices its eroticism and intricate nonlinear plotting .
The viewer who gives him - or herself over to the pitched emotions , nuanced performances and opulent design will be richly rewarded .
Often watchable -LRB- and listenable -RRB- without ever being good .
Itâ -LRB- TM -RRB- s better to just read the book .
The process of dramatizing a work of poetic fiction is often called ` fleshing it out , ' but in this case , the moviemakers have perversely taken most of the flesh out .
Is there another great modern writer so hard to translate successfully into cinema ?
Antonio Pinto 's brilliant score accentuates the movie 's romantic elements and helps make Love in the Time of Cholera heartfelt , amusing , pleasurable , and quite memorable .
About the only audience that might get something out of `` Love in the Time of Cholera '' are lazy college students who want to learn the plot points for class without having to sit down and read the book .
It makes us think about what we do for love and whether , in the end , our choices are worth it .
Good movies rarely come from great books , but this Love in the Time of Cholera is a rich human comedy - beautifully realized and trimmed in sweet tropic light - that retains the flavor of the epic work from which it 's drawn . Good show , Senor Newell .
Woefully misguided ... a story intended to engage the soul , and all it had me doing was reaching for the Purell .
Javier Bardem , whose oddly handsome face becomes something twisted and ugly in ... No Country for Old Men , is here luminous and beautiful and heartfelt ...
-LSB- The movie -RSB- requires layers of age makeup , a process that , as movie technology gets better and better , seems to get worse and worse .
In the most incongruous mismatch of literature and movie treatment since Demi Moore in `` The Scarlet Letter , '' a lyrical meditation on love , patience , devotion , loss , betrayal , and fever has been turned into a South American version of a Hugh Grant movie .
... a campy mess that presumably has little in common with Márquez 's acclaimed work .
Though Love is a handsome production , it lacks the novel 's distinctive blend of passionate intensity and fanciful whimsy .
Doubtless it 's an enormously daunting task to adapt a book at once so sweeping and internal , so swooningly romantic and philosophical , but it takes a lighter touch and a more expansive view than Newell and Harwood seem to bring .
Forget the heat of passion : The movie never breaks a sweat .
The film has major story construction problems , somehow managing to be overlong yet sketchy .
This highly melodramatic screen version of the heralded 1985 novel by Gabriel Garcia Marquez is a major disappointment .
The overambitious script -LSB- tries -RSB- to hold onto too much of the sprawling novel .
It 's an expensive period piece that tries hard to duplicate the magic of the novel but simply fails to muster any special impact or appeal .
No one ever said adapting Nobel Prize-winning writer Gabriel Garcia Marquez 's densely layered 1998 novel for the screen would be easy , but given the level of talent involved the awful results are still a shock .
Fantasy-filled and romantic , it 's a faithful adaptation , blessed with equal amounts of humor , pathos and compassion .
When it belongs to a character played by Bardem , it 's a treat , indeed .
Even though it runs over two hours , Newell 's film barely has room to touch on the key moments of his dense , discursive source material , and the hit-the-highlights-and-go-home approach does no one any favors .
Bardem 's hypnotic presence , like that of an Easter Island statue come to life , is one of the film 's many pleasures .
Newell 's adaptation infuses its source material 's classic romantic tropes with all the poetry of a dog dish .
Lush , extravagant , sad and touching , Love in the Time of Cholera still feels weirdly insubstantial when all the febrile passion has abated . Like a fever it breaks , passes and is forgotten .
Newell has done some fine work in all sorts of genres , from Four Weddings and a Funeral to Harry Potter , but in Cholera he seems to be chronicling a half-century of events , passions and desires as a tourist , not a native .
Bardem , Elizondo , Bratt and Moreno bring enough to the banquet to make this feast worth sitting through , and best of all , make you want to read the book , Oprah endorsement or no .
Love in the Time of Cholera suffers from a serious case of Big Movie-itis .
Apparently cholera is the world 's only disease at the time , which allows Florentino to sleep with more than 600 women and remain STD-free .
Oh , dear . What literary giant has the unstoppable Hollywood machine gone and tarnished now ? That would be Gabriel Garcia Marquez . The grandfather of magic realism is given a clumsy , saccharine and unsubtle treatment .
a surprisingly passionless love story
Hopeless romantics should n't have problems forgiving some of the foibles and faux pas made in the telling of the story .
Marquez ' material is endearing when read , but it can be embarrassing to watch .
Literature is poorly served .
It 's the actors themselves who all too often feel out of place .
Beloved book , lousy movie . He ages to 72 , she stops at 35 . He stays virile , she crumbles . He cries while having sex with 600 women . He 's the only stud in the country .
It 's the kind of motion picture that 's crying out to be featured on an episode of Mystery Science Theater 3000 .
Despite its temporal range , the biggest pratfall of the movie is its outdated aura . Newell gives us fabulous scenery and a classic narrative , but none of it becomes involving in the present .
sweeps across the big screen like a stifled yawn
Easily the worst adaptation of a major novel by a Nobel Prize-winning author .
A decent shot at a complex work , but ultimately , the book is way more evocative than any film .
Both too literal and too thorough .
Artfully couched in surreal absurdity , its ironies are designed to question the contradictions and weaknesses of entrenched traditions .
Handsomely appointed but disappointing .
It 's a well-crafted , handsome period piece , and pleasant to watch , but the intensity of an obsessional style is beyond -LSB- director -RSB- Newell 's range .
Would that Newell 's visual panache were as robust as his understanding of the novel 's romantic implications , but what the film lacks in brio it makes up for in reverence .
The famed 1985 magical realist novel of Nobel Prize winner Gabriel Garcia Marquez gets an ambitious but off-key cinematic adaptation that trips up except in the casting of Javier Bardem as its romantically enthusiastic protagonist .
Mike Newell 's version of Gabriel Garcia Marquez highly acclaimed erotic novel is one of his worst films : listless , poorly mounted , badly scripted by Ronald Harwood , and weakly acted , even by such pros as Javier Bardem .
A movie of such boundless badness that it would take somebody with a Nobel Prize in literature to truly fathom the extent of its wretchedness .
Seamlessly mixes campy comedy with sentimental romance : an epic film based on a Nobel Prize winner 's novel .



@highlight

Though beautifully filmed , the makers of Love in the Time of Cholera fail to transfer the novel 's magic to the screen .