A sensitive and compelling portrait of the lengths one family is willing to go -- specifically , to the wilds of Mongolia -- to reach their autistic child .
The story it tells is little short of incredible .
True-to-life stories about the personal growth of attractive white people are all the cinematic rage these days ... and at its worst The Horse Boy seems both an invasion of privacy ... and a cold-hearted attempt to cash in on a trendy topic .
It 's because the premise is so intriguing and the drama is so compelling that the result is so confounding .
What it might contribute to the topic of autism and change -- over and above the mysterious -LRB- but documented -RRB- healing power of hanging around horses -- appears to be hope .
The film 's particular story serves as a powerful reminder to all parents that a child 's unique strengths and personality may suggest the best path toward healing .
The Horse Boy succeeds both as a provocative inquiry into the mysteries of autism and as a true-life adventure tale .
It moved me right at my core and made me continually think of the world around us and how we treat it . Rowan 's saga hits home soaring to heights so many narrative features can only dream of achieving .
The Horse Boy is a nicely photographed real-life adventure , and with some wisdom about autism for everyone along the pathway .
In the footage taken after the healing , we never see Rowan , except when he is happily playing with his new friends or smiling with his parents . Is that the whole story ? You decide .
Horse Boy is a valuable , stirring motion picture . It 's a poignant step to understanding the mysteries of the mind and a critical , exquisite reminder of unconditional parental love .
The Horse Boy is a lovely , amazing , wonderfully provocative film .
An extraordinary journey of the heart and spirit , and a stirring testament to parenthood .
By failing to break new ground in the non-fiction genre , Scott misses out on all the dramatic potential Horse Boy has to offer .
A fascinating examination of parental love and the blind faith that sometimes is required in what otherwise seems like a cold and cruel world .
The strength of the doc is that is does not propagandize with a heavy hand .
A well-edited , profoundly engrossing , inspirational and thoroughly captivating documentary .
It recounts a deeply personal , highly subjective and inarguably thought-provoking story of one family 's quest for a certain kind of peace .
A lyrical and stirring meditation on the mystery of autism .
A quest toward an inevitable inspirational destination , continuing the recent trend of using precious theater space as dumping grounds for a-cinematic PBS also-rans .
Some people 's stories are so interesting that a book or a movie adaptation alone simply wo n't suffice . Sometimes both are needed . Apparently , Rupert Isaacson 's is one of them .
Provocative and moving documentary focuses on parents of an autistic boy who take a radical course of action .
Inspiring , enlightening and affirmative journey into the mysteries of shamanism and autism .
A deeply intimate and endlessly inspiring look at a condition the general public knows only at a remove .
It 's seldom that a film captures something as fragile as a transformation of the human soul , but this documentary of a family 's journey to help their autistic child accomplishes just that .
The healing odyssey , directed by Michel Orion Scott , provides a powerful look at the complex condition of autism and family dedication .
The Horse Boy is n't trying to provide any definitive answers about autism . It 's offering intriguing possibilities .
A heartfelt tale of a family that traveled to Outer Mongolia to exorcise their four-year-old 's autistic dybbuk .



@highlight

It traces a familiar , albeit inspirational arc , but The Horse Boy tells a moving tale of parental devotion with grace and sensitivity .