The rhythm of life is a powerful beat - and this affectionate and revealing documentary is sure to get even the most world-weary feet tapping .
It 's a credit to MacDonald that she provides a little-known view of Harlem 's halcyon days , but what 's missing is the pith and marrow : We feel that the women still elude us .
An enchanting , if bittersweet , memoir which seamlessly interweaves wistful , tenderhearted reflections with archival film footage and the readily-observable harsh realities associated with advanced age to yield a splendid slice of African-American history .
At a time in their lives when their contemporaries are bouncing great-grandchildren on their knees , these Harlem divas of dance are bouncing their booties around .
MacDonald seems less interested in the Silver Belles ' past than their inspirational present . Eventually , the inevitable broken hips and dizzy spells take their toll , but those who remain seem determined to shuffle-step their way into the sunset .
-LSB- MacDonald 's -RSB- subjects -- former black chorus girls from Harlem 's golden age , when the Cotton Club and the Apollo Theater ruled New York nightlife -- are utterly captivating .
Because Been Rich follows a well-hoofed path , there are n't a lot of surprises , but the women make for good company .
It 's a modest but highly enjoyable tribute .
Reminds us that every life contains many acts worth hearing about , not just a select few .
This is a film about brave women who left home as teenagers and have been on their own ever since . Now , nearing the end of that road , they face their inevitable decline with a cheerful vivacity .
If you only watched the first half of Been Rich All My Life , you might walk away thinking it 's a so-so documentary about another fascinating , underreported piece of Harlem history . And you 'd be at least half right in that assessment .
This is a sweet documentary about a small group of women who 've danced their way through life .
The film could be more adept and probing , but the ladies -- Cleo Hayes , Marion Coles , Elaine Ellis , Fay Ray , and Geri Kennedy -- are delightful .
A richly uplifting if somewhat rambling portrait of indomitableness in the face of old age and infirmity , Been Rich All My Life will be inspirational to young and old alike .
Good times and bum times , they 've seen it all and they 're still here . Lucky us .
While it 's enjoyable on it 's own terms , there 's really no reason to go all the way to the film forum and plunk down twelve bucks to see this thing , when you could probably see it on public TV in a year or two .
Been Rich All My Life has a soft , golden glow , but it could have been much richer .
These women deserve some fond acclaim for their attempts to conquer age .
Under director Heather Lyn MacDonald , the film is generic and uninspired , better suited to public TV than the big screen .
Though the stripped-down style of Heather Lyn MacDonald 's documentary does n't quite do justice to her fabulous heroines , the extraordinary energy of the five former chorus girls she profiles provides plenty of fuel .
What 's onscreen comes across as little more than home-movie footage of old acquaintances getting together now and again .
Five African-American women dancers strut their stuff and revel in their camaraderie and fulfilling careers doing what they love best .
A treasure that celebrates remarkable women with a unparalleled zest for life .
They 're frank , funny , resilient and altogether captivating .
Been Rich All My Life , an admiring portrait of the Silver Belles , a troupe of veteran Harlem tap dancers between the ages of 84 and 96 , is a valuable historical document and a useful how-to movie about making the most of old age .
The Silver Belles , five former Harlem chorus girls who are still bustin ' a move despite their advanced ages , are the best kind of company there is .
Heather Lyn MacDonald 's TV-grade documentary , a familiar mix of taking-head interviews and archival material , documents the Silver Belles ' determination to stay on their feet but is awfully reticent when it comes to race .
Providing an inspiration for active retirement , the ex-Harlem Renaissance chorus girls profiled in docu Been Rich All My Life are still shaking booty while most of their contemporaries can only shuffle their walkers .


@highlight

The remarkable resilience , energy , strength , and charisma of these women captivate , and their experiences are a historical treasure .