The United States ' well-off middle class of the 1950s , its taboos , stereotypes and lifestyles , are reflected in this interesting and harsh film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The roundelay structure and Hitchcockian nods could have easily given way to a sardonic puppet theater , but Sachs and screenwriter Oren Moverman care too much about their characters to turn them into pawns
One of the more ethically dubious films to come out of Hollywood in years .
This darkly comic dramatic thriller , which is set just after World War II , is more than merely watchable . It 's very smart and is old-fashioned in several respects .
It is as though filmmaker Ira Sachs fears that just making a film about infidelity is too straight , too pedestrian , so , he 's got to introduce the possibility that murder is on the horizon .
Even movies that dare to paint dark portraits of the sacred institution ca n't resist glorifying it in the end .
The ensemble cast chemistry is superb in its nearly suffocating tangle of repressed passions , but the family-values wrap-up of all these messy erotic tensions feels ultimately far too pat and unresolved .
Once he gets out from under his influences and trusts his own gut , Sachs might become a major director .
Thought-provoking themes swirl around in this drama , brought to life by a skilled cast and a director who plays with Hitchcockian themes and imagery . In the end , it feels a bit undercooked , but the actors keep us glued to the screen .
It 's a good cast , with Cooper outstanding , but Sachs 's direction is stodgy and the screenplay is grindingly self-conscious .
The acting is as classy and well-realised as the lush 1940s period detail , yet this entertainingly entangled , ersatz noir is frustrating because it never fully gels .
The tangled web which slowly causes the film 's relationships to disintegrate is brilliantly woven . However , you ca n't help wishing the climax packs a bit more of a dramatic punch .
A noirish 1940s-set character study , it 's an initially intriguing tale of infidelity and betrayal that smoulders , but never quite catches fire .
A classy cast and production design to die for are the only features of note in an underpowered tale of adultery and intrigue in '50s America .
Married Life may fall short of the best Hollywood melodrama , but its nicely observed situations and old-fashioned storytelling ironically lend this a freshness more on-the-nose infidelity tales are missing .
The movie is determinedly low-key , but honest , with a wrenching break-up scene , sharp work from Clarkson , and a final thought that lingers , about never really knowing what your other half is thinking .
A well-acted but lugubrious noir , which is somehow not quite thrilling enough to be a thriller , and not quite profound enough to be a character study .
The layers of deception are as meticulously constructed as the impeccable 1940s production and costume design . Unfortunately , the film does n't maintain that distinctive noir cruelty , as hard as red lacquered finger nails .
A mannered comedy of manners that , in its eagerness to be all things to all people , ends up being nothing much of anything .
It looks beautiful , and the convoluted plotting is initially the right side of Hitchcock pastiche , but the central conundrum is teased out over so many twists and false climaxes that ultimately it 's a shrug , not a shock , which greets the denouement .
Superbly directed , thought-provoking blend of Hitchcock movies , 1940s pastiche and Bette Davis-style melodrama , featuring terrific performances from Cooper and Clarkson .
An ode to Hollywood movies of the 40s and 50s , with its rich story , its post-war middle class mores of US society , its production design and its characters blundering around a moral dilemma .
It swings from Far From Heaven-alike lush melodrama to Double Indemnity-like noir to something approaching black comedy , and the transitions never quite work . Accomplished then , but no classic .
All in all , this was a fun little , old fashioned pot boiler .
It 's elegant , unhurried , and , if you meet it half way , softly satisfying ... like the muffled clap of a velvet-covered ring box snapping shut .
One of the dullest , most thoroughly pointless motion pictures ever made .
I suspect Hitchcock would enjoy watching this slow-churning thriller , which pilfers a few of the master 's storytelling tricks as it revels in its own dark heart .
Agreeable , nicely adult entertainment that 's satisfying without ever being exciting .
Sachs combines humor , suspense , and twists of plot that keep the ground shifting under our feet .
Dramatizes the notion that a person 's ` burden of conscience ' is not an innate reality but a malleable construct , motivated by narcissism .
Never says much about the marital institution that is fresh .
It 's as dry as the martinis these well-dressed stiffs keep ordering at that perfectly preserved oak , leather and velvet bar before hopping into their vintage convertibles .
It 's best to ignore these scenes from a marriage ; stick with Ingmar Bergman instead .
A sly , pitch-black domestic manifesto that 's scabrous enough to suggest that if you design your own cage , you 'll forget that you 're trapped .
Married Life gives new meaning to the phrase , '' 'til death do us part . ''
Ultimately , the movie takes its characters , and the absurd ethical dilemma it subjects them to , far too seriously .
It is a nicely executed , skillfully acted and atmospheric exercise in genre stage craft , but so dry and low-key that it is never really involving .
It oscillates between stale period piece and unengaging melodrama , coyly seducing viewers with the potential it fails to fulfill .
Married Life is genteel , well-mannered -- and boring .
Offers audiences movie pleasures , as well as emotionally authentic challenges .
-LSB- Brosnan -RSB- provides an odd but appropriate balance of laid-back irony and old-fashioned sentimentality that makes Married Life as interesting as married life itself .
The acting is well-done and well-balanced , and Peter Deming 's cinematography -- part golden , part somber -- suggests the dark side of postwar prosperity , which Americans had begun to contemplate by 1949 .
Married Life reveals that playing pretend is not a game for children alone , but rather an artifice that finds its fullest expression in adulthood .
In many ways , Married Life is a Coen Brothers knock-off without a bit of the boys ' accomplishment or bravado .
... with its superb cast , its literate screenplay ... and noteworthy direction , -LSB- Married Life -RSB- is that long overdue adult film we 've been waiting for .
Married Life is an engaging romance noir , a sort of updated The Postman Always Rings Twice that packs its surprises into four characters , none of them predictable .
The performances from this extraordinary cast are as sumptuous as you 'd expect , but they disappear into a wisp of insignificance .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Sachs has assembled a stellar ensemble cast , and much of the pleasure of Married Life is watching the subtle detail the actors bring to their roles .
If you can slow yourself down to the stately pace of 1950 -LRB- a whiskey sour or two might help -RRB- , you might enjoy the offbeat Married Life .
Married Life is a sumptuously shot homage to the spirit of noir . It is enjoyably sour for its own sake and not dependent on a gruesome payoff -LRB- in fact , it sets up a few that pointedly do n't come to pass -RRB- .
A curious , provocative if unsatisfying little movie .
It 's strange how a movie with this many different things happening could be so dull .
Richard 's version is exceptionally insidious , which makes Married Life at once fascinating and unsurprising .
This quiet , closed-in picture with its unsurprising twists and turns , lacks the steamy passion of its pulp roots .
It 's all quite deftly played with a maturity and introspection that may take you by surprise ...
The story is original , the characters complex .
Married life has its ups and downs , and so does this movie . Unfortunately , more of the latter than the former .
... keeps pussyfooting back and forth between asking us to become emotionally invested and playing itself as parody . A better movie could 've done both .
Married Life has enough plot twists and moments of high tension to keep the viewer engaged , but the main points of interest are the characters .
Asks the audience to spend a lot of time waiting for not much to happen .
Step back to the guilt and self recrimination of the 1940s film noir in a cozy nest of plotting , cyanide and the best friend 's lover . Those subject to nostalgia will love this pot boiler every step of the way .
Sachs and Moverman have scripted a potboiler , but unwisely kept the lid on . Their intent is wry philosophical detachment ; the effect is a biting social satire gone soggy .
It 's strange . It 's different . It 's arresting , and it 's definitely intentional . Ira Sachs knew what he wanted to do , and he 's a talent worth watching .
Sirk or Billy Wilder could have done something with it . Sachs still has a ways to go .
A macabre comedy of manners with the sting of dry ice , this 2007 ensemble piece captures the social climate of America in the late 40s .
Married Life is structured like a Douglas Sirk melodrama or a Hitchcock thriller rather than a mystery , but it 's a mystery nonetheless , because it 's rarely clear what Sachs intends the movie to be .
You may not like it if you insist on counting the deck after the game and coming up with 52 . But if you get 51 and are amused by how the missing card was made to vanish , this may be a movie to your liking .
There is a lightness and whimsy from the animated opening credits to the bright and explicit glamour of its 1949 world . While the narrative does n't exactly wink at the camera , it certainly does n't wallow in what could have been very dark material .
The multiple endings suggest that the filmmakers themselves never really knew what their movie was about .
-LSB- T -RSB- here is something off with the pacing . The big Hitchcockian suspense sequence toward the end feels like something from the middle of a movie ; you expect one more twist , but none develops .
Both romantic and subtly surprising ... you can think of it as a comedy-of-errors murder mystery as Hitchcock might have adapted Thackeray .
Quality actors can inflate standard material like a collagen injection , and great performances help `` Married Life '' expand beyond the typical double-crossing .
It 's only about as interesting as ... married life .
Director Ira Sachs plays it wistful not wayward , sticking to essential melodrama and tidy infidelities while dropping narrative cherry bombs for calculated effect .
Cooper and Clarkson are sublime in creating a marriage still filled with tenderness , even as they lie to each other with breezy consistency .
Married Life suffers from its indecision as to whether to be a sophisticated comedy or a heavy dramatic piece and ends up excelling at neither . It 's a regrettable collection of bad choices , missed opportunities and a waste of a great cast .
While I respect what Sachs is attempting to do , and while fleeting moments here and there kept me thoroughly enraptured , by the time it was over I found myself frustratingly disappointed almost beyond words .
There 's gentile satire here , to go along with suspense and sexual intrigue , but the tone of the piece stays too melodramatic to hit its potential to resonate . Every actor pours on his or her best , in a tempered showcase movie that 's worth seeing .
Stuck somewhere between a dark comedy and a thriller , director Ira Sachs ' Married Life does n't really work as either , leaving its strong cast adrift .
One of those little movies that really only exists on the radar because big names were in it .
A playful riff on film noir that starts by upending every '40s movie cliché .
Married Life , a period comedy of manners merged with a suspenseful psychological thriller , aspires to be a hybrid of the sort that Alfred Hitchcock polished to perfection .
It 's an imitation of life , all right , but without much to say about it .
Rather than real emotion , the movie stops at irony ... It 's an entertaining approach , all right , but it does the material no real service .
Just when things should be boiling over , the script goes lukewarm .
This subtle dance around morality is as seductive as the elegantly designed rooms it takes place in , where even the shadows are cozy .
Maybe it is about compromise , after all , because though Married Life has its moments , it 's bewildering as a whole .
The cast is first-rate but nothing goes very far in this film .
This is a period melodramatic potboiler that has an OK -LRB- though predictable -RRB- story arc and benefits from its exemplary cast and terrific attention to post-WW II New York detail in costume and set .
-LSB- Pierce -RSB- Brosnan , by the way , should be happy to have left the bonds of being Bond if he continues picking roles this wisely .
a cleverly scripted film featuring fine actors doing solid work -- nothing more , nothing less .
Sachs gets terrific performances out of his actors .
Sachs avoids the casual misogyny that other filmmakers have brought to similar material .
-LSB- The -RSB- four principal actors are such worthy vehicles for sustaining the throbbing pace and shifting moods of this chamber piece that it 's difficult to single anyone out .
Married Life is much more about the enduring relationship between husband and wife than it is about the excitement between husband and girlfriend .
From the very start , with Doris Day singing `` I Ca n't Give You Anything But Love , '' this is a captivating , atmospheric thriller with superb performances .
Maybe there 's nothing more to say and American cinema has finally exhausted its ragging on the most maligned decade of the 20th century .
Cooper and Brosnan display more genuine chemistry than anything that passes for sparks between Cooper and kept woman McAdams .
Stylish without being overly stylized , intelligent without being boring , Married Life is a classy throwback to the good old days when subtlety meant something at the movies and watching Hitchcock was a good reason to stay home .
All over the place in tone , never knowing if it wants to be a relationship comedy , a serious drama or a Hitchcock murder thriller .
The movie is a goof on Hitchcock and Sirk -- a period -LRB- late forties -RRB- soap opera with nasty sexual undertones and the omnipresent threat of murder .
Cooper gives another indelible performance as a suffering innocent with devilish intent .
This contemplative examination of marriage , social mores , and personal ethics does n't hold together , but individual pieces are absorbing enough to make up for the many uninspired moments , resulting in a mediocre , passable work .
A genre-bender that has elements of Douglas Sirk , Oscar Wilde , Alfred Hitchcock and Joseph Kesselring .
When the characters in Married Life cry out for help , the entire mise-en-scène stifles them with irony .
... a small , low-key drama that 's agreeable enough and ultimately elevated by the uniformly superb performances .
delves into the subtext of conventional American society before progressive politics and the counterculture changed everything .
Does n't have much to say about marriage other than that it 's complex , and often fraught with disappointment , deception and conflicting urges .
Sexual deceit is what wins the day , without judgment . Interesting % u2026 but I kept waiting for the other shoe to drop .
Pic is dramatic but lacks a dynamic ; one can sense the director 's intent and affection for the form , but also see that working in this stylized vein does not necessarily come easily for a filmmaker of his hitherto more naturalistic tendencies .
You know you 're in trouble if the wallpaper is more exciting than anything that happens in front of it .
The film is hampered by a plodding and unimaginative script whose situations are pedestrian and whose dialogue is much less sparkling than the filmmakers appear to think it is .
Teeters between film genres , not ever quite making up its mind what it strives for .
Screens within screens , frames within frames -- that 's the simplest way of approaching Married Life 's allusive/elusive roundelay .





@highlight

Married Life has excellent performances and flashes of dark wit , but it suffers from tonal shifts and uneven pacing .