The Producers is a wonderful elegy for a certain kind of comic sensibility .
The original was far funnier and somehow managed to cut to the chase with less of a song and dance .
Be prepared to laugh from the opening credits through the closing credits .
The play is everything in this uneven movie , which is alternately groan-inducing and side-splitting .
Confirmed my original opinion that the musical version of The Producers was a flash-in-the-pan success that wo n't be remembered ten years from now .
Director Stroman -LRB- who also choreographed the film -RRB- has also paid tribute to the theatre by casting such stage stars as Brent Barrett , Debra Monk , Karen Ziemba and Andrea Martin .
The real reason to see this film is the addition of the musical numbers -- catchy and clever songs , written in the style of classic 1950s Broadway musicals .
Stage director Susan Stroman brings it all in , including the high spirits and naughty fun , though a few more dancers in some of the musical numbers might have filled the screen better .
Shows such affinity for the stage that it barely qualifies as a movie .
Is it better than the stage version ? Not necessarily . But this is a faithful rendition that should succeed in bringing a delightful old-fashioned crowd-pleaser to a new audience .
This is extraneous for anyone who 's seen the original film or show , presumably leaving everyone else to wonder what all the fuss has been about .
Arguably the funniest movie of the year .
It 's a broad , slightly naughty comedy in musical form from the skewed , if not a little twisted , comic genius Mel Brooks .
Barely adequate .
Not great , but still funnier than most other comedies released in 2005 .
Bad taste can sometimes be fun -LRB- check out the Warhol films -RRB- , but when it 's not it turns out to be just plain irritating like this version of The Producers .
My suggestion : rent the original
A shrill and grating production ... watching it is rather like trying on a never ending series of hair shirts .
Laugh til ' you drop - the musical version of The Producers is finally here . When Mel Brooks conceived his comedy satire , the subject matter of ridiculing Hitler was brave to say the least . And nearly 40 years later , it still leaves bite marks .
Little more than the show audiences paid to see in New York .
This is a very funny idea , made all the more entertaining by the actors going over the top - Ze show is unjinxable .
Not up to the inspired example of its classic inspiration .
Ladies and gentlemen , for your enjoyment we present ... Diminishing Returns : The Musical !
When it works -LRB- which is more than half the time -RRB- , it 's because the source material is funny and flamboyant , and the movie is competent in recreating those tones .
A movie is in serious trouble when my pervading thought is how much I 'd rather be watching the play .
Ferrell has n't been this enjoyably nuts since Old School , proving that his real talent is as an ensemble player rather than a marquee star .
The play may be lousy , but the actors are great .
Finally , a Broadway gem made into a film that old-time movie musical fans like me can cheer about !
Shot and edited as though it were made forty years ago , The Producers is a creaky relic of the musical 's heyday .
God bless Mel Brooks .
Not so much a film as an awkwardly framed souvenir of the Broadway hit musical , The Producers needs a live audience like a candle needs oxygen .
Someone involved in the production made the horrible mistake of not telling the actors that they were n't on stage anymore .
All the performers act in big , broad strokes . They create a comic world consistent in its over-the-top qualities and seem to have such a good time doing so that their zany spirit is infectious .
Brooks ' Broadway blockbuster may prove that blustery bad taste is timeless ... Ferrell is so ferociously over the top , I hope the other cast members all got rabies shots .
Esta refilmagem poderia perfeitamente ter sido produzida pelo próprio Max Bialystock .
Works on its own terms and is a version of The Producers well worth having .
` Everything is show biz , do n't you know , ' states Lane , and ` The Producers ' evangelizes this message with fundamentalist zeal .
A painted-pink pipe bomb of broad stereotypes that explodes with some big laughs , but takes no risks .
By the end you 're asking yourself if they went to any trouble at all or simply took a film camera to a performance of the musical itself
You could think of The Producers as a way to see most of the Broadway cast for 1/12 the price of a Broadway ticket . Or you could think of it as a bad idea at any price .
Fans of those movies will appreciate the gesture , but this film is n't likely to make any new converts .
... an unabashedly old-fashioned musical filled with song , dance , and shtick so shticky you could hang wallpaper with it .
The movie is faithful to a fault .
... the film version is often more boisterous and brassy than a movie ought to be .
The jokes are in its tackiness , and gauchery , and raspberry-inducing send-up of Broadway traditions . On that level , the movie works fine -- and is a whole lot cheaper for the ticket buyer .
Nathan Lane , Matthew Broderick and Gary Beach have their singing , dancing and kvetching in the Broadway smash The Producers immortalized on film .
The material and the performers are strong enough to put it over . But there 's no mistaking the final product for a good movie .
Zero Mostel , and Gene Wilder may have set the standard in the original film , but Lane and Broderick have produced something worth applauding .
There 's a song in the stage musical version of ` The Producers ' that , if you flipped the title to pose the opposite question , could summarize the letdown diehard fans will feel if they catch the new movie of Mel Brooks ' gloriously retro Broadway smash .
If it 's subtlety you 're after , go see another movie . But if you just want to laugh , make a date with The Producers .
... a kitschy celebration of all things Mel .
There are bad movies , there are terrible , misguided mistakes and there are unbearable and embarrassing ordeals . The Producers : The Movie Musical is all of those .
On film , Lane and Broderick are stuck in manic overdrive , like a couple of guys who have been assigned the impossible task of reviving vaudeville .
It may not be great , but it is a movie .
-LSB- T -RSB- he most recent Producers is a clone of a clone , and what it adds in song and dance it loses in brevity and , as is so often the case , wit .
Susan Stroman , who directed and choreographed the Broadway show , has shot the movie as if it were the show ...
You 're a lot better off going into The Producers as a musical-theater buff than as a film buff .
The ` zany ' performances are like a well-oiled machine , and , consequently , much of the movie comes across as mechanical .
Static camera work alienates the audience .
enjoyable , even though Stroman 's lack of experience behind the camera is sometimes glaringly evident . ... be aware that the show continues even after the credits roll ...
Maybe they should call it `` The Do-Overs , '' `` The Remakers '' or simply , `` We 're Out of Ideas . ''
It 's not funny , and not because it 's shocking , but because it 's old -- so old , in fact , that it 's just , well , pathetic .
Garish , irritating , and totally unfunny .
Here 's something no movie director has ever said to Nathan Lane : `` Um , Mr. Lane , could you give me a little more ? ''
Ms. Stroman 's efforts to open up the play lack imagination , and all the musical numbers probably worked better on stage .
Though Stroman directed the stage version , she is the wrong choice for this adaptation .
For the life of me , I 'm sitting here at my computer trying to figure what all the fuss was about .
... A ridiculously fun movie .
If you 're new to this crazy Mel Brooks creation , this 2005 cinematic torture chamber is the last way anyone should experience it for the first time .
No one can be wholly ruined in a big fat sardonic musical , a form demanding grandeur , gaucheness , and above all , giddy delights . Unfortunately , this movie musical rather forgets the movie part .
Two hours of non-stop laughs of the most politically-incorrect kind .
... to have seen either the original movie , or Lane and Broderick on Broadway -LRB- I saw both -RRB- is to be reminded what a lamentable knockoff this is .
The Producers is a great outing for the family , if everyone is over the age of 13 .
The Producers ca n't find its rhythm and stride .
So how good is the movie of the musical of the movie ? The answer is : It 's pretty good .
If this film were any funnier , the world would explode .
The major failing for Producers the film is that it quite often forgets that it is a film , structured much more closely to a Broadway production .
Probably played better on stage , but it still makes a good night 's entertainment ... Silly fun .
So bad that it persuades you that the show 's record-setting Tony victories in 2001 were absolute confirmation of the demise of the Broadway musical , not its rebirth .
It 's a treat to see Broderick and Lane reprising their roles - both actors are extremely funny and display impressive singing and dancing skills .
This souvenir of the film-turned-stage-hit accomplishes the tough task of getting third-generation laughs .
I walked out with songs on my lips and a stitch in my side from laughing so hard .
Nathan Lane 's brand of old-school shtick is exactly what this project calls for .
Brooks and Stroman have taken a classic and flattened it into just the sort of glib , tired-businessman 's musical adaptation that Max Bialystock once built his sagging reputation on .
The small , silly details that made you laugh in spite of yourself are only garish and hammy on a screen the size of a mobile trailer .
At least it 's not as horrid as something Bialystock and Bloom themselves might create .
The humor is large , loud and fast-paced , rarely subtle . Watching it is like watching an old movie -- a raucous , randy , delightful old movie .
After a slow start , produces some of the year 's biggest laughs .
Leave the classics alone , Mel . You made three perfect films in your career , more than most people ever could , and now you 've remade one of them badly .
Sure , The Producers , a movie-turned-hit Broadway musical-turned-movie again is pure camp , filled with over-blown musical numbers and over-inflated performances . But that 's what we want in a movie musical -- unadulterated fun .
The perfect balance between silliness and levity
If you liked the 1960s version , chances are that you 'll also appreciate the updated musical version of `` The Producers . ''
It 's not all it was on stage and it 's not all it could be on film . The result is a often jolly , highly-polished compromise , which ca n't be what anyone intended . Or wanted .
O JOY ! O rapture ! This is n't going to suck after all !!! Hooray !!!!
The stage performances have n't been scaled down : Everything is pitched to the second balcony . And Mel Brooks ' material -- especially the retro queeny stereotypes -- is excruciatingly dated .
A good time is had by all , and the spirit is infectious .
The film falls short even as a record of Broderick and Lane 's crowd-pleasing rapport : Both have done the show so many times that every scrap of life is gone .
Enough is enough . Somebody should just stop remaking The Producers .
The stage show veterans have done these roles so many times , they 're more than second nature , and also a little stale .
You ca n't kill all the laughs , not from a script by Mel Brooks , but Stroman sells Brooks ' songs with the subtlety of cannon fire .
If it never quite reaches the heights of comic brilliance that Brooks and his lunatic cast achieved in 1968 , it still generates plenty of laughs .
The picture is so garish and creatively lazy at times , it almost becomes the very sort of vapid spectacle it parodies .
It 's novel only if you 're curious about what you missed on Broadway , but it ultimately disrespects cinema .
Mildness and blandness / Mugging like madness / Who knew that Rent would win this fight ? / Murdering a genre 's just not all right !
There 's nothing subtle about The Producers . But really , there never was , in any of its incarnations .
No matter how you wrap it , The Producers is funny stuff .
First-time film director Susan Stroman has been painfully faithful in bringing her multi-Tony-winning Broadway musical to the big screen , at full volume and as theatrical as ever .
Life would be a whole lot sweeter if every grouchy person were sent to watch the high-spirited The Producers .
This is n't a movie . It 's a Broadway musical captured on film .
Stroman keeps things lively , and Lane , in particular , comes into his own . He mugs too much for my taste but then again , The Producers is n't exactly subtle . It would n't be The Producers if it were .
It 's hard to imagine any but the most hardened grouch being able to walk away from the effort without a smile .
Staged like stale Broadway theater , something has gone awry between the stage and the screen .
This campy production and its scenery-chewing performers -LRB- notably Lane , Beach and Will Ferrell -RRB- inspire lots of yuks .
Finally , in its third incarnation , it 's perfect ... The story flows better on film and you can see the nuance as opposed to the broad caricature projected to the back row .
The kind of screwy indulgence only Brooks could spotlight , and it did occur to me , as I watched it , how much absurd voices like his are missed in today 's movies .
If you 're not laughing at The Producers , you have no sense of humor and if you 're somehow offended , you are a moron not worthy of its genius .
The original movie did n't know how funny it was , which is part of what made it funny . This hits every joke square on the beat instead of a contrapuntal sidelong whack .
a series of pathetic attempts to give stars Lane and Broderick more opportunities to mug for the camera in tepid and unnecessary song and dance numbers
Watching The Producers is simply exhausting .
The Producers is a movie based on a play based on a movie about a play . And that 's probably the funniest thing about it .
If you have seen the play , especially if you 've seen it with the original cast , treasure the memory and protect it . The movie will attack it like a virus .
Not for the resolutely politically correct or the shtick-averse . For everyone else , it 's the Christmas gift that keeps on giving .
An inert musical and a pale copy of a comedy classic .
Looks stagey on the big screen but has some sharp songs and good chemistry between an odd couple .
... will in no way supplant the 1968 original , but it is an amusing alternative for fans of musical theater .
As creaky as the traditional musicals it once poked fun at , The Producers has been entombed -- lox , shtick and two smoking bagels -- as a theatrical fossil , and reinforces the danger in returning to the same material one time too many .
The Producers is such a blast you have to wonder how great it could have been with a director who knew what to do with a movie camera .
Very little of the stage show 's fizziness has found its way into a strangely pallid-looking picture .
The Producers might work okay on stage but it collapses the second the same material and songs get in front of a camera .
In theory , what 's not to like ? In reality , the whole schmear .
It may be that as audiences queue up for this latest incarnation of Brooks ' undying brainchild - - not unlike the patrons who turn back to their seats , mid-exit , during the opening-night performance of Springtime for Hitler - - the joke is on them .
If The Producers is n't the most perfect movie musical in years , then it comes pretty damn close
The new movie is a success , that I know . How much of a success , I can not be sure . Someone who has seen the original once or twice , or never , would be a better judge .
-LRB- Lane and Broderick -RRB- are still shouting to the cheap seats , forgetting that movie theaters are general admission .
Is it such a crime that it looks like theater vet Susan Stroman just plopped the company in front of a static camera and told 'em to go out there , kids , and put on a show ? I do n't think so .
Uma Thurman as a would-be actress is the one bit of genuine radiance in this aggressively and pointlessly shiny , noisy spectacle .
There 's no business like show business , and the musical Producers ' considerable success showed the original movie to have been prophetic -- of itself .
Despite a certain manic energy , the comic schtick between Lane and Broderick feels as stale as last year 's croissants ; you can tell they 've done these jokes a thousand times .
-LSB- It 's -RSB- a little jarring at first on film because it 's so big and so broad and so over the top -- but I like that .
With hundreds of performances in New York and London under their belts , Lane and Broderick have their characterizations down cold .
It 's hard to envision a worse big-budget film version of Mel Brooks 's Tony Award-winning musical The Producers than this dreadfully lifeless affair .
Flaccid , shambling , and ill timed , The Producers evokes the crumbling remnants of its predecessors , devoid of their energy or charm .
The Producers is simply a missed opportunity .
The movie is so poorly conceived , directed , choreographed , and executed by Susan Stroman that it makes its lead actors , Nathan Lane and Matthew Broderick , utterly charmless and the whole musical witless and unappealing .
Carries its lumpy theatrical bulk like a rucksack instead of as the dazzling firecracker it is .
The energy and glee certainly win us over .
` The Producers ' lives on in this whimsical , wonderful romp - a notch better than the original film , and a surprisingly apt adaptation of the Broadway show .
Directly translating the stage version to the screen , particularly in retaining the stage acting , undercuts the film , but still it remains damn funny .
It was strange enough to have such a crass comedy serve as the basis for the salvation of the Broadway musical , but it is even stranger to find myself saying that The Producers is one of the classiest movie musicals I 've seen .





@highlight

Despite the rich source material , The Producers has a stale , stagy feel more suited to the theater than the big screen .