Annette Bening is great , but this is n't for kids .
A beguiling romance about an aging actress at the peak of her career who embarks on an ill-advised , illicit affair with an admirer half her age .
One of the best movies from this year 's Telluride Film Festival
-LRB- ... -RRB- Bening recorre todas las emociones posibles , desde la euforia histérica hasta la más absoluta depresión .
Benning ... brings this constantly disguised vixen to ferocious , flamboyant life .
While much of Being Julia 's appeal stems from no one being as fabulous as -LSB- Julia -RSB- is , the lack of a worthy sparring partner diminishes the fun .
-LSB- A -RSB- perfectly light comedic soufflé that is not intimidated by its characters ' darker undercurrents .
Thank God for Being Julia , an Oscar-worthy comeback role that may just save one of our most gifted actresses from a life of way too much leisure .
Watching Being Julia is like seeing a racehorse with an impeccable bloodline trudging across the finish line with the rest of the pack instead of out in front of it
There have been loads of comedies set in the world of theater , but few have the uncompromising , hard edge this film has .
Annette Bening shines with a glow that is beyond confidence and beyond beauty . She picks up the sometimes-clunky material and carries it on her shapely shoulders .
The film desires to be a biting statement on the stage and real drama . It 's misguided script fails to do either .
Bening great in otherwise prosaic film
Smeared by a very childish ending ... But there is that Bening performance to savor .
While the film is n't quite perfect , it 's close enough - especially in Annette Bening 's glorious lead performance - that it seems churlish to complain .
Being Julia is strangely devoid of the one thing every great film needs : a hook .
Bening ... is radiant as ever and appears to be having an absolute blast .
Ponderous and superficial , and no art deco fashions or tasteful drawing rooms can compensate for it .
Annette Bening delivers her most scintillating performance to date in this wonderfully entertaining film .
It 's impossible to take your eyes off Bening when she 's on the screen , not just because she 's lovely but because she makes being Julia seem so darned fun .
Bening is awfully fun to watch as she whirlwinds her way through this backstage yarn .
Shifting emotional gears with the adroitness of a Formula One driver , Bening delivers a diamond of a performance - multifaceted , sparkling and flawless .
This is a choice role , and Bening tears into it with the broadest smile and widest eyes you ever saw .
A film whose potent payoff more than justifies its earlier meandering .
It is Bening that 's worth the price of admission . She makes even the corniest line ring true .
Bening 's performance rises above the appeal of the movie itself . In fact , it 's one of the strongest of the year .
While I 'm glad that Annette Bening gets a juicy role in István Szabó 's Being Julia , I do n't find her character sympathetic or charismatic whatsoever .
A character like this one has more layers than a viewer can count , and Bening is just brilliant at conveying the idea that Julia is always acting .
I enjoyed watching Ms. Bening in close to top form , and I think you will , too .
The film 's curiosity about the character , her life and her world is little more than skin deep , which makes the performance feel a bit like a conditioned response to garden-variety material .
Bening brings such vitality to the role that she sweeps aside all the quibbles , and you have to sit back and enjoy what is a masterly performance by a great actor playing a great actor .
Thanks to Bening , we 're already rooting for Julia to prevail in all her glorious bitchiness . Why should we have to like her , too ?
Julia may not be a master of love , relationships or self-examination , but she 's sure got this acting thing down . And so has luminescent Bening .
At best this is a witty and insightful portrait of a woman searching for her true identity ; however it 's also aloof and inconsequential .
The little drama queen who lives inside each of us will find Being Julia hard to resist .
This is , of course , the sort of role about which actresses dream , and it is Annette Bening who brings Julia to raging , mischievous , unforgettable life .
Witty and silly , uproarious and serious , this celebration of womanhood is a good star vehicle for Annette Bening , who deserves an Oscar nomination .
Annette Bening is as complete a reason for going to a movie as Jane Fonda was , or Marlon Brando .
Bening proves that the power of a single performance can propel an entire movie .
A pretty good picture wrapped around a great , Oscar-contender performance .
Bening does a masterful job , likely to be remembered come Oscar time .
Being Julia is n't perfect ; but Bening is , and that makes the film sing .
Does nothing to restore Szabo 's good name , but it does a good deal to enhance our appreciation of Bening .
Annette Bening is splendid being Julia-and is just dandy being Annette Bening , too .
A trifle .
It examines the oddity of a life of performances as a veritable crowdpleaser , becoming frothier and funnier as it progresses .
Just because it 's meringue does not mean that there are not genuine pleasures to be found in this light comedy .
Conveys the confusion of real life roles that women are pressured to play out in society to please others , and in contradiction with their own natural desires .
Bening is positively incandescent . The rest of the movie does n't match her , but then there are not many that could .
Not the stodgy costume drama it may appear to be ... To Bening 's triumph , the audience can only love Julia , warts and all , by picture 's end .
Tom is vastly underwritten , as are several characters in the story .
An intelligently witty comedy that boasts the sort of performance from Annette Bening that had wags predicting an Academy Award nomination months ago .
I liked the movie in its own way , while it was cheerfully chugging along , but the ending let me down .
Slender but amusing adaptation of a W. Somerset Maugham novel .
May lack originality but makes up for it in sheer bravado and really nice clothes .
Bening makes the movie into something finer still . She digs into a pagoda-size heap of roles and roles-within-roles and pulls them all out , one by one , deftly .
Bravo - Ms. Bening , your new diva crown is waiting . What a performance .
The 1930s touches , including a selection of background music , are beguiling .
Boasting a bewitching performance by Annette Bening as a 1930s theater queen who rules the West End as Victoria did her empire , Being Julia is a feather-light diversion about a creature who acts her life and lives her roles .
Bening shines , and the film shines too .
Bening 's performance brings everything up to a level of brilliance ...
As a glossy , brainless divertissement , as devoid of substance as the cardboard characters it 's about , it will serve .
It 's a dish of a role for a dish of a gal , seemingly tailored for Bening .
delectably meaty
Bening slips into this role naturally and wholly .
A workmanlike production , perfectly good , not outstanding in any way -LRB- except for the last few scenes -RRB- , but withal worth seeing .
There are several notable actors in it , most of them quite good , but it 's the glorious Annette Bening who hoists this flawed production on her mink-wrapped shoulders and makes it work .
It is a lush British showcase for Annette Bening , making the very most of it .
There 's an art to making this kind of movie -- and Szabó has assembled all the right ingredients and combined them with a delicate but masterful touch .
This is Bening 's field day , and she fends off all comers with a performance that 's astonishing for both its happy invention and technical overkill .
Bening , beautifully lighted by cinematographer Lajos Koltai ... gives a performance burning with joy , wit and intelligence .
It makes Bening a certain best-actress Oscar contender .
The play is supposed to serve as both the centerpiece and the climax of the film , which may explain why it wobbles until the end .
Hello , Oscar . ... Bening 's charisma is so enormous in the film that it surprising the other actors can find any room on the stage .
Annette Bening 's performance is the most captivating of her career .
Playing a West End stage queen in the otherwise musty Being Julia , Bening has a high time strutting her good/bad stuff .
The role is obviously a godsend for Bening , given the dearth of parts available to good actresses her age , and , after a somewhat shaky beginning , she makes the most of it , fully inhabiting this woman .
Some kind of klutzy pre-Blitz version of The First Wives Club .
Light as a feather but a leisurely and pleasurable romp nonetheless . Annette Bening is grand .
Redolent with the aroma of the floor boards , spiced with the overripe theatricality of thespians , and blessed with the grace of a radiant Annette Bening
Movies do n't get much more inoffensively middlebrow than Being Julia .
It 's an immensely satisfying and stylish entry in the grand tradition of films about the theater .
In addition to good performances from support players such as Canadians Bruce Greenwood and Sheila McCarthy , Being Julia also features consummate British pro Michael Gambon as a ghost and young Lucy Punch in a sexy , career-making turn .
Bening alone makes it worth the price of admission .
Everything is in place for a tour de force film . Yet the end result is so lackluster and pedestrian , a more fitting title is Being and Nothingness .
Even with the whimsically understated Irons as the oblivious husband and that lion Michael Gambon as the ghost of Julia 's acting teacher , director István Szabó 's movie leaves no impression .
-LSB- Bening -RSB- pulls out all the stops playing a limelight-loving stage diva in 1930s London , and her vivacious performance should guarantee her a spot on Oscar 's list of Best Actress nominees .
A tour de force and an utter delight .
Bening keeps you off-balance as you wait to see what Julia does next .
Annette Bening finally finds a role that will ease her into advancing age with style but grace .
Annette Bening gets the role of a lifetime in Being Julia , and she runs off with the movie .
Being Julia is buoyed by an ebullient performance by Annette Bening as a middle-aged actress and extrovert who finally discovers the pleasures of solitude .
The filmmakers have brought such breadth and depth to the material .
Playing a star of the prewar London theater uneasily stepping into middle age , Annette Bening manages a hectic plot with glamour and aplomb .
Being Julia is a smart treat .
For all Bening 's high emoting and her trademark giggle , here overused to the point of annoyance , for most of its length Being Julia offers little insight into a woman whose life is ruled by theatrics .
Being Julia is one of the most uneven affairs I have watched in a theater this year . It 's like two movies that have been inelegantly grafted together .
There is n't much about István Szabó 's direction that he can brag about , and Ronald Harwood 's script retains too much of Maugham 's plot and not enough of his coherence .
Annette Bening finally finds a role that will ease her into advancing age with style and grace . If only the rest of the movie could keep up with her .
It has enough surprises to keep you guessing , and for Annette Bening it 's the liveliest of comebacks .
Annette Bening can act but she works too hard to prove it in Being Julia .
A well-produced look at the London stage in pre-war London , based on a novella by Somerset Maugham . The characters may not be as endearing as intended .
Bening 's comic gifts make the most of Ronald Harwood 's witty screenplay .
An Oscar worthy performance from Annette Bening .
As a platform for Benning , Being Julia is a tour de force .
A tart , observant look at the seductiveness of revenge and its generally empty aftertaste .
If A Room with a View looked inside the repressed passions of its characters , Being Julia seems content to just put a frame around them and call it a day .
-LRB- T -RRB- he relationship -LRB- between Julia and Tom -RRB- is beyond belief ... -LRB- T -RRB- he film is terminally slow . It would take less time to read Maugham 's novella than to watch this film
Features a magnificent central performance by Bening to go with its engaging and raucous storyline .
Has some problems , but overall cute , clever , well-paced , well acted and well directed .
A character study that benefits from the slow build-up of small but telling scenes .
A delightful though wafer-thin starring vehicle for one of our finest actresses , Annette Bening .
A wildly uneven blend of '30s screwball comedies and the kind of Grand Guignol melodrama that made me wish Charles Busch was starring instead of the wildly uneven Bening .
A minor affair .
Though Being Julia is an undeniably lush and expensive-looking production , the film never manages to step beyond the realm of over-the-top campiness .









@highlight

Annette Bening delivers a captivating performance in Being Julia , a sophisticated comedy that follows a 1930s stage diva who experiences an identity crisis at age 40 .