Midnight Special is a smartly crafted exercise in exploring what the gifted child means to different individuals and factions ; parents , government agencies , religious extremists , society , and most importantly , the boy understanding himself .
It 's undeniably well made , but its growing resemblance to ET was just too silly for me .
Nichols has yet to make a bad movie , and Midnight Special is not only within his usual style of excellence-despite that semi-wonky ending-it 's also his most accessible film to date .
Nichols builds expectations only to frustrate them . A little of that is okay , but there 's a fine line between ambiguity and obscurity , and he comes up on the wrong side .
Ahhh , science fiction goodness . Just what the doctor ordered .
Taken purely as entertainment , Jeff Nichols ' film Midnight Special is a smart , tersely constructed sci-fi adventure in the vein of classics such as E.T. and Close Encounters of the Third Kind .
Kirsten Dunst has a great role as Alton 's mother , Sarah . She does n't come into the picture until halfway through the film , but she quickly steals several scenes away from Shannon with a gentle , moving performance .
About a month after seeing James Mangold 's wonderful and moving `` Logan '' I was scrolling through the Netflix queue and stumbled upon a film that shares the same ethos ; to project fantastical superhuman abilities through a very human lens .
Part sci-fi , part chase film , yet mostly a story about an unusual father-son relationship , Midnight Special is a one-of-a-kind experience .
While this film is n't great in and of itself , it does still manage to impress , and more importantly , it works as a sign of Nichols ' potential .
Whenever Alton interacts with anyone besides his parents , Lieberher 's attempt to appear as if from another , more developed plane is more often flat and borderline silly than foreboding .
The southern landscapes give Midnight Special a down-home realness that compensates for the hot air of its high-concept plot .
The heavens keep splitting to deliver forked tinsel masquerading as sci-fi lightning .
It has a delicious cast , a great story , the moody backdrop of the back roads of Texas and the lingering , swampy reeds of north Louisiana .
An impressive two-hour exercise in withholding .
Midnight Special is a pretty good film ; its best moments thrum with mystery . In the end , it 's just hard to feel transported by a puzzle-box that does n't want anyone opening it up .
Nichols does so many things so well , and all at once , that it sort of takes your breath away .
There is an adrenaline-fueled elasticity to events that is as smooth as it is exhilarating , all of it given extra potency thanks to the emotional complexities driving things to their conclusion .
Midnight Special is a film about fatherhood and faith , with sci-fi elements that are engrossing , mysterious , and will linger with viewers for a long time .
The first hour is compelling and had the second half lived up to it , sci-fi fans would feel as though they had struck gold .
Midnight Special works nicely , coming across as a lower-budgeted Close Encounters of the Third Kind or a smarter , more human -LRB- and humane -RRB- version of Tomorrowland .
Wonderfully filled with mysterious surprises .
Though talented indie filmmaker Jeff Nichols borrows from established sci-fi classics , this movie tells its story in a new way , rooted in characters and emotions , embracing uncertainty and loss .
Jeff Nichols , the writer and director , keeps -LSB- a -RSB- sense of mystery throughout Midnight Special , always raising more questions with each answer .
Nichols ' decision to play it close to the vest and keep the story shrouded in mystery initially works , but as the film progresses and little comes into focus , it becomes apparent that his script ultimately is n't ambiguous so much as underwritten .
A surprisingly transcendent science fiction tale about humanity and our state of being .
You probably wo n't understand everything on the first viewing , but you 'll likely understand enough to make you want to go back and watch it again . A provocative science-fiction film can ask for no higher compliment .
Midnight Special represents another disappointing entry in Jeff Nichols ' filmography , one that suffers from his usual list of problems , including a lacking narrative , poor character development , and shoddy pacing .
Captivating and emotional , Nichols ' Midnight Special is an easy recommendation .
Nichols is in full control of the emotional beats , the raising of the stakes , and the deepening investment by the audience .
A clever blending of Close Encounters of the Third Kind , Starman , ET and The Day the Earth Stood Still ... writer/director Jeff Nichols -LRB- Take Shelter -RRB- weaves the piece together with a deft balance of tension and wonderment .
As with the impressive Ex Machina last year , Midnight Special is , despite its flaws , another example of a modern Hollywood sci-fi film using special effects to enhance its story rather than obscuring or overpowering it .
Engrossing small scale but big idea filmmaking .
This is science fiction that gives sci-fi a good name .
Quicker than you can say ` Jesus , Mary and Joseph ' you 're in the thick of an old parenting allegory .
... this road trip never reaches its intended destination .
Director Jeff Nichols has created a bleak world confronted with the real prospect of hope , but only if you let yourself believe in it .
Riffing on John Carpenter 's Starman , writer-director Jeff Nichols has crafted a sci-fi chase film whose gravely naturalistic style adds to its sense of portent .
Weirder stuff begins happening , but that 's best left to the movie 's telling rather than mine .
-LSB- Midnight Special -RSB- occasionally feels like it 's going off the rails -- and off its head . And yet Nichols ' cast is so good and his handling so assured that it never quite flips out .
The greatest special effect here is the piercing gaze and heartrending concern of Shannon 's Roy , a father who has just regained his son but who knows that his child 's otherworldly powers will mean losing him .
Nichols is a director who is n't afraid to leave questions unanswered . I left the cinema thinking a lot about what I saw .
An admirable mixed bag .
I have n't loved a film as viscerally as I love Midnight Special since I saw Whiplash . It 's wonderful .
Nothing about this theme is particularly interesting or new , and it 's still an open question how far Nichols can be ranked as an original creator as opposed to a prize pupil . Still , there 's no doubting his craft and ambition .
Midnight Special really is very special indeed .
Nichols is paying homage to Steven Spielberg 's Close Encounters Of The Third Kind , but this work , in its deliberate , character-driven pacing and graceful acknowledgement of invisible worlds parallel to our own , stands in a category by itself .
The big moments are effective , but like Nichols ' earlier films , it 's the quiet moments that linger ; he 's a director that excels when he digs down past genre thrills to unearth their buried humanity .
While Nichols ' much-anticipated new work Midnight Special will not be the film to break him through to a wider audience , there are enough unique qualities in play to suggest his time is drawing tantalisingly near .
Very likely the best sci-fi movie of the year .
Next time someone asks you why there 's no more magic at the movies , point them towards Midnight Special , the rare piece of faith-concerned filmmaking that 's inquisitive , insightful and exhilarating .
With `` Midnight Special , '' filmmaker Jeff Nichols writes checks he ca n't quite cash .
The screenplay seems to meld together various elements from M. Night Shayamalan 's oeuvre , along with odds and sods from other stories , but it is presented with such verve we tend to overlook its derivative natu
The strength of the film is its enigmatic sense of mystery , even the leap of faith required is at times difficult to maintain
It 's a disappointing way for this movie to bow out after starting so remarkably .
Midnight Special , is , indeed , special .
... the dialogue is so muted and dialed-back that it leaves little room for those delivering it to establish themselves as individuals .
There are good things here , some wonderful individual pieces that never come together in any significant way .
Director Jeff Nichols keeps rolling .
Shannon once again delivers depth and compassion to this unusual tale without spiritual gymnastics .
Jeff Nichols latest , Midnight Special , is the writer-director 's most complex and accomplished film to date .
This is sci-fi for those who 've put away childish things .
Gifted director Jeff Nichols takes on another genre in his fourth film with actor Michael Shannon , after Shotgun Stories , Take Shelter and Mud .
It 's strange , but not in a good way .
Midnight Special is a film with many virtues even if it leaves you scratching your head at all the questions it simply refuses to answer .
Overall , this is a tremendous film - narratively satisfying , visually striking , and with a teasing theological subtext , if that 's your bag .
a boldly unconventional consideration of that elusive point where science and spirituality merge
Things do get very weird . But what grounds the movie - and makes it so involving and gripping - is the fervent bond between father and son and the vivid naturalism of the acting .
After keeping his cards close to his chest for the brilliant opening half , Nichols fumbles badly on the home stretch .
In many ways , it 's like a brilliant episode of The X-Files .
Promising but rather confusing .
This is a film that draws you in even as it perplexes you and that ultimately has a very strong emotional kick .
The ride is worth it for the uniformly terrific cast and for the aspirations of this throwback science-fiction vehicle , when brainy stories drove films rather than Star Wars-style eye candy .
One of the many joys in this tense , smart and good-hearted thriller is watching how writer-director Jeff Nichols reveals his movie 's secrets , a little at a time , all the way to the end .
Midnight Special is good enough to make you cheer for it , but it stumbles when it comes time to take the winning shot . It features strong performances , a suspenseful tone and just enough ambiguity to get it in trouble .
Jeff Nichols fashions three-quarters of a terrific movie with Midnight Special , a slow burn science fiction thriller . The rest is merely gripping , which is n't a bad problem to have .
The eventual release from oppression feels a little forced , but Midnight Special lays hooks that stay imbedded in anxious parts of the brain .
A problem for me is that the movie -LRB- marred by a nudging reverential score -RRB- never presents Alton as anything but a benign , even angelic force . The implications of Alton 's power is terrifying , but the movie from the start treats the boy as a gift .
Intensely gripping drama full of smart , thoughtful , personal twists on some familiar sci-fi ideas . Hums with the hope that a better world is within reach .
Midnight Special 's ending almost critically undermines what is , for the most part , an unsettling piece of genre cinema .
It builds slowly through wrenching family drama to imaginative sci-fi sustained as much by heart and emotion as thrilling special effects .
Nichols has earned the right to take big leaps . Even if he does n't stick the landing , it 's a thrill watching him try . He , too , is something special .
Sci-fi , superstition and deep daftness collide in a high-minded but exasperating drama that feels three times longer than its already hefty running time .
Jeff Nichols has made better films than Midnight Special , and likely will again . -LRB- Splice Today -RRB-
It is to Nichols 's great credit that he weaves a compelling , credible story out of all this , marrying sci-fi and the supernatural with everyday themes such as parental love for a child .
Midnight Special is odd enough to keep you guessing and exciting enough to keep you engaged . If it 's confusing at times , that 's all right . The uniquely gifted usually are .
Some films exist entirely on their own terms , while others benefit from a bit of backstory .
Nichols has managed to combine that Spielbergian feel of something magical we 'll never quite understand with a family story that is utterly involving and moving . This is something special .
Jeff Nichols makes it four out of four with this stripped-down sci-fi thriller .
Midnight Special starts strongly , and finishes nowhere very interesting .
This is lo-fi sci-fi with an emphasis on personal storytelling .
The one sure thing Nichols has to bank on is Shannon 's burning intensity . The determination etched on the actor 's steely face never wanes .
If you can tune in to its broadcast frequency , Midnight Special will shine its light on you .
The shortcomings of Nicholls 's movie help throw into sharp relief exactly what it was that Spielberg got so right .
After laboriously creating the paranoid world of the Ranch in the film 's strong first hour , Nichols never returns to it . You leave the theatre wondering what else he forgot , or did n't quite think through .
Whatever it is , absorbing work from Shannon , Dunst , Driver and Edgerton ensures that it will hold your attention right up to the closing credits .
Nichols is the kind of director who favours the slow burn over the instant payoff , meaning that the high-tension , low-drama manner in which his modern-day parable unfolds makes the third-act fireworks even more dazzling .
You watch helplessly as the movie goes off the rails , the suspense and excitement leaking out of the enormous tension the early scenes had generated .
Soulful sci-fi . A tribute to '80s classics , but with a 21st-century twist : Close Encounters of a new kind .
Eventually , Nichols fills in enough details to make for a satisfying climax , while leaving things vague enough not to undermine the earlier ambiguity .
It introduces us to a boy we 're told is meant for something great , but instead it 's greatness that the film leaves behind .
Nichols shows true grace with his direction and choice of dramatic emphasis .
... lightly touches on many familiar genres without indulging in the clichés of any of them
Serving as both a tribute to 80s sci-fi classics Starman and Close Encounters of The Third Kind and an intimate father-son tale , this touches the heart while dazzling the brain .
well-acted and suspenseful , but blows its effects budget in a finale that spoils the mystery and fails to do what it is plainly set up to do -- overwhelm us .
This gripping and engaging sci-fi chase thriller plays like vintage Spielberg filtered through slow-burning , arthouse sensibilities .
The slow-drip plot mechanics lead us to assume that all our questions will eventually be answered , but what makes Midnight Special so damn frustrating is that most of them are n't even asked .
There 's lots to like in this original , atmospheric and well-crafted and delivered movie .
Supernaturalism for sceptics : teaming up for the fourth time , Nichols and Shannon deliver another slow-burn , grounded triumph .
Once the narrative slows , the whole thing unravels completely , and when one character asks , weakly , ` Can we go back to Texas now ? ' you 'll wish you could too .
... a deeply engrossing sci-fi alternative to those a little exhausted with every such film being a $ 200 million behemoth .
The simple , modest-budget , indie sci-fi look and feel of Midnight Special is certainly part of its appeal , but that 's hardly what defines writer-director Jeff Nichols ' first studio film .
When the scope of Midnight Special gets bigger , it falters . The pacing is out of whack , it 's too long and for a chase film there is remarkably little dramatic tension .
The ending does n't quite live up to the sky-high expectations Nichols builds , but the man can sure shoot a scene .
This level of defiance against explanations is equally admirable and frustrating .
Like that vintage Chevelle , it 's a modest-looking machine , with a monster beneath its hood .
Close Encounters of the Spielberg Kind . Big build up to disappointing ending .
It all sounds terribly murky , but few filmmakers are as gifted at making you want to peer through the murk .
A typically idiosyncratic Jeff Nichols picture ...
There is a quiet , simmering intensity at the center of director Jeff Nichols ' `` Midnight Special . '' Call it the `` nerdy kid-brother '' of the brainless Hollywood blockbuster .
What lingers most is the many shots of people just outside the light beaming in naturally or artificially , longing to get in on what they hold most important .
What started with a gripping premise slackens and goes limp .
Epic poems could be written about the pleasures of watching a Michael Shannon character slowly lose his cool .
Perhaps we 've come to expect too much from Nichols -- or maybe he should re-team with Matthew McConaughey .
`` Midnight Special '' is a bleak , joyless film that 's not for everyone , yet I give it kudos for originality .
Lieberher is outstanding , with a gravity and dignity that tell us more about Alton than the special effects .
Midnight Special is the kind of film that raises just enough questions to keep things moving forward , and then answers about half of them . ... What remains unknown should feel like an invitation to ponder , rather than a plot-hole pothole .
The movie has its flaws , but it is nonetheless an intriguing sci-fi entry and an engaging story about family .
It 's refreshing to find yourself immersed in a film that zigs and zags between genres -- and occasionally zaps your senses with an electric charge of shock and awe .
How the film plays out , and what happens to the boy and the adults in his company , may prove a revelation , or a disappointment , or something in between . But getting there is thrilling and wondrously strange .
It 's really just a `` B '' sci-fi film , with formula turns and gaping holes that rob it of greatness . But it 's cladded in `` A '' materials : Nichols ' assured direction , mood-setting cinematography and score and a cast fully invested ...
Nichols establishes such a grounded sense of atmosphere and such superb control of mood and pacing , that the odd hiccup barely matters .
The emotional satisfaction of `` Midnight Special '' comes from Nichols ' spare screenplay , in which the characters hesitate to say what they feel , but we 're able to fill it in because we 've come to understand them so well .
This is one of those precious films that pulls your mind on-screen . It 's magic .
It 's a weird film , one you 'd probably have to call science fiction if someone made you pick a genre , and a deeply satisfying one .
Despite its sometimes glacial pace , a tense , chilling ride that that also manages to be challenging and thought-provoking .
The picture is a long tease , artfully constructed . Mood is all-important , and it 's a mood designed to keep the audience off balance and on edge until the very end .
Even if the film unravels a bit at the end , the set-up is terrific , driven in large part by the way Nichols continues to play to his storytelling strengths .
Nichols gets us to lean in , and to throw away or at least reconsider a few preconceptions about how much and what sort of narrative baby-sitting an audience requires .
More intriguing than satisfying . There 's solid acting and tingly tension , but the story does n't quite add up .
Midnight Special 's greatest asset is simply Shannon , who undercuts his imposing screen persona with deep veins of vulnerability and fear .
Midnight Special is a shaggy God story , withholding secrets without being precious , and hardly ever explaining ... Visually , dramatically , things stay cool , at a distance or middle distance .
Nichols ' built-for-speed tribute to Steven Spielberg and John Carpenter does his influences proud , while also suggesting he 's still expanding his horizons . Right now , he 's as good as we 've got .
`` Midnight Special '' is full of mysteries , secrets , chases , and cults , but when boiled down to its very essence is a remarkable story about a father 's love for his son .
A rare genre film that 's as emotionally involving as it is visually appealing .
When it 's on the road , Midnight Special is a largely thrilling ride , but whenever it stops to take a breath , the magic stops with it .
With so many intriguing story elements presented in the first ten minutes , the viewer can rest assured the voyage is going to be interesting ... but halfway through , you get the feeling this is going to be one of those movies that has no idea how to end .
Midnight Special , a beautifully strange and stirring sci-fi adventure about a boy with special powers , was written and directed by Jeff Nichols , a storyteller with special powers of his own .
Arthouse Amblin ... -LSB- Midnight Special -RSB- is daring , dynamic and demands to be seen .
It summons a shrug more than it does astonishment , but at least it looks good on the way .
If anything keeps Midnight Special together , it 's his cast ... But they are acting in service to the emptiest kind of nostalgia .
Yes , it 's claptrap , but not entirely dismissable , because of Nichols 's compelling grasp of two authentic aspects of American experience : the parochial white South and our continued indulgence of the youth cult .
Already I am desperate-with a Roy-like yearning-to return to it , and to revel anew in its group portrait of those who are haunted by the will to believe .
Midnight Special shrouds its sci-fi story in marvelous mystery but tackles the narrative 's complexities with heart and soul . Another winner from writer/director Jeff Nichols .
The ending would appeal to Alain Resnais , who directed the puzzling ` Last Year at Marienbad ' . But what do you do with a sci-fi movie ? Oh well , it 's finely directed and acted , and it 's entertaining so that 's all that matters .
Nichols 's mythic aspirations are still a puzzle to me ; I 'm not sure he has connected all the dots in his psyche yet , or that he fully brings off his finale . But I love watching his movies .
Stylish and sophisticated , the film skillfully mixes genres and does n't overdose on spectacle or special effects while depicting its close encounter .
Nichols leaves most of the work to the audience 's imagination , and I will , too . It 's a powerful technique that requires us to stay engaged in the film from the start to make meaning from it .
Midnight Special finds him developing his command of special effects in a bigger budget production than he 's done in the past , yet remaining a steadfastly sincere storyteller .
Seeing Michael Shannon and Kirsten Dunst 's faces here , shaped and reshaped by loss , longing , and overwhelming gentleness , is a revelation .
Jeff Nichols ' has made a name for himself thanks to the brilliance of Take Shelter and Mud . His latest effort is Americana meets sci-fi and it 's no understatement to say this is sublime storytelling .
A science fiction tale on a human scale ... Jeff Nichols ' follow up to Mud confirms the singularity of this filmmaker .
Midnight Special is a slow burner -- tense , somber and very sad .
Those looking for a thematically rich experience about the nature of being a parent will get what they want . Those looking for a thrilling , science fiction adventure will get that , too .
There 's solid craft in the filmmaking and the cast can not be faulted , but `` Midnight Special '' ends up feeling like a come-on with no real payoff .
Director Nichols dipped a toe into science fiction with his 2011 Take Shelter . Now he is forthrightly saluting some of his favorite sci-fi films - chiefly Close Encounters of the Third Kind , E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial and John Carpenter 's Starman
In this spellbinding sci-fi chase movie , UFOs take a back seat to identifiable human emotions . Go with it . Let director Jeff Nichols turn your head around .
One of the great pleasures in moviegoing is when you can confidently add a director 's name to your `` Ca n't wait to see what they do next '' list . With `` Midnight Special , '' Jeff Nichols definitely qualifies .
There 's a lot going on in Midnight Special , but Nichols is a classicist who takes his rhythms from his rural American settings , and he doles out details at a pace that feels urgent yet measured .
A bravura science-fiction thriller that explores emotional areas like parenthood and the nature of belief , it 's a riveting genre exercise as well as something more .
Jeff Nichols has crafted a modern-day fable , one rich in character and subtext , and one that in its best moments qualifies as haunting .
At its heart , `` Midnight Special '' is a parable of parental love , a heartfelt look at the challenges involved in loving and possibly losing an extraordinary child .
Nichols keeps us guessing in a way that evokes Close Encounters of the Third Kind . Midnight Special is a more modest , more enigmatic film than that one was , but it 's no less gripping .
Goes off its own narrative cliff , capping a compelling story with a third-act resolution so misguided that 's it 's the dramatic equivalent of punching the gas and plunging into the abyss .
The most compelling questions it leaves behind do n't have to do with its plot but with its creator : How much time should a young director have to make good on his potential ?
I suspect this movie will sharply divide Nichols ' existing fan base for reasons I can only allude to vaguely in a review ; I loved it , or almost all of it , but I can understand the uncertainty .
Four films into his career , Jeff Nichols seems incapable of making a bad movie , or even an uninteresting one . At a time when most indie filmmakers gauge success by the speed of their graduation to Marvel blockbusters , he continues to forge his own path .
It 's also a rivetingly smart and levelheaded piece of adventure storytelling , executed with expert tautness
Little here feels like science or fiction but sci-fi is exactly what this is , from the heart and out of this world .
Midnight Special defines characters through what they ca n't understand , contrasting fear of the unknown with faith in it , and flipping the supernatural into a metaphor for the everyday .
Slow as an inchworm and about as thrilling as buttermilk .
As reserved as Midnight Special can be , it 's also an often dazzling experience .
` Midnight Special ' is a well-crafted science fiction mystery that does n't quite pay off .
You may feel echoes of `` Close Encounters of the Third Kind '' and `` Starman , '' but writer-director Jeff Nichols has ultimately crafted his own unique twist on the genre .
With Midnight Special , Nichols revives an E.T.-like magic wrapped in an original mood and minimalist style .
MIDNIGHT SPECIAL is a revelation . It may sound like the filmmaker borrows heavily from others , but believe me , this is still absolutely fresh .
`` Midnight Special '' is masterful in the way it keeps answering questions and then asking new ones , always staying one step ahead of the viewer .
Terrific performances by Shannon - who also was a highlight of Nichols ' thriller Take Shelter - and Lieberher are the anchors to the storytelling .
It starts off as a dynamic parable about faith before wilting into a glum and rather disingenuous paean to the family .
Nichols achieves a lot by working around , and with , a relatively limited budget , the film tingling with a sense of realism as the story propels forward into increasingly otherworldly territory .
Nichols ' restraint is on-point , his pacing measured , his withholding of information wise . That said , it is to his lasting credit that the reveals work , that the coda is pitch perfect , that the haunted melancholy is both familiar and welcome .
It 's a film that forces you to pay attention and to let you read too much into it , and it does it without even seeming to try .
Midnight Special is exceptionally well acted and often quite gripping and sad .
For whatever weaknesses Midnight Special has , what attention it does pay to character and mood raises it above much of its kindred .
Jeff Nichols and his impressive cast and crew deserve credit for making something old feel fresh again .
Jeff Nichols ' impressive production values suggests that he 's thought through the details of this sci-fi scenario extensively . The problem is , he does n't share them and that can make Midnight Special frustrating and unfulfilling .
It is a chase movie where the chase is secondary , and while we may stare in awe and wonder at Alton 's abilities , we never forget the toll of those abilities , both on the boy and those around him .
Jeff Nichols sets out to emulate Spielberg , and ends up with his own distinct sci-fi film .
Midnight Special gets lost in its once-enchanting ambiguity , and delivers a sci-fi story with far too many questions and not enough gripping clarity .
Visual effects are front-and-center in this thought-provoking sci-fi pic .
Midnight Special does n't stop . It 's intense from start to finish .
The film 's nocturnal eeriness is compelling enough to pull you past several plot holes , and the sudden demonstrations of Alton 's powers are spine-tingling , in spite of the substandard CGI .
The movie makes a gripping journey , into and beyond belief .
A mesmerising picture .
Less a star-gazing look into a probable future than a thought-provoking portrait of modern America and the fear of the unknown many that families wrestle with daily .
If the search was on , or necessary , to find the next Steven Spielberg , it may be too soon to call it decided ... -LSB- but -RSB- might it be Jeff Nichols ?
Nichols ' impressively restrained yet limitlessly imaginative fourth feature takes its energy from an ensemble of characters who hold fast to their convictions , even though their beliefs remain shrouded in mystery for much of the journey .
Nichols displays that rare faith in his audience , to go with the flow , make our own deductions or assumptions , to read into this cross-country chase what we will -- Christian allegory , alien fantasy , or any number of options in between .
The details in Midnight Special , Nichols ' homage-heavy sci-fi thriller set in his signature Deep South locale , are sometimes so scant as to be jarring . Yes , less is often more in Hollywood , but it can also be just plain less .
Sadly , the Spielbergian magic that Nichols so desperately wants to recreate is almost entirely absent from the end product and without it , there 's something disappointingly lifeless instead .
Nichols ' screenplay expertly peels away exposition and drops us in a story already in motion , with scenes set up to infer one situation only to reveal another via meticulously parceled out fragments of information .
Nicholls aims high with this film . As with all its cinematic precedents , there 's a race to a destination , many people involved , and at times the going can be uneven . The payoff , though , is worth it .
The bigger the questions you ask , the less likely it is you can answer them in any satisfying , definitive way , and the human , existential , metaphysical questions that `` Midnight Special '' poses , if you care to look for them , are enormous .

@highlight

Midnight Special 's intriguing mysteries may not resolve themselves to every viewer 's liking , but the journey is ambitious , entertaining , and terrifically acted .