Gives off an inclusive hum
Gondry brings a caught-on-the-fly style to the footage that nonetheless coheres into something that feels planned , or pre-ordained .
Dull and repetitive . Your own reaction to it will depend a lot on how well you like these particular artists performing in concert .
Easily overshadowed by the musical performers , particularly The Fugees , reunited to deliver a most-moving rendition of Killing Me Softly , it is easy to understand why Dave withdrew into his shell , after watching his lame stand-up act here .
It 's no Last Waltz , but this crowd-pleasing concert film offers an entertaining mix of music and comedy .
A concert film for people who do n't like concert films , Dave Chappelle 's Block Party does such a good job of putting you in the middle of the action that only the end credits can remind you that you 're sitting in a movie theatre .
Yes , there 's a little preachiness here , but it does n't puncture the party mood . Or stop Chappelle telling dirty jokes about prostitutes , for that matter . Thanks to him this is n't just a musical feast , but a rib-busting comedy too .
As a comedy , it does n't quite gel . As a musical it does n't have much more luck , but as a showcase for Chappelle 's talents , Block Party works just fine .
The atmosphere is genuinely infectious - the fact that the event is packed , despite pouring rain , speaks volumes .
Chappelle keeps things lively , joking on camera , punctuating the acts with gags , while Michel Gondry maintains our interest , focusing as much on Chappelle 's energy and wit , and goings-on behind the scenes , as the gig itself .
It looks like run-of-the-mill party videos shot by a drunk .
Because Chappelle 's really digging into who people are ... he has the capacity to adeptly grasp such perennial wellsprings of humor as class conflict to a degree unparalleled by modern entertainers ...
One of the best films of the year so far , this party begins with an inspired act of generosity : Dave Chappelle handing out golden tickets to a New York block festival , featuring hip-hop 's biggest acts .
Dave Chappelle 's Block Party parvient à capturer l'esprit de fête , autant celui de la mise en % u0153uvre que de l'événement lui-même , avec une efficacité à toute épreuve .
Gondry does n't seriously push the visual envelope ; all he 's doing is assembling a souvenir , an almost great document of a party most of us missed .
Chappelle frequently fades to the sideline as the musical groups take over , offering a blisteringly memorable snapshot of hip hop 's state of the art in 2004 .
-LSB- Chappelle 's -RSB- an edgy comedian , but his purpose with the concert and film is to make a diverse crowd feel comfortable with one another . More than any message , that effort is likely to be remembered .
No , it 's not Shakespeare , it 's not Citizen Kane , but when a movie is this funny , addictive , affectionate , energetic , uplifting and aware of the world and its people and their hearts , it is just as much a triumph .
LIke Wattstax and Festival Express before it , Chappelle and Gondry 's movie makes you feel as though you 're at a party when , in fact , you 're just sitting in a darkened theater .
This is effectively an inner-city Woodstock -- only funny .
A movie with good humor , good music and a positive message that is n't a complete embarrassment to watch .
a slamming concert telecast that ... proves how raw hip-hop music can translate to film without missing a beat .
Chappelle 's payback to the people is a great and funny documentary-concert film .
Chappelle will NOT be following Drawn Together
This movie looks thrown together , kind of like the block party that serves as its focus . And it has all of the appeal of a spontaneous gathering of friends who , in this case , happen to be some of the biggest names in in music .
the party of the year thanks to some amazing music and a very funny , very likeable host
The theme of racial self-empowerment runs throughout Dave Chappelle 's Block Party . I do n't think the comedian just wanted to organize a concert . I think he wanted to encourage positivity .
I want to see another hour of Dave Chappelle 's Block Party .
Block Party is entertaining from start to finish ... you 'll walk out of this film with a smile on your face and a few tunes stuck in your head .
... the gritty funnyman -LRB- Chappelle -RRB- invites us all to his specialized big event where the conscientious laughter and lyrics are symbolically joined at the soulful hip .
While Dave Chappelle 's recent tv appearances have suggested the reasons for his departure from his tv series last year , this film brings back in energetic , funny , insightful full force , surrounded by people he likes and admires .
This could have been better , but I 'm not sure how .
The cinematic equivalent of that first beautiful day of spring ... when you can take off your coat and go to the park , bob your head with the radios playing to the open , sweet-scented air and watch the pretty girls walk by .
Dave Chappelle 's charming , laid back style of humor , along with some fabulous female singers , made the rat-a-tat rumble of the profanity-laced rap worth enduring .
This is truly an enjoyable movie-going experience for people of all races and ages .
Chappelle invents a few routines involving the backing band that had me wiping away hysterical tears .
A return to rowdy form .
Block Party itself does n't kill , exactly , but its charms are enough to disarm .
A gift to both Chappelle and hip-hop fans .
No one enjoys the free festivities more than Chappelle , who wanders through the film like a kid on Christmas morning . A very funny kid .
Those who denounce rap as nothing but profanity-laden chants about living like a pimp and treating women like garbage will be surprised by the strong political messages that pepper the concert .
-LSB- Chappelle is -RSB- a uniter , not a divider .
Chappelle 's talent and the characters in the movie give it a universal appeal , even to those unfamiliar with hip-hop .
It 's intermittently funny , but it peaks too soon and runs far too long . And for all its length , Block Party does n't tell us much about Chappelle that we have n't seen before .
Block Party makes for a transcendent experience .
The music is angry and the jokes are raw but , ultimately , Block Party conveys a positive message to audiences . Instead of competition , we see collaboration between the artists and unity in the diverse crowd .
Strictly for fans of the musical acts and those who think everything Chappelle does is genius .
There 's an intimate , just-throwing-a-party feel to the whole bash , thanks to Chappelle 's pretension-puncturing humor and the sense that , whatever their issues or accomplishments , the artists are there mainly to share some love with their fans .
By cutting away from the music just as things start cooking , what could have been a great rockumentary becomes too much of a Chappelle celebration .
Two years after going AWOL from his hit Comedy Central show , Dave Chappelle makes a tentative foray back into the limelight with a good old-fashioned concert film that , surprisingly , features very little of Chappelle himself .
Even if you 're not familiar with hip-hop ... , Chappelle 's infectious energy makes this Block Party one you do n't want to miss .
The genius of what Gondry and Chappelle accomplish is to make the music , the setting and the people soaking it all in universal for everyone no matter who they are or what their background .
A paean to both the comfort of community and the thrill of spontaneity ...
Much of the all-ages , all-races appeal of comedian Dave Chappelle comes from his ability to mix both high-brow and low-brow elements into his humor .
If you like the guy and the sort of music featured at his bash , give it a try . If not , give it a pass and check out Neil Young : Heart of Gold instead .
While unlikely to enter the annals of great concert filmmaking , Dave Chappelle 's Block Party does capture the moment at hand with a breezy , offhanded and utterly user-friendly charm .
There are just enough provocative notes hit for `` Block Party '' to stand out as more than just a frivolous good time -LRB- though it can be enjoyed in that way as well -RRB- .
... those of you expecting wall-to-wall sketches and Charlie Murphy are going to be disappointed .
What keeps it entertaining is Chappelle 's rapier wit and God-given talent for impromptu mischief .
Too many great moments happen to list .
reminiscent of the rockumentaries from the 1970s and 1980s which showed artists taking themselves much too seriously
Once in a great while there 's a movie that 's so funny , infectious and welcoming - a movie that makes you feel so good about America and the people in it - you just want to climb inside the screen and live there .
Watching the concert on screen is almost as good as being there .
Block Party puts Chappelle -LRB- who co-produced the movie -RRB- in the host position , and he 's very funny ...
Block Party is a true gift .
... a friendly and hugely entertaining mix of humour and music .
His racial jokes have an edge , but they are not as deadly as the Chappelle 's Show skits .
Gangly , disarming and slyly witty , Chappelle is at ease with people of all ages and races , and has a knack for finding humour without forcing it .
... an off-the-wall celebration that mixes humor and music to amusing , if not life-changing , effect .
His -LSB- Chappelle -RSB- return to the public eye does n't result in much musical magic or comedic fun .
Part concert film , part documentary and part comedy , Block Party plays like a sampler of contemporary rap .
It feels rangy but is also a work of expert timing .
... an uplifting , funny and engaging star-studded affair .
It 's a jubilant , civic-minded lollapalooza .
May prove to be the feel-good movie of the year ... the only problem is that we ca n't enjoy the live performances in their entirety .
Gondry not only captures the energy of the show but also treats viewers to backstage footage that 's as engaging as the final concert .
The film has the pleasantly unexpected result of showcasing -LSB- Chappelle -RSB- at his most humane and relatable .
see Chappelle at his best
The mix of interviews , performances and shtick may make for a loosey-goosey movie , but its ` wish-you-had-been-there ' quotient is off the chart .
A good time should be had by all .
Dave Chappelle 's exhilarating new film chronicles a free block party that was held in 2004 on a dead-end street in the Bed-Stuy neighborhood of Brooklyn .
a winningly entertaining labor of love that also happens to be A work by everyone involved
In a year that has already suffered from the embarrassing shuckin ' and jivin ' of Martin Lawrence and Tyler Perry , it 's exhilarating to see a film that celebrates black culture without turning it into a minstrel show .
It 's impossible not to get caught up in this party 's good vibe .
` This is the best single day of my career , ' Chappelle says at the film 's end , sitting down for a quiet moment after the music and laughter have stopped . And you absolutely believe him .
It 's a defiant act of optimistic patriotism . This is what Dave Chappelle 's America looks like , and now that we get the idea , there 's no reason we ca n't live in it too .
This is one block party you wo n't wan na miss .
Must fun of all , however , is basking in Chappelle 's ability to be effortlessly funny .
A state of the hip-hop nation address that should be seen by everyone who dismisses rap music as violent , misogynistic and sociopathic .
Dave Chappelle and hip-hop greats throw a party to remember .
You will wish you 'd been invited to Dave Chappelle 's Block Party , but watching the documentary about the September 2004 concert event is the next best thing .
There 's an innocent joy and a genial detachment , as if Chappelle 's playing host to his own celebrity . He 's Johnny Carson-ing his fame , as it were .
-LSB- Dave -RSB- Chappelle and helmer -LSB- Michel -RSB- Gondry give a real neighborhood feel to `` Block Party '' and the result is everyone got together and had a great time .
Dave Chappelle 's Block Party is a fairly disorganized film about a fairly disorganized concert , redeemed by the good feeling Chappelle sheds like a sunbeam on every scene .
While the future of Chappelle 's Show remains in doubt , we have his insanely funny concert film , Dave Chappelle 's Block Party , to sustain us .
This is a concert film with real soul , message and emotion . Its coin is all too rare these days .
It 's a joy fest .
Block Party is an uproarious good time , part documentary , part concert film , part who knows what ?
A good-timey vibe lasts from beginning to end of Party .
Dave Chappelle 's Block Party is easily the most fun I 've had in a movie theater in months .
Dave Chappelle 's Block Party is an overwhelmingly delightful and energetic creation , welcoming the audience to come join the fun . It 's impossible to resist the invitation .
Infectiously fun .
Dave Chappelle 's Block Party confirms that he 's not just instinctually funny , he has impeccable musical taste .
What you 'll take away from Block Party is a newfound respect for Chappelle and rap music in general .
Block Party is an easygoing , loose-limbed , big-lunged celebration of , well , celebration .
... an entertaining afternoon of ramshackle camaraderie .
You do n't have to be a fan of hip-hop or even of Dave Chappelle 's comedy to get a huge kick out of this expansive , generous , get-up-and-dance film .
What should be a breezy , hand-waving romp turns out to be a misshapen , lazy flop . One moment it soothes the heart with sweet music , and the next it fries your ears with feedback .
Unique in the manner in which it salutes African-American culture and unity while at the same time exhibiting an exalted openness that makes it clear everyone 's invited to take part in the merriment .
Dave Chappelle 's Block Party is perhaps the first concert movie since Stop Making Sense to give you a blissful buzz .
Lets loose with wit and style .
Chappelle laughingly admits , ` I 'm mediocre at both -LSB- comedy and music -RSB- and yet have managed to talk my way into a fortune . ' I agree . This movie proves his point perfectly .
This rare sense of wonder at life 's infinite possibilities is what unites Chappelle with the work of Michel Gondry , a filmmaker on unusually good terms with his inner child .
A heady spirit of spontaneity permeates the proceedings , suggesting the entire pic , much like the concert it documents , was conceived , planned and completed in a single burst of creative enthusiasm .
This picture remains faithful to the underlying affability of both Chappelle and Gondry , orchestrating a feel-good homestyle vibe that , while peppered with moments of sly political commentary , never harshes its own , slightly bittersweet mellow .
More than just a concert film , Block Party is a great look into the mind of a comedian , captured at the height of his success .
A house band provides a great blues/funk backbone for a mix of hip-hop , rap and soul . All are having so much fun , I 'm not even a big fan of hip-hop but I had a great time too .
Block Party captures a communal gathering with an honesty that makes what could be a dull lack of dramatics into something spectacular .
The directorial slackness is ably compensated for by a climactic set from the reunited Fugees .
The highlight here is watching Dave hand out Golden Tickets to average people he ran into while doing his day-to-day in Dayton .







@highlight

Dave Chappelle 's Block Party is a raucous return to the spotlight for the comic , buoyed by witty , infectious humor and outstanding musical performances .