Bel Ami could have been well-dressed , saucy escapism but as far as costume dramas go , it 's big on costumes and woefully short on drama .
Unfortunately the rather ludicrous camp characteristics of the story , such as Uma Thurman rolling around on Egyptian cotton sheets shouting `` Look at the grain exports to Algiers ! '' are never fully recognised ...
`` Bel Ami '' ends up being a film that feels cold and distant because of the stale lead and a story that makes no room for the affection between any of the couples .
This is the perfect film to cure someone of an obsession with `` RPatz '' .
A gassy , self-satisfied adaptation of the 1885 novel of the same name , threadbare Parisian period piece Bel Ami belies the erroneous notion that costume dramas automatically have a higher IQ than their contemporary dramatic brethren .
Pattinson fails to step up and command this film with his performance , and never settles on anything definitive for his character .
As a caddish young man who seduces his way up the social ladder in late-19th-century Paris , Robert Pattinson looks much more the part than a too-old-for-the-role George Sanders in Hollywood 's watered-down 1947 version , The Private Affairs of Bel Ami .
The film is far too concerned with its ` costume ' and not nearly enough with its ` drama ' .
Visually , the film is ornate and very attractive while the story , based on the 1885 novel by Guy de Maupassant , is essentially a pulpy morality tale about the perils of taking short cuts through life . A very satisfying , rough-edged period drama .
Pattinson does n't work as the manipulative cad that this story demands .
A promising cast fails to save this period downer .
`` Bel Ami '' is a handsome production , yet riddled with weaknesses .
The supposedly cunning protagonist registers as a cipher , and the directors ' tendency to shoot dialogue scenes in close-up blunts any understanding of the social milieu he 's trying to conquer .
All four of the main actors are worth seeing , but do n't expect the movie to amount to much .
Pattinson just stands there as if he 's thinking , ` I 'm sorry if this is n't enough for you , but I only have two faces I can make . '
The women are all elegant and intelligent , they know the ways of the world , and they know Georges ' history . Why do they find him attractive ? We do n't , and that failure is the downfall of the film .
Pattinson 's passion is bloodless , his rakish George Duroy a font of undelivered potential .
Good actors flit in and out of the movie - particularly Kristin Scott Thomas and Colm Meaney - but no one seems able to conquer the essential silliness of it all ...
Robert Pattinson is a terrible actor ... Put him at the center of an actual movie and he 's revealed as an empty pretty boy , a black hole of talent .
Robert Pattinson fits right into this material - a blistering critique of a man who ca n't overcome his self-hatred .
Pattinson 's weakness as an actor is all the more glaring when compared to his supporting players .
Robert Pattinson is bland in sex-filled costume drama .
An unappealing melodrama with a lethargic performance by Robert Pattinson .
Elaborately costumed with Belgrade a posh substitute for Parisian grandeur , Bel Ami evokes a world rich in double -- dealing , power plays and corrupt politics .
The film 's lavish costumes and cinematography are compromised by a melodramatic script that mutes the passion of its characters and keeps them at an emotional distance .
What distinguishes Pattinson in the role is the sense he conveys of someone roiling and churning beneath a surface that is almost , but not quite , calm .
Cramming over 400 pages into a little over 100 minutes not only skips over important incidents - like Georges ' embarrassed return home with one love -- but rushes the characters through emotional arcs .
With that cast , we rightfully expect fireworks . What we get is the film equivalent of a wet blanket .
Pattinson is doing something that should be deliciously wicked and unique , but it somehow manages to be completely predictable in its unpredictability .
Pattinson 's callowness and tendency to play rage as petulance do n't help .
Pattinson 's performance is so enervated that his Georges Duroy comes across as something of a cipher .
An enjoyably soapy 19th-century costume drama with a crackling , female-centric cast that features Uma Thurman , Christina Ricci and Kristin Scott Thomas .
Intriguing political aspects of the story involving military designs on Morocco and the influence of the media would have more resonance if the human drama had more heft .
Although this is potentially juicy stuff , it is as dry and tasteless as a shrunken piece of fruit left in the refrigerator far too long .
Te casting of an inexpressive pinup boy in the lead role is the most up-to-date thing about Bel Ami . Everything else is as conventional as the plodding , pudding-thick score .
The results are n't ribald or provocative or particularly exciting in any way ; it 's just a slog that will appeal mainly to enthusiasts of 19th-century undergarments .
Sure , vampiric Pattinson cuts a striking figure in French formalwear , but he lacks the charisma and dramatic weightiness to anchor this shaky adaptation of Guy de Maupassant 's novel .
There 's nothing inspired enough in the filmmaking or the supporting performances to suggest a different lead would 've dramatically improved the overall product .
... best enjoyed as a period soap opera rather than literary adaptation .
Seems more concerned with getting period details in place than preserving the story 's power .
Robert Pattinson is n't all that bad in `` Bel Ami . '' He just is n't right .
It 's based on Guy de Maupassant 's 1885 novel , but an old-school must-see-TV sitcom has more depth .
It 's the total lack of empathy these characters elicit -LRB- or do n't -RRB- that is Bel Ami 's overarching problem .
Pattinson portrays a man who has no moral code and gets to have tons of sex , with various women of smart Parisian society , played by the likes of Uma Thurman , Christina Ricci and Kristen Scott Thomas . Yet mysteriously , the tedium continues .
Though gorgeous to look at , the first feature from Declan Donnellan and Nick Ormerod has an undeniable void at its very center : an utterly blank leading man .
On the whole Bel Ami is highly watchable .
This new Bel Ami has a lot to recommend it , but it never seems as artful or smart as Dangerous Liaisons , the film it most resembles .
Can Pattinson act without fangs ? Not so much . As a social climber and 19th c. gigolo , his robotic acting matches the stately direction , which negates the sexy , messy theme .
De Maupassant 's story was subtitled `` The History of a Scoundrel '' ; this is more like `` The Summary of a Scamp . ''
What could be hotter than a bed-hopping bodice-ripper in which the movie hunk of the moment plows through three of the sexiest actresses of the 1990s ? Most everything , it turns out .
How do you make something essentially dreary of the sexy progress of an unscrupulous roué in Belle Epoque Paris ? Bel Ami is your answer .
... a relentlessly leaden rethink of the rollicking tale of opportunism and social-climbing in late 19th-century Paris
Though the film is drenched with atmosphere , a vampiric Robert Pattinson has neither the gravitas nor the chemistry needed to bring De Maupassant 's novel to cinematic life .
A coherent characterization of Robert Pattinson 's striving schemer is nowhere to be found in this pedestrian period piece .
Based on Guy de Maupassant 's 1885 novel , Bel Ami is the meandering , unfocused tale of the rise of an unprincipled opportunist in the upper class circles of late 19th century Paris .
Adapted from Guy de Maupassant 's second novel , published in 1885 , Bel Ami is a good film , with some very strong elements , let down rather tremendously by a seriously amiss piece of central casting .
It 's an interesting premise but sadly , Bel Ami is a film that underachieves . I found it a continual struggle to understand the mindset of each character .
With such unsavory elements floating around the movie , it 's strange how ephemeral its charms are . Instead of a lasting bite , Bel Ami is forgotten soon after consumption .
... it finds its feet as a bed-hopping , back-stabbing guilty pleasure , and can be enjoyed sufficiently in that context .
Bel Ami 's journey from rags to riches and many warm beds in between has moments of tantalisation , yet is an overall flat experience .
It 's a strange story , focusing as it does on a man with no moral compass whatsoever . But the design of the production and of the costumes is one of the film 's assets .
A trifle of a romp , strictly for Pattinson obsessives who ca n't hold out until November -LRB- when Twilight takes its final bow -RRB- .
Bel Ami is a patchwork that on close inspection reveals clunky segues , odd characterisations , disjointed character motivations and curious narrative pacing in its craftsmanship .
Guy de Maupassant 's elegant writing , economical but effective characterisations and sharp story telling skills are not much in evidence in this rather clumsy adaptation
He might have fangs in Twilight , but here , heartthrob Robert Pattinson has bitten off more than he can chew , unable to spit out the easy confidence required of a man whose passport to success bears the stamp of sex , lies and adultery
A flavorless literary adaptation sunk by a lead actor , screenwriter and co-directors that are all out of their depth .
Something is missing , and that is Maupassant 's acute and detailed social observation .
A cornucopia of cleavages and lingering close-ups of Robert Pattinson 's trouser department . For some readers , that may be a strong recommendation . Others may find this version of Guy de Maupassant 's 19th-century novel unintentionally hilarious .
Robert Pattinson is proof some guys have all the luck !
Nothing deepens ; no one gets interesting ; and we end right back where we started - not averse to R. Pattz per se , but wondering if this particular vehicle is quite the thing .
Despite a strong cast , Bel Ami fails to make a lasting impression - other than to leave you wondering if you 've been watching a costume drama or a comic farce .
A charming cad romances women useful to his social ambitions in 19th Century Paris .
Georges is nowhere near likeable enough to make us enjoy his successes , and by the end he 's no more corrupt than he was at the start .
Robert Pattinson has to do an awful lot of hollow-eyed smouldering in this hammily enunciated French period drama , taken from the 1885 novel by Guy de Maupassant .
The picture is handsomely staged and easy-on-the-eye but never establishes a fluent pace or tone , while the general point of the story escaped me .
The directors give the story a barbed conviction and the female players , especially , act to the hilt .
Welcome to the costume-drama equivalent of Project X , celebrating misogyny and male sociopathy as just the way things are , and what else can ya expect from the world ?
A brooding tale of sex and scheming that is brought to life by its cast . More playful than you might expect , it 's still a deliciously dark period piece that stays true to the tone of the novel .
More fair-weather friend than fine friend .
The sets and costumes in Bel Ami look the part and , in Declan Donnellan and Nick Ormerod , the film even has two debut directors for the price of one .
All credit to the world 's most pale and interesting heartthrob for subverting , if not entirely upending his image as Guy de Maupassant 's homme fatale Georges Duroy , a penniless ex-soldier whose only talent is in the art of seduction .
Watchable period bed-hopping drama , enlivened by a trio of terrific performances from Ricci , Thurman and Scott Thomas , though Pattinson never quite convinces in the lead and the script is occasionally frustrating .
Declan Donnellan and Nick Ormerod have directed mostly for the London stage , and it shows in their attentiveness to character , but also in the stateliness of the film 's pace .
This ` Bel Ami ' is spirited and sensible but little more than period fluff .
Even with a strong cast to gild its endless chambers and salons , there 's barely a spark of soul to fuel its story .
As George beds woman after woman , with the specific intent of moving up the social ladder , the seduction is non-existent . So too is the hedonism and debauchery of Paris in the 1890s .
A good-looking yet curiously tame adaptation of a saucy classic that showcases Pattinson 's ambition if not his full abilities .
Bel Ami has the feeling of a film that ca n't quite decide on its structure and central story .


@highlight

Bel Ami contains some soapy pleasures but it overall rushes through the narrative and suffers from a vague central performance by Robert Pattinson .