This fantasy adventure captures all of the best of Disney 's irresistible magic and is an experience no one should miss .
It 's cute . It 's a good film for family .
What Pete 's Dragon lacks in originality it makes up for in visual and special effects....second-tier Disney , but I suspect it will be viewed as an underrated film as time goes by .
Pete 's Dragon is family entertainment at its best .
While the theme or the emotional story may not offer anything new , Lowery 's therapeutic execution deserves a watch for sure .
This is the perfect way to update an already existing film - by never drawing from the nostalgia of the original , creating it 's own unique song .
Remarkably , from the very first shot of young Pete and his parents driving into the country side , Pete 's Dragon has a very Steven Spielberg like quality .
This remake definitely gets there in the end , helped by a strong adult cast , a well-constructed story and some superb visual effects .
In its emotional maturity and visual beauty , this is as dignified and fine as any children 's movie I 've seen in an inordinately long time .
The amazingly-created Elliott is a plus , but the real draw is the timeless , heartwarming story that 's brilliantly brought to life by the cast .
Thank god , this thing feels like a kids ' movie that has actual stakes . Remember those ?
... the magic of childhood glimmers through a film whose director remembers what it was like to be little and use emotions as armor when scary or bad things happen .
-LSB- Pete 's Dragon -RSB- is a tentpole movie that feels personal .
A very solid offering that retains some of the magic of Disney 's best .
A film for all ages that will enchant children and remind adults of those times where fantasy caught them . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Perhaps it 's me , but given the choice between living with Wes ` weird kid from `` American Beauty '' ' Bentley and Bryce ` Jurassic Woe ' Dallas Howard and a dragon ; I chose the dragon .
It 's touching , magical , heartfelt and , in the Disney tradition , is prepared to explore its forest setting 's darker byways .
There 's room enough for two Pete 's Dragons in this big old world .
Pete 's Dragon is yet another of the recent Disney live-action remakes that elevates the source material and expands the world it was born from for the better .
... the CGI creation has the weight and presence and personality of a living creature in a film that is deeper , richer , and more joyous -LSB- than the original -RSB- .
In a summer of blockbusters that have been both deafening and disappointing , Pete 's Dragon is a serene surprise success for Disney .
Thanks to its charming story and engaging characters , Pete 's Dragon is a delightful , fast-paced , and sweet film that the entire family can enjoy together .
Big on sentiment , belief and awe - though it 's purposefully small and straightforward in its story .
Based loosely on the original film , the plot harks back to a kind of simpler time , with far fewer entanglements and extraneous story details .
Eventful , issue-driven , well-mounted if somewhat gloomy reinvention of the `` lost '' 1977 Disney family film ... A good ride that feeds the public 's seemingly insatiable hunger for dragons .
Redford , on the other hand , seems confused . Specifically , he looks like a guy who just woke up and was told he 'd be playing the Mickey Rooney role in a Pete 's Dragon remake .
A perfect example of what can be accomplished when a remake of a little known film is made . A great movie for all the family . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A remake of the equally unmemorable children 's film of 1977 ,
This film is like a visit to a children 's museum where we touch different surfaces , objects and temperatures . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Like recent children 's films such as BFG and The Jungle Book , this is another sweet reminder that strong stories and spirited characters are what make good films , and that childhood is something we all have forever .
A vivid and powerful portrait of the bestial nobility involving child mourning . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Do n't think twice before going in to see this magical adventure . You wo n't be disappointed .
A magical tale of love and letting go .
A rare delight in how it respects the intelligence of its audience while still offering up lump-in-the-throat emotional beats in service of a welcomely straightforward story .
Like a great modern song , it somehow feels new and classic at the same time .
Viewed independently of its problematic pedigree , however , this gently meandering affair only just gets by .
Hugely enjoyable .
The result is unusually small and surprisingly genuine for a modern Disney production . The film values friendship , but also acknowledges trauma .
` Be open to looking ' is both metaphysical counsel and practical advice in director David Lowery 's powerful film about a literally warm and fuzzy fire-breather .
Pete 's Dragon is , in the end , an awfully well-intentioned misfire that feels as though it should be so much better .
it is safe for parents to take their little ones to watch Pete 's Dragon . The bigger lessons in this sweet and gentle film are about the family you make , the ties that bind and the fact that you can be a good friend , regardless of your size .
There 's no animation or musicals , just an uninspired dragon . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A classic family-friendly film that compensates its predictable plot with entertainment . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Folksy , sincere and altogether lovely .
Pete 's Dragon is perfect family viewing , and it might just want to make you want your own dragon friend .
A gentle , whimsical tale , focusing on wonder in an age when most kids ' movies focus on noise and movement .
It is , above all , gentle , sometimes to a fault .
... does n't simply want to update a movie from 1977 . It wants to be a movie from 1977 .
Makes you come out of the movie theater with a smile even though is not an extraordinary film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
it is hard to think of a recent family-friendly film with more grace and poignancy
A gorgeous , stirring film that does n't just rank among the best remakes of Disney 's current live-action renaissance . It ranks among their best , period .
A very special family film with its spiritual depiction of awe and wonder in the face of an astonishing wild creature .
There is such a purity of vision to this thing , such a warm storybook vibe , and such a scarcity of the usual family entertainment pitfalls that it feels like the film was made in secret .
A remake of the part animated 1977 film of the same name , this completely live action version re-imagines the story and emerges as a film capable of captivating both children and adults alike .
When it is all said and done , summer 2016 wo n't be remembered for the unending DC vs Marvel feud . It will be remembered for films like Pete 's Dragon .
Your kids will cry through the majority of the film , and you probably will too .
This film packs an emotional punch . It is well acted and directed . There is action and there is spectacle , but it does n't overwhelm the story , which is essentially about human relationships , friendships and love .
One more thing about Pete 's Dragon : You will cry . A lot .
Our best fables and fairy tales are the ones that speak truth , and this version of Pete 's Dragon easily takes its place on any short list of the great films for young audiences as a result .
Pete 's Dragon is one of those movies that talks a lot about magic-Robert Redford , the grandfatherly narrator whose `` by and by '' bookends the film , says the word at least seven times-rather than effectively presenting it on screen .
Lowery 's not just an artisan crafting what could 've been product - he 's creating a road map for how these remakes should be done , if , indeed , that 's where we 're going anyway .
One of the biggest and most pleasant surprises of the year so far .
Disney 's Pete 's Dragon remake is one of the summer 's better movies -- and that would have been the case even in a summer that was n't largely dominated by lousy sequels and tired franchise extensions .
Free of the flamboyance that marks so many kids ' movies , and of the winking references to the past that plague so many remakes , Lowery 's vision is wonderful and big-hearted , beautiful inside and out .
Pete 's Dragon wo n't be winning any awards for originality , but who cares when it does the simple things so effectively ?
Pete 's Dragon is so preserved in its own universe and separate from the commercialism of modern kid 's movies that it 's actually quite refreshing .
The gentle nature and leisurely pace might cause a few Coked out kids to fidget , but most should react positively to the picture 's sense of adventure and discovery .
By turns funny , sad , scary and exciting , this is terrific family entertainment , though children who are easily upset may be disturbed by some of the intense action scenes .
It 's possibly a little too gentle and a few jokes might have made it even better but , these days , Hollywood films as quietly humane as this one are almost as rare as dragons .
It may be extremely slight and even too wholesome for modern tastes but Pete 's Dragon is still welcome family fare .
Although the pathos is ladled on a little over-generously , the handsome photography , the first-rate performances ... and an endearing overgrown puppy of a dragon make this a strong alternative to animation for family audiences .
... . their scenes together are fun to watch . Really , could there ever be a better best friend than a fire-breathing dragon who likes to cuddle ?
While I think that the angry dragon 's fire would singe his inappropriate fur , this new version is a pleasing , lovely-looking family film .
Enchantingly earnest , perhaps the best live-action , family film of the summer ... .
The original ` Pete 's Dragon ' was n't much more than a goofy flight of fancy . The remake , while well-made and well-acted , feels lifeless and uninspired .
Our desire to believe in the magical burns bright in childhood , but it 's a fire that experience in a frequently cruel world eventually snuffs out . Pete 's Dragon has enough charm to rekindle that flame .
Amid the obligatory effects-driven spectacle and playful kid-friendly mischief are some quiet and surprisingly touching moments of bonding between two outcasts .
Pete 's Dragon succeeds as a dramatic reimagining of its predecessor - giving rise to a soulful modern fairy tale in the process .
`` Pete 's Dragon '' conjures the primordial power of fantasy itself .
It 's beautifully balanced between developing a slow-rising narrative that also takes its time to build characters , without ever veering into precious or sentimental territory .
This tale is very well told , nicely paced and perfectly pitched in a movie that does n't make the mistake of outstaying its welcome . And like all the best children 's films , it reminds world-weary parents what being a kid actually feels like .
Impressively directed and with amazing performances , Pete 's Dragon captures the magic and fantasy from childhood , that 's missing nowdays . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
In the tradition of Disney 's best live-action features , this charming re-imagining is a grand family adventure .
Pete 's Dragon is a satisfying and touching family adventure drama .
The strength of Lowery 's Pete 's Dragon lies in its restraint ; the confidence that no single idea or plot point from the source material would be too precious or revered to do away with .
Sweet . Boring .
It 's an uplifting tearjerker , and deserving of your box-office dollars .
A Fantasy/Adventure film in the vein of Spielberg 's early films . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Bryce Dallas Howard , last seen ridiculously mishandling children around huge fantastical animals in `` Jurassic World , '' sheds her heels for sneakers and enjoys a complete reversal in believability , her familial warmth shining through .
Picture the exec who said that scales might be too strange , as though asking kids to dream was n't the point
After half an hour or so of ... stutter steps , Pete 's Dragon starts working on you , much like those gold standards of the boy-and-his-otherworldly-friend genre , E.T. and The Iron Giant .
A Disney vehicle that swoops in to fill us with a sense of wonder . . . Filmmaker Lowery has helmed a joyful re-imagining destined to be the delight of the summer ...
`` The -LRB- new -RRB- Jungle Book '' it 's certainly not , but anyone with a heart should enjoy `` Pete 's '' easy-going resolution .
Pete 's Dragon is genial and family friendly . But there 's entirely too much setup , precious little action , not much magic , and even at 103 minutes it feels at least 20 too long .
Wonderful remake of Disney classic has peril , sad moments .
Nothing like the original . No music thankfully . Manipulative and if you 're emotional or taking kids , it 's a two hanky movie . Kids might like it . Adults will be bored .
Pete 's Dragon is a gentle , understated family adventure , one that feels notably unlike the simplistically sentimental product the Disney imprimatur might lead you to expect .
Great kids ' films will always have something there for the adults but there is no appeal here . Children may get lost in a sense of wonder at the incredibly cute Elliott , but there are better films out there that would be worth picking up instead .
An offbeat underwhelmer with moments of quiet charm .
Pete 's Dragon is delightfully low key and delicate ... It 's a film about characters , story , and emotions that also happens to have a CGI dragon in it -- one that is effectively brought to life through the animation .
A contemplative and beautiful movie with just enough action to keep things interesting .
Strong , heartfelt performances barely compensate for the dull screenplay . It ultimately lacks the magic of the classic children 's book .
A rare family film that takes its time and allows the characters to breathe , to romp in the forest , to gaze at stars ... I wish I 'd grown up watching this film instead of the original .
`` Pete 's Dragon '' is nearly perfect family entertainment . Grab your children -- or go alone !
... -LSB- a -RSB- hopeless mishmash of , among other things , The Jungle Book , Tarzan , E.T. , and King Kong ...
Turning , ` Ugh , another remake ' into , ` hey , I would n't mind a Pete 's Dragon 2
Painted in vivid colors , flush with love and alive with whimsy , Pete 's Dragon is a superbly sweet and earnestly enchanting delight .
The next ` Stranger Things ' ... channels Spielberg 's adventure spirit and then soars higher with authenticsweetness and scares .
The kind of film that can entertain more attentive and patient children simply by putting a memorable world and memorable characters onscreen .
A lovely , old-fashioned remake with a wonderful family friendly vibe .
It 's a magical small tale with a big critter and a big heart . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Scary Stuff for young kids , etc. - also Available -RRB-
It is all refashioned in just the right way with just the right level of sincerity to make the project seem like less of a cash grab and more an honest effort to entertain and enthrall .
Rather than a big , special effects-driven blockbuster , this remake of the 1977 Disney musical has the homespun feel of a children 's book come-to-life .
While the sentimentality is as tangible as the surroundings , nothing is overcooked or forced home .
Funny , heartwarming and glorious to look at , it 's as if the technology has finally caught up with the story .
More wistful and introspective than most family movies this year , Pete 's Dragon is deeply moving and unforgettably touching . This is timeless storytelling .
It 's a deeply affecting experience , and while the film remains just a boy-and-his-dragon story in the end , its depths hold wisdom and comfort .
I took my twin ten-year-old nieces and they sat on the edge of their seats throughout , utterly rapt , then pronounced the film ` really , really , really good ' .
Pete 's Dragon may owe more to E.T. : The Extraterrestrial , along with a dash of The Jungle Book , than it does to the original Pete 's Dragon .
The goofy , cartoonish elements are gone , as are the musical numbers . But no one can quite settle on what should replace them .
It is slightly unfair to say that this reboot of `` Pete 's Dragon '' is middling on a larger scale , but it 's not entirely inaccurate either .
Pete 's Dragon , a remake of a 1977 Disney movie , is a determinedly old-fashioned kids ' film , consummately crafted and with a subtlety that brasher , noisier children 's movies conspicuously lack .
Genuinely enchanting .
It is free of cynicism ; devoid of pop songs , sassy kids or fart jokes ; and centered around concepts of real-life magic and wonderment . This makes Pete 's Dragon stand out in the 2016 kid-flick landscape .
Most other kids ' movies are so frenetic , so manic with lousy jokes and easy gags and visual effluvia that something as calm in spots as Pete 's Dragon seems like an outlier .
The near-feral child at the center of this movie puts it on the same turf as the remake of The Jungle Book , but Pete 's Dragon is a better film in almost every way , and it succeeds where The BFG notably failed .
The subtly beautiful Pete 's Dragon is a family drama that works because it does n't talk down to children .
-LSB- Director David -RSB- Lowery may be retreading familiar territory here , but he does it well .
This is old-school Disney using 2016 magic .
Thanks to director David Lowery 's humanizing magic , this tale of an orphan boy and a dragon is that rare family film you really can take to heart .
Lowery 's affecting tearjerker strips away the excess and keeps on stripping , until all that 's left is the elemental friendship between boy and beast and a lovely affirmation of family , community , and the preciousness of the natural world .
David Lowery has crafted a beautiful , earnest family film with wonderful emotion and pathos that should see it continually watched for years .
None of this works if the dragon is n't convincing , both as an effect and as a character . It is on both counts ...
A cinematic enchantment , a low-key 1970s-style kids ' movie brimming with sincerity and heart . It 's one of the best films of the year .
Elliott breathes fire , and the film around him breathes humanity .
A slow movie for kids , and an infuriatingly unconvincing one for adults .
Elliot is a simply brilliant creation .
Pete 's Dragon is a fun , unabashedly kid-friendly film that makes old-fashioned , simple storytelling cool again .
Every scene snaps and crackles with so much popping energy that we can easily set aside the story 's inherent silly parts and be swept along in a vintage formula Walt Disney family movie that works .
Your kids are guaranteed to start crying within the film 's opening five minutes . That 's the bad news . The good news is that they 'll stop within its next five as their fear gives way to calming waves of wonder .
Pete 's Dragon seemed an unlikely choice for a reboot , yet this Dragon is one to believe in .
It has a distinct hippie-folktale aesthetic , riffing on the idea that the natural world holds breathtaking secrets if we just know where to look .
While it may not be as action-packed or humorous as some have come to expect from the genre , it 's still a welcome sight and shows that there 's not just magic in the forest , but still some at the multiplex as well .
Pete 's Dragon has the power to breathe fire into the most tepid of souls .
While `` Pete 's Dragon '' does a fine job of evoking the delight one might feel at flying over hill and dale on the back of a mythological creature , it is less successful in rendering real human emotion .
Generating at least three irresistible big-hanky sobs in the closing half-hour , Pete 's Dragon delivers the emotional punch that The BFG so sorely missed .
Rather than the cinematic sheen of most animated kid-pleasers , the whole film has the no-gloss texture of vintage woolens from a consignment shop .
Experiencing `` Pete 's Dragon '' is like seeing something thought to be extinct , a creation every bit as magical and mythical as the flying , fire-breathing beast it 's named after . That would be the straight ahead , unapologetic family film .
A sense of fun is notably missing , but the movie works well - maybe too well - as an emotionally wrenching story about a child who must put childhood behind him .
A sweet movie with a good message about how magic can be found , if you know where to look .
My mini-focus group - Fiona , Joe and Iris - was rapt .
The Mouse House has skillfully rummaged through its mothballed back catalog and given a 21st-century makeover to one of its lesser , goofier titles , with magical results .
sort of a kiddie Malick
While Lowery 's soulful , more character-driven adaptation is a refreshing change of pace from the typical summer film , it never really goes anywhere .
Kids , grown-ups , and CG creations alike deliver polished , even affecting drama .
`` Pete 's Dragon '' takes us back not to the 1977 film that loosely inspired it but to the generation before that , when movies for kids were really for kids ...
The film overhauls its source material into a soulful recovery fable for kids , establishing in the process that bad movies-the kind that squander their premises-are much more ripe for remaking than good ones .
A stand-out in 2016 's summer of reboots , this is a charming fantasy adventure that will make you wish you had a dragon of your own .
With the sun-dappled images and the lush forest setting , Lowery aims for a sense of wonder and majesty , but his story never really gets off the ground .
It 's a wonderful film , an unexpectedly triumphant reworking of the earlier picture , assembled by a talented and patient production team committed to launching a new `` Pete 's Dragon '' that 's all heart .
With ` Pete 's Dragon ' you sense a rare opportunity for a Disney classic slipped through the filmmakers ' fingers .
This is one of the season 's most heartening surprises .
Pete 's Dragon is a work of delicacy and joy and profound empathy , a film made by a corporation for a mass audience that somehow manages to be lyrical . Against all odds , it 's exquisite .
As remakes go , Disney 's latest might just be their best one yet , soaring to such stratospheric heights I almost ca n't help but be amazed .
It 's not merely a throwback ... but one that recaptures the endearing qualities with which the best of its models won over audiences .
Pete 's Dragon is a nice little Disney film , and my use of the words `` nice '' and `` little '' is in no way intended to be dismissive .
The Disney remake of Pete 's Dragon is a heartwarming , 3-D , eco-friendly fairy tale about saving forests and believing in magical things that are not always easy to see .
A film of uncommon warmth , decency , and humanity .
There should be more American family movies like `` Pete 's Dragon . '' Since there are n't , we should get behind this one .
Lowery 's new take on Pete 's Dragon embraces a certain kind of vintage , willing and able to believe in far-fetched magic . No video cameras , no VCRs , no Snapchat . It 's just a tall tale about a boy and his best friend , a fuzzy green dragon .
It 's heartfelt and beautiful in its simplicity , ending with a series of perfect moments that will cement it as a true Disney classic .
The new `` Pete 's Dragon '' could be another pox on the multiplexes ; instead it 's closer to the cure .
To borrow the tagline of Superman I , you 'll believe a dragon can fly . You 'll even believe he can feel .
After an opening that briefly borders on shocking , David Lowery 's remake of the 1977 film keeps its enormous paws safely on the beaten path .
I 'm not sure who begged for a Pete 's Dragon reboot , but I 'm glad they did so Disney could show how to properly revamp an existing property .
Where the original was a goofy , campy bit of stylized storytelling , Lowery 's becomes a nicely realized , feel-good love song to fantasy and magic .
This is one of the season 's most heartening surprises .
All one needs to grasp is the hope and inherent magic of a kid and a dragon being BFFs , then let the feels flow from there .
A heart-warming tale of friendship -LRB- bringing to mind Spike Jonze 's Where The Wild Things Are -RRB- loaded with ecological themes that is more robust and rousing than the 1977 original .
Disney 's update of Pete 's Dragon is n't nearly as whimsical as the original , but stands on its own with heart and meaning .
The movie feels like a rock coated in cotton candy , a shiny object that simulates human-type emotions but never truly earns them .
While undoubtedly engaging , there 's a distinct lack of enchantment that the story deserves .
A comforting throwback to the studio 's days of dependable family fare .
Sylan , stately and slow ... almost magical .
This modern version , directed with Spielbergian charm and mystery by indie filmmaker David Lowery , can cast a spell on anyone whether they 're familiar with the original or not .
Pete 's Dragon is a terrific film for the entire family , full of magic , wonder , and joy .
Just because you CAN remake a piece of crap like this does not mean that it 's a good idea .
An uplifting tale that will resonate with anyone who has ever experienced love and loss .
A quality live-action feature conjuring the kind of brazzle-dazzle spell for which Disney is known and cherished . Musical numbers or not , `` Pete 's Dragon '' is pretty enchanting .
More like a pleasant walk in a redwood forest with a boy and his dragon than a rollicking adventure , but its serenity and warm heart are infectious .
` Pete 's Dragon ' is the best `` big '' movie of the summer .
It may seem absurd that a creature from the Dark Ages could be hiding out just a quick car ride from Portland . But then Lowery takes you into the green hush of those dark woods and you believe .
All the nostalgic Spielberg-y-ness of ` Stranger Things ' , minus the creepy kids with paranormal nosebleeds .
Instead of straining to modernise the tale or weaponise the schmaltz , -LSB- Lowery -RSB- utilises old-school charm and a timeless sense of place .
The quality of Disney 's wholesome movie-fare for children is skyrocketing . When Pete has to say goodbye to his dragon , I guarantee your eyes will explode tears . Wonderful stuff .
What `` Pete 's Dragon '' lacks in original plot , it makes up for in heart , a satisfying Disney hug delivered with a modern Mowgli and his magical monster .
Subplots including environmental consciousness for kids never materialize enough for this mostly somber tall tale , to latch on to a clearing out of these woods . Not to mention a little Paul Bunyan pick-me-up that might have lightened up the proceedings .
Elliot is a triumph , a new ideal for fantasy creatures .
What Lowery 's remake does best is convey classic Disney magic in a family film that 's as uplifting for kids as it is for adults .
Dull at times but otherwise fine , this fantasy remake tends to excel from the realism instilled into its animated title character .
The film is confident enough in its own weatherbeaten skin to take on no more plot than is strictly necessary , and its most affecting scenes are all character-driven moments with no real bearing on the story .
The result is part ET , part Jungle Book , part Peanuts . It 's sweet and soulful and Spielberg-ish , but with a bitter streak .
Rather more plodding than a story involving an invisible fire-breathing wyvern really should be , all things considered .
The candy-coloured elements of the 1977 original have gone but , perhaps inevitably for Disney , traces of sticky sentiment remain in this otherwise enjoyably earthy re-imagining of Pete 's Dragon .
Pete 's Dragon is stuffed full of heart , wild emotion and an overflowing love of nature .
The 1977 original definitely was n't Disney on top form , but this 2016 ` reimagining ' of the orphan boy-meets-dragon tale certainly does n't set the screen alight .
Pete 's Dragon is a remake in all the right ways , taking cues from the original but reimagining the story for a very different audience living in a very different era .
Strong performances and direction make the most of a lightweight tale .
More than anything , this is a slice-of-life tale , whisper-thin but still full of feeling and a generous sense of place . With the world 's most adorable dragon at the center of it all .
It abandons its subtlety and sense of mystery en route to becoming a typically moralistic screed about the preservation of the nuclear family , alongside an obvious but never-quite-resolved cautionary tale about the importance of conservation .
Pete 's Dragon is an excellent entry in Disney 's catalog of live-action remakes ... -LSB- A -RSB- s American folktales go , it 's the best I 've heard in a long , long time .
Technically smart and emotionally intelligent , with this endearing bauble of a film containing a big beating heart inside .
A warm , wistful , and wholly wonderful remake of a 1977 Disney musical that today 's kids have never heard of and yesterday 's kids have long since forgotten .
One of the year 's most delightful moviegoing surprises , a quality family film that rewards young people 's imaginations and reminds us of a time when the term `` Disney movie '' meant something ...
This `` Pete 's Dragon '' boasts a gentle , subdued tone , and the filmmaker behind the atmospheric indie `` Ai n't Them Bodies Saints '' has crafted a follow-up with the same folkloric quality .
Pete 's Dragon is a better Super 8 .
Pete 's Dragon has an emotional sensitivity , aesthetic clarity , and all-around sense of fun that creates what feels like an unearned miracle in the current summer tentpole season .

@highlight

Pete 's Dragon continues Disney 's current live-action winning streak with an update that gives the original a visual overhaul without overwhelming its sweet , soulful charm .