The Princess and the Frog will certainly be remembered years later as not only a pioneer Disney movie , but also one that allowed audiences to never let go of their dreams and that with love anything is possible , no matter your age or color .
Sweet songs inspired by the Jazz Era setting , a happy story and a heroine with ambition ; this is Disney as I remember it and now your children can too .
Tiana is a wonderful Disney princess ; let 's hope she gets to come back in a livelier vehicle .
A story everyone can enjoy .
The sweet finale ensures that the whole thing ends on a positive note , admittedly , but it 's simply not enough to compensate for The Princess and the Frog 's otherwise lackluster , overly familiar sensibilities .
The backgrounds are beautifully drawn . There are sunny days in the French Quarter , spooky nights among live oaks hung with Spanish moss , and a rousing denouement at the Mardi Gras .
The styles are varied , but always in tune with the narrative content , ensuring there 's never an unwelcome eyeful of colour and motion .
With this delightful romantic comedy -LRB- produced by CGI expert John Lassiter of Pixar fame -RRB- , the Disney Studio returns to the traditional , hand-drawn animation style of Walt 's classic period .
Visually lush , the film strikes me as the most American of the Disney Princess movies , using uniquely American iconography to paint the fairy tale .
Lovely as it all is , it 's not the classic Disney 's pitching for . It 's a nice one for littlies , but adults may find it more of a visual experience than an emotional one .
The Princess and the Frog serves up a scrumptious jambalaya of delectable elements old and new .
If the film boasts any advantages over digital , it 's in the pastel richness of its colours and the elasticity of its characters , who enjoy a degree of comic flexibility and range of expressions we still do n't get from computers .
Tiana can easily take her place alongside Belle and Arial , even if she 'll never quite reach the level of Snow White or Cinderella .
While the film 's plot wo n't surprise anyone it is the wonderful combination of craftsmanship and showmanship on the part of Disney that has created a stunning work , to be enjoyed time and again .
There 's some magic left in traditional animation after all .
Even when the serious stuff falls flat and the racial caricaturing gets a little sticky , the movie still has its moments .
It 's fluffy and enjoyable , with an infectious Randy Newman song score and sumptuous animation to compensate for a bland story that goes on longer than it should .
The Princess and the Frog is never boring , and that 's a bad thing . Once it gets going , it rarely slows down , as though doing so would mean parting ways with kids ' attention spans -- or shine light on what 's a pretty thin storyline .
The Princess and the Frog is dazzlingly colourful and , considering the advances in computer-generated imagery in recent years , more than matches its contemporaries in levels of artistry .
Its approach is both daring and traditional at the same time .
The Princess and the Frog almost sounds better than it looks , and it looks nostalgically wonderful .
It benefits from a funny script and a useful message about relying on hard work rather than wishes to succeed .
The Princess and the Frog is a striking film , old-fashioned and original at the same time .
Disney 's return to hand-drawn animation pays off triumphantly in this charming , tune-filled romantic comedy .
Now , I love modern animation , but there 's a warmth to the look of Princess that I 'm not sure could be derived on computers .
The nineteen-twenties jazz-age setting and the primal-adventure storytelling are boilerplate Disney , scrubbed clean of any real local color .
Working in tandem with the images , the music helps make the movie a triumph of atmosphere -- you get a sense of place that 's missing from lots of other Disney films .
-LSB- The film is -RSB- colourful , funny and imaginative and should be a favourite with younger children in theatres and on DVD .
The film looks great and has excellent voice talent , but the story itself is not particularly entertaining and the music is quickly forgettable and could have been much better with someone else writing the songs .
This teeming gumbo of characters , songs and story set in the jazzy , culturally rich French Quarter of New Orleans during the 1920s is n't just another Disney fairytale .
It 's a very cute film , a very accessible work for children and families .
After paying her dues in crapfests like From Justin to Kelly and winning a Tony on Broadway and playing third fiddle to Beyonce and J-Hud in Dreamgirls , it 's about time someone cast Anika Noni Rose as the lead in something .
Somehow , the result is both magically old-fashioned and wonderfully modern , the natural evolution of the heartwarming , rib-tickling , toe-tapping Disney treasures of yesteryear .
The result is a pretty standard old-style Disney story -- of damsel up against exotic challenges -- that 's very nicely spiced up by its unique setting .
The splash of Mardi Gras-set colour and excitement is thrilling to watch ; the emotional bond between characters and patrons strong .
A spectacular throwback to past glories , The Princess and the Frog more than lives up to the high standards of this years animation releases .
Feeling like a collection of Disney Princess greatest hits with a Southern flair , this latest Disney animated feature may look gorgeous but it 's lacking in `` magic . ''
Despite the honest , authentic ideals , Disney 's traditional animation studios ca n't cope with the imagination or storytelling of their colleagues , Pixar .
When you wish upon a star -LRB- in New Orleans -RRB- , you ca n't always get what you want . But if you try sometimes , you might find -LRB- wait for it -RRB- you get what you need .
The best hand-drawn Disney animation feature in over a decade .
click to read full review
A heady dose of nostalgia , and the question left in our heads after seeing it is , ` why did -LSB- Disney -RSB- ever stop making these ? '
As far as its aim goes , what 's not to appreciate ? But its reversion to an old classic and the technology of a prior day pervades its spunky activity with a blunting derivativeness .
The character design ... and detailed artwork combine to create a New Orleans that has one foot in realism and one in fantasy .
This film will charm little princesses everywhere and is a vibrant addition to the Disney catalogue .
The animation is lush and the screwball dynamic between Tiana and Naveen lively .
A charming and fun tale for children and adults alike .
Exactly as good as Musker and Clements ' earlier efforts , so a return to the form of Disney 's early 1990s classics . The animation is gorgeous , the heroine feisty and the animals amusing - but this may be too scary for the very small .
Randy Newman 's songs are a little too blandly Randy Newman-ish and the story is uneven , but there are some great characters , some even better jokes , a general sense of good humour and that entrancing , eye-ravishing old-school animation .
It 's a nice set-up , but the supporting cast are retreads of characters we 've seen many times from Disney throughout the ages , and their wisecracks wo n't measure up for a grown-up crowd .
The closest yet that Disney 's traditional 2-D animation has come to threatening the supremacy of the computer-generated Pixar-style tales .
Disney may wish to reach out to people of colour - but the colour green was n't what we had in mind . It 's a moderate film , nowhere near the Toy Story league .
Intermittently appealing and great to look at , this does n't add up to classic Disney , but it 's heaps better than the gruesome Home on the Range , which looked to be the last gasp of these old-style toons . It proves there 's life in dem bones yet .
Princess is a welcome throwback and a reminder of Disney 's filmmaking legacy . The excellent craftsmanship , madcap supporting characters and unique backdrop will be refreshing to those who are all pixeled out by the never-ending onslaught of digital toons .
At the end of the day , it 's okay . But when it comes to animation from Disney , ` okay ' is a bit of a let-down .
Disney 's attempt at an instant animated classic will impress the kids , but leave older Mouseketeers wistful for former glories .
This is a likeable enough Southern-fried fantasia but it lacks the transporting magical quality of other more memorable Disney efforts .
The Princess And The Frog is n't perfect , but it is highly entertaining . Its charming , feelgood escapism will amuse young and old alike . It has a witty take on the old fairy tale , lively characters and colourful visuals .
The issue of race is delicately handled , though , leaving you to hum along to Randy Newman 's excellent score , laugh at the screwball interplay between waitress and prince , and drink in the terrific animation .
Though the humour is mainly for the kids , you may shed a nostalgic tear for that first time you witnessed the innocence of an old Disney cartoon .
New Orleans is as exhaustively filled-in as Pixar 's imagined worlds .
Disney have turned the funeral march for old-school animation into a jolly hand-crafted pageant that shows vibrant signs of life even in the age of Avatar .
A bright , peppy , lushly animated musical . If Disney is ever going to recapture some of the old magic , then The Princess and the Frog is a hop in the right direction .
With some gorgeous hand-drawn sequences , The Princess And The Frog may stick to a well-worn formula but it is a formula that works to perfection .
A burst of feel-good sunshine in a grey January .
This has a lot to commend it , and it is n't just nostalgia for the Disney past . It 's a visual treat .
The Princess and the Frog is a hugely enjoyable , beautifully animated adventure that 's fun for all the family .
Gorgeous imagery and an energetic story make this one of Disney 's most enjoyable animated features . And the fact that the studio has returned to an eye-catching hand-drawn style is very good news for an industry that 's in a visual rut .
The Princess And The Frog is old-school Disney - the first animation of theirs for a good 12 years to recapture the magic of their early 90s output .
Though old school in craft , Disney proves that a good story infused with terrific music and lovable characters can still be a winning formula .
like one of the characters at the film 's masked ball , The Princess And The Frog is the Disney film that pretends not to be a Disney film , but in the end can not help lowering its mask and reverting to type .
It 's likely that The Princess and the Frog will be remembered for being the first Disney animation to feature a black princess , rather than for being a great movie .
Though the animation technique here is old school , it 's zippy and quick-witted and the story skills that elevate Pixar 's work are on display .
Disney are back doing hand drawn animation , and despite a slightly stuttering start to shake off the cobwebs , they 're still doing it very well .
Ron Clements and John Musker 's vibrant , emotionally resonant movie earns extra points for not only giving platform to carry on and trumpet the recently muted voice of majestic and mysterious New Orleans , Louisiana , but also for introducing a princess whos
Advertising campaigns be damned , the film is most progressive in its decision to not emphasize the color of its hard-working heroine 's skin .
If you have any little girls on your premises , they will eat this up like a pack of caffeinated dingos .
Wonderful classic story , flawless hand-drawn animation , fun and appropriately arranged music , it 's all there . To every parent of a young girl who has sworn fealty to the galaxy of Disney princesses , this movie turns that nonsense on its head .
This movie does n't just concern itself with magic , it is magic , pure joy and rapturous glee oozing off of every frame .
It does n't tread much new ground , but that 's beside the point . The lack of a black princess in Disney 's repertoire was as appalling as it was glaring . This otherwise excellent film makes a solid effort to remedy that .
An instant animated classic destined to delight kids of all ages for generations to come !
Never lose sight of what is really important is the moral of this enchanting Disney animation whose jazzy and funky twist on the original fable brings a degustation of surprises , laughter and music .
Once again , Disney gives animation the royal treatment in ` The Princess and the Frog . '
Brilliant artwork offset by weak characters and forgettable songs .
So is The Princess and the Frog the start of a new era , or merely a hiccup that will quickly be stifled ?
Despite all the fuss that 's been made over the fact that this is Disney 's first film with a black heroine this is pretty completely Disney basic .
An important Disney movie but one lacking the emotional impact and memorable great songs of his other hits .
The film is a wonderful reminder of how Disney truly is the king of hand-drawn animation , with the rich , lush backgrounds and a fluidity in the characters that you really ca n't get anywhere else .
Most of The Princess and the Frog looks more like one of Disney 's straight-to-DVD sequels than like their animated classics , and the few big , fun musical set-pieces are brought down by second-rate songwriting .
Slapdash and second rate in script , animation and musical score , The Princess and the Frog is as shrill , uninteresting and headache-inducing as the worst Saturday morning cartoon .
A dull holiday animated feature set in New Orleans with bland characters and an uninventive storyline .
Princess and the Frog revels in the sumptuous qualities of mood and color and especially music that flow naturally through hand-drawn animation but eludes the subroutines of computer animation .
Embora seja ótimo ver as animações tradicionais , em 2D , de volta ao cronograma de produção da Disney , ainda não foi desta vez que John Lasseter conseguiu se estabelecer como um gênio também neste departamento .
A perfectly satisfying entry in the long history of Disney feature animation , one that will in due course join the ranks of the middle-tier classics if not the legends .
This wholesome viewing experience will capture the beating heart of the inner child existing in all of us .
It 's an expert , entertaining movie .
-LSB- It -RSB- restores the Disney brand the way The Little Mermaid did twenty years ago .
It 's a step backward in technology , but it 's not a step down in entertainment .
It 's a return to Disney 's glory days of animation at the end of the last century , and hopefully it proves to be profitable enough to keep hand-drawn 2D alive for the studio .
It 's only been five years since Disney 's last traditionally animated feature but not since the mid-90s has one of them felt this right .
It 's filled with clichés , but there 's a certain storybook richness to their presentation .
It 's almost a dream come true to see the studio return to its roots with a memorable movie .
All of it will doubtlessly satisfy fans seeking some substance with their style .
It 's like getting into a time machine and going back to the days of great mouse detectives , lion kings , and open-hearted beauties and their lovelorn beasts .
It 's nice to know that the studio behind Cinderella can still cast a spell in two dimensions .
Randy Newman provides the score , which , if short of memorable tunes , is rich in authenticity , with a mixture of local flavoured ragtime , zydeco and jazz .
Efficient , well-practiced storytelling is what we expect from a Disney animated feature . The real story here for parents is the clever and careful recalibration of the princess archetype .
It 's fantastic that a mostly hand-drawn Disney film will be a part of the story when history books write about this great year for the form . But maybe I 'm just old-fashioned .
An instant if minor classic .
The visual artistry of the song-and-dance numbers captivates .
Disney 's The Princess and the Frog is an instant classic and one of the year 's best films .
The way she resists the fantasy formula is admirable , but ultimately -LRB- and disappointingly -RRB- futile .
Light on its feet , confident and modern , it 's the work of a company hungry for respect and eager to remind moviegoers of its enchanting roots .
It 's Disney 's best traditionally animated outing in ages .
Steeped in the Big Easy , The Princess and the Frog revives hand-drawn animation in gloriously entertaining style .
They avoid trying to make the film hip , modern and sassy , which is such a breath of fresh air . The Princess and The Frog is like the antidote to Alvin and the Chipmunks : The Sqeakquel .
To generations raised on Disney movies , it 's like coming home again .
The Princess and the Frog is a beautifully vibrant film where every single character shines ; not just the leads . Keith David voices a perfect villain .
Say it loud , I 'm green and I 'm proud : ` It 's not slime , it 's mucus , ' Tiana asserts during the film 's final act , after Disney 's first African-American princess has spent most of the film in the emerald skin of an amphibian .
Warm and cozy , break-out-in-song entertainment , built upon beautiful artwork - the French Quarter scenes positively glow - and a toe-tapping collection of Big Easy music .
The beautifully hand-drawn The Princess and the Frog keeps up a brisk pace and energy , but only partly achieves the effervescence of a Disney ` classic . ' -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB-
You can exhale now : The Princess and the Frog is a triumph on every one of the myriad levels it has been asked to succeed on .
The visual pizzazz and originality of the animation show that , if anyone doubted it , you can still make a perfectly decent cartoon the old-fashioned way .
The Princess and the Frog is so in synch with the early entries into Disney 's so-called `` second golden age '' that one wonders how the company could have gotten away from these movies in the first place .
In classic Disney tradition , the movie is a funny and endearing adventure . It 's filled with beautiful hand-drawn animation that gives jazz-age New Orleans a golden-hued landscape that 's as rich as its culture .
Naveen is no Emperor Kuzco , and Tiana is no Nani , but compared to almost any Disney fairy tale short of Beauty and the Beast they 're Disney 's most engaging power couple to date .
A lovely toon destined to join the Mouse House 's best-loved classics .
Disney 's The Princess and the Frog is like a visit from an old friend after a long time spent apart .
Comforting and familiar , The Princess and the Frog is the cinematic equivalent of a cup of cocoa and a snickerdoodle .
It 's a decent enough throwback , but a comeback will have to wait .
It 's taken many years for Disney to have a black lead , but the wait was worth it as this is one of Disney 's best films in decades that was n't done by Pixar .
It 's not to say that this formula could n't work again ; it simply does n't pass muster with this attempt .
Parental Content Review
A weird and only occasionally successful pastiche of time-honored themes that has enough interesting aspects to make it worth seeing but not enough the instant classic that it dearly wants to be .
Genuinely enchanting and the old-fashioned , hand-drawn , 2D animation has a timeless quality that makes us feel welcome .
A charming carnival of a movie , Disney 's The Princess and the Frog is a landmark , business as usual and a return to form for the world 's preeminent animation studio .
Long after the race of the characters is -LRB- hopefully -RRB- no longer a novelty , it 's the quality of The Princess and the Frog that will keep audiences charmed .
For the most part , it 's a winner : spirited , funny and even complex in a way that 's been foreign to recent Disney cartoons .
With eye-popping saturated color and streamlined figures , codirectors Ron Clements and John Musker -LRB- the duo behind the vibrant Aladdin -RRB- lovingly invoke Harlem Renaissance artistry .
Of course , there are a few unfortunate moments -- such as some character stereotyping and a couple of silly crass jokes . But it 's also tune-filled and fun , and it 's very well animated .
... means to tap into nostalgia for the studio 's traditionally animated musicals of the 1990s , but it may have picked the wrong year to do so .
Few films can simultaneously celebrate the future and the past of animation , but this one does .
It 's a worthy cause and an honorable film , the first full-length Disney cartoon with an African-American heroine . But without a strong story , it 's a case of one step forward and two steps back .
A welcome return to the Disney tradition of 2-D animation .
How can a good-looking animated feature with a Randy Newman song as kicky as `` When We 're Human '' end up being just sort of ... all right ?
The Princess and the Frog is a perky , pretty piece of the traditional hand-drawn Disney animation , helped by dandy Randy Newman songs .
A joyful lap around familiar Mouse House artistic elements , looking to help rebuild the kingdom brand name with a cushy tale of a princess , smooch-happy amphibians , and the grandeur of turn-of-the-century New Orleans .
The animation in The Princess and the Frog is beautifully rendered , and the movie does n't lack for energy . But this is minor Disney at best , forgettable at worst ...
This is what classic animation once was like ! No 3-D ! No glasses ! No extra ticket charge ! No frantic frenzies of meaningless action ! And ... good gravy ! A story ! Characters ! A plot !
Princess will play fine for its intended young-girl audience , but mere competence is n't enough to declare this a return to form .
The soundtrack does n't offer the sheer earworm power of previous Disney hits , but the musical numbers do bump along engagingly from jazz to gospel to zydeco .
Ron Clements and John Musker deliver a satisfying gumbo of snappy dialogue , lovable characters and bright-hued images , spiced up with just the right touch of voodoo peril .
Dependably charming and enjoyable .
The smart storytelling combines with spectacular visual set pieces and a spicy musical gumbo to deliver one of the finest films of the year , in any genre .
... a wonderful holiday treat ...
A pleasant but undistinguished addition to the Disney animated canon , ... an agreeable throwback to a type of animation one does n't see much of anymore .
Intentional or not , what kind of message does it send out that the studio 's first African-American princess has to be relegated for the vast majority of screen time to the form of an amphibian ?
You know how they say that cops come in only one color , blue ? Well , Disney princesses come in only one color : pink .
This charming twist on the classic fairy tale follows the standard Disney outline splendidly , updating itself with self-referential cheekiness and its first African American heroine .
A start-to-finish delight .
Spicy and heart-warming , sprinkled with Creole zing and dashes of Dixieland , gospel and zydeco .
For the most part , The Princess And The Frog is Disney business as usual , a little bland but very pretty , and calculated for maximum slick pleasantry . It 's exactly as though the 2-D department never left at all .
The Princess and the Frog is not offensive . This is a harmless , animated musical and as close to getting it socially right as Disney will ever get -- too bad it 's about 40 years late .
`` You ca n't just wish on a star , '' advises Tiana , and with that , Disney makes amends for three generations of mealy indoctrination .
While Disney seems to be trying to counter some of its pervasive princess ideology , The Princess and the Frog is still showing women who ca n't get by without men .
Disney 's return to 2D animation , starring its first African-American lead , offers a flavorful gumbo of entertainment for holiday family audiences .
Its hypocrisy is hidden inside a disingenuous promotional campaign that suggests change has come to Disney 's animated white house .
A thoroughly fun , magical , thrilling and captivating adventure filled with stunning animation , a lively soundtrack , a big heart and plenty of laughs for everyone both young and old .
The Princess and the Frog is a movie dedicated to having your beignet and eating it , too . It is a timeless story , yet has a modern spirit when necessary .
By all means check out The Princess and the Frog ... if only to support future , and hopefully more engaging , adventures in hand-drawn , 2-D animation .
The Princess and the Frog carries a lot on its shoulders , but -- the odd stumble notwithstanding -- thrives admirably under the weight .
It 's not easy being green . But to judge from how this hand-drawn movie addresses , or rather strenuously avoids , race , it is a lot more difficult to be black .
First African-American Disney princess is a good role model .
Pure holiday entertainment , a wonderful , toe-tapping musical gift everyone is likely to love .
Disney Animation is back doing what it does best -- musical romantic adventure with magic -- after 10 years of unfortunate forays into barnyard humor and science fiction -LRB- see the same directors ' Treasure Planet or , better yet , do n't . -RRB-
The movie as a whole never approaches the wit , cleverness , and storytelling brio of the studio 's early-1990s animation renaissance .
It 's the socio-cultural suggestions of this storytelling choice that 's ultimately most troublesome .
It 's gaily colored , handmade art , with a straight stylistic link to old Baby-Boom offerings of the '50s and '60s .
A headlong story to go with its brilliantly imaginative and fanciful visuals and bright , upbeat score by Randy Newman , who covers a lot of ground .
Funny , inspiring and gorgeously rendered , The Princess and the Frog is an instant classic .
Eye-candy-wise , the film plants a big wet smooch ; everything else about this happily-ever-after tale , however , feels like a mere air-kiss .
You 'll walk away in a good mood , happy to see Disney back on track . But ... there 's not much to remember in the morning .
The sweetest , most sincere romantic comedy to come along in ages , and a luminous love letter to a great American city .
The dialogue is fresh-prince clever , the themes are ageless , the rhythms are riotous and the return to a primal animation style is beautifully executed .
Where Pinocchio was about wishing on a star , The Princess and the Frog emphasizes backing up wishes with hard work . That proviso is a thoughtful message for young moviegoers .
This is the first Disney animated film about an African-American princess , and this delightful fairy tale could n't come at a better time , what with the two little African-American princesses who live in the White House .
This is the best Disney animated film in years .
This A-level , G-rated entertainment is a fresh twist on the classic fairy tale .
the movie more than works ; a joy of animation is palpable throughout
This long-anticipated throwback to a venerable house style never comes within kissing distance of the studio 's former glory .
The first real addition to its princess lineup in 15 years , and the studio 's biggest non-CG animated movie half a decade , it also belatedly brings racial diversity to a signature genre that 's been mostly snow white for six decades .

@highlight

The warmth of traditional Disney animation makes this occasionally lightweight fairy-tale update a lively and captivating confection for the holidays .