Although writer/producer/director Leo McCarey bagged three Oscars for this effortless piece of Catholic whimsy , its enduring charm rests with the Oscar-winning performances of Bing Crosby and Barry Fitzgerald .
It makes you feel happy . And that 's not nothing .
Paramount may have made a more appealing , more tenderly human and amusing picture than `` Going My Way , '' during its many years of film-making , but if so , I have missed it .
Gooey , warm , comfortable .
There 's nothing special or memorable about this overlong endeavor , the first of two motion pictures to feature Bing Crosby 's insufferably noble Father Chuck O'Malley .
It offers , in the performance of nutcracker-faced , 56-year-old Barry Fitzgerald , the finest , funniest and most touching portrayal of old age that has yet reached the screen .
Feel-good religious drama was n't going my way , but it 's hard to resist such good-hearted schmaltz .
Major thread of gaiety runs through the proceedings , and McCarey has liberally sprinkled sparkling individual episodes along the way for cinch audience reaction .
A warm and moving sleeper hit .
Glossy escapist entertainment that 's fun to watch but says nothing terribly noteworthy about the human condition .
Go anywhere to avoid it .
A sentimental crowd-pleaser , well-directed by Le McCarey , this tale about a priest -LRB- Bing Crosby -RRB- assigned to a problematic parish was so popular that Paramount reteamed the same players for The Bells of St. Mary 's .
Even though I love a good family film now and then , this was too much even for me . It was like having a root canal of cream filling .
It is so well directed by McCarey and played with such a sure touch that it just manages to avoid sermonizing or oversentimentality .
Rich , warm and human to the core .
Best Picture ? Wow . They had cynics back then , did n't they ?
Overly corny , this feel-good musical is delightful in its naivety , even for the time .
The last scene alone justifies the film and Leo McCarey 's reputation
Crosby and Fitzgerald work pure magic together .
How come filmmakers 50 years ago could do sentiment without going all sappy , and we ca n't do that now ?




@highlight

Bing Crosby and Barry Fitzgerald are eminently likable , and film is pleasantly sentimental , but Going My Way suffers from a surplus of sweetness .