There have been numerous features concerning the possibly psychotic lives of teen girls . `` The Haunting of Molly Hartley '' has to be one of the worst of the bunch .
A contemptible cross between To The Devil a Daughter and a dark version of High School Musical -LRB- without the music -RRB- .
Overall , there 's nothing in The Haunting of Molly Hartley for horror fans . It 's not even a remotely decent effort .
... an entirely forgettable -LRB- and utterly lightweight -RRB- horror endeavor .
A watered-down version of prior , better films , ` The Haunting of Molly Hartley ' is as dumb as a box of Halloween candy .
Why do filmmakers bother ? Are they crazy ? Are we crazy ? And if not , why do we keep paying $ 8 to see the same movie again ?
I ca n't believe that Freestyle actually got this movie to be released in the theaters . It 's dull , boring , and at best , laughably bad .
... almost as inept as the movie 's advertising campaign , which gives away the ` surprise ' ending on the posters .
What transpires is everybody 's guess , and all of it leads to what may take the blue ribbon for the least exciting climax ever to festoon a horror picture .
Story about the devil 's daughter that is poorly written but well acted
The acting in Haunting is cardboard as can be , and although Bennett tries hard to engage us , sheâ -LRB- TM -RRB- s seemingly interchangeable with any number of teen actresses currently roaming the airwaves at the CW .
The Haunting of Molly Hartley , sort of an updated Rosemary 's Baby for teens , sucks most of the suspense out of its own suspense-thriller before the story even gets going .
A more accurate title would have been The Annoying Flashbacks of Molly Hartley , or Molly Hartley 's Possibly Genetic Mental Disorder or even Molly Hartley 's Series of Super-Sucky Unfortunate Events .
If you get past the retro Nancy Drew title , this is a worthwhile effort .
The Haunting of Molly Hartley is n't the least bit haunting . It 's just cheap .
God and Satan duke it out for the soul of a young girl in The Haunting of Molly Hartley , an unexpectedly cynical addition to the teen-scream genre .
It 's a horror film better suited for skittish cats than humans .
It would take hallucinations of a powerful kind indeed to find anything worthwhile in The Haunting of Molly Hartley , a dead-on-arrival thriller that resolutely fails to come to life .
It 's no Rosemary 's Baby , but for teens looking for a quick fix on All Hallow 's Day , it will do .
As it races from one unlikely trauma to the next for poor Molly , the movie forgets one key thing : The devil is in the details .
` The Haunting of Molly Hartley ' left me as disappointed as a youngster who receives a box of raisins at every house on his/her trick-or-treat route .
I 've read fortune cookies that were scarier , not to mention smarter and more interesting .
This is a prime example of horror conceived by people who do n't know the genre , for people who do n't like horror films . Practically nothing here is interesting , involving , or new , and , worst of all , it is n't even entertaining as pure kitsch .
The story 's a snooze , so the filmmakers punch it up with smash cuts and thunderclaps that turn the most laughably banal items into cheap jack-in-the-box shocks . They 'll make you flinch -- but then again , so will most of the dialogue .
The cinematic equivalent of a razor blade hidden in an apple .
High school horror flick more dreary than spooky .
For those who find bloody noses and whispered voices bone-chilling , heeeeeeere 's The Haunting of Molly Hartley .
Unfortunately , the performances are so slack and the filmmaking so clunky that any intentional humour gets lost in a sea of inadvertent giggles .
The Haunting of Molly Hartley flirts with having something to say about budding female sexuality and evangelical religion , but it winds up being a pale copy of several of Roman Polanski 's more chilling films .
This old-fashioned thriller about satanic pacts and collateral damage delivers tame shocks and a cast full of TV-friendly faces , from Gossip Girl heartthrob Chace Crawford to Jake Weber of Medium .
This softcore thriller runs strictly by the numbers .
It was as predictable as a professional wrestling match and had about as much passion as a drunken sloth .
Parental Content Review
Even for the holiday , this stinker is a maladroit trick rather than any kind of Halloween treat .
It turns out there 's a little more to the story than meets the eye , but much as we 'd like to spoil the ending for you , that would be wrong .
At least High School Musical 3 is proud to be innocent ; Haunting is as benign as the gym class bully who backs down at the slightest challenge .
When it comes to excruciating Halloween activities , I think I 'd prefer a Milky Way/razor blade surprise to this asinine , pathetic motion picture .



@highlight

The Haunting of Molly Hartley is a rather lifeless horror endeavor , with a pedestrian plot and few scares .