This road movie romcom won?t leave you reaching for the razor blades .
Having some laughs over suicide .
Wristcutters : A Love Story is like a suicidal Wizard of Oz .
It 's certainly melancholic , occasionally funny , and ultimately life-affirming . But overall , it feels as if writer-director Goran Dukic dropped a rather promising ball .
It misses the opportunity to examine why a community of people - each of whom has already given up on life - would band together to form a new society of desperate misfits .
It is a staggeringly awful road movie , not much enlivened by the presence of Tom Waits as a wizened participant .
The purgatorial premise is pleasingly eccentric but , in the end , Wristcutters falls victim to its washed-out mood , and limps bloodlessly to a close .
A dreary , self-consciously quirky indie flick that seems to go on forever , despite an economical running time .
Veering from witty to occasionally trite , Wristcutters : A Love Story has plenty of originality on its side , but never manages to be more than the sum of its self-consciously quirky parts .
A little self-consciously kooky but with an ace soundtrack that combines gypsy punksters Gogol Bordello with real-life plug-pullers this sure beats putting your head in the oven .
Dark subject matter , but Goran Dukic 's film is whimsical and determinedly optimistic about life .
For the better part of the journey this a bizarrely uplifting yarn - razor sharp , you might say .
Opportunities to comment on the ethical grey areas of suicide are mostly squandered and , as the pointless digressions begin to pile up , your mind begins to drift from the action on screen .
Enjoyably quirky black comedy that 's clearly destined to become a cult movie amongst the Gothic contingent .
Despite being occasionally hilarious , director Goran Dukic should have toned down the wackiness .
Another indie director more interested in style than substance .
it is , like the limbo it portrays , a peculiar hybrid of recognisable , second-hand elements that somehow add up to something entirely sui generis - an idiosyncratic piece of magical realism whose characters are literally on the road to nowhere .
If you 're going to make a comedy about suicide , you 'd better make sure the jokes land . There are people out there who could use a laugh .
Writer-director Goran Dukic , adapting an Etgar Keret novel , may be too successful in establishing suicideland as a fate worse than death . It really is an empty , dreadful place .
So do n't let the subject matter or the curiously off-putting -LRB- yet peculiarly engaging -RRB- title fool you , this is a movie I think people should do their best to search out and see .
It has ` midnight movie ' written all over it .
This director plies a sweetly humanistic art in potentially ghoulish circumstances . He achieves a minimalism that 's equally touching and rib-tickling .
There are problems here , but they 're of the good-natured variety -- the flaws of a smart film that aims high .
It 's a shapeless , flavorless Sundance blob that rolls around for 85 of the longer minutes you 'll find in a theater this year .
Wristcutters is a small film of ambitions nicely scaled to the performances and story . Who knew that affectless characters could be so oddly affecting ?
It 's such an original piece of work and I love the deliberately bleak cinematography .
A postmortem suicide heaven filled with slit personalities , not quite born again dime store messiahs , and a grimy downscale pizza dive .
Wristcutters opens with what proves to be its best scene , one that could stand alone as a brilliant short subject .
The vision of life after death varies between the religious and the non-religious , the optimists and the pessimists and the believers and non-believers . There are few after-life stories , though , as unique and humorous as this .
All this sounds rather grim , and indeed it is -- but this backward Heaven Can Wait is also , thanks to -LSB- director -RSB- Dukic 's inventive imagination , surprisingly involving and ultimately sweet .
Wristcutters is a cut above most low-budget American indies , with something original to say about the human condition and an artful way of saying it .
Wristcutters : A Love Story is a twee little movie that may have appeal for a cult audience but few others . And I bet that cult will wind up growing from its affection for the film before long .
Goran Dukic 's film starts off seeming hip and funky and dark , but almost immediately runs out of steam . It feels like a short carelessly padded to feature length .
The future of Wristcutters as a cult favorite is less assured . Rather than benefiting from repeated viewings , the movie 's charm is pretty much spent after the first half hour .
We witness the birth of a new genre , the Post-Slasher Movie .
The strain is obvious in the story 's last third , as the filmmaker struggles toward a resolution that fits the logic of the hero 's netherworld .
Croatian filmmaker Goran Dukic 's debut feature turns out to be a sweetly grim lark : a road film through Limbo .
... more whimsical and charming than you would ever expect from a picture about suicide .
Though it goes a bit wonky toward the end and seems to travel a very long way to drive home a rather simple point , Wristcutters : A Love Story remains a wonderfully evocative experience .
Director Goran Dukic keeps things simple and funny . The same tone pervades throughout .
Fugit ably keeps this superficially controversial , and yet actually rather conventional , film from devolving into obnoxious oddness .
Almost 40 years ago Easy Rider established that road trips can make great independent films . Or at least cheap ones . But when booking a room inside the pearly gates , cheap may not be exactly what you 're looking for .
This delightful piece of whimsy uses its simple premise effectively to gain and keep our attention and to remind us simply that , while this world appears ordinary , it is still unbounded by reality .
Screenwriter/director Goran Dukic ca n't quite decide on a tone . The film is at times lighthearted , almost effervescent , and then it 's so dark that it becomes depressingly bleak .
Wristcutters is quite a bit darker than most mainstream romantic comedies . As you might not expect , it 's also quite a bit more inventive and far wittier than most mainstream romantic comedies .
Teenage suicide is n't that funny , and nothing in this movie changed my mind .
Goran Dukic , working from a short story by Etgar Kiret , has fashioned a life-after-death that is both somber and silly .
The witless Wristcutters holds all the fascination of a train wreck . You창 -LRB- TM -RRB- ll stay in your seat just to see if it창 -LRB- TM -RRB- ll get any worse , and you won창 -LRB- TM -RRB- t be disappointed .
Enjoyably oddball without falling into molar-decaying twee ... favorably recalls the all-too-brief post-Repo Man era , when the possibilities of indie film seemed head-bustingly limitless .
It focuses on its own unique voice , and trusts that those who want to hear it will follow .
It 's uneven story pulls it back to earth , but many of its ideas are transcendent .
A life-affirming movie about suicide could go wrong in a million ways , but the understated Wristcutters straddles the line between sentiment and bleakness . It should enjoy a healthy afterlife .
Wristcutters mostly succeeds with its cleverly posthumous scenario .
It is neither as clever nor as funny nor as inventive as the daring title might lead one to expect .
kept trying to shake the film 's subtle charm and unvarnished romantic strokes , but I was steadily , gently pulled in over and over and over again .
Sossamon and Fugit are so perfectly cast you ca n't help but sigh every time they glance at each other and their final scene is guaranteed to send you home with a smile a mile wide .
Definitely worth a look .
It 's a bold first effort , with a distinct , swaggering sense of style and humor that 's hard -- even for a cynical blogger sick to death of indie ` quirk ' -- to resist .
Boring , morose and uneventful , `` Wristcutters : A Love Story '' is a stinky little picture that mocks the afflicted while giving them a pat on the back .
A comedy that starts with suicide and then goes for the love story is n't for everyone , but there is an audience for this little independent film and you know who you are .
Croatian-born director-writer Goran Dukic instills Wristcutters with the absurdist humor you find in films from the Balkans .
Seven years after Almost Famous , Patrick Fugit still sports that winning , dorky haircut , bangs flopping over his eyes . He is impossible not to like .
It 's described as a black comedy , but you can forget the comedy part .
A tribute to ultra-low budget explorations into the unknown and the politically incorrect . This is the stuff that art is made of .
Strands a fantastic premise and interesting characters on its increasingly annoying road trip to nowhere in particular .
Wristcutters : A Love Story has an offbeat , absurdist charm that turns a potentially creepy conceit into an odd , touching adventure .
The inscrutability of the performances make Bill Murray look like Anthony Quinn .
It 's a surprisingly playful romantic drama , one less about death than about the quiet , necessary grind of living .
Wristcutters is simultaneously dark and sweet , always a difficult combination to pull off .
It 's borderline parody of a kind of fey filmmaking popular at crunchy-granola festivals , but the counterfeit aesthetic is ultimately outshone by the life-affirming message .
Giving some thought to the desperation that leads to suicide would have prevented this vaguely conceived idea from being so DOA .
Goran Dukic 's Shaggy yet assured Wristcutters manages to draw humor and warmth from -LSB- its -RSB- premise , while finding pathos in what could창 -LRB- TM -RRB- ve been a vapid , high-concept lark .
The whole film is cracked , but in a stylish , downtown way .
The biggest letdown in Wristcutters is that it ca n't compensate for its compact arrangement with the kind of absurdist aesthetics that its summary proposes .
To say that this low-fi indie movie is strange would be doing a disservice to quirky movies that thrive on their strangeness , rather than just being strange for the sake of spicing things up .
A well-wrought indie written and directed by Goran Dukic .
The story 's dialogue may be wry , but what should have been a jumping-off point for a lively discussion about the meaning of life is really just a philosophically shallow wasteland .
While it 's quirky and intriguing , this is the kind of wilfully nutty black comedy that treads the extremely thin line between inventiveness and pretentiousness .
Truly independent in mode and spirit , this offebat comedy deserves credit for its original vision of an after-life that 's not all that different from this life -- only slightly weirder and more darkly humorous .
You just ca n't go wrong with teenage suicide , road trips , and Tom Waits .
This existential tale about an afterworld exclusively for suicide victims and a handful of newcomers attempting to navigate the landscape pulsates originality through its uncanny way of incorporating the familiar into the offbeat .
This is one of the more creative , unusually entertaining things I 've seen in a while .
It 's goofy . I can definitely say that . But it 's goofy on purpose and that 's the kind of goofy we like .
The Wizard of Oz meets What Dreams May Come by way of , oh I du n no , something post-apocalyptic , snarky , and fun .
This affectionate slow-blooming romance mines an understated vein of comic melancholy that the actors ' wistful performances perfectly capture .
Wristcutters : A Love Story is somewhat original and amusing . But only somewhat .






@highlight

Wristcutters : A Love Story sounds like a normal enough indie flick . Boy meets girl . Boy gets separated from girl . Boy goes on a road trip with friends to find girl and gains a new perspective on life . Except everybody 's dead .