This is a film that stubbornly refuses to sensationalize ; it 's not interested in how these men killed , or in exploiting and fetishizing those acts . Instead , it explores their humanity-which is revealed to be even more terrifying .
Refusing to settle for easy exploitation , director Alexandre Moors paints a vivid , bone-chilling picture of the corrupting power of evil .
Blue Caprice lays out the details of a terrible time for Americans .
... a half-baked endeavor that 's unable to entirely live up to the promise of its setup and stellar performances .
It may be too much slow-burning style for those looking for true-crime substance only , but a cool patience is what drives Blue Caprice .
Coolly controlled and extremely well-acted .
Washington plays the character based on John Muhammad with a persuasive swagger . Paternal pride mixed with a quiet madness dances in his eyes as he lectures his young partner on the fine points of disrupting the social order .
Blue Caprice is a fascinating character study and a fictionalized , human look at two people who went on a murderous rampage and killed innocent people for their beliefs .
Despite its stars giving mesmerizing performances , failed to entertain or educate us more about psychopathic serial killers .
This is a low-key film with a deliberate pace . It is dark and chilling in its atmosphere with danger lurking all along the way . It depicts two people on the outside looking in with anger and hunger and evil intent .
By no means a pleasant or enjoyable experience . But ... it 's certainly a rewarding and memorable piece of cinema .
Haunting and less than riveting , but jarring nonetheless .
Disturbing drama speculates on D.C. shooters ' lives
What 's fascinating is the plausibility of the education Lee receives at the hands of John , how this grim sensei inculcates him in the ways of murder , convincing him that `` it 's not crazy to kill people , they do it every day . '' J
Spare yet deeply atmospheric , the film is charged with dreadful fatalism .
The tension and slow poisoning of rational thought is riveting to watch , allowing the feature to find its footing as a depiction of significant exploitation viewed through a horrifying true crime lens .
The filmmakers unnervingly convey the killers ' methodical yet ultimately random cruelty , and they do it without being exploitative .
Thoughtful performances and grim visual elegance are n't enough to save this portrait of abuse and control twisted into banal evil from becoming too banal to have much bite .
The film creates one of the most chillingly becalmed portraits of insanity I 've seen .
Thanks to his tone poem approach and desire to evoke instead of explain , Moors makes Blue Caprice a sensational study in subtle psychopathology .
It smartly avoids trying to make some grand political statement , while also not turning the perpetrators into victims . It 's more concerned with the psychology leading up to the crime than the physical violence .
In presenting no easy answers or a clear motive for the actions of our two doomed leads , Blue Caprice paints a portrait of disillusionment gone awry and a bond steeped in impending tragedy .
A compelling depiction of psychological decline .
Very well done , if a bit relentlessly grim .
Director-writer Alexandre Moors , a Parisian living in New York , builds a credible narrative story of the killer team in the months before their death spree .
This lyrical , frightening film is a portrait of a man consumed by self-hatred who decided to take it out on the world .
If Moors and Porto were aiming for gun-debate relevance , they 've failed ; `` Blue Caprice '' has nothing to say about a society plagued by violence , nor does it focus on mental illness as a probable cause .
The film 's a character piece with a tightening noose of suspense , and while it has its artsy-indie-dawdly moments , it 's disturbing in ways that are n't easy to shake .
`` Blue Caprice '' does n't offer the sense of catharsis or closure , let alone new information , that makes it more than a cold , if disciplined , directorial exercise .
The movie never gets beyond the most iconic image that gives it a name ; never digging deep enough into these characters to register as something human instead of a filmmaking experiment .
Although the actors are fine , writer-director Alexandre Moors 's feature debut suffers from a lulling tonal sameness .
Moors is neither showy nor exploitative in his telling of the story . He just lays out the details , making `` Blue Caprice '' not just a story of horror , but of tragedy .
The grainy texture of the imagery is darkly arresting . Isaiah Washington is charismatic and fearsome , channeling a toxic mix of compassion and rage .
Wonders how something like this happens without suggesting any simple means of prevention .
Would be a moving and sweet depiction of the growing bond between a father and his adopted son if it were n't actually about mass murder .
The entire movie is an experiment in disturbance -- that of the characters , as well as the audience . The results are nerve-racking , and resonant .
Despite the solid performances from Washington and Richmond , we get a little bored and begin waiting to see what will happen -LRB- or , more precisely , how the filmmakers will handle the ending -RRB- ...
Do n't miss it .
Excellent acting and a fresh avant-garde approach make this an arresting debut for helmer Moors .
Blue Caprice takes a true story of violence and panic and tells it in the most artful , understated manner imaginable - which makes its events even more powerful .
The film goes in directions that are bound to disappoint most viewers who will expect Hollywood-style violence and not the character study that is `` Blue Caprice . ''
The movie substitutes milky , washed-out color and funereal music for insight .
Some of the most harrowing conversations take place in supermarkets , over tables in diners , in the bright light of day . `` We 're invisible , '' says Washington at one point . And that is the point , or at least one of them .
The Schubert andantino playing under the opening credits ... signals you that the horrifying events to follow are going to be handled tastefully .
The end product is a psychological thriller that 's light on thrills and psychology .
It 's the exploration of their human frailty and their brokenness , and the step-by-step examination of the events that would lead to this barbarity , that give Blue Caprice its intensity .
May be a frustrating film for viewers looking for a straight piece of historical fiction ... This is no photograph , but an impressionistic sketch of the communicability of evil - and in that respect it 's a powerful piece of filmmaking .
If we look to cinema as a conduit for the entire range of the human experience , from its highest highs to its lowest lows , there 's no denying that this movie is essential .
Viewers may crave more anatomy of murder , but unlike Mr. Muhammad , Mr. Moors is n't on a mission . What he and his actors are interested in is character .
To the relief of the public around the District of Columbia , the Beltway sniper case was solved a long time ago . But in some respects , Mr. Moors 's haunting film suggests , it is still a mystery .
I understand Moors ' impulse to avoid both tidy moral explanations and sensationalistic gore , but we do n't spend long enough with either victims or perpetrators to get a sense of what those terrible few weeks in Washington were like .
A good example of responsible , well-intentioned true-crime filmmaking .
While Blue Caprice is basically a character study , the fury of the killing spree is captured in quick and vivid brutality .
A solid debut featuring strong acting , ` Blue Caprice ' delves into America 's familiar consequences when insecurity , anger and high profile weapons come together .
Blue Caprice , propelled by the rending , riveting performances of Washington and Richmond , hits hard . It means to shake you and does .
It 's rather impressive that this is Alexandre Moors ' first feature film and Ronnie Porto 's first screenplay . Their portrait of these killers could very well get under your skin .
` Blue Caprice ' sidesteps the easy path of sensational splatter , does not rest its case on video-game violence , and does not cheapen that case by playing any race , ethnicity or religion card .
Moors is less concerned with what happened along the D.C. Beltway than how it happened ... It finds no clear answers , but that suits both the horrific event and this haunting , elusive film .
Moors turns the project into something of an art film , requiring patience for repetitive editing and slow-burn scenes before the movie ultimately works itself under your skin .
In search of answers for why a man and his surrogate son terrorized Washington , D.C. , with a sniper rifle in October 2002 , Blue Caprice proffers an intimate portrait devoid of sympathy .
The film is quiet , set to classical music , building slowly as a character study and eschewing the usual serial killer genre 's focus on the murders themselves .
It 's not an easy sit .
Hollywood likes to make martyrs out of mobsters and murderers , but it usually waits at least a generation or two before romanticizing their life stories .
The film attempts to reconstruct the Beltway sniper terror from the inside out . This is what the terror really was : This is how it can happen , anywhere . And that 's what 's most terrifying of all .
The tragedy , the fresh revelation of Blue Caprice is in seeing this boy with all such humanity stolen from him .
This hybrid of a character study and a true-crime account is well-acted and suitably tense , but lacks a deeper resonance .
A haunting work of earned literary license , `` Blue Caprice '' is a deconstructionist dramatization of the 2002 Beltway sniper attacks that transports the viewer inside the troubled minds of the killers .
Washington is chilling , mysterious and not the least bit `` unfathomable . '' He makes us understand a psychopath .
a slow immersion into a claustrophobic box of paranoia that makes the real world feel like a long , long way away
The most frightening monster movie of the year .
A chilling psychological portrait of the two men behind the 2002 Beltway sniper attacks .
When it comes to what ultimately drove these two men to kill , Porto and Moors are more interested in difficult questions than easy answers and their film hits its target hard .
The filmmakers are more interested in questioning what brings people to commit senseless and merciless acts than they are preoccupied with the historical record .
The strongest film I 've seen in the first couple of days at Sundance is the riveting thriller `` Blue Caprice , '' which should put first-time director Alexandre Moors on the map and win him some studio offers .
`` Blue Caprice '' displays a willingness to stand apart from judgement and strike an investigative gaze .
The filmmakers have made a smart , sobering movie that speculates with compelling detachment on how the abhorrent urge to take innocent lives might evolve .
Blue Caprice premiered at Sundance as part of the NEXT category and rightfully so because it most assuredly marks the beginning in what we hope will be a bright career for both Alexander Moors , and Tequan Williams .
Lyrical to the point of being ghostly .
Blue Caprice is a chillingly plausible and responsibly handled attempt to dramatize the disturbing bond between the two men behind the 2002 Beltway sniper attacks .

@highlight

Smart , sobering , and quietly chilling , Blue Caprice uses its horrible true-life story -- and some solid performances -- to underscore the dreadful banality of evil .