It has no idea what kind of movie it wants to be . It does n't know if it wants to be a comedy , an action movie , a drama ... it 's just depressing .
Entirely original , writer-director Nacho Vigalondo 's movie scores points about the catastrophes unwitting Americans enable overseas -LRB- through their voting choices , among other things -RRB- , and also says something about sexual harassment and male privilege ...
This is a totally unbelievable movie , but it is entertaining and it is a pretty good character study of the two main characters . Jason Sudeikis is scary good in this movie . The understated way he becomes increasingly malevolent is very creepy .
Colossal possesses some real depth in its acting and its description of human relationships , it 's just a shame that when it sinks a few beers and gets up to do the monster mash : things get a little too silly .
The wiles of the script are noticed , but not what moves the characters . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Funny and strange .
Colossal is darkly comical when it is n't being flippantly serious , flawed yet unlike anything you 've seen before .
But `` Colossal '' succeeds because -LSB- Anne -RSB- Hathaway provides a solid and engaging emotional anchor .
While the allegorical parts of the film invite you to think , it 's probably best to turn off some of your brain for the explanatory backstory and the conclusion , which I found to be less satisfying than the grander , who-knows-why conceit ...
Colossal pretensions and colossal length , for such a threadbare morality tale .
Nacho Vigalondo delivers us a top-notch kaiju monster movie that also doubles as a romantic comedy .
Despite its overcompensating title , Colossal is characterized by this quintessential lack .
It takes a while to decipher what this weirdly unique film sets out to project . A preposterous ending does n't help either but if you like ambiguous storytelling , you might fancy this one .
If you get the vein of this layered comedy , you 'll have a monster of a ball for sure .
It all gets a bit too clever for its own good , and a strange film about the dangers of drinking turns out to be an excessively contrived and over-long film about memory and relationships .
Colossal presents a wildly original concept that tethers absurd science fiction to very real social problems , all within the guise of an offbeat romantic comedy .
Much credit has to be given to Spanish film-maker Nacho Vigalondo for having the guts to make such a unique flick , a mix of drama , comedy , and sci-fi .
Colossal is an offbeat film that uses the monster genre and a good dose of fantasy to tell a very real and human story . -LSB- Anne -RSB- Hathaway and -LSB- Jason -RSB- Sudeikis have us believing , and it 's no mean feat .
-LSB- Colossal -RSB- is so bent it fashions its own shelf to sit on .
I 'm not sure if the place the movie gets to in the end is worth the path it takes to get there , but there 's a lot to be said for taking the scenic route .
The concept of Colossal is so irresistible , it 's almost impossible to believe that a movie as fumbling as Colossal could have possibly been made out of it .
Colossal feeld like something of a liberatory tale .
A strange and unfortunate mixture of comedy , melodrama and fantasy . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
What first seems to be a cosmic comic lark , a goofy twist on the monster movie , gets dark in a very human way without losing the film 's creative charge or director Nacho Vigalondo 's sense of humor and poetic justice .
A tragicomedy disguised as a romantic comedy with though themes that raises disturbing questions . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Do n't let the posters fool you - this is a film about abuse .
It has the attractive presence of Anne Hathaway in the starring role and a series of twists and turns that goes pretty well with both the melodrama and the giant monster movies . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It is a simple film , with a simple but deep plot that , however , is rarely predictable . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The film is an original , funny , and surprisingly cathartic experience , a unique combination of content and themes that delivers laughs as well as thoughtful points of conversation .
The latest film of Nacho Vigalondo gathers laughter , tension and colossal creatures . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Colossal is an enjoyable headache . An eccentric film about the must be and a monster that invades Korea . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A story of monsters , but it 's a magnificent kid 's game who see their garden invaded by two giants . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The result is a thriller dressed as erratically as out of record and with all the vices of the a debut director , always determined to tell everything on each plane . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Hour and a half of unpretentious comedy with an American indie movie flavor . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A comedy that amuses us in the happiest sense : it catches us because its narrative mechanism is a welcome insolence . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
At the end there 's the sense of wasted opportunity : it could 've been brilliant , but Colossal ends up being just a nice movie . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
In spite of its debauchery , I do n't think it 's a disaster . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Vigalondo 's strong vision , along with sensitive work by Hathaway and Sudeikis , ensures that Colossal never feels like anything other than completely itself .
A delightful rarity that performs authentic acrobatics between comedy , drama and fantasy , assembling all its ingredients with skill . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
There is one good idea in Colossal -LSB- but -RSB- the idea is buried under distracting junk .
A dazzlingly original fantasy conceit , worked to perfection .
This is a clever exploration of the impact our behaviour has on the people around us and the word at large . And it 's also a heart-stopping look at the nature of destructive relationships .
The Spanish writer-director Nacho Vigalondo is in complete control of his material as he moves between apparently incompatible genres , as well as up and down the emotional register .
Nacho Vigalondo 's film begins as a seemingly realistic drama , then suddenly gains a big streak of fantasy .
In the end it 's Hathaway who holds it all together , even as her on-screen life falls apart .
Not all of the crossover between Gloria and her beast entirely works if you really think about it but the blend of hilarious physical comedy , stirring human drama and magic monster fights is captivating to watch .
It 's watchable enough though , and Hathaway is terrific . Forget that rampaging CGI giant -- her performance is the film 's most special effect .
It 's a shame Raymond Carver is not around to watch this .
Surprisingly bland throughout but still manages to leave a sour taste .
Easily the most original film of the year so far , if not one of the most watchable .
While the film mines the obvious metaphors for all they 're worth , it has some surprises in store .
The concept of our inner demons manifesting themselves as real-life monsters could be a metaphor too far for some , but it results in an audacious and , in its own way , profound movie full of surprises .
It 's all too bizarre for words , and more significantly , for comprehension .
Colossal feels like a quirky episode of The Twilight Zone and is quite engaging but the lurches in tone are unsettling and the film is neither as funny nor as edgy as you might have hoped .
Upbeat , downbeat , whip-smart and spectacular .
Homages are paid to Japanese tokusatsu cinema and kaiju monster films , but by lambasting gender expectations and Hollywood tropes , the director has created a wholly original beast all his own .
This is a weird film . A little amazing . A little shocking . A little - no , quite a lot - worth seeing .
She is supposed to be a self-pitying near alcoholic who ca n't take control of her own life . Hathaway , though , is such a strong screen presence that it 's hard to believe in her as such a weak and needy type .
The premise sounds ridiculous , but by the time the credits roll , you will wonder why no one thought to make an indie-romcom/Japanese Kaiju movie mash-up before -- and be grateful Vigalondo finally did .
A big-screen blast . When was the last time a movie with a giant city-crunching reptile blew your mind while touching your heart ?
Tonally spot-on , gloriously self-aware and deliciously playful , and yet all the while taking itself just seriously enough to be perceived on more dramatic terms .
A defiantly indie take on a traditionally super-sized genre , with strong turns from Hathaway and Sudeikis .
Made on a budget that would just about cover Kong 's left bicep , Colossal is cool , smart filmmaking , with plot developments that will be talked about for a long time to come .
This sensationally strange , sometimes raucously enjoyable feature from Spain 's Nacho Vigalondo only gets curiouser and curiouser as it goes on .
Colossal is profound , funny and wildly original , and it deserves to be a monster hit .
It 's a bizarre concept that 's well-handled , blending sci-fi with a touch of message making about the beasts we all carry inside us , and how hard they can be to tame .
If it were merely a dramedy about an alcoholic trying to get sober and find her purpose in life , Colossal might still work ... but the metaphor allows the movie to explore how actions in one part of the world have consequences elsewhere .
Colossal is an odd film that may feel disorienting to some , but it 's also a totally original conceit that dares to tackle a little thing in a gigantic way .
Vigalondo challenges audiences to consider the real issues and perspective that lie beneath what 's actually happening onscreen . Doing that deepens the experience and makes it a sneakily subversive film that demands to be considered seriously .
You can sense the vigor and vision in the final work , a desire to tell a familiar story in an unusual fashion , and it 's sneakily funny , poignant , provocative and surreal .
Wonderfully strange and weird and funny and dark and bitter . A deliciously geek-flavored metaphor for how damaged people heedlessly spread around their damage .
An early candidate for worst film of the year : Nacho Vigalondo 's Colossal . This feminist sci-fi is a tribute to misandry .
The highly uneven film at least deserves credit for subversive ambition , toying with clichés and expectations even if its mash-up of monster movie and romantic comedy does n't always work on an emotional level .
We all have moments in life in which we feel like a monster ... That high concept resonates in this fantasy-meets-black comedy gem , an art-house curiosity about personal failings , redemption and giant monsters that seems destined for cult status .
Audiences would be missing out on something really special here if they overlook the emotional punch Colossal packs out ...
It 's all patent nonsense of the most foolish kind which is exactly what makes the movie 's straight-ahead delivery as entertaining as it is .
Stakes its claim as one of the better and unique monster movies to stomp its way across the big screen .
Hathaway is fierce , funny , pathetic and affecting , getting to access the full strength of her monstrous talent .
The ending is both unexpected and exactly right , with a last line that 's priceless and a reaction shot from Hathaway that 's even better .
My thought as I watched Colossal : how could such an improbable , often messy story , which feels concocted in Screenwriting 1 by a geeky undergrad , end up being bought and made on a $ 15 million dollar budget ?
The worst thing about Colossal is that it feels so small .
It 's very funny , but it 's also kind of scary , and not in the way one would expect a movie featuring monsters flattening a city to be scary .
Clearly a movie designed for niche audiences , it will not strike everyone the same way . But for those who embrace Vigalondo 's wild wavelength , the rewards are innumerable .
Colossal may not have the marketing potential to make a billion dollars at the box office , but it might just teach you something and give you a good time in the process .
With a few false moves , the film could 've been an embarrassment . Instead , it 's nothing short of a triumph for all involved .
Backed by a chilling performance by Sudeikis , Hathaway commands the screen here .
It 's a sci-fi/horror/psychodrama / comedy/thriller / revenge/romance film - and that jumble of a description not only works , it does so in spectacular fashion .
Instead of playing Miss Perfect , Hathaway 's playing a woman smart enough to know she 's made a mess of her life and is trying to fix things . That refreshing turn makes this odd film so oddly compelling and funny .
This concept is so flimsy that it does n't really bear thinking about and Vigalondo does n't expect you to dwell on it . He 's interested in its consequences rather than its causes .
The less you know about this funny , harrowing , surreally logical flight of fancy , the more effective the surprises will be .
So much of the film is done so well and so thoughtfully , with such seriousness of intent pulsing through the batshit concept , that audiences ca n't help but expect a climactic mission statement of higher purpose that never arrives .
While Hathaway and Sudeikis , plus Austin Stowell and Tim Blake Nelson as Oscar 's boozy pals , are strong here , and the CG monster has a fair bit of CG personality , Colossal is perhaps slightly undone by its own peculiarity .
We find ourselves , with Gloria , knee-deep in an allegory of id . You can hope and pray otherwise , but your inner demons will always come out : some way , somehow , some day .
It 's unique creative spirit alone makes it a film well worth discovering and exploring , and while it 's only getting a small release to start with , it 's a film that will and most definitely should find an audience that will love it .
There have been many recent films with giant monsters fighting each other , and Colossal is better than most because it runs in the opposite direction of grand spectacle . The stakes are more intimate , in a way , so they are also more acutely felt .
Colossal mixes metaphor , dark comedy , and tragedy into a powerful statement about the nature of addiction . Though it staggers a bit in the middle , this is a poignant film that never preaches , often inspires , and always fascinates .
It all so sounds dead serious and yet Colossal is bristling , deliriously serious , explosively funny , and rich with wicked suggestiveness at every burn .
I love Timecrimes but Colossal is Pacific Rim directed by Charlie Kaufman
Colossal is one of those movies that is so audacious in so many ways that most viewers will find themselves needing to see it twice .
Vigalondo is definitely a skilled filmmaker , but he seems out of sync in some ways with this bigger budget and lead star . But his cleverness still shines through .
To elaborate further would probably constitute spoilers . Suffice to say that Vigalondo 's screenplay is n't afraid of following its storyline down a very dark path .
If you 're in the mood for a monster movie , revenge-tinged romance , social satire , or simply a good time at the multiplex , consider Colossal entertainment .
I ca n't work out the intentions of Spanish writer-director Nacho Vigalondo and how this very curious combination of realism and absurd fantasy ever went into production .
A Chinese box viewing experience that mostly connects as intended , eased along by Anne Hathaway 's exceptional lead performance .
-LSB- Vigolondo -RSB- knows how to say we 're all in this small blue ball together without limiting his imagination to the confines of Earth 's atmosphere .
Once Colossal sets its conceptual hook , it pushes its zany premise into authentically uncomfortable territory . It 's actually about something .
The appealing ` Colossal ' is a gigantic leap forward for originality .
Colossal has been sold as a quirky , indie , romantic-Kaiju comedy -LRB- romkaicom ? -RRB- but is instead a dark meditation on the dangers of alcohol abuse and violence against women .
`` Colossal '' is a challenge , no doubt , but writer-director Nacho Vigalondo pulls it off with a visionary flourish .
I 'm less interested in whether a movie scares me than whether it surprises me , and `` Colossal '' is a little bit scary but deliciously surprising .
From its weird little prologue to a nearly perfect ending , Colossal is a trip in multiple meanings of that word .
It 's a brilliant concept , executed by writer-director Vigalondo with a perfect balance of pop-culture irony and sincere storytelling .
Gloria 's evolution , made visible first in Hathaway 's body choreography , part spastic and part aching , and then mapped onto the monster 's gyrations , is a bracing sort of spectacle , thoughtful , funny , and not a little weird .
It 's a smart and funny film , but it 's also an unexpectedly perceptive one .
Let 's just say that this is one of the most unusual , imaginative tales to come along in quite some time .
Hathaway is miscast in a snarky role that Anna Kendrick would have knocked out of the park , but the players are less important here than Vigalondo 's talent for constructing a narrative room full of mirrors .
Part daikaiju-on-the-loose rampage , part quirky romantic comedy-drama a la 28 Days , the risky and occasionally thrilling Colossal does n't always deliver on its gonzo promise but , hey , it 's still got plenty of charm .
Vigalondo ... keeps this wacky premise from self-destructing by virtue of his patience . Each new plot beat gets doled out slowly so that the viewer can savor the mystery en route to what exactly is going on .
Who would have thought Anne Hathaway plus giant-ass monsters plus booze would result in such a smart , genre-defying , femme self-actualization manifesto ? Nacho Vigalondo , that 's who .
In this observant , entertaining , wildly imaginative movie , just about everything has more than one meaning .
With a few trims the film could be entirely different and blandly realistic ... But `` Colossal '' wants more .
Vigalondo extends our modern egotism and entitlement - the idea that my problems are the world 's problems - until it becomes the stuff of surreal farce , and then he brings it back down to size .
`` Colossal '' is a monstrously imaginative movie with a premise so bizarre it 's amazing it ever got made . But it 's a good thing it did .
A rampaging misfire of a movie ... ham-fisted , nail-hammering , on-the-nose stuff , as clunky and over-emphatic as this sentence .
Come for the Godzilla-scale antics ; stay for an insightful exploration of the destructive tendencies that lurk within us all , as well as an unexpected celebration of female empowerment .
A wild and ambitious hybrid that ultimately fails to fulfil its promise .
Colossal is certainly one of the most awkwardly conceived psychodramas in recent memory , particularly when it turns from agreeably whimsical to aggressively creepy at the halfway point .
It is a monster picture . But then again , when it really , really should be , it is not . It is a clever indie comedy . But only when it feels like it .
`` Colossal '' is a high-wire act , and throughout you may wonder how the movie will make it to the end without slipping and falling . Suffice it to say , it does .
What had been loose-limbed and affable curdles into something unpleasant and disturbing . It left me wondering where the good movie went .
At times menacing and at times hilarious , the fresh and intelligent Colossal is the kind of unexpected delight that should easily gain cult status .
Gloria grows , just not in the way cinema tell us female heroes should . Hathaway shines as Colossal 's feminist champion .
Hathaway is perfect as ever playing a character both comedic and touchingly flawed .
There 's a method to the madness , and Colossal takes great joy in showing it to us with elegance and smarts .
At its best , it achieves a rare synthesis of virtues that is a primal value of the cinema : it revels in the power of cinematic artifice to tell a story that confronts big questions about real life .
Its fluctuating tone and scale are at odds with an originally told , well-cast but unsatisfying creation .
2016 's Swiss Army Man , as well as Kaufman concoctions like Being John Malkovich previously ventured into this kind of fresh , bracing territory , and now Colossal joins them .
Vigalondo gave us a fresh twist on time travel with `` Timecrimes . '' With his latest , he 's spun travel itself into a whole new ballgame by combining the Japanese Kaiju genre with a psychological character study into addiction and control .
Colossal fails where -LSB- Vigalondo 's -RSB- previous films succeeded , particularly in its over-stretched final act .
The one-trick act of `` Colossal '' becomes tiresome even as its leads -- particularly an excellent Hathaway -- work to find some depth in the story .
Colossal takes some dark turns in its later acts , serving as a keen metaphor for alcoholism and domestic abuse .
The concept is a doozy , the treatment appropriately seriocomic , and the performances uniformly enthralling .
Vigalondo 's thought-provoking monster mash is a fantastically weird and wild ride that 's not for everyone . But when real life gets as surreal as it has in 2017 America , why would n't fiction follow suit ?
Colossal is a film that 's best experienced almost blind , which is basically how the film 's protagonist walks through much of her life .
I 'd like to tell you how rabid , illogical , far-fetched and stupid Colossal is , but words fail me at last .
To paraphrase what Brahms once told a young composer , what 's original in the film is n't very good , and what 's good in it is n't very original .
It 's a study in contrasts , a B-movie on one hand and an earnest drama with a mean streak on the other , and neither mode is fleshed out enough to really matter . But the ambition is inspiring .
Colossal is a fabulous showcase for Hathaway 's finely calibrated dark humor .
The movie grows dark and sour , and its tone , soon trashed , never recovers .
The entire cast is quietly superb and the movie always knows exactly what it is and what it wants to say .
Fans of Hathaway will likely enjoy seeing her in something that is n't a dopey rom-com or an obvious Oscar plea , but Colossal ultimately feels more likely to be remembered as a flawed curio than a cult classic .
Nacho Vigalondo 's giant-creature-run-amuck fantasy is a brilliantly bizarro satire of gender politics , featuring Anne Hathaway in a funny , fierce , fully committed performance that demands to be seen .
Colossal is goofy , disturbing , and wonderfully anchored by Hathaway , who always has a firm grasp on her character even when the film does n't .
Anne Hathaway has monsters in her closet . Watch , as she kicks them in the nethers .
Colossal is a profoundly weird film-weirder than the already strange synopsis would even imply . We need more films like this , and we need them in wide release .
an unconventional , and extremely enjoyable , monster movie that explores the self-destruction and collateral damage caused by a broken individual
The longer the movie runs , the more its novelty fades . The tone wavers , and plot holes that appeared small at the halfway point start looking like chasms .
Though there 's a real monster terrorizing Seoul , a giant , hairless thing that looks like a 700-foot boiled cat , we spend Colossal with our human beast . In her hungover eyes , we see horror and empathy : What did I destroy last night ?
The result is delightful : While Colossal draws from a few familiar genres , it weaves them together and makes something totally new , and unexpectedly thoughtful . It 's part metaphor , part reality , and just strange enough to keep us on our toes .
`` Colossal '' ... wrings a great deal of fun - and also some genuine terror , by no means all of it monster-related - from its blithely bizarre conceit .
Vigalondo demonstrates that even the dumbest genres can be used to profound ends - not cheapening serious things but kicking them to the next metaphoric level .
Nacho Vigalondo absorbs the best qualities of both kaiju-inflected creature features and romantic recovery dramas , resulting in a strange hybrid that 's very much its own beast .
It 's certainly an interesting idea , but it 's perhaps too ambitious for Vigalondo pull off .
Colossal has a terrific , almost irresistible metaphor at its core , and it 's really a shame the movie does n't much know what to do with it .
Colossal is as refreshingly different a monster movie as it is a clever , timely take on bullying , domestic abuse and toxic masculinity .
Anne Hathaway 's alcoholic mess discovers she 's linked to a giant South Korean monster in this fascinatingly uneven misfire .
As much as Colossal owes to Asian cinema 's classic kaiju-monster battles , it 's also a shrewd funhouse-mirror subversion of all that .
Beyond its genre trappings and clever turns , it 's very much a film about broken people . Hathaway 's Gloria is a close cousin to her Kim in Rachel Getting Married , and she 's not winking at the film or the genre ; she 's acting the shit outta this role .
Though the film never quite abandons its absurdist comedy and its boyish glee for romping monsters , Colossal also becomes a brutal psychological horror movie , more unforgiving and savage by the minute .
Anne Hathaway is a Kaiju terrorizing Korea , and it 's one of the best things you 'll see this year .
Hathaway is at her best digging into characters who know that they might have or could have been sweethearts-and who often feel that anger , guilt , or loss eating away at them .
Its symbolism never goes beyond its own symbols - just as its moments of comedy have everything except jokes .
Monster movies are n't generally known for their subtlety , but leave it to Nacho Vigalondo to make one that keeps surprising its audience until the very end .
Colossal gives voice to struggles of self-control and shame in a clever and exceedingly cathartic way . That it also happens to be the most entertaining giant monster movie in decades is simply a kaiju-sized bonus .
Engaging ideas bubble up every so often in Colossal , a film that carries out magical thinking to its extreme . But the audacity of its conceit is inexorably tamed , becoming an all-too-familiar lesson on saying no .
Writer/director Nacho Vigalondo 's film is as intriguing as it is a disaster . -LRB- But mostly a disaster -RRB-
The daikaiju genre has survived the test of time for a reason . And it is no great spoiler to say that , later on , a giant robot appears .
Colossal is a film that half works and half does n't . Even when it 's not working , it makes you think and shake your head in disbelief that a movie this crazy exists .
Colossal is a film so strange it 's very existence seems a miracle .
big , loud and dumb in the most endearing sense .
It 's a wonderful twist on the genre , and a surprisingly touching take on female self-empowerment and overcoming one 's worst addictions .
Nacho Vigalondo had the crazy idea to combine a kaiju movie with an indie dark comedy and it totally works .
A thoughtful and ingenious creature feature that raises the bar for modern monster movies , Colossal is now an early front-runner for one of my favorite films of the year .
Although Colossal will likely garner a good bit of attention for the giant monster business , what Vigalondo accomplishes here is a more thoughtful kind of genre movie .
Colossal is one of those movies with the amount of creativity that some directors never produce in their whole lives .
It 's the kind of film that 's guaranteed to make people angry , but it 's still unmissable .
Nacho Vigalondo 's best and most accomplished , but the real breakout is Jason Sudeikis .
Colossal overcomes its seemingly impenetrable premise to deliver a terrifically cathartic study of human frailty ... and yeah , it 's a pretty bad ass monster flick , too .
Though its numerous twists have a kind of welcome insanity , the length of the thing , and particularly its deadly over-investment in the Jason Sudeikis character -LRB- to the detriment of Gloria 's own emotional arc -RRB- undoes it .
Vigalondo 's film is very funny in places but the characters are undercooked .
Oscar is such a thorough portrait of toxic masculinity that the movie hardly has time for anything else .
The result is a strange but surprisingly effective pair of fractured characters who have the audacity to buck indie flick convention and head off into some dark , weird , and sobering places .
Colossal is a giant monster movie like none we 've ever seen before .
Colossal operates largely as a deconstruction of a certain kind of romcom trope , but it 's also a pretty legit kaiju movie .
It is n't always successful , but when the film works , it 's a blast .
I have not felt this kind of catharsis while watching a film in a long time .
A surprisingly deft story about a particular type of toxic masculinity that has everything to do with wanting to loom large over another person , to keep them cowering in your shadow .
There are some good moments and sympathetic situations with an original end , but the film is imprisoned by his metaphor . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
`` Colossal '' takes diminishing advantage of an amusing premise , one that seems made for satirical treatment yet is executed with an increasingly awkward semi-seriousness the characters are n't depthed -LRB- or likable -RRB- enough to ballast .
While Vigalondo 's ability to render Gloria and Oscar into the cause of mass annihilation is uniquely badass in execution , I ca n't help feeling it 's too much to handle .
Impossible to classify -LRB- and gleefully so -RRB- ...
Colossal is so beguiling in its strangeness that it still works , even though it 's relying heavily on its comedy to make everything work . Do n't think too hard about this one , lest you find the many plot holes .
What I loved about Colossal is just what a 90-degree turn this film makes , and the fact it somehow works .
When the film 's whirligig plotline goes off-rail in the heady final act , Oscar and Gloria 's origin story bends over backward to justify a magical-realist conceit that was more fun without explanation .
Colossal is about as high concept a film as you can manage . That it makes little sense were you to think about it for more than ten seconds is just part of the charm .
The idea of Colossal is a heck of a lot better than the execution , but if any film deserves some bonus points for originality , this is it .
The sort of film that 's more frustrating than bad .
Notwithstanding its oddball premise , Colossal feels far too familiar , one more foot-dragging drama about a 30-something screwup wrestling with her darker impulses .
Throughout all this , Hathaway is outstanding . She 's funny and poignant , the perfect kind of underdog champion . It 's my favorite performance of hers since , gosh , I do n't know when .
The movie presents its plot like a ridiculous gamble , and keeps pulling it off , somehow managing to justify its existence .
While Hathaway is terrific , and that aforementioned metaphor is smart , -LSB- Colossal tangles -RSB- up in small-scale business that 's harder to believe than the kaiju action on the other side of the planet .
Colossal succeeds because it manages to toss back this genre cocktail with ease , creating a picture that both feels familiar in essence but provides its audience with a film that is fresh .
Colossal is a human drama with a monstrous roar , but not without Nacho 's signature brand of zaniness and a fantastic , broken turn by Hathaway .
Determinedly bizarre , psychologically inquisitive and in the end rather wonderful .
You 've never really seen a movie like Colossal . It 's an alcoholism drama . It 's a dark comedy . It 's a kaiju movie . It 's all of these things in one , and thanks to a tremendous balance of tone from Vigalondo , it succeeds far more than it fails .
A thoroughly original take on the kaiju genre .
For all its originality , the film fails to leave much of an impression .
The cast 's likeability keeps us on board , watching the sometimes baffling behavior onscreen just like those on the streets of Seoul , who gape up at a monster in horror but ca n't make themselves flee to the suburbs .
A chilling look at how abusers and emotional manipulation take root .
Given the bizarro conceit , there 's something surprisingly , and frustratingly , safe about the film .

@highlight

Colossal 's singular strangeness can be disorienting , but viewers who hang on may find that its genre-defying execution -- and Anne Hathaway 's performance -- is well worth the ride .