As Maud , Sally Hawkins gives an outstanding physical performance matched by a quiet resolve and a somewhat mischievous sense of humour .
Hawkins is outstanding in depicting the physical impairments that the artist struggled with , as well as the fiercely loving spirit that kept her going through incredible hardships .
A bleak but uplifting and well-acted biopic .
Both Hawkins and Hawke are very good in Maudie , and if you 're looking to qualify it you 'd arrive first at the fact that they both effect physical transformations of a sort .
... it 's a sweet film -LRB- despite the couple 's unrelenting poverty and Maud 's often difficult day-to-day life -RRB- , and both actors manage to overcome somewhat mannered performances to be quite affecting .
In this film Maud is resilient , but Hawkins conveys this in subtle ways as Maud 's creativity flourishes and her confidence grows .
As a physically handicapped folk artist , Sally Hawkins 's performance is even better than it was as a cleaner in `` The Shape of Water . ''
This enchanting film centers on the outsider artist 's unusual , at times abusive , but ultimately loving relationship with her employer-turned-husband Everett .
It tells the poignant true story of Canadian folk artist Maud Lewis , whose famously naïve , but charming paintings garnered the humble native of Nova Scotia world-wide celebrity .
The tone is mawkish , the pace slow and both Sally Hawkins and Ethan Hawke overact horribly .
In all of Maud 's unfailingly cheerful oeuvre , Walsh found she never painted a self-portrait . Maudie is the result of the director 's desire to fill that gap .
Hawkins is one of the greats and , along with Hawke at his gruffest , makes Maudie a best-case biopic .
Hawkins , once again , creates an impenetrable aura of resolute happiness .
Maudie ... is a film to fall in love with .
Aisling Walsh 's biographical adaptation of a true life story will surely tug at your heartstrings .
... Maudie director Aisling Walsh and screenwriter Sherry White stand back to observe two down-and-out survivors from a relatively dispassionate perspective , not indifferent but more interested in watching ...
Both writer and director set out in search of a heroine . They 're so intent on crafting a legend , they leave out the uncomfortable bits . They do her and us a disservice in that respect .
Maudie delivers as an occasionally touching portrait of the woman because of an incredible leading performance by Sally Hawkins who dissolves into the title role seamlessly .
Director Aisling Walsh handles Sherry White 's script with depth and sensitivity .
In a performance that echoes her breakthrough role in Mike Leigh 's Happy-Go-Lucky , Hawkins embraces this fiercely independent spirit , broken body and softly-spoken soul .
A lead performance alive with exquisite spirit and inspiration elevates Maudie , a selective biopic of famous Canadian ` outsider ' artist Maud Lewis , well above what could have been a very sketchy outcome .
Although the material is slight , the humanity and its universality make it cinematic , if not entirely satisfying .
While neither of the central characters is especially likeable , it is the dynamic of the unusual relationship between them that sparks our interest .
Maud 's life was constricted , but her gaze was expansive . And so is her movie .
The story , the characters , and the place , there is beauty in each one , but they fail to conjoin .
With its plaintive score and bleak landscapes , it seems to unfold as slowly as a Nova Scotia winter , but it has one thunderously exciting asset in the performance of Sally Hawkins .
What an immersive and strangely transporting picture this is .
Shines as a substantial illustration that love can take root even in the context of failure , frailty , and poverty -- in fact , those things just might be what make it possible .
The scenery of Nova Scotia is beautifully -LSB- filmed -RSB- by cinematographer Guy Timmins .
Alongside a gruffer-than-gruff Ethan Hawke as Everett , Sally Hawkins hunches and hobbles as the arthritic Maud , but this never seems too much of a stunt : what stands out is her way with Lewis 's gentle stubbornness .
Dubliner Aisling Walsh 's biopic of Canadian folk artist Maud Lewis is a handsome , sensitive drama , laced with tragedy and discord . Hawkins and Hawke duet well in what are physically demanding lead roles .
Maudie is a sad film about poor people , but it could scarcely be more open to benevolence and quiet humanism .
Walsh 's film feels jarringly at odds with contemporary sensibilities . A bully is a bully , no matter how cheerfully he is painted .
Sally Hawkins is wonderful as the fragile but irrepressible Maudie , and Ethan Hawke is , if anything , even better as a man terrified of caring .
Sally Hawkins gives the performance of her life in this touching portrait of Canadian artist Maud Lewis .
-LSB- Maudie -RSB- feels frustratingly incomplete where it really counts .
Hawkins is simply terrific , immersing herself completely in the character and imbuing her with an infectious sense of warmth and optimism .
The true-life origins are underplayed , which allows the emotions to speak for themselves and it 's hard to fault either of the leads , though it 's fair to say we 're always aware how hard they 're working to realise these unusual , ultimately worthwhile roles .
A difficult and highly mannered performance from Sally Hawkins coupled with a repugnant and profoundly unappealing character played by Ethan Hawke sink this curious , and curiously saccharine , biopic .
There 's not much in the way of plot , but the film 's simple beauty , gorgeous scenery , and marvelous acting by Hawkins and Hawke make this one to see .
The subtlety of Hawke and Hawkins makes this otherwise broad brushstroke film worth watching .
Walsh smartly keeps the style as simple as Maudie 's childlike paintings , leaving Hawkins and Ethan Hawke room to explore the intricacies of their unlikely union .
-LSB- Maudie -RSB- fulfils all our narrative expectations and you 'll almost certainly exit the cinema happy , so long as you can leave it there .
The only fireworks here are of the indoor kind , but this sensitive , beautifully acted film lingers long after the final frame . And the Newfoundland locations are breathtaking .
Maud Lewis left the world a brighter place than she found it . This drably earnest rendering of her life story does n't follow suit .
A big performance at the centre of rather a modest film .
Aisling Walsh knows how to balance the comedy and the pathos as she takes us through her subject 's life and chronicles her unlikely emergence as an artist .
Hawkins shines in a touching biopic that will make you laugh , cry and Google its subject afterwards .
Although it ca n't be denied that the film has moments of tenderness , the director and her talented cast are not interested in selling a fairy tale to the viewer . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Hawkins is the best reason to see this sluggish , pinched , claustrophobic little biopic ; whenever it threatens to grow dreary , which it does often , the spunky light in her eyes draws us back .
While rough around the edges , Hawkins earns sympathy in a film that never panders or trivializes her character 's afflictions .
The main reason to see the biopic Maudie is for the honest and complete performance by Sally Hawkins .
The sluggish pacing and banal filmmaking means each scene just sits there on the screen , failing to tie into any larger theme or illuminate deeper truths .
An inspiring portrait of the resilience of a crippled but immensely creative woman .
An oddly affecting love story about burying the hurt and trudging forward in the face of pain and finding your own version of happiness .
As impressive as Hawkins is , the usually delicate , restlessly intelligent Hawke equals her performance .
Mundane moments are far more prevalent in real life than the melodramatic ones . Which is one of the things I most appreciate about Maudie , Irish filmmaker Aisling Walsh 's look at the life of folk artist Maud Lewis .
Maudie tells the quiet , inspiring story of Maud Lewis , a humble Canadian folk artist whose determined spirit overcame her modest and debilitating circumstances .
The biographical drama `` Maudie '' is a delicate and beautiful little film , which is utterly appropriate for the frail person whose life -- trying to add beauty to a harsh world -- it aims to depict .
Maudie works as an unconventional love story that reminds the audience about the importance of looking beyond appearances . It 's also a testament to the transformative power of art .
The movie stumbles within the framework of the great-artist biopic , but it can be affecting as a depiction of a troubled , complex and sometimes tender romance .
`` Maudie '' should n't sugarcoat those hardships by presenting Everett as anything better than he was . In a way , the film acts much as her brush did , bringing color to parts of Maudie 's life where it may not have actually existed .
Hawkins goes beyond the physical portrayal . It 's moving enough watching an artist paint through pained and painful movements . But her performance is also a life-affirming depiction of a woman who saw the world differently .
Hawke does his best to convey both Everett 's brute nature and love for Maud that grows as they age . But it 's Hawkins who really shines in this unaffected film , full of poetic Canadian seaside vistas .
`` Maudie '' is a work of art .
There 's much to appreciate in Maudie , especially if you 're a fan of odd-pair love stories , but do n't expect to learn much about what drives folk artists to create or what makes a woman pelted by life 's lemons squeeze them into lemonade .
It 's a nice , unassuming movie , such as one might take one 's aged mother to , with a warmth that compensates for its lack of insight .
A myopic film opened up , bright and wide , by two great performances
An unsentimental but emotional film for anyone who suspects in their heart of hearts that suffering really is the only thing that makes anyone worth a damn .
What shines through is the beauty of Guy Godfree 's cinematography - the light has a lovely , soft stillness to it , like a painting - and a remarkable performance by Hawkins , whose impossibly wide smile seems to bring the sun .
A touching character study ... a charming portrait of a woman who found a life of simple contentment with a most unlikely partner .
Do n't let the lazy , pedestrian storytelling drive you away from experiencing the year 's best -- so far -- performance by an actress . Hawkins is simply sensational .
Walsh shapes Hawkins and Hawke 's interplay so that the film registers as a bizarre-couple love story ... These actors conjure a deep nonverbal bond that defies explanation .
Maudie would be captivating even if the title character had never painted a lick .
Into our suffocatingly aggrieved world comes Maudie , so striking for its portrait of a woman who has every reason to surrender to pessimism but does not .
While it 's far from timeless drama , this wistful character study of a lonely woman and a lonely man who find each other in coastal Nova Scotia has a winning , twee charm .
Sally Hawkins is a delight in `` Maudie , '' but then , when is n't she ?
The story offers many opportunities for glibness and sentimentality . Walsh falls for none of them .
Maudie is directed by Irish filmmaker Aisling Walsh , who allows the complex relationship between Maud and Everett to unfold at a proper pace .
While Maud 's story is powerful , it 's the dysfunctional relationship at the center of Maudie - and the it 's romanticized - that prevents the film from being truly enjoyable .
While Maudie is a film to be admired , and certainly Hawkins ' performance is beautiful and heartbreaking , a richer portrait of Maud Lewis is still waiting to be painted .
Maudie is a slow , earnest film that pleasantly subverts the narrow-minded hagiography we expect from the story of an artist .
The thing that saves Maudie from becoming a miserable viewing experience is Sally Hawkins . She 's just a joy to watch .
Walsh 's uncluttered storytelling allows the actors to go to raw and stirring places , and the film becomes an affecting portrait of meaningful companionship amid hardship .
In `` Maudie , '' the infinitely gifted Sally Hawkins gives an incandescent performance as the woman whose indomitable spirit shines through her art .
All this good work is a heavy load for Maud the movie character . Hawkins carries it with a graceful energy , helped by Maudie 's visual approach , sometimes delicately impressionistic and sometimes more artisanal .
This Irish-Canadian drama tells the true story of Maud Lewis -LRB- played beautifully by Sally Hawkins -RRB- .
Hawkins disappears into the performance , capturing Maud 's physical limitations but also the light in her eyes , the sly humor in her observations about life -- and her gift for seeing the greatest beauty in the simplest things .
-LSB- Hawkins is -RSB- such a vivid presence , so alert to what can be mined from the space in between her lines , she lifts `` Maudie '' above the pedestrian .
Hawke is good at playing bad , but Hawkins is better , rendering , in `` Maudie , '' a portrait of a woman that feels raw , real and revelatory .
Hawkins ... delivers a performance of dogged detail ; she 's a woman who seems to absorb every insult and disappointment in the stoop of her stance , the pain etched across her face .
Ethan Hawke and Sally Hawkins draw an honest portrait , stripped of sentimentality , of a wonderfully imperfect couple . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
-LSB- Maudie -RSB- details the real-life perseverance of Nova Scotia-based folk artist Maud Lewis -LRB- 1903-1970 -RRB- who , despite crippling rheumatoid arthritis , flourished as a primitive painter ... Hawkins 's and Hawke 's performances are the year 's best so far .
One way to get through the long , agonizing experience of `` Maudie '' is to convince yourself it 's a comedy . The spectacle of the actors flailing in a vacuum makes this possible , but intermittently , so the relief comes only in bursts .
Hawkins does n't rise above the film 's conception , but she makes it work .
Hawkins turns in a heartfelt performance as real-life painter Maud Lewis -LRB- 1903-1970 -RRB- , carrying a biographical drama that 's lovely and gentle without ever becoming soft or sentimental .
The film can be sad , even brutal at times , yet also a touching testament to love 's endurance and the joy one can find in one 's own backyard .
Aisling Walsh 's shimmering drama hands Sally Hawkins an Oscar-worthy role in an emotional and inspirational biopic about art , love and this cruel beautiful world of ours .
Ultimately , though , Maudie mostly succeeds by skirting twee sentimentality .
Sally Hawkins gives a standout performance in Maudie .
... a heart-rending film to sit through but well worth it . Both Hawkins and Hawke give eye-popping performances but Hawkins , particularly , should be up for an Oscar -LRB- R -RRB- ... one of the best movies of the year .
There 's something real and touching here . In Everett 's thwarted struggles with his own , clumsy emotions . In Maudie 's determination to find beauty in absolutely everything .
As unassuming and gentle as its subject , Maudie breaks your heart with its infectious positivity and an outstanding Sally Hawkins , who can always be relied on for an emotionally sturdy , big-hearted performance .
Maudie 's biggest success is Walsh 's interest in depicting the environment from which art springs , rather than laying out some simple emotional cause for its generation .
Sally Hawkins is marvelous as real-life folk artist Maud Lewis in this gentle , moving biopic .
Maudie scores high for good intentions and solid work by its stars . Its story is one-of-a-kind but I wish I had n't felt so conscious of the wheels turning as it unfolded .
Hawkins 's performance ... transcends surface mimicry to conjure up a deeply moving portrait of a humble woman who lived for her paintings and quite possibly even changed some lives in the process .
`` Maudie '' is one of those movies that triumph over their worst instincts -LRB- and your well-honed doubts -RRB- .
Plays like a pop-up version of a thoroughly written Wikipedia entry , albeit a charming one . Most of that charm resides in the effortless grace with which Hawkins - giving one of the best performances of the year - takes to the character ...
A portrait of the artist as a hermit wife that overcomes some clunky early brushstrokes to achieve a genuine grace and considerable poignancy .
-LSB- An -RSB- exquisitely crafted film .
The story has the hollow ring of artifice , even though Ms. Hawkins shrinks quite remarkably into the physical aspects of the role and opens up its spiritual dimensions .
This film shows instead of tells , and what it shows is sad , disturbing , beautiful , and moving , sometimes all at once .
Simplistic and sincere - with an exquisite performance by Sally Hawkins - it 's an improbable success story .
Maudie is hit-or-miss , but you 'll probably bawl anyway .
This is very much a film that rests on two stunning performances . It 's going to take some special competition between now and December to keep Hawkins off next year 's Oscars shortlist , and do n't be surprised if Hawke is also in the mix .
Strong performances anchor this love story between an artistic beauty and her beast .
Once the years and decades start ticking by unacknowledged , the well-developed and subtle characterizations established by Hawkins and Hawke disappear into a cloud of aging makeup and incident ...
Maud Lewis herself could n't paint a hurricane that would blow the film 's overburdened narrative off course .
The first two Oscar-worthy performances of 2017 belong to Sally Hawkins and Ethan Hawke .
It will take five astounding performances to keep Hawkins off Oscar 's short list .
In deft camera strokes -- and lit up by Sally Hawkins ' remarkable performance -- it paints a keen picture of one woman getting by , and two people staying married in a backwater nook where comforts are few and far between .
I Hawkins ... twists herself into a wry , mousy character who shuffles through a world of unforgiving 1930s morality , when a woman with physical afflictions could be viewed as a mental incompetent .
The heart and mind of Maudie are always in the right place .
The simplicity of mixing creative crafts with everyday chores recalls the village life that dominated the planet for thousands of years , and the straightforward Maudie , an Irish-Canadian coproduction , pretty much sticks to that approach .
This is a painter whose canvas was her life , and whose life her canvas . Maudie is a magnificent celebration of both .
It 's beautifully shot , even if the painting often feels incidental .
Expressive acting by Hawkins and Hawke smooths out narrative bumps , creating a portrait of a woman in thrall to art and nature and a couple whose love resisted hardship and defied definition .
Hawkins , capturing the real-life Maud 's mischievous spark , invests herself wholly in the role , and Hawke 's choices never feel easy or manipulative . Bring kleenex .
The sort of title you 'd be thrilled to stumble across on the telly on a Sunday evening , but not one you 'd necessarily need to indulge in on the big screen .
Sally Hawkins delivers an unforgettable performance as Nova Scotian folk artist Maude Lewis in this gently flowing biopic set in the 1930s .
Features a strong performance by Sally Hawkins , but not much else .
It 's a predictable romance that nearly overshadows the detailed , fascinating character drama within .
A romantic drama with a scruffy integrity , `` Maudie '' is , for better and for worse , an actorly exercise in presenting an audience with two willfully peculiar characters and then trying to find a way to make us fall in love with them .

@highlight

Maudie 's talented cast -- particularly Sally Hawkins in the title role -- breathe much-needed depth into a story that only skims the surface of a fascinating life and talent .