One-hundred percent uncut bourgeois fantasy
Though intricately plotted and well acted , Minghella 's characters feel more like symbols than flesh-and-blood characters , and their travails seem designed to illustrate a lecture about privilege , injustice , cultural stereotypes and bourgeois complacency .
The complicated interactions involving class and culture that ensue between all these characters remain fascinating even when they seem overly schematic .
Insightful , contemporary love story for adults .
Though Binoche does very solid work , she ca n't sell the idea of her and Law as a couple ; the chemistry is n't there . Not much else rings true in Minghella 's screenplay , which is full of coincidences and speeches about race and class .
A convoluted plot of break-ins , architectural redevelopment and mid-30s life crises mask a fairly standard tale of a love triangle .
Everything in Anthony Minghella 's Breaking and Entering is torn and in need of mending ... And like the flaw 's set within the confines of the film , the movie itself is in need of a little tinkering itself .
The pitch meeting must have been frightening : `` Caché for fans of Chocolat . ''
A messy yet occasionally affecting drama .
Un drama urbano muy contemporáneo que explora superficialmente ciertas realidades sociales , pero que presta más atención a las crisis domésticas de sus personajes . Podría haber sido mucho más interesante .
Minghella signe une % u0153uvre enivrante énumérant avec tact et intelligence les valeurs d'honnêteté , de respect et de confiance découlant de chacune de ses résolutions de conflit .
Class friction and the ensuing cinema of paranoia evidence of the growing class divide on screen
... a handsome but regrettably underpowered and preachy movie about liberal white guilt .
When Vera Farmiga shows up as a ridiculous Romanian prostitute , we want to give her money just so she 'll remain onscreen and continue to flash her chest and her phony accent and offer at least the promise of titillation .
A story of thievery and a torrid love affair , it takes a capable filmmaker and a skilled cast and locks them up in a holding cell of pretense .
Despite its title , Breaking and Entering does n't crack these characters and does n't let us see inside them ...
Deserves to be celebrated as a work that comes closer than any other to achieving what the filmmaker does best : Reminding us that no matter what is happening on a larger scale , we are defined by our interpersonal relationships .
A restrained , low-key chamber piece about immigration and gentrification , and the emotional quicksand associated with marital betrayal .
The events that unfold never feel completely authentic . And its optimistic message of forgiveness feels too pat , as one character jokes in another context , to be contagious .
There is n't an honest human moment in the whole movie .
This is a smart , elegant , sophisticated film that should be everything I want to see in a movie and yet fails to be because it 's missing that one enigmatic element , the hardest to capture , the most unfakeable : spirit .
Since the movie is about mending class differences , Minghella manufactures a hopeful ending that wants to have it all -- just as he wants his London to have it all -- but which instead only rings false .
Despite its arty construction and clever dialogue , Breaking and Entering leaves us too chilly to care .
Minghella 's screenplay may be a little too ambitious ; it 's overstuffed with plot and characters .
Breaking and Entering offers a kinder , gentler version of London 's strife than we 're accustomed to seeing . Not all parts of the script are equally well-developed , and sometimes it seems as if we 're looking at drama under glass .
An intimate , but intriguing drama . It refuses to be categorized .
Minghella obviously has affection for his ever-changing London , but the city is a more intriguing character than any of the people inhabiting it .
As with all of Minghella 's films , there 's intelligence and texture and depth and feeling , though here the emotions can seem frostbitten . Perhaps the first thing that was n't working and needed to be fully broken to heal was the script .
-LSB- Minghella 's -RSB- need to meticulously control every situation , to so perfectly intertwine the lives of every character and to tie up every loose thread creates a degree of contrivance so unrealistic that the fine performances of the cast are muted .
Minghella has assembled a good cast , but the mildly interesting script never becomes compelling or even completely believable .
Dramatically , it 's pale and wan , an almost defiant bore . It sits there , like a month-old stew hiding in the back of the fridge : thick , gummy , indigestible .
A script so larded up with consciousness-raising claptrap and milky , synthesized epiphanies , there 's no way you can stomach it .
An overly metaphorical mess in which virtually every character and story element is so choked with portent that the whole thing looks like a fire sale at Symbols ' R Us .
Maybe Jude Law should take some time off from acting . Maybe Juliette Binoche should get a new dialect coach . Maybe Anthony Minghella should try writing a movie ending that does n't make everybody groan .
The story has an undeniable tinge of soap opera that Minghella tries to rinse away by engaging in scenes crammed with self-analyzing dialogue and one emotional crisis after another .
A movie that is so tightly wrapped in highbrow airs and lofty significance , it forgets how to breathe . Only Vera Farmiga brings any trace of personality or spontaneity to the picture .
With all these unbelievable situations , the too-articulate-for-its-own-good dialogue , the dragging pace and the lack of chemistry between Law and Binoche , a viewer does n't care how this mess all turns out .
For all its Bergmanesque agonizing , the film never digs too far under the surface . It fails to break and enter .
A sharp study in contrasts built on sturdy performances , Breaking and Entering manages to tackle immigration , youthful rebellion , family dynamics and , yes , love . The title does n't merely refer to buildings , it also refers to hearts .
Breaking and Entering , not unlike a pair of other English dramas of recent vintage -LRB- Notes on a Scandal and The Queen -RRB- , provides further proof that so-called serious filmmaking can be equally entertaining and provocative .
A close-up of two disparate families in current-day London , Breaking and Entering lacks the heart and emotional warmth needed to tell the story of betrayal and its effects on loved ones .
-LSB- Minghella has -RSB- simply traded the turgid solemnity of the period epic for the turgid solemnity of the indie drama .
With its overwritten , every-hair-in-place script , Breaking and Entering robs itself of reality .
Breaking and Entering piqued my curiosity but failed to deliver the emotional wallop I expected .
Starts busily , and soon becomes a bafflement -- such an interesting cast , such technical excellence , so many intricate details and parallel plot threads , yet so little clarity or urgency .
Anthony Minghella 's Breaking and Entering shimmers with good intentions and competency : Its blue/gray palette is elegant and unobtrusive ; its cast is uniformly fine with occasional startling moments of brilliance .
Everything flows from the film 's fundamental lethargy -- a hero without a spine , a romance without joy and a crime with neither moral rebuke nor consequences . No surprise that the story , like the protagonist , floats along in a noodly sort of way .
An A-list soaper on moral pins and needles , the film is urbanely textured , full of Brit glibness and plush layering . Minghella makes broodingly adult coffee-table movies , and sometimes we wish he 'd just serve up the coffee .
It 's balanced , tasteful and carefully rendered , but it feels too carefully measured to be real . I prefer the pulp and the grittiness of Stephen Frears ' Dirty Pretty Things , a much earthier and more enjoyable picture about London immigrants .
No one is allowed to explode with emotion in this picture because if they did , it might interrupt our admiration of Minghella 's carefully constructed story , with all its ` profound ' connections .
Breaking and Entering is about a kind of white privileged guilt and the apologies that come with it . Minghella gingerly backs away from provocation , from realism .
Its waywardness may not make for the tightest of narratives , but it certainly gives the movie the pulse of real , random life
Minghella successfully returns to smaller more intimate fare .
What are the meaningful connections between these people 's lives ? Are they real and significant , or are they just plot contrivances , the manipulation of pawns in an onscreen board game ?
Writer-director Anthony Minghella tries to base his story on the messy , unpredictable nature of human emotional response . What he gets is mostly a mess .
Plays by its own rules and hopes prospective audiences are patient enough to follow characters whose lives are more rewarding to watch than the ho-hum plot surrounding them .
The first third of the movie is intelligent and sets up an intriguing premise . Then the plot takes unconvincing and unlikely turns that result in an ending that feels false and forced .
It does n't have the kind of flair , impact or resonance we 've come to expect from the director .
For all its contrivances -LRB- including Vera Farmiga 's improbably erudite whore -RRB- , Breaking and Entering has its finger on the pulse of contemporary London life and possesses its share of fleeting delights .
The film gives us hope about our ability to become better people when we 're faced with difficult situations , but it 's not sentimental .
A smart , well-mannered film that could use a little more juice and fire .
Breaking and Entering just hangs there , positing its theme of how the personal becomes political and the political becomes personal over and over , without ever grabbing either your heart or your mind .
Seeing the film is like attending a refined cocktail party where social problems are clucked over and personal tensions are politely disregarded . When it 's over , you wish you 'd gone to a bar where people know how to have an argument and throw a punch .
A case of grade-A professionalism totally oblivious to the inanity of the work being put forth .
The fact that three major characters are named ` Will , ' ` Liv ' and ` Bea ' should indicate Minghella 's commitment to subtlety .
Minghella has drawn intimate love stories from supernatural fantasies and widescreen epics , but not even he can turn sappy corn into social commentary .
Minghella seems intent on making Merchant-Ivory films now , and I do n't mean that in a good way .
A shrewd and decent movie .
Go see Anthony Minghella 's jagged new drama , Breaking and Entering , and you 'll feel as if you 're getting two movies for the price of a single ticket . The bad news ? Only one of these stories is actually worth your money .
Breaking and Entering is so bloodless that even Minghella 's best ideas come off as wan and pale . We 're aware of the angst and confusion these characters suffer , and yet the movie shows us nothing so messy as real pain .
Weak as both a forbiden afair drama due to the non existant chemistry of the illicit couple , and as a sociological exploration of the relationships between the rich white man and the ghetto boy , or even as a political approach of the Bosnian drama , B&E on
Breaking and Entering climaxes in a welter of apologies . Everyone in London , it seems , has cause for remorse and for my part I regret that I lost count of the number of times the words ` I 'm sorry ' were uttered on screen .
If Breaking and Entering were a piece of music , it would be the kind to which you 'd have to either listen closely the first time around or listen again to make sure you did n't miss anything .
... a dull and dreary snooze .
All in all , Breaking and Entering is n't a bad start for 2007 .
... despite Minghella 's admirable attempt to tackle major themes on an intimate scale , the film goes down like weak tea .
... nothing but hot air .
Anthony Minghella 's romantic drama is a thoughtful work that explores relationships and the intangibles that form the distances keeping people apart . For the discerning , intelligent cinema lover .
Many talented directors have a Breaking and Entering in them , and some -- like Anthony Minghella -- have the misfortune of being successful enough to have it green-lit .
Minghella should be complimented on at least attemptingsomething cerebral , but the experiment falls short . The schematic screenplay complete with bald symbols ... and the various aspects of both `` breaking '' and `` entering '' that are employed devalue the fina
Benoît Delhomme 's cool cinematography and a truly lovely score , by Underworld 's Karl Hydem , Rick Smith and Gabriel Yared , are the film 's biggest assets .
There are moments in Breaking that are heart-stoppingly perfect in their observance of human beings engaging in games of the heart .
Another boring , messy , pessimistic relationship movie about men cheating and women behaving cruelly .
A shapely , intelligent piece probing the placid surface of London 's trendy reputation to discover an array of 21st century maladies -- personal , social , political , criminal , even mental , but not , it transpires , dental .
Minghella raises some interesting questions on the subject of exile - whether from one 's country , family , ethnic identity or self . But his conclusions feel pious and pat .
Handsome man deals with neurotic wife by having unlikelyaffair with mother of criminal lad .
The performances here are the thing and they are great .
It 's a very smart film .
A drab , unaffecting combination of unrealistic drama and muddled didacticism , impossible to connect with on either an emotional or an intellectual level .
-LSB- Breaking and Entering is a -RSB- sophisticated and wonderfully particular character study ...
Makes the mistake of cluttering the screen and the story . They run out of time because of the filler , so the emotions are rushed to the extremes .
It 's an unsettling pleasure , but pleasurable nonetheless , to listen to adults talk about intimate issues in an engaged , intelligent manner for the better part of two hours .
Minghella is aided immeasurably by his excellent cast , especially Jude Law , who seems to get better with every film , and a radiant Juliette Binoche in one of her best performances .
Minghella gives the impression that , underneath all the sludge , he has something very important to say , but this never makes itself clear .
Not quite a misdemeanor , but definitely nothing to celebrate .
One of Jude Law 's best performances .
Breaking and Entering sighs and whimpers and waffles until , far from losing myself in this timid movie , I found myself wishing it would speak up .
What is worse : the theft of material possessions or the theft of someone 's heart ? That 's the intellectually engaging premise .
-LSB- Minghella -RSB- is once again working from his own original screenplay , and it seems to bring out the best in him ... . extra credit points for making the first non-action film to incorporate the sport of Parkour ...
This story 's ultimate resolution is saccharine . -LRB- Even the hooker turns out to have a heart of gold . -RRB- But it 's still heartening .
Weepy . Rich people morals .
Jude Law needs to get a new agent .
In the end , the film wraps up awfully neatly considering how sloppy and unraveled the characters ' lives had been at the height of their conflicts .
... This is a movie that plods while we keep hoping it will soar .
The inner city does n't work for either Minghella or Law in this tedious pot-boiler that even Juliette Binoche ca n't pull out of the fire
Perhaps the kindest way to describe Anthony Minghella 's Breaking and Entering is to say it 's evident as being broken fairly early during the proceedings .
A thought-provoking and ethically-charged film that greatly expands our moral understanding of the act of stealing .
From its class warfare premise to the presence of Juliette Binoche , Breaking and Entering plays out like a softer , more cuddly version of Michael Haneke 's Caché .
A betrayal of a dedicated cast and a middlebrow demographic that deserves better than this handsome , pedagogical tongue bath whether it asks for it or not .
Minghella raises social issues his film may not be providing answers for ... or , less than acceptable ones .
It 's a smart film , but like much of Minghella 's output , it is too polite to grip .
Minghella is a master at texture and depth , which makes up for some frustration with the characters
Diffuse , disappointing , and strangely out of touch .
The film is saddled with a badly written , unconvincing ending that threatens to ruin the film completely - in fact , you 're almost better off leaving the cinema ten minutes early and supplying your own ending .
This timely anatomy of one problematic neighborhood , where race , class , and sex interface and crash -LRB- as in the film Crash -RRB- begins well but then escalates into heavyhanded melodrama marred by implausible subplots , allegorical meanings , and pat ending .
Despite some admirably committed performances , the film is marred by a few plot contrivances that cast unbelievability into a story that strives to be about real relationships , real politics , and real economics .
Breaking and Entering is an intelligent movie with a great supporting cast -- virtues that prove to be its undoing .
An odd mix of the sophisticated and the sentimental .
Minghella returns to his roots for a moody and stylish London drama that 's full of terrific scenes and strong performances . Although it 's a little contrived and overwrought .
Anthony Minghella 's film is conspicuously thoughtful and civilized as it provides a close-up snapshot of particular aspects of life in London at this moment .
What gives the movie its intrigue and vitality though is the neighborhood where the story takes place .
It took me a while to move once Entering ended .
Like last year 's Academy Award-winning Crash , Breaking and Entering is about random collisions between classes and cultures . It 's also just as contrived .





@highlight

This class warfare drama feels contrived and superficial : characters do n't act logically as the movie manipulates them towards deconstructing various social issues .