Herzog has his documentary in hand , explaining that what we have here `` iz on astone-ishing story of beauty and depth '' . He 's not wrong .
Herzog 's stirring , thought-provoking documentary meditates with exceeding insight into the mind that drove the man .
Werner Herzog forgoes judging Timothy Treadwell 's disputed methods or questionable mental state - letting viewers decide based on footage that suggests Treadwell essentially sought some sort of transmutation from flesh to fur .
Remarkable beauty and wonder
Did we really need the poorly staged interviews and confrontations ... ?
Like so much of Herzog 's work , both narrative and documentary , this is an engrossing look at obsessive behavior gone terribly awry .
Treadwell , a failed TV actor , is presented as someone desperate to give and receive love . That he went to such extremes is tragic , but also , in Herzog 's sympathetic eyes , deeply human .
As a character critique it is hardly a mauling , for Herzog is too sophisticated a thinker , too respectful towards his subject , and altogether too humane to tear Treadwell apart for a second time .
An amazing , provocative and ultimately creepy film .
chilling
Uma das maiores obras-primas da carreira de um cineasta que vem conquistando , ao longo dos últimos 44 anos , um lugar mais do que merecido entre os ícones da Sétima Arte .
After having gorged on nonfiction films that tell us what to think , Werner Herzog 's Grizzly Man is an improbable palate cleanser , allowing us to not know what to think and encouraging us to admit as much .
Part punk wildlife doc , part diary of a twisted soul , part cautionary tale , Grizzly Man is a complex , unique and engrossing journey into the murky recesses of an unhinged mind .
Makes us feel like kids at a Punch and Judy show wanting to shout out `` Behind you ! ''
Not really a nature film -LRB- unless maybe human nature ? -RRB- . I just could n't help but feel it was more opportunistic than inspired . I left feeling somewhat manipulated .
A tremendous achievement , despite its niggling flaws .
At turns fascinating and banal ... a film that dances around vital questions about the human condition that it is barely able to articulate , let alone address .
Fascinating as both nature documentary and as a portrait of a narcissistic monomaniac , utterly in keeping with Herzogian type .
He was enough of an amateur to be relaxed and unselfconscious , yet enough of a professional to generate all this outstanding footage , and quite rightly Herzog declines to patronise or make fun of him .
Poignant , powerful and unforgettable .
Fascinating documentary about obsession , insanity and , well , bears , this is by turns moving , disturbing and laugh-out-loud funny .
Bear ambition
A psychological smorgasbord .
exceptionally powerful documentary
German auteur Werner Herzog pieces together the remarkable footage Treadwell left behind into a superb portrait of a fractured obsessive living literally on the edge .
Sad story of misplaced trust in nature .
Out of those 100 hours of footage , a filmmaker could have made dozens of possible documentaries . The one that Herzog chose to make is a compelling , crazy near-masterpiece .
Funny , sad , horrific , philosophical , poetic , sometimes all at the same time . This is an amazing piece of cinema .
A documentary unlike any other that tells its story in a manner that 's at once inevitably tragic , pathetic and even downright silly .
Perhaps in Treadwell , Herzog sees a reflection of the mad conquistador of ` Aguirre The Wrath of God . '
... an absolutely fascinating portrait of humanity at its most brutally honest , and is so much more than merely a cautionary tale .
If grizzly man Timothy did n't die , the film most likely would not have been made .
flows like snowmelt due to Herzog 's opinionated narration and dramatic interviews
A chilling reminder that an outwardly pure and innocent desire to get closer to the wild can easily cross the line into the stupid , the selfish and the downright dangerous .
An alternately gripping and funny-charming nature film and psychological study .
Not for the faint of heart .
-LSB- Treadwell -RSB- left behind 100 hours of some of the most astonishing nature footage ever captured by camera .
It is both a cautionary tale and an homage to a life lived on the edge of a psychological precipice .
Compelling , disturbing documentary .
Treadwell emerges as a compelling figure , even when his childlike babbling at the bears sounds like the sound of the affirmations offered by the Stuart Smalley character on TV 's Saturday Night Live .
Herzog finds a real-life figure to rival the outsized characters of his greatest films , Aguirre : The Wrath of God and Fitzcarraldo .
A haunting documentary about the fine line between devotion and delusion that deepens our appreciation for both animal and human nature .
Herzog , who remains immune to Treadwell 's projections and to his self-regard , works here as a poet of the first order -LSB- in Ruskin 's hierarchy -RSB- .
Herzog is still the only person who could have made Grizzly Man . His admiration for Treadwell has its limits , but he understands , better than most directors , what it means to follow dreams into the belly of the beast .
A startling insight into the man and his demons ... He believed himself to be the bears ' protector ; it never occurred to him he was crossing a line that was strictly taboo .
Offers the best that non-fiction films have to offer , where the filmmaker is able to interact with , rather than simply react to , his subject ...
A rich , well-crafted documentary that offers a rare glimpse at someone who respected Mother Nature but refused to live by her rules .
The movie 's greatest draw remains the vivid , complex portrait Herzog paints of a man who could have easily been dismissed as a freak .
Herzog comes across as the worst kind of cinematic jackass-the filmmaker who does n't trust his own work to speak for itself .
Veteran director Werner Herzog finds factual subject matter that feels right up his thematic alley in Grizzly Man .
-LRB- Werner -RRB- Herzog , showing his courage as a filmmaker , lets -LRB- Timothy -RRB- Treadwell ramble on way beyond the point of awkwardness .
A troubling and invigorating film from Werner Herzog , the brilliant German director who approaches Treadwell 's story with equal parts sympathy and skepticism .
Works on multiple levels -- all riveting .
It 's an uncompromising character study of a man who found peace , and ultimately death , among some of the most dangerous predators on the planet .
Grizzly Man has the creepy voyeurism of going through a dead man 's pockets .
Wild Kingdom was never like this ... In Herzog 's bizarre rerun , Treadwell gets to be the star of his own movie . The only thing he had to do was die .
Grizzly Man is a truly provocative essay .
Transcendent and absorbing , depicting our place in the universe with ferocious honesty and unflinching strength .
Director Werner Herzog handles this difficult material with exceptional skill .
The glory of Grizzly Man is Herzog 's brutal honesty in probing the naturalist 's legacy and yet still crafting a document that allows the viewer to make up their own mind as to what it all means .
Herzog is primarily interested in Treadwell the filmmaker , but you 'll likely be fascinated with him as a human being .
It 's amazing stuff : Treadwell the amusingly overeager bear-man vs. Herzog the cold-eyed chronicler of human excess .
What makes Grizzly Man remarkable are the edited tapes that at first seem to show a man at peace among nature , and then later reveal the startlingly fragile state of that man 's mind and persona .
As unsettling as it is fascinating .
As a filmmaker , in Herzog 's opinion , Treadwell was without equal . But as a naturalist , well , let 's just say that his canteen had sprung a leak .
Grizzly Man is a haunting and fascinating portrait of so much that is worth exploring : the implacability of nature , the hubris of human endeavor and the line between supreme dedication and madness .
Herzog 's obituary to eco-warrior Timothy Treadwell is often intriguing but ultimately feels oddly -- and sadly -- senseless .
... Herzog continually overstates his own film 's significance ...
Wait for video ... Thirty minutes of this would have been mesmerizing . Over three times that amount is just repetitious .
This is shaping up to be another great year for documentaries and this is one of the best .
Notable for its depiction of nature as alien and unforgiving , frightening in its cold majesty .
Treadwell produced home movies with some of the most spectacular images of the wild that one is likely to see .
A profound , fair-minded , astonishing cinematic work , and maybe the most gratifying and complete documentary release since Bowling for Columbine .
Amazing documentary .
A Shakespearean character study that packs the sheer terror of The Blair Witch Project .
A documentary crew , a horrible massacre and found footage reassembled to yield insight into the final moments of the luckless victims -- it 's all there in the riveting Grizzly Man .
Grizzly Man approaches greatness for all the things it touches on and the one thing it resists .
Sublime .
Incredibly , Herzog still manages through his masterful editing and curious narration to come up with something akin to his personal and singular vision .
His film is a subtle and deeply moving tribute to a flawed idealist who saw kinship in bears ' eyes , where Herzog sees only the abysmal indifference of nature .
Grizzly Man is the strange , sad and mesmerizing tale of a man who wanted to be a bear .
Although the film has sympathy for its subject 's idiosyncrasy , Herzog makes it clear that he strongly disagrees with Treadwell 's sentimental view of nature .
Grizzly Man tells one heck of a story , and it leaves us shaking our heads in amazement and disbelief .
Much of the fascinating wonder of Grizzly Man comes as Herzog attempts to understand Treadwell , a process that raises more questions than it answers .
It 's not great filmmaking but it is amazing film .
Though Herzog 's approach is chillingly fascinating , it makes this film less about an unusual life than about a bizarre death .
In the most amazing scene , Treadwell gets up close as two male bears do battle over a female , and notes with delight that one of the bears ` did a number two ' during the fight .
Herzog allows us to make up our own minds as we watch this lost soul on his fervent , increasingly desperate search for love , spirituality and fame .
Grizzly Man works on many levels and , while not perfect and a little lopsided , it is definitely worth the time and effort to watch .
The movie holds the same intriguing and absorbing appeal as John Krakauer 's non-fiction bestseller Into the Wild .
A portrait of a cracked American original , but one man 's brokenness proves oddly moving .
I guess the movie is fascinating in a train-wreck kind of way , but I was n't sure if the documentary is a tribute to Treadwell or just exploiting a tragic accident .
We 've already seen the fantastic March of the Penguins and Murderball , but Grizzly Man also needs to be included in discussion of possible Oscar contenders
A character study of a passionate , driven , eccentric man , who , for Herzog , embodies the tragic impossibility of the human condition .
A small masterpiece of a documentary that takes us into the heart of a complex darkness : the mysterious land of Alaska , the world of grizzly bears and , most significantly , the soul of Timothy Treadwell .
A shockingly complete image of a civilization-phobic Lost Boy , idiotic and heroic in close-to-equal measures .
Herzog is even more fascinated by -LSB- Treadwell 's -RSB- contradictions , his blind passion , and his inflated sense of privilege ...
A disturbing and provocative tale of obsession , bravado and self-invention that leaves you open-mouthed for all kinds of reasons .
A fascinating , evenhanded study of a strange man killed by his life 's calling .
Whatever you finally conclude about Treadwell , Herzog has made a one-of-a-kind movie .
Treadwell 's journey was no less bold or reckless than ... earlier Herzogian tales and certainly no less enthralling .
Timothy Treadwell is , indeed , the perfect Werner Herzog subject
The movie here is Treadwell 's footage -- some of it beautiful , much of it difficult to watch .
What really elevates Grizzly Man ... is the tension between the gloomy European 's view of nature as indifferent and unresponsive to man 's best intentions and the manic American 's fevered , hopeful embrace of what would ultimately kill him .
A film that 's at once beautiful , horrifying , tragic , uplifting , grimly humorous and unutterably sad , and it 's among Herzog 's very best .
We 're spared the sounds -LSB- of Treadwell 's death -RSB- , but haunted by our own mental image , one more example of the individual 's capacity to create his own reality .
Grizzly Man is unlike any nature documentary I 've seen .
A mesmerizing documentary by Werner Herzog about a young man obsessed with grizzly bears in the Alaskan wilderness .
-LSB- Grizzly Man -RSB- fails to establish Treadwell as much more than a serious headcase , let alone a titanic figure .
Grizzly Man is by turns hilarious , scary , touching , beautiful , bizarre , fascinating and always thought and argument provoking .
... Herzog 's heroes are simultaneously engrossing and repellent .
A mesmerizing work of disturbing power and unease .
Herzog 's pretentious manipulation of the material turns what might have been an interesting nature film into a biased character study .
A story of astonishing beauty and dark turmoil .
Grizzly Man is many things , including a much more resonant and complex portrait of TV-poisoned narcissism than Tarnation .
Compelling material from start to finish .
This is a riveting film , made all the more fascinating because it 's true .
Beautiful and bizarre ...
Fascinating juxtaposition of an eccentric nature lover with an intellectual German filmmaker , the bears taking second place in interest .
What do you get when you match a failed actor , ex-addict and former Medieval Times waiter with a wild grizzly ? Lots of trouble ... and a good story .
As revealing about Herzog as about his subject , the movie is brilliant , poetic , and utterly unique .
By the time Grizzly Man ends , you hope the grizzly bear that ate him took its time .
In a way , Grizzly Man is the ultimate nature documentary , for it chronicles the nature of man as well as the nature of animals .
Herzog ... has created something unique and unforgettable .
In Treadwell 's hearbreaking tale , Herzog finds a near-perfect encapsulation of his career-long obsession with investigating man 's thorny relationship with nature .
The life and death of grizzly bear expert Treadwell become an inquiry into the mysteries of wild versus human nature and the fine line between altruism , obsession , and madness
Devious manipulation attempting to change the reputation of a madman from an apparent coward who lured his girl friend to her death into a hero urging her to escape .
The loss of life will touch everyone who witnesses how a singular set of delusions and social coping factors bring it about .
... fascinating ...
A brilliant portrait of adventure , activism , obsession and potential madness that ranks among helmer Werner Herzog 's strongest work .
The results are by turns fascinating , horrifying , and maddening .
A mesmerizing portrait of a man who staged a 13-year dance with death .
A heartbreaking cautionary tale for those who `` love '' nature more than they `` understand '' it .








@highlight

Whatever opinion you come to have of the obsessive Treadwell , Herzog has once again found a fascinating subject .