Given the complex motivations at play , it 's unfortunate that the script does n't go in for much psychology and wastes precious minutes halfway humanizing Patrick 's Boer rival .
It does n't quite have the adrenaline to be a great thriller , but Catch a Fire makes up for it with compelling characters and a genuinely important theme , skillfully told . There 's not much else you can ask from a film than that .
Gritty apartheid drama pushes PG-13 limits .
If Derek Luke 's performance is anything to go by , than we might just have the next great actor of this generation .
Movies like Catch a Fire are perhaps the most banal sort to write about .
Noyce is now the favorite filmmaker of your local Amnesty International
... as the credits rolled , I did hope for more .
Let us hope that Noyce 's influence in Hollywood will help give this film the attention it deserves , and that his newfound activism will have some effect .
Sadly , it 's all a bit of a Boer about 20 years past its sell-by date and tells us little we did n't know already.Catch a Fire 's sluggishly paced plot refuses to come
Featuring excllent performances from Luke and Robbins , Catch A Fire is a mature , thought provoking film .
At its best when making the most of the conflicts at the heart of apartheid .
Revolutionary struggle in a film uniquely focused on an ordinary but remarkable man .
An intelligent thriller that effectively conveys the message that terrorism , even in apartheid-era South Africa , is rarely a black-and-white issue .
Noyce 's blockbuster tour of duty has equipped him with the skills to bring some of the 20th century 's most resonant stories to the masses , dressed in the lean gloss of satisfying thrillers .
What biopics and issue-driven films could be if they had the guts to go beyond the easy answers .
Actually serves as little else but agitprop for South Africa 's ruling party ...
The danger with films like Catch a Fire is that it wields the past purposefully as propaganda without tipping off the audience .
Apartheid revisited , less as a repugnant racist ideology than as an ethically ambivalent philosophy .
A story of bigotry , hatred , rebellion , forgiveness and finally , healing .
Though it was earnest in its heartfelt message , the film was not remarkable enough to make it memorable .
A well-made and aggravating -LRB- in a good way -RRB- character study .
If this all sounds a bit Manichean and over-earnest , well , it is .
The spark of the film 's sentiments as an ordinary man is motivated to be proactive standing up for right , burns like a flame .
What Catch A Fire lacks in depth it nearly makes up for in timeliness .
Manages to feel dated despite the extreme relevance of the message that one man 's freedom fighter is another man 's terrorist ...
While based on a true story ... and featuring several powerful moments , the film is conventional to the point of distraction ...
An explosive real life screen thriller . Derek Luke gives an Oscar-worthy performance .
... tightly-paced thriller , ... although the timing and motive of a movie that glorifies terrorism to achieve a political goal is suspect considering what 's going on in today 's world .
` Catch a Fire ' is a stirring political thriller with charismatic performances and sure-handed direction by Phillip Noyce .
A true story from apartheid-era South Africa , this moving and inspiring story has a heavy contemporary resonance .
An intensely personal film that effectively reduces its scope to a thrilling , brutal , individual story .
Noyce surprisingly prefers slick surface treatment to cutting into the bones-deep legacy of South Africa 's racial division . Nuanced performances and gripping laments are wasted on a sleek , empty action climax .
This is a gripping political thriller and Derek Luke has ` The New Denzel Washington ' written all over him . Highly recommended .
Luke is fine in the lead , proving that his good work in Antoine Fisher was no fluke .
Noyce 's film rises on the undeniable aura of authenticity , because his story is based on real events and people . -LRB- And actors Tim Robbins and Derek Luke create vivid characters on opposite sides of South Africa 's brutal struggle . -RRB-
Given the complexity of Chamusso 's own story , Catch a Fire might have benefited from a less-ambiguous villain .
The narrative resists the grandiosity of Vendetta and the self-righteousness of Syriana .
Despite Mr. Noyce 's attempt to achieve a sense of balance and restraint , the material covers an overly familiar landscape with no special insight or sense of purpose .
Catch a Fire ignites , incites and informs as few other movies of the fall do .
Catch a Fire was shot in South Africa and is well-acted by Luke and Robbins , who give their characters complexity and subtlety .
Catch A Fire is an interesting combo of biopic and political thriller .
Catch a Fire is confident enough to depict the battle from all sides .
-LSB- The film is -RSB- complex . It 's rich . I think it 's well-done .
Noyce 's instincts for suspense are so potent that Catch a Fire works as a thriller even if you ignore his politics .
Moderately moving but not truly shattering , as you might expect of a film with this theme ; ... its impact is more intellectual than visceral .
Had it been released twenty years ago , it would have had a better chance of catching on with audiences .
This thriller makes for some exciting viewing , with memorable performances by Tim Robbins and Derek Luke .
While this `` political thriller '' features plenty of action and reaction , it also leads to a kind of transcendent and yet also immediate , very earthly peace , as Derek Luke and Patrick Chamusso share the screen under the closing credits .
` Catch a Fire ' is proof that revenge may be a dish that 's best not served at all .
This is n't a movie of stark , black-and-white villainy . Instead , you get a real sense of the controlling impulses that power breeds .
`` Catch a Fire '' is an excellent real-life story with a social conscience .
Timely in theme , Catch a Fire resonates because it is about an issue from a time not so long ago -- apartheid ended in 1991 -- with which we can still identify .
` Catch a Fire ' gets off to a slow start , but once the suspense kicks in , it 's a riveting movie with superb performances by Robbins and Luke .
Slovo 's script is refreshingly ambiguous , never showing Patrick as a plaster saint nor Vos as a mustache-twirling villain .
Both harrowing and hopeful .
an emotionally jarring film for many reasons . As an indictment of injustice on a universal level , it is without peer . As a political thriller , it is riveting . But it 's as a cautionary tale that it is most powerful .
The whole thing leaves you feeling confused , especially the dénouement . That is not what good moviemaking is all about .
Patrick Chamusso , the refinery foreman played by Derek Luke in Catch a Fire , brims with energy , whether he 's dancing to a Donna Summer song or coaching the local youth soccer team .
Robbins tips the balance with his one-dimensional performance , and the earnest script follows in kind , settling for the sort of paternalistic take on black power and dignity that has dogged virtually every film like this .
It 's a bit too neatly constructed , but Noyce 's skills are sharp as ever .
Derek Luke owns this movie from start to finish , and the film 's truest power comes entirely from within him .
It is a passionately exuberant biography dripping in both atmosphere and suspense , all of it powered by a simple man who endured great personal tragedy in order to find it within himself to finally stand up and take a stand for what was right .
Slovo refuses to turn either Vos or Chamusso into an easily identifiable ` good guy ' or ` bad guy , ' and Robbins and Luke follow the same lead , creating credible , well-rounded characters ...
Even through the lens of director Phillip Noyce 's sympathetic camera eye , it 's impossible to keep the term ` terrorist ' at bay while watching Catch a Fire .
Right off the bat , Catch a Fire distinguishes itself from other recent international productions about Africa in that it is actually told from an African perspective .
Under the direction of Phillip Noyce , Catch a Fire becomes a suspenseful tale of one man 's radicalization and eventual journey through hatred to forgiveness .
Derek Luke 's amazing performance elevates the movie beyond any misstep .
Whatever you make of the film 's politics , Luke makes a vivid impression in his most substantial role since Antwone Fisher , and Robbins resists the temptation to make the thinly written Vos a villainous caricature .
Smoothly directed by Phillip Noyce , the movie relies heavily on well-staged action sequences and two gifted actors to keep its familiar tale from appearing stale .
Noyce 's straightforward , almost documentary style is especially effective , considering that so many incidents happened pretty much the way they 're portrayed .
Although Catch a Fire was clearly done for the right reasons , the movie dissipates its own tensions .
A political thriller that thankfully sidesteps the offensive convention of exploring Africa 's suffering through the eyes of a white protagonist .
As long as there 's oppression anywhere , well-told stories like this will always be relevant .
Thanks to a terrifically shaded performance by Robbins , Vos comes across as a complex character with clearly ambivalent feelings about his task and his place in the apartheid system .
Catch a Fire is firmly anchored to a real world in desperate need of a reminder of how evil once prospered , but never triumphed .
Phillip Noyce is admirably restrained in his filmmaking ; where other directors would assault the senses , he underplays the beatings Patrick endures without graphic detail .
-LSB- Derek -RSB- Luke , best-known for his headlining role in Antwone Fisher , plays Chamusso with grace and intelligence , but never quite locates his emotional mutation from get-along guy to hard-core revolutionary .
Catch a Fire could spark a few with this incendiary notion : Torture breeds terrorists .
Catch a Fire is really a story of tangled loyalties , rather than the political thriller it is being dubiously sold as .
Director Phillip Noyce clearly knows how to integrate the politics and the personal without resorting to didacticism or sentimentalism .
Catch a Fire blurs the distinction between labels and resonates through today 's global conflicts . More importantly , the film offers a taste of the desperation and fear behind the restrictions and the cruelty that whites forced on blacks .
Thanks to its incisive script and the excellent performances of Luke and Robbins , its primary characters are not just black and white , literally or figuratively , but instead are shaded and multidimensional , battling demons and conflicted as hell .
The best , most powerful moments in Catch a Fire come at the end -- in the film 's appropriately low-key conclusion .
Catch a Fire may not substantially expand our understanding of the apartheid era , but the look and feel of South Africa pervade this film , giving it enough vibrancy and impact to compensate for what feels familiar .
The remarkable South African story Catch a Fire is more than capable of raising and exploring resonant political questions in a Western world obsessed with terrorism .
Philip Noyce 's timely drama poses the polarizing question , of what , if anything , separates a ` freedom fighter ' from a ` terrorist . '
Having first burst on the scene in his groundbreaking title role in Antwone Fisher , Luke delivers here a top-notch performance that is nuanced and layered , with just the right emotional punch .
-LSB- Director Phillip -RSB- Noyce and -LSB- writer Shawn -RSB- Slovo remind us that , if you treat everyone in a culture as a terrorist , you 're certain to catch some who really are - but you 're also liable to make terrorists of those who never would have been .
Phillip Noyce 's Catch a Fire shares its name with the classic Bob Marley record . The record is better .
I ca n't say enough about Luke , who has been good before but breaks out with this multifaceted performance .
... another Hollywood celebration of someone else 's courage ...
a touch too literal-minded to pass as a genuinely great film ... But it is decent , sober and , in spots , thrilling .
The characters seem to be going through a ritualized telling of the evils of apartheid without really bringing anything new to the table .
Save for a committed performance by Derek Luke in the film 's lead role , there 's little that 's terribly remarkable about Catch a Fire .
Both men are ordinary , flawed characters , neither of them grand or outsize enough to warrant biopic treatment .
Effective and competent .
Luke has grown as an actor to have the same kind of screen presence as Matt Damon . If he keeps putting in performances like this , we 'll upgrade him to Leonardo DiCaprio status .
The villains are clearly marked , but never with enough nuance or design to make them memorable , while the heroes are flawed but not to the point of challenging archetypes .
A sizzling performance by Derek Luke ignites this story about Patrick Chamusso , a South African oil refinery worker who became caught up in the fight against apartheid .
An affecting story of punishment and crime , of betrayal and redemption marred by preachiness and a treacly ending , Catch a Fire is notable for its refusal to see things in terms of black and white .
Ultimately , -LSB- director Phillip Noyce -RSB- does a pretty good job of telling us the cost of freedom ; he just ca n't quite put us inside the skin of the people who had to pay it .
Catch a Fire is a well-constructed action thriller elevated by -LRB- Derek -RRB- Luke 's performance .
It 's possible to see a deeper level to what 's on screen but , regardless of whether or not a viewer chooses to engage the film in that way , it 's an effective piece of cinema .
The film sees its characters in overly simplistic terms , with little of the perspective or ambiguity you might expect more than a decade after the end of apartheid .
Derek Luke , best known for his Independent Spirit Award-winning lead performance in Antwone Fisher , brings a maturity , gravity and even fury to his richest role to date .
The film never strays much beyond the obvious .
Plays like a political Heat , but for the sake of the scrupulously researched social history , a bit of artificially induced pulse-pounding can be forgiven .
Luke is fine in the lead , proving that his good work in Antoine Fisher was no fluke .
The characters are not plot-serving constructs , so they behave in ways that are often contradictory , much like real people .
The director Phillip Noyce revisits the ordeal of an ordinary black South African who became a foot soldier in the war against apartheid .
What 's most riveting about Catch a Fire is the truth from which it springs .
-LSB- Dirctor Phillp Noyce 's -RSB- goal earns him empathy . But the film goes further than that , creating an absorbing portrait of a peaceful , well-meaning man who is mistreated at every turn until he finally strikes back .
Philip Noyce 's anti-apartheid drama is tense and thoughtful .
Director Noyce has been behind some terrific political thrillers lately , but Catch a Fire never quite ignites .
Australian director -LRB- Phillip -RRB- Noyce continues to explore the havoc and repercussions caused by white interlopers toward indigenous peoples in this straightforward account .
Director Phillip Noyce has crafted a powerful portrait of a people , their love of their land and their struggle to be free .
Noyce has sculpted a powerful and resonant portrait of a country gone insane trying to hold tightly to an intrinsically racist and immoral law .
Director Philip Noyce and screenwriter Shawn Slovo lean heavily into the thriller aspects of Chamusso 's story , leaving much of the nuance to actors Derek Luke , Bonnie Henna and Tim Robbins .
The action , political intrigue and marital tensions -LRB- which prove critical as the story unfolds -RRB- never quite coalesce into a compelling whole .
The movie is poorly made -- both too simple and too opaque .
Thanks to Luke , the film is never in danger of losing its spark .
A thought-provoking depiction of the process whereby self-righteous zealots who use barbaric tactics and torture to achieve their goals actually create more terrorists .
When someone makes a movie , a quarter of a century from now , about the American occupation of Iraq , it 's going to look like Catch a Fire , and it 's going to be enraging .
As out-of-Africa dramas go these days , Catch a Fire is downright old-fashioned , a liberal political thriller about a noble black man who stands up to a white imperial monster .
Luke is ... a relatable stand-in for those who may be falsely accused - and seething - in prisons of our own .
We naturally feel for these ill-treated characters , but it 's more of a Pavlovian reaction to the on-screen brutalities rather than because of anything served up in the surprisingly conventional script .
Phillip Noyce embraces the tale with gusto , lighting up a picture that is as much a taut action saga as it is a cautionary history lesson .
It 's the story of Patrick Chamusso , who intended no harm till harm was done to him . Fact is , he could be just about anyone anywhere -- South Africa , the Middle East , right next door .
There certainly have been many , less relevant films set in South Africa in recent years .
The rough trip of South African anti-apartheid hero Patrick Chamusso from apolitical worker to galvanized revolutionary and the brutal Afrikaner regime that tried to contain him .
`` Catch a Fire '' is an incendiary movie about an individual 's desperate decision to battle a corrupt government system after being mentally and psychically abused .
A feelgood movie based closely on actual events in SouthAfrica 's struggle for freedom from the Boer government .
Attempts to explain anti-Apartheid terrorism by a reluctant true-life hero and conflicted torturer .
Preachy to a fault and culminating in a treacly message .
Without applying its lessons to issues of terrorism today , the artistry of the product makes it meritable at any time .
For a 20th-century story , this how-to-make-a-terrorist biopic carries a very 21st-first century sense of constant social crisis , but a disappointingly slick approach drains away any risky politics .
Catch a Fire loses some heat whenever Noyce abides too closely to thriller conventions but it 's empowered and elevated by Luke 's terrific performance .
This one 's a nail-biter , a fast-paced , compulsively watchable political thriller .
The film champions its `` terrorist '' and vilifies its family man-turned-desperate lawman , and argues that when the lines between good and bad are forever blurred , forgiveness is mankind 's only salvation .
Impending history and potent music energize this Apartheid-era suspense film .
Stories of resistance to oppression will never become obsolete , but this feels like a picture that should have been made a long time ago .
Wearing its heart-and politics-on its sleeves , Noyce 's decent , straightforward account of anti-Apartheid hero Chamusso , comes across as simplistic if honorable period piece that does n't show the urgency of telling the tale or its relevancy to our times
There 's a lot to process here -- to its credit , the film is ambiguous in its treatment of violent terrorism to fight apartheid -- but nothing hits on an emotional level .




@highlight

No stranger to the political thriller , director Phillip Noyce tackles apartheid and terrorism with experienced gusto , while Derek Luke and Tim Robbins hand in nuanced performances .