It still falls back into those traps you see in so many bad animated films ... unnecessary dance sequences , the pop culture references and catchphrases that are two years to late and using real world music in a fantasy world of birds .
The birds are cute , but an unambitious storytelling sans twists and turns , makes this bird-watching unexciting if not tedious . The screenplay lacks depth and so does the conflict between characters .
If you 're an accompanying adult , be rest assured , there 's plenty of chuckles in it for you too . It 's a real egg-citing film .
Angry Birds shows that what happily fritters away a few idle moments on your mobile phone does n't necessarily have the substance for a 95-minute feature .
... could have been worse . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
I 'm sorry they could n't have relied more on the birdbrains at their disposal for a smarter story than a multimillion-dollar , volatile pun fest .
Angry Birds could have been an unmitigated disaster , and it was a big relief to see that it did n't even come close to that .
It 's lushly animated , genuinely hilarious at times and even comes with the all-important message about speaking up for what you believe in .
Would have been terrible even if it managed to come out during the period of time when society might have been interested in it . Instead , it 's both terrible and deeply pathetic .
The film launches a barrage of avian and porcine puns , plus a flock of knowing pop-culture references ... Most of these will fly right over the heads of younger viewers , but the film 's rambunctious silliness will go down a treat .
So now even social apps are being turned into feature films ? At this rate , should we expect Internet Meme : The Movie next ?
The Angry Birds Movie gets the job done , but there are strange tonal shifts here and a surprising amount of off-color jokes .
The Angry Birds Movie is really not bad . It is actually very actively okay . The film has taken its bird-brained brand ... and used it to construct characters and plots that are certainly serviceable , and possibly even inspired .
The Angry Birds Movie is childish and occasionally cute and capitalises on the game 's once addictive popularity .
It 's hardly anything about which to raise your eyebrows .
`` Inside Out '' this is not ... the most constructive outlet for anger is a violent bombing of the birds ' adversaries , as if Ted Cruz 's foreign policy advisor wrote the screenplay .
` Angry Birds ' never really takes flight .
It 's harmless enough , as junk goes , but why blow 10 bucks on it when the app is only 99 cents-and you get to play ?
Families of all ages deserve a lot better than this .
For a cartoon movie based on a Finnish mobile phone game whose cultural heyday was about four years ago , The Angry Birds Movie is much , much better than it has any right to be . -LRB- Splice Today -RRB-
Fitfully floppy - but Sony profits are flying high .
A frenetic kids ' film that is chock-full of madcap energy , throwaway sight gags and very silly puns , Angry Birds should most please those who are willing to relinquish their cynicism and go with the flow .
Every ounce of The Angry Birds Movie is a mimicry and mockery of something greater that came before it .
Not an instant classic , but it 's fun and enjoyable like an amusement park ride . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's interesting how it incorporates the game dynamic into the story in a creative way . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Kids deserve better than a long drawn out animated scene of a bald eagle urinating in to a lake that our characters just drank from moments ago .
Sarcastically , subversively funny , and all set within a surprisingly creative universe where three-dimensionally fluffy birds inhabit turquoise beaches and wonky houses that make you think of Dr. Seuss by way of Montego Bay .
Films based on video games have not set a very high bar in the past ... The Angry Birds Movie is at least unlikely to ruffle your feathers or have you blowing up in anger .
It could 've been much , much worse , but that does n't necessarily mean it 's any good . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It captures a lot of what 's so enjoyable about the mobile app , which is really all it needs to do .
There 's not enough here for a full length feature film - something that becomes obvious the longer the movie is on the screen .
It feels like something Dali would have dreamed up after imbibing a bottle of absinthe and choking on a ham sandwich .
Despite fleeting moments of entertainment , The Angry Birds Movie comes across as a hollow viewing experience that does n't have much to offer - even for kids .
Maybe at this point it 's too much to hope for an animated film like The Angry Birds Movie to exist as anything other than marketing fodder , but hopefully it 's not too much to ask for that #content to have a shred of substance to it .
When all is said and done , `` Angry Birds '' probably should have just been left in your pocket .
Another animated movie based on a video game ? Do n't despair , these angry birds -- led by the choleric Red -LRB- Jason Sudeikis ' voice -RRB- -- are great fun .
While Pixar 's masterfulness is found in the subtlety of their approach , The Angry Birds Movie goes for broke in a more visceral approach , packing in pop culture references bound to go over any child 's head , no matter how precocious .
Angry Birds could be gonzo ; instead , it 's just kinda ... there .
Silly , frenetic , sometimes-crude ` toon based on popular app .
The plot is pretty simple . The real question is can it entertain the kids , and the answer depends on how receptive your children are to gyrating dance sequences set to covers of old pop standards .
Movies based on video games continue to earn their wretched reputation , and I 'm afraid The Angry Birds Movie wo n't do anything to change that .
I 've never played the game . Hopefully it 's more fun .
Not even Sean Penn 's grunts can save this stinker .
Oddly targeted at younger viewers , many of whom may not have been the game 's first crop of power players , this animated feature could prove to introduce them birds to a whole new generation .
Might not be the most original and novel way to convert a game and its characters into a movie , but it can be funny most of the time .
Aside from a few jokes and some puns related to birds and the eventual invading pig population , this is a pretty lame exercise . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Sexual Content , etc. - Also Available -RRB-
Both children and adults will delight in the way the destruction of the pigs ' island amplifies the joys of the original game . The effect is an amusing reversal of cultural recognition as the role of the icons expands through reproduction ...
`` The Angry Birds Movie '' is about as filling as the game itself , and has little to say other than friendship is good , pigs are bad , and angry payback is best of all .
Even though ` Anger is not always the answer , ' sometimes it has to be , or there 's no movie , and here 's where The Angry Birds Movie will divide audiences .
Seeing an animated film in a theatre full of children and never hear them laughing is an indicator that something 's wrong . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Parents will come out as angry as the titular birds of this one . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Bright and cheerful , but under-plotted and overproduced .
a chaotic yet amusing tale of animated avians battling plundering pigs
The game `` Angry Birds , '' at its core , is a destination for switching off your brain . And movies , even throw-away summer animated kid films , should aim for something more .
The kids of today deserve better . So do I , come to think of it .
Game over .
Parents of 5-year-olds , you have been warned .
Ticket buying adults should n't just be angry , they should punch the filmmakers .
The moral of Angry Birds is that it 's fine -- even necessary and virtuous -- to be angry , to rage , and to destroy . Have fun explaining that one to the kids .
Terrific use of 3D , unique story and sly references for adults .
The Angry Birds Movie is exactly what one expects from a movie based on a video gaming app , and so much less .
If the very idea of an Angry Birds movie feels about four years too late , know that it also has a joke about gluten .
Overall the film 's a long play of a video game barely propped up by plot and stock personalities .
Distinctly earthbound ... neither bad enough to make you furious nor good enough to be memorable .
After paying good money to take your family to see this film , you may be dealing with some anger-management issues of your own .
The movie is ultimately a 90-minute commercial with vivid colors and other cuddly game characters popping up along the way .
I admit I fell victim to many a belly laugh watching The Angry Birds Movie . I loved Sudeikis ' and Penn 's performances .
Screenwriter Jon Vitti and first-time directors Fergal Reilly and Clay Kaytis certainly give it a try , but their bag of tricks is mostly recycled and their sense of humor is aimed squarely at 12-year-old boys .
The humor is all over the place . It 's a film that hopes that shaking a pig 's butt or drinking pee-filled water will get the easy laughs from the youngest viewers while the adults in the audience count the second until they can leave .
The only saving grace is that it should keep anyone under the age of 6 entertained . Of course , you can do the same thing with the video game .
Angry Birds ' 3-D animation is perfectly honed for a game-based flick , but it ca n't make up for a story that feels cobbled together from a thousand-million cellular thumbs .
Kids will revel in its bright , dumb fun , even if adults will be disappointed that its terrific ensemble were n't given more to work with .
An oppressive onslaught of noises and colors , occasionally punctuated by a joke .
Again and again , Angry Birds returns to the well , assuming that imitating the way other cartoons look , or making a goofy noise , will cause something funny to just kind of happen .
`` The Angry Birds Movie '' is unnecessary but cute , like a bonnet on a cat - and there are certainly worse recommendations than that .
The occasionally amusing puns and over-talented voice cast do n't compensate enough for the meager story and the haphazard morals aimed at indiscriminating children .
It 's an off-the-rack CGI-animated effort that wastes considerable vocal talent on a tired concept , only content to gift fans what they expect , and nothing more .
Goes through familiar , harmless and occasionally amusing plot motions to explain why these birds are so angry , and why they 're perfectly justified in going bin Laden on buildings .
Repackaged way past the time when the game was a peak obsession , this animated joyride is still an irresistible invitation to shake your sillies out .
The movie 's story , by John Cohen , is pretty thin gruel , but Jon Vitti 's smart-aleck script can be quite funny , and the brightly colored animation is appealing .
A entertaining story full of jokes and funny moments . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Whereas you only needed a single finger to play the game , not one brain cell is required to process this busy , fizzy , empty-calorie calamity .
The jaunty story has enough kinetic energy to keep young audiences engaged . And it remains truthful to the anarchic spirit of the game on which it is based .
The 3-D animated film delivers a mildly diverting mix of winky meta-jokes and moral lessons , cannily aimed at both the next generation of tiny consumers and their more sophisticated parents .
The humor tends to be groaning aviary or porcine puns , like a store named ` Calvin Swine , ' a poster for Kevin Bacon in ` Ham-let ' or our lead whining , ` Pluck my life ' ? -LRB- You know , for the kids ! -RRB-
A kooky , kitchen sink comedy with lots of laughs for kids of all ages !
While it 's a disappointment compared to a lot of other animated films , it 's not entirely bad .
`` The Angry Birds Movie '' is just fowl .
The Angry Birds Movie is a lot of things , but none of them true to the app 's appeal .
Irrelevant animated film that comes out when Angry Birds is n't even popular anymore . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It should come as no surprise that The Angry Birds Movie is a loud and dumb children 's film , but for what it 's worth , there are plenty of cinematic commercial ventures that are louder and dumber and so on than the well-meaning and slickly sold Birds .
It 's not the worst thing out there , but the running time is too much and more than just curiosity does n't really hold up as a great movie . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
-LSB- Angry Birds -RSB- proves to be more than just a gimmick , and does n't skimp on any of the quirky wackiness that you might expect from a film about blob-shaped , flightless birds battling pigs .
It IS only a movie for kiddies , but really , come on ! Surely they deserve something better ?
Instead of elevating the Angry Birds concept to surreal heights of insane genius , the filmmakers settle for a tale bogged down by familiar themes plucked from much better films .
It 's not entirely mindless fun on the level of the game , but it is just simple , goofy entertainment .
Ultimately , The Angry Birds Movie does a decent job exploring the merits of anger . It 's no Inside Out , but it has heart and life , which is n't too shabby for any film -- app or not .
... do n't take your children to sit and lose hour and a half of their lives you wo n't get back . You 've been warned . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The Angry Birds Movie plays best to children who are easily entertained , but even they deserve better than this .
There is still plenty of whimsy , colour and slapstick comedy present in The Angry Birds Movie to keep the adults relatively entertained and the kiddies -- who are more than likely to be the most entertained -- giddy with joy .
What the heck is this ? Some sort of meninist political statement attempting to vindicate male anger ? In a kids ' movie ? Maybe men should n't make movies ...
What ` The Angry Birds Movie is about is better than how it 's about it .
Never once transcends expectations , instead perpetuating our initial apprehensions related to the project .
... feels a little haphazard and undercooked ...
As a film , The Angry Birds Movie is an okay kids ' flick , no more no less , but as a video game adaptation it is actually remarkably well done .
For the record , my eight-year-old son gave it five stars .
This simply is n't funny enough to charm the parents of the film 's intended audience : impressionable and not particularly discerning children .
A fast , funny , deliriously silly , breezy piece of animated folly - far too low-brow for Pixar , far too dragon-free for Dreamworks ... A phone app turned into a fun family film ? Makes you glad you lived this long .
Pretty animation , weak jokes and a message that feels downright sinister .
The humour thrives primarily off of the kookiness of its characters .
The film is so random that it ca n't help but get the audience laughing .
I 'm sure that playing the game for an hour is much more fun than this movie . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It pulls off what has hitherto seemed an impossible feat : staying true to the spirit of the video game on which it was based , and simultaneously , breathing new life into the concept .
The Angry Birds Movie has becomed what could easilly be a ver proftable movie franchise . -LSB- Fiull review in Spanish -RSB-
The Angry Birds movie has a lot of poop jokes , fun , and pop culture references , but it does it going out of common places , which is something we can appreciate . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This videogame adaptation is a little more than an acceptable family film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The Angry Birds franchise keeps growing and now it does so with splendid animation and the funny and explosive shennanigans of the characters of the game . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's visually pleasing , but after the first minutes it becomes a dull and lifeless adventure that get tiresome quickly . -LSB- Full revew in Spanish -RSB-
Jokes come thick and fast in a film that plays to the cheap seats but may bewilder the younger viewers at whom it 's presumably aimed .
I laughed more during The Angry Birds Movie than I have at any film for a while .
Animation veterans Fergal Reilly and Clay Kaytis ensure this Skittles-coloured universe is never less than zippy . But it 's the cast that makes the movie .
The plot is rudimentary but the visuals are pleasing enough to get through some of the quieter patches .
A freewheeling film that winds up celebrating the need to be true to yourself .
We discover what made the phone app angry birds incandescent with rage in The Angry Birds Movie , repurposed for children in this cheerfully ironic adaptation .
While this is strictly for kids , it 's bright , bold and soon , er , flies by .
This is surprisingly fun , with loveable characters .
An animated tale that 's a million miles from the irreverent brilliance of The Lego Movie , but mercifully still more than a bare-minimum cash grab .
While it 's maybe more fun for spring chickens , The Angry Birds Movie does a lot with a flimsy premise .
The Angry Birds Movie is quite good fun .
A great videogame adaptation with zany humor and good animation . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Pretty much meets egg-spectations of an absurd bird game plucked from an app and served up on the big screen .
A collection of gags that come together in a feel good finale , rather than a cohesive story , The Angry Birds Movie still has its moments , some of which may have you chuckling for days .
Adults wo n't feel that angry at having seen it afterwards , while the little ones will be amused .
Angry Birds is -- really sorry about this one -- a hoot .
It 's buoyantly paced , and has just enough sincerity about its feathered society to keep you from sneaking glances down at WhatsApp .
Pulling off a commendable movie version of the game was always going to be a difficult task , no matter how good the graphics or the one-liners . In the end , it 's the target audience that really matters .
Whatever we might think of its broader implications , in the end , The Angry Birds Movie is basically a franchise extender that follows a predictable formula .
A brash , sarcastic just-about-family-friendly adventure .
... About as entertaining as avian flu .
While not quite on the level of The Lego Movie , this is an energetic and entertaining adventure that wo n't ruffle the feathers of any dragged-along adults .
The sheer contrived ridiculousness is part of the fun . But you really do have to know the game .
A lighthearted and entertaining romp .
Even when the feather-light plot gets into a freeform flap , the trade-off is an energised kind of knowing , anarchic playfulness : the sort that favours spewed-up bird food gags over vomit-inducing homilies .
I got a chuckle out of the corny throw-away visual puns . . but much of the film seems too loud , too fast and too hard to follow for its target market of kiddies . Hell , it was tough for me , too
It is cute and colourful , but a bit too crass - not withstanding its excellent animation and production elements
As silly and disposable as the video game that inspired it -- but nowhere near as addictive -- `` The Angry Birds Movie '' is fitfully funny but tends towards a madcap mixture of comedy and action that never develops much forward momentum .
The animation punches well above its weight with properly Looney Tunes-standard sight gags , polished , highly expressive character design , and rendering so intensely computed nearly every barbule and rachis on each individual feather is visible .
The Angry Birds Movie is both the equivalent of a screaming five-year-old and a regressive piece of American propaganda .
Let 's be clear , then : The Angry Birds Movie is n't pointless because it 's based on an app . It 's pointless because it 's pointless .
A fast , fizzy and frenetically entertaining extension of the manic gaming franchise that , at its zenith , had children of all ages glued to their smartphone screens .

@highlight

The Angry Birds Movie is substantially more entertaining than any film adapted from an app has any right to be -- which may or may not be much of an endorsement .