Standard Operating Procedure seeks answers to questions that are usually purely rhetorical : Who would do such a thing to another human being ? And why would you want to photograph it ?
Morris ' manic devotion to detail ultimately does the film in .
A female face : unformed personalities the equivalent of the portrayal of naïveté by Sissy Spacek in `` Badlands . '' An improbable horror movie about metadata and its discontents .
The film 's bloody dramatizations ... suggest a fundamental distrust of the efficacy of the word over the image and a bland assumption that audiences have lost their ability to empathize .
A bore and a real pain to sit through .
Fascinating and horrifying , especially if you take a step back and view it thinking about what it tells us about the society in which these abuses took place .
Examines both the mystery of primitive human instincts and the nature and power of photography .
For American military personnel to descend to Saddam 's level was one of the worst moments in US history , and Morris 's film reveals the truth : the poisonous Abu Ghraib pictures were not merely an American scandal but a human catastrophe .
Morris 's distillation of long talks with young ex-soldiers and the female general who commanded prisons all over Iraq is among the best documentaries on the Iraq war .
Morris never gets close to the administrative attitude that apparently sanctioned , perhaps even encouraged the goings-on , despite Karpinski 's contention that ` none of this produced useful intelligence . '
Haunting photographs and video seemingly point a finger at the low-ranking indicted soldiers . Equally haunting is the notion that journalists and the public assumed they had seen everything .
A worthwhile ... meticulously reported film , splashed with -LSB- Morris ' -RSB- own , unique style .
Engaging , well-made documentary that will provoke outrage , shock and horror in equal measure .
As shocking are the prisoner treatments permitted as `` standard operating procedure '' . A disturbing , dispassionate investigation .
Standard Operating Procedure is a brilliantly , almost self-consciously , stylish film .
... at times it veers dangerously close to being just another solipsistic horror show , another magic trick in which absolution is achieved through ordinariness .
In taking us beyond the edges of those infamous photographs , he shows us a system that did more than produce a few bad apples ; it was rotten to the core .
A film of great sadness about how we humans debase ourselves ; it 's also an important reminder to never jump to conclusions from appearances
In some ways , Standard Operating Procedure is too appalling to appreciate . It 's like watching the Nuremberg Trials , Nazis purposefully passing the buck higher and higher up , fully aware that no one above a certain rank is around to take the blame .
Morris offers valuable new perspectives on Abu Ghraib , but the paying customers may not care to go there again .
Non-essential Morris . Pick any other documentary to find more interesting and colorful subjects .
Errol Morris has become the Steven Spielberg or Martin Scorsese of documentary filmmaking , with all the positives and negatives that rather facile comparison implies .
Standard Operating Procedure feels like a historical work in progress , brilliant , thought-provoking but incomplete .
As unappetizing as the subject may seem , Errol Morris ' Standard Operating Procedure exerts a hypnotic pull anyway .
Truth is a matter of perspective in director Errol Morris ' Standard Operating Procedure , a piercing look at the abuses at Abu Ghraib prison and the aftermath of their discovery .
Standard Operating Procedure catalyzes unexpected and often harrowing blends of outrage , sympathy and sorrow .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Morris examines the atrocity of Abu Ghraib and the notorious photographs which have come to signify all the tortured secrets contained within that Iraqi prison 's walls .
As powerful as selected moments in the film are , it 's not one of Morris ' better works .
Throughout the film , Morris wants to get you to consider what was going on outside the frames of the stills , especially in offices going up the chain of command , which apparently approved of torture and humiliation .
The result is a devastating film , and an important one .
Since most mainstream documentaries take a clearly leftist view of things , I liked the fact Morris was n't trying to cram his opinion down our throats .
It 's unpleasant , as it should be , but not very illuminating .
Probes deeper than any other Iraq war documentary .
Standard Operating Procedure encourages us not to judge but to try to understand . Or , barring that impossibility , it prods us like the finest documentaries to watch and listen .
Coolly intense ... If the film is only partially successful ... the goal remains important , and Morris ' commitment to it is laudable .
Morris marshals the witnesses , demonstrates that photographs are unreliable evidence , and leaves a verdict to the audience .
-LSB- This -RSB- fancy , arty , sometimes abstract inquiry -LRB- the movie stops to ponder the meaning of photography -RRB- into infamous events at the Iraqi prison feels a little flimsy next to the thorough , hard-nosed reporting of Alex Gibney 's Taxi to the Dark Side .
Each successive Morris picture seems to grow glossier and more vague , pushing further into abstraction and incessant macro-lens close-ups of ham-fisted recurring symbols . There 's also really annoying music .
tears through the facade
Morris explores the reality of Abu Ghraib with a visceral intensity that straightforward reportage could never allow .
By returning to the pictures over and over again , Morris shows the power of the photos , how the visual record became the only evidence that carried any power in the media ...
What 's epic in Morris ' still and haunting assembly of talking heads is an indictment of photography , and by extension , history .
Morris widens our understanding of the real crimes that took place there . This is where the movie becomes not just a slant on history but also a vehicle for broadening our understanding .
Reduces one of the truly horrifying controversies in American military history to an intellectual puzzle .
Director Errol Morris tackled the Iraqi prison subject -- among the mass of recent Iraq war documentaries -- because he ` was n't sure anyone else would tell it if I did n't tell it ' .
After Errol Morris ' `` Fog of War '' , I was expecting something more provocative from him -- instead , what we get is a very lengthy , often repetitive viewing of the infamous photographs of Abu Ghraib .
The best I can say about this film is that it 's important from the standpoint of having an historical record so an event like Abu Ghraib is not repeated .
Morris addresses the far more difficult question of why ... the tragic flaw within the human psyche that could allow this travesty to occur , spelling out in stark terms why such behavior is , as the title says , is standard operating procedure
Sometimes painful to watch , but a movie that must be seen .
-LSB- A film -RSB- that is likely to outrage and provoke anyone who comes into contact with it .
The singular achievement of SOP is reminding us that truth is always a slippery construct , made all the more so by the fallible human mind and the ever-blinking eye .
Focus is really the heart of Morris ' unsettling film , which strikes a remarkable balance between art and disturbance , between beauty and pain .
Relentless unpleasantness may be the most appropriate quality of this movie that disturbs in so many different ways .
If imaginative presentation is Standard Operating Procedure 's biggest fault -LRB- and it does arguably create a dispassionate tone , ill-befitting an atrocity -RRB- , it does make two hours of talking heads easier to absorb .
This film by the masterful Errol Morris gets closer to the actual events than any of them , with probing interviews of soldiers who were involved and careful scrutiny of the hundreds of photographs retrieved from three digital cameras at the prison .
Completely unlike anything I was expecting from such a film -- more disturbing , analytical and morose .
The movie 's a staggering work that traces the rotten blossom of this scandal close to its roots .
Even with an amazing filmmaker like Morris , it 's impossible to yet fully focus the photos from Abu Ghraib and truly know what happened , who was right , who was wrong , and when it will happen again .
Errol Morris ' smart new documentary remembers the Abu Ghraib pictures ' effects -- the shock , the outrage , and the anger that greeted their release .
Standard Operating Procedure begins with the terrible volumes spoken by the photos , and then , after interviewing the guilty soldiers holding the camera , it forces us to look outside the pictures ' frame to see what is obscured .
A misjudged degree of cinematic dazzle obscures the outrages at the core of Standard Operating Procedure , director Errol Morris ' first documentary since The Fog of War , and the first Iraq documentary to focus on the infamous Abu Ghraib photo
Errol Morris set out to demonstrate that the picture does n't necessarily tell the story ...
Morris does n't let these low-echelon soldiers off the hook , but he 's aware they were used to deflect attention from the system that allowed them -- in fact , encouraged or even ordered them -- to cross the line into that dark place that our leaders
Morris has certainly achieved a gloss ... but at a cost to the factual content .
Indisputably an impressive piece of documentary filmmaking . Whether that makes it a great document about what actually happened at Abu Ghraib is a separate question , and one that goes to the heart of Morris ' project as a filmmaker .
Standard Operating Procedure 's subject matter , and what it says about the war in Iraq , is eye-opening . It may be the most disturbing film you 'll see in a long time .
No matter how slick and questionably appropriate Morris 's style may be , the content is compelling .
This film does have Morris ' estimable style , grace and control . From the very first moment , as the music starts and the images of Iraq begin , we feel as if we 're being led someplace .
those hoping to see Donald Rumsfeld and Paul Wolfowitz - if not President Bush - get a cinematic racking in Standard Operating Procedure are going to be disappointed .
Morris mixes piercing sit-downs with disturbing evidence .
All I am arguing here is that Morris 's manner of relating this story is very often quite inappropriate to its substance .
At this late date there is little that is factually revelatory about his film , but as a human document of what people are capable of in wartime , it 's indispensable .
It is , predictably , a bleak , depressing movie , but if you stick around through the end credits , you may also be in for a few surprises .
Engrossing if inexcusably flashy
Standard Operation Procedure frustrates more than it enlightens , but to hear Morris tell it , that 's part of the plan . ` It 's not a movie that can provide an answer to every question % u2013 % u2013far from it ... It 's a movie that raises questions , and i
Morris holds nothing back , his recreations almost exhausting in their excruciatingly nauseous detail while the hundreds of photographs themselves are so sickening the turned my stomach to constantly rampaging oceans of intestinal Cottage Cheese .
The wounds of Abu Ghraib are still so fresh , we may not be ready to transcend them just yet .
Working from interviews with many of the key players , Morris investigates the Abu Ghraib case with all the rigor of his film The Thin Blue Line , and comes away with an equally convincing argument for miscarried justice .
Reflects the incomprehensible experience of going to war and the ease of twisting the rules as long as there 's no proof .
The most chilling thing about the film is how hard it is to completely separate yourself from those guilty U.S. soldiers . Now who in the world would want to go see that ?
You probably wo n't find a more illuminating account of what happened within the walls of Abu Ghraib .
Standard Operating Procedure never offers concrete answers ; it lets the perpetrators explain themselves straight into the camera , and we 're left to sift through the testimonies .
Standard Operating Procedure is a documentary debacle .
Morris ' method has a subliminal message -- it reminds you that he , as a filmmaker , is also manipulating this thing called ` reality . ' It 's his way of telling the viewer to never stop asking questions .
As Spc. Jeremy Sivitz puts it with great understatement , ` When you 're in war , things change . ' Morris forces us to ask ourselves what we would have done in their position , whether or not we like the answer .
Since The Thin Blue Line 's remarkable intervention , Morris 's work has grown more public and more problematic -- lofty yet snide , a form of know-it-all epistemological inquiry .
A gorgeous and harrowing film made by a master craftsman at the top of his game that probably wo n't hold much interest ... light entertainment , this is not .
Errol Morris is the best documentary filmmaker currently working , maybe the best ever .
See Standard Operating Procedure for its riveting narrative , for the way it keeps looping back -- to the swirls of Danny Elfman 's night music -- to the basement of Abu Ghraib .
A semiotics-tinged investigation into the nature of images themselves : how the contents , arrangement , and manipulation of the frame all affect interpretation and help define meaning .
Morris 's signature touches can occasionally seem studied to the point of annoyance but the cumulative power of his busy , artsy style generally enhances the horror , making it no more palatable than necessary .
His assembly of the material and the protagonists is impressive , but you are left to wonder about his ultimate aim and point of view .
Quite unforgettable . Thorough in its investigation , complex in its analysis , and humane in its outcry , it is hard to imagine any documentary of more importance being released this year .
The lack of a clear narrative arc causes the film to seem repetitive .
Though the humiliating treatment of prisoners at Abu Ghraib has been shown before , Errol Morris creatively uses re-enactments and animation to hammer home his points .
With his trademark use of slow-motion images and direct-to-camera interviews , Errol Morris spells out the extent of one of the biggest cover-ups in modern U.S. history .
It seems like Morris ... misses the bigger picture .
Adds relatively little insight to the public understanding of wayward military behavior .






@highlight

Well researched and finely crafted , Standard Operating Procedure is another gem from master documentarian Errol Morris .