... the British comedy Four Lions will fascinate you ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Capable of being boisterously funny , but it 's a movie not designed to be loved easily , or by most people .
It is like the old joke about a dog that walks on its hind legs . It does n't matter that it 's not done perfectly ; it 's just a wonder that it 's done at all .
Home-grown jihadists as wankers . How very British .
... A welcome antidote to cultural hysteria .
Writer-director Chris Morris walks that razor-fine line separating comedy and tragedy by mocking terrorists without mocking the horrors of terrorism itself .
Four Lions does n't always reach satirical perfection , but it comes fairly close .
-LSB- It is -RSB- a biting , laugh-out-loud funny satire that dares to poke fun at Jihadi terrorists and one of the blackest , funniest comedies in recent memory .
Four Lions is merciless in its mission to find humor where few would dare seek it .
The comedy is as black as can be , both silly and sharp ... It just does n't quite succeed in its Dr. Strangelove-inspired goal .
Is it insensitive ? Jaw-droppingly so . But it 's also tremendously funny , and after years of achingly serious movies about the War on Terror , it ca n't help but feel cathartic to unleash a few belly laughs at the whole mess .
The amount of edge to this edgy comedy and Morris 's chutzpah for demanding that the film 's tone and its uneasy ending remain intact throughout the film 's financing .
If the things we fear most are the best fodder for black comedy -LRB- think Dr. Strangelove -RRB- then Four Lions , a veritable Three Stooges-esque comedy about Westernized jihadis , is on fertile soil indeed .
Chris Morris 's jet-black farce maintains a queasy balance between character-based comedy and incisive political commentary for its entire running time .
-LSB- Morris 's -RSB- new comedy has a provocative , ticklish premise -- five North England Muslims become suicide bombers , but ca n't decide who or what to take with them .
It 's difficult to imagine a movie this boldly provocative about the underworld of violent jihad , much less one that actually inspires laughter .
The overall result is decidedly uneven : there 's most certainly something for everyone but the lack of an overarching vision is readily apparent .
The first feature , written and directed by satirist Chris Morris , may seem profane to some , but if you 're doomed by watching it , at least you 'll go down laughing .
A dark farce sitting somewhere between `` Dr. Strangelove '' and `` Duck Soup . '' It will blow you away .
There are definitely some laughs in this film . But more often than not the film is an unfunny attempt to examine mindless extremism using humor .
The film left me with a slightly empty feeling that all Morris has accomplished is getting me to split my sides in the face of something wholly terrifying , and that 's OK - even necessary - for now .
The film wisely does n't try to explore the roots of religious fanaticism and how it can manifest as murder : Instead , it simply accepts the world as it is and focuses on the ridiculous .
If you can appreciate farce through annihilation and death a la Stanley Kubrick 's ` Dr. Strangelove or : How I Stopped Worrying and Love the Bomb ' or Kurt Vonnegut 's ` Slaughterhouse 5 , ' then ` Four Lions ' is probably a very good movie for you
A comedy -LRB- ! -RRB- about inept suicide bombers
It proves that everthing is a laughing matter . Think of this as a Condition Orange comedy .
Four Lions is more interesting than riotous . Consider it an example - a well-paced , clever and understated compassionate example - of a filmmaker wrestling with fear .
Not my cup of tea .
Really , these guys are just knuckleheads . And the movie is full of outrageous laughs .
Once you get over the initial novelty , you 're left with a movie that alternates between lame sitcom-style gags and muddled social commentary .
Parts of the film are very funny and parts are misfires . But even on the misfires one almost feels one should laugh just to support the very idea of the film .
Relating Four Lions to the brilliant Dr. Strangelove -LRB- 1964 -RRB- -- as some have -- is like relating a firecracker to a nuclear weapon . And the firecracker sometimes does n't even go off .
It offers a hilarious , pitch black comedy that suggests we can never protect ourselves from stupidity and incompetence .
Morris ' plan seems to be to make an irresistible farce at the intersection where Christopher Hitchens ' God Is Not Great meets the Three Stooges .
An absurdist satire that 's smart enough to follow its deluded losers all the way to the bloody end .
A rude , edgy , rough indie comedy - hilariously funny until near the end , when reality begins to destroy the characters ' slapstick universe .
Might this not have worked better , and conjured more startled outrage , as a mock documentary on TV ?
I think it 's appalling in all the right ways . While its lingering aftertaste of ashes in the mouth is unmistakable , I 'd argue that the subject warrants it .
The very existence of Four Lions is an act of audacity ; the fact that it 's also smart , humane , and frequently hilarious is nothing short of a miracle .
One of the funniest movies of the year .
Brassy burlesque careens between droll humor and slapstick stunts until it implodes upon itself during a prolonged and extremely uncomfortable climax .
It manages to tiptoe through the minefield -- almost a literal one -- that it lays out for itself , thriving on a back-and-forth momentum that skitters from worrisome turns of events to ludicrous outbursts and outcomes .
`` Four Lions '' is a daring , brilliantly conceptualized film , but like the bumbling bombers of the title , the execution tends to be hit-and-miss .
The comedy divides cleanly into dark , violent slapstick -LRB- much of it hilarious -RRB- and more routine gags highlighting the fanatical characters ' foolishness and incompetence .
It 's an exceedingly dark comedy , a wicked satire , a thriller where the thrills center on the incompetence of the villains . It 's fueled by both merriment and anger .
What 's surprising about the film -- apart from the fact that it 's funny and that anyone would dare make it -- is that it 's willing to follow this group all the way .
Brilliant , risky , controversial stuff anchored by great characters whose ignorance only reminds that you sure do n't have to be a genius to blow yourself up .
These guys are not charming ; they 're horrifying in their ignorance , and they cause real damage . But there 's a weird relief to be found in the opportunity to laugh ourselves sick at their expense , if only for an instant .
Brilliantly incendiary .
It 's truly an incredible piece of work , and something that needs to been seen , and actually feels essential . It 's truly , for better or worse , a film of our times .
Terrorism is a fact of modern life . There is n't a lot we can do about it , so we may as well laugh about it .
Brilliantly funny ; one of best comedies of the year .
The jihadis ' absurdity is rooted in real life , but Morris does n't trivialize the danger they represent .
While it is n't entirely successful beginning to end , the film has just enough on its mind and offers up more than enough laughs to make up for its shortcomings .
A comedy of errors and terrors ? Who woulda thunk it ?
The funniest gags are simultaneously the most awful , the kind you feel bad laughing at but you just ca n't stop .
Impending doom is rarely this much fun to watch .
Chris Morris has indeed made a broad heartwarming comedy about five bumbling jihadists living in London , suicide bombers just waiting on their call to service . And it is painfully funny .
I 'd say `` Four Lions '' is intended to be , not a jihad satire , but a satire of the idea of a jihad satire , of the belief that humor of even the edgiest variety can effectively be troweled on to any topic to make it accessible , to humanize or defang it .
Four Lions is full of funny and fearless humor that , like its protagonists , takes no prisoners . It 's also the best movie of the year thus far .
Four Lions is n't just the funniest movie of the year-it 's also one of the smartest .
Amid all the laughs in Four Lions , there 's plenty to think about , particularly since Morris keeps the film grounded in well-researched reality , stocked with characters who are built from real-world examples .
The director , Chris Morris , has been successfully making TV and radio comedies for 20 years . But he falters in this , his first feature . He 's taken what might make a funny sketch and forced it to run more than an hour and a half .
The movie falters with an inconsistent tone .
You laugh until the laughter turns to ashes in your mouth . And then you laugh some more .
Morris and his writers-four of them in this film as well -- like to torture logic with absurdist dialogue , and some of their gang 's escapades are amusing rather than laughable . Yet `` Four Lions '' lacks a moral base .
This ` jihad of the mind ' may be close to plausibility , but protagonists and film self-destruct . In jumpy unnecessary close-up , the ` Four Lions ' gang merely staggers from one pratfall to another .
It 's not your usual comedic fodder , but the director and co-writer 's extensive research and profound intellect elevate the film above mere farce .
An ambitious , uneven new farce that dares to mock the motives and personalities of four suicide bombers who plan to attack the London Marathon .
When it works -- and it does n't half the time -- it 's as if Monty Python were back , putting its merrily imbecilic stamp on the dark world of terrorism .
A brazenly comic , fatally inconsistent romp that tries to destroy radical fundamentalism with ridicule .
will be remembered less for its politics than its general bravado
There 's a weird Muppet Show vibe to the task that involves sublime reaction shots and actual casualty , capturing an extraordinary tone of absurdity that gives the film a special wink .
Morris shows how the familiar elements of organization dysfunction -- gross incompetence , petty rivalry , etc. -- afflict even jihadists .
There 's something strangely humanizing and even faintly humanistic about the film 's depiction of would-be holy warriors who wrestle with the same anxieties , fears , and hopes as the rest of us .
Like a mix of the Three Stooges and Abbott and Costello ... This ultra-dark British comedy is a blend of slapstick and smart bad-taste humor . This ultra-dark British comedy
Pitch black comedy laughs in the face of fear and compassion simultaneously .
I admire anyone for having the nerve to try something like this , and I especially admire Morris for pulling it off in such a breathtakingly funny way .
Whatever the flaws of Four Lions may be , the movie neither coasts on multicultural smugness masquerading as openness -LRB- of the `` They have their reasons '' variety -RRB- , nor does it reach for any cheap philosophical answers .
Four Lions is well acted , and the dialogue is howlingly funny .
Though Chris Morris 's very funny movie revolves around a cell of hapless would-be terrorists , its chief concerns , and strengths , have little to do with ideology-and everything to do with comedy .
` Four Lions ' truly is one of the best and most original comedies of the year .
Four Lions would like to be scandalous ; the best it can manage is being intermittently amusing .
... unfortunately , director Chris Morris 's film is far less incendiary than it thinks it is . `` Four Lions '' plays like The Three Stooges plus one .
Funny , smart and original , Four Lions has a lot to say without ever hitting you over the head or standing on a soapbox .
In Four Lions , five complete morons keystone kop their way toward terrorism and their 72 virgins ...
A provocative gem that does n't glorify terrorism as much as it does smart , courageous filmmaking .
Four Lions is about as funny and ferocious as films come . Never before has the phrase ` You 'll laugh ; you 'll cry ! ' seemed like such a genuine , ominous threat . Chris Morris ' confronting satire is not for the faint-hearted .
The murderous schemes of laughably fallible humans , the film suggests , are no less tragic for being absurd .
The film is tasteless and offensive . It will be especially offensive to jihadists . It is also very funny .
It 's howlingly funny in parts ; sad in others . It does get real . And , in its own way , shows the lunacy of jihad .
This one goes out to anybody who likes their comedy , dangerous , thought-provoking and , above all else , funny .
A film you expect to be funny given the comedic talent attached , but surprisingly it is also strangely moving as well .
A bitter , brilliant take on a world that is both ludicrous and nightmarish .
More than anything , the film works as a conceptual prank , a parody of the supposedly universal cliches of `` humanist '' cinema .
An appealing mix of witticisms , pitch-black social commentary and dimwit farce .
I think Chris Morris is a bit too clever for me . I did n't find this film funny at all , except for a couple of moments .
At its best , the film is very serious because it asks us to think about how such men are created . It 's not uniformly successful , but it 's far from being just silly or offensive .
Be warned : this is the blackest comedy you 'll see all year . Some may find it in bad taste . Then again , if there is one thing that fanaticism hates it 's the sound of laughter .
While tackling politically sensitive subject manner , this daring satire manages to offer both hilarity and poignancy .
The film has mined a treasure trove of stupidity in the Jihad as waged by men who are committee . Or rather , who should be committed , on the grounds of inanity
From the ludicrous to the tragic , Four Lions is a bit of a hit and miss affair , churning jihadism through the mincer of satire . When it scores a hit , it 's very funny ; when it flops , it just fizzles
One could compare this to SOUTH PARK , but at the risk of hyperbole , this may also be the War on Terror 's very own DR. STRANGELOVE
At the heart of Four Lions is the idea that we should perceive fanatics as humans , rather than demons . There is much to be said for this ...
Dodgy subject matter aside , Four Lions is hit and miss .
A thing of such valour that it ought to be required viewing for the naturally timid , the politically cowardly , the ethically unquesting , the morally shallow , and as a bit of a tonic for people who are too certain of what they already think .
Treating a taboo topic with broad comedy is dangerous business , as it risks trivialising something serious while offending rather a lot of people . Fortunately , these filmmakers are smart enough to get away with it .
A dark comedy about Muslim suicide bombers was always going to be a contentious endeavour , but in the qualified hands of satirist Chris Morris it proves bewilderingly effective .
Morris has created a film so relevant to our current political climate that many will feel guilty just for watching it .
You may have qualms and reservations about Four Lions but it will make you laugh and it might even make you shed a tear . It is comedy without a safety net . A comedy of terrors .
A howl of funny and frightening fury that takes aim at the idiocy of Jihadists while never letting us forget their lethal potential .
In the end , Morris 's attempts to explore the boundaries of humour is exploded by a lethal combination of furtive political correctness and transparently terrible taste .
The film 's attempts to not just humanise but to make us like the bombers undermines the comedy .
Not as funny or as controversial as many would have expected , but there are still many moments of Chris Morris genius here that will have you thinking about it for a long time after the credits end .
Some may feel that the subject matter should be off-limits to comedians , but there 's nothing new about cinema mocking a dangerous enemy -- just look at Charlie Chaplin 's classic The Great Dictator .
Guaranteed to offend a lot of folks across the political and belief spectrum , but consistently funny and horribly to the point .
Some scenes are hilarious ; some are too loopy or uncomfortable to provoke laughs ; all strive to achieve something genuinely unusual and essentially true .
Cutting satire is expected with Morris , but it 's the heart that 's the biggest surprise here .
Does making jihadists seem semi-lovable twerps do anything , ultimately , but trivialise the conflict ? Perhaps if the film were funnier , we would n't look for reasons why comedy and global cataclysm seem a less than perfect match .
When Four Lions premiered at a festival in January , some reviewers complained that the mix of laughs and atrocities made them feel uneasy . Way to miss the point , chumpos .
Morris is not only demystifying the eponymous boogeyman , he 's poking sticks at it , and laughing all the way .
Brilliantly written , superbly acted and frequently hilarious , this is a hugely enjoyable , jet-black comedy that gets a surprising amount of comic mileage out of its supposedly taboo subject matter .
Further proof that the Brits nail `` topical '' comedy earlier and better than anyone . A true original -- and FUNNY .
Chris Morris is still the most incendiary figure working in the British entertainment industry .
Gradually , the madcap farcical tone of `` Four Lions '' gives way to something darker , as it becomes clear that Morris intends to follow his characters ' pathological aims and motivations right to the end of the road .
A delirious satire of British jihadists .
An audacious premise gets dangerously unstable execution in Four Lions .
Daring and potentially offensive , this hilarious satire may be too biting for its own good .
Both laugh-out-loud funny and as serious as a bullet through your artery .


@highlight

Its premise suggests brazenly tasteless humor , but Four Lions is actually a smart , pitch-black comedy that carries the unmistakable ring of truth .