However , surprisingly , when it seems that you are doomed to an insufferable comedy with tone and plot of moral fable , it improves . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Full of paradoxes , with no ideas . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Listen , I was n't aware of any online petitions demanding a remake Overboard .
Overboard got me to invest in its central pairing , and benefits from a Latin flavour that goes beyond Derbez , but the overall experience is ultimately pretty forgettable .
There 's also something faintly depressing about a film - even a romantic comedy - that pays generous lip service to the idea that there is dignity in hard work and poverty before coming to the enthusiastic conclusion that it 's much better being rich .
Playing the straight woman , Faris never gets to showcase her comic talents : she would have been wiser to have jumped ship on this stale reboot a while back .
The relationship prospects are about as seaworthy as the Titanic .
To make matters worse , the chemistry between Faris and Derbez is non-existent and makes you yearn , in a way you never thought possible , for the glory days of Hawn and Russell .
-LSB- Faris -RSB- could be a big star with the right material , perhaps something with more seriousness and pathos . Overboard is n't it .
Credibility is definitely strained but the gender switch and the Mexican characters freshen it up with Leonardo delivering many lines in subtitled Spanish .
Aptly , for a film about an amnesiac , you 'll forget it the moment you leave the cinema .
Manages to feel far more dated , regressive and stale than the film it 's based on ...
Overboard ekes out laughs but fails to add the romance to the comedy . We 'd leave this one in the water .
The storytelling becomes increasingly sanctimonious as Leo turns into the perfect blue collar new man .
If Faris and Derbez have negligible chemistry , they are such comedy pros that it somehow works .
I enjoyed this subversion of traditional gender roles ... but it 's all a bit much and sadly does n't feel natural at times .
It 's a so-so , unnecessary remake .
Overboard does n't make you laugh ; it 's forced and boring ... -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Nothing will top the chemistry of Kurt Russell and Goldie Hawn , but Anna Faris and Eugenio Derbez did a wonderful job of creating a sweet and thoughtful romance .
Overall , Overboard is a shameful remake . It seems to be made for television and exploitative -LRB- in a bad way -RRB- of the talents of Eugenio Derbez . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
The movie is passably mediocre , and at least it 's one remake that does n't desecrate the original - which was hardly a classic in the first place .
Charming and harmless , except for the gaping hole where its two leads ' romantic attraction is meant to be .
In the end -LSB- Overboard -RSB- does not escape convention . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's mildly entertaining while also masking criminal deceptions as romantic foreplay . Yet this remake has little of the real-life sizzle that Hawn and Russell added to the story .
Director Rob Greenberg 's silver screen debut is ambitious in representation but gets lost at sea in its attempt to revive an already questionable classic .
A charming but forgettable reboot ... As a movie , Overboard delivers . As Anna Faris 's return to the multiplex , however , it ca n't help but disappoint .
The 1987 ` Overboard ' was a mediocre movie with a charismatic actress that gave it some interest . This mediocre remake is slow , boringly predictable , and does n't work without the magnetism that Goldie Hawn provided .
Anna Faris and Mexico 's biggest star Eugenio Derbez step into Goldie and Kurt 's shoes - but they ca n't keep this gender-reversed reboot from sinking like stone .
Hollywood 's push for diversity led to this insipid remake , leaving viewers over-bored .
It 's not a perfect movie by any means , but as far as studio romcoms go , it 's a pleasant surprise , and better than it really has any right to be . The role reversal is a gambit that 's paid off , as is the careful attention to character and class .
Suffice it to say , you 'd be safer to leave this one floating without a life jacket and just renting the '87 one again .
Lazy , stupid , and unfunny , this gender-swapped remake of the 1980s screwball comedy seems to have been made without anyone caring at all . Worse , it manages to be insulting to both the characters and the audience .
When I see a comedy that has some heart , I 'll receive it warmly . I can see myself watching this again .
I got a movie that I ended up rooting for , surprisingly .
There are movies that deserve remakes , even movies that need remakes , but with Overboard , too often you 're just left asking , `` Why ? ''
Let 's be real . That premise is so jacked up it 's insane that Hollywood would bank on a remake .
This mediocre feature-length sitcom is just another unnecessary remake of a movie that was n't particularly good in the first place .
The cheap-looking remake ... is more palatable but sluggish ... . Faris and Derbez have no chemistry together - not comedically , not romantically , barely even biologically .
Surprisingly effective , for an unnecessary , beat-for-beat , gender-flipped remake of a beloved comedy from 30 years ago
Overboard demonstrates that not every idea deserves an encore . If the gender switch fostered some curiosity , the result is a comedy that -- even without amnesia -- would better be forgotten .
There is nothing worse than to sit through what purports to be a comedy and never have a reason to engage your laugh reflex .
A wholly adequate spin on the dying romantic-comedy genre , and both Faris and Derbez come out looking like champs .
A reboot amalgam that shares some of the original 's charms and shortcomings , with a trendy ethnic twist that oddly enough works .
An unwatchable mess .
I 'll throw Overboard a bone with some credit for at least trying to put a twist on the original ... but you wish that it perhaps twisted a little bit more .
To be filed under `` not great but more charming than anyone might expect . ''
It 's not so much bad in a nails down the chalkboard fashion , but instead simply feels lame and flat throughout . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Profanity , Nudity , etc. - also Available -RRB-
Stupid comedies are often among the funniest , but Overboard is just painful and mean .
`` Overboard '' is strictly Derbez ' show , and he 's as subtle as a cartoon .
Hollywood keeps fobbing no-joke ideas nobody else will go for off on Derbez , like he 's some rube fresh off the boat .
This `` Overboard '' feels slapped together and ill-considered , content to play as mildly as possible , prepackaged for a long life of cable repetition .
Overboard is the romantic comedy we need this year . While the premise is outrageous , at its heart it shows how compassion can unite different communities . Whether separated by money , language , status or anything else , we can all love and laugh together .
This clumsy remake is Reason No. 1 why some 1980s relics should remain locked in the vault along with Aqua-Net hairspray and Lee Press On Nails .
All of this is a shame , because Eugenio Derbez is exceptionally well cast as a scoundrel who becomes a decent human being .
Make no mistake , the star of the film is Eugenio Derbez .
The story is overly complicated , and at almost two hours long , it 's far too drawn out , but the filmmakers do a good job of creating a semblance of an emotional throughline .
As more ethical lines are crossed , and the felonies being committed during the ruse multiply , `` Overboard '' seems more twisted than funny .
Without Goldie Hawn and Kurt Russell and their effervescent chemistry , all you 've got is a screwball comedy about kidnapping , made even more complicated by adding racial dynamics into the mix .
Writers and directors Bob Fisher and Rob Greenberg do n't do anything particularly clever or inspired , but they display a knack for snappy dialogue and draw solid work from the cast .
Abandon ship .
Hollywood is n't just churning out crummy remakes of great films anymore - now it 's doing awful remakes of mediocre films .
The new paint job is nice , but the insides may be too creaky to salvage .
Overboard lists and wanders through the shoals of secondhand comedy and eventually , just drifts away .
Overboard is a decent-to-great model for a rom-com renaissance , the kind of film that sends one out on a high note great enough to blur many of the blemishes that have come before .
Out of these conceptual lemons , the new Overboard makes an improbably decent batch of lemonade , albeit one with an extra scoop of sugar .
Like the original , the new version is a snarky situational farce that evolves into a cheese-dog fable of home and hearth , and the role reversal lets it feel halfway fresh .
Film does a surprisingly good job handling the campy tone and updating the original to a culture-clash comedy , but Eugenio Derbez just ca n't act well enough -LRB- at least not in English -RRB- to carry it .
As different as it would like to declare itself to be because of the gender switch , there is n't much to the Overboard remake that warrants a second shot on the big screen .
Ultimately pointless , Overboard makes you wonder why it exists at all when it offers neither a fresh angle into modern-day relationships nor an improvement upon its predecessor .
A harmless mediocrity is still a mediocrity .
Nearly-dead comedy gets some CPR halfway through .
All of the broad physical humor in the world ca n't distract from the fact that the film is an endorsement of psychological exploitation .
At its very occasional best , `` Overboard '' rises to the level of a decent telenovela parody .
The lack of chemistry between the leads adds Overboard to the list of remakes that will not outdo the legacy of the original . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
None of the proceedings are sidesplittingly funny , but they grow increasingly sweet-natured .
The movie takes too long to get moving , stays a tad too long , and efforts to retrofit the movie as a vehicle for Derbez come at the expense of Faris , a talented comedian who has very little to do here .

@highlight

Overboard makes poor use of the ever-charming Anna Faris -- and chooses questionable source material -- to offer a remake that fails to clear the fairly low bar set by the original .