Abuse of Weakness is a fascinating , nicely restrained look at what in retrospect was a parasitic relationship .
Abuse of Weakness is ultimately to watch how someone so desperately in need can be preyed upon no matter their own intelligence , wealth , or stature .
Huppert 's performance in this film is outstanding . She 's so convincing that I thought maybe she actually did suffer a stroke . She covers a range of emotions from laughter to rage in this film .
`` Abuse of Weakness '' is 20 minutes of a great movie and another 85 minutes of nothing much .
Shot with clean , spare simplicity by the Dardennes ' regular DP Alain Marcoen , this is a very simple work , almost prosaically so at times-as if Breillat wanted to purge the film of anything that was n't strictly to the point .
With clinical dispassion and narrative elegance , Breillat has constructed what she calls `` a thriller about denial . ''
The film 's title refers to the French legal term for taking advantage of a person of diminished capacity . The story , though , suggests other interpretations .
As a portrait of what it 's like to be suddenly helpless , Abuse Of Weakness is never less than fascinating ...
This examination of power , greed , emotional manipulation and simple need is gripping and powerful to behold even if you do n't know the story behind the story .
-LSB- A -RSB- chilly , dark portrait of two control freaks locking horns .
Huppert 's performance single-handedly preserves interest in Abuse of Weakness , elevating the picture 's askew mystery with a valuable sense of determination and , at times , despair .
Breillat 's self-conscious refusal to establish a realistic basis for this deeply mismatched relationship winds up weakening the film irreparably .
A cautionary tale depicting a shocking example of man 's inhumanity to -LRB- wo -RRB- man .
The plot , though never less than engaging , occasionally tests believability - until you remember it 's drawn from Breillat 's life .
Abuse Of Weakness is the director 's attempt to account for actions that seem inexplicable , and make the audience understand and sympathize in kind .
Breillat 's impressive film is a study of bodies and how we carry them , and it explores the manner in which weakness seeks out strength on an almost primal level , bypassing the higher modes of human thought .
It 's hard to imagine an actress other than Huppert so artfully layering frailty and toughness , self-delusion and self-awareness , and her complex portrayal is an irresistible foil to Kool Shen 's blank expressions and wounded swagger .
The entire film has an underlying S&M theme that is more potent than Maud 's final interpretation of her own behavior .
Somehow both a fiery work of conviction and an insecure , open-ended question
The title of the film may be `` Abuse of Weakness , '' but Isabelle Huppert 's performance as a filmmaker who suffers a stroke and then gets willingly conned by an ex-con is nothing but strong and steely-nerved .
Thought-provoking this may be , regrettably Abuse of Weakness is a somewhat forgettable film , deviating away from one of the most fascinating aspects of all ; the movie she wants to produce .
With her customary genius for baring a character 's soul while guarding some private place at her core , Huppert plays Maud 's cards close to the vest .
Catherine Breillat 's scripting of Maud as fatally distant from her family , willfully independent , but more believably abandoned , is haunting .
The physical demands of the role offer a new opportunity for Huppert , who is otherwise on automatic pilot , aloof and disdainful .
The message in Catherine Breillat 's Abuse of Weakness is about the incomprehensibility of the self . It 's an autobiographical purging .
This is a considered , unsentimental attempt to understand the filmmaker 's seemingly inexplicable entanglement with a convicted con man .
It 's as if Breillat is determined to make the same mistakes all over again , botching her own would be exorcism .
The movie is interesting to think about as another of the Anatomy Of Hell director 's power-struggle portraits , even if its conceit-by design-leaves the question of how the filmmaker allowed a known operator to bilk her out of so much money unresolved .
Like in all of the director 's work , psychologically reductive readings of the characters are absent , though intriguing performances give audiences a way into the material .
If making Abuse of Weakness was a necessary step in Catherine Breillat 's recovery , then it surely ranks as one of the most important-if not the most important-projects of her career .
Catherine Breillat 's films have always been autobiographical , often painfully so , and yet `` Abuse of Weakness '' cuts even closer to the marrow than the rest .

@highlight

Abuse of Weakness ' fact-based plot proves that truth can be stranger than fiction -- and provide grist for compelling character studies .