It was n't ground-breaking comedy but I enjoyed it .
Bad Teacher tries . There are many legitimately funny people -LRB- Jason Segel , Thomas Lennon , Lucy Punch -RRB- attempting to be funny in the orbit of Cameron Diaz .
Nice try , but Bad Teacher barely scrapes a pass .
Tries too hard , and seems inanely pleased with its own not very dirty jokes .
-LSB- S -RSB- ucceeds due to the sheer determination of its towering lead performance ... Diaz and her supporting cast routinely spin gold out of innocuous moments with blunt force dialogue delivery and physical determination .
A raunchy unpleasant comedy that wastes its talented cast .
Cameron Diaz eats the screen up in Bad Teacher but ca n't withstand the enormously dim-witted script .
A raunchy comedy that promises , from its title to its casting , a `` Bad Santa '' riff on a sacred institution ... But they do n't deliver .
Crass , charmless and not especially funny , Bad Teacher is like a school kid trying to be cool .
In the end , despite how thinly-plotted the film is , there are several laughs to be had , and that goes a long way .
Bad Teacher does n't quite get an F . But an acceptable C + is pretty fair .
Kadan 's direction is adequate with everything competently done , but there 's nothing here that manages to make you laugh out loud . Could someone tell the current crop of Hollywood filmmakers to find some new jokes ?
The problem is n't that Diaz 's character is such a mean-spirited person , it 's that her motives for being that way are completely contrived.It might have been a good short film , but that 's about it .
ena biastiko kai xiliopathmeno trabhgmeno sxoini kwmikoy romantzoy , panw sto opoio prepei na balei prwtagwnistria kai yposthriktikoys ermhneytes na kanoyn akrobatika gia na gemisei h eytyxws syntomh diarkeia toy panhgyrioy toy
Gross-out comedy big on cheap laughs , short on depth
The story is predictably thin and the jokes suitably unsophisticated , but the clever characterisations help this paint-by-numbers comedy limp over the line to `` watchable '' .
Weirdly ill-conceived . Diaz is good and very believable as ... the most dislikable character I 've encountered in a film in a long time ... -LSB- which -RSB- makes for a lousy movie .
The only way to understand this movie 's argument about performance pay is to imagine Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker watching it .
She 's not somewhat bad , she 's not repentantly bad and she 's certainly not sympathetically bad . Nope , she 's just plain ol' bad . And that is a thing of rare beauty .
... more interesting -LRB- albeit disheartening -RRB- for what it seems to say about public-school teachers ...
This is too easy , but I 'm going to do it anyway : Bad Teacher ? Bad movie .
Somehow , surprisingly , without things ever turning schmaltzy , we end up caring about this selfish , foul-mouthed teacher , even if it 's just a smidgen . And in hindsight , that 's a pretty impressive feat .
While a few of Diaz 's scenes with Timberlake and his gift for the deadpan seem as if they 're going to amount to something , the script 's dialogue fails them .
Falls down is in its flippant approach to an idea that does n't have any traction beyond a TV skit , about a morally bankrupt teacher in high heels trying to pay her way to a boob job
Diaz manages to make Bad Teacher much more enjoyable than its mediocre script deserves
Ultimately , Bad Teacher is easy to like precisely because it does n't try very hard to be liked .
Completely unfunny and utterly unpleasant .
I was wary going in , as I tend to be whenever a Hollywood movie announces through its advertising how `` outrageous '' it 's going to be . The only outrageous thing about Bad Teacher is that director Jake Kasdan and two writers who earned an ...
Attitude divorced from any insight or even coherence , mere posturing at best .
The one element of Bad Teacher that 's consistently strong throughout is Diaz 's ferocious star turn .
Has every opportunity to turn mawkish but stays pitch black instead .
... a failure of dishearteningly monumental proportions ...
And you thought Santa was bad .
Its trash-can humor is tasteless , no doubt , but hey , that does n't make it unpalatable .
Would ` Bridesmaids ' have worked if audiences had been asked to sympathize with a meaner version of Rose Byrne and root against Kristen Wiig ?
Joins the depressingly long list of movies that are simply hard to get worked up about one way or the other .
If its master plot is utterly predictable , the way it unfolds is unapologetically cartoony and weird .
Both Bad Santa and the Bad Lieutenants -LRB- Keitel and Cage -RRB- were really bad , but they were entertaining . Cameron Diaz 's Bad Teacher , Elizabeth , is neither .
This is a case of a movie not being `` bad '' enough to be good .
Provided you 're in the mood for salacious fare , this titillating teensploit does deliver the requisite number of raunchy rib ticklers to be worth the investment for the testosterone-driven demographic .
A great supporting cast is n't enough since Diaz and Timberlake just are n't funny .
If you can see past the dismal sexual politics of `` Bad Teacher , '' which I could n't , you might applaud the gall of a film that expends so little effort in forcing us to like its central character .
Bad Teacher should be held back for bad comedy . It 's the kind of movie that after the first ten minutes , one decides whether to leave or stay hoping for one or two chuckles that might come .
Sure , Diaz ' character does n't undergo some clichéd redemption , but she does n't evolve in any other way , either .
Somehow we are supposed to feel sympathy for this wreck of a woman .
Kasdan and company miss the opportunity to connect Elizabeth 's venality to the greed and materialism that her pop consumer students absorb daily .
Because the plot is thin and preposterous , the success of `` Bad Teacher '' depends on the performances of the cast . This is where things get ugly .
A frustrating mix of smart flash and smirking impudence .
Bad Teacher gets a shiny new apple thanks to a raunchy turn by Diaz
Never fully clicks because the anti-hero protagonist never really becomes a sympathetic figure even when she sort of redeems herself .
-LSB- Even -RSB- if I ca n't give it a gold star the two and a half I 'm slipping it is still enough to be considered a passing grade .
While there are problems with ... a failure to maintain a consistent tone , Diaz is never less than exhilarating in a guilty pleasure way , even when hunched over her desk with an expression of glazed , disheveled contempt . Actually , especially then .
Foul - and not even funny .
It 's no Bad Santa , but Bad Teacher brings just enough naughty behavior to the table to make it a decent watch for viewers tired of PG-13 timidity .
-LSB- The -RSB- film asks us to identify with a woman who behaves rather heinously , while it relies on her mean-spiritedly outrageous behavior to sustain all 92 minutes .
... more a succession of increasingly salacious sketches , most capped by Diaz dropping the f-bomb . Indeed , Diaz may establish some kind of record for onscreen profanity by an actress .
Hard to root for such a selfish lead , but `` Bad Teacher '' has just enough politically incorrect humor to warrant a grade of B .
When it hits , like a hysterically raunchy dry humping scene , Bad Teacher is a funny overachiever , though with a bit more effort it could 've have won gold stars .
If you 're looking for a funny comedy about a cynical , hard-partying school teacher transformed by his students into a paragon of pedagogical awesomeness , skip Bad Teacher and go rent School of Rock instead .
It 's a great idea , however the execution 's not very impressive .
Once again , the Judd Apatow-influenced school of witless comedy reinforces that we should bust a gut laughing at virtually the lowest of low humor . This is funny ? No .
Even though the picture is far from perfect , I was never less than amused . The terrific cast and some individual bits of comedy were enough to keep me invested .
This is the type of story that would prompt a teacher to demand better character development , a stronger conflict and a bigger climax . If I had to give it a grade ? A shaky C , and that is being generous .
It feels like Bad Teacher is crossing a line , and not just by a toe but hurdling all the way across . Good for everybody involved .
Without more consistent laughs , the satire curdles on contact , removing the whole point of the character 's bad behavior in the first place .
There are plenty of quality gags seeping through from the margins .
I 've always liked Cameron Diaz , who brings a spark to every part she plays , but she 's only as good as her material , and Bad Teacher is bad news for her and her fans . I was wary going in , as I tend to be whenever a Hollywood movie announces through its ...
Diaz lets her wardrobe and bad attitude do the work for her , but she 's left high and dry at the end of the film when it abruptly tries to redeem Elizabeth 's bad behavior .
Has its lewd funniness , though not often enough to make it worthy of not only Bad Santa but , more to the point , School of Rock .
Everyone loves an anti-hero , but usually there 's something redeeming about the character that makes you want to root for them in the end . Not so much in Bad Teacher .
The best lines were harvested for the trailer -- so if you 've seen that , you 've seen it all .
Diaz , always a deft comic , makes the most as this potty-mouthed party girl whose age is bearing down on her .
Shame the flick 's just a one-note joke because , sight unseen , Bad Teacher had me at the title .
Raunchy Diaz , Timberlake comedy aims low , misses the target .
A comedy that wants us to cheer for a nasty and self-absorbed teacher who breaks all the rules .
Although you should be prepared for its raunchiness , it starts off as brightly as Matilda on steroids .
You 'll be hot for Hot Teacher
The film is fast and often funny . And while it 's not for children - really - I bet the adults who just spent a school year with them are going to love it .
Yes , the plot is lacking but it is the lack of any socially redeeming qualities makes Cameron Diaz Bad Teacher as seductive to us as she is to Diaz .
Bad Teacher is , for the most part , pretty good .
Cameron Diaz is now officially on my roster of Hot Talented Actresses Who Should Stop Being in Romantic Comedies So Much .
There are just enough laughs in this movie to almost make you forget that there 's very little supporting them .
Has no appreciable arc for any of the characters and if it was n't for the work of Jason Segel who appears to have shown up with his own script , this would have been an even more brutal affair .
This fitfully funny but mostly dull misfire defines exactly where the line can be drawn between truly subversive humor and lazy cynicism .
As film school assignments go , Bad Teacher is a potentially `` A '' topic with a `` C '' result that would require considerable remedial writing to upgrade .
There 's a dark , acid-tongued comedy to be made from this premise with these characters , but this bland `` Teacher '' just is n't bad enough .
A fitfully amusing comedy that promises far more outrageousness than it actually delivers .
Bad Teacher is more like a rebellious teen acting out against her parents than a truly rotten to the core degenerate kid . I guess you could say it 's Kim Kardashian instead of being Lindsay Lohan .
`` Bad Teacher '' immediately brings `` Bad Santa '' to mind and suffers by the comparison .
Diaz is absolutely fearless in portraying a character with almost no redeeming features .
Diaz performs with gusto , but the screenplay does n't give her many funny things to say .
Cameron Diaz is the reason charter schools exist .
If you 've never seen Bad News Bears , Bad Santa , or one of a dozen other better movies about adults being mean to kids , maybe you 'll think this is funny .
Screenwriters Gene Stupnitsky and Lee Eisenberg fare better here than with their first film , `` Year One . '' But like I said in my review of that film , if these guys are truly penning `` Ghostbusters III , '' they have a lot to learn .
Where the screenplay mostly falters is populating the school with unproductive supporting characters .
While ` Bad Teacher ' offers a few laughs here and there , it 's far from the head of its class of raunchy , R-rated comedies . -LRB- Full Content Parental Review Also Available -RRB-
When the end arrives at the 89-minute mark the immediate reaction is that it was too slight by a half and a lot safer than expected .
There 's so much wrong with the basic setup of -LSB- the film -RSB- that it never really gets a chance to be as funny as it could be .
Viewers sick of being force-fed inspirational lessons who are looking to mentally flip the bird at authority , this will hit the spot .
The film 's rhythms are disjointed , and there are tedious patches and gaping holes in the story . No one bothered to create anything beyond a vague outline of a superficial character .
Are you a fan of comedy based on the sole premise that it is funny to see a beautiful woman make outrageously crude and narcissistic statements ? Go watch Sara Silverman .
It provides a compact runtime -LRB- oh , how I 've missed you , 90-minute movie -RRB- and a quality laughs/minute ratio .
The picture does n't inspire or reward high expectations , but it raises smiles .
Diaz , costars Jason Segel and Justin Timberlake , and a sharp supporting cast -LRB- Lucy Punch , Phyllis Smith , Thomas Lennon , John Michael Higgins -RRB- manage to deliver a crappy good time , mercifully devoid of any heart-tugging teacher-student subplots .
Have talented actors ever struggled so much to so little avail ? Ms. Diaz sells her lines like a street vendor peddling fake Timexes .
We 're more concerned with the mock-shock screenplay futilely in search of a story , and the characters that could have been created on an Etch A Sketch .
The main problem is that Hollywood finds it next to impossible to break out of the mold of the `` likeable '' characters .
Ms. Diaz has found her down-and-dirty element in the kind of broad comedy that threatens to get ugly and more or less succeeds on that threat .
The ill-shaped script is an affront to the gods of plausibility .
Lazily written and indifferently directed , but a fitfully engaging showcase for a handful of razor-sharp comic talents .
Makes a homecoming bonfire out of schoolroom pieties and drags heroic-educator yarns into the boy 's bathroom for a swirlie .
Cameron Diaz 's fem spin on Billy Bob Thornton 's Bad Santa should have added up to raunchy fun . Sadly , it only took about 10 minutes to wipe the smile off my face .
I did n't think Diaz could be humiliated more than she was in `` Knight and Day , '' drugged and shipped as luggage , but I was wrong .
It 's not often a movie features a cast of characters with absolutely no redeeming qualities , but `` Bad Teacher '' really hits that one out of the park .
Cameron Diaz looks like she 's having a blast in her best role in years .
Barely makes the grade in either humor or provocation .
a jolly , joke-filled escape
This movie is what you do when you have never been to school or do n't like education . Or movies , comedies , women , breasts , sex , or dodgeball .
`` Bad Teacher '' keeps threatening to become entertaining without quite getting there , but it took me a while to realize how truly awful it is .
Bad Teacher is a promising concept in need of more promising material .
Diaz is funny , all right , but she is no miracle worker , so she ca n't erase the movie 's slow spots or make it feel shorter than its 92-minute running time -LRB- it feels much , much longer , never a good sign for a comedy -RRB- .
In an era when schools are scandal zones , it 's disappointing how timid a movie called Bad Teacher turns out to be ... This movie needs more crassness in the classroom .
Bad Teacher is hardly a perfect picture , but in the context of every other comedy on the summer movie landscape - from the faux empowerment of Bridesmaids to the neurotic frat-guy heteromania of The Hangover Part II - it feels revolutionary .
The classroom comedy `` Bad Teacher '' could have been sent to detention for copying off of `` Bad Santa , '' but it 's brazenly funny in its own right - until it turns into a goody two-shoes .
For a one joke movie Bad Teacher plays a lot of attention to details .
Bad Teacher is n't subtle in its `` borrowing '' from its clear inspiration , but it is savvy .
The concept titillates - an oversexed , drug-abusing , foul-mouthed , does n't - give-a-s -- woman put in charge of a classroom - but the result is drab , obvious , and disappointing .
Bad teacher , worse movie ... this summer comedy is an underachiever that should have been held back .
Though sporadically funny , this blackish comedy would have been far better had it been a lot darker ... settles for sitcom-level shenanigans and mild raunchiness before coasting into an ending that effectively cops out .
Content to beat the same three jokes into a meaty paste , trusting Diaz 's appearance will keep eyes on the screen while the film 's winded sense of humor is swiftly choked out , never to recover .
Surprisingly likable for a movie populated exclusively by idiots and jerks .
Sets back feminism a few centuries , but who cares . Because if we 're talking self-criticism of the species , some women are let 's face it , what can only be termed female chauvinists . And Diaz reinforces every single negative female stereotype with relish .
`` Bad Teacher '' is a pulled punch , a pot-smoking/kid cussing/teacher copulating farce that is less than the sum of its parts .
Bad Teacher is n't really bad enough . The R-rated elements do n't jibe with the otherwise PG-13 tone of the film .
The plot is ludicrous and the main character unlikable , but , ultimately , it manages to sway you with a powerful pace and uproarious gags .
Kasdan and writers Gene Stupnitsky and Lee Eisenberg construct the film as a series of set pieces , some funnier than others .
Simply serves Hollywood formula , while pretending to be above it .
Although the script could be better , this is still a fairly entertaining film .
`` Bad Teacher '' is exactly the one-joke movie that you probably expect it to be , but there are enough variations and shadings of that one joke to sustain its brief running time -- just barely .
By no means terrible or unbearable , though it 's slightly disappointing after the brilliance of Kasdan 's previous movie .
We 're not on Elizabeth 's side , or anyone else 's , really . We 're just watching a film try to pass off misanthropic blunt-wittedness as `` edge . ''
A refreshingly raucous comedy that comes surprisingly close to completely living up to its lack of conviction ...
A brainless comedy to escape from the grind .
-LSB- VIDEO -RSB- For the first time since her unforgettable appearance in the Farrelly Brothers ' 1998 gross out comedy `` There 's Something About Mary '' Cameron Diaz fulfills her comedic promise .
An amusing but wholly forgettable assemblage of scenes , some very funny , others thankfully brief , that you should absolutely catch bits of when it is on cable .
Vainly strives for outrageousness via dry-humping , nude-pic blackmail scams , and desperate cracks about blacks , Jews , and `` Orientals . ''
Diaz has the sass and confidence to make the character funny , even when the material is inconsistent . . There are worse ways to spend your time .
The movie 's nods to the bare-bones economics of educators ' lives are subversive and admirable .
It does n't quite go all the way into dark comedy but it 's unapologetically cynical and that makes for good laughs .
A labored comedy .
Are actresses like Diaz and Punch really cool with punishing material based on the worst male-invented stereotypes of the way women deceptively control men and compete with one another ?
Filthy and unredeeming in all of the right ways , Bad Teacher is a worthy successor to the benchmark black comedy Bad Santa -LRB- without being at all the same -RRB- .
-LSB- A -RSB- refreshing breath of just-so-wrongness ... -LSB- T -RSB- he -LSB- sly -RSB- , overarching joke that this is not , in fact , an attempt to outgross the grossouts ... but is instead a parody of romantic comedies .
Bad Teacher delivers a watchable comic performance from Diaz - including a charity school car wash in denim hot pants - and some real laughs .
It 's probably a coincidence that two of our most beautiful and sexiest stars -LRB- Julia Roberts is the other , in Larry Crowne -RRB- play foul-mouthed , heavy drinking teachers in high - concept comedies .
Its comic rhythms are out of whack , and sloppy continuity and unfilled story blanks suggest ample post-production surgery on a pic that commenced shooting more than a year ago .
It 's good for a few laughs but in the end neither outrageous nor accurate enough .
This is one of those comedies that terribly misjudges the reverse appeal of its central character .
Diaz 's Bad Teacher might not give an F , but just about scrapes a B - herself .
It 's a comedy tour-de-force from Diaz , backed up by great performances all round .
Having decided not to risk offending us , it could at least work a little harder to earn our affection .
This puerile exercise in bad taste has all the appeal of a bratty child trying to shock the dinner table by uttering some mild profanity .
A nice idea poorly executed , underpinned by a script with too few laughs and an unsympathetic heroine .
Bad Teacher is n't slick enough to make the grade . Diaz gets a gold star for effort , but it 's Punch 's chipper Miss Squirrel , as bushy-tailed as her namesake , who steals the film .
A character so unpleasant and so self-centered , you watch her with the same repelled fascination usually aimed at a rattlesnake .
The acting is uniformly on the button , but the script is patchier .
A high-school satire that is reasonably funny , though far from sure how badass it really wants to be .
Lift the bonnet , unfortunately , and this movie 's engine is too sputtering and feeble to get it anywhere .
It 's brisk , puerile fun with added charm thanks to the game cast . A bit like watching your teachers make twits of themselves .
Diaz 's game charms are semi-squandered on a script that 's two-thirds filler . Not quite detention , but on thin ice .
Broader than Bad Santa and less consistently funny , it 's still gleefully rude , crude and often a lot of fun .
Kasdan bundles together a mishmash of high-school movie clichés and off-colour toilet humour , with the flimsy plot and faltering pace providing far too few laughs .
Cameron Diaz eats the screen in Bad Teacher and the screen says `` thank you '' .
Diaz has a girlish charm that means she gets away with a series of cynical pranks , even though she 's not quite as big and clever as she thinks she is .
Diaz shows off her comedy chops , displaying the kind of sunny charisma -LRB- despite the hangovers -RRB- that has charmed audiences since There 's Something About Mary .
A disappointing , surprisingly unfunny comedy that fails thanks to a lazy , poorly structured plot , an uneven tone and a refusal to commit to its basic premise .
It 's a basic but amusing farce gifted with enough sharp lines to carry you through the lean patches .
It 's worth a look alone to see ex-real-life partners Diaz and Timberlake 's former favourite sex position re-enacted - or just for Diaz in all her glory ...
Bad Teacher could have dared to push the 15-rating further , and it probably would have been funnier as a result , but on the back of a refreshingly irreverent turn from Cameron Diaz , the flaws are easy to forgive .
The film 's main stock-in-trade is the kind of faintly bizarre , offbeat gags that you might find in a decent US sitcom - which is no bad thing and also makes sense given the writers ' Office pedigree .
This film strains so badly to be a black comedy that it does itself an injury .
Twenty minutes in , you 'll begin to feel like you 're in detention .




@highlight

In spite of a promising concept and a charmingly brazen performance from Cameron Diaz , Bad Teacher is never as funny as it should be .