Easily the year 's most useless picture
Despite the audacious title and premise , Range does n't aim to shock , but to unnerve
Beyond the feigned controversy stirred up by neocon zealots , `` Death of a President '' is nothing more than a high concept political hypothesis film that signals the futility of presidential assassination .
It is at least slick with technique -- or with a synthesis of techniques .
Without directly confronting the behaviors and attitudes associated with its theory , the movie leaves us with uncertainty , vacillation , and worst of all , emptiness .
The talking head interviews and other elements make for an intelligent analysis of our reactions and prejudices about such a situation . A must see .
... even the extras are unconvincing ...
OK , so , it 's got balls and technical skills , but is it anything more than a stunt ? Yes , yes it is .
There is little of the fall of the Twin Towers trauma , but much of All the President 's Men here . That this film 's buzz has launched such vitriol and condemnation is not surprising . Range 's film exposes wider audiences to some basic truths of our times .
Bush weepie takes all sides and none .
It 's hard to imagine anyone without a political agenda who can walk away from this serious , sober and impeccably respectful film and get agitated about it on its merits .
As a piece of filmmaking , Death of a President is edgy and fresh , superbly realised and satisfying in its ambition to pass as a powerful documentary about an event that shook the world .
It 's not art , it 's not a serious discussion , it 's not a film based in irony or metaphor -- Death of a President is merely a marketing ploy that 's big on shock value and short on ideas .
So long as you think it 's okay to depict a realistic-looking assassination of a sitting president via doctored news footage , then you 're likely to enjoy this intriguing whodunit in which George Bush is blown away by one of his fed-up detractors .
`` Death of a President '' is generally a sobering film that not only dares to think the unthinkable , but encourages its audience , no matter what their political leans , to stop and think as well .
The movie does highlight the ways that news and commercial images shape public perception .
Despite being heavy-handed and pretentious , and never providing a satisfying conclusion , Gabriel Range 's fake-umentary `` Death of a President '' is nevertheless brilliant in its conception and execution .
Accomplished and visually persuasive , but the movie 's central conceit remains something of a stunt ...
It is indeed ironic that a film that is often so good at making one suspend their disbelief still ca n't generate a true emotional response in the end . Despite its shortcomings , Death of a President is an interesting and provocative work that merits
-LSB- The director -RSB- has expertly interwoven real and simulated footage to make a film that looks convincing , but it amounts to little more than a clever editing exercise .
... for all the hype and gnashing of teeth , D.O.A.P. is n't a very interesting movie ... It means to shock us . All right , we 're shocked .
What 's missing is shapeliness , suspense , narrative cunning , visual flair -- in short , art . Are we really to believe that a network of the future would broadcast such a barbiturate ?
Dramatic escalation falls by the wayside and gives way to political axe-grinding . By the end , there 's nothing to admire except Range 's technical virtuosity .
When judged against the real-life outlandishness piling up on a near-daily basis , this what-if scenario ca n't really measure up .
Do n't waste your time being offended by Death of a President . This reeking excuse of a mockumentary deserves to be completely forgotten .
Rather than opening up his subject and illustrating how Bush 's death might affect a broad range of opinion , the world 's as well as the country 's , Range narrows everything down because it plays more comfortably to the pieties of a partisan audience .
It 's worth watching with grain of salt in tow . You may learn more about yourself than about the President or the war .
Range 's filmmaking craft is assured , but to what end ? ... -LSB- His message -RSB- nearly gets drowned out in the razzle-dazzle of the police-procedural details and speculative history .
Range comes about these issues in a provocative way , but they 're still worth discussing , are n't they ?
The use of archival footage is both expertly and ineptly done , the descriptions of the nation 's reaction just does n't play true -LSB- no one really cares that much-not even President Cheney -RSB- .
Despite its technical excellence and its careful balance , the film eventually dims its own fire .
Just as the ducks get lined up in a row and we 're ready for the movie to reveal its true purpose -- Political satire ? Paranoid dystopian fantasy ? Apologia for the Bush administration ? -- we suddenly realize it has none .
Given the controversy , which strongly suggested that the filmmakers had it in for President Bush , the film 's biggest shocker may be how kind Range and coscreenwriter Simon Finch are to him .
Every thinking person should see Death of a President .
Death of a President is thought-provoking , but as much for ` how 'd they do that ? ' as for its ideas .
Even people who think George W. Bush is the worst American-made disaster since President James Buchanan will have no trouble recognizing Death of a President for the lousy thing it is .
This film 's a little creaky at times , especially during long stretches of acted interviews . But the premise seems hauntingly real when President Cheney is shown delivering Bush 's eulogy at a state funeral .
While it 's far from the terrorist-training video that right-wing watchdogs are accusing it of being , it 's not a particularly enlightening exercise either .
The fact of the Bush years far outdoes Range 's dull fiction . The only thing that shook me was the idea of Cheney as president . Now that is the stuff of nightmares .
In the end , it comes across as more of a gimmick than a bona fide film .
Aside from its fake assassination , Death of a President has n't much of substance : warmed-over criticism of the Patriot Act and the Iraq war , in a form less trenchant than your nightly dose of Jon Stewart , or even Chris Matthews .
No reasonable person will come away from -LSB- DOAP -RSB- feeling that the film promotes ... acts of violence . So it is a bit odd that this film gets tabbed ` controversial ' when an exercise in sadism like Saw III is sure to be written off as scary fun .
It will only leave Bush supporters wondering how one man can put up with so much hate . And it may leave Bush critics asking why they just spent $ 10 and 90 minutes on something that 's more controversy than content .
D.O.A.P. offers no information , insights or ideas that a couple of political science majors could n't come up with while hanging out between classes .
While it dazzlingly manipulates snippets of film to create a genuine-looking docudrama , its knee-jerk , black-and-white political imagination never equals its technical expertise .
Aside from satisfying some kind of ghoulish curiosity about how such an incident could possibly happen , there 's precious little in Death of a President to justify the extremity of its central conceit .
Range 's movie is notable more for its superficial gimmick -- and the publicity campaign trying to cash in on the ` controversy ' surrounding it -- than it is for its ideas , which are few and familiar .
As cleverly as the movie pastes together an assassination -LRB- using among other things , actual footage of Bush in Chicago and real Bush protesters -RRB- , its aftermath is prosaic .
Death of a President is a masterly piece of documentary chicanery that kills George W. Bush without once pandering to his legions of ill-wishers .
Death of a President manages to be predictable and astounding at the same time .
To the credit of Range and Simon Finch , with whom he wrote the screenplay , it makes its point and poses its moral questions without speeches or quotation marks .
It starts strong but quickly turns into a standard murder mystery that has few surprises and fewer thrills .
I wo n't tell you how the story resolves the question of who killed the president . I will tell you that it involves a careless reading of American society by a director who apparently has n't totally thought through what he 's saying .
There 's a cowardice at work here . Playing with the powerful tools of documentary , it poses as artistically courageous when it 's often little more than a muddied if familiar meditation on the sorry state of affairs the U.S. finds itself in in Iraq .
I give nothing away by telling you the president dies . From that point on , the film 's most egregious offense is becoming predictable and heavy-handed .
-LSB- DOAP -RSB- wants to function as a mindless thriller that eventually makes us think -- and only after the film is over question the form that encouraged us to be mindless . These are incompatible agendas , and in the end neither is fully successful .
The whole film has the whiff of a low-cost documentary unspooling on a basic cable channel on Sunday afternoon when you should be out raking leaves .
And the point is ... what , exactly ?
The film prompts thought about things like the situation of peaceable Muslims in post-9 / 11 America , and about the always-precarious status of civil liberties in a time of war .
This futuristic faux documentary about the assassination of George W. Bush paints the president as a noble hero along the lines of Abraham Lincoln .
With the film 's focus on the assassination and its aftermath , we also get little more than hints of what is going on in American society as a result .
The point of view will be familiar from the news and documentaries , but conveyed more subtly than , say , Michael Moore 's Fahrenheit 9/11 or Robert Greenwald 's Uncovered : The War on Iraq .
The movie 's proposed shocking scenario comes off as a stunt , becoming the main morbid draw and leaving us little the wiser .
-LRB- Director Gabriel -RRB- Range is a great mimic of media reportage , but he 's not above nudging the audience to note what he 's not talking about .
Love him or hate him , George Bush has generated the kind of emotions that a film like this needs to address in more substantive terms .
Has very little to say once the shock value wears off .
would be a better movie if it morphed into a whodunit
The flipside of Michael Moore 's conspirapalooza , DOAP not only has a smarter satirical stab , its technical merits are beyond reproach .
Who would think a movie about an incendiary subject like the murder of the current president could be so dull ?
As skillful an artist as -LRB- director Gabriel -RRB- Range clearly is , he has gone to an awful lot of trouble to make a painfully obvious point about threats to civil liberties in a post-9 / 11 world .
-LRB- Director Gabriel -RRB- Range employs digital effects to rejigger real footage of Bush and others , and he 's fairly adept at action filmmaking .
-LRB- Director Gabriel -RRB- Range does a pretty good and sometimes very good job of laying out a disturbing narrative that 's certain to provoke a lot of after-the-movie discussion .
Eerie , tense and immediate as Death of a President looks and feels , it does n't contribute much of anything new to the discourse .
The film is a neat little experiment and an alarming ` what if ? ' scenario .
Death of a President is important and provocative . It should not and can not be ignored , no matter how much the holier-than-thou bastions of moral clarity and good taste try to dismiss it as reprehensible snuff .
The film itself becomes its own worst enemy , subverting its attempts at subtlety in the name of ideological urgency .
The best that can be said about Gabriel Range 's opportunistic fake-umentary is that it faithfully recreates the tone and rhythm of a second-rate American television program .
Despite the intentionally controversial depiction of the murder of a sitting U.S. president , the movie never arrives at the shocking conclusions a picture like this seems to cry out for .
Those expecting a cinematic Molotov cocktail are in for a dose of NyQuil .
The flaw in Death of a President is n't one of morality . It 's one of dramatic interest .
Operates under the façade of controversy while delivering nothing remotely provocative .
A fictional documentary that presents many of the divisive shadow elements afoot in our combative and xenophobic American culture .
Theater bans give `` Death of a President '' the appeal of forbidden fruit , which is just enough to make watching the slipshod film a giddy experience .
Range has a marvelous feel for the clichés and conventions of TV-news documentary , and the tone of mournful elegy he strikes here is both convincing and -- believe me , I 'm shocked to be writing this -- moving .
Death of a President begins as a disturbingly clever stunt but concludes as a contradiction , a political nightmare of haunting banality .
An impressive mix of real and created footage , but never really grabs you or keeps you interested ... this ai n't JFK .
Death of a President is celluloid mediocrity . It 's neither interesting nor convincing .
There 's a far more subversive political mock-umentary coming next week . I invite President Bush , Senator Clinton , and all politicians to get down with Borat .
Like the puppet some consider Dubya to be , Death of a President shows its strings too often to convince us that the man behind the curtain is truly in control of his convictions .
Range 's aesthetic trickery is n't nearly as seamless or as clever as that found in Kevin Millmott 's C.S.A. : Confederate States of America .
Amazing merging of archival footage with fictionalized doc but the second half is a tedious political thriller .
-LSB- T -RSB- his convincingly staged television `` documentary '' falls into a tradition of fictionalized British films ... that use nonfiction techniques to explore contemporary social and political issues ... Most of all , `` Death of a President '' is electrifying drama .
First reel is intriguing before the film loses credibility . The blend of fiction and nonfiction is clever but the film lacks plausibility as a thriller and also suffers from racial and religious stereotypes .
Death of a President is n't art , or even entertainment : It 's the art-house , indie-doc equivalent of Snakes on a Plane , where someone thought of a single idea and then , it seems based on the end-resulting film , stopped thinking altogether .
It 's a stunt more than a movie , and if this is what 's passing for intelligent liberal thought in this -LRB- or any other -RRB- country , we 're really in trouble .
Mr. Range is a talented man who knows how to control images and emotions , up to a point . By virtue of its subject , however , Death of a President takes on an unreal life of its own . The film itself becomes a riderless horse .
I guess everyone is just super-excited about the prospect of watching Dubya gunned down .
Although slick and clever , the ethnics of this fake docu about an imagined assassination of Bush are woeful .
Layering the sense of dread with measured expertise , Range does a formidable job visualizing the circumstances surrounding the crime .


@highlight

In this unconvincing fictional documentary , the tense 30 minutes that lead into the title event is outweighed by the boring , melodramatic hour preceding it .