Much as late 19th century Australian outlaw Ned Kelly was a charismatic figure who won the adulation of the Irish immigrant masses there , Heath Ledger as that romantic revolutionary of the film 's title breathes astonishing vigor into the role .
Director Jordan fails to deliver a film worthy of such mythical figure .
The story might have more resonance with Australians , since compared to American folk heroes Ledger 's Ned Kelly comes off as a bit square and self-serious .
-LSB- A -RSB- tricky film , punctuated by bursts of staccato surrealism and bitter humor ...
Rises above its own shortcomings through Heath Ledger 's electric embodiment of Ned .
Ned Kelly suggests that not only do you not need anything of interest to watch , but you do n't even need to see it at all .
Ultimately , Jordan 's vision is so murky that Ned Kelly remains as foreign to us as wombat stew .
A ride that does n't take us far enough .
Details such as the film 's stark Victoria locations and the clunky suits of steel armor the Kellys fashion for the climactic showdown root things in a distinctive time and place , allowing viewers to experience the familiar storyline in a fresh way .
A hefty dose of Australian history and legend , magnificently enhanced by a landscape that serves as more than just travelogue .
If Ned Kelly is supposed to be an anti-hero to root for , his speeches border on parody and his cause is really unclear .
This is a traditional western , not a great one ...
Offers a couple of well-filmed showdowns and lots of pretty landscapes , but you need more than scenic views and stylish action to chronicle a life , especially one as controversial as Kelly 's .
A leaden retelling of the legend of Australia 's Jesse James that has understandably been sitting on the shelf for a couple of years .
A handsome , action-packed biographical drama with a credibility gap wider than the screen .
Ledger , talking into his chest for much of the film in an apparent effort to lend gravity to his performance , is pretty stiff , but so is Jordan 's direction .
This handsomely produced historical drama never fully engages your attention .
To get swept up by the hagiographic treatment and to be all that interested in every nuance of this fellow 's development , one might really need to be Australian .
Jordan 's nightmarish vision of the Australian landscape is vividly haunting .
It just could n't get any duller .
Director Gregor Jordan -LRB- `` Buffalo Soldiers '' -RRB- knows how to weave fact and folklore to elevate this tale of an Australian Robin Hood .
Heath Ledger makes this good guy gone bad seem worthy of his legendary status - he makes it easy to root for the outlaws .
The production is always engaging , always compelling , but to what end ? What happens in Australia after Ned Kelly and his band make their mark ? The film does n't say .
Jordan stages the action scenes with energy and aplomb ; when his heroes dive headlong into mythology , they do it with gusto and plenty of ammunition .
Monotonous and drags toward the end .
There 's a serious dose of historical relevance adding breadth to the western-y shootin ' and robbin ' . Not to mention , the brilliantly lit nature shots are as stunning as the leads .
There is a potent national epic struggling to find expression here , but this movie is too rushed and fragmented to do it justice .
A highly formal and conventional film that is too often merely ponderous when it should be stirring .
Challenging , dramatic , provocative .
Fans of American Westerns will find plenty to like , so long as they can get their heads around the accents and the occasional wombat .
When the whole thing 's over , we 're left with almost no sense of why this story has been such an enduring part of Australian pop culture and national identity for the last 125 years .
Manages to shrink the grandness of the myth without clarifying our understanding of the man .
starts off as predictable but enjoyable nonsense and goes so thoroughly off the rails ,
Elegantly mounted and realized , to be sure , but basically a fairly conventional portrait of your typical noble rebel ... it might have been much more .
Marks a welcome departure from the usual rah-rah machismo of the semi-nationalist action adventure , but Jordan never escapes the mighty shadow of The Thin Red Line .
Begs for deeper answers , but never provides them .
Reasonably engrossing Western , but lacks political resonance .
Where Ned Kelly deviates from more traditional melodramatic hero-ographies is in its visual and symbolic landscape .
In a genre where the good guys and the bad guys can often be distinguished by the color of their hats , Ned Kelly is most welcome ... a good guy who is also a bad guy .
Think Braveheart Down Under-an impossibly masturbatory , unilateral act of hero worship .
An unkempt , enjoyable retelling of the life story of an Australian legend .
It 's an exciting movie filled with plenty of action , adventure , beautiful cinematography and best of all , terrific performances .
At last ! A feature film about Australia 's greatest outlaw and folk hero that , while not reaching five-star status , all Australians can be proud of .
The handsome , meticulously produced picture ... impresses for its rigorous recreation of the period and its refusal to turn the Kelly legend into horse opera .
A striking , stately and ultimately deeply moving experience .
an exciting movie filled with plenty of action , adventure , beautiful cinematography and best of all , terrific performances . . Ledger is fantastic as Kelly
A handsome production that pays great attention to authentic representation of the era , the legend and the landscape , Ned Kelly excels visually as it recounts a story that many may not fully know , albeit limiting our emotional connection with the man .








@highlight

More depth about the legendary outlaw would be welcome , but as it is , Ned Kelly is a reasonably entertaining Western .