It 's a fun set-up with a terrific cast - -LSB- Jesse -RSB- Eisenberg plays against type as a smooth-talking card trickster while -LSB- Woody -RSB- Harrelson radiates easy charm as a mentalist and serial flirt .
Force-fed magic is fun for a while , then it fizzles out along with our complicity to believe .
With the classic magician 's tactic of misdirection , Now You See Me gets us to look at all the explosions , car crashes and pretty people while concealing that the magician 's hat is empty and his cards are clearly marked .
Like a car that all at once blows its transmission , loses power steering , succumbs to a flat tire , and catches fire , `` Now You See Me '' is a wreck in every sense of the word .
Now You See Me is a slick crime caper that works because of its witty dialogue & large cast , but falls flat due to a finale that fails to leave any sort of magical impression
Clever , original , wildly improbable , wildly enjoyable and directed with all the necessary flash and dazzle , the film combines the pleasure of a well-engineered heist movie with a twisty-turny plot full of wit , double-takes and sleight-of-camera .
This surprisingly witty , deliciously well-played and sneakily subversive outing from director Louis Letterier freaks out a little into its final act but , nevertheless , ranks as one of the year 's most entertaining pics .
Like a real magic show , Now You See Me is thoroughly entertaining for the most part , but is ultimately silly and substanceless .
If you are going to avail yourself to two of hours slight of hand and slippery conjuring , you are going to have to be willing to believe the unbelievable to fully enjoy the show .
Abracadabra ! The character development has vanished ! But the flowers are still standing !
The opening credits roll , the stage is set and then SHAZAM ... all sense of logic magically disappears .
Ocean 's Eleven for Gen-Y ; it 's a ` pop heist movie ' that 's more concerned with looking cool than being it .
Seductive with its opening magic show delivering fabulous illusion , Now You See Me has a bit of Ocean 's 11 at its heart . It 's somewhat darker , and it 's that darkness that gives it texture
A hugely enjoyable thriller , whose sleight of hand is both audacious and ambitious , Louis Leterrier 's film is considerable in scale and daring
Hollywood bombast masquerading as something trickier .
Now You See Me puts the fun back in being fooled .
If you look at the film as escapist fare where you just go : ` My brain 's off , you got a good cast , you got a good concept , roll with it ' -- I think you 'll be fine .
Audiences go to magic shows to get fooled , but that does n't mean they want to leave feeling cheated .
The story moves jauntily toward its destination ; the destination , unfortunately , is a disappointing wreck .
Surprisingly delightful audience entertainment , unburdened by overzealous special effects and loud soundtrack cues and driven by a story that , well , just likes the idea of being smart .
Now You See Me is a picture that lays all of its cards on the table , only to uncover one or two jokers in the pack .
A fairly unmagical couple of hours at the cinema .
The idea of magicians conducting a series of heists is a great one , but this under-developed film never quite seizes the opportunity . Even its terrific A-list cast ca n't make much of the lame plot .
Ignore the gaping plot holes and Now You See Me all comes together in gloriously silly fashion .
Implausible climax aside , this fast-paced , fizzy summer blockbuster leaves us with food for thought .
This is a film about razzle dazzle composed entirely - and appropriately - from razzle dazzle .
A flashy heist thriller about a quartet of bank-robbing magicians , Now You See Me boasts surface dazzle and foxy sleight of hand , but when its makers reveal their narrative tricks you 'll more likely shrug than gasp with awe .
Most of it makes no sense at all , but who cares ? This is cheerful ridiculousness pulled off with panache .
It entertains .
Overcooked , overcomplicated and underinteresting , this heist caper turns into a mess .
Leterrier handles his camera like a Swingball set . Sleight-of-hand has seldom felt slighter than this .
Despite decent performances , this is a hugely disappointing , poorly conceived and badly directed thriller that ultimately fails thanks to the sheer contempt it displays for its audience .
A glossily superficial yarn that elicits a shrug and a resigned ` meh ' rather than awed incredulity .
A film which proves the theory that if magicians were also bankrobbers , they 'd still be pretty stupid .
When the smoke finally clears you wo n't hear a single gasp . The groans could be deafening though .
Bustling , glittery , uninvolving .
There are so many twists , turns and ` shocking reveals ' that we 're soon bogged down by a top-heavy narrative that then collapses with a final reversal that 's only stunning in its sheer ridiculousness .
This flashy , flat , dispiritingly personality-free drama is more likely to make audiences disappear .
Magicians as criminals is a marvellous conceit and Louis Leterrier gets a great deal of entertainment out of it , but it ca n't disguise a weak end with smoke and mirrors .
Complicated nonsense about four professional magicians caught up in an elaborate revenge plot .
There is no-one quite so smug as a magician enjoying the bafflement of the crowd and this alleged thriller , about a rogue team of illusionists , is full of it .
It ca n't cover up its weak finale with sleight of hand . Still , ` Now You See Me ' puts on a nice show , particularly in its first half .
If you see only a handful of movies a year you 'll probably love it . If you see one every weekend , you 're going to demand smarter illusions than this film can muster .
... a missed opportunity that never lives up to its strong opening ...
It has all the depth of a Vegas magic act , though take heart , it 's one fifth of the price .
... the plot of Queen Latifah and Katie Holmes ' ` Mad Money ' is more doable .
An intriguing premise wrapped in mystery that takes the audience into unexpected outcomes and pleases along the way .
This will be one of Summer 's top blockbusters . Experience the magic and See it Now .
... the illusions , as presented , are spectacular .
This will be best enjoyed by those willing to be hoodwinked along with the characters .
I love magic , and films about magic , like ` Houdini , ' ` The Prestige ' and ` The Illusionist . ' This is a film about magic . Although it is pretty high tech , a lot of the magic tricks in it are very traditional , based on trickery and misdirection .
It 's only during the too-long finale that the wheels fall off and the script reveals itself to be not as smart as it pretends to be .
The movie initially dazzles but ultimately succumbs to the Houdiniesque straitjacket of its increasing implausibility .
Possible - But Is It Real
While it runs a little long , the fine acting by the outstanding cast and the high production values make this an entertaining trip .
The enthusiasm and bouncy energy with which the film rockets through its plot ... are enough to keep it peppy and fun despite how utterly shallow and trivial it is .
Although Now You See Me lures us with its razzle-dazzle , the film really has little up its sleeve .
There 's flash , energy and an exciting chase sequence . There 's also much to do about magic tricks that are n't so enchanting .
The brilliant heist caper and the fascinating realm of illusion blend flawlessly in the summer 's most intelligent film ...
It was fun while it lasted .
Leterrier 's sixth feature film relies so heavily on the flashiness of a great show that the characters become props whose motives and storylines disappear amidst all the smoke and mirrors of the movie .
I did n't care all that much about the implausibility or plot holes because the movie is start-to-finish fun .
A slick little cat-and-mouse caper wrapped around a novel idea , and the likeable cast runs with the fun .
Makes up in razzle-dazzle what it lacks in intelligence .
A surprisingly enjoyable look at the world of magicians and what goes on behind the scenes .
The real trick is going to be pulling the ticket price out of the audience 's pockets for this handful of smoke .
A uniquely cool mix of actors . While it does have some flaws there is enough here to warrant a viewing , maybe even a 2nd just to see if everything hangs together once you know the reasons why - it get extra points for not being in 3D .
To be fair , Now You See Me is only nominally about super slick magic . It 's really a super slick caper movie .
The final act reaches up its sleeve and pulls out a big twist that 's supposed to take us by surprise - but , instead , just takes us for idiots .
A messy magic act dominated by Eisenberg who once again shows off his amazing skill at memorizing long monologues
About as thrilling as watching a movie about a white rabbit come out of a magician 's hat .
Smart casting , agreeable performances and a fresh narrative backdrop power this facile , twisty treat , helmed by Louis Leterrier .
The structure requires a lot of patience to see through to the end , and the lack of an actual reason to care about the game ... -LSB- tests -RSB- that patience .
It 's true ... The closer you look , the less there is to see .
The movie is nothing more than an empty spectacle hopelessly riddled with gaping plotholes , narrative coincidences and a final twist that could n't have been more preposterous had it revealed that Chewbacca was actually Luke 's father .
An intriguing escapade , revolving around a magician 's deliberate misdirection , as in ` The more you look , the less you see . '
begins with a giddy sense of mischief and ends with a contrivance that bespeaks the desperation of failing to plan for a proper ending .
You have some fun along the way .
Characters acting falsely just to fool some imaginary 3rd party who may be looking on like The Purple Rose of Cairo is as bad as a living room magician from pre-school telling their spectators to close their eyes while they hide the ball . Only not as cute
The characters are sketchily drawn , so the success of this film depends almost entirely on the storytelling , which is exceptionally cluttered
Now You See Me is a fine disposable summer movie . It has a lot of flash , but that 's magic .
Pure summer movie magic - literally . More fun than Ocean 's 11 , 12 and 13 combined . You wo n't believe you eyes - and that 's the point .
Now not as Magical as it Wants to be
If you 're interested in a suave demonstration of cinematic showmanship -LRB- no more , but no less -RRB- , then you might want to consider giving Now You See Me a look .
The movie finds a bit of redemption in its excellent cast , who do what they can with the lacklustre script . But in the end , what Now You See Me is missing is simply that ineffable spark called magic .
If you 're OK with the film playing you for a sap , you 'll laugh and clap and wonder how that bird got into that hat . But if you think there 's a difference between being tricked and being cheated , you may feel swindled .
Leterrier also tries to pack an extraordinary amount of story and twists into a fairly ordinary running time , resulting in editing so choppy that sometimes even the easy parts are hard to follow .
Seems far too clever to be a summer release -- those who enjoy fun heist movies should appreciate how unique this one is from others .
Teen-appealing heist movie has a few brutal fight scenes .
This would-be `` Ocean 's Eleven '' of the magic world remains watchable throughout , even as it plods along without ever quite fulfilling its potential .
Aaron Spelling-style mindless entertainment , what they used to call a B-movie , with a lot of narrative holes to fill for an active-minded viewer . That 's tantamount to going to see a magic act with a debunker 's frame of mind , though
One of those movies with a terrific premise and a less-than-terrific follow-through .
Does a great injustice to the skill of misdirection by turning elaborate deception into blunt blockbuster filmmaking , perverting sleight of hand beauty into moronic CGI-drenched escapades where anything goes .
Boasting a terrific cast and a flimsy plot whose logic disappears faster than a rabbit in a hat , Now struggles to pull off its cinematic sleights of hand .
Plenty of cinematic subterfuge is needed to keep this high-speed heist act in the air , but it 's a fun ride if you do n't look where you have been or where you are headed .
It 's a cheat even before taking a last-minute excursion into a more fantastical genre .
Not much magic here . Sometimes a great twist ending can make up a lot of lost plot ground , but even the end twist of Now You See Me is mundane .
Good light summer fun , but frustrating . The Four Horsemen should have been the focus rather than Mark Ruffalo 's cartoonishly dogged FBI agent .
Has an appealing comic spirit , and it 's a considerable amount of fun , in parts .
There 's nothing behind all this sturm und drang but a lineup of insubstantial ciphers , all false fronts and empty words in a pretend world not quite conducive to emotional investment .
Like a good magic trick , if you look too hard for the strings , you 'll sap it of its enjoyment . But if you sit back and let yourself have fun , it becomes a dandy little yarn .
A slick piece of populist entertainment -LSB- with -RSB- an extra layer of fun guesswork built in because its characters are constantly explaining how magic tricks and misdirection work , essentially giving you the answers while daring you to figure it out ...
The film feels like a magic act that starts off promisingly and has some fun elements , but ultimately does n't pay off that well . -LRB- Complete Content Details for Parents are also available -RRB-
The more you see of the movie and the more elaborate the tricks get , the less you are inclined to believe that humans rather than machines are in charge of the illusions .
All too quickly ... the smoke clears and Now You See Me proves to be less than meets the eye .
For all the talent up on the screen - and one ca n't fault the performances - the movie just does n't deliver .
Ultimately `` Now You See Me '' promises more than it delivers , though its cast is always fun to watch and the pace never lags . It has the magic for a while ... and then it disappears .
Much of what makes `` Now You See Me '' so entertaining - in a gaudy , disposable , Vegas act sort of way - is its ever-escalating ridiculousness .
So , we have a fun cast and a neat premise . But about halfway through the movie , I found myself wondering WHY everything was happening .
... Leterrier 's film is a reminder that sometimes a good yarn can do enough heavy lifting on its own to provide thrills . Whether or not the illusion pays off will be up to you , but the trick itself may be intriguing enough .
The characters themselves tell you that you 're too close to see the big picture . As it turns out , the movie is the same way .
If a trick really is something a whore does for money , `` Now You See Me '' is a cut-above illusion that plays fanciful , fast and loose , but more or less fair . Its only knock is not having much up its sleeve for any actors playing the Four Horsemen .
Quick-witted and original , Now You See Me offers an entertaining twist to the classic caper flick .
A synthetic sleight of hand that divulges plenty of tricks but never quite settles on a satisfactory endgame , `` Now You See Me '' moves sluggishly through its paces while managing to waste just about every actor in its top-flight ensemble .
A spellbinding caper that will keep you guessing right until the final act .
A great cast and an impressive scale , but it ultimately falls apart almost completely
The most purely entertaining movie of the year so far is `` Now You See Me , '' and like all great magic tricks , it makes us delighted to be fooled .
Now You See Me never comes up with an ending that justifies the incessant misdirections that make up the bulk of the film .
The key to any good piece of entertainment is to be as entertaining at the end as in the beginning . Now You See Me is more like Now You Do n't when it comes to a big finish .
So preposterous in its particulars , so ludicrous in its lowdown , that you 're liable to kick yourself silly for having bothered to play along .
The outrageous setup more than suffices , and the film gets a lift from offbeat characters .
Now You See Me ca n't quite claim to be the ideal crime drama -- that would be The Usual Suspects , which justly won an Oscar for its script -- but it 's only one level down .
This is one of those mystery thrillers that are supposed to culminate in a big shocker ending , though the script piles up so many implausibilities that by the time the ending arrives , nothing is surprising anymore .
With Now You See Me , director Louis Leterrier has taken a page out of the book of his characters : use sleight-of-hand so viewers are distracted from some rather obvious screenplay deficiencies .
Director Louis Leterrier has the energy but not the visual grace to match the elegant malefactions of his characters .
Exudes self-importance and ca n't help but make promises it ca n't deliver on .
Now You See Me is a superficially diverting but substance-free concoction , a would-be thriller as evanescent as a magic trick and one that develops no suspense or rooting interest because the characters possess all the substance of invisible ink .
The movie may think it 's pulling a rabbit out of a hat . But it 's more like a turkey .
The scatterbrained story loses its thread and becomes a dull , frenetic chase movie ...
It takes a certain dark magic to make the talent of a top cast disappear right before your eyes . Now You See Me does just that .
When functioning like a magic trick , this breathlessly entertaining picture delights in its showmanship , but the more entertaining the trickery , the tougher the explanation , and when the truth is revealed the answer ca n't help but fail to satisfy .
Perhaps the requisite summer-film explosion scene is just classic misdirection , per every magician 's handbook . Look over here , and maybe you wo n't notice this movie does n't make any sense !
so smart and so much fun that it makes you forget you are watching a carefully conceived commercial product
Director Louis Leterrier does n't use sleight of hand to keep his audience on their toes so much as constantly switching focus among a myriad of protagonists ... gutting the build of his central storyline in the process .
Big , noisy , slick , and empty .
The actors , including Morgan Freeman as an anti-showman devoted to revealing the magicians ' secrets , look like they 're having so much fun that you can forgive the periodic arbitrariness of it all .
Now You See Me should not be seen . It is not worth the brain drain necessary to reach the illogical climax with its mushball ending .
A fast-moving puzzler that , on a minute to minute basis , is moderately engaging but by the close has become a rather heavy-handed bit of hokum .
The movie wants to be Ocean 's Eleven with top hats and wands , but the rapport between Now You See Me 's principals does n't come close to approximating Clooney and company 's -LRB- or Sinatra and company 's -RRB- cool .
The screenplay keeps dialogue sharp , the heists clever and exposition tight until there has to be a reason for all this so everyone can go home . Now You See Me ends on its least believable note , no small feat for a movie about magic .
You want famous faces ? Flirtations ? Heists , thrills , car chases , explosions , disappearing bunny rabbits ? All here , and all designed to distract us from the emptiness at the show 's core .
`` Now You See Me '' is a movie about magic , but its most astonishing trick is how little mileage it gets out of a stellar cast .
What is really going on is revealed in a twist of an ending I did n't see coming because I was long numbed into indifference .
Less Houdini and more `` who cares ? ''
Silly but not entirely unpleasurable .
The whole of it is made of flash paper , intended to burn brightly for an instant before vanishing from your memory without a trace .
Things move briskly and efficiently along , and the climactic twist is well camouflaged , but there 's never really anything at stake .
Fun for a while , then it 's gone .
Like most good magic tricks , Now You See Me relies on amusing distractions in order to make a straightforward technical exercise feel like it 's worth the price of admission .
Not much up its sleeve
`` Now You See Me , '' despite some compelling moments , is one of those movies you watch while thinking about other movies that you 're not watching .
Moving so quickly its flaws barely register -- the blockbuster equivalent of sleight-of-hand -- Now You See Me fares best when simply relying on the no-illusions chemistry between its leads .


@highlight

Now You See Me 's thinly sketched characters and scattered plot rely on sleight of hand from the director to distract audiences .