This approach has the capacity to make its subject appear a repellant and even pathetic figure , but for avoiding that fate we can largely thank Cox for a magisterial and empathetic performance that gets under the leader 's skin .
Inserts as protagonist a man who resembles Prime Minister Winston Churchill in almost no ways whatsoever .
I 'll leave it to real historians to separate fact from fiction , but for all its provocations -- and von Tunzelmann admits she has manipulated some events -- this is certainly a film that gets you thinking .
The story itself is desperately repetitive and ungrateful , and to overcome it we invented cinema . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Sadly , `` underwhelming '' is the only word to describe the movie ...
It offers a lot for an actor willing the seize the bit and gnaw on it , as Cox is more than capable of .
We 're entertained and kept interested in one of the biggest and most important events in modern history .
Ambitious and veined with noble wood , but boring and disappointing . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
As it stands , director Jonathan Teplitzky has made a minor entry into the cinematic literature of the war . It 's a bit like having only one chapter of what should have been a multi-volume endeavor .
Churchill is not just history but also a work of art .
`` Churchill '' is to its subject what the `` The Green Berets '' was to the Vietnam War . `` Berets '' attempted to make a World War Two heroic propaganda in the wrong war .
Given its very narrow focus , there are scenes that feel repetitive as we continually watch Churchill argue with others and look deep within himself .
It has powerful visual moments , a score that perfectly accompanies the feel of Winston and a casting that for many moviegoers will be nice to see , but that will leave unsatisfied those who are more demanding . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Churchill deserves a pat on the back for its production and an almighty applause for its performances . All in all , it is a fascinating watch .
After the third time in which same squabbles happen , the movie feels stuck in a loop - how many times must an old man be kicked in order to elicit sympathy ?
A film that is reduced to a plot exposition to construct a mainly discursive narrative of null drive . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
There are some beautifully written supporting characters enlivened by astute performances , particularly from James Purefoy as King George and Richard Durden as South African prime minister Jan Smuts .
A deeply etched portrait of a man forced by duty to rise above his own ego to serve his nation as its moral figurehead .
It 's skilfully written and directed , and anchored by a wonderfully layered performance by Brian Cox .
Cox 's towering performance makes Churchill feel as though it 's stepping into fresh territory .
However bogus , Churchill is worth seeing for the actor 's imaginative redemption of ham-fisted screenwriting .
We know what happened on D-Day , but it is interesting to portray Britain 's Greatest Briton as a man whose ego is getting in the way .
At some point this might have been a clever and counterintuitive film , but for the most part it feels like a chaotic repeat of The King 's Speech .
For all its fanciful silliness , this is an interesting and original study of a magnificent but unsaintly man raging in the dark against the dying of the light .
Sadly , the flabby script does n't offer this talented actor nearly enough to sink his teeth into . I spent the first half rolling my eyes and the second half fighting to keep them open .
Over-desperate to legitimise his bullishness , it buckles under the weight of its own self-importance .
This worthy , solidly made drama would remain frustratingly two-dimensional were it not for Brian Cox .
It 's perfectly entertaining , but this Winston has had smallness thrust upon him .
An engaging look at Winston Churchill 's inner struggle in old age as he faces his diminished powers and his vulnerability .
Aside from a handful of half-decent turns , this would not pass a History GCSE , let alone the scrutiny of those it is intended to please . What a waste .
Cox ... looks the part without the prosthetics getting in the way and is good at tapping into the performative aspects of political leadership . Sadly , his domineering approach ca n't raise the material above the level of caricature .
The film showcases a fantastic array of top-notch acting , spearheaded by force-of-nature Brian Cox , who gives a tremendous performance as the charismatic politician who inspired Great Britain to resist Adolf Hitler .
Teplitsky is basically giving us Churchill as Shakespeare 's deranged King Lear , and it is very hard to see what the point of his film might be .
Churchill would probably make a very good night at the theatre with its verbal skirmishes and larger-than-life characters .
If the idea was to make us think again about Churchill 's legacy , then Churchill succeeds ; it 's just a shame it 's not presented in a less-convoluted and slow manner .
As this drama begins ... the British prime minister is silhouetted on the horizon , a hunched , rotund figure , with his black Homburg , overcoat and cane , giving perhaps the first sign that this film will take the iconic and turn it into cliché .
While some historians have already -LSB- rightly -RSB- criticised the film for the liberties it takes with historical fact , there is still plenty to be enjoyed and even learned from Alex von Tunzelmann 's screenplay .
Brian Cox gives good Churchill .
Wonderful production design , sound and camerawork , a couple of terrific support roles , and -- especially -- those two always excellent leads , are nearly enough to let you overlook everything that is completely wrong about this film .
Churchill is well acted by all its principals , badly written and poorly directed .
The conflicts rage on . The main one is between the Masterpiece Theatre staging and the subversive revision of history . It 's Brian Cox 's Churchill who brings them together .
It 's markedly unusual to see Churchill presented as fallible and wracked with doubt , rather than the fabled master-campaigner .
A fascinating but flawed portrait of a fascinating but flawed man . However , with Cox so good , it 's a surprise Churchill is n't being held back until awards season .
When Cox finally announces `` This is the Prime Minister speaking '' as he delivers his D-Day address to a waiting nation , you understand the significance of those six words exactly - both what they mean , and what they need to mean in order to mean anything .
Fifty years at the forefront of global politics make Churchill a fascinating narrative subject . Cox 's performance captures both his gravitas and his flawed humanity .
Well , it 's watchable .
Cox gives a fascinating performance even if the film itself is on the lugubrious side .
Delves into a little-known facet in the life of the iconic leader with an intimacy that is both stark and engrossing .
A war movie about indecision ? Not the greatest hook . Yet Cox 's sturdy performance makes it worth your time .
Some intriguing angles , but it all feels very conventional .
Churchill wants to be a great film , but it 's only a decent one .
Facilitated by an exceptional cast , led by Brian Cox as the great man ...
Likely to do well with its intended audience of WWII buffs and those old enough to remember the man first time round .
Taking one brief moment in the leader 's time as Prime Minister to use as a catalyst to explore his entire reign ; using this day as a window into this man 's life , learning of his personality , his passion and his stubbornness .
Cox is magnificent as Churchill -LRB- praise is due for Cate Hall , who is credited with hair and make-up -RRB- , Richardson imbues Clementine with common sense and patience , and the rest of the cast does everything expected of it .
The script , written by neophyte Alex von Tunzelmann , is appalling , its plot simplistic and its dialogue alternating between misplaced bits of contemporary psycho-babble and improbable grandiloquence .
Cox has the tragedy of the man in his teeth . Would that it had been better served by the movie around it .
Cox makes an impressive Churchill , an imposing man of physique and intellect who , closing in on 70 , has been laid low by age and circumstance .
Alex von Tunzelmann 's insipid screenplay ... takes every opportunity to portray the British Prime Minister as a doddering fool with his head stuck in the last Great War .
In the end , Churchill is a biographical footnote that will be pertinent only to students of the Great Briton .
The script is eventually undone by its cliches , one or two of which are shamelessly sentimental , but Cox and Richardson make it all worthwhile . They 're a wonderful double act .
A uneven historical biopic , Churchill can certainly be mildly absorbing at times , but stridently tedious at others .
-LSB- Cox gives -RSB- a star turn , even if it does n't quite have the film it deserves to accompany it .
The director weighs down every gesture and utterance with pregnant pauses , suffocating close-ups , slo-mo tracking shots , voice-overs taken from earlier scenes , and , of course , a relentless orchestral score .
Nicely humanizes an icon , shows us the man 's flaws , but never amounts to much more than a stage play of shouted arguments with very pretty settings .
There 's enjoyment to be had out of seeing Cox and company inhabit these roles - it 's just a shame they do n't have a better movie wrapped around them .
Brian Cox delivers an outstanding performance in this talky , repetitive docudrama , relating a questionable historical footnote .
Cox avoids the scenery chewing that tempts so many Churchill portrayers . Never has the PM been more like the common man , consumed by the gravity of the task he 's been entrusted .
Its succession of Big Moments takes its toll - the movie is exhausted , and so are we .
Driven by wonderful performances from all , notably Brian Cox as Churchill and Miranda Richardson as Clemmie ... not forgetting a superb cameo by James Purefoy at King George VI .
There are a few scenes that resonate , but overall Jonathan Teplitzky 's Churchill is a plodding affair .
This long , slow , boring , talky film is a vindictive calumny , making up things out of whole cloth , not a paean to a great man who almost singlehandedly stood up and opposed Hitler when it looked like all was lost . It is shameful with no raison d'être .
Sadly , the loser in all this is not the viewer , but instead , Sir Winston Churchill himself
Cox effectively gets inside the head of his subject , even if the film 's overall impact is n't especially insightful or compelling .
`` Churchill '' does show , in Cox 's performance , the bluster , insecurity , strengths and weakness that weighed upon the great man after all the years of war and leadership .
Too often Churchill feels more like an exposé than a deep-dish psychological exploration . Still , there are moments in Cox 's performance when we can locate the living , breathing man inside the commemorative statue , and that 's not nothing .
A load of utter rubbish from first frame to last .
Maybe one of the top five best-looking bad films ever made , thanks at least in part to cinematographer David Higgs ' mastery of the long shot and the team assigned to scouting and securing locations .
Cox 's Churchill wields his cigar with the might of a baseball bat , huffing and puffing like a dragon . But in the end , `` Churchill '' is just blowing smoke .
Cox has now put his own stamp on Sir Winston , and he is mesmerizing .
Brian Cox floored me with his portrayal , Oscar-worthy it is .
This is a transformative performance in a movie that , unfortunately , does n't come close to matching it .
Any good actor can wear makeup prosthetics and perform mimicry ; Cox becomes Churchill , and he makes this film worth seeing .
Anglophiles and history-loving filmgoers will adore `` Churchill , '' an extremely well made film that is the best example of British heroic portraiture since `` The King 's Speech . ''
Even Cox is n't talented enough to overcome much of Alex von Tunzelmann 's script , which brims with sentimentalism as the English sea brims with blood .
Casting Churchill as an impotent meddler during a crucial time in history is intriguing to a point ... seems at odds with itself
A superb look at iconic statesman Winston Churchill 's torturous days leading up to the pivotal D-Day landings of June 6 , 1944 .
A worthy addition to the considerable canon of films about the great statesman .
The problem is , the man we see onscreen only rarely comports himself like one of the greats . Far too often , he actually seems like the smallest man in the room .
`` Churchill '' should have been fascinating ; instead , it 's merely OK , with Cox doing his best to overcome the shortcomings .
As biopics of heroic figures go , '' Churchill '' is nothing if not audacious ... Yet audacity ca n't carry a drama that 's unequal to its subject in almost every respect .
The film simplifies Winston Churchill 's legacy for the dubious purposes of narrative momentum and emotional lift .
Biography , at its most useful , disabuses us from myth , but `` Churchill '' has no such ambitions . As both history and entertainment , it 's a drag .
This low-stakes , emotionally limp portrait may be intended to humanize a towering , almost mythic figure , but instead just needles and undercuts him .
A provocative portrait of the great man less based on history than imagination and abounding in cinematic cliché , but showcasing a virtuoso performance by Cox .
Winston Churchill may not have been a paragon in life , but in this film and this performance , he 's more sinned against than sinning .
If only the sole purpose of Churchill were n't to take ol' Winnie off the plinth and make him seem like a little more of a flesh-and-blood man-a goal the movie fails on account of being inert , decorous , and almost absurdly repetitive .
In its study of a famously tubby alpha male and how his wife helped him through one of the most difficult parts of his career , Churchill has echoes of Hitchcock - the movie , not the movie director 's style - though it 's a much better picture .
The movie 's ambition is the good news . The bad news is that it is a hash , choosing to jumble the historical record and frame a Churchill bout with depression against the D-Day invasion of France by Allied forces .
As a portrait of the man , it 's not only incomplete , but misleading .
So full of movie clichés and high melodrama that it 's sometimes hard not to giggle - and one should never laugh at the prime minister .
The low stakes of the story -LRB- which are not centered around D-Day itself , but simply how Churchill feels about it -RRB- mean that all the overwrought drama becomes unintentionally funny .
Too ponderously paced and conventional to make much of an impact .
A small , watchable , rather prosaic backroom docudrama ...
Cox aside , this pedestrian drama is hobbled by too many monodimensional characters and too much overly explanatory dialogue that feels like a dry high school history lesson ...
An off-putting hybrid of Great-Man biopic and crisis-of-will psychodrama . It 's a movie that wants the patriotic sweep of nostalgic iconography while also pulling back the curtain on a legendary statesman 's darkest thoughts .
Cox plays it splendidly despite the character being written as someone earning more pity than sympathy .

@highlight

Churchill gets sterling work out of Brian Cox in the leading role , but it is n't enough to overcome a muddled and ultimately unsuccessful approach to an incredible real-life story .