The film has an especially attractive first part where fantastic and terrifying elements are developed with great visual and dramatic interes -LSB- ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
`` Phantasm '' will not be remembered as a masterpiece of the horror genre , but it sustains a gauche , hokey , desperately improvisational charm .
While holding onto the handmade charm of the original , the 4K version makes the image less murky and the seams less visible , giving the picture back the vividly nightmarish quality of its original theatrical run .
Freshly refurbished with better sound and digitally sharpened visuals for this latest rerelease , `` Phantasm '' remains a pretty effective fright fest .
Phantasm is wildly imaginative and legitimately creepy , confronting death and mourning as part of the coming-of-age process while also delivering nutty Jawa-type critters and blood spurting out of peoples ' faces .
One of the most idiosyncratic movies in the horror canon .
Whether you 've always loved Phantasm , never saw it , or never even had the affection for Don Coscarelli 's nightmarish tale , I can not think of a better way to experience this film now than with the remastered version .
One of the definitive '70s horror pictures , in the last few months before '70s horror got steamrolled into oblivion ... a raw blast of sensory information .
Passable in spots , it offers dumb fun and turns out to be one of the best films that Coscarelli ever made
Extremely gory . Horror fans should delight .
With its blend of horror and sci-fi and crap and cool , and its deceitful story-line , Phantasm 's certainly unlike other American films of the period .
Strong point of the feature is that it 's played for both horror and laughs .
A film filled with unique , personal , witty , and , at the same time , terrifying imagery rarely seen in low-budget horror films .
A spotty little horror movie , effective here and there through some appealing eccentricities .
Coscarelli made this with very little money but with plenty of imagination .
Phantasm is n't necessarily one of those films you see for the brilliant writing ... . but all of this is forgivable for the groundbreaking vision of the film .
Phantasm can be viewed as a haunting fable of an adolescent grappling with his fear of death .
Does n't fall into any of the easily-classifiable genres , and I suppose that 's one of the reasons it 's so well-remembered all these years later .
Cult horror outing this is SCARY !!
oh so boring
Benefits from repeated viewings
A classic horror spooker .
It 's thoroughly silly and endearing .
Ugh . This is a classic of the genre ? Are you sure we watched the same movie ?
both inventive and completely nuts
Not for inpatient
Flat out stupid
A classic cult horror Drive-in movie if there ever was on .
Sort of the ultimate drive-in movie
This is one movie with a cult following that I 'd be embarrassed to be a part of .
Classic '70s low-budget horror/sci-fi .
Ideal for Halloween viewing or a dark night , there 's plenty of creepy fun to be had here , not least from the fabulously demented Tall Man .











@highlight

Phantasm : Remastered adds visual clarity to the first installment in one of horror 's most enduring -- and endearingly idiosyncratic -- franchises .