See if you can stop smiling as you exit the theater . There is so much more to Babies than cuteness , but that charm goes a long way .
Hopefully next time Balmes makes a documentary , he 'll have more of a purpose in mind , because without it , he 's simply not giving his audience any reason to care .
If not falling head over heels for a film that is literally just 80 minutes of cute babies makes me a grump , so be it .
On a scale of one to a hundred -LRB- one featuring no babies at all , and a hundred featuring all the babies in all of existence -RRB- this film could still only be classified as ` babies ' .
We realise this is humanity at its most homogenous ; we begin to go separate ways only when our surrounding culture shoves us into its own strictures
With deft editing , we journey back and forth sharing the first 12 months with each child . What impact does the environment have on each baby ? That is the intriguing question and as we observe and decide for ourselves
Inaugura um novo gênero : o do `` filme-awwwwww '' .
It wo n't make a dent in the box office and it can hardly be considered essential viewing , but it 's serene , unpretentious , and boasts more than enough cute moments to justify its existence . Parents , I imagine , will love it .
A simple idea , but very nicely done by French documentarian Thomas Balmès .
The intimate footage draws attention to the obvious contrasts between plenty and poverty .
Director Thomas Balmès has a hands-off and words-off style of direction . It 's to be welcomed . We all know the sort of thing mums and dads say to babies , so subtitles would be extraneous .
The baby stars were given the go ahead to improvise every scene . The magic came in the editing suite -LRB- Raymond Bertrand , Craig McKay -RRB- .
... an absolutely interminable piece of work that seems destined to send most viewers into protracted fits of daydreaming .
It has cute kids and cute animals , mothers and fathers interacting in interesting ways , and a demonstration of some cultural differences , too .
Because of the inherent adorability of the four stars of this French documentary , it 's easy to forgive it for not delivering as much as it should .
Because of the inherent adorability of the four stars of this French documentary , it 's easy to forgive it for not delivering as much as it should .
Precious as all get out ... but it cries out for more insight and inspiration .
This is n't a movie . It 's a screensaver .
More like a home movie than a feature length film .
When forced to watch home movies % u2014 and this is simply a glorified home movie % u2014 most of us nod and smile and start checking our watches .
A beautiful and entirely embraceable bit of cinema , and a welcome break from the pablum normally served up at theaters this time of year .
For all the care put into its images , Babies is startling unreflective , a series of elegantly shot drive-bys devoid of insight or empathy .
Babies is one of the most human fly-on-the-wall docs I 've ever come across .
For the first part of the movie the cuteness of the babies is enough but after that the sameness of the film starts to sink in and the need for something else arises .
I think babies are like fantasy football teams . I have my own , which I love , to the point of obsession . But I 'm not nearly as interested in some complete stranger talking about his own for an hour and a half . Much less four of them .
Once you get past the cute factor there is little left to enjoy .
Only a curmudgeon would argue that these Babies are n't adorable . But spending 80 minutes in their company is too much like watching someone else 's home movies .
The movie is pleasing -- who does n't love gurgling babies ? -- but as anodyne as a series of episodes from America 's Funniest Home Videos .
Presents itself as an ethnographic meditation on the first year of life but is better approached as an `` oooooh '' and `` awww '' fest ...
It 's a movie without a plot ; a documentary without narration . It 's a wonder about small wonders . ` Babies ' is about four cultures of the world and how they raise their babies % u2013 the differences , the similarities , and , ultimately , the happiness involved
Yes , I get it . Babies are cute . But this documentary runs about an hour long to prove that point .
... a kind of narrative tone poem that ultimately works as a mildly chiding critique of helicopter mothers and parents who worship at the cult of the sacred baby .
Infants on the big screen are usually exploited as blasts of cuteness , comic relief , or wisecracking , diaper-clad versions of grownups . Thus , Babies is a welcome relief .
This observant , if simplistic , documentary makes pop human anthropology delightfully unpredictable , engaging and photogenic .
Enthralling - the audience cheers each exhilarating , step-by-step accomplishment .
Who needs heavy analysis when all you want is a cute fix ?
Spoiler alert : babies are similar around the world . That 's it . While that may be just barely enough to hold together a TV special , it 's not nearly enough for a feature documentary .
Either the best YouTube video ever or the cinematic equivalent of birth control
Never overstays its welcome and manages to be curiously engaging , heartfelt , funny and amusing at times , but without much-needed insight , it leaves you feeling unenlightened and slightly underwhelmed .
There 's no narrator telling us what we 're looking at or what to think . The adults here speak different languages , but the film is such a tour de force of visual storytelling that subtitles are unnecessary .
It 's familiar and engaging for anyone who 's a parent , and should probably be required viewing for anyone who wants to be one .
Really , it 's a nature documentary , except that the topic is human nature and the subjects are the only humans on the planet whose behaviour is unaffected by the camera .
Blessed with no narration , an absence of gimmickry and an embracing love for its subject matter , Babies is as sweet , joyful and filled with curiosity as a you-know-what .
Babies begins to gain telling traction as the small triumphs start to come faster toward the sixth-month mark . Things begin to look up once the infants begin to , well , look up .
Watch a baby for a while and chances are you 'll be entertained . Multiply that times four and you have BabiesM/em > , a documentary as funny , charming and un-self-conscious as its subjects .
Might restore your faith in our perplexing , peculiar and stubbornly lovable species .
Babies is a celebration of the gloriously mundane .
Worldy docu might challenge cultural ideas about parenting .
With its fantastic images , which prompt us to grin in unison and nod in knowing recognition , this documentary is as soothing and edifying as watching a video loop of the Yuletide log .
Everyone tells you how to raise a kid -- this doc shows you how to feel like one .
... a very scary movie .
Waaaah !
The wordless message is delivered through the images , which tell us that the basic human experience and the emotions that accompany it are much the same around the world , however extreme the environmental and cultural differences .
Babies is a mesmerizing and weirdly manipulative experience , combining wide-eyed innocence and shrewd cultural commentary as it chronicles the folkways and familial rites of four starkly different societies .
... if the thought of sitting through what is essentially 90 minutes of home movies makes you want to claw your eyes out , then you 'll probably want to give this one a miss .
So vapid and shallow that even the most devoutly Catholic viewers will find themselves agreeing that it never comes close to become a viable film .
The cry of a baby is ruthlessly , evolutionarily designed to be one of the most irritating sounds on Earth . So why would you want to hear it -LRB- many times -RRB- on massive movie theater speakers ?
Watching babies learn and grow is the true joy of the movie . Whether they 're clapping along at play group , splashing in streams or struggling not to fall asleep , the babies are the stars of this sweet , amusing little film .
Definitely the kind of cute that makes your heart all warm inside .
Interesting concept and the babies are precious .
The parents from Mongolia should travel around the world to demonstrate their superior swaddling techniques . Never has wrapping a blanket around an infant looked more like a work of art .
Just in time for Mother 's Day is a documentary that should come with a warning label % u2014 `` Caution : this film contains explicitly adorable infants . It will make you want to run out and have babies . ''
Babies are fine `` actors '' because they ca n't do anything untrue , and what 's great about the documentary look at the first 15 months in the lives of four babies is how sharp Babies ' focus is on a child 's - eye-view of the world .
There is almost literally no difference between watching Babies and just watching a baby .
Balmes has the sincerest of intentions in Babies , and those , in addition to the battle between the shallow and the profound , lead it astray .
Parental Content Review -LRB- all the details you need to know -RRB-
The most awwwwwww-inspiring movie ever made .
If you were ever a baby or took care of a baby or have ever seen a baby in life or on film , something in Babies will capture your eye -- and , probably , your fancy .
The film 's message is loving and clear : we all created equal , even if some of us have better access to diapers .
The photography is stunning , and Bruno Coulais ' music adds just the right soundtrack to this intriguing visual diary .
It is n't for everybody , but this documentary about four newborns from far corners of the Earth does a terrific job of illustrating just how diverse an infant 's first year can be .
Face it : This is very , very cute stuff . There will be cooing in theaters , and a desire to reach out and scoop those kids off the screen .
. . like watching some stranger 's home videos of his kid ... a cinematic indulgence which only its makers and participants could love .
As an advertisement for the wonders of figuring out how to be alive , the movie is an engaging proposition .
In the joyous and buoyant new documentary Babies , the filmmakers keep the baby -- and the bathwater -- and everything else about infants that makes them so appealing that the rest of us keep making more of them .
At 79 minutes the film is overlong , making a point that could have been made in a short .
Its cuteness-quotient fried my cute-ometer after maybe 10 minutes , when the third adorable kitten tumbled onscreen .
By showing these vastly divergent parenting styles and domestic situations , Babies ca n't help but ask whether Western and first-world cultures have gone too far , and become too controlling , when it comes to child rearing .
-LSB- Its -RSB- approach gets a little tedious , but thankfully the film does n't overstay its welcome , and it has some genuinely cute and cuddly subjects .
Equal parts travelogue and big-budget home movie , Babies is an intriguing look at the universal nature of life , albeit a longer look than it needed to be .
A delightful and thoroughly appealing documentary that charts the adventures of four babies from the U.S , Japan , Mongolia , and Namibia .
Say this for Babies : No one can leave complaining they did n't get what the title promised .
`` Babies '' is , in the words of screenwriter David Mamet , `` as cute as a pail of kittens . '' It is also shallow , squirmy and painfully contrived ...
If you look forward to a parent taking a stack of photos of his child out of his wallet and shuffling through them for your viewing pleasure , you 'll love the movie . If you try to scurry away instead -- probably not .
The filmmaker shot nearly all this footage himself , all on a tripod . The stillness of the lengthy moments that result can be mesmerizing .
As a diversion , Babies is like a wind-up toy that will tickle anyone with a pulse . As a documentary , it 's like a cache of home videos that will frustrate anyone with an inquiring mind .
Imagine one long , stupefying montage of all the home videos you 've ever had to watch of your friends ' tiny offspring , edited without any narrative arc or discernible point of view , and you 'll have the gist of this misbegotten documentary .
Literally 80 minutes of footage of babies sans commentary ... acts as little more than a commercial for procreation .
Koyaanisqatsi for Anne Geddes fans
Professionally shot home movies posing as a documentary .
The film entertains , as far as it goes . I wonder , though , if it goes far enough , or says much of anything beyond `` Hey , check these babies out . ''
Did I like the movie ? Aw , yeah , I did . How could I not ? Did I feel I needed to see it ? Not really .
Everyone should see Babies . Even people who have cats instead of children should see Babies . There are a number of cats in this movie , and some feline moments that must be seen to be believed .
Crying , peeing , grinning , crawling -LRB- there 's a brief crawling montage -- the one such gimmick -RRB- , the babies in Babies offer moments to cherish . Frankly , though , the film itself is kind of slack .
Were it not for all the wonderful cultural and physical details filling the film 's peripheries , Babies might have felt too slight to recommend .
Cuts from rich nation -LRB- birthday cake -RRB- to poor -LRB- tub of viscera -RRB- are predictably pointed but not always thematically coherent . Still , the film stops short of it 's - a-small-world platitudes to elicit awe -- and awwws .
With no narration , no subtitles and little language at all , this makes for a charming visual contrast in the ways of getting a child through that first year of life .
Babies is a chance to drink in the essence of experience , with extended takes devoted to these young things simply exploring their surroundings , which leads to bouts of joy or ungodly frustration .
Oh , but this is a joyful film , a wonderfully charming portrait of what may be the most basic thing about being human : discovering that you 're human in the first place .
I 'm not the target audience for Thomas Balmes ' global baby scrapbook . The movie runs 79 minutes , which is about how long it takes me to diaper an infant .
Babies is barely more insightful than your average Flickr photo gallery or home movie clip : it 's just infant porn for prospective parents .
An endurance test filled with commonplace frustrations and woefully lacking in true multicultural insight .
For the most part , the strength of Babies is the way it babies babies babies babies babies universality babies babies babies , babies babies babies miracle babies babies .
The film 's simplicity is its greatest strength .
An exercise in observational cinema tracking four infants across the globe , Babies is refreshing in its methods , impressive in its scope and remarkable in its immediacy .
Like an old-school nature film , one that allows its images and characters to tell the story for it .
I really did love seeing these children age a year over ninety minutes and was as entertained as could be .
An aesthetic exercise that gets at no deeper truth than `` babies are basically alike no matter the culture . ''
The new , original docu Babies assumes the shape of a sharply observed , highly visual cross-cultural anthropological exploration without in the least being didactic , academic or judgmental .
Hardwired as we are to respond to infants , it 's difficult not to be drawn in to the innate cuteness . The filmmaker 's emotional connection to his subjects is clear , and even when `` Babies '' loses steam , it casts the human story in a fresh light .

@highlight

Babies is a joyous celebration of humankind that 's loaded with adorable images , but it lacks insight and depth .