A very entertaining thing happens in the sixth movie : Saw tunes into society at large and focuses its punishment on predatory lenders and amoral insurance companies .
For all the talk of redemption , Saw VI is the only one to actually walk the walk .
I 'd be lying if I did n't admit to jumping in my seat a few times . Unfortunately the plot was just a bit messy .
Saw VI 's story is now so ugly and bent out of shape , it 's impossible to follow - more fool you for trying .
It 's strange that a few people have been saying that this entry is a step in the right direction for the franchise . The only right step this franchise could take would be to end .
It 's funny , but the thing that the series seems to have lost track of amidst all the soap opera and moralizing is the idea that these are horror films .
Thrives on extreme , ghastly gore as its primary motivation , making all other concerns secondary ; in essence , it 's more an endurance test than it is a movie .
Do n't have a desire to see victims ripped limb-from-limb , cut in half and watch their insides spill out onto the floor ? Avoid Saw VI at all costs .
Saw VI is the sixth Saw I 've seen , and maybe the sickest .
They keep reviving dead characters to keep the poor excuse for a story going . When will it all end ? Jigsaw is dead , everyone 's dead . Please make it stop ! Paul Chambers , CNN .
Embora ainda não tenha assumido o tom de auto-paródia que eventualmente envolve toda franquia do gênero , a série já começou há muito a provocar risos involuntários .
` Saw VI ' proves to be the one to pull the series out of its tailspin . Film No. 6 is not only good , it 's really good .
Would make a good co-feature with Michael Moore 's ` Sicko , ' as self-righteous maniac Jigsaw -- apparently a fan of the public option -- plays his bloody , lethal ` games ' with health insurance professionals who deny coverage to the needy .
When torture porn becomes as snooze-inducing as lecture hall , it 's time to call it a day .
A clear improvement over its two most recent predecessors ...
A vast improvement over the previous two installments of the series taking on the health insurance industry in the series ' first overtly political statement .
Saw movies and Halloween go together like ho and hum .
a welcome return to enjoyable horror fare for a series that seemed to have lost its way .
Saw VI is , pardon the pun , a cut above the rest but not , sadly , by much .
It 's been three films since they killed off Jigsaw , the putative psycho-killer of the Saw series of slasher films . So at this point , they literally are beating a dead horse .
If you have n't followed the series up until now , there 's not much point in trying to catch up .
Editor-turned-director Kevin Greutert shows confidence behind the camera -- still , one can only hope that Jigsaw 's gruesome Pecksniffian pedagogy gets a taste of its own blade soon .
For the next installment , I think Jigsaw should time travel into the past and mess with the ancestors of his enemies . That would be cool !
Intense , relentlessly horrifying , disgusting and often implausible , but surprisingly intriguing at times .
the best entry in the series since Saw II .
This script , by Marcus Dunstan and Patrick Melton , has a more lyrical bent , and a more satiric bite , than any of the other Saw sequels .
A triumph -LRB- a very relative triumph -RRB- for two reasons : first , it is not so confusing as Saw IV , and second , it is not so sleepy and wholly pointless as Saw V.
Michael Moore would have a field day with this latest installment , where the writers tackle the health care system with Jigsaw as an answer .
The usual critiques apply : terrible acting , zero suspense , laughable logic and the promise of another one next year .
Who can expect something worthy of good reviews after the sixth installment ? That said , I 'm assuming the creators of Saw walked into the movie deciding , ` We 're going to make a stupid , gory movie and everyone will watch it because it 's Halloween ! '
In what was originally slated to be the final chapter , the latest installment keeps the traps interesting but leaves the back story running thin .
A film so frighteningly familiar it could well be called Saw It Already .
The tension missing from recent installments is back , thanks to an inventive narrative that manages to tie up the ever-evolving saga 's loose ends .
Well , I guess there 's something more frightening than life-threatening , mutilating ` games ' you 're forced to play as you struggle to remain alive . And that , of course , is the state of health care in the United States .
The tawdry use of important real-life social issues in the service of what amounts to nothing more than another exercise in malignant sadism makes this picture even worse than earlier episodes .
While the social commentary is as shallow as ever , the film 's overall quality is better than the last two installments . That is n't saying much , but it 's something .
Saw VI plays like the last gasp for relevance of a heavy-metal series that has not only gone regurgitation-rusty but seems lacking much of a will to live .
Headache-inducing , and featuring one of the worst D-movie performances of the aughts from Costas Mandylor , the latest `` Saw '' franchise addition is more of the same torture-punishment-rehab-porn audiences have come to expect .
Revenge of the uninsured in this health insurance horror , and we 're not talking medical malpractice . While death panels and death penalties alike abound in this surgical slasher spree without benefit of anesthesia , and that goes for the audience too .
... one of the best and most fascinating in the series .
In the sixth installment the series gets political , pointing a finger at the health care system .
Sixth film in revenge series is just as bloody as the rest .
The Saw series long ago cannibalized its cleverest bloodbath gimmicks , but now it 's figured out a new way to torture us : by taking a barb-wire stab at political relevance .
Who knew that the franchise 's creators would eventually find a plot twist that made sense ?
After six installments , it 's not exactly cutting edge .
Adding a layer of social significance is n't the worst strategy for a franchise that keeps piling on the convoluted mythos , yet has n't changed its risible mix of mechanized death and tongue-clucking morality .
At one point , I did roll my eyes and think that the movie might be going too far . But then I realized they had been going too far for years . That 's what makes them still edgy .
These movies lack a whole lot of panache .
Parental Content Review
New director Kevin Greutert does something just a little bit different , and more daring , with the level of tension and the payoffs .
Where Saw 6 earns a few points over its predecessors is in its devotion to simple but effective gallows humor .
For Lionsgate , it remains a good time to be in the Saw business .
Saw VI does n't come close to reigniting the spark of the original , but at least it approaches coherence , which is more than can be said for the last several installments of the series .
... a worthy and faithful entry in a franchise which at this point seems expressly designed to document people dying in increasingly inventive ways .
... this more straightforward sequel finally ties up the loose ends , without the gratuitous red-herrings or continuity distortions that have become tedious trademarks .
The latest installment of the movie franchise is as customer-service-oriented as ever .
The good news : it is easily a step up from the worthless , dirge-worthy likes of Saw IV and Saw V . The not-so-good news , then , is that the film is still unnecessary and convoluted , the series having long since run out of steam and freshness .
Saw VI is able to stand on its own as a wild and brutal thrill ride .
The nicest thing that you can say about it is that it is n't quite as contemptuous of its audience as the incredibly lazy and unnecessary `` Saw V '' was .
In the end , SAW VI is faithful to the franchise and the twist/finale are 100 % satisfying . SAW fans WILL walk out of the theater with their fists in the air with the feeling that they 've reclaimed their beloved franchise .
No longer just gruesome but also morally bloodied , this franchise about games of death aimed at those who need to understand the value of life - grinds along , wringing out whatever cash is left in the original idea .
The series has done worse , but on the Annual Tradition Fun Scale Saw still ranks somewhere between filing taxes and throwing out old , rotting pumpkins .
`` Saw '' movies gave up on being scary several episodes ago , but there 's no suspense or surprise either . Watching its grim procession of carnage is like sticking with a favorite pro football team for the last 8 games after it 's already clear they 're doomed .
Would it kill these producers to take a few chances for the next adventure ? It 's easy to loathe a Saw picture , but to be utterly bored by one seems an unpardonable offense .
The never-ending Saw horror franchise continues . Sigh . Fans and non-fans will get exactly what they expect , and not much more .








@highlight

It wo n't earn the franchise many new fans , but Saw VI is a surprising step up for what has become an intricately grisly annual tradition .