... a delight for anyone who likes contemplative cinema , where many times , an image says more than a thousand words . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The performances feel honest , and are perfectly attuned to Ivory 's sauntering directorial pace . No one is in a hurry to have any epiphanies or enjoy the release of emotional catharsis . I appreciated it .
Ivory without Merchant films a bloodless , dreary tale
Sometimes it 's nice to just relax and listen to the deep soothing tones of Anthony Hopkins , even if what he 's saying is absolute dribble .
It 's of moderately passing interest this film , but that 's all . I hope Ivory and Prawer Jhabvala find their feet with the next one .
Looks like a Merchant Ivory movie . Bores like a lesser one , too .
This is a very disappointing film . It lacks life , really .
This is a rather drab affair with a protagonist who seems to have had a personality bypass .
It 's not an entirely boring film . After a while , your pulse rate slows and you settle into the landscape . The two-hour running time , however , puts you in acute danger of growing moss .
A rich and engaging film from one of cinema?s grand masters
With all the cinematic trademarks of a James Ivory film , this adaptation of Peter Cameron?s novel seduces us slowly , as we get to know the characters whose lives are intertwined for better and for worse
`` Destination '' is another effort by director James Ivory in his long-running campaign to give arthouse audiences a comfortable place to take a nap .
Slow , dull and wielding absolutely no emotional impact despite a fine cast .
An aptly lush but below-the-numbers yarn
It 's like Paul McCartney 's songs after the split with John Lennon - there 's some good stuff , but nothing classic .
full review at Movies for the Masses
This adaptation of the Peter Cameron novel is pretty dull , and the whole thing is so lacking in energy that it becomes a chore to watch .
The film is an endearing dinosaur , more suited for a museum than a multiplex ...
Rather pallid ... -LSB- a -RSB- stolid , talky adaptation of Peter Cameron 's novel .
With a wimpy protagonist and a reticent director driving the story , The City of Your Final Destination does n't go far enough .
A movie that feels as if it should have been a masterpiece . As it is , it 's flawed , uneven work but deserves careful viewing .
Like all Merchant/Ivory films , The City of Your Final Destination quietly shimmers .
Among other problems , the material has maddening character and situation gaps that require one to suspend disbelief .
When you get to the end of The City of Your Final Destination , you may discover that there is no there there .
City is a talky melodrama , and some of the dialogue is oddly stiff . But it 's a pleasure to watch great actors dig into this literary material , and the movie looks sunny and spectacular .
There 's no dramatic mainspring to the story , but the civilized dialogue is refreshing , the South American locations are lovely and Jorge Drexler 's score is rapturously romantic .
A turgid adaptation .
An artificial , almost theatrical quality to the dialogue and staging conflicts with the material 's character-driven nature .
The story is nonexistent and the dialogue so self-conscious that the entire proceeding becomes as numbing as someone reading a mediocre book aloud .
What was intended as a tart elegy for a vanished way of life becomes a valedictory to a certain kind of filmmaking : beautifully appointed , intelligently played , and civilized into inertia .
It 's gorgeous to look at . It has literate , well-spoken people . It has marvelously sensitive performances from Hopkins and Sanada .
The City of Your Final Destination clocks in as Ivory 's best movie in some time , but it 's still far too uneven and careless to recommend .
One can dislike half of what Merchant Ivory has done and yet , in principle , still support the cause . Cutting-edge is n't all .
Watching a James Ivory film is like entering a room aglow with plush furniture and exuding tasteful music and promising comfort and a brush with sensuality . The people inhabiting that space , however , vary in appeal .
A small film , at times a creaky one -- but I liked it .
It 's a fine cast , but this is an example for me of actors being really pulled down by the material .
Destined to be little more than a footnote in the anthology of extraordinary films to come out of the long creative collaboration between producer Merchant , director James Ivory and screenwriter Ruth Prawer Jhabvala .
Twenty minutes into it and I was suppressing a yawn and wondering when the drama was going to begin
An overlong , strained and poorly-paced drama with that suffers from Omar Metwally 's bland performance and excessive style over substance . It ca n't be saved by an otherwise terrific cast , beautiful scenery and exquisite production values .
A sophisticated drama about love and literary matters skillfully and sensitively directed by James Ivory .
Partly because the rarefied aesthetic climes conjured by the film barely exist anymore , its story feels as quaint as the once-vital Merchant Ivory ethos of hothouse nostalgia -- with its antique-shop sensibility and Anglo-European snob appeal -- does .
A piercing and intelligent dramedy .
The City of Your Final Destination is a fine , familiar addition to the Merchant Ivory oeuvre .
This long and overly genteel adaptation of Peter Cameron 's 2002 novel never quite comes to a boil .
It 's a frustratingly oblique film where few events connect , and fewer moments matter .
The new film from James Ivory is leisurely paced , lacking in narrative drive perhaps , but rich in nuance , dialogue and atmosphere . Marvelous performances by Anthony Hopkins , Laura Linney and Charlotte Gainsbourg .
This movie is a triumph .
The City of Your Final Destination is lovely to look at -- and languid to the point of stultifying torpor , as interesting characters make speeches to one another about life , love , and literature .
James Ivory and cast make every scene flutter with feeling in this adaptation of Peter Cameron 's 2002 novel , written for the screen by Ivory 's collaborator-of-50-years , Ruth Prawer Jhabvala .
Ivory seems lost ; it 's as if he needs decades of distance and a canonized voice to bring out his best work .
Quiet , deliberate and understated in its humor and romance ... a subtle , polished story ... There is , one hopes , still room for a film as charming and layered as this one .
The Remains of the Day director has considerable trouble disentangling this latest in his long line of demure chamber pieces .
Elegant , enthralling journey into self-discovery - with James Ivory continuing the richly refined , tantalizing , exotic Merchant/Ivory storytelling tradition .
A light drama that 's slight but also inviting .
Languid , multi-accented adaptation of the contempo novel by Peter Cameron suffers from an unfocused screenplay and direction .


@highlight

A stellar cast ca n't elevate this leaden adaptation that , while just as beautiful as anything director James Ivory 's made before , comes off as dusty and dry .