As a standalone film with no care or knowledge regarding the anime , then the film is merely a very typical `` who am I really '' human vs machine story that you 've seen a ton of times before .
As fascinating as strenuous . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Whatever larger questions Ghost in the Shell feebly tries to address are drowned out by action sequences we 've already seen and institutional betrayal tropes that have been the norm for decades .
Conceptually , this movie should have worked , but the execution did n't ... the movie ca n't be all action , action , action ... it looked great , but it ca n't thrive off of concept .
If you absolutely must cast a white actress in the lead role that might have gone to an ethnic Asian and include geisha as robots to evoke a sense of modern Japan , maybe you need to reflect more on what you 're trying to accomplish .
Directed with efficiency and designed both for those who are familiar with the saga and original history , and for the viewer who is approaching the material the first time ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
In an imagined age when machines have not only taken over everything around us but now enhance us , the movie examines the only thing we have ownership of anymore : our own being .
Ghost in the Shell is fighting the uphill battle to break Japanese Anime into mainstream Hollywood cinema . Director Rupert Sanders may have done just that , delivering a thought-provoking , action-packed , and accessible quest for self-discovery
Ghost in the Shell reminds one of another adaptation with whizzy visuals and an ass-kicking leading lady battling an evil corporation while wearing a series of eye-popping outfits - Resident Evil .
The world of ` Ghost in the Shell ' is truly a sight to behold , with an amalgamation of a neo-noir landscape along with a gritty , greasy cyberpunk underbelly .
The very idea of ghost in a metallic shell talks of a surreal irony . A deep concept that vanishes in Hollywood 's ambition to carve out a franchise .
The result is a visually spectacular film that should certainly do good business over Easter . But we have ventured down this particular sci-fi path many times before .
It 's just amazing that a movie with so much to look at in it is as boring as Ghost is , but this movie is PHENOMENALLY BORING .
In the 22 years of build-up , everything revolutionary about the original has been covered by other films - leaving this , at times , looking like a dodgy cover-version . And too often it fails to recognise how far behind it is .
Young girls everywhere know the importance of seeing female superheroes , which is where this film succeeds . But , young Japanese girls also deserve to see their heroes brought to life in a way that validates their identity .
While the original film coated this main thread with complex philosophical concepts about morality , this version makes fleeting references without exploring these ideas .
Fair to say , though , that Ghost 's overwhelming visual achievements tend to dwarf any serious consideration of what it means to be human and an action-enhanced story .
Why was n't the American version of Ghost in the Shell set in Los Angeles or New York City or something ?
A film whose action is slightly good , in a borrowed way , and whose plot is a benighted mess .
Johansson is remarkably effective in the role , impassive but not blank , both physically fierce and ethereal , morphing in action as the technology flickers into chameleon mode or sends her senses into 360 degree awareness .
Definitely not in Blade Runner 's league ... But the action is a blast and Johansson is fabulous , once more channelling the otherworldly vibe she displayed so distinctively in such films as Lucy , Under the Skin and Her .
I 'm not sure `` Ghost in the Shell '' ever had a ghost of a chance . The Hollywood version is too much like a blending of `` Blade Runner '' and `` Robocop . ''
The end result is very entertaining . But it leaves us with a great emptiness . If you 're expecting a deep sci-fi movie , I think you will not find it . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Ghost in the Shell may be a spectacle for the ages , but its casting broke the magnificent spell of visual storytelling for me .
Aided by Johansson 's considerable action chops and birthday-suit look , Ghost in the Shell is destined to be a box-office smash . It might also provoke charges of cultural imperialism , as did Björk and Barney . Watch this space .
Like the live action Beauty and the Beast , -LRB- Ghost in the Shell 's -RRB- best impressions come from imitating the source , lifting visuals and dialogue to deja vu effect .
This slick exercise in spectacle over substance might please fans of the source material with its evocative visual flourishes , even if newcomers will find it takes itself too seriously .
The characters in this movie just repeat themes and explain plot points to each other , all in the same flat , droning monotone .
Ghost in the Shell is bland , soulless garbage .
An effective sci-fi story that has a lot to say about identity , consent , and what make us humans , differing from machines and robots . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The tone is heavy throughout and while Scarlett Johansson commands a strong presence in the leading role , the same ca n't be said of the supporting characters .
Certainly not without its problems , but the moral and ethical implications of the film are more than worth discussing .
The movie directly tackles the ` whitewashing ' controversy that accompanied the casting of Johansson ; the science-fiction rationalization of the ethnic rewrite has logic , but also an unsettling clinical ruthlessness .
... a handsome-looking but entirely empty comic-book adaptation .
While the themes are n't new - Hollywood had two decades to mine ideas from it - it is a slow-burn psychological thriller ... pure cyberpunk with all the trappings .
The script makes that all political -LRB- or metaphysical -RRB- reflection is replaced by an awkward and repetitive narrative with melodrama in the background . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Visually enticing but not necessarily engaging .
It reduces the philosophical quest for understanding of what it means to be human to a very familiar trope : the search for a former identity . Essentially , the Major is now Jason Bourne - or , more precisely , Robocop , by way of Frankenstein 's monster .
It 's all visual panache with no true dramatic weight . Maybe there 's a richer story occurring in the corners of the screen ; perhaps the film plays better with the sound off .
You 're not going to have a bad time at the movies , just do n't expect to feel that those who created this beautiful work , want to flatter , beyond nostalgia , your intelligence . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The action is a blurry mess of jump cuts and extraordinarily annoying slo-mo flips -LSB- but -RSB- director Rupert Sanders has created one of the most overwhelming visual worlds in recent memory .
Its frenetic whiz-bang technology favors style over substance - and the uproar over casting a Caucasian actress in an iconic Japanese story is understandable .
The worst thing about this remake is not that it 's a disrespectful version , but even if we put aside the fact that it 's an adaptation , it 's still a boring movie . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
In Hollywood 's hands , Ghost in the Shell manages to be both dazzling and a little dumb .
Politics aside , Ghost In The Shell takes the source material and turns it into something digestible and rip-roaring , gripping you to your seat full-throttle and never letting go .
This story deserved a more experienced director , more freedom , more reflection and fewer bullets but when the form is in charge of Scarlett Johansson , there 's not much to complain about . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A two-hour flatline , best experienced in the form of its trailers or its soundtrack or anything but the film itself .
A ghost of a film , a shell of a blockbuster .
A totally failed film as an adaptation and also as a blockbuster . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Clad in a series of unforgiving , form-fitting futuristic outfits , Scarlett Johansson plays `` The Major '' , the latest in a long line of sexy female cyborgs , in this slick , action-stuffed , high-gloss remake of the cult classic 1995 anime feature .
Like Major , the film is unable to decide about what it really wants to be .
Fantasy , reality , dreams & memories propel this visually stunning live action version of the cult manga to great heights , with Scarlett Johansson striking as the deadly weapon whose human brain is in sync with her curvaceous synthetic body .
Ghost in the Machine has the cyberpunk aesthetic but lacks the core element of soul .
Sanders makes wow moments out of entrances , as when Major crashes a restaurant massacre-cum-brain hack with guns blazing . But he 's not particularly good at building action sequences so that they have a logical flow or emotional grip .
This is an exciting , fun , futuristic thriller that , like its main character , has a probing mind . It will make you think .
Representation and intention both matter , especially to those of us who still go underrepresented on screen .
ScarJo breaks a lot of real and synthetic bones , but the movie does n't break any new ground .
Ghost in the Shell feels like a middling cyberpunk flick that has sat on a shelf since the early '90s .
It does offer , in addition to all the cool visuals , one of the purest forms of joy available to a movie fan : The sight of the great ` Beat ' Takeshi Kitano , gunning down fools in a dank , vaguely Asian alleyway , dripping in neon haze . Yes please .
A visually sumptuous , thrilling , sci-fi action movie about the central character 's quest for her identity .
Rather than stretch the capacity of the original 's themes , this remake shrinks them down to eye level , becoming a forgettable and ultimately pointless endeavor .
The movie feels much like one of its many `` solograms '' - an expensive , artificial spectacle of vibrancy and depth , revealed to be little more than a trick of the light .
It 's slick , enjoyably brutal and beautiful but , just like its protagonist , feels like it lost a little bit of soul somewhere along the way .
On the whole , it works pretty well .
Ghost in the Shell is a terrible Ghost in the Shell movie . But it 's a great Scarlett Johansson movie .
It serves as a passable bit of movie fare , that feels like it time travelled from the '90s and picked up some lavish special effects on the way , but never seems comfortable in its own shell .
By the end of the film , everything 's empty and contrived .
Ghost in the Shell feels hollow nonetheless , due in large part to its overreliance on standard Hollywood tropes .
The depth does n't echo through the entire denouement . At times , the movie is satisfied to simply dazzle the senses with its slick array of computer-assisted action , but even on its own , that 's plenty ... a candy-coloured shell with a film-noir soul .
Johansson emanates a dogged vulnerability that 's supremely human .
Almost shockingly strange , disquieting , melancholic , creepy , and sad . For a big-studio , extremely expensive , bus-stop-and-billboard-advertised piece of mainstream entertainment , it feels astonishingly authentic , and does n't smell mainstream at all .
An author 's film might have to put that authorship into its main star , which , after Under the Skin , Her -LRB- 2013 -RRB- and Lucy -LRB- 2014 -RRB- , seems to be strumming a certain discourse about programmed obsolescence of the human . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
We can thank Marvel 's lack of a Black Widow movie for `` Ghost in the Shell ''
Despite its striking imagery of cultural hybridity , Ghost in the Shell opens a troubling conceptual gulf between 's cyberpunk 's utopian futurism and the nostalgic pragmatism of today 's contemporary blockbusters .
A slick US remake that honours the spirit of the original Japanese franchise but does n't transcend accusations of whitewashing despite a strong central performance from Johansson .
Visually slick but uneven action film is dark , violent .
This visually impressive film from director Rupert Sanders and writers Jamie Moss and William Wheeler , takes time to develop some characters and to explore the concept of humanity beyond just the body and intellect .
Scarlett Johansson is simply too talented for subpar crud like Ghost in the Shell .
Johansson has reinvented herself as a sci-fi specialist in recent years , and is excellent here as the automaton with a troubled soul .
Ultimately , this is the Scar-Jo Show however , and she is as transfixing and potent as ever .
It 's not a bad movie , is just that it never dares to go beyond what it proposes . Maybe because does n't know how , perhaps because they thought the audience was n't smart enough . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A visual delight that needs to be seen in the big screen , and a decent Hollywood adaptation of the 1995 anime classic . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Scarlett Johansson pirouettes her way through a big-budget remake of the classic Japanese animation in a tight beige skinsuit .
A film we know should be better if the story could only resonate with deep thoughts and not venture down the road of the usual action thriller . .
Visually amazing but more care could have been taken with the human side of things : a bit more focus on the ghost , a bit less attention to the shell , if you like .
Sadly , as the plot proceeds , Sanders begins to duck ... bothersome concepts . He picks a more sentimental path , which leads Major , following the example of Jason Bourne , on a quest to discover who she truly is .
Proves lavish but not slavish ... Ghost in the Shell 's balance of old and new story elements achieves more than it might seem .
Scarlett Johansson is the reason to see Ghost In The Shell . She electrifies as this cyber enhanced force against crime who tries desperately to what 's left of the human inside .
Certainly , the film 's futuristic production design is a welcome and constant marvel . However , just another story of robotics melding with humans grows old quickly amidst constant ass-kicking and gloom-and-doom dialogue .
Seeing Johansson lay the smack down all over a futuristic city has a certain appeal , but we 've seen her do that before .
Johansson is terrific as the soulful cyborg and there 's strong support from Binoche , Takeshi Kitano as her shrewd boss and Michael Pitt as a troubled hacker -LRB- are n't they all ? -RRB- , called Kuze .
Peel back the neon and artifice and there is a maze of cancerous concrete , cyborg chop shops and street dealers peddling implant upgrades . It 's a thrillingly sordid world ; I ca n't wait to revisit .
Her outfit sticking to her flesh lecherously , like a Venom costume or an unclothed , vacuum-sealed , cream-coloured Barbie doll , Scarlett Johansson somehow looks both naked - sort of - and fastidiously covered .
A shell without a ghost .
Less tangible than the titular ghost , but it 's a slick and attractive sci-fi/action picture all the same .
For a film that is constantly obsessed with the notion of identity and the soul , Ghost in the Shell is a film lacking personality and spirit
For those willing to make the effort to look beneath its surface dazzle , Ghost in the Shell proves to be an unexpectedly intricate and surprisingly humanistic endeavor .
I want to personally high five every graphic designer and digital artist who pulled extra shifts and worked weekends on this movie .
The unsatisfying storytelling and the fact that we should expect more from this beloved franchise ... makes this somewhat disappointing .
It melds the balletic grace of bullet-time action sequences to the cold steel and funk of a cyber-punk thriller in which the nature of man throws a spanner into the inexhaustible cogs of progress .
It gets bogged down in aesthetics that are stimulating only for the sake of stimulation , seemingly without a flicker of thought behind them . Shell indeed , but there 's no ghost at home .
The problem with this remake lies in a fundamental difference between what this Japanese anime does and what big budgeted Hollywood pictures need to do .
Ghost in the Shell struggles to dig below the surface of its thought-provoking concepts and bring real depth to its striking visuals .
Director Rupert Sanders pulls out all the stops , expertly deploying an eclectic cast and a continual stream of eye-popping visual effects . This helps make up for the surprisingly thin approach to the story 's deeper themes .
A mediocre movie that 's as beautiful as it is #problematic .
Whether Ghost in the Shell 's story is faithful or not , it feels empty , and the final product feels like a missed opportunity .
The movie becomes more relevant than intended ; too bad that it 's too oblivious to do anything about .
A flimsy copy of a copy , one that recreates some of the anime 's set-pieces nearly shot for shot , but then pares away nearly everything else that made the original a classic .
A sci-fi action/adventure with Scarlett Johansson and big-budget effects ought to be a lot more fun than this .
It 's unfortunate , if predictable , that Hollywood found it necessary to almost entirely eliminate deep think in favor of deep action .
Unless you ca n't keep away from Johansson movies and are a fanatic about movie production design , this one is otherwise best left to all those corporate movie boardrooms all over the world , where everyone thought it could n't miss .
An incoherent text can offer profound pleasures ... and getting lost in the onscreen density of the world of Ghost in the Shell is the prime enjoyment .
Scarlett Johansson is becoming - no , at this point it 's safe to say she is - the default Hollywood poster girl for transhumanism .
Ghost in the Shell is visually compelling but tone deaf .
Bland runner : Crime and passion play out in dank , close backstreets redolent of rust , verdant with verdigris , with chains clanking and hoists at the ready around most corners , still black water underfoot , kindly stray dogs on the loose .
It only works up much feeling when it is trying to defend itself against protests that might affect its bottom line . You wo n't be much moved by that either .
Loaded with advanced technology , but it 's in the service of a disappointingly basic plot with few surprises .
There 's no other way for director Rupert Sanders but to take the material very seriously and transform the geeky essence of the narrative into popular entertainment for a global audience . At that level , Ghost In The Shell does n't disappoint .
The tedious ` Ghost in the Shell ' lacks spirit .
To this non-fan , what did I think of it ? Eh , it 's not much of a film . But it 's a pretty darn good trailer for `` Blade Runner 2049 '' coming to theaters this October . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Profanity , Nudity , etc. - also Available -RRB-
As if its disregard for its own story 's world and culture was n't enough , Ghost in the Shell is just terrible ; from its eyestrain-inducing visuals , to its low-rent acting , to some of the most boring action ever framed in a Hollywood film .
Ghost in the Shell is a stupefying failure that 's close to unforgivable , its apparent inability to understand what it gets wrong and why a perplexing mystery even Major herself would n't be able to solve .
Style is substance in Ghost in the Shell , a super slick and utterly empty live-action gloss on the beloved manga .
The stale acting and sluggish storyline weigh the film down like a bionic sloth using dial-up to take a defensive driving course . However , Scarlett Johansson repeatedly does a spot-on impression of a robotic swivel chair .
` Ghost in the Shell ' looks so good that the weak story hardly matters . Production design is the reveal .
Ugly 3D , cheese whiz CG , derivative visuals and plot and white-washed . What 's to like ?
A hot mess of a philosophical cyber-thriller ... Some cool visuals , though .
To its credit , the film is closer in tone and spirit to hard sci-fi like ` Ex Machina ' than an action swashbuckler like ` Guardians of the Galaxy ' .
What 's missing , besides narrative drive , is the existential angst at the anime 's heart : the titular ghost in the shell is the soul , the humanity , resident in the surviving human brain planted in an electric Barbie Doll .
As far as dumb action movies go this is a great-looking one , but it should have been so much more .
Splendid-looking but otherwise dreadful
The live-action adaptation is just as forgettable and inconsequential as the anime was memorable and influential .
Bold but flawed .
` All shell , no ghost ' is a low-hanging-fruit diss . It 's also apt .
Sanders and company do a real disservice to Johansson , who does good work in a role in which she should probably never have been cast .
Ghost in the Shell is a largely humourless affair that draws from the usual reference points , not least Blade Runner .
It 's an interesting film to watch . It 's just hard to care about a single thing that 's going on in it .
The primary pleasure of the film resides in its awareness of the impossibilities of unity , whether physical or cultural , within a rapidly transforming global milieu .
At times , Ghost in the Shell is beautiful , even stunning . But these visual pleasures ca n't mask the narrative emptiness .
If its themes seem familiar , it 's because we 've seen them -- now -- many times before . And just recently , even HBO 's Westworld beat this remake , and a lot of its ideas , to the draw .
Dazzling . Bloodless . Sexless .
You want to forgive it just because it looks so good . And you can , to a point . But like those holographic giants towering above the city , it 's mostly just digital noise , visually impressive , but soulless .
Scarlett Johansson is perfectly cast in this visually sumptuous sci-fi thriller .
If Sanders is copying , at least he 's copying from the best , and the new Ghost looks phenomenal , with more intricate and ornate design than anything in the 1995 movie .
Exudes a gleeful , slightly teenage fervour for glittering shards and urban decay , sweeping camera moves and punchy comic book close ups .
The city is a welcome distraction in Ghost in the Shell that almost , but not quite , justifies the movie 's existence .
By transferring the spirit or `` ghost '' of the original Ghost in the Shell into a broader , crowd-pleasing frame , some of what it stood for was definitely lost . But not all of it .
The effects are fascinating for half an hour . The story is fascinating for like 5-minutes .
Ghost in the Shell is a gorgeous misfire , full of beautiful imagery but a dull story .
It loses the story and characters in a barrage of visual effects and shoot-outs .
With its killer-robot geishas , Godzilla-size hologram ads and nearly nude fighting gear , it 's a cyberpunk wonderland - but there is n't much ghost left in this smokin ' hot shell .
Johansson tries hard to make Major seem sad and tragic , but the whole thing is so incoherent , chilly and almost anti-emotional that it 's tough to feel anything much .
Despite a few shot-for-shot homages to the 1995 movie , the set pieces and fight choreography do n't surpass what 's been in big-budget action movies .
There are few young actors more interesting to watch quietly grappling with what the hell it means to be human .
You can detect a flicker - one might even say a ghost - of an interesting idea beneath its polished shell . But at every turn , Ghost in the Shell sacrifices the opportunity to actually say something interesting .
Do n't go expecting a masterpiece but with this reverential nod to its heritage and a bloody amazing visual treat - you 'll have a rollocking good time .
An enjoyable slice of style over content .
This iteration of Ghost in the Shell works as a solid franchise starter , one that reconfirms Johansson 's status as a bona fide blockbuster star deserving of such headline roles .
Ghost in the Shell manages to capture the spirit of the source material with stunning visuals but the major problems lie in the tonality and pacing of the film from which are the film 's demise .
Ghost In The Shell is a sleek , futuristic , action-packed thriller and an undeniable visual feast but the clunky dialogue and stiff performances make this feel all a little soulless .
The genius of Ghost in the Shell is that you do n't have to care about cyborg-anything to enjoy it . In fact , you 'll probably enjoy it more that way .
Johansson 's Kubrickian performance and the technical precision of the camera make its artifice seem almost haunting .
Just about every scene in Ghost in the Shell is a visual wonder to behold -- and you 'll have ample to time to soak in all that background eye candy , because the plot machinations and the action in the foreground are largely of the ho-hum retread variety .
-LSB- A -RSB- visually cluttered yet often disappointingly drab movie .
If you 're familiar with the original Ghost In The Shell , either as manga or anime form , I do n't think this will work for you . The source material haunts it like an unquiet spirit .
Low on ghost ; big on shell -- Ghost in the Shell is eminently forgettable but often fantastic to look at .
The world is populated by blandly one-dimensional characters . Evil is perpetrated by our old friend , Corporate Evil Man -- yes , still -- and everyone communicates via dialogue so stilted and ham-fisted it makes you die inside a little .
When stone-faced Japanese actor `` Beat '' Takeshi Kitano is the most human element in your movie , something 's wildly wrong .
Flashy visuals abound in Ghost in the Shell , a live-action adaptation of the classic Japanese manga title that expands the story 's global reach but contracts its big ideas .
The new Ghost in the Shell is a lot more coherent than the old one . Both a nightmarish body horror-movie and a hard-boiled conspiracy thriller , it slots in plenty of images and scenes from the anime , while forging a narrative of its own
Not a single shot goes by that does n't make you gape in astonishment .
Technically proficient but in desperate need of some personality .
`` We cling to memories as if they define us , but they do n't . What we do is what defines us . '' Discuss this oft-repeated line from Ghost in the Shell , with reference to Scarlett Johansson 's digitally corrupted memories .
It 's a movie that would like credit for being deep and thoughtful when it 's clearly just an empty shell .
Do people even have selves ? Are identities and souls just a bunch of clichés spun out by teams of screenwriters ? If these questions interest you , do yourself a favor and watch the 1995 original movie .
Ghost in the Shell is a movie that could have been a clean sweep , but the only elements that work are those that are directly taken from the 1995 and 2004 iterations , and even they are twisted into meaninglessness .
The casting is n't the most tone deaf thing about the film - the script is . Though Ghost in the Shell purports to be a movie about identity , it advocates for the complete erasure of it .
The great irony of the film is that while its plot is all about the search for soul , Ghost In The Shell is all style , no soul - or , rather , all shell , no ghost .
With echoes of The Matrix , RoboCop and Total Recall , Ghost in the Shell feels that bit too familiar and the narrative never keeps pace with the action and special effects .
It 's somehow only fitting that with Scarlett Johansson in the lead role , `` Ghost in the Shell '' leaves you with the feeling that something has been lost in translation .
An inert , insulting appropriation of what is one of the 20th century 's most influential works of pop art .
Your head might not be spinning as you exit the theater , but your senses will be deeply and thoroughly ravished .
Casting saves the movie , notwithstanding the thorny issue of cultural appropriation .
Like its sleek , cybernetic protagonist , it 's haunted by a fundamental defect -- a bug in the system -- that ca n't be dispelled , that does n't pass , despite the considerable cyberpunk splendor of Sanders ' eye-popping visual feast .
`` Ghost in the Shell '' sidesteps questions of humanity and the effect of technology on the human spirit and opts instead for boilerplate sci-fi spectacle , eschewing existentialism for predictable plot and the glittery trappings of its 21st-century carapace .
There is some food for thought in this iteration , but by the time Hanka 's CEO rolls out the spider-tank -LRB- pretty much what you 'd imagine -RRB- , it 's clear that this ambitious effort has become a shell game with too much shell and not nearly enough ghost .
On a meta level , -LSB- it -RSB- almost analyzes itself . Here we have a heartless corporation literally erasing a young woman 's identity to use her to its own ends , replacing all signifiers of her born heritage , including her name , with blankness - with whiteness .
Director Rupert Sanders has crafted a special effects wonder that will melt your eyeballs . If only the plot of Ghost in the Shell was on par with the technical achievement .
Years in the making , Ghost in the Shell is an expensive , carefully calculated , corporate version of a manga that was anything but .
The deep-dive mythologies and intriguing moral quandaries raised by the script are n't so much explored as exploded in a flurry of high-gloss action sequences and vaguely deep koan-of-the-day dialogue .
A bloated , bombastic and ultimately vacuous orgy of mayhem that-if you 'll permit a play on its heroine 's title-proves a Major disappointment .
Judged on its own terms , Ghost in the Shell is stylish but unoriginal ; an acceptable sci-fi blockbuster . As a remake of an iconic film , it 's startlingly unnecessary .
This is a thoughtful movie that 's interesting now and will probably still be interesting in 100 years , whichever way things go .
`` Ghost in the Shell '' owes a great deal to previous incarnations of the material , including the 1995 animated feature . But it actually feels like an organic entity , which is an odd thing to say about a movie about robots and humans with robotic upgrades .
Attempting to be complex and morally serious while presenting shallow characters in a familiar artificial universe , `` Ghost in the Shell '' is as mopey as its haunted central character .
Despite the beautiful eye-popping world it creates , the sci-fi film Ghost in the Shell is a defective mess with lifeless characters , missed chances for thematic exploration and a minefield of political incorrectness .
Despite interesting visuals , GHOST IN THE SHELL is a hollow bore .
Culture critiques do a disservice to the film 's much more pressing problems : being often boring and playing wholly like a disappointment .
Perhaps die-hard source material fanatics will be able to squeeze more out of the viewing experience , but it does n't take an expert to identify Sanders as an inferior storyteller , more attentive to pixels than people .
Nominal questions about the true nature of The Major are stand-ins for bigger themes -- technological intrusion into the human realm , and whether a line can even be drawn between humans and the technology we create .
The filmmakers ... have put all their chips on the aesthetic . It 's exhausting to watch them curate what parts of the story 's Japanese origin are worth keeping and which can be discarded .
Ghost In The Shell begins with such minimal promise , only to repeatedly stumble over its own murky intentions until finally going full American-appropriation in the worst way .
Occasionally gripping - its opening sequence ripped straight out of the anime - ` Ghost ' is visually arresting and action-packed , but far too often the movie dips into a lukewarm flaccidness .
Johansson 's star power all but vanishes in this jumble of science-fiction cliches .
Sanders and his visual effects team leave no sky un-soared , no scenic netherworld un-travelled , and no opportunity unexplored for vivid workouts of colour , texture and kinesis . Even the actors get moments to be memorable .
Often visually stunning and with intriguing questions about where humanity ends and robotics begins at its heart , it nevertheless devolves into a generic action movie .
It 's inevitable that this remake , like the Major herself , will be spooked by echoes of the past . But perhaps it 's appropriate for a film about the fluidity of identity that this `` Ghost in the Shell '' is a very satisfying simulation of the original .
`` Ghost in the Shell '' travels on a straight , narrow , oft-mediocre line , escalating tension negligible as Scarlett Johansson tries , and frequently succeeds in , rising above the murky fray .
Fans of the original comics should appreciate how faithful it remains to them . It 's a very pretty movie that pulls you into this futuristic world .
A glittering , action-packed spectacle ... making you hope that more is on its way .
Ghost in the Shell is a stunning , faithful adaptation of Mamoru Oshii 's classic film , while admittedly not as psychologically appealing .
Purists worried about Hollywood dumbing down the 1995 anime can relax . Sanders ' live-action version is remarkably faithful . And Johansson is on terrific form .
The live action Ghost In The Shell is pretty much still anime . Only now the tools of animation make it look photoreal . That , in turn , makes this cyberpunk even more surreal than watching two dimensional drawings .
It 's a gorgeous copy of an original , but a safe copy all the same -- a careful , calculated Bland Runner . But every so often , like the glitches in a computer program , something real , or surreal , breaks through .
If not essential then at least not not essential .
The live-action interpretation of the iconic anime Ghost in the Shell is kind of like Blade Runner , if Harrison Ford ran around in a skin-tight unitard .
Through its treatment of its franchise 's history , the movie succeeds in some ways -- and crucially fails in others .
The story stumbles in the third act and does n't fully bring its talking points to a satisfying conclusion , but Ghost in the Shell 's successes outshadow its problems .
All things considered , Ghost in the Shell has been one of the most pleasantly surprising films of the year thus far .
Sanders ' film is impressive enough on its `` own , '' or at least as impressive as a commercially-minded , committee-driven bastardisation of an iconic text might hope to be .
Ghost in the Shell is visually gorgeous , as it conjures up a futuristic world resembling outings such as The Matrix and Blade Runner .
An unnecessary remake , way below the original , and it would n't make a difference if it did n't exist . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Visually impressive and with a solid central performance , it 's the soul-deep melancholy that animated the original that this version lacks .
If the visual aesthetic is the most important element when it comes to cinema , then Ghost in the Shell is a masterpiece
Only has surface-level entertainment to offer . It 's some surface to behold though ...
Ghost In The Shell certainly is n't dire , but it is dull .
For all the visual quality , it 's let down by story .
A hard working Scarlett Johansson stands at the centre of the spectacular visuals , but even the Avengers star ca n't bring the soulless storytelling to boil .
Its bluntness at times means Ghost in the Shell probably wo n't go down as a classic , but it does keep the cogs turning and if the ticket sales warrant it , there 's ample scope for a sequel to flesh out this fast and furious fembot .
All the stunning frames and gorgeous layers of soundtrack in the world are n't going to conceal that director Rupert Sanders really has n't got much to offer except a bunch of updated ideas nicked from the Ridley Scott playbook .
Ghost in the Shell carries a philosophical message alongside its slam-bang action and infinite arsenal of computerised effects . In Blade Runner style , it poses the large philosophical question of where technology ends and human consciousness begins .
The intensely immersive and detailed production design of the film -- particularly its spellbinding way of depicting cityscapes of the not-too-distant future -- makes this one of the most visually significant releases of recent times .
Ghost In The Shell might not stack up plot-wise but what it does reinforce is Scarlett Johansson 's status as one of the great stars of her era .
A nuanced , philosophical and evocative blockbuster .
You might balk at the over-simplification of the original 's complex morality and shocking violence . In the same breath , you 're just as likely to applaud the wise decision to carefully reconstruct the source material 's most iconic , unforgettable moments .
Utterly , unquestionably gorgeous to look at , but at heart a fairly bog-standard futuristic action movie , GITS is all Shell with barely a Ghost of anything inside .
Barnstorming futuristic action , incredible production design and visual effects -LRB- very striking in 3D -RRB- , and Scarlett Johansson as the cyberpunk / goddess in existential crisis , what 's not to like ?
Trite characters , very well-worn clichés of SF cinema , and a mystery that is completely transparent . All about production design , and even that is familiar .
Why , given that Sexy Fighting Robot Lady , has a Barbie body , does she bother with underpants and clothes in some scenes but not in others ? Do Donald Duck rules apply ?
Not the most original film you 'll see this year , but Ghost in the Shell 's visually stunning sci-fi world demands to be seen on the big screen .
So heavily derivative it does n't feel like anything new , and there 's little depth beneath that slick surface . But it 's solid and attractive , at least , with a retro appeal to its cyberpunk stylings .
No amount of whispered , meaningful monologue can hoodwink the viewer into believing that this movie is anything more than an shapely , empty vessel with delusions of existential sci-fi grandeur .
Johansson is always convincing as the robot Major ... Her acting style is just elusive or unreadable enough to make her plausible here .
Purely for a visual standpoint , Ghost in the Shell is a thing of absolute beauty .
It 's the shiniest of kit ; whether the emotions are stirred is another matter .
For Johansson , this could easily be a franchise in the making , her own futuristic , post-human equivalent of a John Wick or Bourne .
A here-and-now valentine to what design wizardry Hollywood can pull off in 2017 . At the same time , it does so in service of a tired tale full of repurposed visual tricks , storytelling clichés and big-studio concessions .
Even though there 's an enormous amount to look at and digest , little of this film is truly memorable or thought-provoking .
A heavily computer-generated enterprise with more body than brains , more visuals than ideas , as if the original movie 's hard drive had been wiped clean of all that was dark , poetic and mystifying .
Led by a resolute Scarlett Johansson , Rupert Sanders ' pulse-quickening , formally stunning live-action take on the manga classic both honors and streamlines its source .

@highlight

Ghost in the Shell boasts cool visuals and a compelling central performance from Scarlett Johansson , but the end result lacks the magic of the movie 's classic source material .