... Des hommes et des dieux shows certain undeniable affinities to Rossellini ...
-LSB- Of Gods and Men -RSB- explores the spiritual anatomy of a community of Christians whose love is tested by imminent violence .
Both the scenery and performances in Beauvois ' film are impressive , but its downfall is mistakenly believing that the power of God is more inspiring than the power of men .
Quietly compelling , if not as emotional as you might have hoped
Beauvois shows respect for all of the characters and cultures involved -- the monks , the community they served , even the enemies that the monks remembered in their prayers .
Una película dura , hermosa y conmovedora sobre un episodio trágico que fue , ante todo , un acto de sacrificio y resistencia ante la violencia y el miedo . Desde ya , una de las fundamentales del año .
Of Gods and Men has a slow , introspective quality that gives the viewer plenty of time to mull over the monks ' quandary , but it also has a feeling of constant dread .
In a world in which faith and ignorance are often yoked together , Of Gods and Men lifts faith from just the throbbing heart to the thinking mind as well .
Alternately harrowing and humbling , this is a story of ordinary men whose compassion is tested in the cruelest , most profound fashion .
A deeply moving and profoundly beautiful film about a group of monks working in the mountains of Algeria who are faced with the most difficult personal and collective decisions when the country erupts in brutal civil-war
Beauvois takes his time limning the daily rhythms of the monastery , lingering on its most lyrical and sensuous moments , so that when violence finally reaches its gates the effect is all the more chilling .
Confirms without really challenging our readily held beliefs about the nobility of selflessness and sacrifice .
... as powerful a film you 'll ever see about faith , commitment and the courage of one 's convictions .
I was stirred by the emotions expressed in this film-and the wonderful performances of its cast . Filmmaker Beauvois chose great faces , as well as great actors , to bring these characters to life , and they manage to convey an enormous amount with very ...
A wonderfully humanist film about a tragic story .
... a movie that made me sad and proud to be human , to belong to a species capable of such cruelty and such kindness , and possessed of the power to choose to love those who hate us , and to die with peace in our hearts as the world burns down .
More than anything , we come away remembering the monks ' frightened-to-serene faces ... and the sublime music .
Monks ' faith is tested by religious extremists next door
It is a thoughtful film , a serious one , and one that is sneakily affecting .
One of those increasingly rare things in modern cinema -- a deeply-felt , powerful film about religious faith that has no interest in peddling the gospel to the viewer .
Slow moving but gripping true story based on a terrorist incident of religious violence that shook up the French in 1996 .
Audiences will be spiritually moved by the beautiful voices singing the liturgical Gregorian chants . The cinematography is outstanding , capturing the natural beauty of the surroundings .
The movie warns against rash judgments , harmful hate mongering and ugly stereotyping -- a film ultimately as much about Rush Limbaugh and his ilk as it is about Osama bin Laden and his .
I ca n't recall the last film that so wholly , honestly and movingly explained what it means to be a Christian .
The rare movie that treats religious commitment with respect and regards nonviolence as a legitimate , honorable response to brutality ...
It 's an attempt to capture the essence of monasticism : self-sacrifice , introspection , obedience and achingly lovely moments of quiet brotherhood .
Uma obra comovente e respeitosa que faz jus aos homens que a inspiraram .
Fascinating and affecting .
The film , directed by Xavier Beauvois , moves back and forth between the monks doing their daily chores and the decisions they must face as a group .
For a nation that swears by its Christianity , it amazes me how frugally that righteousness is wielded . ... Beauvois reminds us of those who see their faith as a reason to serve , as a calling to embrace mankind in all its flawed grandeur .
Beautifully expressed and measured , Men seizes a tumultuous state of mind with captivating cinematic control , making flashes of resistance and companionship all the more heartfelt and devastating .
Some nice performances , but the sad , harsh truth is that two hours spent inside a Trappist monastery turns out to be achingly dull .
There are numerous sequences of tremendous emotional power here , none more so than one in which the monks gather together to sing an ancient Gregorian chant as an Algerian Army helicopter gunship hovers threateningly overhead .
When you think of monks , you might think of martyrdom , fresh baked bread , 24/7 hoodies , unrelenting devotion or Tony Shaloub . Well , what about balls and bravery ?
Forgive me , Father , for I was bored .
Beauvois provides an illuminating look at life inside the monastery .
It is a portrait of the healing power of faith and community that also demonstrates its powerlessness and futility in the face of well-armed fanaticism .
One of the best films I 've seen this year is also one of the most unusual I 've encountered in a long , long time . While it 's inspired by a true story , it deals with something ...
That almost unheard-of film that you do not judge -- it judges you .
... a deeply moving docudrama based on a true story which uses music in provocative ways .
This is really a story of finding peace and purpose in a chaotic world .
The camera barely moves , and most of the scenes are lit by whatever light happened to be available , which helps `` Of Gods and Men '' achieve a feel that is as pure and plain as its characters ...
One of the few pictures to take religious belief seriously without getting maudlin or sanctimonious about it ... Stark and unsentimental , it 's a quietly powerful piece that encourages reflection rather than tears .
Beauvois ' camera is watchful and unobtrusive , panning the monastery and its spartan rooms , documenting the brothers ' quotidian tasks , but also the modest ritual , the beauty , the illumination .
The air that `` Of Gods and Men '' breathes is so clean and so cold that it feels like a fresh beginning .
`` Of Gods and Men '' is a quiet , austere film that is more electrifying than a dozen action movies .
By largely limiting the action to the monks ' ascetic daily lives , Beauvois helps the their musing become the audience 's own .
... quiet , unassuming and honest about the very difficult decision of putting your spiritual principles before your physical life .
A beautifully filmed story of self-sacrifice . However , if you want flashy dialogue , do not invite Monks to the party .
Director Xavier Beauvois keeps the drama hushed and expectant as the monks themselves .
A really strong , really well put together , intense , B film in a monk 's habit .
... leaves you with both a feeling of hope and of sadness . The hope is that such men of pious faith exist . The sadness is that there are so few such people .
A ponderous crowd-pleaser with stray moments of grave beauty
Loses some power by letting the central debate fizzle out ... but rallies in the end with an eloquent post-climactic testament by Christian , an attempt to respond rationally to the irrational .
The moral and spiritual dilemma at the foundation of Xavier Beauvois 's award-winning Of Gods and Men is a fascinating one that drives this complex drama in a way that sears it into memory .
I found myself resisting the film 's pull of easy emotion . There are fundamental questions here , and the film does n't engage them .
The monks do n't speak their minds often , but when they do , the actors infuse their utterances with bottomless grace and humility yet very human dread and doubt .
This is a beautiful film , full of gray - and white-haired men who grow in stature before our eyes .
Beauvois tells the story he wants to beautifully , and it 's a success in that it shows us a depiction of the monks that does n't feel exploitative , but he seems to equate austere minimalism with depth .
The climax is both misty and unforgettable : a sacrifice that looks like a ghost story .
a succinct , heart-wrenching distillation of why confusing religion with politics by the ignorant and the cynical , have made darkness
One of the most austerely beautiful movies about the monastic life that I 've ever seen .
A transfixing meditation on religious conviction , post-colonial strife and the force of actors who elevate every gesture to a loftier domain .
The problem is that a whiff of saintliness envelops the Cistercian monks right from the start .
Beauvois channels the pace of the monks ' life , which is both his film 's strength and its weakness .
Considering the movie is based on the real-life murder of these monks 15 years ago in Algeria during the civil war , it is a calming and spectacularly life-affirming picture .
Begins and ends as a testament not to God but to brotherhood , and as a portrait not of war 's violence but of love 's endurance .
Poignant , haunting and profound with thoroughly captivating performances . It 's one of the most powerful and unforgettable films of the year .
Sensitively written and directed ... bears similarities in plot and tone to 1986 's `` The Mission . '' The cast is exceptional .
Of Gods And Men takes a subtle , respectful approach to the material , adopting the pace and rhythm of monastic life .
Just as the monks live an austere , thoughtful life , Beauvois ' direction is low-key and reflective .
Of Gods and Men , a transcendent drama of uplift and inspiration , reveals the cavernous divide between heaven and Earth .
Both a moving , almost abstract parable of faith and an all too real episode drawn from recent history .
Austere yet provocative , this is not only a film about faith , it also has faith that the power generated by complex moral decisions can be as unstoppable as any runaway locomotive .
a lacerating elegy
Beautiful , somber and rigorously intelligent .
Be prepared to be shaken .
In spite of its subject matter , the film has a scant feeling for spirituality , which mainly surfaces in the monks ' fatalist hymns . Beauvois admires the monks ' steadfastness , but does n't seem to understand it .
... perfect Best Foreign-language Film Oscar bait , offering viewers a frisson of spirituality with none of the demands of actually believing in a creed .
Of Gods and Men is that rarest of films : an illuminating , pro-religious meditation on faith and courage in the face of certain death .
Gravely serene and suffused with tenderness , Of Gods and Men takes the simple , profound stand that how a person of faith lives matters more than the circumstances of his death .
Beauvois deliberately avoids Nationalist reproach , seeking commiseration that goes deeper than the acquiescence for which French liberals are typically known .
French monks face evil and their own decisions in the first truly brilliant film of 2011 .
Beauvois never loses sight of the monks ' interconnectedness-what affects one inevitably affects the others .
A taut drama of bravery among the monks .
A sublime bit of filmmaking that explores faith and history without the pandering that often comes with the former and the Hollywood clichés that normally comes with the latter .
Contemplative as it means to be , Of Gods and Men is not without generic excitement .
-LSB- VIDEO -RSB- `` Of Gods & Men '' is a chamber piece tragedy trapped in a bubble of naive optimism . A little cynicism could have gone a long way .
A deeply human and spiritually enlightening French film about the mission of seven Catholic monks serving a poor Muslim community in Algeria . One of the best films ever made about Christian life !
Agonizingly long and slow .
My question is not so much the reason why the film was made , but how in the world did anybody get someone to finance something like this ?
Masterfully directed by Xavier Beauvois .
Rather than serving up a historical film inflated with importance and flash , Beauvois keeps things hushed and spare , adopting a style that reflects the ritualized lifestyle of his characters .
This is a deeply humane and compassionate film , frightening because we know the probable outcome but moving because it tells us , often in the quietest detail , what basic decency and goodness really means .
It 's a remarkable tale of bravery , tolerance and self-sacrifice , made all the more powerful by the understated lyricism of Beauvois 's compositions and the steely , naturalistic performances of the cast
It 's spare and meditative in that way that one viewer responds to as profound artistry , while his neighbour -LRB- that would be me -RRB- feels shushed into submission , and almost guilty for questioning its tactics .
Of Gods and Men strives for simplicity ; cinema is usually about dynamism , attraction , ego , but this movie concerns the renunciation of these things , in art and life . But it is also about the question of how to act when this life is violently challenged .
It is not often we are swept up , even exalted , by earnest simplicity .
Moves at its own pace , luring you in before delivering an ice-cold hammer-blow of an ending .
Some viewers might find the pacing over-deliberate , but it 's clearly part of the film 's plan to immerse us in these lives of devotion , and it works beautifully .
-LSB- A -RSB- quietly powerful drama ...
Beautifully acted by its ensemble cast -LRB- especially Lambert Wilson and Michael Lonsdale -RRB- , it immerses us in its subjects ' rituals , everyday tasks and spiritual dilemmas .
The way it dramatises anxieties , expressed and unexpressed , is enthralling and quietly provocative ...
Xavier Beauvois 's Cannes winner is a spellbinder drama about courage and faith and a fascinating take on global extremism .
Of Gods and Men can be a little heavy-handed in its storytelling at times , but the confident direction and strong performances ensure it is an absorbing experience , and the beautiful final shot ends the film on a haunting note .
Inspired by a true story set in 1996 , this spiritual meditation on conscience , religion , and values is intriguing , haunting and relevant in todaly 's world of turbulent politics of religion ; it should be a frontrunner for the 2010 foreign-lingo Oscar .
full review at Movies for the Masses
Incredibly moving
I thought the depth of field was amazing .
Breaking up its quiet , contemplative tone with occasional fevered outbursts of activity , Of Gods and Men maintains a tension borne of uncertainty while paying proper respect to the hushed , unhurried lifestyle of the monks .
-LSB- A -RSB- moving , elegantly made spiritual docudrama .
The movie has a mournful electricity , as we come to realize it 's about accepting the inevitable .
A superb and austere drama in French and Arabic ...


@highlight

Patient and restrained , Of Gods and Men asks deep , profound questions that will linger in the audience 's mind long after the movie .