As for young master Bettany , his Nicholas never managed to convince at all . His priest was insufficiently Godfearing , his adulterer not lusty enough , his actor too facile , and his detective too forensic .
A strong screenplay coupled with an interesting cinematic structure and great images make this an engaging film with tension and texture
It 's a shame the story 's such a stinker , because this is one great-looking movie .
-LSB- It 's -RSB- a film with a lot on its mind -- perhaps too much . ... As it is , philosophical dilemmas spread through the film like a plague until they finally claim its life .
It 's disappointing that The Reckoning devolves into a costumed murder mystery a la Jean-Jacques Annaud 's 1986 film of Umberto Eco 's The Name of the Rose .
Although raising intriguing questions about the moral obligation dramatists have to throw a spotlight on taboo subjects , The Reckoning offers simplistic solutions .
Builds cleverly as the mystery deepens , then struggles to bring it all to a conclusion .
A well-done murder mystery .
Wraps itself around Bettany 's guilty secrets like a hot-water bottle , leaving more interesting characters in the moral cold
A multilayered snapshot of a decayed and disintegrating feudal system that richly develops themes and characters with an eerie modern resonance .
It is , despite the distractions , just a simple murder story , and the revelations in the end are hardly surprising or noteworthy .
As an existential awakening into the light and triumph of rational thought over superstition , it 's an engaging film , but as a murder mystery it plods along as though weighted down by the heavens and more .
A challenging and thought-provoking film .
... the premise and setting that are intriguing , but the obvious foreshadowing and labored attempt to slowly unravel the facts surrounding the plot are drawbacks .
All that black , combined with the mundanity of the second act , induces us to close our eyes .
May be as dreary and hopeless as the Middle Ages themselves .
The interesting insights give way to undercover constables , and gut-spilling villains
Collapses under the weight of unlikely melodrama and over-pretty visual flourishes ...
It 's as if the filmmakers had a 14th-century audience in mind , one that had never seen a movie .
It 's nothing new to see a film that is better in concept than execution , or a film that wastes a talented cast . Sadly , The Reckoning does both .
That rare period drama that enlivens a historical era rather than feeling mired in it .
A fascinating , dark mystery that echoes aspects of The Name of the Rose and TV 's Cadfael .
After a first hour slowed by exposition and a good deal of extraneous subplot development , the story catches fire in the second hour and keeps you engrossed .
It 's not Shakespeare in Love , and it really has no third act , but there 's wonder in the scenes of theatrical invention , of theater being made up on the spot , a play in the making .
A thoughtful , clever and well-acted diversion .
An ambitious , energetic and wholly satisfying movie about the dawn of dramatic and personal freedom and much more .
A whored-up take on In the Name of the Rose , itself no fresh Irish rose , come to think of it .
Less interesting than preposterous .
-LRB- Why would -RRB- the people of this village ... pay to see the still-fresh horror of a child 's brutal murder fictionalized for them like some Middle-Ages Movie of the Week ?
The play 's the thing in this classy crime thriller .
The story tumbles awkwardly .
Celebrates the craft of acting both in its story and in fine performances by Paul Bettany , Willem Dafoe and Brian Cox .
Once the actors set up shop , and Nicholas gets obsessively involved in proving Martha 's innocence , melodrama and ponderousness encroach .
The filmmakers expertly capture the 14th century in wrenching detail , all its bleakness and misery , down to the dirt-caked fingernails of peasants and priests alike .
It 's made with seriousness , intelligence and craft , and filmgoers who are n't put off by the slow pace of life in 1380 should see it .
As ` The Reckoning ' shifts from being a simple period drama to a whodunit thriller , it actually loses energy .
The mystery is never very compelling , Paul McGuigan 's direction tends to be obvious and flat , many of the characters are stagy and unconvincing .
Sustains an appropriate pacing for what is , after all , not an action flick , but , rather , in the tradition of the historical epic .
Basically , it 's Law & Order : Medieval Victims Unit .
An ambitious but ineptly plotted British import that attempts to fuse The Seventh Seal with a period whodunit like The Name of the Rose .
One big , unsatisfying , sloppily edited mess .
Has its flaws , among them a certain self-righteousness and a complicated storyline , but it is never less than gripping thanks to its gifted international cast .
A suspenseless amateur-sleuth movie .
Lacks the bare , postmodern octane and sexual primitivism of Jean-Claude Brisseau 's brilliant Secret Things .
Moving , gripping , and powerful , suspenseful , stylish , and literate .
... impressive visually but completely dull storywise .
Carries too heavy a burden to succeed as the trifle it really is .
The Name of the Rose this ai n't .
The first hour is perfect . The rest is a mess .
Overstuffed and , in its own way , preachy .
The Reckoning has just a little too much of the whodunit and the thriller and not enough of the temper of its clash between cultures , but it works , maybe because the simplicity of the underlying plot is masked by the oddness of the characters .
A listless avenger drama .
Paul Bettany and Wuillem Dafoe make this often dreary middle age whodunit worth watching .
... makes dull , pretentious work out of provocative material .
It 's not a particularly successful film , but it is a lovely and well acted one .
The fascinating issue of the secularization of theatre is reduced to mere whodunnit pretext .
Overwrought , overdirected and overly silly .
What had been an intriguing , character-driven narrative steeped in gritty period detail like The Name of the Rose degenerates into the art-house cinema equivalent of C.S.I. , without that series ' narrative drive and economy .
Director McGuigan does n't show much interest in tempo or character development , and the pace is numbing .
An intriguing misfire , with heavy-handed direction threatening to obscure the efforts of a gifted cast .
The central conceit of ` let 's save lives by putting on a play ' seems not only artificial , but also hollow .
Belongs to an impressive breed of suspense thriller that wrings tension not from gunfights or explosions , but from examining issues of personal integrity and morality .
Life certainly was harder back in the 14th centurty , dirtier too . The story , however , based on Barry Unsworth 's novel `` Morality Play '' is not so interesting .
gets bogged down in the final reckoning
The Reckoning is uneven sometimes , it 's implausible , but I admire the chances it takes and I liked its bold heart .
Beneath the ill-fitting title lies an intriguing if flawed medieval murder mystery .
An intriguing mix of the familiar and the alien .
Top-notch cinematography and set design that perfectly capture a hardscrabble medieval milieu , along with artful but sluggish direction by Paul McGuigan , make this a superficially faultless production that somehow lacks juice .
Has so many ideas working in it that they all but suffocate its thin plot .
Everything in this film is spelled out to the point of tedium .
Offers nothing better than mob justice as an answer to the quandaries it presents , and an able cast , looking out of place in the Middle Ages , ca n't do much of anything with the material .
-LSB- A -RSB- terrific little film , a very contemporary-feeling detective story set amongst the squalor and the misery of the middle ages ...
A comparably lively wrap-up comes maybe 100 minutes in , which is mighty late for an already near-quaint drama to be getting its jump-start .
A serial-killer movie without a car chase , a wise older cop , a pounding electronic score or even Ashley Judd . Apparently , miracles do happen .
Fine cast delivers the goods , but the murkiness is thick and finally overpowering .
For its first hour or so , the story moves at a steady clip , generating enough mystery to keep you guessing and enough atmosphere to keep you interested .
While the basic idea of this really old-school detective story seems admirable , the plot and the period just do n't jibe .
A medieval thriller whose moral themes have great relevance to the crimes of today 's rich and the powerful who see themselves as being beyond the reach of the law .
A murder mystery becomes the catalyst for a showdown between truth and art , but while both triumph in the end , there is no mystery to the murder
A talky , sententious affair .
The story never gathers much dramatic momentum despite an impressive cast and a lot of dank Middle Ages atmosphere .
Proceeds with such leaden literal-mindedness that it never seems more than a stodgy -LRB- and , at times , blatantly silly -RRB- paperback affair .
Scottish director Paul McGuigan is fast approaching Baz Luhrmann status in the wasteland of stylistic braggadocio .
Dafoe makes Martin 's role as head of the company as naturalistic as that of any contemporary SoHo creative director .
Emphatically acted , ponderous , and ultimately a little silly .
In the final reckoning , this modern version of a medieval morality play , with its fine surface but problematic plot , proves more impressive for its body than its soul .
A dark , compelling story with a segment that does n't quite fit the period piece , but the costumes , make-up , and overall tone brings the dark ages to life .



@highlight

A talky , ponderous movie .