No pretense , no delusions , just slick , basic stalk & shock mayhem with a 3-D coating that works unexpectedly well .
As a slasher fanatic , this more than satisfied my appetite .
Great use of the 3-D format in a better than average horror film .
My Bloody Valentine 3D is as cheap , tacky and throwaway as the plastic glasses that come with it , but for a good old-fashioned Friday night at the movies , it 's damn near unbeatable .
I 'm absolutely convinced that the pickaxe is the ideal weapon for a 3-D horror .
The outrageous amounts of blood 'n' guts directed toward the audience in three-dimensional spatters still make this substandard flick a gorehound 's wet dream .
It 's low-brow entertainment with high-tech execution , and while it 's anything but scary , it IS cheesy , corny , gimmicky , gory fun .
... a consistently underwhelming horror endeavor that seems to exist for no reason other than to serve the current 3D fad ...
If a movie like My Bloody Valentine plays like a dime-store slasher picture , then adding 3D to the proceedings will only make it look like a 3D dime-store slasher picture .
Yes , it 's stupid , ridiculously gory and you might lose brain cells with each passing second -- but you might have some fun watching !
Though it stands as one of the better horror remakes to come along in recent memory , 2009 's My Bloody Valentine still only just passes for competent watchability .
Unfortunately for the victims , that maladjusted miner will grab your heart . While My Bloody Valentine takes gore in a few inventive directions , and it 's not just the living room 3-D .
It 's Scream before Scream , minus the deconstructive verve .
This one-trick , entirely derivative exercise in old-school slasher tropes does n't stretch very far .
Meu desejo era o de que o Mineiro realmente aproveitasse a tecnologia tridimensional e , acabando com meu sofrimento , rasgasse a tela com sua picareta , libertando-me da tortura de acompanhar suas aventuras .
Valentine is not attempting to appeal to highbrows , but its general lack of ambition in the face of both a potentially exciting new technology and a script that suggests a potential emphasis on characterization is rather dispiriting .
It will appeal to slasher fans -LRB- though it 's by no means a standout example of the genre -RRB- and those with a black sense of humour who will no doubt think the in-bred , mean , cheating folks in this town are getting the devil they deserve .
If you 've got a strong stomach , My Bloody Valentine 3D is a definite pleasure ... albeit a guilty one , in the perversely stupid tradition of all good gore films .
Blending ample serves of gore and nudity with a dash of self-awareness , Lussier skilfully uses the 3D format to simulate the perspectives of both predator and victim ...
Though the script is flat and the acting perhaps intentionally stilted , Lussier 's trump card is a distinctive blend of new technology and old-fashioned prosthetic effects .
In a packed auditorium in 3D , the film is a true thrill ride -- a communal experience of shared screams and relieved laughter .
If you like a bloody laugh and you relish the idea of body parts hurtling at you threatening to shower your popcorn with blood , this might be the film for you . Greeted by more guffaws than screams , My Bloody Valentine wears its heart on its pickaxe
One ultimately settles into the usual slasher movie viewing pattern of not so much really watching than simply waiting for the next kill .
undeniably hokey , but also giddily effective , with the 3-D turning what might otherwise be a routine slash-and-hack job into a ridiculously gory theme park ride
It manages a few surprises -- and in a genre as worn-out as this one , a few surprises are all it takes .
It 's a lousy movie all around , but I had a great time watching it .
Without RealD , the new remake of My Bloody Valentine the 1981 Canadian slasher film , probably would n't be worth walking across the street to watch . As it is , though , the movie 's pretty entertaining .
While the story itself is a mixed-bag at best , you have to give it up for the technology , which uses the 3-D platform to such a successful extent , it takes a mediocre movie and turns it into a reasonably fun , camp contender .
Somewhere , Russ Meyer is smiling .
Even by horror movie standards , the characters in My Bloody Valentine 3D rank as among the dopiest folks ever seen on the big screen .
The new remake of My Bloody Valentine was n't screened for the press , which was a mistake ; it 's actually more interesting , more fun and better made than most of the big movies that were screened .
Personally , thanks to that stupid turn of climactic events I think it 's at best okay , and not even a three dimensional pickaxe to the jugular is going to get me to say otherwise .
What really leaps out at you about My Bloody Valentine 3-D is its lack of imagination .
If the imagination and enthusiasm behind the gore effects set it in the top tier of slasher movies , the rest of the film is no better than any of them .
... the best slasher movie in years
Director Patrick Lussier and cinematographer Brian Pearson , with help from production designer Zack Grobler , have managed to make the most effective 3-D movie I 've ever seen .
It 's paint - by-numbers , puritanical kill-the-horny-kids garbage , with the usual graphic impalements offering up a Freudian minefield of vengeful penetrations ... but 3-D sure is a nifty way to polish a turd .
Ultra-gory slasher remake is n't for kids .
Constantly brutal and consistently terrifying . The acting , that is .
The trouble is that after that first gouged eyeball , there 's not a whole lot further to go . Novelty value being a rapidly diminishing thing , the technology demands an escalation in intensity and inventiveness that the movie does n't deliver .
The plot staggers from absurd to ridiculous , and the dialogue is strictly of the ` Look we do n't have to go down there ' variety .
A strange synergy of old and new , My Bloody Valentine 3D blends cutting-edge technology and old-school prosthetics to produce something both familiar and alien : gore you can believe in .
In some ways , the filmmakers have created something too authentic in spirit to the original film , as it also fairly quickly becomes a plodding chore to watch .
Apart from hewing to old-school slasher rules as if they were the Talmud , the braintrusts behind My Bloody Valentine 3-D seem to have concentrated on coming up with things to shake at the audience , from the bloody to the benign , a la SCTV 's Dr. Tongue .
My Bloody Valentine may not be horribly acted , but in a post-Scream and post-Scary Movie era , it 's difficult to squeeze any more blood from this low-brow/high-camp turnip .
The film is strictly by-the-numbers slasher boilerplate . It wo n't endure past the weekend .
Despite a few creative scares , this 3D enhanced horror film never quite delivers on its central gimmick .
Right now with ticket prices sky rocketing , why not see a flick that will keep you cringing and practically feels like an amusement park ride .
-LSB- C -RSB- heat -LSB- s -RSB- at the end . In such a huge way that it 's the most stunningly bad thing about the movie . And it 's not like there 's not a lot of competition for the bad here .
This lowest-common-denominator remake of/sequel to a minor slasher classic succeeds on purely technical terms but , despite the depth effects , it 's a serious snooze .
Sure , the 3-D thing is a gimmick , right along with the gratuitous violence and nudity , but the real surprise is that it 's not a bad horror film , either .
Made for the genre 's fans , this exploitation item delivers the basic goods by applying modernist technology and f/x to a formulaic slasher of the 1980s .
Body parts are lopped off . Pick axes are stabbed at the camera . There 's even a completely naked girl chased by the killer , in glorious 3D . This movie spoke to me .
Parental Content Review
If you 're expecting lots and lots of extreme gore you wo n't be disappointed .
The end credits scroll over a single long tracking shot that goes progressively deeper into a coal mine , and the fact that it 's creepier and more atmospheric than anything preceding it is a sad statement .
Director and co-editor Lussier -LRB- a frequent Wes Craven collaborator -RRB- plays the 3-D gimmick for all its worth .
This is a fun midnight movie .
it works like a blood-spattered charm
Old-school gore , complete with people getting slaughtered while they 're nude , gooey viscera as far as the eye can see and the planting of seeds for a sequel .
It 's a gimmick , but so are horror films and people pay for those , so one supposes some will pay for them in 3D .
Mildly proficient as far as throwbacks go .
It is one of the best times I 've had at a horror movie in years .
My Bloody Valentine is full of everything that makes B-Grade horror great : blood , blood and blood .
Just drab and disposable rather than offensive , a throwback that 's more of a throwaway .
Slasher movies already know how to vary the same gag over and over , which means they can keep the 3-D plate spinning far longer than other , more ` respectable ' genres could .
This is why 3D was invented .
The only reason to see this fairly average horror is its playful use of 3-D technology . Flinch as sharp objects hurtle out of the screen directly towards your eyes ; wince as a supporting cast member gets her head sliced in half by a spade .
The 3D makes for a reasonably fun horror ride ; it 's a dull waste of time otherwise .
it is a vacuous trawl through horror 's more sensationalist tropes ... but that is just another way of saying that this is popcorn cinema at its most unapologetic and unpretentious , guaranteed to delight gorehounds and to bring young lovers closer together .
My Bloody Valentine is best consumed in eye-popping 3-D , as director Lussier delights in putting the audience on the business end of the killer 's pickaxe or at the epicentre of messy eviscerations , and immerses them in the foreboding mine shafts .
I am no fan of slasher films , and I came to this with no expectations - who needs another remake ? - but it won me over in spite of myself .
This is a film that wisely opts for maximum in-your-face splatter and minimal suspense .
Hugely enjoyable , smartly directed slasher flick with decent performances , intriguingly flawed characters and the best 3D horror effects since the heyday of the 1950s .
On some dumb and fundamental level , it delivers the goods in a manner that will no doubt entertain its target audience and will no doubt cause everyone else to either throw up their hands in disgust or merely throw up .
This 2009 update is n't interested in manufacturing a severe facelift , instead holding tight to the dog-eared slasher playbook , adding the gimmick of 3-D to provide audiences with a front row seat to terror , and , for the most part , atrocious acting .
Does n't quite match the original in terms of its overriding eeriness . It does , however , live up to the second word in the title . My Bloody Valentine is a visual blast .
Mindless mayhem all the way .
I 'd love to ramble on about Tom Atkins , to recount all the awesome death scenes , cool homages to the original and such , but this remake is definitely one best seen for yourself -LRB- twice ! -RRB- .
This is an R-rated horror film through and through . My Bloody Valentine is bursting with gory kills and loads of nudity , all delivered in three glorious dimensions .
There 's nothing sweeter that watching a film that knows exactly what it is . At no point does MBV : 3D pretend to be anything but a mindless slasher film straight out of your DVD collection . -LSB- It 's -RSB- is jammed with great kills , loads of gore & plenty of laughs
An in-your-face bit of bloody fun that 's guaranteed to thrill those looking for a gory good time .










@highlight

This gory , senses-assaulting slasher film is an unpretentious , effective mix of old-school horror stylings and modern 3D technology .