Dredd knows its characters and world in a way that many adaptations do not and it blends them together with a not-overly-complicated narrative to deliver one of the best jolt-to-the-brain action movies of the last year .
... a hopelessly misbegotten adaptation that suffers from an almost complete dearth of positive attributes .
Like George Orwell 's 1984 for fans of Jason Statham 's The Transporter
Action junkies should delight in `` Dredd . ''
It 's a good deal wittier than expected from a movie that consists mostly of people getting shot in the face .
There 's something to be said for DREDD 's not taking itself too seriously , and if you do the same , you 'll have a ball watching it .
A tremendously entertaining film that consistently pushes the limits of 3D creativity in a way to seem like the images are leaping straight from the comic book panels .
Dredd is like a gun - not everyone likes them and they 're only good for one thing , but they do that one thing really , really well .
Visually stunning with video game violence , this is Hollywood 's answer to The Raid .
If Hollywood is going to be indicted for making mindlessly violent action films , let them at least be as good as this one .
Lean , mean and luridly violent , sci-fi action thriller Dredd does a much better job of bringing cult comic-book anti-hero Judge Dredd to the screen than the misfiring 1995 Sylvester Stallone version .
`` Dredd '' is non-stop action plus excellent 3D effects peppering an above-average story .
The judges are portrayed pretty uncompromisingly unlike the Stallone flick which tried to tone down the whole Fascist Police State thing .
A very entertaining and blood soaked action science fiction flick ...
The stunningly violent Dredd 3D strips out pretense of satire , a crucial element of the British comic .
Erase your memories of Sly 's bomb with this , director Pete Travis and writer/producer Alex Garland 's lean reboot .
Whether by design or otherwise , Dredd seems better-suited to a 2D home video presentation than to the 3D silver screen .
Tonally one-note , and that note is grim , nihilistic , super-stylized , violent and humorless . But it 's a spectacular technical feat , hugely loyal to its source ... an extremely expensive arthouse action flick for the die-hard crowd .
All gunplay and no guts ... unless you count the brain matter smeared across most of the film .
Far from the mess of the 1995 Sylvester Stallone version - in which they made the mistake of taking the character 's helmet off - this all-new take on the no-nonsense comic book anti-hero is a tightly packed , trapped-in-a-building action blamfest .
Grim , stylish , relentlessly violent - this is the balls-to-the-wall Dredd movie fans have been waiting for .
... Dredd is one of the year 's purest , most gratifying genre films .
Never too ambitious in its storytelling , but consistently impressive in execution , Dredd is an outlier in the vast wasteland of Hollywood 's overproduction-line .
What Dredd lacks in satirical insight - a bizarre oversight , given its dystopian view of America 's east coast - it makes up for in sheer brute force and meat-head violence .
Dredd not only succeeds as a brilliantly accurate adaptation of the decades-old comic book character , it 's also an absolutely blistering and exciting dystopian action movie .
Karl Urban -LRB- he hates it when I call him little bro -RRB- sneers and growls his way through this noir comic book movie as the almost faceless Dredd
... suitably grimy and relentlessly violent .
The Raid meets Zack Snyder meets Robocop
A brutally efficient exercise in B-movie know-how .
Overall , Dredd 3D is n't as rich or as deep as The Dark Knight Rises or The Avengers , but it 's good , solid comic book fun .
If you 're the kind of person who scrunches their nose at heads exploding , people being torn apart and blood spilling like an out-of-control fire hose , you might want to return to reading your copy of '50 Shades ' and leave this one to the professionals .
It 's all good , grisly fun , and as Dredd draws to a close with an inevitable setup for a second instalment , what emerges is a stylish film that celebrates and occasionally transcends its B-Movie origins .
an improvement , to be sure , over the campy excesses of the Stallone incarnation , and yet , it is still all testosterone with no place to go
Enough action to fill multi-movies , but not much else to appeal to audiences .
Fans were horrified when Sylvester Stallone managed to turn the declarative statement `` I am the law ! '' into a hammy punchline . Those same folks will now be delighted to learn that Karl Urban has reclaimed the snatch of dialogue for them .
I may have never seen a nonhorror film as relentlessly , brutally , and crowd-pleasingly violent as this skintight adaptation of the long-running British comic-book character .
It is a great-looking film . It has a kind of gritty realistic quality as well . Judge Dredd also has a kind of admirable rationality , level-headedness and incorruptibility , like a certain well-known Robocop .
A Judge Dredd for the 21st century : humorless , scowling and shot in murky 3-D .
A down-and-dirty hardcore action fest with style and thrills to burn .
Dredd is an extremely enjoyable action ride and , in spite of a limited story , provides the infamous Judge with a surprisingly engaging film adaptation .
All in all , it is what it is -- bloody , violent and reasonably efficient .
Dreadful , dystopian dirge , filled with graphic , gory , gruesome violence - and little else .
Like most simple concepts , when it 's done well , it 's done very well .
A dystopian sci-fi action thriller shot in 3D and 50 shades of gray , this adaptation of the bleakly satirical comic-book series plays its story of future justice at gunpoint straight and dull .
Definitely a B-Movie , but it does n't want to be anything else .
Fantastically violent , well-written , and constantly captivating , this is one of the most superb action films of the year .
A straight-forward dystopian police actioneer with violent tendencies -LRB- but without Sylvester Stallone -RRB- . In two words , it 's good .
Audiences who like to see bullets rip through eyeballs and cheeks will undoubtedly be delighted .
While Dredd fares better here than in Stallone 's Hollywoodized version , the picture fails to convince that this Robocop retread deserves screen treatment at all .
High marks for starting out stark , staying aggressive , and displaying a very dark but rather welcome sense of humor .
Put in today 's terms , he 'd be the guy doing the torturing at Abu Ghraib , but if it comes down to it and Al Qaeda are trying to kill you , you might possibly maybe want him on your side , at least for a moment .
shamelessly embracing the violence and twisted elements that make for an R-rated film
Karl Urban is the Judge Dredd you 've been waiting for .
While not for the squeamish , Dredd 3D is an effectively gritty B movie accentuated by stylish visuals and irreverent humor .
A good B-movie makes the grade with retard strength , not by acing math tests , and Dredd has a plot like a sledge hammer .
A killer take on the character , full of great 3D and slow-motion effects that enhance a stellar performance from Karl Urban .
Dredd 3D is , at its core , a bloody spectacle and little more .
... Dredd remains ensconce in his signature helmet with mostly growled orders emerging from his maw . The target teens and tweenies will enjoy it , though more mature audiences will not be satisfied .
With style and dour charisma to spare , Dredd proves that the smartest way to handle an action plot is often the simplest .
Brings out the agony of this world and the duty of the protagonist with a welcome discomfort , hitting consistent points of futuristic fury in a supremely entertaining picture .
Proceeds like its protagonist : ploddingly but relentlessly .
Despite the fact that it was shot in 3D , the film looks like a bad case of retro-fitting a completed movie with what appear to be View-Master effects .
Cartoonishly brutal and highly derivative , this is the cinematic equivalent of empty calories : completely lacking any nutritional benefit , but enjoyable to consume .
We have seen this future . And not only does it not work - it no longer even surprises .
It feels like a throwback to a time when action movies were simply movies with action in them , and did n't have to rely on relentless CGI setpieces to hold viewers ' attention .
Proves a surprisingly unimaginative cops vs. drug lord story , complete with the weathered veteran forced to take a rookie under his wing .
My notes are as follows : `` Shoot bad guy . '' `` Shoot bad guy . '' `` Shoot bad guy . ''
This , finally , is the Dredd movie comic book readers have been anticipating .
Once you get past Urban 's magnificent performance , it does n't feel much like the Mega-City One we expect .
The film 's reliance on action at the expense of character development diminishes its effectiveness .
What ` Dredd ' feints at , before retreating to action flick convention , is the first real successor to Alex Proyas ' ` Dark City ' .
Dredd might not glorify its violence , but the movie does come close to fetishizing it , which is discomforting in its own way .
Smartly cast and with a sharp team behind the scenes , there is no good reason why `` Dredd 3D '' is such a clunk-headed action picture .
Every so often there 's a suggestion that a police state may actually be a lousy idea , but this thought dies even faster than the disposable characters .
For sci-fi action fans , it 's an instant classic .
... so similar to this year 's Indonesian cop thriller `` Raid : Redemption , '' it 's like two remakes in one .
It 's savage , beautiful and loads of fun .
What 's exceptional is the orchestration of color , form , light and dark -LRB- lots of dark -RRB- , 3-D technology and digital effects into a look that amounts to a vision .
The movie bears a suspicious resemblance to the Indonesian hit `` The Raid : Redemption , '' but trades that movie 's sweaty , muscular martial-arts brio for a RoboCop-ish futurism and very slick F/X -LRB- the 3-D is very good -RRB- .
In a generic way , the environment works . But it drains the material of what should be most unique about it , and leaves Urban twisting despite a tightly coiled performance .
`` Dredd '' is a lot of murk and grunt with no inner engine . And the unnecessary 3-D only makes it look muddier .
Plenty of red , dead meat for the hard-core crowd .
A fine piece of cheap entertainment .
With its dark characters and the grim setting , the film masterfully creates a compelling , nightmarish atmosphere .
Urban manages to give a credibly wry performance using little more than his gravelly , imitation-Eastwood voice - and his chin .
`` Dredd 3D '' may present a dreary vision of the future , but it offers a promising encapsulation of the modern action movie .
Who would have guessed that Karl Urban would be the baddest-ass mofo of 2012 so far ?
Offers occasional toughness and consistent brutality as compensation for anything interesting .
Say what you want about Stallone 's kitschy 1995 turn `` Judge Dredd '' ... but the dude wore the helmet . Karl Urban replaces him in the new `` Dredd , '' and , frankly , the helmet wears Karl .
A wickedly dark comic streak breaks up the vivid violence and relentless bleakness of `` Dredd 3D . ''
Mostly a bunch of flatly staged bits of action shot against anonymous backgrounds .
The story places a premium on delivering its disreputable sex-and-violence goods with a minimum of fuss or pretention .
Truly compelling filmmaking , easy to engage with and rich enough to warrant close analysis .
Even if the similarity to The Raid : Redemption is pure coincidence , Dredd 3D suffers greatly by comparison , as it fails to muster even half of the thrills of its predecessor .
Not the fastest-moving action movie you 'll see , but it remains true to the comics thanks to Karl Urban 's spot-on portrayal of Dredd .
Foregoes the Hollywood blockbuster trademarks for grit and gore .
A dark , gory and incredibly violent crime fighting film that is the antithesis to the flood of fluffy comic book movies of late .
Dredd is proudly degenerate-and it never feels compelled to slow down and explain itself .
Urban gives the best `` all mouth '' performance since the Rocky Horror lips , sneering with seen-it-all gruffness and intoning Dredd 's trademark catchphrase - `` I am the law '' - with the kind of B-movie-inflected soulfulness that feels damn-near profound .
Here 's to the rebirth of a franchise left for dead , re-emerging with a hellacious fury that wipes clean the sins of the past - and then some . Dredd 's raid and redemption indeed .
Not much of what Dredd has to offer is new or groundbreaking , but the fusion of familiar elements generates a smartly-paced , suspenseful 90 minutes that 's a vast improvement over the 1995 film ...
This is n't a bad movie version of ` Judge Dredd , ' but it 's also too little too late .
... solid action fare which is a lot closer to its source than the Stallone film was .
I highly recommend Dredd for what it is : a super-violent , well thought-out , effective thriller and action film that 's flawlessly cast and has several supreme scenarios of cat-and-mouse .
This could hopefully be the start of a fun and worthwhile new franchise .
I loved this film because it reminded me of watching an old school action film with the special effects of today . Movies like RoboCop or The Crow , I like that tone a lot and so to me I had a ball with it .
The closest you get to character development is when he smiles , frowns , or utters the occasional one line . That was all the life this film had .
Dredd 3D is remarkably unoriginal and visually rancid . The lack of social satire coupled with the brutal violence makes for a hollow experience .
If you 've always wanted to watch bullets go through someone 's face in slow motion , Dredd is for you .
Ultra-violent , with a minimum of exposition , and a maximum of action . It 's a blast .
Essentially a futuristic take on Die Hard or The Raid : Redemption , this is a violent , gory and faithful execution of the character that fans should rejoice at .
Dredd 3D is n't revelatory , nor does it redefine any of the genres it splashes among as it goes its merry , bloody way , but as goofy-gory self-satire high-tech low-morality future-cop epics go , it 's charmingly diabolical .
Dredd is a character study , primarily , one fuelled by violence and action , and we ca n't think of a better way to re-introduce this character to cinema audiences .
An action movie with confidence , style and unapologetic brawn .
That does n't mean it is n't fun , particularly when Urban uses his stoic deadpan for subtly comic purposes .
Yes , it 's a bombastic action thriller . But it 's great to finally watch one that does n't treat the audience like children .
Beneath the stylish flippancy , it 's a fascistic bore .
It 's really quite good .
Despite admirable intentions and assured performances , Dredd 3D suffers from a structurally flawed script that fails to engage and repetitive fight sequences that fail to excite .
Dredd 3D constantly impresses on a visual level , with a gritty style more akin to cult hits like District 9 or 28 Days Later than to standard Hollywood comic-book blockbusters .
Ultimately , your reaction to ` Dredd 3D ' will depend on your tolerance for an almost breathtaking level of graphic violence .
The script is n't much , but the action is inventively bloody and the 3D visuals are dazzling .
A great night out for unfastidious , unsqueamish loners .
Justice for Dredd .
Sit back and enjoy , the movie earns every morsel of entertainment goodness .
-LSB- Karl -RSB- Urban ... is still totally riveting with only his mouth and his manly , unshaven chin with which to express himself ... -LSB- T -RSB- here 's a surprising and gratifying minimalism to Dredd .
a tough , tense and often very funny film - but at its heart is an enigmatic character through whom an understated discourse on the nature of justice and morality is allowed to play out in any way , ultimately , that we choose .
This is brisk and brutal film-making .
The film is about law vs chaos . Via its images , it manages to take both sides .
A superb and savage shoot - 'em - up .
In a world of compromised adaptations , Dredd is something of a triumph .
A film made with love for the simple , cool and assured cult genre classics such as Rollerball , Robocop and Escape from New York .
Heralds new and exciting times for cinema splatter , primarily down to its canny realisation that slow motion and 3D are a match made in horror heaven .
Dredd is an adaptation that not only stands on its own two feet but leaps into the air , showing what the comic book genre can be at its best .
The story is unoriginal but there 's enough action and visual inventiveness to keep fans of the comic book happy .
Commendably faithful , stylishly directed reboot of the 2000AD character with impressive special effects , striking production design work , a suitably gritty , stripped down script and a trio of terrific performances from Urban , Thirlby and Headey .
A reboot of the best possible kind .
Travis makes the most of limited resources : the industrial backdrops are stunning , the action scenes sizzle and the eye-of-the-addict Slo-Mo sequences are sickeningly beautiful .
Dredd is a rare reboot both necessary and successful , doing what Stallone 's stolid effort could n't with double the budget - excite , entertain , and stay crucially true to John Wagner 's unwaveringly dark vision .
A solid , occasionally excellent take on the character , with Urban 's chin particularly impressive .
Packs a mean punch , revelling in the bleak world it effectively creates and Travis ' penchant for ultra slow-motion sequences that take the balletic violence of Peckinpah and Woo to new excess .
It 's perfectly enjoyable and worth watching for Urban , Thirlby and Headey if nothing else . It does however , lack the conviction , originality and sadly the budget that would take this from being a good movie to an excellent one .
` Dredd ' is a cinematic experience -LSB- with -RSB- blissful , off-the-wall violence that only Lionsgate has the balls to deliver .
Grungy , compact and delightfully violent , Dredd wants to hit you as hard as it can .
An adrenaline-fuelled thrill burst that does Tharg 's finest justice , stays true to its roots and leaves you battered , bruised and hungry for more .
From the smart casting to the hypnotic score by Paul Leonard-Morgan , to the copious amounts of crushed heads , this is a superhero flick that has balls and then some .
Clearly made with love by people who have read the comics and understand what makes Joe Dredd tick , it 's a focussed and thoroughly entertaining take on one of the most enduring characters in British comics .
Dredd hits that perfect sweet spot of filmmakers isolating an audience and totally serving that audience . I hope sci-fi fans will appreciate this as a throwback , an homage or just damn awesome .
Director Pete Travis ' somber and brutal approach to the world of Judge Dredd should make for a brutally fun time at the theater for both the longtime fans and the uninitiated as well .
Grim , gritty and ultra-violent , Dredd reinstates the somber brutality missing from the U.K. comicbook icon 's previous screen outing .
By far the better of the two cinematic interpretations of this particular character , `` Dredd '' is a video game procedural tied to great visuals , but one without deeper substance to make its experience remotely meaningful .
Dredd is a grimy , smoldering , relentless 90 minutes that manages to inject its in-your-face fight scenes with an unexpected bit of humanity .
It makes ` Dirty Harry ' look like '12 Angry Men . '

@highlight

Fueled by bombastic violence and impressive special effects , rooted in self-satire and deadpan humor , Dredd 3D does a remarkable job of capturing its source material 's gritty spirit .