There is , of course , nothing new , nor an investigation carried out to provide other points of view ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The film 's low quality , however , is undeniable . The chintzy music over the closing credits , just after Jesus ascends to heaven in a cloud of bundled iMac special effects , is just laughable .
It 's a great option if you 're looking for something with a stronger spiritual foundation than a lot of what is currently in theaters , but it will probably strengthen beliefs more than it will expand them .
If you want to watch some really good movies inspired by and about the life of Christ , there are plenty of other options you can go for instead .
Originally , theater consisted of mystery dramas and church services . Now we have horror , slasher films , and pornography . These do not uplift humanity . But ` Son of God ' tries .
Son of God is the simple case of an adaptation that does n't have anything new or original to add to a tale that has been told many , many times before .
Not that this cobbled-together film is done badly , but it is a choppy , by-the-numbers bland-out .
A blandly well-intentioned biopic of an ex-carpenter-turned-prophet who caused quite a stir down Jerusalem way some 21 centuries ago .
The hunk factor aside , it 's bizarre that a film presumably conceived as an act of devotion should feel so lacklustre and impersonal .
Son of God holds a particular relevance during these spiritually confusing times , and reminds that the story of Christ need be one that is never forgotten .
If I was n't watching this in a theatre , I might 've presumed I got sent the film on VHS after responding to a late-night infomercial .
Its roots as a television series are obvious , and it 's a long way from the likes of ` Ben-Hur ' or ` The Greatest Story Ever Told . ' Still , ` Son of God ' has a couple of sequences that make it an above-average picture .
Such a heavy-handed approach drains some of the emotional power from its best sequences , including a vivid and bloody depiction of the Crucifixion .
Although nicely shot and capably acted , it mostly feels inert , shackled into moderation and flatness by its fear of offending -LRB- and possibly challenging -RRB- its core audience .
This abridged gospel has slicker production values than most Sunday school lessons . ... But ultimately Son of God is preaching to the choir .
... as good as any film edited together from segments of a History Channel miniseries can be expected to be , which is to say it 's utterly terrible .
There is little cinematic about the film . Instead , it is a series of figurative illustrations .
Aimed at a devotional middle-American audience , this never risks the sort of individual perspective necessary to bring the story to life onscreen , for good or ill .
Bland , banal , faith-based biopic , aimed at a church-driven audience of true believers .
At best , this version succeeds as a Sunday school supplement . But the blandness is enough to make you long for Mel Gibson 's The Passion of the Christ .
Cramped , static and rarely cinematic .
Powerful & Well Done
So to review Son of God requires as much commentary on the experience theatergoers are buying as the film itself .
suitably reverent , but not at all stuffy
... a genuinely bland and forgettable picture ... about as middle-of-the-road as a movie can be .
Diogo Morgado , the Portuguese actor in the lead -LRB- yes , another Euro-Jesus -RRB- has been directed to a performance that resembles little more than a kind of strange , smug hippie , the blissed-out organic market employee talking down to you about hemp milk .
A satisfying , inspirational experience .
Will probably be embraced by committed Christians for its obvious sincerity and fidelity to the gospels ... despite its many cinematic flaws .
Son of God is just plain boring . Diogo Morgado offers us the most boring depictions of Jesus Christ ever committed to screen .
The Gospels have as many movies as Marvel in 2014 , so we can only hope for an Avengers-style Biblical alliance next . That kind of camp would be a lot more captivating than this cheap and fawning reiteration of the Western world 's most familiar story .
People will always want to spend money for this sort of thing , even if they 've already seen it . And in this case , they 've literally already seen it .
It simply does n't hold up on the big screen the way it may have when it aired on television last year .
The film goes wild with helicopter shots of Jesus and his followers traveling through the hills . Who knew Christ was lord of the rings ?
The target evangelical audience may well respond enthusiastically , but , unless your own salvation is riding on it , the film is mostly a slog .
For a film aimed squarely at dyed-in-the-lamb believers , it sure treats the audience like first-timers .
How much of this is new and how much has already aired on the History Channel ? The film is so mediocre it hardly matters . Diogo Morgado is appealing , if a bit too full of himself .
This is more a pageant than a story about characters and their motivations ; it 's as brusque in its storytelling as an illustrated children 's bible , which would at least offer some mystery and grandeur in the composition of its images .
By playing it so safely reverential , Son of God tends to plod its way to Calvary , begging to be discussed among Bible study groups and positively name-checked in the Sunday sermons .
Bottom line ? `` Son of God '' will prove an inevitably powerful experience for Christian audiences . It 's a film made for them by people who do seem to have noble intentions . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available here -RRB-
They have turned the Christ saga into cheese . As in cheesy .
It was made by earnest people who want to spread the word . But it 's a tough draught to swallow if you 're not in the mood for a sermon .
The film is willing . But its spirit is weak .
The first hour is klunky . However , the rest of Son of God is a dramatic and compelling telling of The Passion Play , especially because of Morgado .
Thoughtful , reverent , and dignified , made by believers for believers .
The movie is the textbook definition of `` preaching to the choir , '' -LSB- going -RSB- through the holy motions and playing it incredibly safe .
Biblical metaphor gets nailed to the boards of literal translation .
Never again will a Sunday school student get lower than a C-minus on this material .
The two-hour film condenses about four hours of what already was hasty television , and it all winds up a little dramatically static .
It 's a movie that embraces the nearly pedagogical predictability of lines like `` Where 's Judas ? You seen him ? '' or `` Thomas , stop doubting . ''
Son of God takes no real chances , opting for a moderately involving re-telling of an oft-told story .
The condensed `` Son of God '' tries to relay the messianic story plain and simple .
` Son of God ' almost entirely ignores -LSB- Christ 's social justice work -RSB- . Its Jesus does little but look hot and perform magic .
Unfortunately , this is the Cliff Notes version of a religious epic , a greatest-hits package that skips all the hard parts . Incidents are shown but not examined , and anything that requires more than a superficial explanation is simply ignored .
If Son Of God is in any way meant to be a test balloon for whether television can reverse the natural theaters-to-home-viewing cycle and have a second life as a movie , it 's not a good one
The movie feels duty-bound to stay absolutely faithful to its sacred source material . It 's the classic dilemma of the proselytizer : How far into the secular world can you go to deliver your message ?
A film that is almost invariably heavy-handed and obvious from beginning to end ...
This stiff , earnest production plays like a half-hearted throwback to the British-accented biblical dramas of yesteryear , its smallscreen genesis all too apparent in its Swiss-cheese construction and subpar production values .
Considering just how popular Jesus is , you 'd think he 'd get better treatment
Artistically , Son of God seldom rises above its basic cable roots ... But spiritually - what Son of God 's audience is really interested in - the movie can hardly be faulted .
`` Son of God '' is a cash grab . It 's self-stimulation of the most offensive order ... I 'd like to think that Christians could handle a more interesting film . But Hollywood just wants to paddle out with believers , toss out a net and rake it in .
He walks on water , heals the sick and raises the dead . But not even Jesus can transform `` Son of God '' into a compelling epic .
Do n't expect to see a great film , or even a very good one .
The film plays for much of its length like a terrible sketch comedy with one-dimensional caricatures shuffling listlessly through a succession of stilted tableaux .
I 'm pretty much without sin , so gim me some rocks : `` Son of God '' envisions a J.C. that 's strictly J.V. .
What a pleasant surprise : a biblical film that does n't turn into a gory freak show or a speculation about the marital status of Jesus and Mary Magdalene .
The flaws may be ignored by those for whom the film is a religious experience , but it does n't mean they are n't there .
One problem is Jesus . Or , more specifically , Diogo Morgado 's portrayal of him .
Morgado is n't given much to do other than smiling beatifically at dirt-faced extras and occasionally pointing his face toward a holy light shining from above .
Considering that it 's largely clipped together from the cable TV series `` The Bible , '' this is works well . Moving , lighter than `` The Passion . ''
What this well-intentioned film lacks in poise and polish , it makes up for in what faith-based audiences so hungrily seek : a passionate and compassionate interpretation for family viewing that portrays the Christ story with reverence .
Pilate predicts that , following his death , Jesus will be forgotten in a week . Though those words proved preposterously untrue , they somehow seem fitting for this film .

@highlight

The faithful may find their spirits raised , but on purely cinematic terms , Son of God is too dull and heavy-handed to spark much fervor .