All just a tad bland , predictable and yawn-inducing .
The romance in this movie is SO bad .
... despite being like some sort of Frankenstein 's monster , made of different elements taken from superior stories , the movie never bored me . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
There are no stakes and every problem encountered is resolved through a convenient device . They might as well have called it MacGuffin : The Movie .
Insurgent has no qualms about its use of violence , or seemingly , anything at all .
Of all the things in Insurgent-the second installment of the YA sci-fi action Divergent series-the lack of concern for Chicago winter is the most unbelievable .
Insurgent , the second film in what 's now officially known as The Divergent Series , is much better than its predecessor .
A sequel that has the same mistakes of the first film : it 's banal , poorly performed and , in general , everything it wants to transmit is a hateful message . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The visually pleasing third act saves this movie from oblivion , as it progresses to a surprisingly fulfilling ending .
Winslet is an evil wonder to watch . Hair pulled tight and dress pulled tighter , she is unflappable and heartless and it 's awesome . Too bad it 's in a movie that does n't quite deserve her .
I said of Divergent last year that it was worth sticking around for the eventual pay-off and that still rings true , but the next installments will have to deliver a pretty heavy payload because Insurgent is hardly likely to start an uprising .
The only perceivable point of progress is that more than ever , people around Tris state the centrality of her role in the coming social upheaval , a responsibility to which she responds with the correct amount of humility and embarrassment .
Two more films are still to come , Allegiant - parts 1 and 2 . Once again the request is simple : more action and less talk next time please .
The only highlights to be found in `` Insurgent '' are in star Shailene Woodley 's cropped hair , a ` do unwittingly symbolic of the cut-rate film it inhabits .
There 's a magic box that is very pretty , which , miraculously , is retrieved from Tris 's parents home and is the source of all sorts of trouble for her , but do n't go looking for logical plot dumps or an actual explanation of what is going on .
Woodley rises to the occasion and manages to carry the whole film on her slight but strong soldiers .
-LSB- It -RSB- gives us plenty of pretty faces , nifty special effects and futuristic action aimed at stirring the pot of teen angst , but it hits a wall when it tries to explore the ideas at its seething heart .
In all , Insurgent may work as a deafening , frivolous diversion for viewers who can ignore the flimsiness of its universe , plot , and characters .
Kate Winslet remains a welcome distraction as matriarchal Jeanine and Miles Teller proves better than the material but , in terms of both visuals and story , this is tired and derivative .
The action , although predictable , is bigger and bolder here than in the first movie .
Ludicrously derivative of The Hunger Games .
Plot-wise , Insurgent does n't make a whole lot of sense , but that tracks back to Veronica Roth 's books , which build an entire world around a fundamentally silly premise and just hope the reader wo n't notice .
The drama is drab , the romance is heat-free , and too often I saw Woodley and others running and chasing and fighting , only to stop and say dialogue that made me think these actors would poke fun if they were sitting in the audience .
People are sad , people are mad , people are bad , and people will say exactly how they feel any chance they get . It 's like a Bond villain crafted specifically to destroy whatever mystery still existed around the inner angst of young adult stories .
Kate Winslet should play the villain more often .
As much as the Divergent films strive to be the grimy , snarling little sister to Suzanne Collins ' Hunger Games juggernaut , though , the movies so far have failed to give off a punk edge - or any edge , really .
Insurgent 's convenient scanners affirm its heroine to be 100 % Divergent , the most out of everyone , and that 's good enough for the story . But it does n't have to be good enough for the audience .
Insurgent wants us to be awestruck , but in spite of a few nice ingredients , we 've seen it before , and we 've seen it better .
Dull , monotonous , and painfully tedious .
There 's much more that does n't work here than does .
Instead of helping the story to move along as the middle part of a trilogy should , Insurgent ends up being nothing more than another helping of the problems that held back its predecessor .
Ah , that story we ordered last year finally arrived .
Insurgent is a bad film masquerading as a mediocre one . And that masks its more troubling moral core .
Divergent hardly made a case for YA fiction and Orwell 's 1984 as thrillingly convergent , or the teen-dystopia as either grandly emergent or resurgent , ultimately proving as exciting , for $ 9.95 , as a box of detergent . And now ... Insurgent .
... falls right in line with its hopelessly mediocre predecessor .
A good premise is dumbed down and poorly executed by a director who does n't seem to understand how to make his narratives genuinely interesting .
The film is essentially one long fight with occasional scene changes -- they 're on a train ! Rooftop gunfight ! Fisticuffs in the hallway !
Adds a bit of pep to the series ' overall mediocrity
Robert Schwentke 's Insurgent is a massively stupid movie .
There are some thrilling scenes here and there , but mostly , Insurgent is an aggressively familiar experience .
As far as dystopian young-adult fare goes , ` Insurgent ' is average .
Fresh characters include antipodal substitute mother figures for the newly orphaned Tris -- namely , a huggable agragrian played by Octavia Spencer and a skinny schemer played by Naomi Watts .
There 's not a single frame `` wrong '' with the movie ... but there also is n't anything in the whole of that 's even fleetingly entertaining .
Armed with divergent skills and a freshly self-inflicted , no-fuss hairdo , Tris Prior is feeling Insurgent , and we 're down with that . This franchise is one of the more entertaining examples of three popular books stretched to four movies when two would do .
The Divergent Series : Insurgent is the logical successor to The Hunger Games , in that it features a female lead in a dystopian future America . It would be helpful if The Divergent Series : Insurgent was a good film .
Miraculously , Woodley escapes from this gargantuan slog unscathed , a feat more exciting than any of the travails of Tris Prior .
I think the reason critics and audiences are divided by this movie has to do with the main character , Tris . She is a strong female character . An argument can be made that she is a much stronger female character than Katniss is in the Hunger Games series .
A more efficient indifference generator than its predecessor .
Large interior scenes seem designed , propped and photographed less like dystopian drama and more like a Broadway musical -- I halfway expected someone to break into a song called `` Beyond the Wall . ''
I appreciate the attempt to try to make this world -- an obliterated , totalitarian Chicago -- as watchable as possible . But there 's too much to keep straight .
Dauntless , Divergent , Erudite , Abnegation , Factionless , Candor . May I add the audience faction , Ennui ? If ever a screenplay felt bludgeoned lifeless by a thesaurus , this is it .
The real problem here lies with the underwritten supporting characters and overabundance of repetitive action sequences .
There 's little substance and little depth , but Woodley , with her preternatural poise , offers a worthy simulation of drama .
After the tepid snore that was the last `` Hunger Games '' installment , `` Insurgent '' is muscular , brisk and imaginative - albeit on an emotive teenage level .
There 's a tad more visual flair and a tad more violence in the second instalment of The Divergent Series , yet Insurgent still looks like an anaemic Hunger Games clone .
Schwentke cranks up the action enough to keep us distracted , with well-oiled scenes of renegades jumping freight trains , and simulated cliffhangers involving flying fiery buildings offering several edge-of-your-seat moments .
Insurgent is far too long for the minimal plot it encapsulates , features little in the way of meaningful character development , and is riddled with instances of poorly conceived , contrived developments .
For a film about standing out , this adaptation of a young adult novel fits its mold too predictably .
The two-hour effort could benefit from less moping , less violence and especially less fitful dreaming .
Tris and Four never grow as characters , while Winslet 's Jeanine continues to register less as a formidable movie villain and more like that strict teacher you had in 10th grade who always assigned too much homework .
An angst-riddled , fast-paced sequel - a `` Hunger Games '' wannabe ...
Woodley is a talented , charismatic actress who deserves a blockbuster franchise . Unfortunately , if Insurgent is any indication , the Divergent movies may not be it .
The action sequences have been ramped up and Insurgent smartly diverges from the book but it 's still such a confusing and uninvolving storyline this YA adaptation made me HUNGER for something more . Thank God for Shailene Woodley though .
still suffers from the same dumbed-down science fiction storytelling and teen angst reliance that we saw in the first film
It 's all a bit of an unengaging muddle , covered over with concrete grunge , clean white labs , and stagy special effects .
You wo n't feel like you wasted your money , but you 'll probably think of something better you could have spent it on . Like a `` Hunger Games '' book .
Put it this way : At the end of this movie , not one significant character is frozen in carbonite .
The visuals did n't feel realistic enough to engage and overall `` Insurgent '' is a let down . Unless you 're a hard core fan of the novels upon which it 's based , I 'd wait for cable .
Another nonsensical young adult film that makes me root for the evil dystopian society against the plucky heroine .
Insurgent falls short of hitting the bar set by superior YA film adaptations but is a step in the right direction for the Divergent series .
The lack of any memorable story elements or overall narrative drive might not be so pronounced if this post-apocalyptic future were even halfway interesting .
Insurgent is breathlessly paced , well-cast , and thankfully kind of entertaining in its chase film way .
With the world-building taken care of in part one , `` Insurgent '' can turn its attention fully to its plot and characters , succeeding more with the former than the latter .
Insurgent is better than its predecessor and really , for a mildly entertaining action film , Insurgent could have been much worse .
The dialogue is clunky , and other than Tris the characters are one-dimensional . Moreover , it 's all so earnest .
The final Divergent book will be split into two movies , a future that is indeed a little dystopian . Much brighter , though , are the blossoming careers of Woodley and Teller .
As a distillation of all that 's most ordinary about contemporary young adult science fiction , it could hardly be bettered .
It was always going to be hard to match the fire-power of The Hunger Games series , but the gap is now huge . If Mockingjay Part 1 resembles a playful , sharp-toothed canine , Insurgent is more like a slug .
Derivative , dystopian garbage . Teller is the only person to emerge semi-unscathed .
It 's often painful to watch accomplished actors struggle through this material , knowing plainly that they are all here because of the financial opportunities this movie provided , rather than its artistic ones .
Insurgent is not a very good movie , but it 's better than it needs to be .
As the character embraces her new built-for-action pixie haircut -LRB- a holdover from Woodley 's role as cancer patient Hazel in `` The Fault in Our Stars '' -RRB- , Tris comes into her own as a hero who 's both dynamic and sensitive .
Dystopian sequel ups romance factor ; still very violent .
Ironically teens are n't playing post apocalyptic teen angst trauma characters in this teen angst trauma post apocalyptic , pathetic , practically pointless movie .
I am not a fan of such stories , usually , but by the end of `` Insurgent '' I was duly impressed , and interested in the outcome awaiting us in the next film in this series .
And the thing I find most annoying ? Watching these characters maneuver their eyeballs back and forth while gazing into each other 's eyes .
Alas , while the special effects are decently done and the action scenes adequately handled , we do n't really care . -LRB- Full Content Review -- Sex , Profanity , Violence , etc. -- for Parents also available -RRB-
With new screenwriters , new director Robert Schwentke at the helm and a few new players joining the franchise , `` Insurgent '' is a little better than the first installment , if no less derivative of other dystopian YA series .
The characters are no further developed by the end of Insurgent than they were at the end of Divergent .
Insurgent stubbornly fails to surge .
Woodley 's a first-year Girl Scout surrounded by troop leaders , making action scenes stiff and tedious .
Suffers the usual stuck-in-the-middle problems , and lacks the plot clarity and kinetic thrust that kept the first picture from being a pure `` Hunger Games '' knockoff .
`` The Divergent Series : Insurgent , '' the second of four movies , is fresh evidence that `` Divergent '' is `` The Hunger Games '' with training wheels .
It 's better than the first one , but I thought the first one kinda stunk , so do n't take that statement as too much of a compliment .
Most of the best stuff is saved for Insurgent 's last half-hour , in which the movie goes `` lysergic , '' as on an acid trip .
Much like the last film , the dialogue and the action suffer from a keen sense of lifelessness .
Unlike Divergent , which required pages of premise-establishing exposition , Insurgent is more purely action-centric , as the hunters hunt and the hunted flee through the trees , hopping freight trains , trying to elude capture .
Thankfully there 's a lot more action in the latest instalment of the Divergent saga , which is great news because it means fewer slow spots during which you can mull over all the holes in both the story and concept of this hyped up teens-vs-adults dross .
Compelling in spite of its commonplace premise and themes . Wanting to see where Tris goes from here -- and how Shailene Woodley will continue to imbue her with life -- is more than enough incentive to keep watching .
-LSB- L -RSB- et 's be clear : This is only slightly better than the last movie , with ` slightly ' being the key .
At times it 's just a weaponized vision of the highly cliquish tables at the high school cafeteria .
Fans of the source material may still be eager for the next chapter but for casual viewers this is a disappointingly bland sequel .
The first Divergent instalment proved a bit dull whereas this one is enlivened by some first-rate special effects .
This second installment , based on Veronica Roth 's series of YA novels , feels cobbled together and less focused than 2014 's Divergent , and lacks tension and excitement .
When the drama boils down to a duel between Jeanine and Tris , there 's a spark . Otherwise , it 's a plodding letdown .
It least Insurgent has very lively performances from Woodley as the action heroine , James as her square-jawed beau , Ansel Elgort as her detached brother Caleb and Miles Teller -LRB- from Whiplash -RRB- as the Iago-like Peter .
It 's impressive how the likes of Winslet , Spencer and Watts can spout their required gobbledygook and still maintain conviction .
A modest cultural artifact if one largely devoid of aesthetic interest .
Insurgent has more action than last year 's debut film , which was modestly titled just Divergent . Action is what you want in a picture such as this , especially when you do n't really have a lot on your mind .
A more effective , adult-friendly film than its predecessor .
It 's a sequel that sticks to more routine territory of action , angst , and dystopian gloom - mostly a sound approach , thanks to the consistent strength of franchise lead Shailene Woodley and a mix of intended and inadvertent surprises .
There 's suspension of disbelief and then there 's what the Divergent movies require , which is a total rejection of the most basic concepts of humanity .
Woodley tries to emote a lot with her expressive eyes , but overall the film feels cold . Schwentke struggles to decide if `` Insurgent '' is more action or more YA and winds up doing neither genre much justice .
Maybe you had to read the book ?
Some fans may object to substantial plot alterations , but the rejiggering streamlines and intensifies the story as it powers to the same destination .
`` Insurgent '' opens new horizons of repetitiveness , dramatic shapelessness , self-seriousness and a generalized oppressiveness ...
less interesting than exasperating
The action sequences are well done , some of the visuals are spectacular , and at it 's heart Insurgent is wrestling with some very basic questions about ambition and human interaction .
Insurgent is not a subtle movie . But that does n't mean the dystopian parable about finding your way in the world is n't powerful .
The first film was impossible to take seriously and that is still the case for the sequel . But it 's less of a chore .
Taken for what it is , Insurgent is a vast improvement over the franchise 's first installment , mostly thanks to expansion in two arenas : budget and scope .
Watch out Katniss , your competition is hard as nails .
The action scenes are n't enough to distract from a script that is full of holes , illogical actions and a story that takes almost two hours to complete yet only moves things forward a few baby steps .
A dystopian drama that salutes the heroism and compassion of a gifted young woman .
-LSB- Woodley -RSB- spends much of the second -LSB- film -RSB- captured by the society 's merciless overlord -LRB- Kate Winslet -RRB- and locked into a psychoactive contraption that subjects her to various traumatic hallucinations . Any movie critic can relate to that .
The performances are fine . Everyone is solid , though they 're not asked to do too much .
A trio of screenwriters -LRB- Brian Duffield , Akiva Goldsman and Mark Bomback -RRB- whisks us from one event to the next without providing the necessary details to support actions .
Smart , Slick and Superior to its predecessor .
It speeds past intricate intrigues and sketchy characterizations , moving like a sleek roller-coaster ride , free from clunky exposition .
Along the way , Tris has repeated nightmares about events from the last film she 'd rather forget . I know how she feels .
Luckily for `` Insurgent , '' Shailene Woodley is on board for the duration .
Were it not for the five lines of recognizably human dialogue spoken by Miles Teller , this whole thing would implode into a black hole .
Although Woodley is adequate at emoting - Tris being something of a basket case of guilt , self-loathing and teenage hormones - many of the other characters here are , by definition , one-dimensional .
`` Insurgent '' would be a much worse movie if the good parts were all at the beginning . But they are saved for the end , and they leave the viewer with a feeling of , `` Well , that was OK , '' even though most of it was n't .
If you 've seen `` Divergent , '' this builds on it nicely .
Fans of the first will love it . All others need not apply .
No one involved in the making of Insurgent would test positive for the intelligent Erudites
Even if you 're curious about it , the movie is often plodding and frequently nonsensical , with action that never feels novel or exciting .
It delves even deeper into the poorly considered mythology , building action beats and moments of tension around a conceit that puts easy allegory ahead of logic or coherence .
An improvement on its predecessor ... a workmanlike job , if an uninspired one .
Insurgent does get a few things right along the way , -LSB- but -RSB- they 're completely overshadowed by the general dullness of the rest of the movie .
A sharp improvement on the original , this second entry in The Divergent Series has a much stronger sense of its premise and characters ...
Colonel Walter E. Kurtz 's last words were : `` The horror ! The horror is Tris 's haircut ! ''
`` Will someone please tell me what 's going on ? '' Tris cries at one point , and she could be speaking for the audience as the plot becomes ever more muddled .
The cast still shines , but this mid-franchise movie is mostly spinning its wheels .
It scooped up the right star and it knows it ; the film treats Woodley like a get-out-of-jail-free card for all its transgressions and fits of crappiness .
Woodley herself almost singlehandedly saves these films from being just another overwrought dystopian nightmare .
Woodley does solid work here as she 's done elsewhere , and continues to be someone to watch ...
Puts the urgent in Insurgent .
Jumps headfirst into the mythology of the franchise , so that the only way to have fun is to become truly invested . Which would be fine if the story were intriguing enough to bother .
Insurgent has more action than Divergent , but not much more excitement . Perhaps a more mercenary blockbuster mentality could have at least shaped that action into stronger set pieces .
Insurgent is often more exciting and more eye-catching than its predecessor . Too bad its characters are n't any more interesting .
Insurgent succeeds because it does n't bother explaining a darn thing .
Insurgent is a relentlessly exasperating sci-fi film made , miraculously , with a half-baked imagination , a slaughtered wit , and insufferable direction by Robert Schwentke , the man who supplied 2013 with one its biggest flops , R.I.P.D. .
A Little Golden Book version of drastically simplified socialism accompanied with a healthy dose of warmongering bravado .
Insurgent , half-baked as its universe might be , rattles and glimmers with an undeniable allure .
`` Divergent '' was n't the strongest entry into the teen dystopian genre shared by the likes of `` The Hunger Games '' and `` The Maze Runner , '' and this entry only further erodes the series ' position .
The actors are more or less saving this franchise 's bacon .
With its repeat itinerary , Insurgent is less a sequel than a remake . The movie has an ordinary middle-chapter scenario , and less The Empire Strikes Back than Attack of the Clones .
Woodley 's performance is strong enough to carry everything else here : maybe being Divergent is just another word for star power .
Of the featured cast , only Woodley really achieves any lasting impact in this episode , although the ham-fisted writing sometimes leaves her a little too exposed .
Practically everyone you 're watching seems to be wishing they were somewhere else . So you might want to take the hint .
There 's also not much in the way of lightness or humour in these kinds of films .
It would 've been nice to tell you Insurgent was surprisingly good . Or fun to rant and rave about how lousy it is . But no . It 's just there , another middle installment of another teen-targeted post-apocalyptic series .
Long and violent but lacking narrative momentum , Insurgent is an inferior sequel to the already mediocre Divergent .
While I enjoyed the first Divergent movie , I did find Insurgent to be a better cinematic romp .
Trainloads of action abound -LRB- literally -RRB- , but it 's essentially generic combat . Punch , point , shoot , kill , get out of the way in the nick of time depending on your billing in the closing credits .
While the ending is meant to build up anticipation for the inevitable parts three and four , it plays as mostly resolved ; you do n't walk out of the theater thinking , I ca n't wait til the next one .
The only uprising that the regressive , repetitive and recycled Insurgent could ever incite might be in its viewers , rising up out of their seats and making a beeline for the theater doors .
That 's a lot of back story to wade through and at times the expository world-building weighs heavy here too . But in `` Insurgent , '' twists and developments bulk up the story and help further define the characters .
School is out forever in the Divergent series . And honestly , after all that set up , I do n't know that this world is worth saving .
`` It 's disappointing that the script does n't match the spectacular special effects on display , but it 's still a compelling ride . ''
Woodley , great in `` The Spectacular Now '' and `` The Fault in Our Stars , '' is a humdrum action star . Her amiable yet laid-back style turns the film 's key moments from do-or-die into OK-whatever .
Sneakily undercuts tropes of the young-adult hero 's journey . But in a more adventurous movie environment , this would n't feel this fresh as it does .
The plot makes zero sense and Shailene Woodley 's on-screen chemistry with scowling hunk Four -LRB- Theo James -RRB- is non-existent .
The second chapter of the Divergent series is moderately engaging , but it 's clear the impact of the franchise is inevitably deteriorating .
The Hunger Games ' braindead younger sibling aims for dystopian gravitas but only succeeds at being dull and joyless .
The finale , at least , gives one hope that this series will finally diverge from its YA `` Hunger Games '' formula in the next film .
Maybe that 's why signing up for this sound-a-like saga was secretly a smart move -LSB- for Woodley -RSB- . When you 're watching Insurgent , trying to quell the boredom , all you can think about is how much better Shailene is than the movie around her .
Once you swallow the giant pill that is the premise , it just about makes sense , and Woodley sells it with all her conviction .
Those who found Divergent one young adult dystopia too far will find little in Robert Schwentke 's sequel to lessen bewilderment .
A rising young star exhibits an impressive acting range in a physically as well as emotionally-demanding role promising to do for her what The Hunger Games did for Jennifer Lawrence .
Teenage kicks are in short supply in the preposterous second instalment of Veronica Roth 's derivative Young Adult series .
Kate Winslet as the villainous , power-hungry , ice-cool blonde is the best thing in this overlong sequel in which spectacular special effects dominate and whose narrative is too cluttered to involve us beyond the superficial
It 's getting hard to feel empathetic for people who live in future dystopian societies . Oh , boo hoo , your peaceful government collapsed and ... you are grouped by how handy you happen to be at some particular task . You know , we all have problems .
`` I know this does n't make any sense , '' breathes Tris Prior during Insurgent 's flamboyantly muddled finale , `` but you have to trust me . '' You could hardly ask for a more honest line of dialogue than that .
Perks up a bit when vets like Winslet or Octavia Spencer or Naomi Watts pop up for a scene or two , but for the most part , this all plays out like yet another movie about pretty young people in futuristic sportswear punching or shooting each other .
Even with breathless chases , strong design components and dazzling effects , the story 's organizing principle -- the faction system that divides society into five groups based on personality -- grows less compelling as Insurgent proceeds .
Perhaps instead of splitting the third book into two movies , they should have considered combining the first two into one .
Even if it does n't earn the sci-fi adventure franchise many new converts , Insurgent should retain the fan base created by last year 's Divergent and keep it primed for the series ' two-part Allegiant finale .
Despite its earnest tone and unremittingly solemn performances , the entire movie feels like a simulation , devoid of lifelike detail or tangible dramatic stakes .
This second Divergent entry is a more propulsive and action-centric outing , but it turns star Shailene Woodley into a passive observer in her own adventure .
Middle films in movie franchises run the risk of being devoid of closure and linearity , and it 's that inconclusive nature to Robert Schwentke 's Insurgent that proves to be its greatest misgiving .

@highlight

Shailene Woodley gives it her all , but Insurgent is still a resounding step back for a franchise struggling to distinguish itself from the dystopian YA crowd .