A heavy-slog industrial espionage thriller indifferently directed .
If there 's nothing hideously embarrassing about Paranoia , there 's nothing really right either .
Director Robert Luketic -LSB- does -RSB- nothing beyond his contractual obligations -LRB- which presumably read , `` Um , make a movie , I guess '' -RRB- .
Paranoia is professional in every way , but there 's no pulse to it . It is entirely adequate , livened up only by a few supporting turns .
It 's a premise that stands or falls on the tense fate of a charismatic lead and dialogue that does not clang right off the screen ; a woeful lack of both ensures Paranoia more than falls -- it collapses .
There 's nothing wrong with Paranoia that a stronger director , livelier leading actors and several hundred fewer narrative conveniences would n't cure .
This is a film at odds with itself , wanting to be a 99 percenter rallying cry but wallowing in and fetishizing 1 percenter accoutrement at every turn .
Paranoia , a ho-hum thriller about corporate spying in the high-tech world , comes off as a lot more preposterous than paranoid , and it takes no more than a few frames for the eye rolling to commence .
It 's rather a slight affair .
It 's slickly directed by Robert Luketic even though it 's all pretty unbelievable . But in fact I rather enjoyed it .
A couple of business rivals trying to steal each other 's cell phone secrets is just not that gripping to watch unfold , especially when it 's anchored by such a dull protagonist .
-LSB- A -RSB- garbage movie .
Even as a straight-to-DVD release , this would fail to pass muster .
The twists are n't surprising , the perils feel artificial , and even Hemsworth 's chest gets a little ho-hum after a while .
Ford gives it the old college try and it 's decently paced but it 's not enough to elevate it from the muck and mire of a boring script made by an unimaginative director .
Corporate thrillers just are n't what they used to be .
A movie as generic and forgettable as Paranoia deserves a title as generic and forgettable as Paranoia .
The bland leading man , lack of suspense and tedious panoramic shots of New York create feelings of inertia rather than paranoia .
The script conveniently leaps from one face-slapping coincidence to the next without as much as a knowing wink to the viewer -LRB- a gesture which might have helped these laughable proceedings no end -RRB- .
A far-fetched thriller that manages to feel generic in spite of its fairly novel setting in the world of high tech corporate espionage .
Gary Oldman 's gor-blimey Cockney accent and Harrison Ford 's scarily short buzz cut are the most striking features of this disappointingly routine corporate espionage thriller .
With a strong cast and striking production values , this thriller is sleek enough to hold our interest even if corporate espionage is n't a very exciting topic for the movies .
Offers nothing by way of suspense , intrigue , or characters who rise even a little bit above the yawningly bland .
No-one brings anything close to their A-game in this chronically ham-fisted corporate sabotage thriller .
Even a cast boasting Oldman and Harrison Ford ca n't salvage his dreary , contrived corporate thriller .
passable as a piece of disposable movie star pulp
`` Paranoia '' is not nearly as bad as you may have heard , but it does have a few too many narrative issues holding it back .
a relic in its own time
So cliched and tiresome , it could be a minor work of cinemasochistic genius . Also , Harrison Ford appears to be possessed by a necromancer .
This is a tedious turkey of the first order . As well as being supremely dull , the film does no favours for feminism - or what 's left of it - as far as film roles go .
Excruciating dialogue is only the tip of the iceberg of this film 's dunderheadedness , but it 's the sin that keeps on giving throughout the way too many 108 painful minutes it takes to get through it .
Would have been fine as a simple , slickly-produced TV movie , but with Ford and Oldman in the cast it ca n't be considered anything but a big-screen letdown .
Answers the question nobody was asking : what if the director of Legally Blonde remade The Conversation ?
Aussie director Robert Luketic 's clever fingerprints are all over the film , with its dictating pace , well maintained tension - but above all , his flair for casti
A proficient thriller but there is little individuality : it feels as though we have seen this all before
Forgettable and generic ...
This boardroom blackmail romp feels as contrived and silly as anything Luketic has helmed in recent years .
If there 's anything most conspicuously in short supply in this thriller it 's a strong sense of exactly that , paranoia .
... the denouement ... has no relationship with what has gone before . Junkie XL 's music builds tension and , believe me , this movie needs it because the story is so weak .
In a movie about a new generation 's hunger to topple the old guard , pretty boy Hemsworth is outclassed by his veteran costars , who get more mileage from baring their teeth than he does baring his chest .
How did they take Joseph Finder 's good novel and make a lackluster film with a super cast ? Go figure !
a flabby congealed thing that is in no way helped by lackluster direction and a derivative script
Bolstered by a bland by a lead performance by Liam Hemsworth , Paranoia gives no reason for audiences to look over their shoulder , but plenty of them to keep an eye on their watches .
The inert techno-thriller Paranoia is much like watching an app download on a weak Internet connection -- slow and tedious , it seems to take forever .
A better title might have been Greed , Theft or Espionage . Or , to be brutally honest , Boredom .
Less actively bad than utterly , painfully familiar , the kind of movie that stakes its claims entirely on opening-weekend box-office receipts because those involved know nobody will remember it come Monday .
The movie does n't make a whole lot of sense and , when it does , it would be better off not doing so .
Not an original bone in its body -- but there 's always something to be said for a great cast .
Paranoia is so ineptly made that the ride home from the theater will be more suspenseful than anything that took place on the screen .
So dumbed-down that it 's totally lacking in suspense and common sense .
Another late summer loser .
A tepid would-be corporate thriller with a young lead not ready for prime time , and even old hands like Ford and Oldman ca n't save it .
Fixates on the perils and panic of our modern surveillance culture while itself proving to be borderline unwatchable .
You watch it and , despite all the au courant techno geekery on display , you feel like you 've stepped into a time capsule . It 's a nice feeling at first . If only the movie were better .
You 're not paranoid -- it really is bad .
`` Paranoia '' is too sloppy and slack to inspire tension .
The plot is n't just routine but also totally nonsensical and illogical . No amount of `` suspension of disbelief '' can save this movie .
Paranoia ? More like déjà vu .
While Paranoia has been cast with some top-notch actors , the problem here is a lack of oomph both in the script , adapted from Joseph Finder 's novel , and the pretty lame direction by Robert Luketic .
Director Robert Luketic 's thriller Paranoia has a host of problems , but the biggest seems to be that no one in it is nearly paranoid enough .
Slick but muddled thriller about corporate espionage never gets our pulse pounding .
Paranoia never quite manages to thrill in its attempt to portray corporate America as a sea that 's swimming with unseen perils .
There 's much sprinting and keyboard-clacking for an audience that might feasibly value the sight of either over the presence of genuine invention or suspense .
The film is all thunderous clichés .
It 's more like `` Parannoying . ''
`` Paranoia '' should be commended for attempting to give younger audiences something more mature to digest at the movies , but unfortunately once the film hits a dead zone , the reception is lost for good .
When you can see every twist coming , the turns are n't exciting .
Only twice , when Ford and Oldman snarl at each other from leather sofas , does `` Paranoia '' show signs of life .
These characters keep the WOPR on their iPhones , and the further Luketic pushes the fantasy of wireless spy games , the deeper Paranoia digs itself into a hole of improbability .
It 's like one of those cheap knockoff phones you might buy on a streetcorner in Manhattan -- the `` IPhoen 5 ″ of thrillers .
The twists are inevitable , the turns come from a mile away , but a surprisingly charming and humble Hemsworth becomes a reliable interface for the old mechanics .
PARANOIA probably would have gone straight to DVD were it not for Ford ad Oldman 's contributions . It 's a relentlessly boring thriller with an incredibly bland performance by star Hemsworth .
Here is a film that clearly wants to be a gripping techno-thriller but feels as if it was designed both by and for people who still have not quite figured out how to get their Kindles to work .
The biggest problem with `` Paranoia '' is Hemsworth . While he has leading-man looks , he has very little charisma or screen presence .
Why blaze new trails when the old ones are so well-marked ? This one is essentially `` The Firm '' with smartphones .
The movie never convinces us it has any concern for technology and only pretends to when it needs a cheap excuse to put Adam in peril .
`` Paranoia '' is a plug-and-play Hollywood thriller , not the best the genre has to offer but hardly the worst .
At times , there 's a lack of understanding about how 20-somethings talk in reality , while many of the film 's other lines feel like they could be said by real people , albeit real people who are n't very smart . Or interesting . Or worth listening to .
Screenwriters Jason Dean Hall and Barry Levy swipe plot twists from the film adaptations of best-selling author John Grisham 's novels .
Robert Luketic 's supposedly down-and-dirty corporate espionage thriller undercuts itself at nearly every turn by shunning any potential relevancy .
There 's nothing wrong with Paranoia that a screenplay could n't have fixed .
It 's tension free and as a result , forgettable .
In critical ways the movie feels both out of date and out of touch .
Were it the sum of its formidable parts , Paranoia might give good movies an inferiority complex .
Did Harrison Ford hope the shorn look would give his high-tech mogul Jock Goddard some edge ? He certainly needed something to .
What it lacks is even an iota of originality .
In trying to play a tense , high-stakes game of corporate espionage and Mephistophelean seduction , this dull , junky thriller is all drift and no danger .
A stellar cast does their best to salvage Paranoia , but a serious lack of tension and a bad case of `` Predictability-itus '' makes Luketic 's film nothing but another faceless thriller leaving audiences wanting so much more .
We 've seen this corporate morality tale done better many times before .
All things considered this is a movie you enjoy on cable and then probably forget about .
It 's an entertaining film throughout that should n't provoke too much thought .
`` Paranoia 's '' twitchiness is like an actual twitch : it 's contrived and clunky , and you forget it in an instant .
`` Paranoia '' is ostensibly a thriller , but there 's nothing remotely thrilling about it . The slick , plodding bore is as exciting as watching somebody else tap out text messages .
I smiled twice during Paranoia . Both times when Harrison Ford and Gary Oldman had scenes together and hammed it up like pros in hog heaven .
There 's too much here that does n't ring true or make any sense beyond script convenience .
As a post-financial-crisis movie , Paranoia is muddled at best , wagging its finger at Hemsworth 's ambitious bridge-and-tunnel type while fetishizing the life of luxury he cheats his way into .
Genre movies often get described as disposable , but something as paper-thin as `` Paranoia '' is n't even sturdy enough to warrant such a dismissive description .
There 's no sense of craftsmanship or creativity here , just the bare minimum to meet enough clichés to get to the final act and send you on your way . It has all the thrills of a root canal .
The -LSB- paranoid techno-thriller -RSB- genre has yet to evolve past the age of the football-sized cell phone , and as long as filmmakers keep churning out techno-nonsense like this , it probably never will .
Destined to be started but not finished by Netflix streaming subscribers .
As slow , slick and superficial as the director of `` 21 '' and `` Killers '' can make it .
A corporate thriller that offers juicy roles for Harrison Ford and Gary Oldman . Not terribly original but entertaining .
Its twists are either predictable or improbable , and its double-crosses are so inert they 're more like crosses-and-a-half .
The tempting pairing of Indiana Jones and Dracula is a wan non-event .

@highlight

Clichéd and unoriginal , Paranoia is a middling techno-thriller with indifferent performances and a shortage of thrills .