With its subtle scares , Jessabelle starts out really well . It 's the abrupt , illogical ending that spoils the fun .
Believe it or not , this film has great potential . However , everything collapses when it tries to be a horror movie . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
slackjawed Southern Gothic
The film comes off like a nightmare version of Who Do You Think You Are ?
An honest , gentle performance by Sarah Snook is not enough to recommend this clichéd ghost story .
An alternately kooky , effectively low-key chiller worth seeing .
I ca n't remember the last time I 've seen a movie go off the rails as quickly as Jessabelle .
... relies on cheap thrills instead of generating sustained tension , and the film lacks any meaningful amount of subtlety or surprise .
Perhaps the best character in Jessabelle are the bayous themselves .
Ghosts , nightmares and Voodoo -- that 's horrortainment to me , and ` Jessabelle ' passes the test .
Surprisingly uneventful , stumbling to an unsatisfying ending that teases complexity and twists , but mostly triggers unenthused shrugs .
The more complicated it gets , the less scary it becomes .
As the film racks up incidents and characters and explanations , the mystery dissipates . It 's a strange spectacle : a horror film that spends as much time dismantling suspense as it does building it .
Greutert 's inoffensive , slick Jessabelle may be successful low-budget filmmaking , but it 's built entirely out of low-impact thrills .
It helps that Snook and Webber are so sympathetic in their roles . But ultimately even they fall apart under the strange illogic of the entire situation and a barrage of unanswered questions .
An ineffective , derivative , and awkwardly executed mash-up of ghost flicks and voodoo movies .
`` Jessabelle '' is interesting in some of the small details , and in its strong sense of the Louisiana bayou atmosphere , and then it completely falls apart when it starts being a horror film .
Credit lead Sarah Snook 's gentle , sympathetic performance for holding together this atmospheric film , especially during its silly-campy third act .
How are VHS tapes , voodoo and the specter lurking in a house connected ? Your impatience for answers is likely to eclipse your trepidation .
Despite a few scenes fraught with genuine suspense and Snook 's strong , centered performance as a wounded woman in survival mode , Jessabelle operates on the ridiculous premise that young ghosts actually grow up and mature just like regular people .
Snook excels in the lead role , her charismatic , wide-eyed , down-to-earth appeal reminiscent of fellow redhead Emma Stone .
One of the nice things about Jessabelle is that it is n't trying too hard .
There are few scares here , but plenty of mild grossness . The absurd ending ties up the mystery in a way that 's sure to annoy both supernaturalists and realists .
Occasionally shivery , overly familiar ...
Rather than commit to exploring Jessabelle 's existential crisis , the filmmakers opt to pile on the clichés straight until the rotten denouement .
While this Blumhouse production may be a less ruthlessly efficient scream machine than , say , its corporate sibling Ouija , it is much more atmospheric and benefits from a winning central performance from Snook .
The mystery drags , its clues never really registering - they just accumulate , along with hints of backstory , a laundry-like pile you would prefer not to deal with but will have to sort through eventually .
Unfortunately , it 's just when Jessabelle looks like it might transcend its haunted-house trappings that the Southern Gothic clichés rear their tortured , screaming heads
The too-infrequent scare techniques ... are mostly by the book , rarely developing sufficient dread to heighten the film 's rather unremarkable climax .
The depths prove awfully shallow in this murky and derivative bayou gothic .
An ineffective horror movie that draws most of its minimal shocks from familiar genre conventions that feel even mustier than usual .
Jessabelle delivers a handful of genuinely unsettling scares , which is more than a lot of horror films are bothering with these days .

@highlight

Jessabelle hints at a bright future for star Sarah Snook , but clouds her performance with a cliched -- and tasteless -- storyline .