There is something undeniably disturbing about a story that is so plainly intended to degrade every character in it . And yet that is its charm .
Plays it to all heights if idiocy where suspense of disbelief is no longer an instrument to the entertainment .
Feels like shock for shock 's sake instead of something morbidly inventive like the first one .
Copping to how unrealistic your movie is by excusing it -LRB- no , no , it 's a video game ! -RRB- , rather than running with it , is a mistake that Taylor and Neveldine never recover from .
... an agreeable companion piece to its admittedly superior predecessor .
Waking up in the aftermath of a meth-lab explosion might be less disorienting than watching this . And if you think there 's no room for more , Neveldine/Taylor are probably a weekend and a bag of crack-filled Pixie Stix away from proving you wrong .
See this f % $ & * ing movie , mate .
Basically the co-writers and co-directors Mark Neveldine and Brian Taylor sneer at any kind of rules , decorum or morality . Anything goes , as long as it 's within the realm of exploitation-level `` B '' moviemaking .
Yet another D.O.A. for the ADD era .
Both exhilarating and exhausting , it falls just short of a fever pitch .
Click for full review
... just as sloppily caffeinated as before , with an extra layer of scummy race jokes .
The only shocking thing about it is how dull and predictable the whole enterprise is .
Adrenaline-propelled and outrageously offensive , it 's a cinematic video game that 's neither coherent nor credible .
Grisly , gory , over-the-top action-parody is n't for kids .
What you really get here is the same movie all over again -- only more so .
The directing and writing team of Mark Neveldine and Brian Taylor have between them a boundless imagination , constantly topping one absurdly overstated moment with another , even more absurd .
Bigger , dumber and even sicker than the rotgut original ... I had a blast , but do n't say you were n't warned .
So gross , brutal and just plain bad that I may never want to see another Jason Statham movie .
Crank : High Voltage is a real celebration of the phrase `` Why not ? '' . It 's big , loud and brainless - and it 's all the more glorious for it .
The constant escalation to -LSB- the filmmakers ' -RSB- inventive insanity is so breathtaking , it 's like a slap in the face to the tired hacks who make the glossy hidebound junk that passes for an action movie these days .
A self-consciously crazy action romp which overdoses on cartoonish violence and non-PC comedy .
In Crank : High Voltage , Statham just looks miserable , as if appearing in this lousy picture just sucked all the heart right out of him .
Crank : High Voltage , starring Jason Statham as a man with a machine instead of a heart , is boorish , bigoted and borderline pornographic .
Tasteless , trashy and totally over the top , Crank : High Voltage might also be one of the year 's most inventive movies . Sometimes , nothing exceeds like excess .
The movie feels like a form of aversion therapy designed to take the fun out of dumb .
Better not operate any heavy machinery after an eyeful of Crank : High Voltage
If someone was charged with creating a graphic , bizarre cartoon for adults , that someone might conceive of ` Crank 2 : High Voltage , ' one of the most insanely outrageous movies ever made .
You 're liable to watch the whole thing with an expression of bafflement on your face , surprised , delighted , and alarmed by what you 're seeing .
This Crank sequel fails to live up to the original in every way and that one did n't exactly set a high bar to begin with .
Crank : High Voltage is the superior of the two films not because it knows it 's a second helping of something that is all empty calories , but because it 's simply more than the other one .
Like its predecessor , Crank : High Voltage is speedball cinema , a pure narcotized rush of blistering action , odious stereotypes , and shock-for-shock 's - sake nastiness .
It 's so amped up that High Voltage suffers its own energy shortage well before the finale . It 's also every bit as stupid as it sounds .
Not everyone has a taste for gun-wielding strippers and Godzilla parodies , but for those who do , Crank High Voltage is like a 1,000-volt shot to the heart .
Crank : High Voltage promises something outrageous and then over-delivers , permanently deflowering and deforming the mind of anyone lucky enough to be in the audience .
There 's not enough here for me to recommend it without reservations to anyone outside of that narrow target audience .
This movie is Tarantino on speed , and without focus and style . It is in-your-face and proud of it with no apologies .
Writer-directors Mark Neveldine and Brian Taylor have written their own set of action-comedy challenges , and they slam-dunk pretty much every one .
As usual , Statham anchors the proceedings with his simmering charisma and impressive physicality .
For all its ADD editing , it 's a joyless slog .
The result , an eye-popping strobe of flesh and blood , is as visually stunning as it is absurdly offensive , sure to thrill some while leaving others in a state of outrage-induced catatonia .
William Blake may have once stated `` The road to excess leads to the palace of wisdom '' but I 'm guessing that if he ever had the opportunity to see the `` Crank '' films , he might have had second thoughts about that .
It knows what it is , almost mindless and totally kick-arse . In fact , it 's my favorite of the Crankporter flicks .
Watching this movie is like trying to survive on Red Bull and Skittles . It might keep you up for a little bit , but before too long , you 'll just want to throw up .
Crank : High Voltage is an extreme bit of lunacy that must be seen to be believed , just do n't say you were n't warned about what you were getting into after wards .
Imagine a gonzo collaboration between Jean-Luc Godard , Michael Bay and Tex Avery on a weekend meth binge , and you begin to get an idea of what writer-directors Mark Neveldine and Brad Taylor have up their sleeves .
Crank High Voltage delivers everything it promises -- if it were a politician , it 'd have my vote .
Have you ever chugged three Red Bulls right before a game of Grand Theft Auto ? This ADD-infused action sequel ... is a bit like that . Except even less family friendly .
if you 're 14 to 18 , hopped up on hormones , fresh off your daily dose of Ritalin , and ready to have your short attention span verbally and visually assaulted , you 'll be in for a toxic trip .
It is as much influenced by Looney Toons cartoons and Russ Meyer movies as it is by the anarchic new wave of action films . And it was edited , apparently , by someone with ADD .
Brash , outrageously inane and chaotically crafty , Crank 2 : High Voltage is unapologetic in its sheer penchant for graphic-induced ribaldry as its charismatic calling card .
The Stath is pretty much the most bankable name in action movies today , and his unhinged work in High Voltage , indulging in an explosion of murder and mayhem with gusto and glee , should certainly see him retain that title .
Stick two fingers up at the moral majority ... then shove them in the High Voltage socket and get ready to have your socks blown off .
Proof that you can make good movies based on video games , as long as you do n't bother making a video game first . Juice us up for Crank 3D .
The whole film is a series of frenetically-edited action sequences and bizarre set-pieces roughly stitched together to form some kind of whole . It 's been made with tongue firmly in cheek and is often funny for it .
The admirably unrestrained Taylor and Neveldine just about manage to sustain the charge in this fizzing battery of a movie , which only starts going flat towards the end .
Not quite as much fun as the from-nowhere original , but still , y' know , fackin ' shocking .
It 's a hyperactive , relentlessly violent and po-faced mean S.O.B. - and I guarantee you 'll 3/4 every minute .
This fest of violence , breasts , sex , swearing and dodgy plot turns can only be enjoyed if you do n't take it seriously .
Crank : High Voltage is all over the place and not as good as the first flick but still finds a way to deliver the entertainment , shock value and action . Check it out !
If your idea of quality entertainment is a steady diet of video games , porn and Mountain Dew commercials , Crank wants your business !
The chaotic onslaught of gruesomely violent and graphically sexual exploitation is so ugly and ceaseless this time that it eventually numbs , and then bores , the viewer .
Crank 2 : High Voltage is still an entertaining sequel but it lacks the spark of the original film and never quite reaches the same delirious heights .
Thanks to Statham , it 's often tremendous fun - and sometimes just surreal -LRB- check the Geri Halliwell cameo -RRB- - so it 's too bad its demeaning , indefensible attitude towards women and casual racism leaves such a sour taste in the mouth .
Yes , it 's supposed to be dreadful , but it turns out that `` Crank : High Voltage '' is genuinely insufferable ... Surely something so gleefully disgusting should n't have to work this hard to make an impression .
They 've cranked it up another couple notches for Crank : High Voltage , with mixed results .
Every element comes together to create a piece of gonzo genius we wo n't soon forget ... I dare you not to love every minute of it .



@highlight

Crank : High Voltage delivers on its promises : a fast-paced , exciting thrill ride that does n't take itself too seriously .