A rather ineffective followup to Tim Burton 's Alice in Wonderland ...
Carroll 's works are susceptible to so many interpretations that intelligent filmmakers , one would think , need only reach into the bag of possibilities
and choose those to generate a successful cinematic result . But reality has proved the opposite .
There is no spark , no soul , no life , but rather a whole lot of pretty things happening on the screen that wholly fail to resonate on any meaningful level
If Alice Through the Looking-Glass has a saving grace , it 's the message that women are as capable as men . But the original novels and the lovely star deserve a much better movie .
When compared to Burton 's work , this one pales in comparison . If you have n't seen his film , you are bound to find this wondrous , a journey worth taking for sure .
The 3D , the sense of adventure and the striking visuals are all just frills trying to hard sell and underwhelming story .
In the end , Alice Through the Looking Glass never descends into the black pit of the truly horrific ; instead , it simply fades from memory .
In the correct hands , Alice 2 could have been a sugar-spun confection sailing effortlessly on wordplay and visual invention . Instead , it 's a shipwreck
The rip-roaring special effects serve little purpose , other than to attempt to obscure a narrative so moronic that it 's not only offensive to Carroll fans , but confusing to anyone , Alice aficionado or not .
The result is just as disappointing as to be expected , with little to be excited about and even less of a reason to watch this in theaters .
Special effects spectacular .
Alice Through The Looking Glass is as unnecessary as you expect it to be .
No doubt the film will serve nicely as a passing amusement for the kids on a wet weekend , but overall it is a disappointing step-down for Disney 's live action output .
Curiously lacking a sense of the ` uncommon nonsense ' and freakish fun of the source novel , Alice Through The Looking Glass falls short of its potential .
This movie takes the curiosities of Wonderland and turns them into a plasticized theme park .
Overall , the cartoonish CGI overwhelms , lacking the sense of awe we saw recently in Disney 's far superior The Jungle Book .
-LSB- A -RSB- bland , overblown , characterless spectacle .
If only this film focused more on stirring up empathy from viewers , connecting viewers hearts to the characters ' pasts more than dazzling our eyes .
The film is designed purely as a kaleidoscopic confection for the eyes and , in those terms , makes for splendid family entertainment .
With a far more complex story this time around , this sequel could give a Doctor Who episode a run for its money with all the timey-whimey stuff .
A 3D nightmare .
-LSB- A -RSB- cynical , cloying farce .
A colossal waste of time that never quite musters up any enthusiasm or depth in its duration .
Ultimately , what the film lacks in narrative , it makes up for in its ability to simultaneously explore whimsy and tenderness in its characters .
While little touches here and there ca n't help but excite the senses , the lack of a nuanced story or intriguing characterizations makes maintaining interest for all two hours utterly ridiculous .
A movie could not have less to do with its source material than Alice Through the Looking Glass , a listless sequel that is a dizzying array of mediocrity .
A disappointing revisit to Wonderland which , despite its best efforts , fails to make a lasting impression .
Sacha Baron Cohen absolutely steals the show and a cameo appearance from Irish actor Andrew Scott is another definite highlight .
Looking Glass might not be a masterpiece but it is at least good natured , funny and coherent . And it 's managed to put some of the wonder back in wonderland .
Everything is weightless ; nothing is grounded in reality . The computer graphics overwhelm all .
As Alice battles roiling oceans , travels through time , storms the red castle and tries to save the space-time continuum it becomes apparent that no one actually cares .
The mourning of childhood in the face of impending adulthood as the real world encroaches gave the novel a depth and nuance desperately missing from this -LSB- Alice -RSB- . But I suppose Disney rides and attractions do n't need all that .
One of the worst films of the year . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The texture of the endeavor is more than enough to sell the attempt . These are images with some level of depth and distinction to them .
Although this film 's Alice does not pass through Lewis Carroll 's looking glass , the movie is a visual wonderland of sets , costumes and makeup .
... feels like an inferior replica of its predecessor in just about every way , again emphasizing spectacle over storytelling in a way that rarely captures the spirit of the original text .
As expected , ` Alice ' is a visual extravaganza-at times eye-popping . So much to take in , it borders on exhausting . Still James Bobin and his team have created an environment which is a pleasure to behold ...
A dour and disappointing sequel to the energetic 2010 Tim Burton feature .
-LRB- This sequel is -RRB- as if someone saw a birthday cake filling an entire room , its layers stacked to the ceiling , and decided that what we really need is more cake .
How a director could turn one of literature 's most imaginative works into such a humdrum affair is a mystery , but that 's just what James Bobin has managed to do .
This film is n't worth seeing , not even on home video . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's not just a sequel nobody asked for , it 's also a prequel that neither Lewis Carroll wrote or a movie that should exist . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
One would n't think that the overburdened , heavily CG ` ed mis-en-scene of Burton 's film could n't be surpassed in terms of sheer candy-colored enormity , but that is precisely what Bobin seems to be going for .
This Mad Hatter adventure in Wonderland is a worthy follow up to the more successful 2010 film ` Alice in Wonderland . ' In addition to adventure , there is also the kind of clever word play and sly humor one expects from the source material .
Screenwriter Linda Woolverton shows considerable ingenuity in the way she creates backstories for Lewis Carroll 's characters .
It all adds up to not much , but it is still a serviceable example of the way big-budget , potential blockbuster movies are currently required to be made .
The viewing experience of Alice Through the Looking Glass is easily summarized with just three words : `` Is that all ? ''
For a movie populated by talking animals and even more outlandish characters , it displays a surprising lack of imagination .
This much more light-hearted sequel reinvigorates the franchise after Disney 's quirky but murky 2010 reboot of Lewis Carroll 's classic , which sent the heroine into Underland for a dark adventure that spiralled into a Lord of the Rings-scale battle .
The movie is top-heavy with CGI , like icing on a gaudy wedding cake . But under that vulgar exterior beats the heart of spirited fantasy adventure , directed with buoyant panache by James Bobin .
Tweedledolt or tweedledumb ? It 's hard to know what 's worst : Alice 's preposterous self-actualizing and anachronistic faux-feminism ; or how predictable and unnecessary all the timey-wimey stuff , backstory , pop psychologizing , and CGI whiz-whooshery are .
The first film borrowed so heavily from both books there is very little left for screenwriter Linda Wolverton to work with . And it shows .
Proceed , oh audience , with utmost dread , For cinematic logic and proportion Have fallen sloppy dead .
By the end it 's hard to really engage in the narrative when you 're being assaulted with enough imagery to make you wish you had your own mirror to escape through .
It 's all a bit bloodless , with a serious shortage of laughs .
It 's an enjoyable return to Wonderland , but still missing the wonder .
-LSB- Alice Through the Looking Glass -RSB- takes echoes of familiar material and jams them together with limited success .
Takes all of the bad things about the original and makes them even worse ... of the most excruciating movies in recent memory -LRB- Splice Today -RRB-
This sequel is much better than the original . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This adaptation is like reducing Carrolls universe to the most absurd and sad parts of it . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The film barely sounds like Lewis Carroll 's work . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Disney Studios has failed completely in returning to the world of Alice , this property shoul 've been better left alone . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
` Alice Through the Looking Glass ' is n't terrible and , in fairness , does feature an inspired moment or two , but the reality is it does n't get much more unnecessary than this .
It looks fabulous and it 's busy , bombastic and sometimes funny . All of which mostly serve to cover up a thin plot .
Compared with Carroll 's brilliantly topsy-turvy logic , however , it all seems very muddled , and the original 's whimsical charm is definitely missing .
Interesting casting , truly impressive fantasy sequences , a weak story with some rhythm problems , but the personality of the characters makes it work . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Not even all that visual spectacle can save a poor script and a story that takes too long to get things going . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Through The Looking Glass had its high points , but unfortunately they were not enough to outweigh the bad .
The issue is that an Alice story needs to embrace the chaos more forcefully and see what comes tumbling out . There 's too much money wrapped up here for that to happen .
Tragically -LSB- combines -RSB- its picked-over-thrift-shop visual aesthetic with a shoulder shrug of a plot that feels straight out of a theme park ride queue video .
It might be damning with faint praise but Alice Through the Looking Glass works better than Tim Burton 's original . And if I were a kid , that would be enough .
Curiously confusing , it 's an expensive extravaganza .
This yummy film feels like a healthy choice for growing girls . Though it probably wo n't earn a billion dollars , what it offers is priceless .
A blitzkrieg of digital effects and a kind of HG Wells meets Hogwarts aesthetic is not enough to distract from the fact that the storytelling is all smoke and mirrors and very little in the way of heart .
The structurally fragile screenplay does n't stop the movie from being fun enough to justify the return to Wonderland . -LSB- Full review in Portuguese -RSB-
A headache inducing ménage of Lewis Carroll 's beloved characters tossed into a cacophonous tempest of family squabbles and lessons learned .
The Walrus and the Carpenter are nowhere to be found in Alice Through the Looking Glass , meaning audiences will have to make do with the addition of Marty McFly and Captain Jack Sparrow .
Kids might well be entranced by the colors and cartoonish performances here . But grown-ups will likely groan .
James Bobin 's gruesomely bland Alice Through the Looking Glass both compounds the flaws of its predecessor and offers precisely none of the residual weirdness .
Are we quite sure the Mad Hatter is n't responsible for the screenplay rather than the returning Linda Woolverton ?
Sacha Baron Cohen 's clever and time-less performance elevates this sequel which outdoes the original in laughs , charm and heart . Worth a return trip down the rabbit hole .
A journey that 's too tiring visually , too rushed narratively speaking and efective just to deliver entertainment . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The fragile script struggles to surpass a series of narrative inconsistencies while the character motivaions are next to none in this color saturated visual display . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Alice Through the Looking Glass is more of a shiny , yet hollow , Disney product than meaningful continuation of Alice 's story .
All frosting , no cake .
No amount of computer graphics can replace the touchy-feely tactile world of actors acting on a set with other real-life actors and costumed characters - something Alice so sorely misses .
This sequel to Tim Burton 's 2010 dazzler is also a visual spectacular filled with magical nonsense .
An incoherent and surprisingly underwhelming display , Alice Through the Looking Glass will probably make a fortune at the box office , but it 'll leave a sour taste in your mouth .
Alice Through the Looking Glass was always going to be something of a stretch . The best material from the Lewis Carroll novel on which it is based was greedily excavated , in 2010 , by Tim Burton for his smash hit 3D Alice in Wonderland .
Just who does Johnny Depp think he is ? ... Madonna , Lucille Ball or Ronald McDonald . Depp is supposed to be the draw ... but as this second feature makes abundantly clear , he 's the biggest liability because he feels so artificial .
So much fine motion-capture technology in service of so little . It 's final proof -LRB- as if more were needed -RRB- that the best visual tricks are futile without a good story to enhance .
A fine supporting cast includes a crazed Helena Bonham-Carter , the special effects are splendid , but the film is hamstrung by a storyline that just does n't hang together .
Ever wondered about the troubled childhood of the Mad Hatter ? Me neither .
When it comes to making us wonder , it 's a bit predictable .
A gorgeous production with marvelous special effects and set designs . It 's a treasure trove of delights to behold .
One of the more unnecessary sequels in an age of unnecessary sequels .
I do n't remember the last time I saw actors more dispirited and bored than in Alice Through the Looking Glass .
Lewis Carroll 's wonder and weirdness is replaced with sound and fury .
The film might have all sorts of distracting sets and bits of plot that go nowhere , but it remains firmly Alice 's story with Wasikowska creating a self-assured young woman who is n't cocky , but knows what she wants .
It 's an achievement of sorts , but it 's worlds away from the poignant lunacy of the Lewis Carroll books .
Fun but quickly forgettable .
Whatever issues I might have with Alice Through the Looking Glass , it 's still refreshing to be able to say that the 3D is a treat .
It 's better than the first film without being `` good . ''
Another CG 3D slog . Helena Bonham Carter is one of the film 's few virtues . Why Does S.B. Cohen 's Time sound like Werner Herzog ?
Uneven , less-violent sequel has girl-empowerment theme .
Noisy , soulless and utterly lacking in magic ... this Alice has it all !
A solid kids ' movie in the old style . One with something to say about something real - family and time - and a willingness to admit consequences , even as it serves up goofy humor , mild thrills , and slippy-slidey accents from slumming stars .
Alice Through The Looking Glass reeks of perfunctory professionalism .
There 's not enough of the familiar , beloved Alice in Wonderland characters nor is there much humor or fun .
There is certainly enough to keep the eye engaged , but the Mad Hatter 's father complex is n't enough to propel `` Alice Through the Looking Glass . ''
Some things , however , never go out of fashion : like sympathetic characters and coherent storytelling . Alice Through the Looking Glass has neither .
It has very little to do with the novel by Lewis Carroll . Indeed , it 's so bizarre and different that you may feel you 've gone through the looking glass yourself .
By the time Alice says to The Mad Hatter , `` I feel like I shall never see Wonderland again , '' you 'll be saying to yourself `` God , I hope she 's right . ''
Perhaps it 's a bit brighter , less violent , and more contained , and the effort does improve on the original movie , but a dearth of joy remains , returning to a realm in serious need of a practical set and some Prozac .
This followup to the 2010 massive , Tim Burton-directed , 3D hit `` Alice in Wonderland '' is weaker than its predecessor in almost every way .
An okay diversion , sure to enthrall younger viewers while it might eventually engage older ones in tow . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Scary Scenes , etc. - Also Available -RRB-
A pointless exercise no one needs
This sprawling tale trades yet again on cultural affection for Alice , the Hatter and the Red Queen without incorporating them into a story or a design that can stand on its own feet .
Burton had the right idea sitting this one out ; one trip to `` Wonderland '' was plenty .
As Lewis Carroll should have said : Efficiency is no substitute for enchantment .
A film with vision , drive , purpose , and a palpable , pulsating heartbeat . Early detractors claiming this radically superior follow-up is absent of magic must have seen a different movie , because it 's swimming in enchantment .
All effects . No substance . No fun .
Such elaborate , soulless whimsy that the silliness soon becomes a tedious nightmare .
Spectacular visuals ! No story to follow but costumes and Sacha Baron Cohen are terrific . Only thing to ask is ` Who played Johnny Depp ? '
Gorgeous production design and some cool stunts do not make up for a story that begins as passable and ends as painful .
Alice Through the Looking Glass is another overblown and unnecessary multi-million dollar sequel that will make money solely because of who 's involved rather than the uninspiring content it provides .
Well hey , at least it 's pretty to look at .
Colorful and chaotic , Alice Through the Looking Glass is a mixed-up mess of origin stories , time-travel tropes and subdued silliness .
It will likely come as no surprise either that the visuals , like the previous instalment , dazzle here utilising 3D technology much more than its predecessor .
If you can see past the problems , Alice Through the Looking Glass is enjoyable , visually spectacular and finally satisfying .
`` Who Ticked their last Tock ? '' This franchise . Which is a shame .
Cramming lots of Lewis Carroll 's beloved characters into a story of its own imagining , Disney 's follow-up to 2010 's Wonderland is as yummy-looking as an Easter Egg ... but just as hollow .
It still does n't make complete sense , but its weirdness remains a virtue .
Here 's a question that no studio executive bothered to answer : Why should audiences return to Wonderland when it was n't such a wonder the last time they were there ?
A precision-engineered marvel of modern movie technology with a bit of a hollow centre .
Remember , this is n't Lewis Carroll in any way , shape or form . It 's a sugary cake with EAT ME on it , and `` I 'm better than the last one '' in necessary small print .
Against a backdrop that looks like Thomas Kinkade has thrown up on his canvas , the figures -LRB- are -RRB- based on characters created by Lewis Carroll , but as close to the author as Beetle Bailey is to Stephen Crane .
An improvement from the first one . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Just like it 's predecessor , it has some female empowerment elements but it 's no enough to save it from being just an obvious cash in . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The problem with the film is that it distorts the concept and escense of the characters and there are so many changes that theres little left of Carols work . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The film starts just fine but it slowly becomes predictable until we get to an ending that does n't really do anything to help the movie . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A total waste of time . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Just machine-tooled CGI fantasy fare .
Alice Through the Looking Glass provides answers to questions no one asked . Along the way , it reduces some of the more beloved characters -- the Rabbit , the March Hare , Tweedledee and Tweedledum -- to little more than celebrity cameos .
Alice , of Alice in Wonderland fame , is dead to me now . Alice Through the Looking Glass has killed her off as a viable character for a movie .
Children go to Lewis Carroll in search of lunacy . But this soulless Disney contraption , a sequel to Tim Burton 's hit Alice in Wonderland , instead offers child-psyche self-pity .
Wonderland is supposed to be some enchanting world . But it 's hard to find delight or meaning when Lewis Carroll 's original whimsy is treated as a half-forgotten backdrop in a self-serious story .
A whimsy-free business , in Wonderland , of all places ! There could be no more ironic stand-in for today 's franchise-mad movie marketplace , here to lop the heads off any and all creative personnel .
While the film looks good visually , the quirks irritate .
Bobin , who can do low-key , as in TV 's Flight of the Conchords , and keyed-up , as in Muppets Most Wanted , goes no-key in Alice Through the Looking Glass . He directs so anonymously , it 's as if he 's imitating Burton on a bad day .
A more enjoyable and cohesive film than its ephemeral predecessor . Which is n't saying a huge amount , but still ...
The best way to approach `` Looking Glass '' is as a two-hour 3-D special effects demonstration reel . With lowered expectations it might not be so bad .
A better title might be `` Alice Through the Funhouse Mirror , '' though there 's little fun on the other side .
The movie is gaudy , loud , complacent , and vulgar . As such , it 's acceptable entertainment for 21st-century children and audiences who want to be treated like children .
The original Alice in Wonderland had problems , but it now looks like a classic compared to all of the miscues and misfires of Alice Through the Looking Glass .
Visually , Alice through the Looking Glass has its moments but pretty backgrounds and clever special effects ca n't obscure the disappointment resulting from a half-baked script and a miscast villain .
Shorn of much of the whimsy and wordplay that made Carroll 's Alice tales immortal and Tim Burton 's Alice in Wonderland a treat , this belated revisiting fractures the narrative and tries the patience .
Question : Is the exhausting , utterly uninvolving Alice Through the Looking Glass somehow worse than Tim Burton 's execrable Alice in Wonderland ? Answer : Probably .
`` Alice Through the Looking Glass '' is a movie for anyone who ever skimmed a passage of Lewis Carroll and thought , `` This is great , but it could use a bit more ` Terminator . ' ''
Alice Through the Looking Glass is a needless sequel that at least gets some points for imaginative effort .
Alice Through the Looking Glass proves to be a yawn-inducing sequel that drags like a rake through sand .
There are contrivances in the story and some of the performances still hover on the annoying side , but this sequel is surprisingly a better effort than its predecessor , with some fun action and inventive visuals to enjoy .
The screenplay -LRB- by Linda Woolverton -RRB- is n't exactly heaving with brilliant ideas , but it works well enough as a blank canvas against which the special-effects team goes bonkers .
We 're forced along on a journey of salvation for a character who is beloved by the rest of the cast , but not by the audience .
`` I fear I may never see you again , '' Alice laments to the Hatter toward the end of the movie . After one sequel too many , we can only hope she 's right .
The attempts at sentiment are heavy-handed . The Mad Hatter has Daddy Issues . Alice has Mommy Issues . The Red Queen has Sister Issues . Ugh .
Where Carroll 's Through the Looking Glass celebrated fantasy and un-logical fun , Bobin 's sequel pushes real-world problems on to the residents of Wonderland , as if suddenly they had dropped into a Lifetime Channel movie .
Lewis Carroll fortunately only wrote two Alice books , which therefore means that , strictly speaking , there ca n't be a third film in this irksome series ... or can there ?
Like its predecessor , it 's a visually stunning and imaginative film that wows with craftsmanship and technical prowess , but fails to woo emotionally .
Too often `` Alice Through the Looking Glass '' feels like a slog through time .
Once again , Depp is all tics , weird hair and crazy quirks-and Sacha Baron Cohen glides right in and steals the show .
Director James Bobin duplicates the visually stunning world he inherited from Tim Burton , who helmed 2010 's Alice in Wonderland . However , the meandering pacing and convoluted storytelling make for a lackluster tea party .
The film 's special effects are quite something to behold , though Alice 's travels through time go on for too long . The old , familiar characters serve merely as a Wonderland Greek chorus , but add nothing new to the story .
Look no further than this if you want to figure out why most kids would much rather play Minecraft than go to a theater .
What does all this have to do with Lewis Carroll ? Hardly anything . It 's just an excuse on which to hang two trite overbearing fables and one amusing one .
Depp 's irritatingly shrill Mad Hatter is as difficult to listen to as he is to look at .
Special effects and ingenious production design can not conceal a spectacular hollowness at the core of a ruined childhood legend .
The plot does little other than serve as a vehicle for the eye candy of colorful characters and wondrous landscapes .
If you see `` Alice Through the Looking Glass , '' prepare to lean forward in your seat just to stay awake .
A dull , formulaic theme-park ride whose only purpose is to make more pots of money .
To paraphrase Lewis Carroll , the movie 's running as fast as it can , but still remains in the same place .
A pitiful sequel that decisively sullies any goodwill one might have felt for these Disney-fied versions of Lewis Carroll 's famed characters .
A dreary recitation of clichéd contemporary nostrums , albeit one decked out in all the flashily empty finery that state-of-the-art CGI can deliver .
` Alice Through the Looking Glass ' is not a waste of time , but it also is n't time well spent .
The film fails to anchor its CGI or events with emotional heft .
Every line reading feels like a contractual obligation .
Next to other recent Disney films , this really falls behind . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's not the characters , it 's the story that dulls this Looking Glass .
A mess of lame attempts at wit , faux profundity and unearned emotional resolutions .
It 's briskly paced and sometimes neat to watch in reality-bending 3-D , but none of it is quite as head-spinning as it should be .
There is a pleasurable zip and zing to Through the Looking Glass that marks it out as fine escapist fare for children .
Frenetic , visually overstuffed fantasy sequel has precious little to do with Lewis Carroll , but international audiences will likely succumb to the spectacle .
`` Alice Through the Looking Glass '' feels as cluttered as an old curiosity shop , one filled with Burton 's discarded odds and ends .
Sumptuous , dazzling visuals along with some campiness and captivating performances compensate for emotional hollowness , a dull narrative and lack of substance .
Hugely expensive and extravagantly stupid , `` Alice Through the Looking Glass '' is just one more silly Hollywood mashup , an innocent fantasy morphed into a noisy would-be blockbuster .
All the candy-colored visuals and outsized performances in Underland ca n't make up for this sequel 's thoroughly unimaginative story and cookie-cutter execution .
Hyperactive , insufferable , wonderless and -- oh , where 's a good vorpal sword when you need one ?
By all appearances , this film feels like it 's going to seize the reins of the old , Imagineering Disney mojo , but the story squanders that with a rehash of Burton 's film - and by presenting Alice as selfish and annoyingly obstinate .
... like being on one of those cooking challenge shows , ordered to make a chocolate cake , and told that your secret ingredient is a tray of horse manure .
Unless a Red Queen road trip is on tap next , it might be time to retire the Looking Glasses for a while .
These movies just do n't get Carroll at all , but most viewers do n't mind .
Alice Through The Looking Glass is not particularly good . It 's a classic case of sequel bloat , a film that seems to exist less because of any extended story it wants or needs to tell than because it must repackage something that was once popular .
The Wonder is gone .
As has been the case with many of the recent spate of Disney live-action , 3D endeavours the heart and soul which characterises -LSB- Disney 's -RSB- classics just is n't present .
There are just too many things going on ...
The Alice stories could be so wonderful on the big screen . Maybe it 's time for Disney to scrap all this , and start again .
Believes six impossible things - like implausible character motivations , or big emotions - because they 're in the script , without bothering to earn them .
There is n't enough whimsy in the world to save this unengaging story .
Wonderland should be a place you can always visit for weird surreal shenanigans . That 's what the sequel is .
A dark and dank hellscape of hideously malformed creatures , where charm and whimsy and even Lewis Carroll 's peerless wordplay go to die .
Destined to be looked over by awards groups for costumes , make-up , production design and effects , but all of this barely makes up for its lack of narrative coherence .
there 's no soul to any of it : not in its wholly unsurprising plot twists ; not in its noisy action set pieces ; and certainly not in the performances
James Bobin ups the ante of what Tim Burton did in the first one with more crazy colors and psychodelic use of 3D . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Barely leaves you time to think .
A less-than-mediocre follow-up with a small handful of interesting ideas .
In James Bobin 's Alice Through the Looking Glass we 're less versed on the story , and thus more reliant on a more captivating narrative - which is exactly what this underwhelming title is without .
Here 's a rarity : a summer sequel that 's far better than its predecessor .
A wonderful , vibrant , inventive and visually astonishing film , this Alice does justice to the Lewis Carroll creation and justifies harvesting that beloved old world
It feels as though all the ingredients are tossed into a giant teapot and shaken too wildly , although the film looks wonderful with its imaginative ideas and extraordinary visual effects
In Depp 's filmography , Alice Through The Looking Glass sits between a dog smuggling apology video and Yoga Hosers ... By the end of Alice , if you had to guess which one he did ` for the love of acting ' , you 'd go with the dog video .
Overall an entertaining and effective spectable , with some excellent sequences . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Cohen 's performance is excellent , Alice is still a wonderful heroine , the visuals are stunning and there is a beating heart beneath the gloss . If you 're tempted , why not take a trip ?
Baron Cohen is a refreshingly dark addition to the previous picture 's candy-coloured world -- it 's a nutty thrill to see him and Depp trying to out-weird one another in a scene in which Time is taunted with temporally-based wordplay .
Ready or not , here comes the sequel , the result of which is a flashier , more vibrant adventure -- albeit with the same muddy storytelling and two-dimensional characters .
Wasikowska gives it her all , and Cohen shines , but while this is a better film than the first , that was a low bar to reach .
Alice ends up being nothing more than another needless tinkering of the Lewis Carroll mythos that 's grueling to sit through at its worst-which is most of it .
Linda Woolverton 's writing remains sharp , and the production design is wonderfully strange .
The biggest problem with Alice Through the Looking Glass : There 's just not enough story here to make a movie ... yet , this movie exists .
The result is an always diverting , never dull fantasy that rarely stays still long enough for the viewer to pick holes .
Oh , what a deliciously horrific idea this movie was !
A parade of gaudy CGI and strained whimsy , `` Alice Through The Looking Glass '' proves even more manic and grating than its 2010 predecessor . This fantastical film never takes flight .
A clunky composite of visual extravagance and Hollywood commonplaces about a life well lived .
The problem with `` Alice '' is its lack of narrative imagination .
Depp grimaces and prances in his mad Scottish-kabuki drag , Hathaway flutters like a glittery sparrow , and Bonham Carter brings bite and pathos to her Red Queen .
In crude terms : Alice 's second trip to Underland was n't worth the wait .
The visuals seem less muddled , and the plot is n't just an excuse to stick another sword into the hand of another fairytale character , but it 's still a bright and shiny jumble of effects attempting to cover up the utter lack of interesting characters .

@highlight

Alice Through the Looking Glass is just as visually impressive as its predecessor , but that is n't enough to cover for an underwhelming story that fails to live up to its classic characters .