Alas , LaBute loses it entirely in the third and final act , when he yields entirely to genre convention and allows it all to explode into a shoot-out of the utmost silliness .
An intense drama about neighbors who ca n't get along .
Is n't much fun either as social commentary or procedural guignol .
Lakeview Terrace is n't anywhere as wacky as LaBute 's Wicker Man remake , yet the two reveal an artist too caught up with his misanthropic conceits to notice the ridiculous humor in them .
This angry black man wants a ` chocolate drop ' of his own -- yes , ` chocolate drop ' is actually used in this film ! However , it 's such a weak movie that you wo n't get offended .
It 's ironic when the tactics it uses to ratchet up the suspense actually reduces the very real tension that gets communicated in its first half .
As a thriller , it 's passable , but at what point do we say to director Neil LaBute , `` Enough already with the misogynistic themes '' ?
The race-baiting thriller Lakeview Terrace is exactly what you would expect from a screenplay by a Hollywood hack and an established playwright : some sharp dialogue grafted onto a credibility-stretching and familiar plot . -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB-
Lakeview Terrace is not a hit by any means , but it is a lot better than Jackson 's last film Snakes on a Plane and much improved for director Neil LaBute , known for his previous work on The Wicker Man .
... should satisfy fans of '' -LRB- fill in the blank -RRB- from hell '' thrillers .
As a thriller it 's solid three-star tension . As a Samuel L. Jackson showcase it proves a man can only coast through so many motherfuckin ' or milquetoastin ' turns before having to display his full and overpowering talent .
The yawning chasm between the film 's aspirations to social significance and its cheese-o-licious straight-to-video construction make it a chucklesome guilty pleasure .
A potboiler with pretensions that 's never really at the races .
It 's a terrifically unstable performance that is admirably matched by the exasperated victims . The ending is too allegorical for its own health , but this is intelligent cinema .
From certain angles , Lakeview Terrace may look neurotic or even reactionary , but I found it bracingly tactless , particularly because interracial couples are still something of a taboo in modern Hollywood .
Yet despite the crudeness that finally overtakes Lakeview Terrace , it may be a more accurate representation of racial attitudes in Los Angeles than many inhabitants would care to admit .
After multiplex clinkers like Jumper and Cleaner , Lakeview Terrace does give Jackson somewhere to move that actually brings the house down .
Lacking even a Changing Lanes level of insight into America 's racial partition , this old-school , domestic-invasion thriller still has Samuel L Jackson 's twisted enforcer to push the right buttons .
Having an angry Samuel L Jackson as your nasty neighbour would be anybody 's idea of bad news . Tense and terrifying , this is a smart thriller .
It 's uncomfortable viewing .
But this cop , played with wicked finesse by Jackson while the script allows , deserves the chance to strut his hour in the smoke-free sun .
Lakeside Terrace allows the antagonism to simmer just so , and then , regrettably , lets it boil over in a climax of gunplay and a swathe of Californian brush fires , perhaps the most crashingly symbolic conflagration since Apocalypse Now .
The script provocatively plays on white middle-class liberal fears and the direction is deft , but characters are flimsy and even Jackson ca n't force you to swallow a final act that 's hysterical - and not in a good way .
Happily , it 's not only a return to form for the one-time Mormon and agent provocateur , it also offers Samuel L Jackson his first decent part in years .
This straightforward crazed-madman thriller is trying to pass itself off as an insightful look at racial tension , but it 's simply not strong enough to pull off the trick .
Treading into Unlawful Entry and Pacific Heights territory - where marital idylls are threatended by an outsider - LaBute 's film is more about machismo than race .
Strong performances ensure that this remains watchable , but it pulls all its potential punches and ends up as a neutered version of the film it should have been .
This one literally burns up the screen in a blistering and explosive thriller that keeps you nervously on edge for two solid hours .
Lakeview Terrace is well enough made to partly overcome my general distaste for films ... that are unpleasant , yet without catharsis or edification
LaBute 's message has consistently been that no matter the privileges society affords , we 're all just bad monkeys in the end .
The movie is directed by Neil LaBute , whose history suggests he 's comfortable making his audience just uncomfortable enough to make a lasting impression .
I found it scary at times and I was tense and I was on the edge of my seat , , but ultimately it did spiral out of control and get a little ridiculous .
A polished , self-conscious heir to such unapologetic grindhouse race-baiters as 1977 's ` Fight for Your Life ' ...
The film falls apart .
The actors make it watchable , but with these incendiary themes , ` watchable ' is n't exactly a wildfire .
An intriguing and provocative thriller .
Neil LaBute has n't made a really good film in 8 years .
This is a b-grade thriller , but with A-list directing and acting . Jackson turns this routine thriller into something worth going to the theater for .
Like the fires creeping toward the Lakeview Terrace neighborhood , the film soon gets out of control and flies off the deep end .
Such a hammer-on-anvil approach that it 's clear LaBute and his writers place little trust in subtlety and damn near none in off-message complexity .
Drums up the odd moment of effective mild suspense before succumbing to standard genre shenanigans
It will at least be of value to sociologists .
Your annoying neighbor stories do n't hold a candle to this tale of suspense in ` Lakeview Terrace , ' a thriller from Neil LaBute .
Neil Labute 's examination of the dark fringes of human emotion make Samuel L. Jackson 's bulging glare and looming stature unnerving , yet believably sympathetic .
Samuel L. Jackson at his mother ******* best !
... I do n't know how much the LAPD pays it 's officers , but I do n't think it 's enough to by a beautiful house in the hills .
LaBute makes it work , hitting hot-button issues in the confines of a rattling thriller .
A glossy `` bad cop '' thriller that achieves only a banal , surface-level recreation of Neil LaBute 's old cage-rattling proclivities .
Strong performances matched with a strong script . Jackson is outstanding
Surprise , surprise . Lakeview Terrace is smarter than its B-movie plot suggests .
Despite his Mason/Dixon-stoking diva stylings , I sincerely doubt Sam Jack will gain as much eventual YouTube infamy as LaBute 's last leading man .
... degenerates from a potentially thoughtful exploration of hot-button issues to just another over-the-top thriller .
Slick , dramatic , and occasionally convincing , but at the end of the day it feels less like reality and more like Hollywood-does-a-race-fable .
Already an important and controversial American playwright , Neil LaBute is looking to make the same individual mark as a director in films . His most recent effort is an incisive and poignant meditation on race , class and gender relations in America .
Worst case scenario moviemaking , with interracial mating as the cinematic incendiary device of choice , along with Jackson 's honed terror tactics that can make you shrivel with the slightest disapproving snarl .
This is as stupid , hollow , and irresponsible a movie as any I 've seen , and I 've seen Ilsa : She-Wolf of the SS .
A molasses-paced flick which rings false from beginning to end , from its patently absurd premise clear through to its unintentionally funny resolution .
Aside from the uneven pacing , it 's a thought-provoking film and pretty entertaining . I just do n't think it needed to be a thriller . It just seemed like an excuse to start people talking .
... a thunderously stupid ending that has all the markings of a heavy dose of production notes .
A good beginning implodes under the wieght of the script 's ridiculous and convaluted third act .
A nasty neighbor movie that fails to engage us .
It starts off with a promising jolt of menace but soon deteriorates into predictable , formulaic mayhem that 's rooted in prejudice .
There 's no real surprises , except for how clueless the characters are .
Aside from the weak final act , this is a movie about black and white that refreshingly focuses on the gray .
Labute 's reputation rests in large part on his penchant for provocation and his facility in inverting cliches , and both are on full display in Lakeview Terrace .
Compared to other LaBute films , Lakeview Terrace is rather tame . That 's probably true , but he still leaves you feeling as if you need to go home and take a hot , soapy shower .
Lakeview Terrace is a serviceable enough popcorn exercise in a few floundering Angelenos who ca n't just get along .
Some moments are satisfying and they linger , and then it all becomes so ridiculous , the film falls apart .
The movie 's only mark of restraint is the absence of an earthquake .
This tediously predictable thriller about Los Angeles yuppies terrorized by their blue-collar neighbor is undone by its pretensions to seriousness .
Jackson has n't had a role this good or this complex in many a moon , even if the rote ending betrays the complexity of the set-up .
Subtlety is not the strong suit of Lakeview Terrace . In fact , it 's a suit Lakeview Terrace has n't even heard of .
A racial thriller that may be the feel-bad movie of the summer .
In its overall shape and message , Lakeview Terrace is a conventional suspense thriller , but the details kick it up a notch .
A would-be thriller lacking in suspense , Lakeview Terrace nonetheless commands attention throughout .
Lakeview Terrace grabs a fistful of hot-button story elements -- race , sex , politics -- and promptly mixes them into the thriller equivalent of tapioca .
Lakeview Terrace -LSB- is -RSB- an unsettling address for everyone -- black , white or ` blue ' .
The setup is intriguing , but the execution is juvenile and at times stupid .
Lakeview Terrace holds your interest , though the bad faith on all sides makes it something of an endurance test .
Terrace pretends to be about the persecution of a mixed-race couple when really it 's about how anyone might react living next door to the shark from Jaws .
The movie is purportedly a thriller , a la Unlawful Entry or Pacific Heights , but the whole thing is so listless and mechanical , watching it is a curiously dispiriting experience .
Lakeview Terrace is a lot of things you never expected it to be . And most of those things are smart , complicated and provocative in the best way .
Lakeview Terrace may smack of cheap exploitation , but it 's pretty great exploitation .
Lakeview Terrace winds itself into a predictable tale , but the performances set this one apart from the genre pack .
A house of cards only stands still if carefully placed , but with ` Lakeview Terrace ' , too many false and quick moves doomed it .
As Lakeview Terrace moves forward , it becomes clear this is n't a movie about the shuffling of black and white ; it 's a film about abusing power and desperately clinging to the status quo . It 's a film about the fear of the future .
Lakeview Terrace 's resistance to being one thing suggests the time has come when a movie featuring an interracial couple can no longer be merely about race and racism .
This is being marketed as a slam-bang entertainment , but it 's also one of the toughest and most relevant movies of the year .
The movie might have something to say about black racism , but the conversations go nowhere , and the cliches of the genre take over .
The film quickly exhausts its prickly humor and blows everything it has to say about class and generation gaps and race .
Essentially , what they do is sabotage their own production , and what could have been a solid film about regret , loss , race and marriage instead transforms into a liturgy of idiocies and clichés that totally boggle the mind .
This is the kind of movie where every bad guy has his decent side , every hero is merely half-hearted , and the genre beats we except from the story come buried in sidebars of dense characterization and unnecessary sideways subplotting .
Oh , to live to see such a rarity : a horror movie for grownups ! No mad slashers ... -LSB- j -RSB- ust the plausible pettiness of human nastiness slowly , inexorably building to a tragedy of suburban proportions .
Director Neil Labute may be a hired hand on `` Lakeview Terrace , '' but the film fits his oeuvre of men behaving badly
Unfortunately , the feud set in motion here trades on crude sterotypes that are still in play .
Samuel L. Jackson pulls off an extremely terrifying performance in this formulaic thriller which looses all of its sizzle with an AWFUL ending .
Under the microscope of this movie , it takes only the smallest spark of ill will to inflame whatever lies directly below the skin -- whatever color that skin happens to be .
A great trio of actors and a talented writer/director inject Lakeview Terrace with enough unexpected left turns to barely keep it worth recommending .
Considered purely as a formal exercise , Lakeview Terrace is a passable piece of hackwork , with some adequately suspenseful passages .
I find movies like this alive and provoking , and I 'm exhilarated to have my thinking challenged at every step of the way .
In its second half , Lakeview Terrace runs out of steam , culminating in a flatly directed climax , complete with halos of police lights , whirling helicopters and declamatory dialogue .
... conventional but compellingly caustic ... LaBute 's excitable exposition is passable enough to sustain the manufactured intrigue and tension
I do n't care how over the top , melodramatic and contrived this movie is , it is entertaining .
Lakeview Terrace waves bye-bye much earlier on than it should and that 's a shame because it would have been so nice to see such lofty reflections getting along in a thriller for mass consumption .
Very much another gleaming surface Hollywood entertainment , but LaBute has once again managed to find something squirming and icky -- and horrifyingly truthful -- inside .
by a wide margin , the director 's weakest effort to date
Lakeview Terrace is obvious when you most want it to be stealth .
Slick , savvy and well executed , Lakeview Terrace is a typical studio release polished to a blinding sheen thanks to a superior cast and Neil LaBute , America 's most dazzlingly gifted un-famous film director .
A tense and mostly satisfying take on race relations and the deep-seeded hatred some try to suppress , Lakeview Terrace realistically depicts such a heated scenario by giving equal voice to both sides .
Director Neil LaBute struggles mightily to turn a reliable B-movie premise -LRB- maniac cop goes too far -RRB- into a deep social commentary about race , or real estate , or something , but the result is an inexplicable mess .
When Lakeview Terrace concentrates on its characters , it 's somewhat watchable . Unfortunately , this dramatic thriller is more determined to make a point -- repeatedly and pretty stridently -- rather than doing that .
Like a bad roller coaster . It sure is fun getting to the top , but everything else is a letdown and you walk away feeling a little ripped off .
It provokes just to provoke , and that 's not just discomforting , it 's reckless .
As social commentary , it does n't go deeply enough , and as a psychological thriller , it peters out in silliness .
No matter how much the film wants to be an examination of race relations , it 's really just a medium-grade potboiler , watchable but unmemorable .
A lurid finale and some late-game script weaknesses work to diminish a character that Jackson has worked hard to embellish .
By the time the film 's frantic , far-fetched climax comes along , Lakeview Terrace 's pretense at exploring racial intolerance has been exposed for what it really is : a B-movie copout .
When -LSB- director -RSB- LaBute pulls the grenade pin on racism and interracial relationships in Lakeview Terrace , viewers should know to duck and cover .
What begins as a button-pushing think piece concludes by pushing all the wrong buttons and losing sight of the bigger picture .
Granted , this is hardly Wicker Man 2 : NOT THE BEES ! , but LaBute should be counted on for a movie with more teeth than what Lakeview Terrace is prepared to offer
As a bonkers third-act leads to a crazy-crazy bang-bang finale , the movie becomes as unhinged as -LSB- Jackson -RSB- .
Scary , racism-themed thriller is n't for kids .
A slightly poky thriller punctuated by some effectively tense scenes .
It 's too bad the movie 's moderately intriguing qualities are buried under the final half-hour 's avalanche of predictability .
The movie 's premise is suitably nerve-wracking and hits close to home : Who has n't had to deal with a slightly whacked neighbor at some time ? The addition of the law-enforcement angle is a clever twist .
Lakeview Terrace is boilerplate stuff through and through , aiming to play on our shared fear of a besieged home life but settling instead for being a bland study in improbable vigilantism and profound domestic irritation .
Is this hell ? Or a war zone ? Maybe it 's both , man . That 's deep .
Ca n't we all just get along ? LaBute does n't deign to pretend that he knows the answer .
Flawed but intriguing thriller ... while the movie is basically a potboiler , the brew that it keeps simmering is more potent than most .
Samuel L. Jackson is one of our best actors - an effortlessly mesmerizing presence - yet all filmmakers and audiences seem to want to watch him do is blow his top .
There really is n't very much tension or the scares some might hope for ... the movie 's last ten minutes try to overcompensate with lots of action after nearly 90 minutes of rather mundane mindgames .
As a huge fan of LaBute 's usual work , I 'd like to believe he intended Lakeview Terrace as a mockery of dopey conventions and that his heightened sense of irony just floated over my head .
` Lakeview Terrace ' begins as a tense , compelling tale of ideological opposites headed for an ugly clash and ends in contrived melodrama as Abel completes his transformation from badge-waving bully to bogeyman .
A potentially decent B-picture stymied by the director 's newfound tendency to stay within the lines .
Unfortunately , Jackson is the best thing here .
The rest of Lakeview is cravenly engineered to make Wilson 's squishy liberal hero a man , and the only surprise is that Neil LaBute directed it for hire .
Well acted and tautly directed , it 's a movie whose juice is its realism , the easily recognizable situation , the paranoia that any homeowner can identify with .
Lakeview Terrace is gripping , ambitious and , by the time it ends , quite stupid .
It 's important to clearly state that Jackson and LaBute 's cynical routines in Lakeview Terrace offend human decency , but I 'm brushing their dirt off my shoulder .
Mr. LaBute has fashioned a suspenseful film out of the peculiar vagaries of the casting , which makes us fear the worst at every turn of the plot .
If an actor this talented is going to slum it in hokey , over-the-top thrillers , I 'd prefer he direct his anger at those mother-effing snakes on that mother-effing plane .
By confronting racial issues of many varieties head-on and without flinching , it becomes an explosive work of social commentary
Samuel L. Jackson , in top , scenery-chewing form , is probably the biggest liability in Lakeview Terrace .
Simmering acceleration from the grey area of implication to the black and white reality of acute humiliation .
While not enough of a straightforward thriller to attract widescale younger audiences , the film is still a very effective showcase for the cool menace that star Samuel L. Jackson can project .
It 's a shame that the later stages of Lakeview Terrace should overheat and spill into silliness .
The neighborhood bully with a badge and a smile .
Are we really supposed to stomach a thriller in which the root of all evil is intelligent black men in power who ca n't stomach , to the point of going full-on psychotic , the sight of a white man married to a black woman ?
Call it the neighbor from hell : Having mined sexism and misogyny effectively , racism seems a good , timely subject for LaBute but he 's defeated by a psycho-political thriller that begins well but quickly deteriorates into a formulatic , logic-defying film .
Much originality and crackling dialogue in this police drama about a cop who opposes interracial marriage .
Strong performances from its talented ensemble cast do n't compensate for its narrative flaws .
Lakeview Terrace delivers fairly tense and engrossing drama before succumbing to thriller convention .
Although LaBute has created memorably lacerating portraits of male cruelty and willful dominance , this one does n't add up .













@highlight

This thriller about a menacing cop wreaking havoc on his neighbors is tense enough but threatens absurdity when it enters into excessive potboiler territory .