Crazy Heart is a wonderful picture that will immediately affect you and hold your interest to the very end .
With great performances from Bridges and Gyllenhaal , Crazy Heart is a winner and a must-see .
Basically a live-action version of the cliche country-western song with a man down on his luck and losing everything in his life , it comes close to being a joke about itself .
Bridges ' worn down country singer is as well realized as any character he 's ever done . It may take a while to get going , and to develop , and to wrap up , but there 's enough meat to make Crazy Heart worthwhile , even if it is made to last a while .
Played by a gracefully aging Jeff Bridges , Bad is an older , greasier and groggier version of The Dude
Cooper is so afraid of being bold and baring some soul , he achieves little more than the anachronistic , cookie-cutter blues that his lead character spent a lifetime trying to avoid .
Barry Markowitz 's camerawork at times captures the hazy heat of the American southwest , giving it a sepia-toned warmth , while this grainy wash gives Blake 's late-night bender scenes a green-about-the-gills feel .
Formidable acting talent aside , this is routine self-destruction-and-recovery TV movie material .
Do n't expect greatness from the man named Bad
Jeff Bridges finally won his Oscar for Crazy Heart and it was well-earned indeed .
A solid -LRB- if unremarkable -RRB- script presented in a straightforward , restrained manner but enlivened by naturalistic , honest acting , Crazy Heart is more than the sum of its parts .
It is n't perfect and it is n't wholly original in terms of narrative , but the film has a warm heart and a depth of performance that makes it deserving of recommendation .
If not for the performance of Jeff Bridges , this tedious flick would n't be nearly as involving .
The simple story of a Merle Haggard-type has been who falls in love with a younger reporter is aided greatly by excellent songs and dazzling performances by Jeff Bridges and Colin Farrell .
Bridges raises the bar -LRB- har-har -RRB- for being shafaced onscreen , stumbling and vomiting his way to the stage in podunk clubs ... ''
... an aggressively uneven piece of work that would hardly be worth mentioning were it not for the efforts of Bridges and his stellar cast mates ...
-LSB- Bridges -RSB- fully inhabits Blake , slowly revealing the bone-weariness of this singer 's extended road trips and even more extended drinking binges .
As he comes to face consequences of this recklessness , Bad sees that his badness - his success and also the limits on it - are also shaped by the business he 's in .
Tem a sorte de trazer um Jeff Bridges mais do que inspirado em seu centro -- caso contrário , poderia perfeitamente ter se tornado uma produção mais apropriada para a televisão .
If you 're not fond of country music -LRB- I 'm not -RRB- , then Crazy Heart may sound like the kind of cracker-barrel movie you should avoid . Bridges will change your mind .
If you adore country music and have actually been in a band , you 'll love Crazy Heart . Despite Bridges ' brilliance , non-aficionados might find it underwhelming .
The role of a lifetime for Jeff Bridges and he plays it to perfection
It took an Oscar-chasing role tailored for Bridges to win him this belated respect ; the movie itself is hardly worthy of him .
What a treat to see and feel an independent American movie that sifts gently across the Western landscape with a heartfelt touch - albeit dusted over with a hazy drift of nostalgia .
A phenomenal , heart-breaking performance from Jeff Bridges powers this simple but affecting redemption story .
Crazy Heart feels familiar , even comforting , offering few surprises but a wealth of lovingly crafted , immaculately judged , wholly authentic emotion .
An affable , entertaining film that rarely surprises but brings a smile to the face through the sheer charisma of its leading man .
This turn from the perennially settled and contented Bridges is pure acting . It is the best performance of the past 12 months , and indeed possibly the next .
A wonderfully easy , confident and muscular performance from Jeff Bridges - so easy , confident and muscular that it does n't look like acting at all - saves this movie from being pure sentimental mush .
Cooper 's film may not make all the right choices , but it 's got Bridges , and it 's always got the songs , among which Ryan Bingham 's The Weary Kind stands out for its haunting , choked melancholy . It 's an experience you want to indulge , and that is n't hard .
It 's not possible to flaw Bridges here . Akin to Falstaff , the detail of his characterisation - from stagger to cough to swagger to song - is fascinating . But he needs more thorough contextualisation to fly .
It 's the brilliance of Bridges that means he can be sad and pathetic , and charismatic and heroic all at the same time .
is terrific in his richest role since The Big Lebowski . But the surprise is Farrell , unexpectedly winning as the successful protégé keen to give his mentor a break .
It 's a shame then that the all-too-familiar story is never as engaging as the two leads , but with performances this strong , Crazy Heart still brings the house down .
Crazy Heart is a B-grade movie elevated to A-grade status by Bridges ' nuanced , heartbreaking performance . Gyllenhaal is terrific too as a smart woman who ca n't help loving that man .
What makes the film is its attention to detail : the locations are a picture book of Americana ; the music , overseen by T-Bone Burnett , is a precise re-creation of 1980s New Country .
Bridges is totally at ease singing the blues , so much so that it 's easy to forget those creaks in the script , as he delivers an iconic performance that 's guaranteed to pluck the heartstrings .
Bridges can play this kind of role in his sleep , and at times appears to be doing so . If he wins the Best Actor Oscar for this , it will be as a long-service medal , not a reflection of excellence in a demanding role .
While you ca n't quite shake the film 's Channel 5 matinee feel , star performances lift Crazy I Heart above the ordinary .
Jeff Bridges astounds in this beautifully acted , funny and moving film .
The film 's Texas and New Mexico landscapes are ravishing , and the songs are beautifully performed , but these offer little more than occasional relief from a very obvious tale .
You 'd have to be crazier than Joaquin Phoenix to see this film as ground-breaking . But when it 's good , it ai n't too bad at all .
The first-time writer-director Scott Cooper sets a gentle , unhurried pace as he unfolds the story .
It feels like we 've seen it a million times before but Bridges gives the film raw heart , investing Blake with a mighty appealing charisma and vulnerability .
Despite being a character study , a May-to-December romance and a slow-moving musical relationship drama , this is still one of those films in which ` nothing much happens ' - but , as such , it 's a very , very good one .
Although it 's a bit like watching Jeff Bridges look you in the eyes , waft his boozy breath in your face and shout `` CAN I HAVE AN OSCAR PLEASE ? '' , it 's difficult not to be charmed by everything about Crazy Heart .
Crazy Heart is a superbly directed , powerfully emotional drama with an unmissable central performance from Jeff Bridges .
I was n't excited about Crazy Heart . I 'd have bundled it in with The Last Station as a movie that exists only to win Oscars . Luckily , it 's not like that . Sure ting the story is a bit formulaic , but it 's an easy seven and a half out of ten .
This film feels like the cherry on top of Jeff Bridges ' fine career , giving him a terrific character who carries us through a fairly straightforward story of regret and redemption .
The narrative does succumb to formula , but Bridges and a terrific cast keep it fresh .
Jeff Bridges as Bad Blake truly embodies the phrase Oscar worthy performance ... Crazy Heart is great and wonderfully worth seeing , but Jeff Bridges performance in it , is not to be missed .
You do n't need to be a country music fan to enjoy Crazy Heart but there is a good chance you will become one afterwards thanks to this gracefully restrained and sweet drama .
This is a sad little story , told rather indulgently by the writer-director . Bridges and Gyllenhaal are superior to the film in which they appear .
Deeply felt performances , great music and pitch-perfect detail make this a film to be cherished .
Jeff Bridges ' consuming , complete performance ranks among the finest works of his considerable career .
The songs are original , blues-fueled country tunes of love and loss that remind of 1970s gems from Waylon Jennings , written in a register that fits Bridges ' low tone perfectly .
It 's a terrific , satisfying film about redemption , with an outstanding performance by Bridges
The point of Crazy Heart is to showcase -LSB- Jeff -RSB- Bridges who has been much much , much better in other films . At least this one finally gives him long overdue accolades .
I 've said it once , and I 'll say it again ; Farrell 's the real deal , and easily one of the best actors to come along in the last decade .
The movie serves as a showcase for Bridges . Through his body language and demeanor , you can imagine the toll the years of wear and tear have inflicted .
For my money , anything short of an Oscar for Bridges would be a sin . I 'd also call it the best movie of 2009 .
An impressive debut from director Scott Cooper , but it would n't be the movie it is without Jeff Bridges ' astonishingly credible performance .
Jeff Bridges wears his character , one-time star Bad Blake , as comfortably as a favorite old cowboy hat .
... we can almost taste the sour booze and smell the stale smoke ...
Bridges is perfectly attuned to every nuance of the character he plays in Crazy Heart ...
Bridges takes center stage in Crazy Heart .
Screenwriter/director Scott Cooper 's adaptation of the Thomas Cobb novel is a bit predictable , but it benefits from the casting of Bridges as the self-destructive lead .
While the screenplay for Crazy Heart does n't always ring true , Bridges does .
The low-budget `` Crazy Heart '' is just about perfect at what it does , focusing on a narrow slice of American life with precision , humor and understanding
This might be Jeff Bridges ' best performance . And he might , in fact , just take home the Academy Award for Best Actor .
This is Bridges ' show from start to finish , and he seems to be taking particular glee in letting it all hang out -LRB- sometimes literally , as a generous gut is frequently glimpsed bursting through an open shirt -RRB- .
Bridges brings all his four decades of deceptively casual charm and unpretentious smarts to what is proving to be a signature role .
Now that I 've seen Jeff Bridges ' portrayal of Blake ... I ca n't imagine another actor occupying the role .
Parental Content Review
incredibly entertaining and poignant , buoyed by a performance by Jeff Bridges that 's entirely deserving of its Oscar buzz
Cooper lets you experience Blake 's gradual reawakening right along with him , and Bridges ' superb performance -- not the slight plot -- carries the weight .
If the film itself is slight , there 's no diminishing the heft that Bridges brings .
This performance reminds us that Bridges is that rare actor who has never had to make that apology . Crazy Heart lets him be every bit as grand as we 'd hope him to be .
If Jeff Bridges earns an overdue Oscar for Crazy Heart it wo n't be for any charitable reasons . It 's arguably the best performance of his career .
It is Bad Blake 's tortured complexity that sells ` Crazy Heart , ' and Jeff Bridges captures Blake body and soul .
Without an ounce of doubt , Jeff Bridges ' portrayal of Bad Blake is superb .
One of the most underappreciated actors in Hollywood is finally getting the recognition he deserves . Jeff Bridges is the odds-on favorite to finally take home the golden statuette .
Bridges carries the movie on his back and makes Bad Blake a guy worth getting to know .
What it lacks in originality , Crazy Heart makes up for in delivery .
Who needs The Wrestler when you have The Crooner ? ''
... Bridges ' performance as Blake so transcends the clichés that he 's one of the favorites for the Best Actor Oscar this year .
The movie belongs entirely to Bridges , who won the Golden Globe for best actor in a drama . His inimitable Jeff-isms have never been more endearing - the sloppy gait , the whiskey glass balanced on his chest , his general air of discombobulation .
... the story here is Bridges and the title of that story is `` Brilliant ! ''
I wanted to walk out bowled over by Jeff Bridges and his ` performance of a lifetime , ' but I was fixated on the Colin Farrell factor .
Crazy Heart is a familiar tune , but the harmonies reverberate .
Jeff Bridges gives a stumbling , puking , unglamorous performance in Crazy Heart ... in hopes of making it to Hollywood 's glammest night .
In Crazy Heart , Jeff Bridges portrays `` Bad '' Blake , a grizzled , battered , alcoholic country singer living on the frayed edges of his fallow career . Bridges nails the role .
There is no one I would rather have play an overweight drunk . Bridges nails it .
When a movie offers you a couple of hours with a drunk , he better be a charmer . And even then , it 's a gamble ; we 've all known charming drunks , but a little can go a long way . Fortunately for Crazy Heart , it has Jeff Bridges , who brings enough charm and ve
Ultimately what Crazy Heart will always be remembered for is the genuine and poignant performance from Bridges , who should be rewarded with an Oscar nomination in a couple of weeks . Who knows ? Maybe the fifth time will be the charm .
Bridges is so spectacularly good as Bad Blake , country artist , that he 's the whole movie .
In a musical genre where emotional authenticity is essential , Bridges is a great enough actor to make us believe these songs could be his own .
It 's a bit too easy , a bit too familiar , and maybe even a bit too much fun . But the easy magic Bridges brings to the screen makes it all work .
Bridges ably does his own guitar playing and singing , another reason Crazy Heart is a gift to those who have long appreciated his talents .
Bridges plumbs the depths of this alcoholic , his bloated body strewn across a sweat-soaked mattress , clinging to his whiskey bottle as if it were his momma ... it 's a knock-out performance , devoid of all vanity .
A showcase for an actor whose deep understanding of his character is evident in every gesture and word .
Some goodwill evaporates in the final reel , when a few false endings lead to a choice that 's not the best one for Crazy Heart , but the generosity of Bridge 's performance puts us in a forgiving mood .
All hail the small movie .
As usual , Bridges makes it look easy , ramblin ' along through this ramblin ' story as if it takes no effort at all to create a three-dimensional character out of nothing .
You can see why Bridges signed on for this low-key , low-budget character study . It is n't every day an actor gets the chance to pitch face-forward into the camera , dead drunk .
Hand the Oscar to Jeff Bridges right now , and let 's be done with it .
I admire Cooper 's restraint , an attribute I 've admired in Bridges for so many years .
It all goes down as smoothly and enjoyably as a fine whiskey .
Crazy Heart finally disappoints because it 's so manifestly a character in search of a movie .
Mediocre awards-season staple with some good acting
In Bridges ' protrayal Bad is like a floating candle in a jar of gasoline % u2013 always ready to ignite . Through Jean he learns to hang on with a hope to glow once again .
The difference between ` Crazy Heart ' and ` The Wrestler ' is the quality of the female characters .
Jeff Bridges finds the perfect vehicle for his lazy charm and bitter irony in the role of Bad Blake , a washed-up country star trying to climb out of the bottle and put his life back together .
While years of VH-1 's ` Behind the Music ' and TMZ have peeled away the mystique of celebrity musicians by showing the blemishes , warts and mishaps that come with fame , Bridges still manages to make this take on a out of his luck entertainer seem fresh .
The question then -- and it 's been answered a million times before , but rarely with such scruffy , exacting eloquence -- is who is Bad Blake going to love more : the lady or the tequila ?
Like The Wrestler but with more heart , Crazy Heart delivers brilliant performances from both Bridges and Gyllenhaal .
Writer/director Scott Cooper seems to recognize his film never draws us in emotionally , so he diverts our attention by focusing on his lead actor 's performance , very obviously the locus of his creative concentration .
Like the songs Blake sings , the story feels completely authentic and fully lived .
First-time writer/director Cooper is a rare talent ; he knows how to keep his story fine-boned and small , and to write a truly complex , troubled character who nonetheless enters our hearts .
You 've seen Crazy Heart before -- many , many times , actually -- but it does n't much matter .
What distinguishes writer-director Scott Cooper 's debut is his storytelling , affecting but never maudlin , and a fearless performance by Bridges .
Bridges has re-entered Dude territory and crawled out the other side , ditching the dope , swapping the White Russians for sour mash and his bowling ball for a guitar .
Bad is a tortured , self destructive spirit dead set on being alone and miserable , though because he has ample kindness and softness lingering inside , his addictions are all the more deceptively dangerous and his fall from grace all the more pathetic .
Another minimalist exercise seeking verisimilitude when the real goal should be drama .
There 's nothing about the essential content of this film that 's artificial .
Watching alcoholics stumble through their lives is sometimes a little boring , though Jeff Bridges is a warm and detailed enough actor to keep us interested and full of hope for him .
Bridges is beyond wonderful .
I used to be somebody , '' sings washed up legend Bad Blake , `` but now I 'm somebody else . '' Like a C&W song , Crazy Heart makes cliches sound like eternal verites , and Jeff Bridges deserves all the credit .
Better story , better acting , better music than ` Once . '
With the best lead performance of the year , a few great supporting ones , excellent music , and completely genuine characters freed of an ounce of melodrama , Crazy Heart is one of the best dramas of 2009 .
Jeff Bridges ' portrayal of broken-down , liquored-up country singer Bad Blake may be the best of his career , and that 's saying something .
Is Jeff Bridges the most underappreciated actor of his generation ?
This show belongs to Bridges , who starts off as a magnificent train wreck and then takes a journey with the character .
As predictable as any of the old clichés about country music and men who write it , although that 's mainly because Cooper 's script ... uses so many of them without delving any deeper .
A simple , rough around the edges character study , buoyed up by some pretty fine performances - despite what you may have heard , there are more people in the cast than just Jeff Bridges .
The film aspires to such low-key minimalism that it leaves no more than a fleeting emotional effect .
Bridges perfects that wasted hayseed persona growl here and in Open Road this year . But oh , how Jeff and Maggie get those erotic , flirty sparks to fly between them , anyway .
Some actors are blessed . Jeff Bridges is one of them .
Bridges is exceptional here ; it 's the movie itself that 's less urgent and awkwardly defined , throttling his impressively discombobulated performance , leaving one to wonder why there 's even a plot to Heart in the first place .
Takes an ordinary situation and makes it extraordinary . Bad Blake is n't a country singer ; he 's a country song .
While it showcases Jeff Bridges ' extraordinary talents and delivers a couple of decent country music tunes , Crazy Heart is basically a retread that does n't leave much of a lasting impression .
While the film is n't quite the timeless gem Lebowski is , Bridges playing the perennially soused is , once again , spectacularly award-worthy .
This performance is as good as -LSB- Bridges has -RSB- ever done .
Another awards season , another tale of middle-age redemption .
-LRB- Bridges -RRB- just slips into the faded leather boots of a sad , lost soul , a man we all know even though weve never met him .
The movie as a whole never rings as true as Bridges ' lead character , Bad Blake -- but he 's appealing enough to keep it from falling apart .
Although the romance between Bridges and Gyllenhaal did n't pass the smell test , I could overlook that because the acting , music , and cinematography mesmerized me .
In this country ballad % u2013like movie that 's earning Jeff Bridges Oscar buzz , he plays a downward-spiraling musician . Bridges offers a great performance , but his hokey romance with Maggie Gyllenhaal clashes with the film 's gritty realism ,
Bridges draws us deeply inside Blake 's moment-to-moment heartbreaks . He makes us root for him as we would root for a dear friend . Ultimately , his triumphs become our own .
Charles Bukowski morphs into Dewey Cox in this denunciation of the evils of paralyzing drunkenness .
Scott Cooper ... makes his directorial debut with one of America 's greatest actors delivering a terrific performance in a story we 've seen a thousand times before .
Has an appealing , easygoing vibe for most of its running time .
A quiet , conventional film with a surprisingly firm grip .
Some good country music and some people you care about make this film likable if nothing flashy . But Bridges 's characterization is first rate .
It 's a mark of how fine a performance Bridges gives that it succeeds beautifully even though the besotted , bedeviled country singer has been an overly familiar popular culture staple for forever .
Crazy Heart could use more rough edges , but while it 's a little too sentimental and tidy , Bridges ' humane , deeply empathetic lead performance makes it easy to root for one man 's redemption .
The film packs a huge emotional punch , and captivates mercilessly
On first viewing , Crazy Heart seemed like a pretty good movie with one great performance . After a second time through , it 's sneaking up on the title of my favorite film of the year .
Often feels like a half-hearted , half-assed remake of Tender Mercies .
As has so often been the case throughout his career , Bridges becomes the character . He buries himself so thoroughly in the role that there 's nothing of the actor remaining .
Not a great movie , but Bridges definitely finds new territory for those acting skils of his . His washed up country singer finally goes after the help he needs and we like the journey to sobriety . Paul Chambers , CNN
Not that the modest story makes -LSB- Jeff -RSB- Bridges ' accomplishment any less vital or -LSB- T-Bone -RSB- Burnett 's music any less pleasurable .
Bridges does what he does best in disappearing into a complex character who earns our sympathy the hard way
It 's one of the year 's best , most deeply felt films .
Crazy Heart is more of a character study than a plot-driven film , but we 've got a genuinely compelling character to examine here .
Gyllenhaal is charming and makes unexpected choices in her performance , but this is Bridges ' show , and he 's as Best Actor-worthy as he 's ever been .
Jeff Bridges ' character may be called Bad Blake , but his performance is incredibly good , perhaps the best of his career .
Crazy Heart , written and directed by Scott Cooper , is a small movie perfectly scaled to the big performance at its center .
A rambling story of a down-and-out country singer -LRB- a fine performance by Jeff Bridges -RRB- trying to put his life in turnaround .
As the heavily dented Bad Blake , Bridges carries every scene in the picture with a performance that seems to materialize out of pure feeling .
Gyllenhaal and Bridges are marvelous together , playing their characters ' cautious affection for each other as an alluring winding path that 's actually laden with minefields .
Well directed but sketchily written by actor Scott Cooper , the film relies a great deal on the star to flesh out what is only implied . It 's a lot of work , but Mr. Bridges is merely miraculous .
What sets this film apart is the superb performance of Jeff Bridges , who brings unending charm and authenticity to broken-down country singer Bad Blake .
Everything you see and hear has a modest , gentle quality that insinuates itself into your good graces .
Modestly mounted but fiercely acted .
The real star is Bridges , who plays not so much a layered character , but a man whom we instantly identify with and understand and want to watch .
Not to say the movie does n't work ; if it did n't hit me like a ton of bricks , at least it did make a favorable impression , and I believe I have Bridges 's affability and watchability to thank for that .
No scene feels obligatory , and Crazy Heart shows a pragmatic but tender understanding of the relationship between physical breakdown and the discovery of morality . It 's merely a well-done , adult American movie-that is to say , a rarity .
Jeff Bridges realizing one of his most memorable film characters in years with a performance you wo n't quickly forget .
An utterly familiar but mostly satisfying character study of a man rescued from the brink of self-destruction , attuned to the rhythm of an eye-catching star performance .
The songs become anthems inhabited by Bridges , whose Bad Blake may wish his life had turned out differently but is never going to dribble tears in his shot glass so long as he still can find a stage somewhere to belt out a tune .
This is simply a showcase for Jeff Bridges , and a reasonably decent one at that even when the script thrusts Bad down tediously hackneyed roads .
A compact , economical treat : full of flavor and feeling , wrapped in an unprepossessing package that contains far more than you 'd ever imagine .
Sometimes you do n't have to reinvent the wheel to steer right into the heart . Scott Cooper 's Crazy Heart does just that .
Jeff Bridges channels Hank Williams , Jr. and Kris Kristofferson for his portrayal of an alcohol-addled outlaw country star hoping for one more chance .
Jeff Bridges ' performance elevates this morality-tale concept to a level that makes him a viable , but not surprising , Oscar contender .
It 's a juicy , career-crowning role , and Bridges -- a master of subtle brilliance -- plays the hell out of it .
Bridges inhabits Bad fully , and cleverly uses our decades of fondness for him as an actor to give us a way to connect to his troublesome character .
Jeff Bridges continues to astonish , in this case even making an ordinary movie into something better .
Everything about Crazy Heart just feels so very familiar , from any number of other movies about past-their-prime singers hitting the road and trying to make sense of their lives .
Bridges ' guileless performance makes this piquant little indie tale of country music , redemption , and the love of a pretty younger woman such a sad-song charmer .
Entertainingly zips along the desert highways .
If ever a movie demonstrated how country music emerges from private sorrows , this is it . But something can always be done to make a movie better .
`` Crazy Heart '' is the best film of 2009 . Jeff Bridges smokes -- big time .
Crazy Heart is quiet , gentle , heart-bruised more than heart-broken , and it lingers in the memory after you 've seen it , like a song you ca n't get out of your head .
Inevitable comparison will be made to Tender Mercies , for which Duvall -LRB- producer here -RRB- won an Oscar and Jeff Bridges may earn a nod too ; despite being generic , it 's enjoyable , well acted and the music both rousing and melancholy .
Crazy Heart gets to you like a good country song -- not because it tells you something new , but because it tells it well . It 's the singer , not the song .
Playing a drunken , washed-up music legend reduced to playing small-town bowling alleys , Jeff Bridges is the whole show here as a cowboy-style crooner who wrestles with his demons in ways that easily engage an audience 's sympathies .
Jeff Bridges is terrific but the movie only ordinary .
Crazy Heart is a story of redemption which has been told a thousand times before , but is infused with energy here by Cooper 's dialogue and his work with the actors .
A richly-realized , deeply-heartfelt character study in the vein of Tender Mercies and Bound for Glory , this sterling directing debut by actor Scott Cooper looks perfectly pitched to finally win Jeff Bridges his very long overdue Best Actor Academy Award .



@highlight

Thanks to a captivating performance from Jeff Bridges , Crazy Heart transcends its overly familiar origins and finds new meaning in an old story .