The movie has its flaws , but they are few and forgivable .
It 'd be nice if Tarantino would go back to making his own films -LRB- which are usually pretty doggoned good -RRB- rather than helping out young filmmakers to produce garbage .
For all its good intentions , Daltry Calhoun is a predictable , derivative film .
Southern whimsy , when handled delicately , can produce a precious jewel a la Junebug . In less skillful hands , it can be merely precious .
Contains a couple of lovely scenes that are all but smothered by a shambling mess of self-conscious eccentricity .
Knoxville tries hard and exudes a certain likability , but ca n't really handle big dramatic moments at this point in his career .
A weird , unpleasant little movie .
Although the film starts off somewhat amusingly , the first-time feature director Katrina Holden Bronson seems to have spent more energy assembling the overbearing soundtrack than expanding on her characters ' fractured relationships .
Anyone looking for a paean to the unnatural allure of a sprinklered lawn can see that the grass is greener in Blue Velvet .
Unusual and in places refreshing , Daltry Calhoun is a good natured independent comedy drama independent film fans will endorse .
It seems everyone involved meant well , but this one moves like an empty boat in a pond .
A string of scenes in search of a movie .
There 's no reason to see this film , not even on cable . None !
Boasts Quentin Tarantino as co-executive producer but falls about as far from that particular tree as one can imagine .
The old ` Bachelor Father ' formula is resurrected with a killer dose of whimsy in this pointedly quirky , almost unbearably dilatory feature .
Newcomer Sophie Traub is a natural charmer who hovers above the confusion like an angel even as her co-stars are sucked into the muck .
It 's a fantasy of a Southern town without minorities or economic difficulties where all the white folks support each other and speak with clear , but variable drawls . Oye .
Johnny Knoxville is moving on up from being a simple Duke of Hazzard to Tennessee 's King of Sod . Too bad the royal promotion did n't come with a quality upgrade as well .
Aims for whimsy and poignancy and mostly comes up empty .
It means well and has mild charms , but writer/director Katrina Holden Bronson ca n't steer the performers in the same direction , nor can she whittle down the overplotted story to its essence .
Mind-numbingly awful .
At times this movie is as slow as watching grass grow ... it 's a film with some nice moments that 's a tad on the hokey side , but always tries to be super-duper earnest .
Utterly lifeless and dull and quite simply hard to sit through .
If director and screenwriter Katrina Holden Bronson intended some moments as irony , the film lacks the necessary finesse for such an elusive quality .
Bronson attempts to wring some unearned emotional redemption from her dimwitted characters , but the faux-Southern sincerity and June 's incessant voice-over prove too annoying .
This is the kind of smug , listless product that the world , indie or otherwise , would be better off without .
Inconsequential with a made-for-TV look .
Daltry Calhoun proves to be as slight as a blade of grass-and , unfortunately , about as intoxicating as the legal kind .

@highlight

Watching grass grow would likely be more entertaining than this dull , slight feature about a sod salesman .