Schwarzenegger fans will enjoy this action fest , as this is undoubtedly his vehicle all the way .
` Sabotage ' contains the most graphic nastiness of any film Ah-nuld has ever made . It 'll keep your attention , but you 'll possibly lose your lunch and feel slimed .
I 's unfortunately weighed down by a plot that we 've seen before and characters we care too little about .
The kind of cathartic action pic that 's been long absent , reminding us that gritty revenge pieces have their place .
Arnie 's macho crew are such an obnoxious bunch of meatheads - and that goes , too , for Mireille Enos , its lone women member - that you will struggle to care .
Part heist film , part action thriller , part murder mystery , the movie is punishingly violent -LRB- in one scene , the camera lingers over squashed body parts after a drug agent is hit by a train -RRB- . The ugliness is so pervasive it becomes perversely fascinating .
... it becomes more and more clear that virtually all of the movie 's protagonists are unlikable ...
Writer-director David Ayer is hoping to unleash that bad guy action-noir vibe he successfully unhatched in `` Training Day '' and to a lesser extent in `` End of Watch . '' This time , he lays an egg .
Scenes of people kicking doors down and shooting each other in the head are efficiently handled - it 's everything else that 's a problem .
It is worth remembering that John Wayne , an actor almost as inexpressive as he is , did much of his finest work at the tail end of his career . Sadly , post-gubernator Arnie has n't yet found his equivalents to True Grit or El Dorado .
Arnie does his best but , as so often , turns out to be limited in scope : when called upon to look upset , his inner cyborg punctures the mood ; when he sighs , we snigger .
There wo n't be any awards but , for the first time , Arnie is actually acting here .
The so-called Governator has returned to what he does best , or maybe not best , but certainly most lucratively , making films high on action and low on credibility . Sabotage scores impressively on both counts .
Despite some decent moments the film struggles to realise its potential .
Arnold Schwarzenegger gets one of his most complex roles yet in this messy , violent thriller , another trip to the dark side for filmmaker David Ayer .
The film around them is too , too much : too gruesome , too locker-room , too busy , too populated , and too daft .
It does n't really work . It 's a bit like finding Mary Berry serving at your local kebab shop - it just does n't feel right .
Did Arnie have some decent motive for taking the money ?
This is an ugly , brutal beast of a picture that plays like a video nasty from the Eighties .
While Sabotage boasts the best of post-hiatus Arnie , Training Day writer and End of Watch director David Ayer fails to deliver .
There 's plenty to guiltily savour - most of it unintentional - in a revenge yarn that unspools like End of Watch played for laughs .
Straight to DVD would be a kindness ; straight to the waste bin would be a justice .
If you relish outbursts of weird Arnold pronunciation , the moment where he exclaims , `` Time to do the Looward 's work '' is another minor classic .
Feels like a cheap action flick and not the serious drama it is presented as , and plays like an unintentional call to end drugs prohibition and the idiotic war between cartels and law enforcement .
A terribly generic action thriller with more holes in the plot than you 'll see at a golf course .
A bloody , scuzzy , progressively preposterous whodunnit , blending old school and new wave to neutering effect . One chunky plus : the all-new Antihero Arnie .
A film that happily lingers on extremely graphic disembowelments , yet ca n't get out of the room fast enough when Arnie is about to have sex .
In the end , it 's the lure of his star that does for Ayers ' movie . After a couple of very unlikely plot twists , the film quickly turns into a standard , Arnie action vehicle .
The story spins off into a pseudo whodunit as the group fall victim to apparent revenge killings , but it 's sweet relief because most of them have all the charm and appeal of root canal treatment .
Clever in many respects , with a finale that sinks to silliness , ` Sabotage ' is much more than a vehicle for Arnold Schwarzenegger .
Ayer ramps up the four-letter-word-laden trash talking to a degree of obnoxious self-parody , with what should merely be comic enhancement keeping the main mystery hook from gaining traction and building tension .
Flimsy , testosterone-fueled stop on Arnold Schwarzenegger 's mucho-macho comeback tour .
I do n't know what Ayer is trying to prove by dunking the camera in spilled guts and having it linger over charred and frozen corpses .
What redeems all this , to some extent , is Ayer 's bleak but honest vision ... he understands how law-enforcement people witnessing the depths of humanity might lack the necessary character to climb back up .
Director David Ayer is proving to be increasingly adept at character work , but the plot of Sabotage is too dumb and opaque to recommend the film .
Schwarzenegger plays it straight . There are no winks at the audience that this is just a goofy action movie .
Schwarzenegger has checked out . He 's an immovable object in a film that struggles and fails to find the energy that will carry him along .
... yet another action picture but this one is entertaining .
Early on , an irritated DEA agent asks who cut one in the back of their vehicle . The question fits a film that feels like its own unwelcome lingering fart - lively in its violence but not its story , and demanding far too much of Arnold Schwarzenegger .
... Sabotage is wholly unpleasant , unfocused and downright ugly .
For most of its running length , Sabotage is a gritty , compelling motion picture with twists to make a pretzel envious . Unfortunately , it overstays its welcome .
Loud , obnoxious and one of the year 's worst .
Arnie 's post-political , action film comeback is taken to new bloody heights in David Ayer 's Sabotage .
By the final half-hour , the body count becomes completely gratuitous and Sabotage turns into a bloody mess in more ways than one .
Those just hoping for some good-ol ' action fun - you get one major shootout set piece , a couple small sequences , plenty of blood , gore and foul language and that 's about it .
rambling , and at times incongruous , as it unspools a set of stock characters dithering about in a cesspool of rubbery ethics and dogged determination
Sabotage is far more effective than its action-centric trailers have suggested , with the film more a mystery-thriller that actually offers Arnold Schwarzenegger and the cool ensemble a chance to act and not just shoot guns .
Somewhere between Arnold 's recent fare of dumb action and Ayers 's history of dark , smart cop dramas we find Sabotage
Sabotage starts off as a fun , nasty , occasionally surprising little piece of genre filmmaking . But it gradually loses the thread .
Director David Ayer has made two of the best films about the tough lives of cops -- Training Day and End of Watch -- but his streak ends with the very violent and ultimately forgettable Sabotage .
... just as Sabotage settles into any kind of character groove , it devolves into more generic action , more silly shocks and a twist ending that 's as anti-climactic as it is nonsensical .
A grade-Z mix of sadomasochism , macho blather , extreme violence , misogyny and shaky-cams , it 's ` all Jethro , ' all the time .
Gross and off-putting , a luridly `` gritty '' crime drama populated by sleazy characters -LRB- including the alleged good guys -RRB- and marked by a casual disregard for human life .
This is a screenplay so convoluted - and poorly-acted to boot - that the vicious blood bursts are more an awkward standout than some reminder that this is a gritty , realistic look at the DEA 's war vs. drug cartels .
-LSB- an -RSB- ugly , abrasive and thoroughly charm-resistant bag of slop
` Sabotage ' violates a cardinal rule everyone understood in the 1980s : if you are going to have a movie starring Arnold Schwarzenegger do n't surround him with actors that are better than he is .
If ` Sabotage ' could sever the action from the character and overarching mystery , it would be plain ol' Schwarzenegger fun .
The governator 's latest has more plot holes than the dozens of bullet-riddled bodies that inhabit this ridiculous story .
A cynical piece of trash that thinks it 's smarter than it is . It 's what happens when filmmakers mistake `` violent '' and `` unlikable '' as keywords for gritty adult entertainment . None of those traits matter if your movie is just plain stupid .
A bit like a snuff film , what with the various kill shots shown in all of their glory and surrounded by macho men while the women are either portrayed as sexual objects or equally macho figures . -LRB- Complete Content Review for Parents also Available -RRB-
Instead of being cool and macho , Sabotage comes off more like a dude with a Napoleonic Complex who is overcompensating for something .
So preposterous that no sane person could possibly celebrate it as anything other than inadvertent comedy .
It does have a weird , boldly ugly edge that makes for unexpectedly compelling viewing .
Horror movie-gruesome and pumped up like a ` roid rage , `` Sabotage '' is an abrasive , ugly exercise in macho nonsense .
This is the type of movie best enjoyed as a late-night indulgence on cable . Really late at night , when your eyes are still partially open , but your brain has called it quits .
-LSB- I -RSB- f we 're going to be dragged through the morass of the worst human nature has to offer , we should at least expect a point to getting so dirty .
Less than a month after Eva Green stole 300 : Rise of an Empire from her male co-stars , transforming a typical macho enterprise into an inspiring showcase for women in the action genre , Mireille Enos has pulled the same feat in Sabotage .
Is n't your typical Schwarzenegger action film , but it 's another thrilling Ayer 's cop drama in his now trademark , gritty fashion that will leave fans riveted .
`` Sabotage '' begins with two painful images . A woman is being horribly tortured . And Arnold Schwarzenegger , as the man watching it happen on video , is trying to act .
This is the disreputable , even disgusting diversion the Expendables pictures should 've been .
A modern-day , Georgia-set version of a spaghetti Western .
If your sole requirement for a `` good '' Schwarzenegger film is bullets , blood , and cigar smoke then head out to the theater now as this is the movie for you .
Rarely has a non-horror movie lavished as much attention on viscera and entrails ; the only times brains enter the picture are from head wounds .
Sabotage is nothing more than an excuse for Arnold the AARPster to throw his weight around , bludgeoning us with equal parts of carnage and deathly boredom ... which is sort of like killing us twice .
`` Sabotage '' is n't any good , even if its jagged , jolting visual excesses and frenzied energy keep you awake , gasping and guffawing by turns .
Bloody , banal and boasting a surprisingly able clutch of stars who will soon be deleting this from their résumés , Sabotage is a 109-minute cadaver count .
There 's no sense of visual artifice to match the ludicrous pitch of the script , and subsequently , the film comes off as awkward and uncertain .
Anybody got a bar of soap ? Hand it over . I 've got a movie here that needs its mouth washed out .
A grotesquely nasty piece of work ... a rancid , nihilistic wallow in cynicism and gore .
` Ayers -RSB- 's gone so over the top he 's made an R-rated cartoon , one in which he 's turned ` The Killing 's ' Mireille Enos into a rabid , man eating and beating glassy eyed junkie with pupils the size of manhole covers .
The more things change , the more they remain the same -- Arnold .
Ayer directs with style , very little sense , and a wheelbarrow full of blood squibs .
a whodunit that 's a `` do n't want it . ''
So Arnold Schwarzenegger has reached the shaky-cam-and-hoodies stage of his career . But it 's a bit late in the day for Arnold to try to get all indie and complicated .
Safe to say this is the most violent film Schwarzenegger has ever been a part of , although it 's not nearly as torturous as Jingle All the Way .
It seems strange to say about an Arnold Schwarzenegger movie , but `` Sabotage '' is flabby .
With this bloody exercise in provocation , the aging action hero climbs aboard the crooked-cop bandwagon like it was an ambulance to revive his dying career .
Sabotage does n't know whether it wants to be a cheesy 80s action throwback or a gritty , raw assault on reality - a bi-polar watch that creates tonal confusion instead of exciting entertainment .
The bloodshed is unrelenting and , ultimately , exhausting . There are -LSB- only -RSB- so many disembowelments and head shots , and bodies torn into pieces you can take .
Sabotage ultimately reinforces Schwarzenegger 's iconic image , especially in a coda that looks upon the actor with such unreserved awe it nearly plays like one of Danny 's Jack Slater daydreams deleted from the final cut of Last Action Hero .
Cynical , slapdash and a waste of time for all concerned .
The waves of mayhem pound harder and with greater frequency as the movie wears on , building to a conclusion that 's harrowing , even by the gruesome standards of today 's action thrillers .
`` Sabotage '' is a damn fine whodunit with a surprising layer of pathos and depth .
`` Sabotage '' rarely rises to Schwarzenegger 's level , in large measure because the other characters -LRB- of which there are far too many -RRB- are n't nearly as sharply drawn by Ayer and co-writer Skip Woods .
This is not wink-wink `` Commando '' - type violence ; this is an immersive , documentary-style barrage of exploding heads , torture , guttings and graphic crime scenes - like a drug cartel home movie .
Schwarzenegger 's -LRB- less effective -RRB- version of Clint Eastwood 's Unforgiven .
Ugly and mean-spirited , Sabotage starts off badly , only to get dumber as it progresses .
`` Sabotage '' can not be called a good movie , not with a straight face . But as an Arnold Schwarzenegger movie , it has something .
You know fun ? Think the exact opposite of that and you 'll be in the right mindset for Sabotage .
Somehow David Ayer got Arnold Schwarzenegger to do something he has n't done in years . Make a real movie .
The helmer has some strong ideas and he 's capable with broad displays of temper , but as a storytelling experience , `` Sabotage '' is all over the map , with each direction proving to be vaguely unsatisfying .
The acting 's fine in this thing ; the acting 's rarely the reason a violent action movie succeeds or fails .
There 's nothing about Sabotage that 's even remotely surprising , except perhaps for the fact that a film with such a cool premise and awesome cast could be this boring .
Please , somebody , make him stop .
Does not cover all that much fresh territory , but the film commands attention by taking the material to its extremes . Director David Ayer brings seat-jolting tension and savagery to the otherwise subjectively familiar .
A sloppy DEA whodunit , distinguished by its scatological humor and gore .
Sabotage is unusually dark and serious for a Schwarzenegger vehicle , but the star does n't quite have the acting chops to pull off the moral gray areas .

@highlight

Sabotage boasts one of Arnold Schwarzenegger 's finer post-political performances , but it 's wasted in a movie driven by grueling violence that punishes seemingly without purpose .