The Skeleton Twins is just another little bittersweet indie dramedy , and it 's not a perfect film . But it is worth your time .
Simply , this is a smart , funny and moving little gem of a film .
If -LSB- Kristen -RSB- Wiig and -LSB- Bill -RSB- Hader do n't look much like siblings , they bring the same hard-to-fake rapport that made their turn as a married couple in Greg Mottola 's underappreciated Adventureland such fun .
Despite occasional charming moments and a generally solid ensemble , The Skeleton Twins does n't distinguish itself in any memorable way .
With a commonplace technical approach , The Skeleton Twins could have used a more turbulent hand behind the camera to accompany the ups and downs of our lead arcs .
As a dark character piece with the occasional big laugh , `` The Skeleton Twins '' is as much a pleasure to watch as it is to digest once its end credits roll .
The real surprise of the film is Hader , graduating from more juvenile cinematic entries ... and giving a beautifully crafted performance that allows his knack for voice and facial expressions to shine in the stronger material
A wonderful and brutally engrossing dramedy about family and the lasting effects of growing up in dysfunctional households .
The Skeleton Twins makes for an engaging film that gets you emotionally involved , while also giving you some good laughs in the process , and for that intelligent mixture , it 's a dramedy that 's definitely worth seeing .
Wiig , Wilson and Hader all give great performances in this movie , almost enough to lift it out of the dark emotional pit at the heart of the story . It does n't quite make it there in this comedy about a suicidal family .
The Skeleton Twins is beautiful , infectious and painfully honest in a way that 's normally reserved for someone that you shared a womb with .
Despite revelatory performances from its two leads , this is a pretty miserable movie that will leave you wondering why you subjected yourself to such a downer .
An exploration of both the complications and the life-affirming dimensions of sibling relationships .
Heart-felt adult soap opera .
One of the stand-out indie productions of the year .
By turns , unbearably poignant and laugh-out loud funny , this reveals hidden depths to Hader and gives Wiig a golden opportunity to reveal the subtlety of her range with a knock-out performance .
Suicide is no laughing matter , but there are some wry smiles in this changeably moody indie-pic about self-destructive siblings .
The actors ' skit-honed rapport is magical , not least when hilariously lip-synching Starship 's cheesy 1980s power ballad ` Nothing 's Gon na Stop Us Now ' in a rousing blast of sibling solidarity .
The Skeleton Twins follows a fairly predictable trajectory , but it is littered with affecting moments and joyous sequences .
How can you not love something that gives Wiig so much scope ?
A thoughtful and likeable drama with comic riffs ...
There is the risk of a credibility gap when charismatic and successful stars play ultra - dysfunctional types . That 's why Bill Hader and Kristen Wiig never quite convince as Milo and Maggie , twins on the cusp of middle age .
The laughs are here , but they are tempered by bruising regrets and simmering grudges in this elegant study of a sibling relationship in crisis .
-LSB- An -RSB- entertaining , bleak comedy-drama ...
Funny and sad and wise and wonderful ... with an absolutely heartbreaking , career-changing performance by Bill Hader .
A bold experiment which does n't quite come together .
This film is encouragingly sceptical about the cliché that blood is thicker than water . The proof is in the spilling of it .
A few sections feel more loosely scripted to make the most of Wiig and Hader 's talent for improvisation , but their rapport goes deeper .
The Skeleton Twins can be very funny .
An engaging comedy drama lifted by two revelatory performances . Wiig in particular suggests an Academy Award-winner-in-waiting .
Wiig and Hader give winning , finely nuanced turns in a film that deftly mixes light and dark .
it is elevated time and again by the stars , who are so open and expressive , ably conveying the complexities of the characters ' deep and fractured bond .
It does n't trivialize the mental anguish that both of its characters feel , yet also does n't settle for a cheap resolution .
... a well-acted yet only sporadically engaging little comedy/drama .
The heart tugging moments come frequently , and when they connect , they feel real and earned .
This a strong feature that successfully blends comedy and drama while also exploring a very tough subject .
Yet another wan indie comedy-drama that plays like an adaptation of something plucked from the slush pile of short story submissions in the fiction editor 's office at The New Yorker .
Are high hopes better than the ordinariness of the herd , even if the herd provides safety ? It 's a meaningful topic for debate .
Who knew Bill Hader could be so great in a -LRB- mostly -RRB- drama ?
Announces the arrival of a remarkable talent and I eagerly await -LRB- Craig -RRB- Johnson 's next film .
That is a really lovely , nuanced performance from -LSB- Luke Wilson -RSB- .
-LSB- T -RSB- hese are just real people doing their best to hold together the pieces of their broken lives , day by day . It 's wonderful and sad and human - the sort of characters I feel privileged to meet at the cinema .
Acceptance of these sad sacks is accentuated even further by the presence of Hader and Wiig , who tease out the weighty melancholy that dogs their characters ' every move .
For anything it gets wrong , it gets so much more right that I feel downright churlish for complaining . There is , in fact , one scene that 's a little piece of cinematic nirvana .
Along with Obvious Child , it is one of the worst films of the year .
One wonders what might 've been , had Johnson allowed his stars the freedom to riff off rather than merely recite his pain-by-numbers script .
The Skeleton Twins is more or less worth it for fans of Wiig , and indeed Hader , another actor with a lot of untapped dramatic potential .
`` The Skeleton Twins '' is a lovingly calibrated mix of heartbreak and hopefulness , guilt and the will to do better .
While this is undoubtedly tough stuff to be selling to all comers , there is a tenderness and truly-earned uplift to this tale that will resonate with receptive viewers in a special way .
The surprising thing about this above-average relationship movie is its sense of humour , something you would n't necessarily expect from a drama that starts with attempted suicide .
Johnson 's unfussy direction serves as a fine showcase for the two SNL veterans to demonstrate how their comic shorthand plays equally well in a slightly darker register .
The Skeleton Twins is all the better for keeping us guessing as to its intentions , because that makes it more true to life . Sometimes you have to smile through the tears , and vice-versa .
Lively and insightful when -LRB- Wiig and Hader -RRB- share scenes , and there are many .
The movie is nicely performed , crisply written , carefully directed - full of images that fold neatly into one another .
If a movie with suicide as a central theme can be deemed funny , then writer/director Craig Johnson has pulled it off , mixing heartache and humor and giving Wiig , especially , the opportunity to shine .
Acidic sibling dramedy .
Even with performers as likable as Hader and Wiig , and characters as likable as Milo and Maggie , sympathy should be earned . Like an cocksure banker , Johnson takes our investment for granted .
A profoundly moving study of two damaged characters .
You might be expecting a comedy . You wo n't get what you expect , You get something better .
How could something so dark be so funny ? It 's a question one ca n't fully answer with any certainty , but we know Kristen Wiig and Bill Hader have a lot to do with the weird and wonderful black magic that is The Skeleton Twins .
Wiig and Hader are the stars of the show , as well as winning components of a wry look at life . Their rapport is a delight , and the rest of the film is darkly authentic and deliciously funny .
For laughs with heart , The Skeleton Twins is highly recommended .
In a poignant and potentially depressing film , it 's redeeming to see that when they are with their kindred spirits , even the saddest skeletons can dance .
Bill Hader and Kristen Wiig ... turn their talents toward some really heavy drama , while managing to serve up a few laughs along the way .
It 's worth a watch to see these two reliably comic actors do some heavy dramatic lifting and tenderly spot for each other .
Even though they got famous doing broad sketch comedy , Wiig and Hader both have a sadness in their eyes that allows them to play believably damaged people who use humor to mask pain .
Fails to find or strike many original notes .
The filmmakers think the comedy is where all the humanity is , and maybe they 're right . But they do n't take humor far enough .
A surprisingly touching , if not particularly original , dramedy ...
The bond between siblings is made very real by Wiig and Hader , who make that old line about laughing until you cry genuinely believable .
The direction has no style , and the script has no perspective ; the result is drama by number .
The sense of anguish and pain is most impressively humanised by Wiig 's surprising and accomplished performance .
... the outstanding pairing of Wiig and Hader makes `` The Skeleton Twins '' an enjoyable dramedy .
If you 've seen ` You Can Count on Me ' you have a pretty good idea where ` The Skeleton Twins ' is headed in its somewhat didactic approach to celebrating the unbreakable bonds siblings share . Yet you admire it just the same .
Dark secrets are revealed and raw emotions laid bare in this hard-hitting and moving film in which an indestructible bond between twins is both the trigger and the solution
Wiig and Hader 's shared history beautifully informs their entirely credible screen relationship , which can be as testy as it is loving , as distressingly haunted as it is funny ...
The Skeleton Twins is quietly smart , sweet but never syrupy . It should erase any doubt that its two stars , who rose to success as cut-ups , also have dramatic chops .
One example of movie magic is the way a film that seemingly has numerous strikes against it can turn itself into a pleasant experience .
This is one of the best films about the lingering effects of dysfunction that 's been made .
The story 's secrets are those of the characters , and as they 're revealed , often informally , it provides new insight into these people , and manages to avoid the pitfalls of clichés .
Low-fi and engaging , sometimes mordantly hilarious and at other moments genuinely touching , the movie suffers both from the Flat Hipster Affect that can stunt independent films and from more calculated mainstream touches .
If `` sad comedy '' is a genre , Craig Johnson 's thoughtful , touching film fits right in .
Writing and directing his second feature , Craig Johnson demonstrates a knowing sense of how consciously , and helplessly , some people destroy themselves .
Pretty much perfect ... No one now , and maybe no one ever , is as good with the big wince as Kristen Wiig .
The Skeleton Twins has a similarly keen feel for the emotional terrain of depression , but the film falls into a dour rut early on , and seldom rouses itself .
Irreverent , mature , deeply affecting drama about siblings .
Hader and Wiig deliver in this Indie drama with laughs .
Hader nails it , never once seeming like a comedian stretching himself . He comes across as a talented dramatic actor who 's also sharp and hilarious .
This is a smart movie . Wiig gives maybe the most impressive performance of her career , and Hader is equally good .
Hader and Wiig give rich , nuanced performances that reflect the chemistry the two actors honed together from their years on Saturday Night Live .
The bleak tone sometimes leads to a cerebral quality at odds with the actors ' energy , but at its best Johnson manages to enliven the darker moments of Skeleton Twins with sudden bursts of comedic inspiration .
The characters and their anxieties are for the most part nicely judged .
-LSB- Hader -RSB- delivers the often macabre humor deadpan and demonstrates a heretofore untapped talent for nuance and poignancy .
What makes this film work are the performances of Hader and Wiig , whose natural bond through good times and bad is one of the best depictions of siblings on screen since `` You Can Count On Me , '' a film which this one bears more than a little resemblance to .
At its best , The Skeleton Twins exudes the vague unease of two putative grown-ups trying to stifle their awareness that the lives they 've chosen neither fit nor suit them .
Those expecting a load of laughs will be disappointed . All in all , it is good to see this usually comedic cast do some truly dramatic work .
Uneven , but not uninteresting .
The film is a mite tidy in that Sundance Workshop way , but it 's very enjoyable , and Johnson has a deft touch with actors .
As we enter this season of big , important awards contenders that `` matter , '' `` The Skeleton Twins '' is a small , intimate gem that might truly matter .
It 's unusual to see two actors we 've known for so long giving breakthrough performances . But that 's what 's happening here .
It seems unlikely that The Skeleton Twins is aiming for something so simplistic , considering how much suffering it packs into the story , but simplistic is what it is .
A rickety vehicle for two fantastic performances , the movie works best as a blaring announcement that these players are more than ready for prime time .
One of the better movies to come along this year .
If countless movies about brothers and sisters reveal common family traits , `` The Skeleton Twins '' is subtler than most in evoking a mutual sympathy that might be called a cellular understanding .
What makes the movie memorable is the open-ended talent of its actors . They supply The Skeleton Twins with flesh and blood , some firm connective tissue and generous heart and soul .
It plays to the antic gifts of its stars , two Saturday Night Live luminaries reunited in the roles of troubled twins reunited by near-tragedy , yet it also turns them loose to explore deeper regions of hurt and love .
The actors have an obvious rapport . It 's deep enough to evoke the ties , entanglements and bloodletting of a real kinship . But Wiig and Hader 's instincts as entertainers are keen enough to know when to stop cutting .
The Skeleton Twins may be an imperfect film of simple pleasures , but it is eminently watchable .
When Hader and Wiig are on screen together the film 's shortcomings fade because the energy they give to and take from each other ... is so palpable , it 's fun just watching them banter ...
Every time we veer into overly familiar territory , Hader and Wiig find a way to connect - with the script , with each other and with us .
Hader and Wiig dig deepest and strike the truest chords when the twins ' defenses are down , when their jokes do n't work , when they 're faced with the truth of their own blasted lives .
When a film piles on this many problems for its characters , it 's often because it does n't really believe in any of them .
Worst of all , it stupidly ruins a perfectly decent ` Marley & Me ' joke .
Some weeks at the movies are like this . You settle for wonderful actors doing some wonderful acting with scripts that support those efforts even as they limit them .
-LSB- It -RSB- deflects criticism , its leads working hard to win folks over . Like Maggie , audiences may be powerless to resist .
`` The Skeleton Twins '' is a strong , solid film with nuanced performances by an eclectic cast . It could prove to be one of the best of the year .
Bill Hader and Kristen Wiig have taken career risks with `` The Skeleton Twins '' . And we are fortunate that they did .
Finally , a post - `` Bridesmaids '' film that lets Kristen Wiig shine - and brilliantly taps into co-star Bill Hader 's vulnerable side , too .
Funny , touching , and heartfelt , this is a fantastic vehicle for its stars , and a moving portrait of the various things family can mean .
One of the stronger ensemble movies of the year but the drama offers crowd-pleasing tricks and tissue-thin pop psychology .
This is one of the year 's best movies , and a movie that deserves Oscar consideration , even though this is exactly the kind of movie that 's ignored by the Oscars .
An observant double character study , `` The Skeleton Twins '' revolves around two protagonists who are worthy of the viewer 's time & sympathy . The film gets beautiful mileage out of the sterling work of the indomitable Kristen Wiig & a revelatory Bill Hader .
Suicidal depression given a comical skin-deep treatment and on-the-nose casting .
Ultimately this is more like a movie than a story about real life , but at least it 's a movie delivered with considerable compassion , delicacy and wit , built around unforgettable performances ...
The script -LRB- cowritten by director Craig Johnson and Mark Heyman -RRB- feels the need to lunge for buried family trauma , big reveals and hugs in its final act .
Skeleton Twins is n't perfect , but it cuts to the bone .
It 's perfectly suited for the limousine liberals who flock to Park City each year , looking to be engaged but not challenged in any big way .
Wiig and Hader share a believable bond ; their intimate shorthand and casual bickering should feel recognizable to most anyone who shares parents with another human .
Craig Johnson 's film is ultimately most interested in what its jokes are implying or obscuring about the jokesters themselves .
Warm , funny , heartfelt and even uplifting , the film is led by revelatory performances from Bill Hader and Kristen Wiig , both of them exploring rewarding new dramatic range without neglecting their mad comedic skills .
A film with many shortcomings , yet notable for its ensemble cast and fine acting .
The two costars elevate the film beyond formula . Their onscreen rapport is infectious and believable .
This brother-sister bond , so rarely explored on screen , is what makes The Skeleton Twins sing .
If some of the emotional cues are blunt , other story threads are sensitively developed , and the morality is nicely complex ...
Gentle , funny and very moving , The Skeleton Twins is too late to make stars out of the already-adored Kristen Wiig and Bill Hader , but is just in time to prove they 've got much more to give in their hopefully very long careers .
No history-making drama here , but a sincere journey into solidly founded fears that dog the parents of the new millennium .
Twins is approachable and meaningful , confronting an impossible darkness with a generous flow of humanity . It 's a beautiful picture .
In the same way that `` Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind '' redefined Jim Carrey , this affecting and poignant drama-with-laughs shatters your expectations of Bill Hader and Kristen Wiig .
It may not always work as a drama but The Skeleton Twins proves to be a fine showcase for Wiig and Hader , showing they are both capable of dramatic material .
The rapport between Bill Hader and Kristen Wiig is obvious from their first moment together in The Skeleton Twins , and why should n't it be ?
One of the best films to emerge from this year 's Sundance , with an unexpectedly great performance by Bill Hader .
A brief , grounded , entertaining comedy with a few rich characters , a few thin ones and some unachieved ambitions .
How can you hate a movie that has a giggly Bill Hader and Kristen Wiig making fart noises at each other ?
It is rare to see a film as tonally balanced as The Skeleton Twins . It is both a tearjerker and a crowdpleaser , often in the same scene .
The Skeleton Twins is a wonderful comedy-drama made with heart and filled with plenty of broken ones .
Hader and Wiig 's comedy credentials are well established and a scene in which they bond while miming Starship 's Nothing 's Gon na Stop Us Now is a tour de force - but they 're equally adept with the weightier material .
Caustically wry and cloyingly sentimental , The Skeleton Twins is a crowdpleaser .
If Hader has the benefit of slightly more screen time , Wiig is no less impressive as a woman quietly falling completely apart .


@highlight

Led by powerful performances from Kristen Wiig and Bill Hader , The Skeleton Twins effectively mines laughs and tears from family drama .