The kids have to go back to school soon enough , and Rise of the Planet of the Apes offers one last shot at some great summer fun .
Rise of the Planet of the Apes is one of those rare films that , like its ape protagonist , comes from humble stock but manages to exceed expectations profoundly .
Paced like a rocket but de-politicized and de-poeticized , adorned with sprawling camera movements yet trapped in shallow screen space , the film clomps through with a flatness that makes its vision of the beginning of mankind 's end seem weirdly soothing .
The story has big ideas but is underwritten , the acting is pedestrian at best , and though the CGI apes are very well actualized , they still look cartoony at times .
Rupert Wyatt delivers on the giddy pleasures - climbing , leaping , swinging , plus the irresistable high of an upward-rushing learning curve .
It 's a surprisingly provocative film that really stretches the definition of summer blockbuster .
Rise of the Planet of the Apes is simian cinema at its best .
Apes is one of the better political films I 've seen lately , and its arrival in theatre is oddly timely , given current events .
You can tell me all day that this is great , Avatar-like use of animation . I 'll even grant the point . But though I was engaged in the first half of the film , this action section left me looking at my watch .
With little dialogue but a world of emotion in his face , eyes and body , -LSB- Andy Serkis -RSB- not only keeps us on our toes but also has us rooting for the apes to trounce humanity .
If you 're a fan of the series , you 'll love it ; if you 're not a fan it may make you one .
Save Christopher Nolan 's `` Batman , '' no film so brilliantly reinvigorated a franchise more than this , a thrilling opening act that 's equally captivating and leaves you anxiously awaiting the next installment .
Caesar -LSB- the main ape -RSB- is the reason to see this daft , breathless picture .
Rise of the Planet of the Apes has some life to it as an action film , but every time anyone opens their mouth , man or beast , you 'll feel like someone figured out a way to sneak in groundbreaking CGI into your middle schooler 's class play .
Overall , Rise of the Planet of the Apes is intermittently entertaining with a few nice nods to the original series .
The bad news is that whenever this prequel 's CGI apes are n't on-screen , you 're wishing the flesh-and-blood actors would get the hell off !
Audacious , violent and disquieting , `` Rise of the Planet of the Apes '' is a summer sequel that 's better than it has any right to be .
Despite thin human drama , and one note supporting characters , Rise of the Planet of the Apes is a surprisingly sincere story that elevates the franchise canon .
Despite some pretty glaring plotholes , the combination of astonishing special effects and a tension-filled story makes for a gripping and worthy rebirth for the franchise .
Had the second half of `` Rise of the Planet of the Apes '' not descended into silliness , perhaps the film would have been a more worthy addition to the Apes legacy .
Surprises at all corners with characters we can care about who transcend the illusion of CGI most of the time ...
Somewhat shockingly , the modern interpretation of mankind 's downfall is actually pretty darn good .
The substance of the film is simply mesmerising : the way in which it prioritises story over spectacle , saying so much without explicit over-statement is a triumph , and it is for good reason that it is one of my picks for Best Film at next year 's Oscars .
One of the ten best films of 2011 , and the year 's best popcorn movie .
... One of the better movies of the summer .
Only in a world where James Franco portrays Will Rodman , a brilliant biochemist working for a pharmaceutical company , can apes get the best of mankind .
It may not be the best film of 2011 , but it 's certainly one of the best sci fi films of the year , and easily one of the best sequels/prequels in the last several years .
Thanks to the eye-popping performance-capture technology developed for Avatar and another astonishing primate performance by Andy Serkis , Rise puts across its fantasy so convincingly that you 're swept away - and chilled - as the story unfolds .
Whilst it sometimes suffers from feeling like the first chapter in a much longer story , this is a fun and intelligent re-imagining of a classic movie .
Probably the year 's best sci-fi effort thus far !
The film does n't try to take on the quasi-political undertones of the 1968 original , but it makes its own case as a personalized science fiction drama .
o James Franco kai h Freida Pinto me thn ekplhktikh ikanothta na xanontai sto fonto ws glastres , einai idanikoi apo to casting akoma
There are plot holes to contend with and a handful of potential jump-the-shark moments , but the smart ending and stunning Golden Gate Bridge stand-off ensure you leave on a high .
A reasonably muscular popcorn film with a surprisingly tender soul .
It stays true to the central metaphor of the original films and takes its time setting the story up so that when the apes finally do run amok , we are totally invested in the story .
The movie is most compelling when it thinks about the ape and the human 's likeness -LRB- and so critiques racism and speciesism -RRB- , when Cesar and Will face each other or respond to one another .
Precuela innecesaria y obvia , en la que nuestra suspensión de la incredulidad se verá desafiada no pocas veces . En una película donde no hay lugar para grandes actuaciones , la mejor labor actoral es , por supuesto , la del mono .
The original centered itself around some weighty ideas involving race , politics , and social class . Those same ideas may exist here , but director Wyatt does n't really care .
Rise of the Planet of the Apes is spectacle with a kick : the transcendence of the normal in creatures so like ourselves is both an entertainment and a needling rebuke to human vanity .
Sporadically profound , not unlike a riff on the `` Dawn of Man '' chapter from 2001 : A Space Odyssey .
Suficientemente bem realizado para não envergonhar a série clássica e ainda nos apresenta àquele que , ao lado de Zira e Cornelius , talvez seja um de seus personagens símios mais tocantes , complexos e memoráveis .
In what is easily one of the better films of the year , director Rupert Wyatt , with a first-rate screenplay , melds thrills with wit and state-of-the-art special effects to create a flick you 're ready to watch again as soon as it ends .
There is no reason for this movie to exist .
The familiar contagion plotline prevents the film from achieving the allegorical charm or cautionary impact of the 1968 original .
The film has a hackneyed `` the-bad-guys-are-us '' plot on which to hang some interesting special effects .
The action scenes -LRB- particularly a battle between humans and apes on the Golden Gate Bridge -RRB- are inventively spectacular , and the story at the movie 's core is evocative and engaging .
Like an old-school science-fiction flick , the film is surprisingly character driven until a final rousing action sequence , and that 's all to the good .
I did find it a surprisingly agreeable afternoon 's entertainment .
Distinguishes itself from other ill-conceived reboots in general , and from Tim Burton 's disastrous 2001 remake in particular , by looking with fresh , simian eyes at its core conflict between human and primates .
A sharp critique of human nature from the standpoint of our closest relative , the chimpanzee who comes off as much more civilized than those who maintain prisons , zoos , and fight wars against weak and defenseless nations .
Andy Serkis once again gives a master class in expressive , nuanced , powerful physical acting .
A surprising amount of heart comes from our CGI ape . It 's a worthy prequel that makes you excited where the series can go .
This is , by some distance , the most exciting action adventure of the year . At just 105 minutes , Rise ... shows how you can also make a rounded , full-blooded blockbuster in double quick time to leave audiences wanting more .
Takes advantage of the spectacular advance in special effects over the past 40 years but adds little by way of imagination or insight into our appreciation of the original film .
The best popcorn of the summer .
That a film about an ape revolution could feature one of the most heart-stopping and gasp-inducing cinematic moments of the year means I have to re-evaluate everything I thought I knew about cinema .
I thought apes in the future were hairy humans with walnut shells for mouths ! These look too much like monkeys . If I want to watch monkeys take over the world I 'll watch the Jersey Shore .
Caesar finds his own voice but the film never does .
Rise a worthy addition to Apes saga .
Serkis is possibly the most skilled body actor working in the movies today , but even his subtle skills are eventually overcome by the fact that Rise of the Planet of the Apes lacks the basic humanity -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- of the first film .
Rise of the Planet of the Apes , made smarter by Avatar 's DNA , knocks all other versions out of the water . You 've never seen anything like these sentient apes .
While 2011 's Rise of the Planet of the Apes does n't achieve the near-classic quality of 1968 's original Planet of the Apes , it 's close .
... while it has its moments of silliness , the central premise of `` it 's not nice to fool Mother Nature '' is well developed .
As a summer blockbuster Rise of the Planet of the Apes wo n't regenerate any brain-cells , but it does n't forget a sense of humanity while delivering its package of thrills .
Here it is , the coolest end-of-the-world-as-we-know-it movie I 've seen in a long time , with not an alien in sight .
Although the CG started out a little shaky , Andy Serkis and his motion capture work quickly won me over as Caesar aged . I completely forgot I was n't watching a real ape take everything over . In fact , he became my favorite character .
Wyatt proves himself a highly skilled action merchant , packing the film with dynamic , sometimes disorienting camera movements and coming up with some memorable imagery ...
Takes advantage of the latest technological wizardry to deliver a thrilling action adventure that does n't skimp on heartbreaking emotion .
A must-see movie and one that deserves a sequel . Step away , Tim Burton .
Rise of the Planet of the Apes is an ethically rich blockbuster about evolution , revolution , animal rights and science madness , told through game changing VFX wizardry sure to make viewers go ape .
An enormous share of the credit can be taken by Weta Digital and their brilliant CGI ape creations , which come across as living breathing entities with actual personalities .
Rise Of The Planet Of The Apes is an impressive action movie - providing excellent , and far from mindless , entertainment - and a technological marvel .
This whole series has gotten out of hand ...
Rise may be one of the best surprises this summer , a taut blockbuster with a real heart .
A very pleasant surprise .
He came , he saw , he conquered : Caesar is a wholly convincing lead , he just needs a more satisfying story . Roll on the sequel .
A relatively modest B-movie bolstered by A-grade technical wizardry .
Weta Digital 's effects work on the apes , especially Caesar 's face , is unobtrusively marvellous , laying icky memories of the Tim Burton one to merciful rest .
Caesar then gets bigger and crankier . He must choose , as a final career option , between maximum-security retirement or world-changing multi-ape mayhem atop the Golden Gate Bridge . Take a guess . Show me some ape stuff that 's new and surprising .
a shrewd , entertaining , and even thoughtful film that is easily the best Apes film since the original
This really is a very enjoyable film : suspenseful and involving ...
If the concept of the film does n't interest you , I reckon you should take a punt : you 'll be very nicely surprised at just how good it is .
It 's an eye-popping , involving summer movie that manages to layer thoughtful substance with the lively action .
It 's the kind of bad movie you laugh at , not laugh with .
The special effects , from the team behind Avatar , are mind-blowing , and easily distract from the muddied morals of a script that asks only vague questions about man playing God .
Rise of the Planet of the Apes is the antidote to the bloated summer blockbusters that have been taking over our multiplexes these last several months .
Wyatt does a remarkable job of transferring the low-budget grip of his -LRB- literally -RRB- breakout flick The Escapist to the free-wheeling spirit of the summer blockbuster .
Hugely entertaining sci-fi thriller that 's both exciting and genuinely moving , thanks to a strong script , flawless special effects work and a typically terrific motion-capture performance from Andy Serkis as Caesar .
Rise of the Planet of the Apes is n't exactly a horrible movie , but it fails to live up to the expectations it sets up for itself .
This latest installment in the franchise is a near-perfect blockbuster that provides a myriad of visual and cerebral treats to devour .
If this film is remembered , it wo n't be for its storyline , which reverts to cliché a bit too often as it approaches its climax , but for its eye-popping integration of live-action and movie magic . Just as the geniuses ...
This fun , entertaining prequel , told from the ape 's POV , is a modern ` Call of the Wild , ' highlighted by extraordinary performance capture technology .
Fully realised and well-executed prequel to the evolutionary time disaster that is Planet of the Apes .
The special effects , the acting & especially Andy Serkis make this the most believable `` Apes '' movie yet
A feel-good flick which proves that primates are people , too !
Even when it 's not at its best , Rise ... is at least a diverting science-fiction movie ; at it 's best , it 's some of the most fun to be had in a theater this summer .
The best part of the movie is the detailed and believable graphics .
Surprisingly effective , even though its ape characters are a lot more interesting than the human ones .
`` It 's incredibly touching ... it 's what summer blockbusters should be ... Andy Serkis deserves an award ! ''
It moves in such a doggedly straight line towards its inevitable conclusion that they might as well have a clock in the corner of the screen counting down to the Big Rise .
The scenes in which Caesar carries out his plans , showing more brains than many a human character in summer blockbusters , are gratifying .
Rise of the Planet of the Apes may be my favorite summer popcorn movie .
A worthy , exciting , emotional addition to the venerable monkey movie marathon . Apes will rise . Sequels are likely .
It is easily the best American movie of this corrupted summer .
Some ambitious and clever stuff going on here gets cut down by some awkward choices , economic limitations , and a mostly wasted group of human actors .
Rise of the Planet of the Apes is like many summer movies -- once you get on their wave length , they 're a hoot . But you have to accept the bumpy amusement ride .
A frequently thrilling , emotionally resonate reboot that takes advantage of today 's vibrant motion capture technology to help articulate the complexity burning within these damn dirty apes .
... a fine start to a promising new series ...
` I want the apes to win ! ' my husband whispered to me during the last battle sequence -- and I felt the same way . Still , I hope no humans were hurt during the filming of this exciting movie .
A sort of `` How did they get so brainy '' backstory , ` Rise ' disposes of the allegorical trappings and nuclear Armageddon theory of the original ... Now we identify with the ape army as organized and led by Caesar .
Fans of the saga should find this pre-story compelling enough . The technology overseen by Joe Letteri , a four-time Oscar winner , makes this film a standout .
The chase sequences , with apes fleeing from man , and vice versa , are thrillingly accompanied by an original musical score from Patrick Doyle .
Even though the producers monkeyed with the original series premise , and you wo n't go ape over what may be a new -- do we really need one ? -- series , this one is n't bad .
A well-crafted B movie with astonishingly effective motion capture CGI technology .
For 90 minutes , it could be a super-sized Hallmark Channel flick . The ape revolution teased in the trailer , all 30 minutes of it , is an afterthought . There are scrap-booking conventions with more action .
Created by WETA Digital and `` played '' by Andy Serkis , Caesar is a CGI triumph , although there 's still an artificiality about the look that keeps the figure at a distance -LRB- personally , I found Serkis 's `` performance '' in King Kong to be more effective -RRB- .
Consider Rise of the Planet of the Apes a belated apology for Tim Burton 's misbegotten 2001 remake .
So good that , digital technology aside , it still manages to achieve the mythic stature of the 1968 original .
Despite a lack of conviction in the script , Caesar 's origin is still adequately set , so here 's hoping what will follow has a little more to grab your attention .
It 's not a bad film . But take whatever money you would have put towards a movie ticket and instead give it to the Alzheimer 's Association .
Director Rupert Wyatt wisely keeps the scenes busy and the momentum building so that you would barely notice all the logistical nonsense on-screen .
Rise wears Planet 's mask to use 2001 ′ s conceit . In this sense , Franco-stein begets a monster worthy of our consideration and viewing pleasure .
. . cannibalizes famous images and lines from all the `` Apes '' flicks , which is cute until the evident lack of new ideas becomes tiresome .
... Serkis as a digital acting pioneer , brings real heart and soulfulness to what would have otherwise been just another special effect .
That rare summer movie that has brains and emotion in addition to the spectacle .
Far better than one might expect with exciting action and a memorable hero in Caesar . The premise is clever enough to entertain longtime Apes fans while also giving a new generation a great introduction to Planet of the Apes lore .
If you 've been underwhelmed by many of summer 2011 's big event movies , treat yourself to one that actually exceeds all expectations .
The technology and performances that bring the apes to life make the film a must-see for any modern movie fan , but it 's the emotion and humanity of Caesar 's story that makes the film a must-see for any movie fan at all .
Not your average blockbuster cash-grab .
The `` Apes '' version of the Star Trek reboot . Yes , it 's that good .
With WETA 's work and Andy Serkis ' performance , ` Rise of the Planet of the Apes ' is one of the most thrilling films of the year .
Perverse , terrifying , hilarious in exactly the right way ; smart enough , emotional enough , and at the end uniquely satisfying in any number of hard-to-quantify ways .
Tthe movie has some plot-point missteps . But it seldom puts the brakes on a story that moves toward a furious ape-human rumble , not in a jungle , but atop the Golden Gate Bridge .
Exhilarating , charming and surprisingly packs the power to be a bit of a tearjerker . Of all the big budget productions to drop this summer , this is certainly one of the best .
A creature feature of disappointing stupidity , Rise of the Planet of the Apes replaces the sociopolitical underpinnings of the original film and its sequels with a limp warning about the evils of animal testing .
These scenes of mayhem leave you looking forward to the next film more than savouring this one .
Pass the bananas .
-LSB- H -RSB- alf good and half bad , and the primary dividing line is by genus .
Rise of the Planet of the Apes could have been a great film ... if it was n't so uneven .
A surprisingly nasty -LRB- in a good way -RRB- franchise reboot that comes closer than any prior POTA film to being a full-on horror movie .
a performance by Andy Serkis as Caesar that is one of the most remarkable in cinematic history ... if this is n't award-winning work , then the definition of `` award-winning '' needs to be re-thought
The opening salvo in the inevitable war between apes and humans is exhilarating , smartly executed , action-packed and loaded with sympathetic simian underdogs .
It 's almost as if all the previous Planet of the Apes movies had never existed .
A movie that opens as well as this one does-and draws you in so effectively-ought to have a finale that does n't remind you of cheesy monster movies from years past . On the other hand , the visual effects in are so astonishing that I have to ...
Occasionally violent origin story is surprisingly good .
Since the only really good Planet of the Apes movie was the 1968 original with Charlton Heston , I 've always wondered why filmmakers ca n't just leave well enough alone .
The apes are fun to ride along with at times , but the humans and the overall story are rather bland .
It 's worth it for the ape rampage , but we 're making a devil 's bargain here . Thank you for the awesome ape action , and we 'll tolerate the script .
Gives contemporary audiences the chance to embrace this cultural phenomenon on their own terms with -LRB- near -RRB- total seriousness and superior special effects .
The biggest surprise in a long time simply delivers what it promises and then goes way beyond that to become one of the most memorable summer thrill rides of the last few years .
When Rise of the Planet of the Apes gets things right , which is does very often , it 's surprisingly heart-wrenching .
The biggest complaint I 'd make is how Rise has been marketed . Previews make Caesar look like he started out a seething ball of simian rage , and that is n't the case .
... one of the most literate science fiction action films in some time .
Was Franco high when he signed on for this When Animals Attack ! - on-CGI-steroids catastrophe ?
What is n't here are any of the joys of the classic film .
A terrifyingly shocking ground-breaking piece of cinema with great heart and action . Somebody please give Andy Serkis an Academy Award !
It 's faint praise to say that this is the best of the `` Planet of the Apes '' movies , because the evolution of special effects and makeup was predictable . But the unexpected strength of the film is its heart .
Despite a few plot holes , and some goofy shout-outs to the 1968 original , RISE is a rock-solid summer blockbuster . The Weta effects work , coupled with Andy Serkis 's mo-cap performance as Caesar make this a must-see .
By far the best entry in the franchise since the original film .
Writers Rick Jaffa and Amanda Silver clearly spent more time squeezing in nods to the previous Apes films than they did establishing clear motivations for Caesar 's actions .
The special effects that create the apes are some of the most impressive ever put on screen .
The running time is efficient , the direction is clean , the story is simple but resonant , the effects are understated yet impressive , and the near-wordless star of the show puts on an acting clinic .
Some of the best special effects I have seen in 20 years .
The first film in the franchise to even pretend to match the brilliance of the 1968 original .
Marginal effects and a laughable story .
Take the `` rise '' in the title `` Rise of the Planet of the Apes '' to heart . As in , rising action .
They probably should have called it `` Beneath the Dignity of the Planet of the Apes , '' but `` Rise of the Planet of the Apes '' is tolerable if you 'll just keep in mind that the original feature was an overachieving B-movie .
The filmmakers seem to have spent so much attention and , presumably , money on getting the primates right that they completely forgot about the people .
With simulated simians authentic enough to make Project Nim look almost phoney , allied to an involving , evolving story , Rise is the Planet we 've been waiting for .
One of the longest advertisements for PETA I 've seen since 101 Dalmatians . Only , you know , not nearly as much fun .
Suggests an incipient posthumanism in more senses than one ... both compelling and troubling in a way that reminds me of the History Channel series `` Life After People . ''
Sweet fragrant bananas , Rise of the Planet of the Apes is a blast .
The real stars of the movie are the CGI artists who have brought Caesar and the other primates to life .
A reminder that the most valuable special effects are the ones that convey a soul hiding behind artificial eyes .
The notion that in spite of superior numbers and weapons humanity is doomed against spear throwing apes is just ludicrous .
Has plenty of B-movie kick . That 's a good thing .
Serkis delivers a tour de force performance as the lead chimp -LRB- Full Content Parental Review also available -RRB-
After a summer spent sitting through hours and hours of artless geek-pandering , what a joy to see a movie - a real movie - a * movie * movie .
`` Rise of the Planet of the Apes '' is a smartly directed film that sits squarely on the shoulders of Andy Serkis .
Should be commended for following the apocalyptic plot threads to their logical destination .
After more than two months of superheroes and giant robots , it is nice to have a science fiction/fantasy film that thinks it 's a drama .
While it 's got problems , it 's a film to whet the appetite for the planned sequel .
Conjured through the ever-expanding magic of performance-capture technology , the apes are easily the most compelling elements of Apes .
The first half -LRB- presumably where most of the narrative scenes were excised -RRB- is frustratingly arrhythmic ; more satisfying is the ape revolution of the final half-hour , a scary and deftly handled passage .
The movie does a fine job of making one actively root for the apes to win .
With its skillful blend of live action and motion-capture technology , it 's a handsomely made prequel to familiar monkey business .
It is not what could be fairly called a bad movie , but neither is it fine enough to be a good one , with its lineup of dull characters and a limp story that functions like a conveyor belt .
Rises above its dramatic deficits , boosts the collective IQ of this summer 's movies and swings into flights of kinetic fantasy that blow the collective mind .
This movie is a worthy claimant to the simian throne and the rare summer blockbuster that gets more , not less , fun as it goes along .
The motion-capture technology is fantastic . The reboot is worthy and I 'm looking forward to a long franchise .
Contrary to all previous live-action `` Apes '' movies , this one forgoes humans in makeup for full-on CGI animals , and the results are surprisingly solid .
Wyatt 's put himself solidly on the map with this prequel so successfully he leaves us wanting more . The Planet of the Apes has indeed risen .
A tight , beautifully made if rather predictable background yarn ... that does the obvious well even if it lacks the imagination to go beyond it .
Swift and nimble , like the rising ape at its center , `` Rise of the Planet of the Apes '' is gratifyingly free of the usual big-budget blockbuster weight and volume .
`` Rise of the Planet of the Apes '' is first-class entertainment , packed with clever , unsettling and even inspired ideas .
The extraordinary star turn by Andy Serkis raises once again the question of why a superb motion-captured performance is n't eligible for an Oscar .
As both a simian simile and a wonder of technology , Rise of the Planet of the Apes deserves to be in the company of the great original Kong .
`` Rise of the Planet of the Apes '' does it right . Smart , fun and thoroughly enjoyable , it 's a model summer diversion that entertains without insulting your intelligence .
Rise of the Planet of the Apes rises and , at times , even soars - all thanks to what human actors in league with computer technology can now achieve to bring the apes to life .
If you 're looking for a prequel to the `` Planet of the Apes '' franchise , you 're not going to do much better than this one .
You may , like me , skulk into the new `` Rise of the Planet of the Apes '' expecting the worst . And you may , like me , be genuinely surprised by where this movie takes you .
Having gone in with very low expectations , this reviewer was totally blown away by Rise of the Planet of the Apes . It might just be the most pleasant shock of 2011 .
This surprise reboot -- 10 years after the great Tim Burton bungled the same job -- is surprisingly good .
This is paced like a drama , not a popcorn movie ; it 's full of quiet moments of reflection and it takes its time in laying some very clever subplots that pay off brilliantly .
Perfectly positioning its blockbuster action within a thought-provoking framework , this smart and emotionally involving sci-fi drama deserves its own string of sequels .
In the oeuvre of Planet of the Apes pics - four sequels to the original , and the 2001 Tim Burton-directed remake - Rise is certainly not the most interesting , nor the most inventive . But it 's not risible , either .
This movie has a brain in its head . It 's in the script , it 's in the pacing and , heaven knows , it is there in the technology .
Everything Burton 's movie was n't -- smart , exciting and thought-provoking , while operating in the realm of the movies ' great misunderstood monsters .
an excellent post-modern meditation on animal rights and human complicity in the continuing fulfillment/failure of same
This by-the-numbers prequel that looks set to re-launch Fox 's ape-supremacy franchise removes some of the stink left by Tim Burton 's misbegotten remake but does n't bring anything new to the mythology .
Caesar 's prison conversion to charismatic pan-ape revolutionist is near-silent filmmaking , with simple and precise images illustrating Caesar 's General-like divining of personalities and his organization of a group from chaos to order .
The central problem with Rise of the Planet of the Apes is that it feels more like a piece of something larger than a complete motion picture .
The last of this summer 's ` origin ' stories may be one of the best ... it 's action-packed yet compassionate , highly recommended as escapist entertainment .
... very nearly close to completely awesome , and is the best sci-fi blockbuster of the summer , in a walk , even .
Like Caesar , this entertaining picture rises to the occasion and resoundingly exceeds expectations .
A sci-fi thriller that touches the heart and is sure to create many new and enthusiastic animal activists .
I could describe Rise of the Planet of the Apes as Escape from Alcatraz , except with apes , but that would make it sound like a movie you might actually want to see .
Precisely the kind of summer diversion that the studios have such a hard time making now . It 's good , canny-dumb fun .
Bold , gripping , and a little loony - a summer blockbuster even PETA can love .
Rise of the Planet of the Apes has some aces up its furry sleeve , most of all an eerie , motion-capture performance by Andy Serkis -LRB- the screen 's immortal Gollum -RRB- as Caesar , this film 's rebel ape leader .
A taut , emotionally satisfying origin story that may not be as action-packed as its fellow summer tentpoles but is far more rewarding .
Faced with the horror of half-assed material from which he ca n't escape , James Franco allows himself to be steamrolled by his pet monkey .
The reboot attacks Pierre Boulle 's concept with straightforward flair , taking it to its logical conclusion - or , in this case , origin . A smart , contemplative movie bound neither by the conventions of the science fiction genre or action/adventure tropes .
Something a caged chimp might fling at zoo visitors .
Either make the apes ' progression of power intense and frightening or ridiculous and fun . Trying for both does n't work .
Strong action , special effects and by far the most credible ape `` performances '' yet seen will spell box office to inspire chest-thumping in all markets .
I kind of enjoyed `` Rise of the Planet of the Apes '' despite its evident silliness and the fact that nobody 's likely to remember it three weeks from now .
Wyatt ... keeps the action compelling whether focusing on apes as they run amok or as they quietly contemplate their next move .
An odd blend of silly popcorn entertainment and sometimes startling poignancy .
One never knows exactly where the human ends and the effects begin , but Serkis and/or Caesar gives the best performance in the movie .
Wyatt 's version , scripted by Rick Jaffa and Amanda Silver -LRB- who previously teamed for The Relic -RRB- , pays tribute to the original series without being bound by it .
`` Rise of the Planet of the Apes '' is this summer 's best popcorn flick .
An unwanted but surprisingly awesome film .
This is a well made movie , the kind that deserves praise for setting out to do something and doing it very well .
A story that only gets moving when it 's about to wrap up .
Serkis shows his chimp-chops here -LRB- having cut his teeth , so to speak , as King Kong -RRB- , conveying everything from fear to forcefulness through his singularly expressive eyes -LRB- hm ... are CG eyes Windows XP to the soul ? -RRB- .
... offers one of the richest character arcs I 've seen in quite some time . And I 'm talking about the chimpanzee .
This is a genuine evolution in digital film making , matched by a razor sharp script that delivers an apetastic action blockbuster .
This nonsensical tale , by tapping into our most basic emotions , delivers a science fiction movie that makes profound sense , especially right now .
Rise of the Planet of the Apes makes for an impressive , if predictably downbeat prequel to a franchise famous for unhappy endings .
Andy Serkis , who has been at the forefront of mo-cap since portraying Gollum in the Lord of the Rings films , is an automatic Oscar snub in waiting post-Rise .
Reinvents the franchise with a bold , exciting , intense and fun new chapter that does right by the brilliant 1968 original film while working spectacularly on its own terms .
The biggest fault here is the premise itself . While not a direct remake , Rise covers similar ground to 1972 's Conquest of the Planet of the Apes .
this is a great summer movie , spectacular in its realisation , yet resonant in its themes .
Rarely has a story about the end of the world seemed so boring .
This seventh film in the Planet of the Apes series rises to such ridiculous heights , it 's impossible not to laugh out loud -- in a good way , in appreciation .
The summer 's biggest surprise ... mines a well-worn property for pure blockbuster thrills and startling emotional depth .
Its human characters are ciphers , even if the actors include Franco , Lithgow , Brian Cox and Freida Pinto , but its animal rebels are utterly convincing .
If you 've ever seen or heard about a `` Planet of the Apes '' movie , you know where this is leading . But that does n't make the trip any less enjoyable .
It 's just an apes-on-the-rampage creature feature , with a decent setup , a wobbly second act , and a glorified-videogame urban-action payoff .
Up there with some of the best franchise reboots ; anyone seeing it , whether they 're a fan of the previous movies or not , will leave it hoping it does well enough to warrant more .
... a smart and grown-up science-fiction thriller that honors the name it carries . This suggests a world I 'd want to see more of , and it raises exciting storytelling questions that I hope Fox will answer
I realise that action movies are n't meant to be realistic but these characters needed to be far more interesting and believable if they were going to draw me in .
It 's a fantastic reboot of the franchise ; warm , thrilling , and exceedingly human .
Despite narrative flaws , this is the most entertaining spectacle-adventure of the summer , boasting a splendid performance from Andy Serkis , this time as star .
-LSB- N -RSB- ary a bit of snark here . Jokiness and hokeyness have been genetically engineered away , leaving something pure and sweet and poignant , a throwback to the humanist science fiction of the late 1960s and early 1970s . This is more Charly than Heston .
A dramatic , tense and edgy work which poses a few moral questions and dilemmas
This sci-fi fantasy is a dramatic oomphy affair that begins with a small thing : the rescue of a baby chimp , and ends ... well , you will need to see the movie ... Director Rupert Wyatt pulls everything together beautifully




@highlight

Led by Rupert Wyatt 's stylish direction , some impressive special effects , and a mesmerizing performance by Andy Serkis , Rise of the Planet of the Apes breathes unlikely new life into a long-running franchise .