-LSB- Robert -RSB- Towne 's direction can be frustrating - at one point Donnelly and Hemingway run up a sand dune for what seems like five minutes - but the result is 50 percent more realistic than the average sports film .
But `` Personal Best '' only jogs along sometimes : It suffers from fleshing out .
Producer-director-screenwriter Robert Towne has fallen dismally short of his own personal best .
The camerawork is occasionally fussy and over-reliant on sporting clichés , but this is still subtle , sensual stuff .
Which horrible Eighties haircut to choose ? Regardless , you 'll be rewarded with some of the most startling and texturally stunning American cinema of that largely barren zone shortly thereafter to be known as the Reagan era . Score !
Robert Towne 's Personal Best is a flashy , hip and quite fascinating investigation into the arduous process of working out sexual identity in today 's narcissistic society and culture .
Personal Best has a quality rare in movies now : ambition worn lightly . This looks like a small , simple movie , but it 's hardly modest .
-LSB- VIDEO -RSB- Although screenwriter Robert Towne 's directorial debut fell largely on deaf ears when it was released in 1982 `` Personal Best '' remains a powerful examination of high-stakes female athletes during the late '70s ...
Endowed with remarkable performances , superb photography , and a clear vision of what matters to its characters , Personal Best is an underappreciated gem in a genre full of filler .
Personal Best is likable precisely because it is so unembarrassed .
Towne has a love of slow motion that 's employed as if he 's afraid you might miss one , rippling muscle . Worse than that , when people are n't exercising , they are often talking about exercising .
There 's no questioning its authenticity ... . However , the movie tends to make its points early and then repeat itself unnecessarily .
The sort of nerve required to produce an excellent screenplay like Chinatown seems to have deserted Towne in this , his directorial debut .
This is a very physical movie , one of the healthiest and sweatiest celebrations of physical exertion I can remember .
Unless you 're fascinated by all of the prettified slow-motion footage of Chris , Tory and the other women athletes , your eye is likely to wander to your watch long before the end .
An unusual subject to get the Hollywood treatment though , and as such it should be commended , while Hemmingway is always worth catching .
Hemingway excels in a difficult and risky role .
One of the best movies ever about competition , with wonderfully natural performances .
A frank , honest portrayal of the sacrifices of Olympic-caliber athletes . it is tough and uncompromising .
A robust and adventuresome film that is both tough and sentimental in its portrait of Olympic grade women athletes .
It 's a quintessential girl 's coming-of-age story , and writer/director Robert Towne saw that Hemingway 's uncanny ability to play both impressionable and stubborn , ingenuous and ambitious , naive and wise , was perfectly suited to this drama .
The characters have a fullness and vitality rare in American films of that period , but Towne has so much trouble establishing information visually that the film emerges as choppy , confused , ill-proportioned .







@highlight

Mariel Hemingway has a career-making star turn in this highly physical drama about two Olympic athletes who find each other during competitive training .