-LSB- Jenny -RSB- Slate , usually playing roles as sharp as a tack , revels in playing Lewan 's clueless wife .
Bernie finds a more cohesive balance between the craziness of the story and a solid emotional center . The Polka King never quite gets there .
There 's a touch of School of Rock with an Oom-Pah-Pah beat about this likeable , if lightweight comedy .
The Polka King is warm and sympathetic , avoiding easy jokes in favor of humane , character-driven humor .
With a clipped and modestly entertaining 90-minute run time , The Polka King that relishes in Lewan 's theatrics but rarely pauses to interrogate what 's behind his facade .
Comic portrait of real-life musician/con artist has cursing .
Jack Black makes the antihero in The Polka King just so lovable . And that 's a problem .
Although disappointed with ` The Polka King , '' I appreciate the way the film depicts how Jan Lewan 's positive attitude influenced people who unwisely invested their money with him .
The movie lacks a strong sense of tone and direction . The Polka King has a few things to offer viewers , but it 's more of a missed opportunity than anything else .
There are undeniably moments in which Lewan , played by Jack Black , comes off as heroic , but director Maya Forbes does her best to keep the ship on course . Black repeatedly returns to the confessional booth to ask for forgiveness for what he 's doing .
Tremendously funny , even while it examines a frightfully corrupt human being .
In The Polka King , Forbes amp up the lunacy , star power , and energy to create something not only sensationally fun , but also enticingly thought-provoking .
It 's not that the film does n't have an opinion on Lewan , it 's that the opinion seems to change every few scenes .
The Polka King does n't lack for energy . But the screenplay never really deals with Jan for much more than the sideshow he is . The film is a good bit less convincing than the man it 's supposed to be about .
-LSB- Forbes -RSB- film is spry , frequently hilarious , and at its very best dark-verging-on-deranged . It 's also unexpectedly gentle .
Playing con artists seems to bring out the best in Jack Black .
The cast performs these scenes entertainingly-Black 's dancing eyes remain as compelling as ever-without ever transcending how unfocused and flatly shot they are .
Black plays to his strengths as a hipster ironist while displaying the indie acting chops he 's been cultivating since at least `` Margot at the Wedding . ''
Maya Forbes and Wallace Wolodarsky ... love their protagonist just a bit too much .
A frisky and energetic comedy with a snappy , screwball spirit , which is n't exactly a given , considering the subject matter :
A modestly ambitious film that wants only to entertain
Forbes and Wolodarsky are clearly fascinated by this character and all of his sins , but not those he sinned against .
The sporadic magic of The Polka King largely comes from its casting , and the hammy performances that follow .
A fun , fast-paced true crime tale . Jack Black 's best performance since BERNIE .
The Polka King does n't have the stylistic originality nor the inherent intrigue to keep it alive from start to finish . But it does have Jack Black , who , if you 're like me , goes a very , very long way .
The truth in his story may be stranger than fiction , but ` The Polka King ' is largely unconcerned about what that truth means beyond funny music and shady deals .
Black does his best to make Jan a vulnerable and sympathetic character , but neither the script nor the direction allows him to become fully dimensional .
An ingratiating comedy based on an improbable true story .
Inspires some sympathy for its protagonist but not enough to carry the film .

@highlight

Despite moments of hilarity and a talented ensemble , discordant direction and a sloppy script keep The Polka King from truly singing .