Silly but mildly entertaining farce .
Could it really have taken four years to come up with -LSB- this -RSB- story .
There is a bit of a lesson about identity and self-worth imparted here , but it 's muddled at best . Who has two hours to waste watching this movie ?
What if I misinterpreted the whole thing , and it was really intended to be a straight drama with occasional light , humorous overtones ? And what if pigs had wings ?
The things we loved most about # 1 were downplayed in favor of the things that were n't all that funny ; and a betrayal of the main character through most of it .
I think you will find it quite satisfying .
What happens in Vegas , stays in Vegas . If that were only true for the production of Armed and Fabulous .
For the sequel Bullock 's as likeable as ever , but she can only do so much when working from a mundane script that relies heavily on repeating gags from its predecessor .
Sure there are a few laughs here and there , and the climax , while predictable , gives a slight thrill , but ...
Whether back in her ill-fitting suit , sunglasses and sensible shoes or strutting around in a showgirl outfit so canary yellow you 'd swear she was Big Bird , Bullock is wonderful , illuminating -LSB- things -RSB- with superstar sass singularly her own .
... an unfortunate example of what happens when a once-popular actress is staring at the downside of her career
Miss Congeniality 2 is one of those sequels that gives sequels a bad name .
O filme claramente ressente a ausência de Michael Caine . -LRB- ... -RRB- Sandra Bullock é uma gracinha , mas não faz milagres .
Trips over itself more than Gracie Hart . And it never gets up .
Nothing more than warmed-up leftovers , a boring and malformed vehicle for an -LRB- admittedly very likable -RRB- actress who simply ca n't find anything better to do in Hollywood .
Sometimes , a movie is so abhorrent it 's difficult to think of the appropriate words . When I do , I ca n't print them here .
Mild , middle-of-the-road and formulaic .
The subtitle of the film is Armed and Fabulous . I can think of more appropriate words to use . Awful and Forgettable ? Atrocious and Foul ?
Many bad movies at least make an effort ; this one is content to simply lay there , like a fat tick gorged on the blood of complacent moviegoers .
What were the filmmakers thinking ? I mean , what besides making a second trip to the barn to milk the $ 300 million cash cow that was Miss Congeniality ?
Sure , `` Armed and Fabulous '' would like to be considered absolutely fabulous , but `` Armed with a Few Laughs '' comes closer to the mark . `` Amputated by a Weak Script '' nails it .
From its paper-thin plot to the utterly flat script , virtually nothing works .
Whenever the script 's writers ca n't come up with a funny line for her to say or a comic way to conclude a scene , they have Bullock drop or bump into something . That is , when they do n't have her fall down .
Shatner 's forced presence , meanwhile , should have been lost in space .
Any sequel to Miss Congeniality is uncalled for , but it did n't have to be this staggeringly awful .
Somehow manages to fail to live up to the memory of a film that was n't much to begin with .
Bullock lifts an ill conceived screenplay into an area of some appeal . A valiant effort is one kind of recommendation ; her overriding huggability another .
As a transparent sequel , this flaccid follow-up has all the creative stability and comic support of a defective high heel shoe .
Dumb . Very dumb .
This , to me , is a classic example of a sequel that was just made because the first one made money . I did n't even like the first one .
Congenial ? No doubt about it . Armed ? You bet . But fabulous ? That 's one claim Miss Congeniality 2 : Armed and Fabulous ca n't make .
A tired , dull bunch of bull-ock
Armed and Superfluous makes a more fitting title .
Miss Congeniality 2 trods the same path so recently plodded by Nia Vardalos ' garish trainwreck Connie and Carla .
Sandra Bullock 's latest makeover as an FBI agent runs out of lip gloss well before she snatches a beauty queen from the jaws of death a second time .
Miss Congeniality 2 : Armed and Fabulous attempts to do this and has its moments before it succumbs to complete banality .
Without better material , Bullock 's talents will remain undercover .
Bullock can still play the girl next door doing a pratfall with plenty of charm , but nowhere near enough grace to save this otherwise mediocre movie .
We never find ` congeniality ' in a clunky , mean-spirited sequel that mines most its ` humor ' from one unlikable character 's sadistic abuse of another unlikable character .
The laughs are hardly armed and this mess , far from fabulous !
In the zany tradition of Lucille Ball 's Lucy , Goldie Hawn 's Private Benjamin and Renee Zellweger 's Bridget Jones , we can now add Sandra Bullock 's Gracie Hart .
All it lacks is a laugh track -- appropriate since it also lacks a laugh .
This latest version of ebony-and-ivory harmony features girls , of both genders .
While most audience members will cringe at the inevitable showdowns and reconciliations , Bullock makes the female-bonding angle seem not only believable , but compelling .
This movie made me laugh .
Like its predecessor , Miss Congeniality 2 is by turns a predictable and outlandishly contrived take on the Pygmalion myth .
Miss Congeniality 2 : Armed and Fabulous is enjoyable in patches , but only because of the goodwill that most of us still have toward Sandra Bullock .
A sequel comedy so weak , crass , dumb , labored and lame that it merits a sort of anti-quality Oscar .
The picture is going to have fun with or without you , so you might as well give in .
There are too many rehashed jokes , and the new ones feel desperate .
For those who mainly want familiar faces and predictable comedy and do n't mind too much if every idea and every joke is tired and every moment utterly uninspired .
The movie seems so enamored of its own charms that even the outtakes have a slightly calculated feel .
In the end consider this - the only really watchable performance in this movie belongs to William Shatner .
Although Sandra Bullock is entirely watchable , Miss Congeniality 2 fails to win the title the second time around . Say goodnight , Gracie .
The overall premise is too flimsy to sustain an ongoing series . It should be two and through for Miss Congeniality .
A surprisingly buoyant sequel ...
Might please the diehard Bullock fans , but no one else .
Sandra Bullock 's FBI agent is back in action for a sequel that feels like a distant runner-up in the quality comedy pageant .
... another unambitious Hollywood fluffpiece born out of greed , sloth and safety nets .
Labours to recapture the magic and ends up both getting the tone wrong and making its central character rather unlikeable .
The main problem with the film is that it 's at least 30 minutes too long - the plot simply is n't strong enough to sustain a two hour running time and the film runs out of steam way before the end .
The sequel is predictable , dumb and flaccid , too , but to a greater degree . It is everything its predecessor was , and less .
Forget logic or reason or thinking . With nonsensical plot devices that are there solely to make a joke , this Sandra Bullock vehicle is surprisingly entertaining .
Bullock is still funny and appealing , but the horrendous script by Marc Lawrence sinks the enterprise .
Deliriously funny if instantly forgettable .
There is no good reason to go and actually see it .
The film occasionally drags and overstates points , especially in a sticky-sweet coda . Yet we 're always invested in the anxious Gracie and abrasive Sam .
Nothing with so many people in drag should feel this draggy .
You figure Bullock would have learned her lesson about sequels after the Speed 2 fiasco . MC2 is n't that bad , but it puts its star 's charms to the test .
Bullock is charming but clearly ca n't choose roles to save her life ; cross your fingers we wo n't be subjected to Three Weeks Notice soon .
For giving us a completely new story about the further adventures of Gracie Hart , Miss Congeniality 2 is a fine sequel .
as gaudy and synthetic as a showgirl 's headdress ... As the great George Burns often said , ` Say good night , Gracie . ' Please .
Lame and inoffensive .
A pretty laughless affair .
Sporadically amusing but sometimes slogging .
Has the lazy rhythms of a none-too-ambitious sitcom well into its lengthy popular run .
Miss Congeniality 2 : Armed and Fabulous lacks even the limited amusement and appeal brought to the original as a result of some shrewd casting .
-LSB- MC2 is -RSB- like a firecracker that spirals all over the place , exploding in some places and fizzling out in others . Luckily , there is more exploding than fizzling .
Harmless sequel .
Entertaining and heartwarming .
-LSB- Sandra Bullock is -RSB- mildly amusing but everything around her is weak .
A boilerplate action comedy .
Congenial , maybe , but hardly fabulous .
This is one hideous excuse for a motion picture -- the kind of steaming sewage that occasionally makes life as a film critic seem like an exercise in self-immolation .
This uninspired and slapdash sequel to Bullock 's crowd-pleaser Miss Congeniality does have a handful of funny moments and clever one-liners , but it 's strictly a formulaic entry that recycles bits from the first film .
Bullock is liable to catch a lot of grief for this career move , but she 's always been a sympathetic performer , and you have to admire her professionalism here in the face of what she must know is second-rate material .
Not fabulous , barely even congenial , Armed and Fabulous lets us see the end of Bullock 's stardom , even if she does n't .
The jokes are hit or miss , but the appealing teamwork of Bullock and King gives the movie gleam .
It is n't just that Miss Congeniality 2 is nearly absent a single genuine laugh ; it 's that instead of a screenplay and a story we now have stereotypes and sketch comedy .
Mildly amusing , but hardly fabulous and awfully long .
The first film had its moments , not to mention Benjamin Bratt . But this one 's contrived enthusiasm for itself is misplaced .
Miss Congeniality is the sort of tedious and generic sequel that gives the number 2 a bad name .
Beyond rescue or repair .
It 's as original as a pageant contestant advocating world peace .
Miss Congeniality 2 : Armed and Fabulous is as awful as the original was inspired .
Caine is gone -- and so is the comedy .
The premise of the first Miss Congeniality is unrepeatable by definition , and Gracie is much less interesting as a now-fashion-savvy agent in Las Vegas .
A delight from start to finish .
It 's all pretty silly . Sometimes silly is just what you need .
It 's absurd and predictable , but fans of the first movie should like this at least as much .
Bullock deserves better . We deserve better .
MC 2 is one limp , dead fish of a comedy , all predictable characters and nonsensical storylines , filled with cheap would-be yuks and loads of talented people picking up paychecks .
Like most sequels , Miss Congeniality 2 is just a dumbed-down version of a concept that was n't that bright to begin with .
This follow-up to the surprising 2000 comedy hit is so deprived of charm and so full of shrill , forced humor that it may make fans of the original forget why they enjoyed it .
Miss Congeniality 2 has some laughs , but many of the jokes seem desperate .
Miss Congeniality 2 's target audience is those desperate for entertainment .
An exhausting , predictable , even maddening moviegoing experience .
It 's kinda sweet , completely vacuous , and not really very entertaining .
Miss Congeniality 2 is n't a total waste of your time ; Bullock sees to that . But it is a waste of the star 's time .
Bullock -LSB- 's -RSB- ... phony ` adorableness ' -LSB- is -RSB- half laughable Hollywood concept of what it means to be ` bohemian ' and half deep self-hatred of the attempt at individuality ...
Screenwriter Marc Lawrence -LRB- who also wrote the first movie -RRB- has turned his tough-as-nails , crotch-kicking Gracie into the ` FBI Barbie ' she always hated .
It wants to be a buddy cop flick and a chick flick at once , but it fails at both worse than Feds , that marginal '80s fiasco starring Rebecca De Mornay .
Sandra Bullock 's heart does n't seem in this particular bit of silliness . It 's as if she knows the comic opportunities of making her a cast-iron you-know-what are n't knocking .
The movie suffers until Gracie is once again ` back on the case ' . The movie actually gets entertaining from this point on , but unlike Gracie - it 's too late to save the day .
So as not to be completely uncreative , they 'd make Bullock over again , and she 'd save the same beauty queen 's life , but darn it , there 'd be no beauty pageant this time .
Somewhere inside this very mainstream Hollywood confection is a surprisingly subversive little bit of deconstruction . This is a movie about an un-makeover .
If people keep seeing movies like this , they 'll just keep making them . Kind of like feeding the birds ... or the cockroaches .
Yet another lame , entirely predictable sequel with no reason for existing other than to make a quick buck .
Sandra Bullock and Marc Lawrence bring us a sequel that 's just as `` congenial '' as the first movie ... and that 's a unique achievement .
This crime caper collapses under the weight of fluff , delivering a muddled girl-power message . It 's far from fabulous .
It 's the supporting cast that help to make the sequel better than the original
While the original relied on too many pratfalls and a charmless romance , the sequel utilizes snappy dialogue and a female buddy pairing with the terrific Regina King
Bullock returns with the grim inevitability of a natural disaster , and it 's every bit as cheaply predictable as the first film
Bullock 's quippy snippiness is n't enough ... If Miss Congeniality is a consolation prize , let 's hope Miss Congenialty 2 is a parting ` gift . '
It did n't stink as much as I thought it would ! But , it 's still the most unnecessary sequel since Weekend At Bernie 's 2 .
The surest sign that Miss Congeniality 2 does not have a fraction of its predecessor 's intelligence is that Shatner is relegated to being a useless hostage .
Having basic hygiene skills does n't preclude a woman from being tough enough to kick elderly Regis Philbin 's *** .
A bigger , gaudier mess than the first movie .
Despite the subtitle , it 's an utterly mediocre comedy that shoots blanks ... maybe the CSI team can investigate how a stiff like this wound up in their town .
Miss Congeniality 2 is a sour , tedious , unfunny joke for 115 minutes . It may be armed , but it most certainly is n't fabulous .
Gracie Hart may still be armed , but her sheer fabulousness has come to a rather abrupt and unfortunate end .
It 's an enjoyable -LRB- or at least educational -RRB- study of what Bullock and her favored writer-producer Marc Lawrence have rightly identified as the star 's best comedy assets .
Is n't a noticeable regression from its predecessor . But it 's no advancement either , suggesting the risks inherent in franchise filmmaking .
Every gag falls as flat as the klutzy title character .
Bullock 's delivery of a few choice one-liners is the sole source of laughs -LRB- but -RRB- her character has turned into a vapid , shallow , egocentric Barbie doll nitwit .
After an endless stream of punches , push-up bras , and plot padding , there 's little chance you 'll leave the theater feeling too congenial
As Agent Sam Fuller -LRB- some script doctor is grinning somewhere -RRB- , King is called upon to routinely assault co-workers .
Silly , stupid and sometimes funny , the movie is at its funniest in those moments when it 's so bad it 's good .
`` There 's a cannon in my porthole , '' declares William Shatner , getting the most out of his one real line . Yes there is Mr. Shatner , and its name is Miss Congeniality 2 .
it 's embarrassing in a way that makes you want to avert your eyes and back slowly out of the theater
Nice poster .
Neither buff nor fabulous , the high concept more wearying than delightful on the second go-round .
Bullock struts her stuff well , but this comedy lacks freshness and sags in all the wrong places .




@highlight

Sandra Bullock is still as appealing as ever ; too bad the movie is not pageant material .