Everything has been poured into securing the stars and filming locations , but nobody has bothered with what lies at the heart of any decent musical , which is warmth , energy , mischief , great choreography and belting songs .
Few will leave the theater exclaiming `` Leapin ' Lizards ! '' - but you can bet your bottom-dollar that there 's a good time to be had here .
Redundant or not , `` Annie '' will provide a solid option for families on the lookout for a movie to see over the holidays , and maybe that 's justification enough .
Every time it seems that Hollywood may finally be winding down with their producing of endless unnecessary remakes , a movie like Annie comes along to remind us just how creatively bankrupt the mainstream movie industry remains .
You may grimace at some points , but kids might like it anyway .
There 's nothing wrong with reworking the score of Annie -- as this film does -- but too often , the movie seems a little embarrassed to be a musical at all , making it seem as if it 's having a crisis of confidence .
This seems like a film that does n't really want to be a musical .
The film makes it to three stars simply for a hilarious scene in which Stacks takes the kids to watch a movie , which is a most brilliant Twilight parody , called MoonQuake Lake .
After its sly opening -- meta-jokes about the Annie we expect ; a song-and-dance about class divides -- the flick mostly gives us a cocky , fully-formed child , broadly shticked-out adults , a musical-ness that seems show-offy , and almost no political savvy .
Annie has a fun , fizzing feel-good factor but , unfortunately , little in the way of lasting resonance .
Despite an authentically enthusiastic performance by Oscar nominee Quvenzhane Wallis , `` Annie '' sinks and sinks hard with the sounding of more than a few false notes .
The cast generates some laughs , and the leading lady is adorable , but the musical sequences range from clunky to painful . And there are lots of them .
The songs are ten times better than the ones in Into the Woods ,
As much as we fear remakes of classic films there are , on occasion , heartening examples where it 's done right . Here we have a nicely updated , jazzed-up version of the unfairly maligned 1982 John Huston musical .
Quvenzhané Wallis is irrepressibly cute ... but almost everything going on around her is irredeemably crass .
The song selection and its presentation seems out of his control .
The filmmakers only thought about how to make it current , and not about how to make it better .
Though the old numbers are here , they 're staged in an off-hand manner that lacks the excitement of John Huston 's original .
Annie is easily one of the worst movies of the year . It 's dull , offensive , poorly acted , and dreadfully choreographed .
Wallis is up to the task , radiating charm without pushing it . Beasts was n't a fluke ; the camera loves this kid .
Annie is not the awful film it 's been painted as . In fact , it has much in its favor .
Musicals are made to enchant and help us sing the blues away ... and for that , I 'd recommend the original `` Annie '' . You 're only a day away ...
Another unoriginal Hollywood remake that no one really asked for . The music holds up , and it 's a testament to those songs that they can withstand this misfire of a film .
A flattened , bowdlerised project that has passed through too many hands
It 's clear that those behind this Annie remake wanted to achieve : A progressive new take on an old standard , just in time for families to enjoy during Christmas holidays . If only Smith , Jay-Z and Gluck could have focused more on delivering a good film .
Are you a little girl , aged between six and ten ? ... Have you learnt every song from Frozen and are you ready to torment your parents with a whole new repertoire ? ... congratulations , you are part of the ridiculously specific target audience for -LSB- Annie -RSB- .
It 's not an utter disaster . How could it be given Quvenzhané Wallis 's unfettered joy and easy rapport with Jamie Foxx and Rose Byrne ? But she 's the only thing in a reimagined `` Annie '' that treats rather than tricks as it strains to manufacture whimsy .
A good idea for an update , but the result is too wobbly to stand on its own
... an ill-conceived update of the fairy-tale musical about a precocious orphan girl into the social-media age .
Two of my favorite people in Hollywood working together on an exciting reimagining of one of my favorite musicals -- what could go wrong ? Sadly , too much .
Even Sandy the dog looks like he 's had enough .
It 's a hard-knock life for cinemagoers who make the mistake of going to see this new version of Annie hoping for some of the Broadway pizzazz of the original .
The vigorous display of good feelings and comforting resolutions has an unusually effervescent sincerity , even if the rags-to-riches wish-fulfillment leaps over all the hard knocks .
This latest `` Annie '' could have been told more efficiently , and with more depth , but with Wallis and Foxx leading the cast , it 's an engaging enough , if not memorable , remake .
The 1977 Broadway hit has suffered an overblown 1982 adaptation , a sickly 1999 TV movie and a terrible stage sequel . But the worst had n't happened to it until this awkwardly updated , misconceived and sloppy remake .
There you have it , kids : all you need is love . Although loads of money and a good wi-fi signal definitely help .
There 's not much delight to be had in an orphan 's bedazzlement by this corporate paradise - besides , is gaining material wealth all the story has to offer ?
You can `` betcha bottom dollaaar '' that this the most pointless remake of the year .
Take out Quvenzhané Wallis , and it instantaneously becomes one of the most hateful , ill-made studio pictures of the year
Leapin ' lizards , was this a bad idea .
The blame falls squarely on Gluck , who appears to have never seen a musical film in his life , shoots dance numbers with staid limpidity and zero sense of rhythm , and edits them in a way so as all the performers are barely visible .
This refreshing take on events feels lost in a movie that feels so outdated , as obsolete as the much-loved 1982 original .
A teeter-totter between O.K. and Meh .
When it comes to family movies and musicals , you certainly could do better than this new `` Annie . '' Maybe it 's the Christmas spirit talking , but you could do worse , too .
Foxx and Company Flounder in Bland `` Annie . ''
This remake updates the musical to include hip-hop stylings , Twitter updates and YouTube references , but any charm has been left behind in John Huston 's 1982 film .
Wallis keeps things watchable , exuding real screen presence . However , even with talented singer Foxx onboard , there is n't a single memorable rendition of the familiar tunes , and ` Tomorrow ' hangs around like a kitchen odour .
Feels too calculated to appeal to a new generation of young audiences , with big bassy beats , Instagram references , and liberal applications of auto-tune scraping the soul out of the musical .
A 21st Century variation on the age-old theme where an insufferable 1 % - er finally gets in touch with his sensitive side with the help of an irresistible ragamuffin representing the downtrodden rest of humanity .
Wallis here retains all the unaffected charm that she showcased in Beasts , skipping nimbly between comedy , pathos and show-stopping song and dance , lending credible heart and soul to a production that so often fails to find its feet .
Wallis is the only one among the cast to bring some real energy to the screen ...
This Annie would n't survive on ` American Idol ' or ` Dancing with the Stars . ' She 's a charmer all the same .
... it 's cut like someone was angry at the footage and shot like someone 's allergic to seeing a dancer 's feet .
The film is frequently awkward , suffers from some pedestrian choreography and wears its heart perhaps a bit too openly on its sleeve . But it 's also charming , well-acted ... and , most surprisingly , quite funny .
Quvenzhané Wallis has a thousand-watt personality and is the main reason kids -LRB- and families -RRB- will find this Annie appealing .
Annie lands in an uninventive middle ground - it is n't necessary -LRB- or an improvement -RRB- but it is n't a total disaster either .
It 's ultimately hard to resist a family-friendly film that 's this confident and energetic -- and genuinely funny -- without ever pandering .
This new Annie maintains the sweetness of the original material while making it fresh and new . It makes `` Tomorrow '' feel like today .
The movie gets messier as it goes , but the actors are peppy and a sense of goodwill pervades .
It was a bold choice to fill a role made famous by Carol Burnett with someone who is n't funny .
Update of classic musical is cute but a bit hokey .
The transition from the familiar 1930s Annie to 2014 's Annie is n't always graceful , but it is often fun , in a flashy , chaotic sort of way .
Did I really just watch Foxx and Wallis do an entire musical number set inside a moving helicopter ? I did , and I 've never felt more embarrassed for two actors , mostly because Foxx seems embarrassed for himself .
Considering this musical has its roots in Depression-era American , Gluck 's contemporary take on the material is eerily lacking in observations about the rich/poor divide in this country .
A solid cast bodes well for this unnecessary remake of the 1982 movie -LRB- based on the 1970s musical -RRB- , but the filmmakers ' decision to turn the catchy songs into bland pop numbers is the real mistake .
We get the Annie we deserve . This one is sweet , funny and soulless . Kids will love it .
In all the ways that matter it 's a missed opportunity to take a flawed musical and transform it into a powerful new myth with a particular African-American slant .
Despite any reservations about the music , it is a charming , lovely little movie .
`` Annie '' is very , very light on its feet , very frothy , and always unselfconsciously , at times provocatively kind-hearted , determined to melt grumpy hearts like marshmallows .
So crassly calculated to be contextually and culturally relevant to today 's youth , it seems as if it was written by an algorithm .
This Annie is n't a movie ; it 's a series of bits and blobs and smiles and sights , designed to be viewed in GIF form on a Tumblr page that recounts its highlights .
While the Depression-era angst of the original is gone it 's replaced by attitude and heart .
It 's the unevenness of the film that kept pulling me out . -LRB- Full Content Review -- Sex , Profanity , etc. -- for Parents also available -RRB-
Even the show-stopper `` Tomorrow '' comes off as half-hearted and obligatory .
Gluck 's whipped up a cute , frothy concoction for family holiday viewing . In one of the few new songs written for this second screen version , ` Opportunity , ' Wallis proves more than capable of carrying a tune .
It 's not the worst musical of the year .
Engaging characters , infectious melodies , suspense , drama and dance extravaganzas appeal to children of all eras . If only the powers that be behind the new Annie movie had kept this basic truth in mind .
How rad and cool is the new `` Annie '' ? Enough to hold the rapt attention of young tykes for two hours , while keeping their parental guardians `` fully dressed '' with smiles for almost as long .
Quvenzhané Wallis , the Oscar-nominated star of the trippy bayou indie Beasts of the Southern Wild , simply has to skip into a room - and into the frame - to light things up .
A splendid entertainment , full of heart and toe-tapping bliss without becoming goopy and cloying . The soul of who Annie is and what `` Annie '' has always been is still very much in abundance .
These are good catchy songs , and really one should emerge from any production of Annie humming at least one of them . But I came out hoping not to hear any of them again for quite a long time .
Leapin ' lizards ! The evergreen Broadway musical `` Annie '' strays far from its Depression-era roots with truly dismaying results in this crass , charmless , tineared and lead-footed update .
There 's a special place in hell for the perpetrators of Annie , not so much for the unconventional casting as for the shamelessly misleading advertising campaign ...
As for the gloopy sentimentality , that has always been an essential part of Annie 's DNA . You could n't make a film about her without it .
The only saving grace is Foxx , who handles both the small moments and big musical numbers with ease . It 's too bad he 's surrounded by supporting cast members that dance like they are wearing lead shoes and sing with all the passion of a wet sponge .
A jumbled mess .
Most of its successes and shortcomings are primarily the result of the movie 's own design , and there 's something admirable about that .
A movie that coasts on a disturbing greed-is-good vibe . And one that looks strangely cheap doing it .
By the end , the movie resembles just another formulaic , family-friendly piece of product , one the kids will enjoy and you 'll endure as it goes in the DVD player for the 40th time .
There is a nice energy in the opening scenes as Annie navigates the city , passing street performers riffing on the well-known score .
Banal , shallow and markedly cynical .
A cloying , superficial debacle ...
Mashed-up , hip-hop songs , miscast performers , and a production that sinks far more than than it soars .
Where to begin in describing the awfulness of `` Annie '' ?
Hard to believe the sun will come out tomorrow for the new `` Annie . ''
Most remakes are unnecessary but Annie is a bigger offender than many .
Phenom Quvenzhané Wallis proves her Oscar nomination for Beasts of the Southern Wild was no fluke . As a modern-day Annie , Wallis shines with her sweet portrayal . However , her performance alone ca n't save the film from being a dim adaptation .
Most of the cast ca n't sing or dance , and Gluck , who co-wrote the screenplay , has no clue why this story has endured .
Gluck 's remake is n't the train wreck that the first trailer portended . A train wreck would be more interesting . Annie is more like a placid drive through flatland , with the occasional cow spotting to break up the scenery .
The cast would have been better served by a middle school production overseen by a creatively frustrated , inappropriately ambitious drama teacher than by this hacky , borderline-incompetent production ...
There 's a surprising amount of bite : the filmmakers openly acknowledge the similarities between the Great Depression and the present , and the populist message , however overstated , always registers as sincere .
`` Annie '' is n't great , but at least it 's trying something different . For a movie clearly aimed at the preteen set , it offers a passable diversion . Albeit a rather materialistic one .
Why would a mediocre musical like Annie get another shot ? ... lackluster ... until -LRB- it -RRB- closes with a smashing reprise of `` Tomorrow '' by the full cast under the closing credits , which is too little too late .
One song is performed by Annie and Stacks while they are strapped into seats in a helicopter , not a promising scenario for those who remember when even the most routine movie musicals were vehicles for choreography , athleticism and physical expression .
The new Annie is jam-packed with Glee-style choreography and greed-is-good luxury . Like its predecessors , it 's a fantasy . But unlike them , it 's not so much heartwarming as warmed-over .
There 's still a good film to be made of `` Annie , '' but it 'll take Broadway veterans , not box-office stars , to pull it off .
`` Annie '' is not a great movie musical - but it 's a fun time at the movies .
If any awards show adds a category for Most C+C Music Factory Jokes , Annie has it in the bag .
Parents with fond memories of the original may need to grin and bear .
It falls ignominiously on its fat one . The Sony hackers , the so-called Guardians of Peace , have leaked the new Annie online so everyone can have free access . It 's their cruelest trick to date .
Wallis is adorable , but there 's little magic in the new music or the barely-there choreography . A missed opportunity .
`` Annie '' is a shiny little pebble with nothing close to a surprise in it , set in a New York that would cause Martin Scorsese to burst into flame if he walked into it . And young kids just might like it .
Ultimately , `` Annie '' is so fixated on being current that it will never be more than a passing fancy .
The second most embarrassing thing Sony did this week .
Musical purists should stay away , but little girls should have fun here , and the movie 's full of goofball touches that help pass the time for the grown-ups bringing them .
The overall vibe of this folly is curdled and utterly blase ; it 's a 118-minute foregone conclusion , finesse-free and perilously low on the simple performance pleasures we look for in any musical , of any period .
Co-producers Will Smith and Jay Z shook up the classic 1982 movie-musical and turned it into a slick , out-of-tune miss that 's desperately aching to be hip .
Any scene without Wallis and her gang of remarkably symmetrical , well-groomed orphans feels like a chore - `` Let 's just get through this , '' the movie seems to be saying , `` Then we 'll show you that cute little girl and her puppy again . ''
Starting with insipid material once again yields insipid results .
This is an Annie for adults , only now the spin is less `` Remember the social-welfare lessons of the Great Depression ? '' and more `` Hey , rich people are nice , too . ''
The feel-good story and sing-along production numbers are likely to please the movie 's target audience of tween girls , but there 's not a whole lot in `` Annie '' to win their parents over .
For all the talent involved , the overall effect is surprisingly flat . Foxx appears disconnected , Byrne is wasted and a painfully hammy Diaz seems to be in another movie altogether .
Vocal treatments that have been Auto-Tuned to processed perfection are probably the main reason the music fails to truly connect . The addition of a few forgettable new tracks do not help , either .
Quvenzhané Wallis is adorable and Cameron Diaz is a hoot . But the movie is energetic yet bland , inoffensive and instantly forgettable .
This new adaptation of Annie is just too glossy and slick .
My daughter liked it just fine , and I 'd imagine she 's more the target audience than I am .
`` Annie '' has every opportunity to embrace its new setting , and present a brand new twist on the original series , but it just fails on all marks .
Aside from an unintentional homage to Zoolander that is so tone-deaf it 'll make you guffaw , Annie goes out of its way to make viewing it a hard-knock life ... for us .
Annie deserves credit for illustrating that old racial prejudices do n't have to be preserved by new entertainments , but this remixed rendition does n't speak to the kids of today so much as it does to their parents ' wallets .
Feels cheap and lacks creativity
This movie is slathered in slush , immersed in yuckiness and positively laminated in ickiness . It 's supposed to warm your cockles . It might do something entirely different to your gag reflex .
This `` Annie '' was supposed to be for a new generation . In the harsh light of 2014 , it 's never looked so dated .
Considering what an annoying cliche the original musical has become , this updating works OK .
Rough , wild and wooly , and kids are gon na love it . But , the longer it goes , the more it strays from the original musical , and the more there is for fans to dislike ... This Annie never goes to the White House . She 's too enamoured with her penthouse .
Despite having its heart in the right place , Annie ultimately dissolves into a clichéd mess .
A mildly entertaining and mostly painless family film that provides spark plug Quvenzhane Wallis an extended opportunity to show off her star qualities .
When music takes over , a film straining to be down has all the pizzazz of an Up with People production .
This is a bizarre family-orientated musical that requires you to wear thick rose-coloured glasses .
As sure as the sun will come out tomorrow , you 'll fall in love with Annie ! I could n't stop smiling throughout this happy film that the whole family will embrace
It 's going to be a hard knock holiday for the parents . Wallis aside , Annie is a noxious mess that represents family `` entertainment '' at its most insufferable .
2014 : Annie 's America makes director John Huston 's elephantine , synthetically charismatic 1982 adaptation look like a Minnelliesque model of focus and concision .
The sun 'll come out tomorrow , by which time this toxic mess should be forgotten .
Think you 've got a hard-knock life ? Try sitting through the new `` Annie . ''
While there are several possible good reasons to remake the Depression-set musical `` Annie '' in 2014 , none of them seem to have informed Will Gluck 's overblown yet undernourished treatment .
'' -LSB- A -RSB- disenchantment , even misanthropy , seeps through Will Gluck 's reinterpretation of the Broadway classic . ''
I liked the new Annie . Some of the updates do n't work , like at all , but it 's still Annie and still the music , no matter how much they try to remix it .
This sickly sweet story of an orphan adopted by a billionaire , warming his heart and singing her soul out must have demanded a bit more gee-whiz personality and stagecraft than the young Wallis has in her repertoire yet .
Though always meant to be a fairy tale , this new `` Annie '' comes across as especially materialistic and shallow , an endless parade of high-priced trinkets and fancy clothes .

@highlight

The new-look Annie hints at a progressive take on a well-worn story , but smothers its likable cast under clichés , cloying cuteness , and a distasteful materialism .