Drawn in big swaths of black and white and embellished with thin curls of cigarette smoke and cascades of jasmine flowers , Persepolis is a gorgeous film .
Persepolis is , in its way , a hymn to the enduring influence of family , particularly during a time in which the state is attempting to seize all hearts , minds and instincts for itself .
You could ask for a more hardcore adaptation of her bitterly funny , sad and angry book , I think , but not for a more enjoyable one .
It 's a mind-blower .
Equal parts contrarian and humanist , Persepolis -- regardless of how it was inked -- refuses to see anything in black and white .
Moving , perceptive and extremely funny .
Persepolis , despite its inventive and pleasing animation , drags on dully .
The diffused momentum arguably suits the subject : that 's teen turmoil for you , heightened here by the troubles of time and place .
Marjane 's outlook on events is always slightly skewed and caricatured , and the visuals keep Persepolis striking to the eye even during its less dramatically satisfying patches .
There 's very little that 's whimsical about this coming-of-age chronicle , but if we 're looking for political reflection we 're reading the wrong comic book .
Extremely entertaining , often moving and an eye-opener to those of us who know little about Iran .
Based on her own graphic novel , Marjane Satrapi and Vincent Paronnaud 's film is a masterly work .
A moving , intimate , complex , visually beautiful black-and-white story .
A gentle dance performed at the edge of the abyss
Marjane learns that there 's no place like home . And we Americans watching realize that people have homes even in the heart of the Axis of Evil .
un récit d'une remarquable sensibilité s ` imposant comme une oeuvre de marque au sein d'un genre que nous n'avons pas encore l'habitude de voir sous un jour aussi politisé
Here is an adaptation so inspired , so simple and so frictionless in its transformation of the source material that it 's almost a miracle .
An exuberant autobiographical film and dark-horse contender for an animated feature Oscar .
The film 's nuanced view of social issues is complemented by lovely black-and-white animation work that blends Islamic motifs into a sort of Yellow Submarine-ish world .
Satrapi 's life story is exhilarating and heartbreaking ; filtering political events through her youthful experience of them creates a very different , very human picture of Iran .
The subtlety of the interplay among the three generations of women is extraordinary .
Effortlessly -LSB- juggles -RSB- comedy and drama to create a refreshing take on the classic coming-of-age tale unlike anything we 've ever seen before .
Persepolis is a superb film about a young girl 's coming of age amidst war , fascism and family tragedy .
A moving adaptation of Marjane Satrapi 's graphic novel about a girl growing up in Iran amid the upheavals of the 1980s and '90s .
It 's striking how much emotion Satrapi is able to convey through these blocky drawings , which are simple but powerfully chosen .
Animation has never been a more sophisticated tool for storytelling , and Persepolis takes the form in a daring direction .
Persepolis is a funny , touching , occasionally frightening and altogether engrossing description of her life between 1978 and 1994 .
You will laugh , you will be moved to tears , and you may even come away thinking the human race might actually survive without killing each other off , because there are stories like -LSB- this -RSB- to remind us that , deep down , we 're all pretty much the same .
The animation absolutely won me over -- Satrapi 's art style is simple , engaging , and cool all at once .
This is a delightful , curious film that indulges in both the personal and the political and provides a potted history of modern Iran through one woman 's experience .
The monochromatic palette and simple lines of Satrapi 's drawings go with a lusty sense of humour .
An uplifting , funny , moving fable about the difference between the ideal of freedom and the real thing ...
With deceptively simple , mostly black and white animation , the filmmakers take us through a life story that is anything but simple
A unique insight into life in Iran from the point of view of a young girl , this observant cinematic impression sears itself into our consciousness by its simplicity , both in storytelling and graphic representation ; a feast of imagery
A lively , feminist , first-person animated account of Iran 's Islamic Revolution .
So satisfying because it works on a few complimentary levels : as a coming-of-age story tracking innocence to experience , as an accounting of revolutionary and feminist struggles , and as an artful visual experience in cartoon form . -LSB- Blu-Ray -RSB-
Gives the viewer a glimpse into a foreign world , but its strongest suit is not depicting what is foreign , but what is common to all of humanity .
As a reminder that Iran is a complex society with a long tradition of cosmopolitan interchange with the West , Persepolis could hardly be more welcome . As a narrative , however , the film sometimes loses its way .
-LSB- I -RSB- t 's that balance of quotidian personal struggles taking place alongside the larger scope of political upheaval and repression that makes Persepolis such a riveting film .
A moving , funny , personal yet universal tale of one woman 's life growing up amid political turbulence , animated with concise artistry .
Persepolis makes this most difficult of subjects at once watchable , accesible , and ultimately unforgettable .
The predominantly black-and-white animation is used to amusing effect as Satrapi gently pokes fun at her youthful exuberance and innocence , making serious political points easy to swallow . The lack of sense of direction is the film 's only let-down .
A delightful , curious film that indulges in both the personal and the political and provides a potted history of modern Iran through one woman 's experience .
The monochrome animation is stark and beautiful , and Marjane 's an appealing narrator . Often hilarious , sometimes tragic , this may be low-tech , but it 's high-class .
Persepolis is very different and bold , beautiful and moving .
The political component is understated , but then it suddenly slips in and snaps at you .
A lot of beautiful animated sequences that could only come to life in movement ... We 've had this incredible wave of films giving us Iran from an insider 's point of view -- maybe now it 's time for the exile 's .
An art-house cartoon about war and revolution as seen through the eyes of a potential Blossom is more than just unique -- it 's rich , eye-catching , educational , and , yes , crowd-pleasing .
Despite the grimness of its subject matter , Persepolis is a relentlessly charming , persistently amusing tale about patriotism , familial love and the need to carry on , even in the face of madness and absurdity .
Serve para ilustrar como uma técnica historicamente associada a filmes infantis vem criando obras que representam o que de melhor o Cinema mundial tem oferecido ao público mais maduro .
at times uproariously funny , and it has moments of beautifully wild abandon
what might in other hands have been ethnographic agitprop is instead an engaging , character-based tragicomedy , grounded in what might be called the politics of real people .
Satrapi is ultimately less an Iranian girl than she 's like any young person anywhere .
The movie 's visual style is nothing short of exquisite .
Has more intelligence than the usual animation .
If Charles M. Schulz 's ` Peanuts ' cast was transported inside ` The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari , ' the visual result might resemble this film ...
Persepolis is astonishing , a revelation realized in masterful monochrome strokes .
Is that animated film that really makes the genre stand out and shows America that this medium can offer so much more than talking fish ...
With poignancy , humor and evocative animation , Satrapi and Vincent Paronnaud , who co-wrote and co-directed , detail a coming of age that coincided with the deterioration of a nation .
Animated by hand , often in glorious black and white , this French classic has the pathos , wit and intellectual sting of great political filmmaking .
If you go to see Persepolis , you 're going to do something you might not have expected to do in your life . You 're going to fall in love with an Iranian girl .
Persepolis is passionate , comically poignant and universally familiar in ways that expose the penguins and rodents that are its fellow Oscar nominees for best animated feature as being commercial and conventional .
-LSB- Marjane -RSB- Satrapi and -LSB- Vincent -RSB- Paronnaud wed the graphic novel to animation in Persepolis , and it 's the kind of blessed marriage through which both partners grow up .
It 's riveting .
The movie sparkles with witty self-awareness .
Persepolis will prove a worthwhile movie for thoughtful teens . They are likely to discover that their plight may be universal , but their circumstances are always unique . And , oh yeah , the personal is always political .
Persepolis is a true original in the eclectic world of animation , one that 's full of fascinating contradictions .
At once a tribute to one young woman 's stubborn resilience and a reminder that people are people , regardless of how their governments may want them to behave , Persepolis is a film of great wisdom and welcome perception .
Iranian-born cartoonist Marjane Satrapi 's seemingly-simple drawings reveal a fascinatingly complex picture of life in her native county and the world as a whole .
The film works on multiple levels : as a history lesson , as a primer on Middle Eastern politics and as an artist biography .
It 's a cultural Rosetta Stone , bridging disparate cultures with a universal language % u2014 the pain of growing up .
The characters are so rich and so human that they transcend the simple animation.The vocal performances also help give the film universal appeal .
It is a marvelous piece of filmmaking with a story that begs to be seen and understood .
There is nary a hint of CGI or any other computer-aided special effects -- which makes its impact all the more remarkable .
Animated coming-of-age tale is poignant , mature .
Clicks on ever level , visual and narrative , with a sort of inventiveness that seems intoxicated by the liberating possibilities of cinema .
If anything , the tonal simplicity of the film lends itself to graphic wit , a rich array of emotional experience and an austere impression of Iran as a place where ordinary fun , as Satrapi remembers it , could get a young person in trouble .
Persepolis represents a novel kind of animated feature and a worthy addition to the growing canon of fine films made from graphic novels .
A film as personal and eccentric as Satrapi 's original book , a black-and-white , hand-drawn memoir of growing up and away from Iran .
More than just the first film in recent memory to be considered a must-see , Persepolis begs for a second viewing , if only to chart the way it so delicately weaves together the different stages of Marjane 's life .
Few movies capture so well the fluid , fulsome response of children to their -LRB- and our -RRB- complex worlds .
Marjane Satrapi 's acclaimed 2003 autobiographical graphic novel series has been turned into one of the most complexly moving animated films I 've ever seen .
Beautiful and heartbreaking , Persepolis is a sublime achievement worthy of applause .
While not visually explicit , `` Persepolis '' is an uncompromising look at the culture of Iran as seen by an observant and open-minded child ...
Marjane Satrapi , with co-director Vincent Paronnaud , has taken her work and turned it into a vigorous , revealing and tragic film .
There 's a good lesson here about Iranian history but it 's not exactly gripping material . Amounts pretty much to a `` so what ? ''
No attempt has been made to go beyond two dimensions with the images , but the story and characters spring to three-dimensional life .
Persepolis feels abstract , never deeply personal , because Satrapi offers only surfaces and push-pin thoughts while sharing here sincere but glib sisterhood with Iranian history .
The story 's greatest value lies in its elegant twining of the universal and the obscure : Satrapi 's coming-of-age should be familiar to all , but along with it come startling glimpses of everyday life under the heavy hand of a Muslim theocracy .
In spite of all the idealistic baggage , the film feels like it 's traveling light . The fluid handmade visuals hang onto the uniqueness of Satrapi 's heavy-lined work while giving them a smoothness and a visual depth they previously lacked .
It might seem that her story is too large for one 98-minute film , but Persepolis tells it carefully , lovingly and with great style . It is infinitely more interesting than the witless coming-of-age Western girls we meet in animated films .
A riveting odyssey in pictures and words . It 's unlike any journal you 've read or any animated movie you 've seen .
This French-speaking Iranian cartoon clan is one of the most relatable families I 've seen onscreen in ages .
Has a simple , pleasant charm of a character trying to adjust like a kid on the first day of school , though it 's ultimately too episodic to escape that appearance of simplicity .
There is no question that the animation style of this French production is unlike anything we 've ever seen before ...
Persepolis may be a crudely drawn , two-dimensional cartoon , but it packs more genuine emotion than plenty of live-action dramas .
At once traditional and forward-looking , gracious and intuitive , her grandmother provides the eternal child Marjane with a model of generosity and good sense amid the tumult of life .
An autobiographical effort in a style that might best be described as comic Byzantine minimalism by the unreasonably talented comic artists and animators Marjane Satrapi and Vincent Paronnaud .
Sensitive and stylized , it 's an often comic , yet heartbreaking , outspoken portrait of a young girl and a nation in turmoil .
It 's The 400 Blows viewed from behind a veil and drawn with a graceful , ironic black-and-white pen .
Persepolis is a poignant tale , powerfully told through the simplest of means , that should resonate with viewers of all backgrounds .
With the political message of Persepolis considerably softened , the overall effect is dulled significantly .
Epic and deeply moving .
Done primarily in simple black and white animation Persepolis 's elegance lay in this simplicity combined with the deft complexity of -LSB- Marjane -RSB- Satrapi 's very moving story .
With its simple but elegant -LRB- if not always ideally expressive -RRB- images -LRB- almost entirely in black-and-white -RRB- and its deadpan , self-deprecating tone of spunkiness in the face of woe , Persepolis is an agreeably accessible .
No Country for Young Women .
It is , as much as anything else , an expression of a personality , an insistence that the singular voice of a single heart has meaning and can speak meaningfully across cultural boundaries both real and created .
The film is mostly in black-and-white , and in a style that draws as much from Charlie Brown as from the style of the novel or the legacy of the German Expressionists .
More touching and real than most live-action films could ever hope to be .
... a magical animation , one that presents a universal coming of age story within exotic locales with the simplicity and whimsy of folk art .
Named for the ancient capital of what was one called Persia , Satrapi 's story is also a timely and deeply personal glimpse of life in Iran before , during and after the 1979 revolution that ended the reign of the Shah and ushered in a new era .
The two main points Persepolis makes are that strife is relative , and all politics are personal .
The black-and-white animation wo n't dazzle your eyes , but everything else about Marjane Satrapi and Vincent Paronnaud 's adaptation of Satrapi 's graphic comic book series Persepolis will hold you in its thrall .
Essentially a coming-of-age story , though that description feels a little reductive for a movie as special as this one .
Persepolis , austere as it may look , is full of warmth and surprise , alive with humor and a fierce independence of spirit .
A reminder that even the most complex situations , identities and stories are heartbreakingly simple .
With its powerful fusion of the whimsical , satirical and emotional , Persepolis may well be the most original , inventive and moving film of the year .
It is a vivid , at times heartbreaking , portrait of a life and a nation in crisis .
The film is extraordinary , expanding the forms of memoir and of animation , told with enormous insight into the most intimate moments of adolescent longing and the most complex aspects of political upheaval .
A work of art that 's light as a feather . A true masterpiece .
A focused tone -LSB- puts -RSB- you right into the head of its storyteller , where everything about the art augments the initmacy of the teller 's thoughts and emotions .
Satrapi is an interesting woman who clearly has a distinctive way of telling her story , which is what makes this film such a uniquely joyous experience .
A strong contender for this year 's foreign language film Oscar -- and the only worthy competition for Ratatouille in the animated film category .
Though the film leaves out the subtle and complex political nuances of the book in favor of speed and brevity , it 's also a good deal livelier and funnier .
Illustrates that the extent to which fundamentalism has tightened its band around our artistic selves is leading both countries -LRB- ours and hers -RRB- into that old danse macabre .
Persepolis provides an achingly intimate view of how one young girl 's hopes and fantasies come under siege by events beyond her control .
Satrapi is as engaging and wry a storyteller on the screen as she is on the page . Her most difficult decision must have been deciding what to omit from the books .
Persepolis creates a fresh approach to interpreting the graphic novel format , taking cues from the experiences of illustrator Marjane Satrapi .
By turns whimsical , satirical and poignant to the point of heartbreak .
like the titular ancient city , is truly a sight to behold
Persepolis is a small landmark in feature animation .
An exhilarating reminder of what animation can do that other media ca n't .
There is no denying the boldness of Persepolis , both in design and in moral complaint , but there must surely be moments , in Marjane 's life as in ours , that cry out for cross-hatching and the grown-up grayness of doubt .
By turns lyrical , serious , funny and acerbic , Persepolis raises the bar for animation and illustrates the true power of storytelling in illuminating the world and its conflicts .
Not to be missed in any language . In a year that has given us such marvelous animated movies as Ratatouille and Paprika , this vibrant , sly and moving personal odyssey takes pride of place .
Told with style and passion , Persepolis is one of the most unique , and moving , animated films ever made .
Extraordinarily moving and wildly informative .
Beautifully animated , thoroughly engaging coming-of-age drama that is by turns moving , thought-provoking and laugh-out-loud funny .
A gem of an animated movie which subtly and comically jabs the Iranian regime while unfolding the spiritual journey of a woman from 1978 to the 1990 's .
An animated autobiographical masterpiece about one Iranian woman 's intense quest for the holy grail of freedom - one of the most imaginative and important films of the year .
This is a sturdily poetic movie , rendering in black-and-white a world where nothing ever is .
Here is that rare profoundly original film that will open floodgates . It also announces the brazen identity of a fiercely independent female voice in international cinema .
It 's a movie that makes you glad to be alive .
As with Art Spiegelman 's gold-standard graphic novel Maus , Iranian author Marjane Satrapi 's acclaimed series Persepolis directly confronts the political via the personal .
It always seems like there 's one very strong , very different animated film that gives the mundane , computer-generated ` toons a run for their money come Oscar time , and this is almost certainly going to be this year 's version .
The film has to simplify the story , but it allows more breadth to develop one lovely character particular , Satrapi 's beautiful grandmother .
Quite simply one of the best book adaptations and animated films to have come out of Europe in recent years .
Among the most original and moving films at Cannes this year , marked by a highly expressive and varied drawing style and the sense of a plucky young woman navigating the turbulent currents of politics , family and adolescence .
As a portrait of young female consciousness caught in a historical thrust of political and cultural turmoil , this original French animation , based on popular Iranian source material , is by turns funny , exuberant , dark and troubling .
A funny , sometimes dark , always affecting story of surviving the worst through a sense of humor .
Smoky grey backgrounds add layering and depth , while silhouette-work and jerky cardboard-puppet sequences nod humorously at the Arabian Nights tradition .
A fresh , moving , out-of-the-gate masterpiece -- a work of animation that manages to be artistically brilliant , politically rich , morally engaging and emotionally overwhelming .
The filmmakers were right to believe that a live-action version of this story would have failed to achieve the universality Persepolis does .
Any stragglers still unconvinced that animation can be an exciting medium for both adults and kids will run out of arguments in the face of Persepolis .



@highlight

Persepolis is an emotionally powerful , dramatically enthralling autobiographical gem , and the film 's simple black-and-white images are effective and bold .