The father/stepson angle applies a much-needed Heimlich maneuver to a series that was choking , but it 's not enough .
It 's frighteningly impressive that a one-note gag has spawned three dreadful films and hundreds of millions of dollars in box office receipts . Wherever will they go next ? Big Mommas 3D ?
Looking back , it 's strange to remember that the first two movies were both hits , and that Paul Giamatti and Terrence Howard even saw enough in the premise to sign up for the original . At this point , it 's really all just flab .
it is likely that this shambles will be the final nail in the coffin of the career of a man once touted as The Next Eddie Murphy .
A mashup of ` Some Like It Hot ' -LRB- leering rooster-in-the-henhouse voyeurism -RRB- and ` Glee ' -LRB- peppy musical interludes -RRB- , that , on the plus side , grapples with the potent issue of young black male identity ...
If you did n't enjoy the first two movies , do n't see this .
I laughed when it was as dumb as it should be . I was bored when it was n't .
The first one was n't all that great . The second one I barely remember seeing .
... lame contrivances and stale drag jokes ...
It only escapes a bomb rating because it 's more irritating than offensive -- like an ant crawling across a counter top rather than a roach roosting in the cereal box .
I 'm no fan of Perry 's blunt-force morality comedies , but at least his pseudo-sainted materfamilias is a real character .
It 's tempting to call Big Mommas : Like Father , Like Son a huge waste of talent , but considering the talent involved , that does n't seem like much of a waste .
Oh , come on now ! Knock it off !
John Whitesell , who helmed BM2 , keeps the gender-flipping gags firing with a sense of seriousness that seems blind to the inanity of the granny-panty flimsy plot .
It 's a true rubber-necker 's delight , a comedy so inconceivably tacky that it will make you question whether or not you 're laughing at the film or with it .
This is number three and the bloom is off the rose . Martin leave the drag to Tyler Perry and `` Madea . ''
What 's funnier than a black dude in drag ? How about two black dudes in drag ?
Can there really be a comparative and a superlative for `` unfunny '' ? It does n't make sense to describe this witless , embarrassing third film in the Big Momma franchise as `` the unfunniest '' .
As magical as ever .
Aside from providing the inspiration for 30 Rock 's fake Tracy Jordan movie Honky Grandma Be Trippin ' , it 's hard to see the value of this sporadic Martin Lawrence-wears-a-fat-suit-and-a-dress saga .
Devoid of ideas not reflected in its title , or even much in the way of sustained comedic effort , this is a bloated , wearyingly unamusing affair , from start to finish .
I did have a fun time wondering why character Malcolm 's first answer to any dilemma is to dress up like a woman . Does he have a back stock of these fat suits ?
` BM : LF , LS ' is pretty thin on the comedy . A few chuckles does n't justify the return of an aging character , whose make-up has already lost its appeal . It 's time to put away the fat suit .
Big Momma has laid a gigantic egg .
An assessment of the film as part of a dissertational examination of Lawrence 's contribution to comedic posterity and to African-American cultural history will surely note that the film was not pre-screened for critics in advance .
Gimmicky comedy is an unoriginal drag for young teens .
Even Big Momma deserves better than this .
It seems fair to point out that of all the cross-dressing comedies of recent decades , none has channeled Some Like It Hot quite so thoroughly .
It would be nice to report that , in the end , Big Mommas : Like Father , Like Son is just innocuous . Instead , it 's rather insidious
Martin Lawrence 's fat suit is n't the only thing getting threadbare in the Big Momma franchise .
A film so drained of entertainment or simple humanity it is difficult to relate to as anything other than industrial artifact .
If Tyler Perry finds liberation in lipstick , Lawrence has become suffocated by Spanx .
Lawrence 's gender-bending jokes are played out , and his slapstick is wooden and slow . It 's understandable : Clowning around underneath that fat suit must be exhausting . Almost as much as watching it .
There 's little that is fresh and nothing at all inventive about scenes involving the brandishing and firing of guns , the unfunny excesses of a putatively comical car chase , and the repetitious sass and brass of Big Momma 's life lessons .
The fat suit in this movie is a metaphor for the film itself . It 's awkward , grotesque , misshapen and full of ugly padding .
A rancid , unwatchable load , devoid of mirth and joy , and an enemy to all that is good .
-LSB- This -RSB- extraordinarily witless movie operates as a checklist for cultural and racial clichés .
It 's tough to begrudge a film that incorporates , as this one does , a supremely corny Fame number into its undercover ogling and groaning pratfalls .
Thanks a bunch , Tyler Perry . Your antics in old-lady dress-up have inspired Martin Lawrence to literally drag his worst franchise out of the closet and back onto the big screen , cheaper and more lazily than ever .
Agonisingly slow and laughter-free .
This is not a case of doubling the fun so much as an anxious attempt to revive a franchise running out of gas .
Anyone with a funnybone should avoid what will surely be the worst film of 2011 . Until the next Martin Lawrence movie , that is .
Pathetic .
The airless Matthew Fogel-Don Rhymer script makes one long for the snark and sass of Madea .
It would only be respectful to hang up Big Momma 's oversized girdle once and for all .
I extend my deepest sympathies . I hear there are support groups available for people who 've survived lousy Martin Lawrence comedies .
Though more professionally made than its predecessors , it is just as lazily plotted , formulaic and insultingly stupid .
Really , you could guess every joke the film offers in five minutes .
Among this film 's many misdemeanours is pinching the plot of Some Like It Hot .
The well-established Big Momma combination of cheap and cheesy chuckles , sex-obsessed banter , and slapstick so broad even the biggest of mommas could easily hide behind it .
Whoever demanded a third instalment of Lawrence 's mirthless mash-up of weak gags and cross-dressing horrors should be imprisoned and forced to watch it on repeat until they repent . Avoid .
The movie is at least 20 minutes too long . Actually , it 's 107 minutes too long .
Big Momma is back , the question is : Why ? In the name of all that is decent and thoughtful and pleasant , why ?
The world 's least funny comedian returns in this lazily written , pointless and painfully laugh-free threequel to the Big Momma 's House franchise that should be avoided at all costs .
It 's a marginal improvement on previous outings , if only because Lawrence is slightly lower in the mix .
Quite how this flaccid , one-joke crime-comedy franchise even got off the ground is a mystery .
This tired sequel serves up a load of half-baked slapstick , tedious dialogue and all-too predictable plot turns .
Like Hattie Mae herself , this franchise is just cliché and padding .
Still moronic , chauvinistic , clichéd , and just not funny - and staggeringly less so than the first two .
It 's amazing really , when you look back at the Big Momma 's House film series , how many major crimes can be solved by dressing up as a fat woman .

@highlight

Unnecessary , unfunny , and generally unwelcome , Big Mommas : Like Father , Like Son offers more of the same for fans of Martin Lawrence 's perplexingly popular series .