A rather rote and superficial look at the NASCAR circuit .
It turns out that racing around an oval track offers surprisingly few opportunities to exploit 3D effectively .
I wanted more time on the track , more passing , more actual racing . NASCAR -LRB- Stock car racing -RRB- implies `` adrenaline rush '' and I missed that in this otherwise solid documentary .
The film is about as illuminating as the race cars ' stickered-on headlights .
This one does manage to put audiences in the action . And its brief examinations of the science of auto racing are pretty educational .
Part infomercial , part historical documentary , all in 3-D , Nascar 3D is best seen as a spectacle , something that exists for its format rather than its content .
Gentlemen and ladies : Don your goggles !
The movie makes an excellent primer about the world of stock car racing for fans and nonfans alike .
In spite of flaws , for sheer size and bravado , it still deserves a look
NASCAR 3D will delight fans of auto racing .
Those vehicles sure are big , they come right at you , and they 're in one heck of a hurry . For about 40 minutes , that 's all you really need .
An interesting behind-the-scenes look at one of the world 's most popular spectator sports .
Offers a bit of NASCAR history , a smattering of engineering facts , glimpses of some of the sport 's most popular personalities and a whole lot of hyperbolic chatter about the populist glory of driving really noisy cars in a circle at 200 miles per hour .
Its rampant corporate sponsorship is messy and distracting , and the athleticism necessary to triumph is still less intriguing -LRB- perhaps because it 's less visible -RRB- than the athleticism necessary to triumph in , say , baseball .
Does n't quite overcome its shameless self-promotion , but the film will satisfy the Lynyrd Skynyrd set while providing a decent explanation to those who are baffled by the sport 's popularity .
An uneven combination of documentary and demolition drama .
A 45-minute glorified infomercial .
This 40-minute film shows off the combined IMAX/3D experience at its best .
In an amazingly compact 47 minutes , veteran director Simon Wincer outlines the history of the sport , evokes its culture and packs it with jaw-dropping statistics while never slackening the pace .
As IMAX fare goes , NASCAR 3D is an action-packed ride .
For devotees , it is a visceral thrill ride .
Race day comes and the experience is mildly disappointing -- better at the speed game than a conventional camera , to be sure , yet still far from the real deal , and well below the standard set by our own God-given peepers .
For those who ca n't get enough of NASCAR , the movie offers a large-scale opportunity .
It might not have all the thrills you 're seeking , but it has a lot of interesting information , even for those of us who are n't huge NASCAR fans .
A galvanizing experience in terms of sight and sound .
What Nascar : The Imax Experience is really about is huge objects hurtling toward the camera , which is to say right at your head .
Another one of those lightweight , corporate-sponsored Imax documentaries that resembles a promotional video more than a movie .
IMAX and NASCAR have to be one of the most harmonious match-ups since Elvis and a guitar .
Never as visually or viscerally thrilling as some might expect , but it still manages to be a fascinating study of a national phenomenon that has had very little impact in our part of the country .
Sponsored by NASCAR , this is not a critical look at the sport , nor is it particularly illuminating .
If the words ` Gentlemen , start your engines ' set your heart pounding , this is the Imax experience for you .
Brisk , high-density advertisement for stock-car racing sports a glossy corporate sheen , but may be just congenial enough to convert a few skeptics .
NASCAR 3D : The Imax Experience provides an insider 's look at what goes on at stock-car races , both on and off the track .
Wincer offers the expected driver 's - eye view of a championship race , but cuts away from it so frenetically that one never truly experiences the madman rush of taking a curve at 200 miles per hour .
Deserves the widest audience of any non-feature-length IMAX film .
True fans -LRB- i.e. , the people who are most likely to buy tickets -RRB- probably know a lot of this stuff already , and they might be disappointed by the lack of drama and the brevity of 3-D racing action .
Entertaining , aficionado-oriented production .
Now this is what I call awesome !
Posits its working-class supporters not as protagonists but consumers , cheering on their just-folks race-car heroes for proxy fantasies of high-speed escape and high-tech goodies .
Surprisingly earnest and sedate ... the sort of perfunctorily informative instructional film that might be the first leg on a guided tour of a NASCAR museum .





@highlight

A thrill ride for fans , but those looking for a deeper experience will be choking on exhaust .