Eventually , as in L'Avventura -LRB- 1960 -RRB- , the quest will come to an end , and a prickly normality will resume . For while Alexey may be the film 's absent focus , this is also a slow-motion portrait of two people lost in their lives and longing for change ...
Given the current political climate , the story has undeniable resonance on this hemisphere too . Indeed , this is one of the rare foreign-language films wherein an American remake would be wholly justified .
An emotionally stark indictment of middle class malaise and the broken promises of an empire , Loveless is one of the best films you 'll see this year .
Beautifully shot and acted , the story and themes get deep under the skin
A masterpiece , a brutal , uncompromising , stunningly well crafted and extraordinarily observant depiction of modern life , relationships , parenting , and society ... At every turn it is revealing and stunningly precise about the human condition .
Thin on character and narrative .
A fairly devastating critique of contemporary Russian life , now that such a thing is possible .
Something vital , his films intimates , has been lost in Russia , and perhaps not only in Russia - some warmth of the soul , a sense of civic accountability . As with the child , no one even noticed it slipping away .
Sometimes -LSB- Andrey Zvyagintsev -RSB- can fall into the didactic , his symbolism and criticisms too obvious , but at his best -LRB- thankfully most of the film -RRB- the director applies an admirable subtly . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's a kind of thriller , but without easy resolution . Zvyagintsev does not deal in reassurance : there is none to be had in this cold , hard place .
Is this what Russia is really like today ? Obviously there 's more to it than this , but this cold yet extremely gifted director 's dissection of his society is never less than riveting .
It 's the kind of premise that - in the hands of a more sentimental director - might deliver a glimmer of reconciliation between the two , but Zvyagintsev is not a filmmaker interested in letting his characters off the hook .
A haunting , heavy-hearted affair ...
An unapologetic lamentation , not just over the state of its leading characters ' lives but also -- like Leviathan -- over the state of life today in Vladimir Putin 's deeply apathetic Russia .
The premise seems to be taken from a Ruth Rendell novel . The search for the kid will not unite the marriage but to spread the lack of love between man and woman to all those around them . -LRB- Complete review in Spanish in newspaper Reforma -RRB- .
Andrey Zvyagintsev , who wrote the script along with Oleg Negin , makes this a merciless film , implacable , severe and uncomfortable ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A depressing but engrossing Russian blend of a domestic drama and police procedural crime drama
... Zvyagintsev shows us characters wasting their lives and becoming morally adrift ...
Zvyagintsev is a powerful teller of the truth , and his latest is a modern-day masterpiece .
All three leads give subtly wrenching performances that would n't have been out of place in Ingmar Bergman 's oeuvre .
` Loveless ' is not so much about finding the boy , but about how easily a person can be discarded or abandoned by parents who - because of their resentments and recriminations - already have moved onto new lives .
Loveless is about a state of mind , a lament , an indictment of crimes against the human spirit .
`` Loveless , '' which is Ingmar Bergman 's `` Scenes from a Marriage '' dipped in battery acid , is a master class in melancholy .
Just about every aspect of Loveless is executed perfectly .
It 's a dreadful voyage , filled with disappointment and disgust , but the Russian psyche has a way of turning human monstrosity into art . All that baroque emotion beaten down by years of oppression has prompted a numbness of spirit : pain becomes a tickle .
But despite director Zvyagintsev 's reliably sinuous , controlled filmmaking , Loveless too often comes off as just a relentless bummer .
Everything here - from the image to the dialogue to the landscape to the film 's vision and judgment - is clean , cold , and bracing .
Beautiful cinematography perfectly captures the mood of the story . These visuals match the committed performances , especially by Spivak , who really nails it in one particularly shattering scene .
The whole story can be seen as a metaphor for Putin 's Russia and the way the country has lost its humanity . `` Loveless '' is as bleak and harsh as the tundra .
Still , if Loveless is hard to love , neither is it easy to forget .
This is no textbook mystery ; it retains a realistic core that kept me committed to what becomes an increasingly cold case . The movie is also worth watching for the uniformly good performances .
Throughout the film , even chronic pessimists -LRB- like me ! -RRB- will find themselves defending humanity .
The essential gut-rot of reality remains in full effect , and while the story is n't always easy to watch , what it has to say about the wreckage of divorce is profound .
A stunning indictment of complacency , and a reminder of how fast something you love -- like our democracy -- can suddenly go poof if you look away , even for a second .
`` Loveless '' is hard to watch , but it does encourage hugging every child you see afterwards .
Academy Award nominated film by Andrey Zvyagintsev of The Return and Leviathan has devastating power and haunting mystery
Featuring stunningly bleak cinematography from Mikhail Krichman -LRB- `` The Return , '' `` Leviathan '' -RRB- complemented by Evgeniy and Sacha Galperin 's -LRB- `` The Family '' -RRB- stark score , `` Loveless '' offers a dark forecast for humanity .
The movie 's about two people - and , by extension , the culture and country of which they 're a part - confronting the fact that they 're no longer recognizably human .
As I watched `` Loveless '' unfold , I kept wondering `` what about the boy ? '' But , the film is about much more .
For those willing to have their patience tested , Loveless does serve up a provocative examination of relationships and how toxicity can affect those closest to them . Just like the gray , colorless visual palette , it does n't offer much optimism
These images are more powerful than any of the characterizations , which are less complex than one usually finds in the director 's work ... The director may be a master at setting a mood , but his insights here do n't cut especially deep .
-LSB- Loveless -RSB- is a provocative one ...
Loveless ca n't be simply taken at face value , a mere marital drama steeped in dysfunction . Andrey Zvyagintsev is a Russian filmmaker , with seemingly equal emphasis placed on each word .
Director Andrey Zvyaginstev -LRB- Leviathan -RRB- skillfully paints a powerful portrait of characters for whom self-interest trumps everything - even the welfare of a child .
Another of Zvyagintsev 's lacerating portraits of a country-and a world-in decline .
If Mother Zheyna is a stand-in for Mother Russia , and Zvyagintsev bluntly suggests that she is , then this movie is one , big unflattering selfie .
Director Zvyagintsev , who co-wrote the film , is intent on showing how calamity does n't necessarily unite people - it can push them further apart .
Loveless is a stark , taut , uniquely interesting drama filled with soul-less personas . This could possibly be appropriate to the particular community and to these specific characters than would be elsewhere , but at times feels a bit too alienating .
Zvyagintsev has crafted another ca n't - miss portrait of apathy , the banality and ease of meanness , and a plaint on the Russian state 's loveless people , as it were .
It 's a cherished cinematic cliché that Russian films tend to dwell on the gloomy side , but filmmaker -LSB- Andrey -RSB- Zvyagintsev ... gladly picks up that handy stereotype and bends it to his own purposes .
Like Tarkovsky , Zvyagintsev is a master at layered meaning , using the stark images as a visual metaphor for the decay of the larger society .
A slow , grim drama ...
Zvyagintsev 's decors and locations and low gray skies and selfish faces and clinically precise framings and lightly lyrical camera movements are ... his most profound : he 's an adept of shifting mood via elemental , geometric means .
The movie is not without its moments , especially its rare moments of quiet .
Loveless is ultimately a test of patience .
Loveless is far more focused in its critique of human nature
Zvyagintsev and his sterling cast expertly paint the portrait of a family too blinded by selfish desires to see the pain they are causing others .
It 's not a pleasant ride , and if you 've been party to an ugly divorce , it 'll definitely set some uncomfortable memories rattling loose . But it 's a gripping drama and a devastating character study .
Its message is n't subtle , but it is delivered with deadly , haunting finality .
His Oscar nom is unlikely to elicit Russian pride . Zvyagintsev shows Putin-era middle-class Moscow as a realm of vanity , hate and heartless neglect , amid a visual style of wintry wetness and desaturated landscapes .
This is a film that 's likely to stick with you because of its exceptional intensity .
Yet another piece of exemplary filmmaking by Zvyagintsev . Here , he draws out tantalising performances from his cast , while making incredible use of elements beyond the frame of action to amplify seismic levels of human disquiet .
Loveless , a sorry tale of marital breakdown , evokes a system bereft of structure or purpose , and a society ethically adrift . It 's a grim masterpiece .
Zvyagintsev has always been wildly ambitious , sometimes to a fault , and Loveless is perhaps his most encompassing indictment of Russian society .
Multilayered storytelling and complex characters invigorate this thematically familiar domestic drama .
Whatever is your politics , in Leviathan and Loveless , the director hands down generalizations of Russia , and like any generalization of this scope , those are borderline offensive in their simplifying-which is why no one should make them ...
Do n't expect an Oliver Twist-like ending .
The casual cruelty that can arise in romantic relationships is on full display in Loveless , richly illustrated in the characterisations of Zhenya and Boris .
There 's something profoundly affecting in its ugly truths , a sliver that gets under the skin and stays there .
It 's relentlessly cold-hearted that you get the sense that Zhenya and Boris might prefer it if their son does n't turn up - they are so deeply selfish and resentful of his existence . . Loveless is a beautifully shot and elegantly constructed film .
After his last two dissections of modern Russia , Zvyagintsev takes a more people-focused than system-exposing approach this time to laying bare his country 's psychological fault lines .
The filmmakers ' purpose is social portraiture with a psychodynamic context .
A couple goes looking for their missing son and exposes the corrupt soul of Putin-era Russian in an Oscar-nominated stunner that means to shake you and does .
Though deliberately paced , Loveless keeps you riveted with gorgeously shot sequences of a volunteer search force fanning out through wintry landscapes-suburban woods , an abandoned hotel , an especially grim hospital .
One feels in the film 's punishing bleakness a yearning for transcendence .
Loveless does not rise to the same dramatic intensity as Leviathan - its story and moral message is almost a little too simplistic - but it is still an excellently crafted film , a powerfully assembled portrait of a very unhappy family .
A fiercely smart drama , its despairing mood sticks with you long after it ends .
It 's a forbidding but commanding film , ostensibly a missing-child procedural that plumes like ink in water into a corrosive critique on the beautiful monster that is Putin 's Russia .
A film that , with chilly precision , dissects the frozen corpse of a hollow society - personal , national and global .
-LSB- Andrey -RSB- Zvyagintsev may have altered his register - where Leviathan was painted with a broad brush , Loveless is a scalpel dissection - but his message remains constant .
The latest from Leviathan director Andrey Zvyagintsev is a fluffy romcom perfect for St Valentine 's Day . Just kidding .
It is magnificent .
This is a shocking , compelling portrait of a heartless world , told with a surgeon 's precision .
The resulting procedural aspect of the film gives it gripping narrative drive , but it 's the pitiless portrait of middle-class life in modern Russia that lingers longest .
Zvyagintsev has said that the movie is a criticism of Putin 's Russia , and of a materialistic society that has cut itself free from caring , but it works as straight drama too .
Loveless is brilliantly accomplished and yet I found its unsparing pessimism hard going .
It is a bleak film , but Zvyagintsev 's artistry means that it is not just compelling , but more involving than you 'd ever think possible , given the two main characters are so unceasingly terrible .
-LSB- Andrey -RSB- Zvyagintsev layers on his themes of the inhumanity of man and the bleak effects of our self-obsessed culture , yet with the lightness of falling snow .
The characters have no life beyond what they symbolise , including Alexey himself , whose absence is the biggest metaphor of them all : he 's the lost innocence of a society deep in the throes of self-absorption .
Though the filmmaking is good , the bleakness of the message is unremitting .
Loveless is n't cheerful viewing at all but it is virtuoso filmmaking from one of the few contemporary directors whose work bears comparison with that of the great auteurs from an older era in arthouse cinema .
As a missing-child procedural , the film is mesmerising . We traverse the steppes of despair , that vast , wintry landscape barren and obdurate .
Expertly executed with a message that will echo in your ears .
Come for the near-endless rows that convincingly carry the venom of a collapsed , resentful marriage ; stay for the extended critique of Russia 's contemporary spiritual vacancy .
For all the deadened souls who throng the tale , the telling could not be more alive .
The forcefulness of this dry and disturbing story is impossible to ignore . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
... Andrei Zvyagintsev is becoming one of the best directors of the moment . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Surgical , sinister , always about to explode ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A great solidity and elegance . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
The premise - the disappearance of the only child of a couple about to divorce - seems to be taken from a novel by Ruth Rendell . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Loveless 's most crucial images are either captured from the ground up , trees spinning against the sky , or left in rooms and cars recently abandoned , attentive to the sudden quiet and pushing through windows for a closer look .
Zvyagintsev and Oleg Negin 's screenplay picks away at -LSB- the characters ' -RSB- self-created illusions until we see the hard , depressing truth .
Russia 's Oscar entry finds cruel child abuse among parents , perhaps a metaphor for the country 's present corruption .
-LSB- Matvey -RSB- Novikov is on screen for only a few minutes and has little dialogue , but that 's all this young actor needs to make a devastating impression .
But there 's enough complex sadness and relatable need in `` Loveless '' to make it more than just a study of awful people .
-LSB- Zvyagintsev -RSB- continues to solidify his place as one of the most important and original voices in world cinema .
An uncompromising view of a disintegrating marriage in a morally bankrupt Russian world , its truthfulness not easy to watch but compelling throughout .
Novikov is on screen for only a few minutes and has little dialogue , but that 's all this young actor needs to make a devastating impression .
Zvyagintsev ... uses a toxic marriage to paint a larger portrait of decay , dereliction and moral detachment .
Family meltdown as allegory for national crisis .
Hovers between personal drama and deep political allegory .
A provocative parable with a sharp bite that tears the flesh .
I do n't remember the last time the title of a movie seemed so suitable for the story presented on screen . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
As in the best tradition of Italian neo-realism ... Loveless picks up our central character from a crowd . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
`` Loveless '' is , in the end , about western civilization turning into a numb , unemotional populace , one in which it is a burden to take care of a child and that your own happiness becomes more important than that of your own baby cub .
Andrey Zvyagintsev 's film suggests that when , and perhaps only when , the child vacates his place in the family , like a ghost , does the child manage to insert himself into the history of the family in an authentic way .
Loveless definitely lives up to its title . This is a cold , calculated , emotionally distant film that has little to no interest of making you like any of its characters .
Loveless is undeniably worth seeing for its performances , but the apparent insight into corruption in Russia feels lacking , with the storyline too cold to get truly invested in .
With the brittle edge of its critique , Loveless ' delicate craft keeps every frame impeccably framed and lit , and the no-holds-barred performances spark at every turn .
For many viewers , what will remain stuck in their minds is not Loveless ' critique of Putinism , but rather its relentless misogyny .
This atmospheric allegory glacially hardens and forms the future of today 's Russia becoming an icy , irresolvable thriller .
A visually mesmerizing film , even as it captures a nightmarish situation .
There 's no one like Zvyagintsev at taking an already tense and heartbreaking situation into formally composed , emotionally brutal , absolutely astonishing territory .
Rarely has a film 's title been so apt and precise .
Loveless is an unsparing portrait of an emotionally , ethically and physically ravaged country .
Partly inspired by Ingmar Bergman 's Scenes from a Marriage , Loveless captures the dying gasps of a toxic relationship in which a couple can no longer stand the sight of each other .
Zvyagintsev narrates sharply the catharsis of such careless and selfish parents . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Zvyagintsev looks at his society with the same critical eye of his previous Leviathan -LRB- 2014 -RRB- , albeit with less political scope . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The Russian filmmaker builds a devastating critique of the active Soviet middle class . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The end is the worst that has delivered this talented director . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
We will not say it 's a masterpiece , but it almost is . A very dark work without a doubt . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Zvagyintsev 's bold confidence in the articulacy of a striking image and subtly suggestive sound is evident from the very opening moments .
A film that puts his country -LRB- Russia -RRB- as the epitome of a moral collapse that leads to a complete destruction of all emotion , not from a start , but from indifference . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Loveless is so solid in its narrative construction and in the architecture of its metaphor that the images and dramatic dynamics of its characters barely breath . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Loveless is a film of remarkable savagery , an astounding depiction of suffering , cruelty and indifference that lingers with the soul .
A successful glacial portrait of human behavior in present-day Russia . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A forceful parable on a depersonalized , commodified Russia and in which the only thing that matters is the uncertainty of the present . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This Russia has the accoutrements of material prosperity ... within the ugly superstructure left by the Soviet state , but no heart , no soul . Zvyagintsev shows us this with great formal clarity , a kind of mortified calm .
One of Loveless ' great strengths is how it cannily withholds clear emotional involvement with its characters-only to set us up for one blindsiding salvo at the end .
Such a haunting experience that it remains absorbing even when it does n't go anywhere .
Loveless gives us a multicourse meal of social ills , too dispersed to feel like a thesis , yet too chilly to feel like a raw , unbridled tantrum .
Zvyagintsev has a way of making even inert nature live on screen that recalls Tarkovsky , but if the imagery early on evokes fairy tales , this one is only grim .
Yet another giant piece of filmmaking from this fascinating director .
This is the downer as an art form , a feelbad film of gargantuan reach and effect , and a brave , horrified commentary on a whole nation .
We have ... rarely encountered a film that so powerfully exercises Philip Larkin 's argument about man handing misery on to man .
Zvyagintsev 's harsh truths , coupled with his uncharitable characterizations , still strike me as too obvious by half . But there are details here worth savoring ...
The film 's title may refer to the protagonists ' marriage and its symbolic connotations , but it 's also a perfect description of Zvyagintsev 's treatment of his subject matter .
The small story at hand offers an opaque but pitiless critique on the director 's native Russia at large .
Zvyagintsev is masterfully compiling a cinematic record of suffering , and the indifference surrounding and facilitating it .
Zvyagintsev once again demonstrates his remarkable gift for creating perfectly formed dramatic microcosms that illustrate the bred-in-the-bone pathologies of Russian society .
Spivak and Rozin play the dysfunctional couple to the hilt , but each in his own way , she much tougher and hard , he softer and more restrained .
Takes an ominous , reverberating look not at the politics of Russia but at the crisis of empathy at the culture 's core .

@highlight

Loveless uses its riveting portrait of a family in crisis to offer thought-provoking commentary on modern life in Russia -- and the world beyond its borders .