I 'm just saying that Dwight Johnson 's performance was solid . Solid as a rock ... -LSB- Auli'i Cravalho -RSB- is perfect as Moana .
It 's good that Disney is branching out beyond the Western European princess model . But the story around those characters ca n't be just a generic amalgamation of native lore with a couple of catchy tunes .
Disney has given us a wonderful Thanksgiving present , to be savored by all . I 'll take seconds -LRB- and maybe thirds -RRB- , please !
I ca n't wait to see Moana again ; I will say Moana is awesome-tacular !
I did n't think it possible , but in terms of looks , Moana finds a comfortable middle ground between traditional animation and 3D CGI animation ... with a story that features Disney 's strongest female hero to date .
Essentially , Moana has something for everyone while successfully toying with the tried-and-true Disney princess formula
One of the Mouse House 's most sumptuous looking films from an animation standpoint .
Moana is the 56th animated film to be released by Walt Disney Animation Studios and it continues the studio 's reign of animated hits as it enters Disney lore .
Moana literally means ` the ocean ' and as the heroine conquers her namesake , she also conquers your heart . You wo n't regret setting sail and voyaging with her .
The animated musical-action-adventure will leave you feeling encouraged and empowered . It 's joyous and flawless - fitting , as our heroine embodies the same qualities .
After a sluggish start , things do improve but there are obvious structural echoes of Frozen and the incidental comedy is clumsy . Good but not great .
Moana will be remembered more for its music than anything else , which is saying something because the movie itself is damn good .
Bursting with color , music , beautiful seagoing vistas , and the mythology and folkways of the Pacific Islands , Moana is guaranteed to cure your winter blahs .
Through beautifully rendered computer animation , Moana tells the upbeat , inspiring story of clever , brave heroine , Moana .
Clearly , Moana 's message is more important now than ever before .
When the credits rolled , I had a smile on my face . Moana is simply enjoyable , up there among some of the best Disney movies thus far , in my opinion - and definitely one of the most progressive .
The film 's qualities go beyond mere positive , escapist fun . Moana 's emphatically non-traditional , non-whitewashed take on Disney 's princess films make it one of the most important movies of 2016 .
Moana flat-out wowed me , from its music , to its story and characters , to its sheer visual spectacle .
Amazing film . Not as good as Lilo and Stitch , but then again nothing is . The Rock needs to do way more musical theater .
Disney 's latest princess-y adventure gets off to a slow start , but the story picks up when Johnson 's rascally demigod comes on board .
By giving us a heroine that acts the way heroes always have , perhaps Disney has finally given us a ` princess ' movie that can cross that mythical gender divide .
There is a lot about Moana that is extremely familiar to those who know the Disney formula , but it is tweaked with enough consistency and humor to make the trip worthwhile .
Where Frozen was a defiantly chilly breath of fresh air , Moana feels somewhat stagnant . Despite a few fantastic deviations -LRB- including the lack of a love interest to hinder our hero 's development -RRB- , Moana is still very much a paint-by-numbers narrative .
Normally when reviewing a movie , you come up with a healthy mix of positive and negative things to say about it . In the case of Disney 's Moana , though , I 'm really struggling to come up with the latter . It 's just that wonderful .
My nearly five-year-old granddaughter found parts of it too scary , but it 's a rousing tale of an ancient island people , their gods and monsters .
`` Moana '' brings us a non-traditional Disney Princess that 's unique , long overdue and feels right at home .
Visually , Moana is a gorgeous film .
The story is an echo of that ever-so-familiar journey in which young heroines become restless with the grind of their routines and wander beyond the borders of their world , usually against the wishes of strict parental figures .
A film with a plot is as simple as effective that recovers the tradition of the studio with the contribution of new technologies . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Disney 's take on the oceanic myths of the Pacific Islands could go on to become an animated classic .
I have a soft spot for the gigantic , arrogant , avaricious crab named Tamatoa .
The Disney princesses are always a curious reflection of the changes on social paradigms . -LSB- Full review in Portuguese . -RSB-
It 's strangely addictive .
Purposefully and persuasively continues the Disney tradition of tough , outspoken , and intrepid heroines without skipping a beat .
Brimming with gorgeous visuals , enchanting tunes and a captivating narrative , Moana chronicles the life-changing story of the eponymous South Pacific Islander .
A song score that 's far weaker than the great animated musicals of the 1990s , this Disney princess film has all the charm one would expect from the Mouse House , without the feeling of urgency .
Who knew the Rock could belt out giddy showstoppers like an old Broadway ham ?
I 'd highly recommend taking the whole family to see Moana this weekend . It 's exactly the kind of Disney movie we should be encouraging .
Moana ticks all the boxes required to make a great modern Disney princess movie and does so without ever feeling like it 's a Disney princess movie .
Although the film lacks a swoony love story , its Freudian implications are n't particularly feminist , as Moana works to elevate the demigod 's ego , diminished by the unreliablility of his damaged magical fishhook ...
As for Moana , she makes for an inspiring centrepiece , the latest in a long line of Disney heroines that is simply unmatched by any other studio .
` Moana ' is an enjoyable island getaway .
It 's a visual marvel and has the reliably nice message one would hope for from the Mouse .
I highly recommend Moana to virtually any audience .
This will naturally prove a summery fave for the small-fry , even if the songs do n't quite hit the heights and the final act feels a little flat .
Apart from those occasional dull patches , it is enjoyable .
Make -LSB- s -RSB- a familiar narrative feel like much more , and an entertaining feature ooze with thoughtful delight .
... one of Disney 's least entertaining efforts in years ...
Perhaps the most encouraging part of Moana 's feminism is its subtlety . It presents female agency as nothing out of the ordinary - it does n't comment on it , there is no patriarchy she 's fighting back against and there 's no love story .
Moana is a toe-tapping , heart-stealing adventure packed with laughs and featuring a kick-ass princess with nary a love interest on the horizon .
A gentle , sun-soaked mythological Disney romp around the volcanic islands of Polynesia .
Moana -LRB- Auli'i Cravalho -RRB- could be the most fully developed royal Disney heroine yet .
Fun and a visually stunning .
It could be a great work similar to Kubo and the two strings , but it lacks true innovation preventing it to transcend . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Moana is Disney at its dreamy , catchy , heart-bursting best .
A film that has a strong message that fits perfectly to our times , and that everybody will enjoy . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
... Moana is visually beautiful and narratively engaging .
We are so spoilt by the amazing achievements of animation we hardly notice when something special comes along , unless we look out for it . Moana makes us look
Moana is a gorgeous offering by Disney that uses the magnificence of our planet to tell a simple but effective girl meets demigod sea-set story .
A film that is far from being a disaster but at this point in the game , one expects something more from the Disney . And this time it did n't manage to meet expectations . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Well , if it ai n't broke , do n't fix it .
Though not without a few flat spots , this intelligently scripted and accessible fare is blessed with spellbinding marine visuals and esoteric earworms aplenty from composer-of-the-moment Lin-Manuel Miranda .
What works best about Moana are its moments of cultural peculiarity .
While Moana is the title character , it 's Dwayne Johnson 's Maui who steals the show - because he can .
Though Moana delivers plucky entertainment and some colorful characters , it plays the narrative too safely by relying on commonplace machinations .
Moana is one of Disney 's best films , and undoubtedly one of the most beautiful and emotional of the year . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film that reformulated the classic mythology of Disney princesses in stories of emancipation and female self-assertion . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The literal and metaphorical journey is predictable but fun , funny and beautiful . It 's got a lovely score and a great tone , ye parents of wee daughters might finally be able to let Frozen go .
Dwayne Johnson does a wonderful job of voicing the conceited Maui , and if the storyline is not entirely satisfying , I could watch those gently undulating animated oceans forever .
It 's no masterpiece , but it 's all extremely pleasant , and in Moana herself , the film boasts Disney 's most interesting and complex protagonist in several years .
In the next election , can I just vote Disney ?
A gloriously exuberant and colourful adventure set in Polynesia which is both pleasingly traditional -LRB- there are songs and a plucky heroine ! -RRB- and wittily modern -LRB- no handsome prince required -RRB- .
There is much to relish in this animated Disney film , but I appreciated it as much for what it lacks as for what it contains .
Directors Ron Clements and John Musker here segue seamlessly into their first CG feature , embracing the malleable magic of digital animation while retaining the clear lines that underpinned their previous work .
It 's a treat , for family audiences and musical theater geeks alike .
Mines proto-Polynesian Oceania culture 's carefully researched legends , myths and traditions to joyfully bring us a feisty new Hollywood teenage rebel princess .
Both brilliant and breathtaking , `` Moana '' is sure to be the next Disney classic . The characters are beautifully established and the actors behind them are pitch perfect .
We never doubt for a second that Moana and Maui will complete their mission , but at least the story and animation have some lovely surprises in store along the way , especially in the spectacular climactic encounter .
This is a very solid Disney feature , that looks good in 3D , featuring excellent voice talents . The songs are O.K. , but not up there with the Disney classics . This is a good , but not great Disney animated feature .
When you have a riveting action sequence that seems straight out of Mad Max : Fury Road as well as a tribute to deceased music legend David Bowie , the stage is set for a Disney film that will be out of the ordinary .
In Disney 's latest refreshing take on the princess genre , Moana is a feisty , sea-voyaging chieftain 's daughter without any pink satin in sight .
Visually stunning but narratively basic , Disney 's Moana is nevertheless a highly enjoyable family movie that does n't suffer too much from adhering to formula .
Moana offers something for every viewer , regardless of age . Adventure , humor , music and , of course , messages about identity , maturity , generational transition or the environment . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Disney 's new animated gem and a reminder that possibly the company is currently going through the best years of its history . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Moana is a terrific Disney movie ; vibrant , joyful , with great music and enthusiastic performances . It is steeped in tradition , both of its many legendary predecessors and the colourful culture it celebrates .
A nautical yarn that leaves lesser children 's fare all at sea .
Truly wonderful stuff . If you do n't enjoy this , I 'd check your pulse as your heart must be missing .
With a captivating heroine , a startling array of gods and monsters , as well as a simply storming set of tunes , this brings together the best of Disney past and present in one knockout entertainment .
Moana offers first-class entertainment in the best Disney style .
It 's a two-character show , and the stars deliver the goods with irresistible charm .
An amiable new animated musical that speaks to the tween-princess-sleepover demographic while tapping into Polynesian myths and making a modest , decently intentioned gesture at diversity .
Moana lacks the zest we associate with Disney 's greatest creations .
This is Disney 's way of having its formulaic cake and eating it , too : `` We know what we 're doing here , and we know that you know it , too . So please stop fretting and enjoy while the pieces fall into place . ''
No matter who wrote the songs , there was always going to be a line about listening to your ` inner voice ' - it 's pretty much Disney company policy .
The narrative is a fairly predictable hero 's journey -- Maui even calls her `` The Chosen One '' -- but the movie is refreshing for its lack of a love interest ; instead Moana learns how to chart her own course .
There could be umpteen charges of kitsch , political incorrectness and mongrelised cultural history . Yet this South Seas hurricane of a film blows us away , scattering our faculties and effects and substituting its own .
Despite Dwayne Johnson 's solid scene-stealing , the wave-taming Moana gets a true hero 's journey in this South Seas stunner .
Ultimately , it 's this blend of character and quest -- infused throughout with an overriding warmth -- that makes Moana impossible to resist .
Although it lacks a little humor , this film has a young Polynesian who 's courageously seeking her place in the world instead of a prince charming , . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The story is familiar , but the impressive animation and music should ensure that even the most jaded of viewers goes home with smiles on their faces .
Do n't be surprised if you 're singing -- badly -- all the way home .
Moana 's animation and soundtrack are masterful , the best that the studio have done in two decades . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
`` Moana '' sails straight and true , effortlessly , and with a great deal of joy and delight . It 's perhaps not as clever or funny as this year 's earlier Disney offering , `` Zootopia , '' but it 's wonderful in its own island way .
What impresses most here is the way the filmmakers combine the traditional Disney elements -- the sentimentality , the slapstick and the iridescent animation -- with a storyline rooted in South Sea island myth and culture .
We can now agree that Johnson is not only the Sexiest Man Alive but also our strongest , lifting Moana on his character 's beefy shoulders , carrying it like other hits before . No movie left behind .
She 's no official princess , but the girl can hold a tiara to Disney 's legacy any day .
Even if it is n't exactly unique , that does n't make the movie any less rapturously entertaining
If you do n't walk out of Moana feeling a little better about the world in general , check your pulse . You might be dead inside .
Maui is n't the only visual delight in Moana , but he 's easily the standout . The lush 3-D depictions of the South Pacific actually make wearing the glasses and shelling out a few extra bucks worthwhile .
Frozen it ai n't . Still , Moana looks fantastic .
Disney 's digitally animated Moana , a Polynesian folk musical starring a plucky princess and a thousand-year-old demi-god , is beautiful to behold .
Moana functions as well as it does because the story team ultimately focused on finding everything about Disney stories that worked in 2016 , and improving everything that did n't .
Moana may not be perfect , but you 'll be humming its tunes and dreaming about its images long after leaving the theater .
Moana 's female-empowerment message may not be as thoroughly worked out as it is in a movie like Whale Rider , but it is an enjoyable family film for the holidays that showcases the work of many actors of Polynesian descent .
An absolute delight , a lush , exuberant quest fable full of big musical numbers and featuring perhaps the most stunning visuals of any Disney film to date .
When it 's cooking , Moana prepares tender , slip-off-the-bone meat on the tried-and-true bones of the Disney formula .
Singular in its imaginative , exotic visuals , which beg to be seen big and in the dark without distraction .
Amazing adventure , colour explosions and catchy songs . This is amazing .
With a gripping story fashioned from indigenous culture and a satisfying blend of the familiar and the knowing , Moana represents yet another triumph in the studio 's impressive recent run .
A touch too familiar to qualify as a modern classic , Moana is a relentlessly entertaining spectacle rooted in authenticity with a talent pool so deep you can swim in it .
A film that while relevant and very modern , abides affectionately by the tropes of the genre at hand , depicting Polynesian culture with an air of enchantment and respect .
Brimming over with spectacle and visual inventiveness .
Moana is n't an instant classic on the level of Frozen , but it does continue Disney 's strong multi-year run , thanks to great characters , gorgeous animation and a pretty strong story arc -LRB- Splice Today -RRB-
Gorgeously animated , heartwarming , exciting , and slyly self-aware .
Better than Finding Dory but not quite reaching the level of Zootopia , the latest Disney animated effort of 2016 adheres pretty much to the formula we 've come to expect in recent years from the storied studio .
Moana is her own heroine , and that 's such a strong show of empowerment for girls of all ages .
There is much to love about `` Moana '' -- the wonderful music , lush animation and , most of all , the stirring story .
Another traditional Disney animated flick packed with wonderful effects and Broadway-worthy music . Perfect for kids , adults and -- best of all -- families .
... a crowd-pleaser that 's worthwhile for more than just boosting holiday toy sales .
In the tradition of `` Brave , '' only significantly more watchable , this titled , strong-willed princess of a Pacific island does n't need no stinkin ' love interest to float her boat .
The computer animation is nothing short of amazing to behold . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Scary Stuff , etc. - also Available -RRB-
A great deal of imagination has clearly been pumped into the movie , ensuring that it 's continually enjoyable to watch .
Story of Pacific Islander girl on a quest benefits from Dwayne Johnson 's comic timing and a Lin-Manuel Miranda soundtrack
The Rock sings . A neglected culture gets its overdue closeup . Animation so lush you want to jump into the screen . Are you not entertained ?
2016 has turned out to be quite a good year for animation , and Moana is a worthy addition to the honor roll .
It 's a thrilling adventure that surges with sensational songs , lovable heroes , and messages that promote responsibility , forgiveness , bravery and resilience .
Does n't fire entirely smoothly - its convoluted plot is a little hard to follow , for instance .
The film achieves what the best Disney animated features do : a sense of place that is refined and specific .
-LSB- Moana -RSB- is beautiful in more ways than I can tell , thanks to the brilliance of more animators than I could count .
Moana is a funny , heartfelt and richly-crafted hero 's journey adventure that effectively puts a Disney spin on Southern Pacific culture
Moana recovers the spirit of Disney 's unforgettable classic films and has a magical aspect thanks to modern technology . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
One of the animation world 's cinematic highlights for 2016 .
As an animated film , Moana is n't close to ranking among Disney 's best . But as a tropical postcard on the big screen , the animation could n't be more spectacular and inviting .
Crowd-pleasing and upbeat , an ideal movie for families to see together over the holiday weekend .
a Disney cartoon does n't need to be innovative to succeed ; it just needs to hit the audience 's heart and funny bone . ` Moana ' does that well enough .
Moana is a movie of natural delights .
It would be going too far to say that Moana combines everything I enjoy about contemporary Disney with everything I dislike , but it 's got quite a bit of both .
The animation is so flawless that the sailing sequences look as though they were filmed on location . The realistic motion of the water , as well as Moana 's and Maui 's long , wavy hair , is especially impressive .
The highly hummable score , by a team that includes Lin-Manuel Miranda , includes a big song for Moana , `` How Far I 'll Go , '' that should finally allow you to let go of Frozen 's `` Let It Go . ''
A wonderful journey through the tales of a locale both inviting and intoxicating .
Moana 's likable , dynamic characters pair well with the bright , blue seas in 3-D .
`` Moana '' might be -LSB- Walt Disney Animation Studio 's -RSB- best since 1994 's `` The Lion King . ''
Lovable characters , memorable music make Disney film great .
There 's not a prince or potential husband in sight ; Moana 's future is entirely defined by her leadership and ability to fend off the mansplaining know-it-all Maui . As messages go , we 'll take it .
This Disney princess has no prince and the film is all the better because of it .
Moana is proof of one of the slightly less-repeated axioms of storytelling : It 's OK to use familiar tropes as long as you use them well .
-LSB- Moana -RSB- has supercharged wit , eye-popping visuals featuring azure seas and glowing coral , spirited voice work from Auli'i Cravalho as Moana and Dwayne Johnson .
Say aloha to `` Moana . ''
Perhaps the freshest pleasure lies in the spectacle of a Disney heroine who , for once , is n't beholden to any outside forces in pursuing her dreams .
Disney adds another best-of-2016 with Moana , the latest ` princess ' film that addresses issues of identity and environment with grace , intelligence , and enthusiasm .
A progressive and rousing tale that becomes the crown jewel of the latest renaissance from the company .
If movies are meant to be a getaway , `` Moana '' is like a vacation .
What the story lacks in boldness ... is compensated in design and animation . Water , hair and gravity all flow naturally . The sunny island environment radiates happiness . And it does feature some clever moments of slapstick comedy .
If I was maybe thinking that the Disney `` princess '' formula needed to be retired , `` Moana '' suggests another direction .
There are no princes hanging around , no boys to really think about , no girly hang-ups or thingamabobs to fritter over , and no romantic subplots to distract from what 's truly important : survival , independence , identity , self-belief .
A winning combination of action , comedy , musical , adventure and drama . The best family film of the holiday season !
Moana is a winning force , confidently standing alongside Ariel , Pocahontas , Mulan , and Anna .
Adults probably wo n't even mind if this becomes one of those high-rotation titles once the DVD/download option arrives . It is , like its title character , smart , quick-witted , inventive and melodious .
Disney should be applauded for adding more diversity to their Princess court . Those good intentions can only mask a few errors and ca n't bandage the clunky script .
Moana will be a big , happy hit , and I 'll forever want to live in its glorious and vibrant environs . But hard as she may paddle , Moana ca n't quite get past the cluttered reef of merch and other branded interests that keeps her film penned in .
While Moana 's story is rooted in the past , she 's a modern heroine , a smart , resourceful leader who learns to find her own way .
`` Moana '' is a welcome step forward in its message and its look , and for young women characters in this type of film . It 's a way without many satisfying twists and turns , but forward nevertheless .
Think of it as Disney 's equivalent to Cars : an entertaining but average film that does n't measure up to its predecessors .
Paying respect and homage to the Polynesian culture and its ancient mythology , the Walt Disney animation Moana is as culturally rich as it is entertaining .
Moana is a princess , but she 's also tough and resilient , a hero worth singing about .
It 's a playful , self-aware delight from beginning to end , a cinematic Broadway musical from John Musker and Ron Clements , who perfected the form in The Little Mermaid , Aladdin and Hercules .
A contemporary musical adventure that defies a few antiquated Disney conventions while exploiting a few others that still work .
A sunny , gorgeous emotionally heartfelt treat for a world desperately in need of a little comfort
Moana is pure vintage Disney . Evoking the fiber of the studio 's classic films , Moana is more than worthy of being included and forming part of the pantheon of official Disney princesses . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Moana is solid `` retro Disney '' - a new film that embraces older ideas , themes , and narrative approaches .
You succumb to an enjoyable experience that splits the difference between mythology and merchandising .
... will fit nicely between your DVDs of Aladdin and The Little Mermaid .
`` Moana '' is a completely enchanting boost of warmth to the heart .
Whether or not Moana is the movie we need right now I ca n't say definitively , but I think it was the movie I needed . And I suspect I wo n't be alone in that feeling .
For holiday family entertainment , it does not get better than a fantastically lush Disney musical .
Disney continues its animation roll with Moana , a seafaring quest that sails past its one rocky patch with visual brilliance and several Broadway-ready songs , the latter conjured in part by Hamilton 's Lin-Manuel Miranda .
Moana is smart , funny , thoughtful and full of heart - everything you 'd hope to find in a chief , or a movie about one .
Moana looks lovely , and it gives us a princess we really have n't seen before . Those elements are surrounded , though , by too much that 's all-too-familiar .
While the main themes of `` Moana '' are identity and self-discovery - familiar territory , to be sure - the film manages to enliven such well-traveled latitudes with a breeze as fresh as the islands .
The film is bright , busy , enjoyable , progressive without being insufferable .
`` Moana '' is a case of inspired visual and musical forms packaging wishy-washy substance . It 's good generic comfort food , never cringeworthy , merely routine .
The film is richer for its attention to heritage , going far beyond surface aesthetics , building the foundation of `` Moana '' on the values and beliefs that make up this culture .
It 's a traditional kind of Disney movie , a crowd pleaser with a few earworms on its soundtrack and an endearing pair of mismatched leads on an impeccably animated adventure .
It 's so transporting it will have your kids begging you to book the next flight to the islands .
This is the best animated film I have seen since `` WALL-E '' -LRB- 2008 -RRB- and one of the best movies of the year .
Moana pays homage to Pacific Islanders by introducing us to a strong female character unlike any we 've seen in mainstream films - a hero who is both smart and sympathetic , strong and compassionate , independent yet belongs to a group .
Moana would have been enormously entertaining regardless of when it came out , but its arrival at this particular moment in history gives it an added sense of significance-as well as inspiration .
a movie that follows the Disney playbook , for sure , but does it so well , even winking at it , that it is transcendentally delightful from start to finish ... the best Disney animation to come down the pike since 2011 's undervalued `` Winnie the Pooh . ''
Compared to your average Disney princesses , Moana is neither selfishly rebellious nor simplistically innocent .
Tweaks the Disney animated template but sticks to its essentials , and does so nicely-it might not be revolutionary , but it 's exuberantly familiar .
A wonderful mythology of demons and demigods . A heroine who embodies the bold spirit of her people . Another sweet , funny , exciting triumph from Disney .
That is Moana in a nutshell -LRB- or at least in a sea conch -RRB- : smart about what it does , and easy on the eye , but at base the very Disney princess movie that it half-heartedly resists being - until , at least , its full heart is restored .
A dependably entertaining , visually dazzling riff on Polynesian folklore from the animators behind `` The Little Mermaid '' and `` Aladdin . ''
A lively adventure driven by an independent heroine and the Broadway-ready songs of `` Hamilton '' creator Lin-Manuel Miranda . Gorgeous animation , too .
Cravalho shows spunk and a generically lovely voice , though she 's saddled with assembly-line anthems Disney has done better elsewhere . Johnson has exuberance , deft timing and a passable singing voice .
Walt Disney Animation Studios , which arguably has n't had a dud since `` Meet the Robinsons '' in 2007 , continues its roll .
-LSB- A -RSB- lovely , reassuring hug of a movie ...
Moana has the power to uplift , inspire , and entertain .
Moana 's great heart and great humor actively subvert the violent , egocentric , macho mind-set that dominates so many popular stories .
-LSB- Moana -RSB- is an excellent character with spirit , doubts , drive and a heck of a voice . She is a perfect addition to the roster of modern Disney heroines and one whom young girls will admire for years to come , princess or not .
Moana is a joy .
Temuera Morrison and Nicole Scherzinger are terrific voicing Moana 's loving parents . Dwayne Johnson shines as Maui . First and foremost , though , is Auli'i Cravalho , winning the day and carrying the movie as the wonderful and quite lovable Moana .
A wonderful tale of the South Pacific , ` Moana ' delivers oceans of family fun .
Enlightened and empowering , introducing a new Disney heroine .
In addition to the music , animation and storyline , Cravalho and Johnson are wonderful together .
If its heroine , despite her spunkiness , is a little milquetoasty , at least she does n't pine for a guy-though how dumb is it that in 2016 we still have to compliment a kids ' movie for that ?
Released two weeks after you-know-what , it comes off as a battle cry , preaching hope when we need it most .
A call to adventure for a new generation .
Amusing characters and the most advanced CG to come down the pike , should make Moana a winner at the box office .
Disney 's winning streak continues with Moana , a warm , friendly adventure destined for blockbuster success .
A wonderful and culturally-inspired fairy tale that captivates and thrills while shining the spotlight on a mythos rarely explored by Hollywood .
For the most part ... the movie feels more heartfelt than calculated , no small feat after decades of princesses , journeys , and `` I want '' songs .
Moana is another great musical from Disney , full of terrific characters and songs .
Actress Auli'i Cravalho , in her first job ever , soars as the voice of Moana
It 's funny , joyful , and sweet , and yet down below , running beneath everything , is a sad counter-narrative about how the world always throws obstacles in your way , and how you could just turn your back and retreat .
Moana beats the drum of female empowerment for so many young girls who deserve it now more than ever .
I 'll be real with you . It made me cry twice . Go see it .
Pure eye candy , but there 's a journey here that holds attention , offering cultural flair , lively characterizations , and a charming way with myth and family . It 's a charmer .
No , these things do n't all blend together well , but if you can follow Moana 's island society 's lead and just roll with it , you 'll enjoy them one by one .
It 's a basic Point-A-to-Point-B adventure film , but with so much life , energy and emotion . It 's perfectly cast , and the animation -- particularly the parts with the ocean in them , which is almost all of it -- is jaw dropping .
Pixar who ?
Moana makes for a great role model for young children , especially girls .
Moana 's indisputable saving grace is how good it looks - really , better than any other Disney movie to date , overflowing with lush , brazen beauty .
The film delivers the strong humor , well executed action , memorable music and lovable characters Disney has perfected in a delightful and lovely manner .
It feels less like a truly Polynesian story than it does a generic Disney story slotted into a new setting .
Moana is the celebration of uniqueness , culture , family and pure joy that we need right now .
Moana is an exceedingly joyful film and every bit the life-affirming catharsis many will be looking for this holiday season , particularly if you have a daughter during these times .
A crowd-pleasing oceanic musical with big tunes and beguiling characters , Moana is likely to thwack a big smile on your face .
So what if she 'd rather be a sailor than a princess ? Moana still rules .
The perfectly pleasurable `` Moana '' boasts vivid animation , a handful of catchy songs and a sweetly sunny disposition -- all suitable compensation for a story which is not particularly inspired or original .
Contemporary Disney at its finest - a vibrantly rendered adventure that combines state-of-the-art CG animation with traditional storytelling and colorful characters , all enlivened by a terrific voice cast .
Its cultural setting is fresh ; its storytelling , less so . It navigates the reefs but it does n't discover a whole new world .
Moana has a lot of the hallmarks of your classic Disney adventure - the goofy animal sidekicks , the feel-good messages - but its heroine is something new , a smart and fiery deviation from your standard European lovestruck princesses .
`` Moana '' keeps with the tradition that made Disney the leader in animated fairy and folk tales , and yet , showing a thoroughly modern touch , it 's the first to do so without so much as suggesting a love interest .
Much to its credit , the screenplay makes Moana an interesting , self-actualized character . She 's not waiting around for a prince , and there 's no question that her gender will stand in the way of inheriting the title of chief .
Disney delivers another potent and primal piece of girl-powered mythmaking ...

@highlight

With a title character as three-dimensional as its lush animation and a story that adds fresh depth to Disney 's time-tested formula , Moana is truly a family-friendly adventure for the ages .