The movie is a lot of fun , as well as a prime example of how to pump new life into an old formula .
... it 's ultimately the underwhelming execution that confirms the movie 's place as an almost total misfire .
-LSB- A -RSB- terrific little pearl of a satiric horror-comedy .
A pure horror film masterpiece , and slasher fans would be best to acknowledge it .
A rather funny `` Scream '' - like cross between a mockumentary and a direct-to-video slasher movie , `` Behind the Mask : The Rise of Leslie Vernon '' is custom-made for horror fans , but it is n't remotely scary and people that are n't already steeped in the lore of t
Other than displaying a textbook awareness of its ancestors , Behind the Mask offers next to nothing
A mini-masterpiece ... one of the best indie films in recent memory .
has it weak parts but also some very strong ones
While kudos and curtseys belong to the filmmakers and the whole cast , the real standout is Nathan Baesel as the title character .
Fun stuff , though the jokes ultimately miss as much as they hit
Behind the Mask is n't a bad movie , but it is a decidedly minor one , a short pumped up to feature length that impales itself on its own hook : After you 've explained all the tricks , it 's impossible to have your act perceived as genuine magic .
Unfortunately , we 've seen this jolly inventory of slasher-flick clichés before , in other parodies dating back to `` Scream . '' And with not much new to contribute , `` Behind the Mask '' starts running out of narrative momentum about two-thirds of the way through .
A deconstructionist horror comedy that owes a debt to Scream and the 1992 Belgian film Man Bites Dog , Mask nevertheless has enough pitch-perfect wit to lay claim to its own patch of postmodern , movie-loving snarkiness .
Lacks the bitter resonance of its obvious predecessor , Belgian filmmaker Remy Belvaux 's 1992 Man Bites Dog .
About two-thirds in , the movie shifts gears disastrously . Made me want to haul someone into the cutting room for revenge .
The wait is over . Endlessly imaginative , rigorously crafted , and extremely frightening , Behind the Mask is as good as horror gets .
The script 's laughs are too widely spaced . Even before the plot takes a third-act turn into the land of kill-by-the-numbers slasher movies , the jokes drip when they should be gushing .
If Scott Glosserman 's witty slasher spoof had celebrities , it would probably be a success like Scream or Scary Movie . As an indie , it 's more apt to be a cult fave . Either way , it 's a must for those who like thrills laced with humor .
There is a lot of cleverness at work here , especially when the movie switches from the Blair Witch-style shaky camera to more accomplished and atmospheric low-budget lensing .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Glosserman ca n't match the wit of Scream , the fright of The Blair Witch Project or the satire of journalism seen in Series 7 .
The dialogue has wit , and the rug gets pulled out from under us and the characters in several short , sharp jolts . At a certain point , Behind the Mask loses the tatty digital-video and immerses us in cinema .
Behind the Mask is original and weirdly delicious , and executed with gory aplomb .
The movie has more cleverness than violence , and its breakdown of cliches is vivid and witty . Baesel is an extraordinary presence , holding the film together with his mesmerizing performance , charm and openness , and Goethals measures up to him .
For all of its lame distastefulness , Behind the Mask : The Rise of Leslie Vernon is a sadly appropriate reflection of its time .
At its best , Behind the Mask offers some , um , cutting insights about mass-media blood lust and the cult of the serial killer .
Desperately overcompensating for the fact that most horror films are already parodies of themselves , Behind the Mask takes a bite out of the dumb Scream franchise before devouring its own tail , proving that you are what you eat .
As a pop-culture parlor game for fans ... Behind the Mask scores . Otherwise , it 's a shaggy dog story , enlivened by Baesel and Wilson 's terrific performances .
Working in a mini-genre whose bones would appear to have been picked clean by the likes of Kevin Williamson and Wes Craven , Glosserman and Stieve find a few pints of fresh blood .
One thing that I would never think of describing a slasher film as is `` cute . '' Yet that is exactly what describes this one .
This is the best horror movie to come by in years .
... a sort of Scream meets The Blair Witch Project ... a romp through the good ol' days before horror films became Japanese remakes or rated PG-13 ...
Both funny and creepy , just like the best entries in the genre it spoofs .
We realize that Leslie may be a fun-loving guy , but his idea of fun leads to dismemberment . A question becomes thrust upon the reporters as well as the audience . Could you just stand there and watch ?
An ingenious modern take on the slasher genre . Big fun that mixes well its comic aspirations with gritty , down-and-dirty suspense .
The film starts off treading goofy ground , but somewhere along the way , Glosserman slaps us across the skull and confidently turns the switch to gruesome .
The filmmakers have quite a few clever tricks up their sleeves , bringing us a smart , refreshing an affectionate skewering of a celebrated genre .
If you 've grown up on the unending exploits of the 80s cinematic stalkers , you 'll find a lot to enjoy here .



@highlight

A smart mockumentary that presents a gory , funny , and obviously affectionate skewering of the slasher genre .