While you may stick around for the stories , the film 's true draw is the music .
Take Me to the River is a good-spirited but patchy documentary , less about dropping beats and more about dropping names .
Even if the filmmaking loses focus at times , the personalities on-screen are consistently engaging , and the experimental collaborations yield some toe-tapping tracks .
Flawed as it is , `` River '' reminds us where all the great music came from .
Three of the guitar marvels shown here - Hubert Sumlin , Teenie Hodges and Skip Pitts - have died since filming . This is a marginal but worthwhile footnote to their legacy .
While those sessions result in full songs , some of the most memorable , iconic tunes in music history , this film never coalesces into something greater than a collection of mildly interesting pieces .
The premise for this documentary could n't be more stilted , and some of the matchups are enough to make you wince . But there are a few striking intergenerational moments .
A moving tribute to a grand piece of Americana .
It feels like a mishmash effort overall , more a home movie than a theatrical release . That 's fine . If you approach it on those terms , you ca n't help but feel the love , too .
While the work is joyous and respectful , the movie is poorly directed , frequently decimating pure musicianship to spotlight banal conversations that add little to the overall flow of the feature .
A must for music lovers .
With better direction and execution , and a more substantial budget and judicious editing , it could have been so much more .
There 's some talk about the collaboration 's significance , and there 's some racially charged history to relate , but the real point is to hear these oldsters one last time , to remember and maybe even discover what they gave us .
An overdue homage to a city that for close to a decade was home to the second largest black business in America .
`` Take Me to the River '' includes just enough history of the civil rights era to lend it gravitas . The color-blind recording practices of studios like Stax were an anomaly at the time and are well worth noting .
There 's magic in the music and the men and women who make it . Maybe they put Mavis Staples at the end because nobody could follow her .
Not so much a traditional documentary as a musical celebration of Memphis ' status as what host Terrence Howard calls one of the ` special places on this Earth ' ...
`` Take Me to the River '' is at its most interesting when zeroing in on the back-and-forth between musicians of different eras ...
An often vibrant documentary about the making of an album of the same title , seeking to connect generations .
`` Take Me to the River '' falls woefully short on offering a serious contribution to the history of African American-inspired music .
Pleasant enough , but there have been far better music docs on this subject and in this `` Let 's make a new record with some legends '' format .
You ca n't help but feel all the palpable joy is eliding some darker realities that would lend the copious musical performances a deeper resonance .
The cross-generational collaborations begin to click when musicians who found fame in the 1950s , '60s , and '70s recall the importance of mentors on their careers and demonstrate an eagerness to pass on their accumulated wisdom .
This indulgent , star-studded documentary about Memphis music is more over-enthusiastic jam session than film .

@highlight

Scattered and uneven , Take Me to the River never adds up to much in terms of narrative documentary , but the music it honors is more than powerful enough to compensate .