For a documentary ostensibly about the history of the hardcore punk music movement that reigned in America during the '80s , director Paul Rachman and writer Steven Blush indefensibly omit the genre 's most talented and high-profile band -LRB- The Dead Kennedys -RRB-
Struggles under the weight of its own ambition .
The hit-and-run effect sometimes suggests a documentary equivalent to slam dancing , but without the bruises .
Rachman 's chronicle suffers not from a shortage of authentic footage of ready-made hardcore shows , complete with -LRB- completely necessary -RRB- subtitled lyrics , or doughy , balding , talking heads still bragging about the thrown punches and peed-on chicks of yeste
A film for the fans , especially if you were one of those sonic youths venting steam at a guerrilla show in someone 's basement , a VFW hall or club that condescended to present a hardcore show . For once-upon-a-time kids now irrevocably middle-aged , the kick
AmericanHardcore ! Aboutboredstupidyouth ! Did n'tliketheNewWave ! Gomoshin ` fortruth ! Ca n'tfindtruth ! Ca n'tfindgrace ! SettleforHenryRollins ! Punchin ` dudesintheface !
While this documentary features rare performance footage of hard-core punk-rock bands Black Flag and Bad Brains , it 's not exactly the best-assembled or deepest cinematic exploration of the subject .
... an enjoyable if incomplete nostalgia trip .
Rachman 's concert footage confirms that the music was unique : bruising , chaotic and blisteringly electric .
`` American Hardcore '' harkens back to the time when punk rockers were actual punks , not whining , prefabricated MTV pretty boys .
The movie preaches to the choir , and bores everyone else .
Crammed with grainy , shot-on-the-fly mid-Eighties video footage , recent interviews , and a genuine love for its subject , American Hardcore encapsulates a largely forgotten moment in maximum rock & roll history .
It 's a great subject for a documentary , and director Paul Rachman does a good job of rounding up period footage and contemporary interviews . But for all its noise , his film is weirdly flabby .
American Hardcore , Paul Rachman 's impressively thorough documentary , tells of the second-generation punk rockers who learned from the Sex Pistols and Ramones and then did their DIY thing .
If band names like Circle Jerks , D.O.A. , Dead Kennedys and Minor Threat resonate with you , then this documentary celebrating their short-lived , pummeling breed of thrash-and-burn rock music will surely get your blood boiling all over again .
American Hardcore gets what most music lovers could not at the time : Sometimes , that noise in your head and that anger in your heart just has to get out , and there 's always a guitar around somewhere .
For the record , Rachman 's punk-rockology has its cracks . While he worships at the altar of Henry Rollins and Black Flag , he excludes such key West Coast bands as X and the Dead Kennedys .
Instead of an insightful look at disaffected youths finding an outlet for angry energy in rock rages , American Hardcore is a slanted history lesson coming solely from its subjects .
What 's irritating about the movie is how much time it spends on empty nostalgia -- should n't real punks scorn reminiscing ? -- and how little time it spends truly exploring the roots of America 's punk prime in the early 1980s .
Hardcore could have done with a little more self-criticism instead of self-congratulation , a little more outside commentary as opposed to inner-circle ramblings .
Leaves little doubt that this truly was one of the wildest eras in rock .
You can come away feeling bruised and half-deaf .
An energetic and grandly entertaining tribute to a short-lived period of early - '80s punk rock .
Clips of dozens of bands , including DOA , TSOL and SS Decontrol , are as short and fast as the music itself in this informative look at one of the youth culture 's last grass-roots movements .
The movie is hazy about dates and names but bracing in its depiction of young people who made music because they loved it , not because they thought it would make them rich or famous .
A valuable chronicle of a brief and snarling musical movement .
Exhaustive and at turns exhausting , American Hardcore explores 1980s punk subculture with the frenetic energy of mile-a-minute mosh-pit music , sealed with a fist .
A better doc about punk music would contextualize the genre in the industry and interview kids who cried ` No ! ' when their parents told them to turn down that racket .
If you 're expecting a documentary about punk rock % u2014 like I was % u2013 think again . Paul Rachman 's `` American Hardcore '' has nothing to do with the original '70s movement of the Sex Pistols , Sham 69 , Ramones and the Clash .
A reverential but knowledgeable documentary about an aggressive offshoot of punk that flourished on the Left Coast from 1980-86 , with outposts in such far-flung locales as Washington , D.C. , New York , Boston , Detroit , Chicago and Austin , Tex. .
There 's a lot of interesting material here , but Rachman does n't offer any real analysis of his own , and the film suffers from a lack of narrative focus .
A brilliant grassroots take on the humble beginnings and eventual demise of a musical movement that ultimately had far more impact than it would have ever imagined .
The film 's a pretty good scrapbook ... and it evinces a healthy cranky-old-man disgust with the mega-platinum punk acts of today .
If you 're going to make a movie about hardcore punk , make a movie about hardcore punk ... -LSB- This -RSB- looks more like the same old PBS documentary .
Though American Hardcore does n't achieve a cogent and authoritative history , it succeeds in giving the general impression of the early - '80s hardcore punk scene .
... starts promisingly but quickly settles into a repetitive pattern of talking heads repeating the same mantra , interspersed with brief clips of barely visible old film footage .
This is the 80 's like you have never seen them , brilliantly brought back to life in this fascinating new film .
Only if you LOVE hardcore punk is the movie worth a damn
Almost anyone who 's had enough of the purposeless , processed pop that passes for entertainment today will nod their heads in emphatic agreement with what the film says -- when you 're not covering your ears , anyway .
American Hardcore is a raucous , relevant documentary , capturing the mood of the times and the participants ' best anecdotes .
The documentary is an enlightening journey to a dark corner of contemporary punk 's dank little basement .
American Hardcore is illuminating nostalgia , stuffed with all the right tattooed talking heads -LRB- like Black Flag 's Henry Rollins -RRB- , plus grim-looking concert footage of wailing skinny guys .
If it all goes by too fast , and leaves you with a headache when it 's done -- well , was n't that the point all along ?
The film features virtually no commentary from anyone who was n't part of the original scene and who might put hardcore into a larger cultural context , and ends up an intermittently interesting laundry list of same-sounding bands .
It 's an expansive look at a genre and a tribe of musicians that found their collective voice . And there 's one thing you could always say about hardcore -- it was never boring .
Inspired by a book by Steven Blush , Rachman deftly sketches the hardcore scene in a dozen cities and chronicles the growing violence that signaled its demise .
The resourceful film will stir up a mosh pit of appreciation among aficionados while providing an intriguing , if not always compelling , overview for those less acquainted with the music .
Punk rock was never about sonic perfection : It was -LRB- and is -RRB- about emotional intensity , and American Hardcore has that in van loads , and delivers with onetwothreefour ! power .
For music that is loud , fast , angry , and in-your-face , the film 's low-key tone and pace is more suitable for a PBS fund-raising drive .
tells you everything you need to know about how vital this music was
Punk is dead , and the movie is ultimately just a hell of an autopsy .
Based on the 2001 book by Steven Blush , Paul Rachman 's raw and riveting documentary traces the rise of of hardcore punk through Los Angeles , Boston , D.C. and the Big Apple .
This documentary chronicle of the hardcore punk movement in the first half of the 1980s imagines an underground culture that was more than a new generations style of hormonal eruption .
Paul Rachman 's cultural-history doc American Hardcore unearths an astonishing trove of material from the all-but-forgotten American punk scene of the early '80s .
Filmmaker Paul Rachman and writer Steven Blush make an impressive case for a grass-roots movement of mostly white , working-to-middle-class misfits who thought rock-and-roll needed to be rude , abrasive and somewhat scary at the dawn of the Reagan era .
Rachman 's montage is a frenzied , propulsive pull from here and there -- including not just an astonishing array of milky VHS concert footage -LRB- Black Flag in 1981 ! -RRB- , but both Ronald Reagan inaugurations , the second of which seems to foretell the end .
A routine nonfiction trip back in time but a fiercely rough-around-the-edges one .
-LSB- This -RSB- sharp survey brings an insular , now largely forgotten scene back to vivid life .
Every element of the movie , from the archival footage to the interviews , carries a raw , unpolished aesthetic that echoes the subject matter .



@highlight

American Hardcore is an informative and highly entertaining look at the heyday of punk in the early 1980s .