Based on a true story . Unlike Inglourious Basterds .
Valkyrie is another entry into Cruise 's canon of quality films and performances .
Valkyrie is n't a classic war movie by any means , but is it the total laughing stock many feared ? Nein .
Valkyrie , as field-commanded by director Bryan Singer , succeeds on its own terms as a handsome hybrid of conspiracy thriller and history lesson , of Mission : Impossible and The Day of the Jackal .
If there 's one thing Cruise knows how to portray , it 's robotic single-mindedness .
Counterbalancing the energy vacuum that is Cruise is the good news that this is also a Bryan Singer movie .
As both a World War II film and a conspiracy story Valkyrie largely succeeds . No one part may stand above its fellows -LRB- not to mention other films -RRB- but what it adds up to is more than worthwhile and you may find yourself pleasantly surprised .
Cruise , Singer , lose the credibility battle .
El Caso de Valquiria como cinta es muy interesante pues a pesar de que todos sabemos el desenlace , la realización logra mantenernos pegados a la butaca pidiendo de forma imposible que el complot funcione y dejándonos al final con un montón de `` Y si % u2026 ''
the action is traded for suspense in the movie , which is when things really click
Singer can only touch on the surface of each development . It would help if we could see the failure reflected in von Stauffenberg 's one good eye , but Cruise , alas , can offer little help . He 's just Tom Cruise in an eyepatch .
Maintaining tension in the face of a foregone conclusion is no mean trick , but Mr. Singer and company do as well as anyone could hope .
It 's never a pretty sight when a limited performer tries to `` stretch '' by way of cosmetics
-LSB- Cruise -RSB- looks about as German as Jackie Chan would in a lederhosen .
It 's the perfect film for our age of reassessment and ambiguity .
Earnest and understated movie about the General 's plot against Hitler . Despite Cruise 's reputation for derring-do characters , this is a very human German colonel that he plays .
-LSB- A -RSB- pleasing throwback to 1970s war-intrigue pictures . -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB-
... finally ca n't help but come off as something of a minor disappointment ...
The movie proceeds to show how everything , little by little , falls out of place -- not the most thrilling of events to cover , but interesting all the same .
-LSB- Cruise -RSB- brings a gung-ho excitement and energy that 's generally missing from war movies today -LRB- they 're more concerned with being stern and glum and anti-war -RRB- .
An interminable costume drama strictly for Tom Cruise fans and for World War II buffs .
The movie looks good and seems to hit all the right notes , yet never quite connects or resonates like it should .
A thrilling political war movie that sees Tom Cruise and a stellar British cast of high-ranking German officers plot to assassinate Hitler and end the war before the Germany they love is destroyed .
A well-wrought thriller about one group 's attempts to assassinate Adolf Hitler .
Este `` revisionismo '' histórico pode ser bastante prejudicial e mesmo perigoso ao se tornar um primeiro passo para algo muito mais grave e que deve ser combatido com todas as forças : a negação do Holocausto .
The tension that builds throughout Valkyrie is palpable and the plot is incredibly compelling .
A historically respectful , morally careful film .
With a more intelligent and taut screenplay , Valkyrie could have been much more riveting rather than merely be sporadically thrilling , mostly bland and , ultimately , underwhelming .
When he is at the top of his game , as he is here , Cruise 's charisma is blinding .
The subject demands to be made as a documentary or in a form more imaginative than a linear narrative .
Valkyrie is n't a great war movie , but within its own limited ambitions , it is enjoyable and never dull .
Although the casting of Cruise takes some getting used to , the film makes ample use of a strong supporting cast and a tightly knit story to maintain suspense .
A film more concerned with ` how ' than ` why ' or ` who ' , Valkyrie would have benefited from more scrutiny and complexity . Still , once the bomb goes off , the thrills come in spades .
As old-fashioned historical escapism goes , this is solid , compelling stuff .
Valkyrie 's technique is admirable but it misses the mark emotionally .
Singer makes a noble and romantic fist of this terrific story but it feels spookily like a well-oiled Hollywood entertainment rather than a sensational chapter of history .
Director Bryan Singer has put together a fairly workable , old-fashioned second world war movie .
This is no The Day of the Jackal . It 's functional . Respectful rather than inspired . It wo n't damage Cruise 's reputation , but it wo n't enhance it in any degree either .
Valkyrie may not be awards bait but it is a solid , at times gripping , thriller that wrings every ounce of drama out of what is , at heart , a pulsating tale of the courage and idealism of some undone by the cowardice and politics of others .
Expect thrills , not a revolution .
Valkyrie is no action extravaganza . Yet despite having a rich seam of moral ambiguity to mine , the characterisation is no deeper than in Singer 's X-Men .
There 's a whiff of pointlessness hanging over this whole affair . The fact that Valkyrie is not the thriller the trailer promises is treason against the talent .
Valkyrie it 's a good film with more than enough there to keep your attention and for you to have come away feeling satisfied and informed .
I was never bored , and the period detail is lovingly observed ; but there is a sense of an opportunity missed .
It is no classic but it is stylish , absorbing and wonderfully put together .
The film survives some dodgy dialogue because of a strong supporting cast .
Valkyrie seems more like history by Nintendo : a slickly devised exercise in action drama whose entire research and development budget went into the external details of the plot , leaving none for the inner realism of its participants .
Singer marshals his camera and soundtrack well as his tense , behind-the-scenes chess game plays out ...
It feels no more authentic than Stauffenberg 's glass eyeball .
In the end , despite him playing someone with a missing eye , it 's a vanity project for Cruise - a heavyweight historical drama to put him back on the map , but one that only sees him more lost .
Everyone does a jolly good job , including X-Men director Bryan Singer , as the conspiracy plot offers adequate tension and bores sturdily onwards .
The end result , however , is a skewed picture that manages to promote Hollywood-style derring-do and make fascism look more stylish and profound than it has done in years .
Bryan Singer 's long-in-production war thriller is well acted and occasionally thrilling , but it ultimately suffers from Apollo 13 Syndrome and a few directorial flourishes are n't enough to lift it into greatness .
Another astonishing true story gets the Hollywood treatment and ends up being rather flattened in the process
A slick , starry thriller that entertains for the full two-hour running time without threatening to do much more than that .
Cruise is , well , Cruise with an eye patch . Like the film , he is n't great but not bad either .
It does feel more like a throwback to a time when studio films were n't ruthlessly divvied up as prestige pictures or blockbusters .
X-Men fans may disagree , but this is Singer 's best work since The Usual Suspects .
It 's a testament to Christopher McQuarrie 's cogent , keenly observed script and Singer 's tightly controlled direction that the film remains so utterly compelling .
A well-paced thriller that sheds light on a little-known piece of World War II history .
Kevin Irwin - Cruise is stomachable and the production is grandly ambitious , but it 's the gripping true story that triumphs as the real star .
It highlights a little-known historical event and gives the German Resistance the respect it deserves .
`` Valkyrie '' is an anachronistic movie that wants to be less than it should be .
Handsomely mounted but undistinguished ...
I 'm baffled by the casting of a bunch of British actors to play German characters % u2026 it 's not just a matter of an accent ; actors bring their cultural personas with them % u2013 and that 's where the trouble lies ; they do n't fit here
On all counts , this is an extraordinary story and the film , although it begins too earnestly and filled with its own importance , develops into a mostly riveting one , especially in its final hour .
All the Fuhrer 's men ! What it lacks in native accents and bombast this Hitler-assassination thriller makes up for in suspense-inducing precision and a compelling ensemble led by Tom Cruise .
Claus 's Eleven
Ultimately it is redeemed by its palpably clammy sense of foreboding , plus its offering of a valuable history lesson .
Tom Cruise 's ego-driven `` Look at me ; are n't I heroic ? '' performance detracts , but it 's just too compelling and the other performances too pitch-perfect for this to ruin things .
Much of Valkyrie works , but not quite enough .
Put away the knives aimed at Cruise and just enjoy the solid work he keeps putting out .
As the film eschews self-importance , it engages more directly and universally , if only in a rudimentary fashion that fails in terms of overall staying power .
Surely there is some middle ground between a history lesson and mindless action-adventure . The people who made Valkyrie not only did n't find that ground ; they were n't even looking for it .
For better or worse , Valkyrie brings to mind that classic line from The Producers ' `` Springtime for Hitler '' musical number : `` Do n't be stupid ; be a smarty . Come and join the Nazi party ! ''
This is chew-your-fingernails country . Anyone who misses it simply because it stars a couch-jumping Scientologist is missing a great film .
Singer and his collaborators have decided to present what ought to be an exciting story with frankly comic solemnity .
No sincere recounting of the events of July 20 , 1944 could be dull , but director Bryan Singer comes dangerously close to succeeding .
There is an urgent you-are-there magnetism , each fateful mistake and misstep foreshadowing the group 's ultimate demise only adding to the slowly building excitement .
The top priority of Bryan Singer 's film is not to be a history lesson or character study but to simply be an absorbing adult suspense film .
Valkyrie works as a full-dress military drama , fleshing out a historical footnote in vivid detail .
As a high-gloss , high-powered , high tech -LRB- WW2 era -RRB- thriller , with real-life overtones , it 's often hell on wheels .
Overall , I really liked this film , and I hope that people check it out in the admittedly crowded holiday season .
An awkward mix of plodding history and general adequacy , with occasional flourishes of visual panache that seem to be from some other , more stylish movie .
Knowing the ending robs the film of some of the suspense , but Cruise and company have made a better movie than expected
Talk about an impossible mission : Tom Cruise plays a German WWII Colonel with plans to assassinate Hitler in this distractingly anachronistic fact-based tale from Bryan Singer .
It is a well-made film that raises timeless questions about the demands of military duty when they are placed in conflict with higher principles .
Sure , it 's complicated to set up the assassination of a lunatic dictator , but does it have to be so boring ?
The actors do n't interact so much as issue pronouncements , and there 's not a hint of levity to distract from the gravity of the situation .
What the film really has going for it is a good supporting cast . Actors playing von Stauffenberg 's fellow conspirators include Bill Nighy , Kenneth Branagh and Terence Stamp .
What if this lesser-known chapter of German resistance had been more deeply captured ? What if the moral conflicts running through this movie about love of country and revolt said more about Germany , war and , yes , genocide ?
Singer keeps the conspiracy racing to its fated conclusion .
As a suspense movie , this works pretty well .
It 's slickly executed , handsomely acted for the most part and utterly easy to forget .
Valkyrie lacks the coherence to make the unfolding of a hideous foregone conclusion -LRB- of course , we know the Hitler-killing will be foiled -RRB- lucid or magnetic .
Following Hitchcock 's ` bomb under the desk ' dictum to the bitter end just does n't work out to anyone 's satisfaction here .
Gets off to a slow start , but it 's almost like Valkyrie had a Red Bull mid way through as everything is kicked up a notch
Will likely not go down as one of Cruise 's most rewarding moneymakers , though it may become one of his more memorable contributions to the archives .
Valkyrie has all the dramatic oomph of a History Channel re-enactment .
Valkyrie is made with impeccable professionalism and , flying in the face of years of Internet hysteria , is a perfectly acceptable motion picture . The only thing that keeps it from even greater accomplishments may be inherent in the story itself .
The screenplay by Christopher McQuarrie and Nathan Alexander introduces a seemingly endless series of characters , but there 's no time to flesh any of them out enough to make you worry about their fate .
The stilted and diffuse result is as dramatically compelling as a planning commission meeting .
Valkyrie does n't whip you up like that Jewish vigilante avenger picture Defiance , but in this season of throat-grabbing Holocaust movies , its gentlemanliness is most welcome .
Valkyrie transforms World War II into a boy 's adventure .
There are some powerful moments and -LSB- it 's -RSB- an interesting true story .
Everybody is I think is good in the film , except Tom Cruise .
The problem is not that we know the outcome . The problem is the buildup .
Despite its potential to be a turkey for the ages , Singer 's blandly proficient historical thriller is fatally forgettable .
Valkyrie is a highly intelligent and deeply engrossing historical drama and , frame for frame , the year 's most suspenseful nail-biter .
You just ca n't quite enter the world of this film , not in the way that you might have if a more nuanced and less iconic actor had played the central role .
Mr. Cruise 's performance turns out to be brisk and reasonably plausible , though unexceptional , while the production as a whole succeeds as an elaborate procedural , impressively staged in historical locations .
Valkyrie is a brutally efficient bit of storytelling , and it makes no unforced errors .
Think of Valkyrie as a reasonably entertaining drama about the time Tom Cruise tried to kill Hitler . Do that , and it becomes possible to enjoy the movie .
A taut , suspenseful WWII thriller . Bryan Singer 's exhaustive research pays off by lending this film a stylistic ` period ' feel .
Meticulous reconstruction of a real-life plot to assassinate Adolf Hitler in the last months of World War II , minus tension or pacing .
What you miss in both Defiance and Valkyrie is inner conflict . Their protagonists have not an instant of self-doubt . They 're figures in historical pageants , not characters in a drama .
Tom Cruise delivers .
Stripped of the over the top special effects that have driven Cruise 's most successful vehicles Valkyrie does n't offer much in its place .
Gets off to a slow start , but once it gets going , it 's one of the more fascinating thrillers in recent memory , even though everyone who paid attention in history class will know exactly how it turns out .
A bit shallow but undeniably thrilling .
Sometimes , conspiracies are more than just theories .
Actually quite good . This is a nice tense political thriller that sticks fairly closely to history .
The films in this vein that work are the ones who can make you care , even though you know the struggle is futile .
The film like the conceived plot to kill Hitler is commendable for its premise , but is also not well-executed .
Valkyrie is n't Ishtar or Heaven 's Gate 2.0 , but it 's also not the vehicle to springboard Tom Cruise back to the top .
Valkyrie is an important film for purposes of partial exoneration of the German nation vis-à-vis the Third Reich ; nevertheless , it 's a bit of a snore .
The performances truly stand out , led by Tom Cruise and several members of the supporting cast .
Cruise , who already delivered a great performance this summer in `` Tropic Thunder , '' is at the top of his game here
Director Bryan Singer approaches this sensitive material as a strict procedural . It 's almost as if we are joining part two of a miniseries already in progress .
Feels like a perfectly enjoyable mid - '50s war movie that 's been re-made with only the finest in modern cinematic technology .
Other than an unconvincing Tom Cruise , this is interesting and well done , especially if you are among the apparent multitudes who do n't know anything about this event .
It 'll probably be wicked suspenseful for anybody who did n't pay attention in history class .
Your first reaction is correct . Why in the heck would you make this movie ? ... There are no surprises , a happy ending is impossible and Tom Cruise has become passé .
The movie ... fails by the standards of $ 100 million Hollywood star action vehicles , and by the standards of World War II Oscar-bait epics . But by the standards of anticipated career-crushing trainwrecks , it 's pretty good .
Decent enough action-thriller even with poor Tom 's baggage .
To Singer 's credit , the film is remarkably suspenseful , even though we know pretty much how it will end .
It 's ironic that a film about an attempt that had some pretty serious flaws feels like its creators made a few mistakes of their own .
Do n't believe the negative hype . Valkyrie is a stupendous film , and represents two of the most exciting hours I spent in a theater this year .
Bryan Singer makes this movie possible , filled with great suspense and amazing actors . This film is on my short list as one of the year 's best .
Valkyrie 's brawny and big and bold , but it 's also stronger , slicker and smarter than you 'd think .
Valkyrie 's suspense is n't of the rousing , creep-to-the-edge-of-your-seat variety . The film is cold , metallic ; the tension it creates is more akin to dread .
`` Valkyrie '' is nowhere near the outright bomb that many assumed that it would be . That said , it should be noted that the film is also nowhere near the gripping cinematic experience that it should have been given the subject matter .
The movie is shallow and clinical . It rarely lets us inside its protagonists . We know that they despise Hitler , period , and that they consider themselves patriots . ...
With a movie that had so much potential , Singer delivers high intensity and action but lacks emotional connection to the characters !
Thanks mostly to fine work by its great cast , Valkyrie is not a loss and has some riveting moments , but it 's not the scintillating wartime thriller it could have been .
It 's difficult to immerse yourself in this glossily mechanical recreation of the 1944 plot by German officers to assassinate Adolph Hitler .
Achieves the authenticity of something that the History Channel would be proud of .
a riveting military drama , a popcorn thriller masquerading as a political potboile
Valkyrie offers something to filmgoers weary of excessive pretense , but not quite desperate enough to watch Jim Carrey flop around on the ground .
Bryan Singer has managed a new , unexpected feat % u2014 he 's learned to make boring movies .
Thriller and action elements are low-scale and unsuccessful . Valkyrie is little more than a sketchy and narrow history lesson with less impact than it should have .
The film is a minor Christmas miracle : It succeeds on its own terms , despite the gossip hounds ' best blood-sniffing efforts , and dares to be an entertainment rather than a statement .
Valkyrie is a World War II thriller without enough thrills .
Like the coup whose story it tells , Valkyrie is a near miss , failing to sweep us along for what should have been a dramatic ride .
Cruise 's character , Claus von Stauffenberg , is off-putting and not just because he 's a German with a pronounced American accent .
For a thriller with a thoroughly foreordained outcome , Valkyrie does a pretty good job at making the viewer 's palms sweat .
Bryan Singer has capably crafted this war thriller in such a way that one occasionally forgets the foregone conclusion and becomes wrapped up in the excitement of the moment .
The film is n't half bad . It 's certainly not the unwitting laugh riot that many -LRB- me included -RRB- expected .
On one hand , it 's kind of silly , on the other , these are very fine actors , and give this super-slick thriller some of the facets and angles that help make a cool object at which to gaze .
Singer has a masterful touch with composition , creating tension simply by the way he places his actors around a room . And even though we know how it turned out , the assassination plot remains a gripping tale .
That last part makes for quite a good , crackling suspense thriller , meticulously researched in all details by the perfectionist Singer .
It may be the same old partners but it 's a better dance -- here , at least , history leads and Hollywood follows .
It 's a crafty action flick with a pristine cast that works , ever so briefly , as a wish-fulfillment fantasy .
With just the slightest tilt toward black comedy , Valkyrie could have been the Dilbert of Nazi movies .
... like Cruise 's performance , an overall restraint keeps the heroic story behind `` Valkyrie '' from soaring as high as it should .
Director Bryan Singer keeps the pace fast , and although we know the ultimate outcome , it 's easy to get caught up in the excitement of what-if thinking .
Judging by Mark Twain 's comment about the music of Richard Wagner -LRB- better than it sounds -RRB- , if Twain were around to see Valkyrie he 'd likely say it 's better than it seems .
If you do n't mind the fluctuation in focus , if the tripwire midsection can get your through the labored last act , Valkyrie will be a solid success .
Singer does a superb job at creating suspense in a story where everyone in the audience already knows the outcome .
It rarely rises to the level of entertainment you expect from a wartime thriller -- there 's something rote and foregone about the whole affair .
Valkyrie feels like another installment in the never-ending franchise -- not just the action-movie one , but the Tom Cruise one . Like the operation itself , it 's a good idea -- just not well-executed .
A thoroughly respectable historical re-enactment , though lacking the epic scope and dramatic urgency that would make it a truly memorable one .
When it hooks into the filmgoer , the mix of classic thriller tones and Singer 's invigorating compositional rhythms brings Valkyrie to an impressive boil .
Valkyrie is like having to watch someone build a bomb and then never getting to see it explode .
Based on a true story , Valkyrie aims to be a thriller , not an issues movie , and it succeeds .
What 's next , Clint Eastwood as Gandhi ?
Valkyrie is a taut suspense flick for grown-ups that asks : What if ruthless German efficiency had been used against Hitler ?
Not only is Singer 's filmmaking aesthetically frustrating -LRB- lacking coherent visual rhythm -RRB- but his juvenile regard of the July 20 , 1944 , plot to kill Hitler -- one of 15 documented attempts -- is intellectually insulting .
There 's the absurdity of Cruise intoning to Adolph in his broad American accent , `` My Führer , if I may ... '' while the rest of the Germans are sounding as if they 're auditioning for Henry Higgins in a touring company of My Fair Lady .
A meticulous thriller based on a large-scale conspiracy within the German army to assassinate Hitler .
In Cruise 's hands , von Stauffenberg comes off as a very human window into this history and this engrossing and involving movie .
... for all the zippy editing -LRB- by longtime Singer collaborator John Ottman , who also composed the effective score -RRB- , viewers will spend most of Valkyrie waiting for the other jackboot to drop .
Tom Cruise , known to some for fun scenes as in the movie ` Cocktail , ' is surprisingly effective in the role of the head of a conspiracy to assassinate Hitler .
Tom Cruise starring in the fact-based story of a plot to kill Hitler by Nazi Col. Claus von Stauffenberg sounds like Oscar bait . It is n't . And the sooner you accept it , the more fun you 'll have at this satisfying B movie .
-LSB- Cruise is -RSB- distractingly bad in this , the iconography of his celebrity so strongly overshadowing his performance . He 's just too powerfully contemporary .
Valkyrie is every bit as good as you remember a Tom Cruise movie being , back when you still liked Tom Cruise .
I love how Singer plays the whole damn thing like the greatest suspense comic-book story ever told ...
A tension-packed thriller with a superb cast .
Incongruous vocal intonations are n't even the most significant problem plaguing Bryan Singer 's film .
The movie is streamlined to a fault , a sleek and purring machine interested in process , not people . So when the plan begins falling apart , audience sympathy is fatally missing .
VALKYRIE feels like the exciting second part of a miniseries . Part one had all the character bits and drama , though .
Refreshing in its lack of pomp and circumstance , a movie that exists to be a movie and nothing bigger .
Part suspense thriller about the failed assassination of Hiter , part social protest drama , part star vehicle to reenergize Tom Cruise 's troubled career , Valkyrie is engaging but not a good thriller .
The film compensates for a lack of verve and action with solid production design and crisp performances from its cast .
Bryan Singer 's long-awaited account of the near-miss assassination of Adolf Hitler by a ring of rebel German army officers on July 20 , 1944 , has visual splendor galore , but is a cold work lacking in the requisite tension and suspense .
A coolly efficient , entertaining and straightforward tale about the last of 15 known assassination attempts against Adolf Hitler .

@highlight

Given the subject matter , Valkyrie could have been an outstanding historical thriller , but settles for being a mildly entertaining , but disposable yarn .