What more can you ask from a gangster thriller than kinky sex , extreme violence , comical playfulness and soulful music ?
One of the most vivid , ambitious cinematic offerings of 2011 .
Pulpy flourishes lend it the crude spirit of a Warner Brothers gangster picture from the 1930s , albeit one with an unexpectedly carnal edge .
Meet Riva -LRB- the spectacular Patsha Bay -RRB- , a man who thrives on scarcity : he smuggles gas , and has recently come upon a mother lode-which becomes , of course , a powder keg .
The alien environment makes Viva Riva ! a fascinating watch .
The film looks and feels like another Pulp Fiction clone at times , but what emerges is a far more thoughtful work that makes important -LRB- and surprisingly -RRB- salient points about the humanistic struggles of developing countries .
Both exotic and engaging , with an earthy edge . But it also has a sophisticated side
Worth checking out just based on the rarity of a movie with an empathetic black protagonist even being made about the Congo . The un-Tarzan !
A slick , exciting , well-made crime thriller , dripping with atmosphere .
What Munga has to say in this feature directorial debut is delivered via a quick-paced , gritty crime story that is both entertaining and enlightening .
A wild and seductive crime thriller , Viva Riva ! is a promising early step for Congolese pulp cinema .
It feels so raw and urgent and real .
Antoine Roch 's digital photography is one of the film 's strong points-it takes you right into the action from the opening scene ...
Pulsing with polyglot music and outlaw vigor , `` Viva Riva ! '' is a raucous reply to the new world order .
Patsha Bay plays the macho title character , but the film belongs to sultry Manie Malone as the dancehall diva he aims to steal from the top mob boss . She makes even the act of applying lipstick spark with erotic electricity .
There 's a ton of stuff going on in `` Viva Riva ! '' but it 's always willing to pause for a steamy sex scene .
`` Viva Riva ! '' has its cake and eats it , too . Shoots it to pieces , actually .
Riva 's a gritty get-down that 'll hit you in the gut .
Writer-director Djo Munga brings Kinshasa to rumbustious life , and should he devote the same attention to character and dialogue he may be a talent to reckon with .
Congolese gangster film goes in too many directions at once
The only thing this talented young filmmaker can be accused of is being too ambitious with a multi-threaded story that starts at a fever pitch and keeps it up for 98 minutes .
... despite the bloody fates awaiting most of his cast , Munga 's film has an oddly upbeat vibe .
New cinema from the new Congo . Suspend disbelief a bit for this one .
Brutal and simplistic , the film nevertheless delivers rough excitement with a certain rude style .
Viva Riva ! is exploitation cinema done right - it 's got both feet planted in the here and now but its heart 's bursting with the same lurid , filthy values that B-movies have embraced for decades .
An energetic , boldly entertaining variation on the gangster genre , with local flavor that just wo n't quit .
Viva Riva ! succeeds in being violent , erotic and often funny ...
A frenzy of double-dealing action , sweaty sex and appalling violence that has some real moments of knife-edge tension .
The titular exclamation point promises exuberant fun that the movie delivers only in spots .
Munga 's screenplay rarely rises above the conventional , but he keeps things motoring nicely , and there 's the smell of authenticity about the ramshackle locations he 's chosen .
This insight into the aimless hedonism of young punks could be cutting , but the film does n't dig beneath Riva 's Jack-the-Lad charisma .
Unfortunately , none of the characters is particularly sympathetic ...
Viva Riva ! has energy and pace , it 's a pretty creditable attempt at a Congolese The Harder They Come , a blaxploitation Treasure of the Sierra Madre . It 's fun .
You 'll need some patience to wrangle with this conflicted beast , but it 's never dull .
On the basis of this expertly engineered crime thriller Djo Munga is a director going places .
The un-Tarzan !
This is just a gangster movie , but it has the edge of a unique time and place , and in a crowded summer movie market any edge will do .
Despite a nifty final twist and a willingness to dispense with a few taboos , it fails to establish a consistent rhythm .
A colorful , accomplished and involving crime drama with an evocative real-world backdrop ; proof that some genres can translate into foreign markets and back again , with glossy ease .
Viva Riva ! , however , plays dirty , a buoyant throwback to the glory -LRB- and gory -RRB- days of the grindhouse . All you need is an empty beer bottle to roll down the aisle .
-LSB- VIDEO -RSB- `` Viva Riva ! '' is the kind of fast-and-loose Third World C-movie you 'd expect to watch on the 10 '' screen of an air-conditioned public bus rounding corners on the Karakoram Highway .
Part African noir and part concise summation of busy , heady life in modern-day Kinshasa .
Unfortunately , despite the sweaty , tense atmosphere , `` Viva Riva '' becomes derivative of the duller scenes in other gangster flicks .
A nastily effective , sociologically pungent genre piece ...
The Congolese writer and director Djo Tunda Wa Munga gives Viva Riva ! a playful sensuality that goes a long way toward disguising formula .
Digitally shot , the film looks great , and the performances ooze charisma .
The debut of writer-director Djo Munga , who 's from the DRC and studied filmmaking in Belgium , Viva Riva ! has a sleek international sheen .
Notable as the first feature-length film produced and shot in Congo , Viva Riva ! should attract audiences interested in international cinema , plus fans of the '70s blaxploitation phenom .
The landscape may have changed , but Viva Riva ! 's story is a familiar one .
There 's just enough sexy sex -LRB- gratuitous lesbians for good measure -RRB- and violent violence -LRB- too nasty at times -RRB- to keep this bumpy ride on track .
This is on my short list for best movie of 2011 . Considering the obstacles that the director had to face , this is a stunning achievement . This is a film noir for the ages , and as auspicious a debut as the Coen Brothers ' `` Blood Simple '' .
The first major motion picture to come out of Congo in decades happens to be one of the best neonoirs from anywhere in recent memory .
Too lazily indulges in shapeless genre excess .
Viva Riva makes good use of this richness , the ferocity of its characters and also dazzles the camera with a great number of very sensual lovemaking scenes .
A blast from start to finish , writer-director Djo Tunda Wa Munga 's Viva Riva ! marks the Congo as an African filmmaking center to watch .
A bold crime action film that 's vicious , sexy and throbbingly realistic .
A brutally energetic crime movie from the Congo .


@highlight

Vibrant and violent , Viva Riva is a stylish , fast-paced crime drama .