Even if Maggie 's Plan is not a great comedy , it is a work of intelligence that succeeded in surprising me , especially after Miller 's earlier films .
I ca n't express how satisfied I am that Maggie 's Plan probably lacked the budget for a bigger name . The part and the actress are ideally suited for each other . Greta Gerwig deserves greater success .
Gerwig and Hawke spar well , Miller 's screenplay has some lovely lines and there are cracking supporting performances from the likes of Julianne Moore and Bill Hader .
It 's a movie that you probably wo n't remember much of in a year , but that you will happily re-watch on cable .
-LSB- Julianne -RSB- Moore is the centerpiece here , both comic and emotional , a nifty transition guided by -LSB- Rebecca -RSB- Miller with deft , forgiving aplomb .
Watching Maggie 's Plan is a lot like hanging out with enjoyable friends for an hour and 40 minutes . It does n't overly impress or take your breath away but it does provide a pleasurable interlude .
-LSB- Rebecca -RSB- Miller loves these characters , too much to paint any of them as villains , and if Maggie 's plans are complicated by the vagaries of human desire , her happy ending feels fully earned .
There 's nothing stupid about Maggie 's Plan . Not the performances . Not the dialogue ... Not even the pixilated O'Henry twist that we should 've seem coming , but do n't . Even more important , we do n't mind that we do n't . Now that 's a lovely time at the movies .
Maggie 's Plan highlights Moore 's comedic capabilities , which we unfortunately do n't get to see very often . And Gerwig proves that her quirky attitude is not limited to one role but can change and morph to showcase her talents .
It 's fun seeing characters recognize the terrible mistakes they 've made in their romantic choices , and while Maggie 's plan might not be the most realistic , it 's one that makes complete sense within the world of these characters .
An inoffensive and relaxed offbeat comedy with just enough heart to carry it through .
Maggie 's Plan still manages to be enjoyable despite its flaws . It offers bits of intellectual musing as well as mild humor throughout .
Miller 's NYC comedy bristles with wisecracks and quotable lines , while spinning a plot that sidesteps narrative cliché .
Director Miller 's dialogue , concocted from a story by book publisher Karen Rinaldi , puts a sparkle in the mouths of everyone concerned .
It has charm , mischief , provocation , astringent wit .
Julianne Moore is terrific as the high-IQ wife while Greta Gerwig again shows her flair for these types of wistful independent urban comedies .
The juice of Maggie 's Plan is all in the writing , however , and there 's something quasi-mathematical in the way this triangle keeps reformulating , as if these characters were no more than symbols being plugged into an equation .
Gerwig will make you feel for her even as you cringe at her terrible decisions . But best of all is Julianne Moore as an over-the-top Danish anthropologist -- a character more like her comedic turn in 30 Rock than any of her recent dramatic roles .
The movie does n't refrain from using many of the same genre conventions that it seems to believe it 's escaping from . -LSB- Full review in Portuguese . -RSB-
An impersonal and erratic film , crowned with an anticlimactic end , that is only suitable for less demanding fans of this type of urban comedies . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A sort of comedy without situations and a natural tone , that is one of its best assets . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A refreshing and intelligent alternative to current forgettable romantic comedies from Hollywood . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film that shows us that art should never be complacent , the deranged lives are intimate heritage of our time because they are our lives . That is why we so scared to se them on screen . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Rebecca Miller 's New York-set comedy-of-manners is far removed from the traumas of her earlier works .
Romantic comedies that feature pregnancy as a dramatic motor are unanimously , and without exception , awful ... Yet , here comes the writer-director Rebecca Miller , with her big brain and literary pedigree , and she completely nails it .
This is Miller 's first wholly New York City-based film , and it seems no coincidence that it is also her most delightful .
It 's particularly nice to see Schwarzenegger get the chance to take on a more nuanced role than what he normally gets . He does well with it , too . It 's just not enough to sustain a whole movie . A really good short film : Yes .
Many have compared Maggie 's Plan to earlier works by Woody Allen , though I was reminded more of the output of Noah Baumbach -- at any rate , either comparison works .
Moore packs the performance with so much insight that Georgette becomes the real star of the story , the centre of the triangle with Maggie and John revolving around her .
This film feels like Allen mixed with a light comedy with peculiar characters that end up living happily ever after . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
People who like genres like horror or action , probably wo n't be attracted to this kind of films . It 's a shame because they wo n't realize the originality of this story . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Though all of these actors are highly skilled , they are all directed to a very high pitch , with much stressing and bitterness , and it made me want to reach for the aspirin .
a cautionary tale about forcing Destiny 's hand , sparkling with puckish wit and wry observations about what fools these mortals be
A satirical film with witty dialogues and a remarkable cast . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A movie about the fears and complications of today 's woman . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A modest film that understands the essence of cinema : exploring the complexity of people 's feelings . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Adorable .
A comedy with some dramatic tones and some hints of Woody Allen 's neurotic take on `` The Big Apple '' . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
More than that will spoil -- just go and lap up the keen intelligence of the screenplay and bask in excellent performances from Gerwig , Hawke and Moore
Maggie 's Plan maintains writer-director Rebecca Miller 's close fascination with the turning points in female lives , but drama has given way to screwball momentum .
Like the best of those American romantic comedies of remarriage from the 1930s and '40s -- and like the Woody Allen movies we wish he 'd make again -- this one makes serious matters feel light .
Maggie 's Plan is a movie that flirts with greatness , but it frequently becomes hung up on its own artifice .
Just look at that cast , all robust and visibly charged by the top quality material on the page .
It 's not nearly sophisticated enough to match the complexity of its characters , whose labyrinthine romantic entanglements have a truthful ring to them .
It 's mildly amusing and thought-provoking but Moore 's cartoonish turn is awkward , making Georgette appear a fool , and ultimately it 's all rather pointless .
Although droll rather than laugh-out-loud funny , this is a smart and immensely enjoyable romcom .
This is a movie of quiet smiles and the occasional laugh ; it 's barely a comedy , and yet can only be a comedy ; the stakes , while genuine for the characters , are superficial for the audience ... Gerwig saves the day , the movie , and your visit to the cinema .
It 's like a screwball comedy without a linear storyline that meanders through the snakes and ladders of relationships , career imperatives and family dynamics
-LSB- Miller -RSB- continues to write and direct smart , funny , surprising movies at a time when those are not quite wanted at major studios . She attracts superb actors , probably because the roles are always meaty , even the small ones .
It comes as a surprise to relate that -LSB- Miller 's -RSB- most successful film yet is also her most conventional .
The actors are clearly having the time of their lives and , in the moment , their interactions are a delight to behold .
Witty and not afraid to be occasionally awkward , Rebecca Miller 's film zips along at a charming pace before stumbling past a perfectly acceptable stopping point and dragging the whole affair out beyond its ability to entertain .
As a movie , it may appeal to audiences craving the kinds of films that Woody Allen , Noah Baumbach and Richard Curtis make ... But if that 's not your cup of decaf , it may just grate on your nerves .
Funny , sharply observed -- and occasionally profound .
The triumph of Miller 's film comes from the meeting of a great cast with a sensitive , clever script that treats them all with remarkable even-handedness .
There 's more than a hint of Woody Allen and Noah Baumbach but writer-director Rebecca Miller 's gentle mockery is more soft-focus than hard-hitting .
Early on , writer-director Rebecca Miller 's comedy drama is utterly delightful - an acutely observed , very witty drama with another of Greta Gerwig 's winning performances as a New York everywoman trying to make sense of her private life .
You might want to make a plan to see this .
Here 's a whip-smart indie rom-com blessed with sincere charm and subtle sophistication , factors which have been in short supply for such a long time now .
This comedy from Rebecca Miller says more about the human condition through its cardigans than most films this summer have managed in their scripts .
Maggie 's Plan is imbued with the kind of navel gazing that will inevitably grate on some viewers without the patience for it but for everyone else , there is much to like in this engaging and sweet screwball comedy .
A light , loving satire that laughs at the pretensions and follies of the over-educated .
The snow leopard of romcoms : intelligent and screwball-funny .
It 's Gerwig who dominates the film with another incisive , funny portrait of a conflicted , vulnerable yet determined modern woman .
For fans of Greta Gerwig , she does her usual comic thing and if you liked her before you will surely also like her here .
A well-rounded romantic comedy unlike other films in the genre . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Miller 's most easily accessible and enjoyable film to date , heightened by a bracingly funny script and a trio of terrific comic performances .
With snappy dialogue aplenty , the work of the cast is paramount , and thankfully the whole team knocks it out of the park .
Right there in the title , this wry , warm , rambling anti-rom-com makes it clear love is n't going to work out quite the way the super-organized Maggie thinks .
There are no real laughs in here , only chuckles of recognition at the rough cadence of comedy , acknowledgments of the empty spaces where we expect humor to reside .
This would-be screwball ` comedy of remarriage ' -LRB- to use an academic term appropriate to a story filled with eggheads -RRB- strands a game cast on an island of contrivance .
Greta Gerwig co-stars with New York City in this tame location driven rom-com .
The most charming surprise is the peculiar friendship between the two female romantic sometimes-rivals ; Moore and Gerwig have a surprising chemistry in polar opposite roles .
A perfectly cast comedy of manners that couches complex emotional questions in joyous farce and continues Gerwig 's reign as the undisputed Queen Of Quirk .
Even if you 've seen these ingredients before , you 've never seen them prepared quite like this .
`` Maggie 's Plan '' is romantic , intelligent , and impossible not to like .
`` Maggie 's Plan '' is romantic , intelligent , and impossible not to like .
... one of the sweetest , most genuinely satisfying romantic comedies to hit screens in some time .
As Gerwig 's character plays matchmaker and plot-hatcher , the tonally confused movie tees up a screwball comedy that 's best moments are unexpected drama and character study .
With white-hot performers at its fore and a screwball-style premise , Maggie 's Plan promises more than it ultimately delivers but there 's abundant fun to be had along the way .
Miller and cowriter Karen Rinaldi have created a sly , frequently funny film that starts as a traditional rom-com and ends up flipping those traditions on their heads .
No movie so insightfully unpacks a ficto-critical anthropologist like `` Maggie 's Plan . ''
A romantic comedy with key insights into love , marriage , divorce , and control freaks .
Miller 's characters are pseudo-intellectual at best - they are academic by job description alone .
A sort of hipster romantic comedy that looks like something Woody Allen might have cobbled together in one of his slower years .
Acerbic and idiosyncratic , it 's tartly erudite to the extreme .
The search to nail down exact return policies on modern relationships drives both the humour and the edgy parts of Maggie 's Plan , which features faultless delivery of beautifully entangled dialogue from writer-director Rebecca Miller .
The movie does have humor , even if it lacks a snappy pace . And in certain moments it soars .
The setting and tone of `` Maggie 's Plan '' will remind a lot of viewers of the movies of Woody Allen , or of Gerwig 's recent collaborator Noah Baumbach . But Miller 's generous vision is her own original thing , and `` Maggie 's Plan '' is worth sticking to .
Gerwig 's typically , frustratingly off-kilter turn as the central character ultimately exacerbates the Maggie 's Plan 's less-than-compelling vibe ...
Miller 's characters are complete , singular people , and her take is thoroughly female . She subverts the genre , and wakes it up .
`` Maggie 's Plan '' is Gerwig 's show , and once again she proves to be one of the screen 's most engaging presences .
In her sharp script , Miller channels the bubbly spirit of rom-coms while also gently subverting them .
It 's nothing but enjoyable to watch in a minor key .
Maggie 's plan may or may not work out . But as a smart , perceptive commentary on modern times , `` Maggie 's Plan '' succeeds beautifully .
There 's contentment to be found in watching an actor operating firmly within her comfort zone , just as it 's thrilling to see a performer try something new and nailing it . Maggie 's Plan delivers both these pleasures .
Something between Shakespeare , Woody Allen and Noah Baumbach , a cautionary tale filled with Manhattanite wit and small moments that have the ring of truth .
What a smart , funny , thoughtful movie Maggie 's Plan turns out to be . It 's also a mess of characters and scattered ideas and it shoots off in different directions , which can be disarming and surprisingly effective .
The comedy is in the performances , not the scattershot storytelling .
Familiar stuff , but Miller makes this mini-genre all her own , turning the world of New York academics and intellectuals into the perfect setting for a wickedly smart screwball comedy .
It works in large part because of the swell cast .
-LSB- Miller -RSB- has such compassion for these characters .
The best romantic comedy Woody Allen never made .
Though the film feels a bit like a stepping stone to something greater for Miller , the stone is surprisingly polished .
If you 're tired of movie business as usual , this should make you happy .
It 's a sweet , faintly screwball , faintly Shakespearean look at love , families and what happens when a well-made plan goes just a bit awry .
The movie 's arch , literate tone aims to emulate Woody Allen or frequent Gerwig collaborator Noah Baumbach , but the jokes are n't clever or incisive enough to get to that level .
Rebecca Miller 's dramedy about a young woman who imagines she can take control of her life -- and others ' -- oozes charm thanks to the unique presence of Greta Gerwig .
Gerwig and Hawke are outstanding reasons to see this movie , but your patience - just like Maggie 's - will be tested before it 's over .
It may be a minor treat , but it is a treat and a terrific showcase for Gerwig -- and what it affords Ethan Hawke and Julianne Moore ai n't bad either .
Despite its stumbles as it heads toward the finish line , the performers hold down the fort .
`` Maggie 's Plan '' offers a reasonable imitation of a quality romantic screwball comedy , with all the requisite elements of a fine entry in a storied tradition .
Fictocritical and funny .
The movie flunks the Bechdel Test with abandon but mostly with awareness - it 's about the impossibility of being sensible , of having a plan , when it comes to love .
Its combination of intellect and heart is actually quite distinctive-not to mention funny and charming .
I do n't get why it 's taking so long for moviegoers to fall in love with Greta Gerwig , but maybe `` Maggie 's Plan '' is the one that finally makes you plight your troth ?
It possibly does n't quite deliver on all it promises as an `` anti-romcon '' of sorts -- but it definitely offers a subversive antidote to what you expect from the genre .
These characters seem to half-understand how insulated their world is , and we 're meant to laugh both at , and sometimes with , them .
Quirky , talky indie comedy about love , life has some edge .
Maggie 's Plan reads like indie dramedy filmmaking 101 ... It 's unfortunate then that film plays like a stiff , awkward parody of the genre .
The story grows emotionally muddled after Miller leaps ahead three years : now the two lovers are unhappily married parents , and the Gerwig character , for motives unclear to us and possibly herself , contrives to reunite her husband with his ex-wife .
Maggie 's Plan moves at a mercifully brisk clip -LRB- thanks , editor Sabine Hoffman -RRB- with a welcome , clever payoff awaiting at the end .
I love movies like this . Movies where we eavesdrop on smart , self-involved , deeply flawed and consistently interesting people .
A not-unpleasant 98 minutes that 's nevertheless understocked with comic zest and thematic incisiveness .
True to its title , `` Maggie 's Plan '' is so crazy that it just might work - and it does .
It would be so easy , and so wrong , to think of Greta Gerwig as merely a charming personality , someone quirky and appealing , who just stands in front of the camera and acts like herself . Actually , she 's brilliant .
Life in `` Maggie 's Plan '' is terrifyingly unpredictable . Just like everyone 's , which is what makes it so charming . Plan to see it .
Miller films the comedy in long shots and moments of recognition in close-ups , a strategy that gives her film both rhythm and depth .
Director Rebecca Miller explores her inner Woody Allen to goofy effects .
The rare movie set in smarmy academia that 's as funny as it is clever , that depicts pompous characters without itself being pompous .
It 's whimsy in a void : the characters have little connection , motivation , context , or substance .
Beneath the screwball surface , there are some sharp observations about contemporary family dynamics in this mostly agreeable romantic comedy .
Maggie 's Plan does n't quite gel , but it 's very enjoyable , and it has a solid emotional core .
Its mildly subversive rom-com sensibilities are just sour-sweet enough to pull it off .
I 'd pay to watch Gerwig recite the digits of pi until she got tired .
In time , we may get tired of this type of character from Gerwig , but for right now , she remains a joy to watch .
This is a complex film about a protagonist , Maggie Hardin -LRB- Greta Gerwig -RRB- , who views herself as an honest person who feels she deals with life ethically . Who was it who said that women are inscrutable ?
A highbrow rom-com of the most vanilla variety .
Greta Gerwig learns to let the chips fall where they may in Rebecca Miller 's witty , easygoing Maggie 's Plan .
Gerwig is still doing her Greta Gerwig act in Maggie 's Plan , but , in her best moments , there 's also a slyness and a depth to what she does .
Though Miller is a bit lighter on her feet here than in some of her other movies , Maggie 's Plan does n't clip along smartly enough for screwball . In the end , there just is n't enough chemistry to go round ...
Miller offers a vivid snapshot of a niche segment of New York . ... She truly gets the city 's rhythms and idiosyncrasies , and her dialogue frequently sparkles .
`` Maggie 's Plan '' is a modest movie , reluctant , like its heroine , to make large claims or excessive demands . But it is also cleareyed , generous and funny - tart but not sour , sweet but not too sweet , like one of Guy 's pickles .
Maggie 's Plan is n't perfect - the threads of its plot are sometimes a little too loosely knit - but Miller 's clearly got her finger on the pulse of the New York intellectual comedy .
The early passages of Maggie 's Plan hint at an incursion into Woody Allen territory ... But Ms. Miller proves to be an original , setting her comic characters in motion like mini-planets that spin in eccentric but overlapping orbits .
Lacks credibility and humor .
Write it off as a knockoff and you 'll miss out on what a strange beast this is .
Maggie 's Plan feels caught in a kind of dramedy dead zone , too broad to work as a straight love triangle and too restrained to do wonders with its high concept .
Buoyed by faultless actors who mesh beautifully , Miller 's film tickles you with laughs that can - suddenly or even days later - choke you up with emotion .
As winsome , Sundance-ready rom-coms go , `` Maggie 's Plan '' is a pretty winning one .
Maggie 's Plan is a fun light comedy with memorable characters , from a writer-director who lives up to her lineage -LRB- Arthur Miller 's her dad -RRB- , but it relies heavily on Gerwig 's predictable charm and sometimes seems more Woody Allen than Rebecca Miller .
They 're people you roll your eyes at in real life . But somehow , Miller makes them and their flaws appealing .
Miller applies Gerwig to the center of a busy story with simple themes , but it glides along so effortlessly that its reductive qualities barely register .
The picture is one part vintage Woody Allen , a few parts screwball-era comedy of remarriage and a vigorous shake of Gerwig herself , without whose particular spirit this scenario might have trouble getting off the ground .
It does n't quite come together as tightly as its screwball plotting requires - but there are still long stretches that work , and every performance is a winner .
Wears its Woody Allen influences like a badge of honour , implemented in an affectionate , endearing way and in no imitative , nor suffocating to the project at hand .
-LSB- Sundance 2016 -RSB- Even as the plot occasionally meanders , it is ultimately Greta Gerwig who carries `` Maggie 's Plan '' to its unlikely yet sweet denouement .
The film moves with speed equivalent to a teenage girl 's rushed story summed up between classes .
As a writer and director , Rebecca Miller is at her best when she finds the shared wavelengths of her lead cast 's divergent styles .
The dialogue , which is heavy on wordplay and parodying of intellectual pretentions , works well enough to entertain , but it lacks subtle characterization and bite .
Maggie seems like another awful self-absorbed and entitled New Yorker like we 've seen in far too many other movies .
A smart , goofy delight .
An engaging and predictably thought-provoking yarn from a storyteller who always sees her characters as complex and often deeply flawed .
True to life , it 's unpredictable and a bit of a mess . And that 's what makes Maggie 's Plan such a delight .
`` Witty , observational , and hilarious . ''
Greta Gerwig , Ethan Hawke and Julianne Moore make a pleasing triangle in Rebecca Miller 's offbeat romantic comedy .

@highlight

With a typically absorbing performance from Greta Gerwig leading the way , Maggie 's Plan gives rom-com sensibilities a smart , subversive twist .