This movie is like some kind eruption from the dark heart of pop culture and intellectual culture at once , a meditation on female sexual conformity that nevertheless shoves boobies in our faces .
... an inept , flat-out worthless piece of work ...
With a hilariously over-the-top B-movie vibe , this nutty gorefest keeps us chuckling all the way through . And underneath the outrageous wackiness , there 's some playful thematic wit at work as well .
Enjoyable horror comedy that delivers on the promise of the title , aided by some decent effects and a witty script .
With a budget of perhaps 100 , half the movie involves people having their heads ripped off with the rest devoted to porn stars jiggling their plastic boobs before being shot in the head . Someone please shoot me , too .
Jay Lee 's wannabe cult flick will draw cackles from forgiving fans of cheap 'n' cheesy sexploitation .
Undemanding fans of softcore nudity and hardcore gore will chew it down , but real horror afficionados will crave more meat on the bone .
Proceed directly to the 'S ' section of your local video shop and rent Shaun Of The Dead again instead .
A brilliantly high-concept title and some decent gore aside , you 're better off watching the version in your head . It will be infinitely more fun and have markedly improved production values .
It 's cleverly done with lots of nods to other zombie films . You 'll probably catch it on DVD
Zombie horror is always dark , of course , but not always for the same reasons . Here the darkness comes from a sense of humour that adds layers to the standard zombie pre-sets
Here 's a title that lives up to its expectations ; Jay Lee 's schlockingly funny horror flick is filled with inventive ideas and delivers in spades for fans of the genre
Acting is hardly of great consequence in a movie where everyone involved seems a little too in on the joke , as if distancing themselves from material that would simply be vile if it were n't so outrageously over the top .
A bloody good time
Over the years I 've seen Jenna Jameson do lot of things in a lot of movies , but I 'm pretty sure this is the first time I 've ever seen her reading Nietzsche .
It is a serviceable horror comedy that will ride well on -LSB- Jenna -RSB- Jameson 's name recognition until the gag wears thin ...
Easily the best movie of the year , so far . Really .
It looks terrible . It does n't work as camp . It does n't work as low budget crap .
That faint thumping noise you hear is Russ Meyer doing donuts in his grave .
Hey , at least you do n't have to ask what it 's about , right ?
Instead of a B movie , Jay Lee barely delivers a double-D .
Since Jay Lee desperately wants to be in on the joke , the movie is n't exactly camp , but since it 's actually terrible , it is n't a parody either .
To say that this movie is repulsive is the height of understatement .
I stayed to the bitter end out of some romantic sense of professional obligation . Do n't make that same mistake !
A one-joke pic that duly delivers on its titular promise to rapidly depleting returns .
I date strippers so I 'm really sensitive to the portrayal of strippers in film . Fortunately , the makers of Zombie Strippers did me proud ... Zombie Strippers is the best zombie stripper movie ever made .
Unsurprisingly Zombie Strippers is poorly acted , written , directed , edited , and lit , but it is so tedious to watch that this might be the first movie that would be improved if Uwe Boll were calling the shots .
On its own low-bar terms , it delivers the goods : pole-dancing , gut-chomping and Jenna J.
Shot on ugly digital video with Troma-grade special effects , campy humor and frighteningly bad acting , Zombie Strippers should provide many laughs for stoners watching it on video .
If you like zombies , and you like strippers , you will love Zombie Strippers .
Needless to say , the misogyny reeks ; unexpectedly , the movie 's bigotry is almost as ugly .
Nifty title , execrable film .
It barely matters that Zombie Strippers is a tediously overextended satire . It 's called Zombie Strippers .
The action can be bloody , but is mostly routine . Ultimately , the film 's most eye-catching special effects are reserved for bikini waxes and implants .
Zombie Strippers is hands - and arms , legs , feet and any other dismembered body part you have laying around - down the best comedy so far this year .
Zombie Strippers is a B-movie whose ideas and wit set it well above the great unwashed of the genre .
Call it unintentional-intentional-unintentional humor : Lee presumably believes that he 's satirizing the unintentional laughs inherent in no-budget genre fare , but does so in such a shoddy manner that the audience is laughing at him instead of with him .
Those excited by the words Zombie Strippers alone wo n't be disappointed by Jay Lee 's unabashedly schlocky film , which he wrote , directed , shot and edited .
The film `` Planet Terror '' should have been . A true grindhouse experience .
A near-disaster of pacing , tone , and bad acting , Zombie Strippers never lives up to the B-movie promise of its title or even its clever concept .
There is an awful lot of objectification going on for a movie that considers itself subversively feminist .
Stripping away all the lame political satire and cutting to the chase , there 's admittedly something perversely effective about Jameson and company strutting their undead stuff against the appropriate death metal soundtrack .
`` Zombie Strippers ! '' is what it is and makes no bones that it is a black comedy that capitalizes on the awesome , deteriorating bods of its gorgeous cast .
Jameson looks great and is very sexy , Englund chews the scenery , and it 's all a lot of fun .
This is intentional ` B ' movie heaven with absolutely no apologies from the filmmakers . Stay away if you ca n't stomach the bloody entrails of the zombie world . Do come if you want to have a hysterically good time . They do n't care who they piss off .
The best part of `` Zombie Strippers '' may be the moment in line when you confidently stroll up to the ticket counter and proudly announce that yes , you will be purchasing one ticket for `` Zombie Strippers . ''
It 's still average schlock , albeit one with a little something for every discerning male ; big breasts , fake breasts , heavily pierced breasts , breasts with star pasties and bloody pasty breasts that are the true stars .
This is a movie that contains Jenna Jameson shooting billiard balls out of her vagina and characters on an existential quest of self-purpose , who thirst to maintain their voice in a fascist country that squashes free thought to profit from misery . Yikes .
In the not-so-grand tradition of other straight-to-video/late-night-cable T&A - fests , the trouble with Zombie Strippers is that it does n't come about its exploitation honestly .
The chicks may be topless , but this horror schlock wears its pretensions on its sleeve .
As a movie , Zombie Strippers makes for a great trailer .
If you like zombies and you like strippers , than this movie has them both ... and that 's about the only good thing that can be said about this awful waste of time .
Creepy and campy , sexy and sloppy , and probably best watched between the hours of 2-5 a.m. Or as a completely ridiculous double feature with Atonement .
By the time the film moves toward its conclusion and the gross-out factor really starts to rise , any semblance of even an exploitation story has fallen away like so many lopped-off limbs .
Though broader and less funny than Idiocracy , the political commentary of Zombie Strippers is effectively one-note .
Nudity , blood , violence , clever dialogue , and stripper zombies . You want a message , rent `` Schindler 's List '' .
Dumb and silly and a heck of a good time . Particularly if you 're anything but sober . And if you 're just looking for a grindhouse sort of guilty pleasure to pass the time .
It does n't develop the premise so much as endlessly repeat it ... just hopelessly bad .
A consistently hilarious , brutal , and titillating mash-up of Return of the Living Dead and Showgirls that actually beats out Mark Pirro 's Nudist Colony of the Dead for the unofficial title of best naked zombie movie ever .
It 's not enough to have the zany canniness of the situations when the energy level is decidedly inert , even as rival zombie strippers duel to the undeath .
It 's not as fast-paced or silly as it ought to be , mostly because Lee does n't really seem to know what he 's doing behind the camera .



@highlight

Though intentionally campy , Zombie Strippers suffers from poor execution , and never rises above its silly premise .