A spellbinding tale of luxury , incest , madness and matricide ...
Ridiculous . An artsy-soapy drawing room study of bored contempt and idle peccadilloes amongst the 1950s - '60s - '70s jet set in Europe .
Superficial dysfunctional story on the rich .
The most shocking thing about Savage Grace is its flatness
A sick-room torpor hangs heavily about this masterfully controlled , elegantly composed movie by Tom Kalin .
The subject matter could be considered shocking and the film is difficult to watch at times ; the director , Tom Kalin , is n't pulling his punches , but he refrains from giving any of the material the showy Hollywood treatment .
Provocative but frustratingly shallow .
While the pace occasionally flags and there are times when we wonder where Kalin is leading us , he maintains a pervasive sense of dread and unease throughout that makes the chilling climax seem both shocking and inevitable .
This tale of class differences , social climbing , illicit affairs , incest and murder creates an emotional wall between the characters and the audience .
For all the Baekalands ' outré behavior , the movie is peculiarly timid at times .
A grotesque waste of time about terrible people I 'd rather not have known .
The performance is so oversized that , just as Barbara cowed her husband and son into submission , the other actors seem to tiptoe around Moore .
... more savagery than grace ...
Savage Grace is a movie that badly wants to shock you . The only thing that might raise an eyebrow here , however , is the shocking rate at which everyone lights up a cigarette every five minutes .
Ultimately , I felt more sorry for Moore - giving her all to a skeezy , tabloid psychodrama - than for her self-absorbed character .
An appallingly handsome and creepy film entirely suiting the subject matter and repellent and alluring in equal measure . If you relish dishy tales of the depraved rich , it 's like Thanksgiving in a movie .
Director Tom Kalin , who 's making his second feature after 1992 's Swoon , tells the real-life story of the Baekeland family in a subdued whisper , like a servant muttering backstairs about a rich master 's failings .
A film as harsh , brittle and unbalanced as its characters .
The film boasts another sensational performance by Moore and a welcome return to feature directing by Kalin .
Kalin and Moore have done such a fine job creating this monster , you 'll be inclined to forgive them for never quite figuring out what to do with her .
Though the characters may be repellent , the film permits you to feel sympathy .
-LSB- Savage Grace -RSB- is like a Vanity Fair article ; it 's eye candy , with ... a creepy dysfunctional family drama thrown in to give it added value .
The decor and costumes are authentic , but there 's barely a moment in the picture that feels genuine in human terms .
Kalin makes some smart choices -- knowing the material is perverse enough , he does n't amp things up with flashy editing or crazy camerawork -- but he does n't care about these people .
It 's a horror story , all right , but the reason for telling it remains unclear , and it seems like a waste of Kalin 's evident talent .
Kalin fails to sustain a single tone with his direction or make his vision of the high life as revelatory as it is luxurious . As a director , he 's just a tony interior decorator - the swell settings are more seductive than the characters .
Disturbing in the extreme , Savage Grace gives a guided history tour of a family as dysfunctional as they come .
For that particular someone , Savage Grace could be the perfect summer chiller.ca
If ever there was a film to extinguish any envy of the lifestyles of the rich and famous , Savage Grace is it .
Though the film looks elegant , with deceptively simple interiors creating an impression of great wealth , it feels remote . We 're impressed by the work the actors are doing , yet the characters do n't hold our interest .
More like an awful family 's greatest hits than any sort of probing , comprehensive study .
An eerie , unsettling , uniquely creepy experience .
Money , madness , incest , matricide , retro fashions - what could be more cinematic than this ?
Julianne Moore once again puts the acting pedal to the metal . Her absorption into the role actually seems better than the thankless craziness written for the character . She is the highlight of this otherwise expendable film .
Savage Grace contemplates passion without sampling it , though , and the film quickly becomes as remote as a magazine spread .
Julianne Moore proves game for anything in this pitch-black true-crime reconstruction , where she stars as mercurial socialite Barbara Baekeland , wife of the taciturn heir to the Bakelite plastics fortune -LRB- virtuoso Stephen Dillane -RRB- .
While the Baekelands would be flattered to rank with Clytemnestra and Oedipus , they and the film are as shallow as martinis
Living these lives , for these people , must have been sad and tedious , and so , inevitably , is their story , and it must be said , the film about it .
Savage Grace is content to glide along , and while its key performances are intelligent , none of the writing activates these real-life characters fully .
The movie just sloshes along in a heavy , slightly overdone way .
It 's easier to appreciate the craftsmanship of Savage Grace than enjoy it as entertainment .
I think the director has some talent , but it 's kind of a nothing tale .
Savage Grace shows the family members ' slide in and out of pathologies , but it does n't sensationalize or even much pry into possible motives .
an oddly compelling film about contemptible people doing contemptible things to each other .
Wrenching , mature drama is a showcase for Julianne Moore .
Savage Grace has been shot with decadent cool creaminess , yet it 's a rather slipshod movie .
Given its subject matter , it 's oddly vacuous -- it rarely takes hold emotionally even when its people hit bottom with a resounding thud .
Grace may be based on a true story , but barely a moment in it feels real .
The movie is based on a true story , but for all its outré set pieces it never rises above the level of pretentious trash .
Director Todd Kalin seemed the perfect person to bring the Baekeland saga to the screen , and Julianne Moore the perfect person to play the demented and doomed Barbara . So what went wrong ?
A feel-bad peek at how the other half lives showing that no one knows what goes on behind closed doors .
Strange , stylized and sordid , it deals with lurid , repugnant relationships .
... a ravishing visual strategy for a story of such dark struggle .
Savage Grace doesnâ -LRB- TM -RRB- t seem quite sure of how to communicate its own fascination with such doings , whether to convey shock , envy , pity or bemusement .
oozes a milieu of `` good enough . ''
Kalin treats this predatory funhouse with a soothing screen detachment , exploring the psychological injustices and oddly alluring sensuality with careful attention to the small spaces of behavior .
When in the presence of a woman like Barbara Baekeland -- and an actress like Moore -- lesser souls are doomed to wither .
Um , not a movie to see with the parents .
Howard Rodman 's fine-tuned script and terrific acting across the board -LRB- Hugh Dancy is marvelous as a fashionable , well-manicured monster -RRB- makes Savage Grace a pleasure -- albeit a ghastly one -- to watch .
Her performance , in a word , is magnificent , and whenever she 's on-screen this intricately layered psychological melodrama is as fascinating and as mesmerizing as anything else 2008 has produced .
Director Tom Kalin is a huge talent , and working from a script that Howard Rodman carved out of a book by Natalie Robins and Steven M.L. Aronson , he uses dark humor and artful style to pull you into a tale of the rich abusing their privileges .
Julianne Moore is some kind of great in Savage Grace , but the film ? Not so much .
Neither savage nor graceful , Savage Grace 's creaky -- and creepy -- tale of mother-son incest does n't get the art-film benefit-of-the-doubt that led critics to acclaim Swoon .
Savage Grace is a film strictly for avant-garde festivals , at which even minimal exposition is at a premium .
Mother-son incest , adultery , full-frontal nudity , murder and suicide may not lure summer ostriches hellbent on burying their brains in entertainments as forgettable as Chinese menus , but what a haunting experience they 'll miss .
Unfortunately for all its assets , especially Moore , Savage Grace leaves us somewhat empty-handed .
In its frigid way , Savage Grace is potent : It makes incest a state of mind .
Be forewarned , watching this movie about the frustrated , bored to tears existence of the elite , can be contagious . A depressing and meaningless , smutty glimpse into the depraved family lives of stuffy designer couch potatoes .
If you 're looking for a movie to convince you that money does not buy happiness , you 've come to the right place .
Kalin is a very brave and honest filmmaker -LRB- and plenty astute -RRB- , but his subject matter argues that some stories need not be told .
So muddled and self-important that none of its characters , not even with Moore 's ferocious performance , can take shape .
Blessed with a fine script , solid cast , smashing production design , and a message that drives home the notion that money is n't everything .
Rather than imitate the postmodernism chic of Far from Heaven or the parodic silliness of Die , Mommie , Die ! , Kalin settles for a nondescript style whose sole function is to stay out of Moore 's way .
The lurid plot , based on a very true story , is n't the problem here ... stilted dialogue -RRB- , and not nearly enough coaxing Moore out of her habit of clenching her face at the camera .
A lip-smacking episode of Lifestyles of the Rich and Depraved , designed more for train-wreck gawkery than psychological illumination .
Dark humor , along the lines of `` The Honeymoon Killers , '' gives way to fractured set pieces that gesture toward the film 's gratuitous climax , one that 's destined to bestow upon it a cult status .
When -LSB- Moore -RSB- embarrasses her son by forcing him to read a passage from de Sade 's Justine -LRB- introduction by Georges Bataille ! -RRB- , ... it 's a potent familial cruelty to place alongside the best of Davis and Crawford .
It is very pretty , and it feigns elegance well , but it is tawdry and shallow .
Savage Grace dresses like an epic , sweeping tragedy but is actually little more than a melodramatic soap opera .
The meandering story of a wealthy , worthless family of society humping layabouts .
Sadly , it 's a classic example of why some novels just do n't translate well when adapted to the screen .
Given that the story concerns murder , incest and insanity , Kalin deserves credit for refusing to sensationalize the text , but the film is too episodic and fractured , lacking the conviction of his first film , Swoon .
Patchy , but nonetheless watchable drama with some genuinely shocking moments and a superb performance from Julianne Moore .
This film has plenty of strong performances and provocative themes , but is too episodic to come together .
By scrupulously avoiding melodrama , -LSB- director -RSB- Kalin ensures that the characters remain recognizably human despite their flaws and monstrous weaknesses .
Told with a spare style and a tart wit , it records sprawling events with a claustrophobic sense of intimacy .
A crushingly unsuccessful glimpse into the lives of the rich , peripatetic heirs of the Bakelite plastics fortune .







@highlight

Though visually compelling , the lamentable characters in Savage Grace make for difficult viewing .