The plot is a little lackluster -- the climactic heist is n't very climactic -- but director Philip Martin creates a strong sense of place and a strong sense of community among the characters .
The Forger is an uninspired and flat crime-drama that , despite its relatively sellable premise and solid casting , just does n't come together .
The idea is actually interesting - a dysfunctional family trying to get their act together while planning some illegality and teaching the youngster about Impressionist art - but the half-baked execution falls short .
The Forger is a moderately entertaining , low-key combination heist film , crime picture and family drama .
Part of the family drama works , but whatever strokes of genius it could have goes to second term and it ends up being boring . What a waste of talent . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The script is a mess and it feels like it 's two different movies , where one is interesting and the other one is a waste of time . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A safe bet for the weekend that takes a little dignity whenever Christopher Plummer appears on screen . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Even though you see the actors struggling to save the film , it goes down on the weight of a very poor -LRB- and fake -RRB- script . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An average and forgettable story that does n't add anything new to the genre . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
You ca n't really make sense of all the subplots , the only good thing about this is the performances of the main cast , and even they struggle with the bad script . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A slow movie that never really takes off and never shows its true intentions . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
I 'm speaking as a notorious aficionado of bad John Travolta movies when I say The Forger is a chore to sit through .
Whether you buy Travolta in this role or not , the film turns convoluted under the weight of too many subplots .
The tension between grandfather and father and son is so fabricated and baseless that the film just kind of shrugs it off , like a coat it thought it should wear because that 's what all the other gritty urban crime dramas are wearing these days .
What is happening ! If you check out `` The Forger , '' you might well find yourself saying that time and again , as the entertainingly terrible performances keep piling up while the plot dares you not to chuckle at the audacity of it all .
There 's about an hour 's worth of story in the The Forger , a languid movie that 's stretched thin to fill out the running time .
The plot is ridiculous , but as a dysfunctional crime family drama , `` The Forger '' has its moments . Sheridan and Plummer are much better than the film .
It never for a single moment makes a plausible case for its own existence .
In attempting to spin out its competing storylines , the crime drama `` The Forger '' never quite gets a handle on either one .
Occasionally a movie comes along that 's such an awkward compilation of ideas it fascinates : The Forger , a Boston-set melodrama involving cancer , Impressionist art and deadbeat dads , is only about half that good .
Granted , emotionality does n't come in handy when dealing with a heist picture . Yet , underneath the thrills and near-misses is a surprisingly robust story about a father 's commitment and care .
Mr. Travolta teeters between tough-guy menace and soulful , artistic intensity , but you do n't ever believe that he can paint or that he can beat up a whole squad of younger , bigger , meaner dudes .
This limply directed tale emerges as a case study of an all too familiar type of art crime : the making of bad movies .
As the film 's title suggests , there is something inauthentic about it all .
trades potential pulp for strained sweetness , the tepid convolution leaving no room for authentic sentiment or suspense
Scenes generally feel underdeveloped , and transitions abrupt . A suspicion grows that this is one movie that would have fared better as miniseries .
The movie is miscast and predictable , but it 's not entirely without merit .
Tragically for the film 's momentum , there 's no sense of drama or tension to the heist .
The art-heist plot is pretty by-the-numbers , but Travolta nearly saves it with his doomed air of paternal helplessness .
Nicolas Cage at least manages to bring the occasional jolt of electricity to disposable genre tripe like this . Travolta is practically comatose .
The Forger proves to be a completely counterfeit crime thriller .
Travolta 's face looks immobile , while Plummer and Jennifer Ehle , as Cutter 's estranged , strung-out wife , look out of place .
I felt a little guilty not liking John Travolta 's pale imitation of a melodrama . But , as routine reduced to redundant , I got over that .
John Travolta wearily plays a master art forger who undertakes the proverbial `` one last job '' for the benefit of his dying son in Philip Martin 's soggy , strictly by-the-numbers crime thriller .
John Travolta 's Raymond Cutter does n't forge anything during the first 40 minutes of The Forger , unless we can count his unconvincing , age-inappropriate mane of hair .
We always knew Travolta 's laziness as an actor would catch up with him .
Wobbly in its intentions to deliver both heist-heavy suspense , sociological realism and a touching family drama .
A sluggish , obvious fusion of a disease-of-the-week tearjerker with a comedic family crime romp that abounds in stiflingly over-emphasized Boston-crime-movie details .
... a misguided piece of work ...
Good performances ca n't save a bland , instantly forgettable film .
A contrived thriller that wraps a gritty Boston milieu redolent of a Dennis Lehane story around a sentimental heart , with a high-stakes art heist that belongs in a more robustly plotted Hollywood studio picture .
An unpersuasive mixture of clunky family tearjerker and lazy crime caper .
Nothing feels fresh here - not even Christopher Plummer hamming it up as a crusty-coot grandpa - and Philip Martin 's routinely polished direction only underscores the cliche-composting of Richard D'Ovidio 's script .
Uninspired films utilizing cinematic devices that felt old decades ago are a regrettable part of the cinematic viewing experience , and `` The Forger '' squarely falls into this category . Even Travolta is better than this .

@highlight

So rote that its star is overshadowed by his wig , The Forger offers nary a thrill nor a scintilla of suspense that could n't be overpowered by a decent basic-cable drama .