-LSB- Contraband -RSB- moves along nicely , assisted by the inclusion of real bad guys , nasty enough to provide a decent level of jeopardy and the easy , cheeky camaraderie between Wahlberg and his gang .
We are left to ponder why Andy is any less culpable or any more worth saving than anyone else .
It may not exactly be an original story , but when a little effort is put into a film like this , it can be done pretty well .
Contraband is a decent action film but none of the cast can do anything to elevate the material beyond what it is : a January movie from top to bottom .
Plays like conventional Hollywood genre entertainment even though all the actual events in movie feel like they belong in a Michael Mann joint .
With its dim lighting and handheld camerawork , the director 's ` realistic ' visual approach is arguably bogus , but it pays dividends as the narrative becomes increasingly grim .
Wahlberg delivers in this sometimes tense , enjoyable , but morally muddy heist thriller .
Mark Wahlberg plays another working class action hero in this gritty but convoluted story about double-dealing smugglers , wharfside corruption and family revenge .
Mark Wahlberg delivers the goods in Contraband , a B-movie about smuggling in boozy , corrupt New Orleans .
A-Team rules apply : this is a gore-free zone that , in common with ye Lethal Weapon movies of yore , yokes family values to gunplay .
Ends up just another dumber than average caper .
Sound familiar ? Of course it does , and not just because it 's a remake of the 2008 film Reykjavik-Rotterdam .
Conventional , fairly exciting stuff , its most distinctive feature perhaps is the realistic , atmospheric photography by Ken Loach 's regular collaborator , Barry Ackroyd .
A typical Hollywood excuse for stringing together violent action sequences which are individually exciting enough but collectively unable to sustain any palpable tension .
How this confused and mediocre heist-cum-action movie reached - albeit briefly - the top spot in the US box-office ratings passes all understanding .
Ultimately , it 's not going to win any awards for originality but this is an entertaining crime thriller nonetheless .
Gritty , slick and maybe a bit too serious , Contraband may be predictable , but it is solid action entertainment .
It 's a thriller in which the twists become so absurd that it becomes a kind of caper , but without the humour .
It is criminal that a director of Kormakur 's talent should make the run from the gloomy authenticity of Jar City to this bland Hollywood fare .
Mark Wahlberg is back in action-man mode in this skilfully shot if slightly uneven thriller .
-LSB- A -RSB- thick-cut , crusts-left-on smuggling thriller directed by the Icelandic filmmaker Baltasar Kormákur .
A cockamamie smuggling thriller remade from an Icelandic original by Balthasar Kormakuar .
It 's a good thing Mark Wahlberg is so effortlessly charming , because that 's part of what keeps this rather generic heist thriller rolling along as smoothly as it does .
Kormákur 's thriller sets sail with enough puff , dynamics and intrigue to see it safely dock at the end of its voyage , complete with devilish humour and an expert lead at the helm in Wahlberg .
With the action of Icelandic heist thriller Reykjavik-Rotterdam relocated to New Orleans and Panama for Hollywood remake Contraband , the ` reformed crook forced into one-last job ' plot feels even more routine but Wahlberg gives the role his best shot .
Needlessly convoluted subplots and crummy supporting characters suffocate the Farraday dynamic .
There is n't a single moment in this film that feels authentic ...
Kate Beckinsale is wasted as his wife and a smug ending leaves a slightly sour taste but a well cast Wahlberg carries the day .
While charting familiar waters , the plot moves swiftly and efficiently , building a good head of steam over the first hour before exploding during the Panamanian highway robbery .
Watchable , if occasionally predictable thriller heightened by strong performances and some offbeat location work , though the script has a few problems and is n't nearly as clever as it thinks it is .
Sure it 's derivative , but it 's also colorful , twisty , and fast-paced enough in execution .
The result is unlikely to linger long in the memory , but it 's enormous fun while it lasts ...
Contraband is a cut above cookie-cutter heist thrillers , and director Baltasar Kormákur looks ready for the big time .
The film puts the word ` con ' in Contraband because its primary goal is to rob you of your money . If you plan on seeing it , please locate your nearest emergency exits before the lights go down .
Kormakur 's talent shows itself best when handling the sheer immensity of his props . The freighter and its containers are used to great effect , their sheer weight and bulk providing action scenes that are highly unusual and innovative .
Do n't expect glamorous outlaws , sunny locales and exotic masterplans - this low-key thriller lifts the rusted lid off an all-too-real world of despairing criminality .
... generic , entirely uninvolving ...
It meanders along with poor developed characters and culminates with a weak finale that tries too hard to please .
Baltasar Kormákur does a respectable job of maintaining the tension throughout Contraband
Wahlberg and the rest of the excellently chosen cast keep us engaged , even though the screenplay and direction are full of holes and contrivances
Fond nods to Wahlberg 's cinematic past -LRB- `` It 's like the size of a Mini Cooper '' -RRB- are thrown in , and it 's imaginatively shot , yet it all feels rather too familiar .
CONTRABAND 's plot -LRB- remade from a 2008 Icelandic thriller -RRB- is pretty creaky , but Icelandic director Baltasar Kormakur 's execution is scrappy and energetic .
a moderately enjoyable , generally preposterous thriller of minimal ambitions
The only real subterfuge this film has committed has been against paying audiences .
Inspired cast and intelligent twists elevate Contraband .
Smuggles a few thrills into January
A winter-season product , but perfectly absorbing once it gets going .
Based on a 2010 film from Iceland , something seems to have gotten lost in the translation ...
The storyline is driven by too many nick-of-time scenarios , the repetitive nature of which gradually decrease their impact .
Its foreign antecedent bore the moniker Reykjavik-Rotterdam , but perhaps mindful that many Americans would mistake these two major European cities for brands of beer , the action has been switched to New Orleans-Panama .
... gritty and tense ...
Entertainingly gritty until an ending that seems to go against all that has preceded it .
Not designed to win any awards ... but frankly , it 's more successful at what it 's doing and a heck of a lot more watchable than most of what is designed to win awards .
This standard heist thriller is a composite of knock-offs , but when Sergio Leone 's Once Upon a Time in America is among the sources ripped off , the quality is pretty high .
Save Your Money
... an enjoyable burst of silly escapism coated with thin layer of lowlife grime , suggesting a darker reality than it 's willing to commit to . It 's kind of like cruising through a rough neighborhood from the safety of your bulletproof limo .
Contrived , predictable and formulaic , the most compelling scenes are nautical , incolving freighter ships with claustrophobic interiors , dock workers and maritime law .
t 's not the Tom Cruise vehicle that 's playing in the auditorium next door . Still , ` Contraband ' is an entertaining heist flick . Based on an Icelandic movie , it 's an enjoyable exercise in eluding capture .
After a holiday season of more serious fare , it 's nice to see the new year start off with a bang .
This is an entertaining , fast-paced thriller with good performances by a fine cast .
Agreeable popcorn entertainment to wash away weighty awards season pretension .
the reason for the remake is nowhere apparent . It is not suspenseful . It is not high-action . The dialogue is as flat as the delta mud , and the direction by Kormakur is a study in understanding style , but not storytelling
A testament to January 's reputation as the worst month for new movie releases , `` Contraband '' is a purely disposable crime thriller .
Contraband generally succeeds well at what it wants to do . It is a gritty , exciting film , with some cool action sequences and a cathartic conclusion .
There 's not a lot to think about while watching it and we 've seen some of this plot before in other films , but for a movie opening in January , it 's actually pretty damn good .
A film ca n't just rely on the surefire ingredients a big-budget film needs to become a box-office success . This film did , and because `` Contraband '' played it too safe and did n't take risks , its surefire bet misfires .
... a messy amalgam of `` The Departed '' and a jacked-up `` Fast and the Furious '' installment ... The camerawork is de rigueur twitchy , as if the guy behind the lens has just snorted several lines of blow .
Should have been a lot better . But really , what were you expecting ?
A perfect fit for release during the first month of a new year when expectations are low . Guzikowski in his filmmaking debut appears to have thrown all the contrived relationships and unlikely coincidences from the original film into a blender . The ...
The biggest problem with the new Mark Wahlberg movie Contraband is that it ca n't decide if it wants to be a gritty crime drama , a rowdy action movie or a light-hearted heist film .
There 's hardly a single original idea in the movie , which is pretty ironic considering the film itself is about counterfeiting .
New Orleans smuggler forced to pay off an in-law 's debts must outwit a rival gang when he is double-crossed . Sturdy remake of the Icelandic thriller Reykjavik-Rotterdam .
Do n't think too much and you 'll be fine .
If ever there were a typical January movie , it 's Contraband , a film so dreary -LRB- and downright distasteful -RRB- that no studio would think of releasing it in December , when all eyes are focused on quality .
A reasonably solid thriller , built on equal parts action and suspense , and punctuated by the occasional bit of deft rug-pulling .
A tidy little heist/thriller starring Mark Wahlberg doing what he does best : Playing the underdog who always seems to gain the upper hand .
Contraband squanders its tiny bit of goodwill with a hotdogging , `` gritty '' attitude that 's never reflected in the actual story .
It 's a good , chugging caper movie for the most part .
I confess to be unfamiliar with the vagaries of illicit foreign-goods transport , but I have to think it 's more exciting than the rote action that unfolds in this movie .
What keeps this from being the nifty little actioner it might have been ? The writing mostly .
Wahlberg could sleepwalk through this role , and does . See this movie and you 'll surely follow his lead .
Mark Wahlberg struggles to deliver the goods in ` Contraband ' .
A dozen nail-biting , hold your breath and hold on to your seat action sequences more than make up for the film 's flaws .
Not brilliant , but certainly entertaining . Wahlberg plays his go-to blue-collar good guy with a continued ease , even while being upstaged by Ribisi 's and Foster 's off-kilter wackadoos .
`` Contraband '' comes off the factory floor with its engine running and ready to drive . But the ride feels overly familiar .
The picture offers absolutely no surprises and only one moment of actual suspense .
Frankly , Wahlberg has outgrown movies like this . And so have we .
As bland and inconsequential as its name .
Everyone needs a little action now and then , right ? Unfortunately , a little action is all you 'll get .
The ever-mounting complications start to feel a little ridiculous about an hour in , but Kormákur keeps the action moving so swiftly that I did n't really mind .
Though it never quite has us by the lapels , the film is a solid , workmanlike action flick .
Contraband 's not a bad movie . It 's not a particularly good movie , either .
There are no surprises . There is no excitement . The action is n't cool . The violence does n't gut-punch you .
Technically , there is n't any one thing in this movie that stands out as spectacular . However , as a whole , it actually works .
An enjoyable movie when you do n't have high expectations .
Compelling in the moment but adding up to less than the sum of its parts , ` Contraband ' is pretty standard fare as far as pulpy thrillers go .
This very gritty bit of greased action does a decent job of shaking the sluggish out of January .
`` Contraband '' is like an `` Ocean 's Eleven '' movie , minus the glamour .
`` Contraband '' aims to be dumb fun but gets only the first half right .
Contraband only really rouses to life when it provides an almost documentarian depiction of smuggling . ... But it 's still not enough to keep Contraband from falling into a formulaic finale .
Contraband does nothing wrong ; it 's just that what the movie does is n't particularly involving .
Stars Mark Wahlberg in the kind of earnest good-guy role that always exposes the actor 's weakness playing characters who are n't aggressive or larger-than-life .
`` Contraband '' is basically a B-programmer enhanced by a strong cast and a solid storyline .
Not even Mark Wahlberg taking off his shirt can save this poorly executed thriller from deserving nothing more than a quick trip to the DVD discount bin .
A by-the-numbers heist flick of such predictability that at several points you wonder why it 's even unfolding .
Contraband makes for a fun flick at first , until a nasty -- and tonally inconsistent -- misogynistic streak kills the joy .
In order to pay it forward , Wahlberg needs to direct it somewhere else , and on and on , until every country has a version of this thing .
Contraband has a few moments of tension , but it adheres to a predictable heist formula hardly worth trafficking in .
The film would have been more interesting if Wahlberg was a retired mime who had to escape one last invisible box .
An obligingly tense , scruffy addition to the one-last-crime genre .
A convoluted plot and the wasting of some decent actors , including an out-of-place Kate Beckinsale , makes `` Contraband '' just so much lost cargo . Paul Chambers , CNN .
A far more palatable potboiler than what 's usually puked up in January , `` Contraband '' finds Mark Wahlberg transplanting his hardscrabble Beantown ideals to the bayou . The result is a shrewdly efficient , if imperfect and erratic , Murphy 's Law thriller .
A dull , inert action movie ... a shipment it 's easy to label return to sender .
It 's a decent enough action vehicle with plenty of violence and a director crazy enough to cast scenery masticators Ben Foster and Giovanni Ribisi in the same film ...
Oh , not another one last job movie !
It 's pedestrian filmmaking , and this cast deserves better .
If you enjoy watching Mark Wahlberg do that action-movie thing he does , you could do worse than to spend your next plane ride watching Contraband .
Whether he 's slowing down time or ignoring its rules altogether , Mr. Kormakur 's eccentric pacing brings its own dividends , as does what really gets him going in the film .
It 's a so-so heist actioner with some serviceable thrills and better-than-average stunt work that hangs on a formula plot punctuated with fits of disturbing violence aimed at women .
Contraband is a film to be remembered , vaguely .
And then there 's the predictability of the `` surprise '' villain ; I wo n't spoil it here , but if you do n't guess who it is well before the reveal , then I sincerely hope you enjoyed seeing your very first movie .
the cinematic equivalent of watching someone lay expensive tile
This is an uncommonly well-crafted action adventure , or an action misadventure , given how much goes wrong for the resourceful hero .
At this point , I think Giovanni Ribisi has been sent back in time by the machines to terminate subtle screen acting .
It 's like an exciting police procedural turned on its head .
With his Popeye biceps and broody stares , -LSB- Wahlberg -RSB- can do a character like Chris without even thinking about it - and that 's what he does here .
Involving , smartly paced and well-plotted , `` Contraband '' is not a movie you 're going to remember for the rest of your life , but it sends you out of the theater with a feeling that your entertainment money has been well-spent .
With all the tension and destruction , `` Contraband '' is a superior piece of commercial gratification likely to generate plenty of legal revenue at the boxoffice .
A middling mix of drawn-out drama and underwhelming action that 's never very fun or very smart .
Kormákur and his collaborators want to tell a simple story cleanly , efficiently , and with a refreshing dearth of frills . They more or less realize their aspirations because they aim so low .
A competent genre movie enlivened by vivid sense of place/culture - shot on location in New Orleans , delving into the world of merchant seaman/dock workers/smugglers .
Contraband is a tidy little thriller that makes up in execution what it lacks in originality .
Several graphically violent scenes of women and children in jeopardy make this , ultimately , beneath contempt .
A convoluted caper chock full of holes .
A little unfocused , but still a very solid action thriller . Good to see lower-key action in this age of big-budget pyrotechnics .
There 's a frothy , almost whimsical undercurrent quietly bubbling beneath the dead-serious story .
Contraband 's sense of humor is charmingly macho , real meat and potatoes stuff . Literally .
This is a first-rate action film with a great cast , a talented director and a strong script .
As mindless action capers go , `` Contraband '' is a little less mindless than some .
I do n't know that a lot of `` Contraband '' makes sense . But I 'm not sure that it has to .
Contraband is the kind of thriller that offers just enough in the way of effective elements to assemble a two-minute trailer .
This universal story of a man caught up in circumstances beyond his control should play well as 2012 's first true action entry .
Tense , high speed action but with terrible acting , especially Ribisi and J.K. Simmons .
A serviceable thriller with a fast pace but not much of the grit and humour that set the original apart .
It 's exactly the sort of movie that Hollywood specializes in , the kind which seems on paper as if it ought to be entertaining , but winds up a massive and chaotic drag .
Wahlberg has the presence , the glower and the laconic line readings to guide us through a mess of pain , painlessly .
`` Contraband '' involves a lot of energy , but I 'm getting tired of violent retreads of these heist elements .
It 's a thriller distinctly lacking in thrills .
A solid genre picture that knows exactly what it is , has no delusions of grandeur and carries out its task in entertaining and occasionally even suspenseful fashion .
Falls into quite a few ludicrous plot holes , but thanks to strong filmmaking all around , they 're generally accepted for the sake of enjoying the adventure .
Semi-effective heist thriller , in which the gritty style and visual floruishes can compensate only up to a point for the formulatic tale and generic characters .
Wahlberg sleepwalks through yet another blue-collar tough-guy role , and Beckinsale , who 's kicked plenty of ass on her own , is wasted as the helpless damsel in distress .
Reasonably swift and effective .
The gritty style only accentuates the increasingly far-fetched dramatics in Contraband , an involving , atmospherically grungy mid-register thriller .
Contraband , while often grungy and far-fetched , does keep you watching . And in January , that 's recommendation enough .
If ingeniousness is a foreign concept to Contraband , so too are time and space .
Will there someday be a movie where the `` one last job '' goes off without a hitch ?


@highlight

It 's more entertaining than your average January action thriller , but that is n't enough to excuse Contraband 's lack of originality and unnecessarily convoluted plot .