Nine Lives , zero truth
Each woman has to turn herself inside out in continuous time . It has the demands of theatre and the intimacy of cinema .
Loss is the common thread that binds the women in these nine snapshots that involve us in their intricate lives . Some stories work beautifully , while others are dull and hardly capture our interest
The stories are sketches , often without resolution , and while individual segments succeed admirably , taken together the portraits are a fitful match .
In the end , all of the pieces in Nine Lives fit together perfectly . If one story does n't quite resonate for you , the next one likely will in this small but beautiful film .
Kathy Baker deserves and Oscar nomination for juggling so many different feelings during her slow , reluctant acquiescence to the drugs that may likely save her life .
Nine Lives had me tense , engaged , sometimes disgusted , sometimes moved , and always interested . Garcia is an ingenious and eloquent storyteller .
A truly amazing film .
It 's as if we 're randomly eavesdropping on the private concerns of one particular neighborhood ... a neighborhood that sure has its fair share of heartache .
Nine Lives is n't a master work , but it 's still a fascinating piece of filmmaking .
... a remarkably powerful little film .
You wo n't find ensemble acting much better or writing more incisive than that in Nine Lives ...
Certain characters and their particular pains become so engrossing in their 10-minute bits that it 's sad to see them go .
What saves Nine Lives is a first-rate cast , which includes Oscar-winning actresses Sissy Spacek and Holly Hunter .
It 's unclear why Garcia continues to choose to limit himself to these diluted portraits , rather than the layered and textured worlds that his writing and directing hint at .
If only every women 's movie had Nine Lives ' fire , intelligence , and conviction , they would n't have such a shaky reputation in the first place .
But when a piece works , like Penn 's , Garcia 's film soars , the over-theatricality of the artifice forgotten amidst the brilliance showcased by the actors onscreen .
Some parts are stronger than others , but as a fleshed-out artistic vision , Nine Lives works remarkably well .
... the first third of the film is marred by a tendency to be morbidly serious and overly dramatic .
... not a film for everyone given its episodic nature but should prove worthwhile for the moviegoer in the mood for something a little different .
Each vignette is tantalizing but so short as to be stillborn , leaving the impression of an acting class exercise .
Just as we 're growing fond of someone , the vignette ends and we 're on to the next woman . It 's nine orphan scenes desperately in need of movies to take them home .
Highly variable and something of a technical tour-de-force .
Taken alone , most of the segments are insightful and reasonably involving , but the whole may be less than the sum of its parts .
You keep waiting for the weak link in the chain , or the half-hearted performance , but they never ever come .
This is a movie predicated on contrivance after contrivance , but it does n't even have the diligence to be genuinely calculated .
Nine Lives is an elegant film of quick , tour-de-force acting turns , a simple actor 's gesture that tells you more than four pages of dialogue , a movie that demands concentration but that rewards the viewer willing to pay attention .
-LSB- A -RSB- dopts the urgency and the immediacy of the stage by eschewing the tricks of film and setting -LSB- the -RSB- extraordinary cast free in front of the camera ...
While the result often is interesting , it 's not always satisfying .
The performances are all superb despite the fact that the direction is haphazard and the super-16 film makes the whole thing look rather cheesy .
Each story is engaging , and a few are superb .
These little stories -LRB- whose overlaps feel mostly like an afterthought -RRB- never really connect .
-LSB- Garcia -RSB- leaves you thinking deeply about these people . And leaves you wanting more .
Composed of nine short films , each starring some of the best female actors working , though many of them are n't working enough .
Of these nine lives , few seem to qualify as living at all .
Nine Lives is aimed at femme , feminist film fanatics . I 'm not one of them ...
This movie is so bad , two lives into Nine Lives , I started counting how many lives I had to watch until I could leave .
The moments that Garcia has chosen to observe are unforgettable , the women -- played by an ensemble of actresses at the top of their respective games -- indelible .
What 's the point ? If I wanted to spend 12 minutes watching someone pushing a cart around a grocery store , I 'd go to the local A&P , not sit in a movie theater .
Like a series of acting exercises ... by the close it comes to seem a bit thin , promising more than it actually delivers .
A disturbingly frank look at people and relationships in contemporary Los Angeles and a thrilling dramatic showcase for a brilliant cast .
As delicately and precisely constructed as a spider 's web , Nine Lives is a quiet triumph .
It feels like real life , in nine acts .
The degree of our interest may vary , but Garcia maintains a very assured control with his fine , entrenched cast .
The snaky cinematography pulls you through even when the writing does n't , and the best performances keep you hoping that you 'll feel the next one or the one after that just as powerfully .
The cast steps up , embracing the chance to exercise acting chops normally limited to live theater . Most do so resoundingly , but two stand out : Robin Wright Penn and Jason Isaacs .
In looking at the lives of nine very different women , Garcia often seems to be closing in on something essential , small suggestive moments that attempt to resonate with meaning . Some do . Some do n't .
Not all of Nine Lives clicks , but at its best it finds an inarticulate sisterly solace that makes you want to see what this director could do with one life per film .
The stories resonant with a certain realness , a few stand out as exceptionally powerful . The downside is just as you 're really getting involved in one , they move to the next .
like a concept album , where even the order of play affects the emotional outcome
Rodrigo Garcia may be the closest thing we have to a master short-story artist working on the big screen .
The greatest short story writers , like William Trevor and Alice Munro , can awe us ; their stories are short but not small . Here Rodrigo Garcia does the same thing .
They make a persuasive case that , as one character says , ` Each woman is a universe . '
The cumulative effect of the rigorously controlled and purposive camera style adds up in the end to a collective portrait of womankind that is greater than the sum of its parts .
A beautiful freak : full of wonderful moments , but constrained by the rigid novelty of its structure .
Five or six lives might have felt more concise ; nine test the patience a bit
Nine little gems .
I thought this was a great film .
The cinematic equivalent of a satisfying volume of delicious short stories .
The movie is pleasing in its incompleteness . It colors outside the lines .
The writing here is especially eloquent -- Garcia is the son of novelist Gabriel Garcia Marquez -- suffused with maxims that somehow transcend the maudlin .
Yes , there 's too much to mention . Good thing it 's a pleasure to keep up with these women , even when their superior acting is needed to overcome the inferior material .
A sophisticated , elegant-looking film shot in distinctive , wide-ranging L.A. locales , but its real terrain is the human heart , explored with compassion and respect .
Taken together , the tales do n't add up to much , but some of the individual pieces are sensitive and keenly perceptive , containing fine work by a stellar roster of actresses .
A fascinating series of vignettes .
For a film centered on connection and continuity , Nine Lives is curiously erratic .
The bad stories waste your time , and the good ones leave you unsatisfied .
Thanks to Garcia 's vigorous camerawork , startlingly in-depth touches , guile and , importantly , a stable of top-notch actresses , and actors , the picture remains fresh and unexpected .
The overall impression is of lives that began before Garcia started shooting and continued after the camera was shut off , a remarkable and quietly haunting achievement .
Veering at times towards film school , `` Nine Lives '' rewards the patient with scalpel-like insights into life as a woman in the USA .
a film hurtling slowly towards nothing , with little to keep one interested along the way
An extraordinarily rich and satisfying suite of fleeting but intense moments in the lives of nine women .
The moral seriousness of ` Nine Lives , ' about the dark internal forces which guide the human heart , evokes a Bergmaneqsue vision .
Should be shown in film school and acting classes to teach how to create the perfect scene .
Although each character holds the spotlight only briefly , she arrives as if with a life already in progress , and it 's easy to believe that she 'll keep busy even after the credits roll .
Traces the often imperceptible connections that punctuate our lives and the disconnections with others that cause endless pain , disappointment and loss .
The short-story glimpses aim for Carver-esque pang , though the script could have used some Lorrie Moore bite .
A collection of short films pretending to be a feature length movie .
The tenth story is the technique , a difficult combination of story design and staging choreography . It earns a Bravo !
... Garcia triumphantly opens our minds which makes him one of a few filmmakers to admire ...
Uh ... ewww !
Nine Lives does contains a few tedious acting-school-exercise moments . Yet the accumulated power of the vignettes packs a wallop .
Though the episodic structure results in a whole not quite equal to some of its parts , pic is an unusually tender , perceptive character study buoyed by stellar performances from a who 's who of talented -LRB- and many underused -RRB- actresses .



@highlight

Nine Lives is bolstered by a strong cast and features many insightful glimpses into the lives of women .