Although we are mercifully spared an Allen stand-in on-screen , many uncomfortable traits and many old-fashioned ideas about men and women do persist .
The reality is that the director with his prolific career , has simply exceptional films , and ... -LSB- Wonder Wheel '' -RSB- is not one of them . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
There is nothing wonderful here , apart from Kate Winslet .
Winslet puts up a spirited fight , but the part is too obviously a retread of Cate Blanchett 's in Blue Jasmine , itself a retread of Blanche DuBois in A Streetcar Named Desire
The film 's look evokes the 50s flashbacks in Annie Hall , but it 's joyless , clumsy stuff , pastiche Clifford Odets .
It looks great but the stagey dialogue grates and the plot leaves a bitter aftertaste .
Allen was no doubt aiming for the luxuriant melancholy of a Douglas Sirk film or the brash sleaze of Vincente Minnelli 's Some Came Running . However , there 's an oily , deep-fried quality ...
A thinly plotted misfire that gets on the nerves rather than under the skin .
Winslet 's stunning turn is worth a look if you can stand the consciously stagey feel .
Amazon Studios has clearly got more money than sense if it did n't realise a cast of self-obsessed characters yapping on endlessly about their problems would be a cinematic turn - off .
A perfectly watchable film , but oddly devoid of jauntiness or wit ...
Kate Winslet delivers an incendiary performance -LRB- easily her best since 2008 in The Reader -RRB- ...
Winslet seems to be fighting a war against Allen 's direction , and everything goes to pot .
The plot and the structure undercut the affection Allen has for his salt-of-the-seaside characters . The writer-director falls in love with a tidy narrative arc that ends up more like a vicious circle .
Wonder Wheel sums up -LSB- Allen 's -RSB- career nicely -LRB- this is not wholly a compliment -RRB- .
There is lots of expository dialogue and characters saying lines like : `` I 've become consumed with jealousy ! ''
Wonder Wheel and its recent predecessors suggest that Allen is not just out of favour but out of ideas . You get the feeling that , one way or other , time 's up .
This is an oedipal drama about shame , guilt and sexual betrayal . Allen throws in a few gags - but not very many .
The whole feels contrived , mannered and very , very routine - Allen again flogging his ironic predilection for mixing would-be creatives with criminals . The shame is that the film contains a superb performance by Winslet ...
So `` Wonder Wheel '' is a must for fans and all lovers of misanthropic comedies . For everyone else , this is a nice pastime of harmless movies , but nothing more . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The best that can be said about this dull , overlong project is that it is at least pretty to look at .
We have n't seen -LSB- Jim -RSB- Beluish in such a display of skills for decades . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Woody Allen has many ups and downs in his directorial career , and this is definitely in the latter category .
Wonder Wheel is an unpleasant movie about unpleasant people , and only Kate Winslet 's standout performance and Vittorio Storaro 's camera work keep it from being wholly unwatchable .
A typical Allen ensemble piece , Wonder Wheel is nevertheless driven by a Blanche DuBois-like performance by Winslet .
It 's not much , but perhaps it will reach fans of the octogenarian director . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
If last year 's Cafe Society was fairly acceptable , Wonder Wheel is a bland exercise and a disappointing ode to Coney Island , New York .
There are moments where Winslet 's depth and charisma cuts through Ginny 's jittery mannerisms and neuro-psycho-bric-a-brac , and we sense something real , but they 're fleeting .
Incendiary and disturbing , particularly in its outcome , we are perhaps facing one of the most melodramatic and pessimistic films of Woody Allen 's career . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A sporadically agreeable misfire ...
In any other inkwell -LSB- it -RSB- would be a striking experiment ; within the filmography of Woody Allen is too similar to his other films . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
... a combination of drama , tragedy , romance , some comedy , a side of gangster thriller ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
... Allen manages to change the hilarity of his universe by a deranged portrait of absolute desolation in which all narrative elements converge due to their own discordance . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Amid the fading romance of this Brooklyn amusement park , there 's a wan lustre to the raging against the dying of the light by these weary , frazzled souls .
But the weird rhythms of the dialogue and the familiarity of the characters finally keep us from ever feeling invested in their story .
Wonder Wheel is exactly what the 82-year-old Oscar winner does n't need , a reason beyond social outrage for him to just go away .
Cinematographer Vittorio Storaro expertly uses the shifting lights of Coney Island 's attractions to mirror each scene 's shifting moods . Allen 's camera movement around Humpty and Ginny 's cramped apartment is especially skillful .
... -LSB- a film -RSB- I forget five minutes after finishing . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
I 've had various complaints about Allen 's movies in the past , but I do n't remember that he has ever written a screenplay quite so schematic , or such artificial , far-fetched dialogue ...
Yes , it 's that stale .
Ginny once dreamed of becoming an actress , one of many on-the-nose details that marks Wonder Wheel as self-consciously theatrical .
Between yearly films , Woody has time to read O'Neill . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Wonder Wheel is not good film . Belushi is wildly out of his depth and , at best , the storyline rises to the level of a second-rate Neil Simon play .
Not one of Woody Allen 's best works ... . It is devoid of wonder .
Woody Allen seems to be running on empty now , situating his stories in cliched versions of the past , slapping together character and situations with little care or passion , except as bile and bitterness take him .
Because Woody Allen makes a movie every year , some of them are bound to be clunkers . Wonder Wheel is one of the clunkiest .
Cut-rate O'Neill , pretentious , irritating and weaker than ever Woody
Woody Allen comes up with a very special movie about every six or seven years . Unfortunately , `` Wonder Wheel '' is not one of them .
The characters are n't interesting enough , the performances feel a little too stiff , the spectre of Allen 's better films - such as 2013 's Blue Jasmine - keep reminding you that this effort just is n't at the same level .
The actors work up a lather in trying to deal with the writer-director 's various sour and neurotic characters , most of whom appear stuck in a bad high school production of a Tennessee Williams play .
Allen , 82 , has his ups and downs , and while there have been more downs than ups lately he is always worth the benefit of the doubt . But `` Wonder Wheel '' is a ride to nowhere .
The film , set at Coney Island in the 1950s , feels like a play that -LRB- Woody -RRB- Allen wrote , then shelved because he had second thoughts after rereading it .
Even if Allen 's own past did n't loom over the film 's narrative , Wonder Wheel would n't rank among his best work
Woody Allen does n't have much left to say . Wonder Wheel is a doddering rehash of ideas from his earlier works .
Wonder Wheel looks gorgeous ... But with every word , Allen shows that , at 82 , his view of the world and the women in it is as antiquated as an old carnival ride .
Woody Allen 's films are always hit or miss . Sadly , Wonder Wheel falls firmly in the latter .
Like the attraction in the film 's title , the wheel turn but it rarely feels like anybody 's really going anywhere .
Without believing in this movie , one believes in Winslet .
Like the fairground ride for which it 's named , `` Wonder Wheel '' is entertaining but not enlightening .
The writer-director and the performers all seem unhappily trapped in this movie . The only one behaving like a glorious artist here is legendary cinematographer Storaro .
Allen 's dialogue is so stilted and artificial that no amount of Serious Acting can make it convincing or meaningful .
If there are acts in a filmmaker 's career , `` Wonder Wheel '' may be a sign that the auteur is in the last act of a prolific , ofttimes brilliant one .
Wonder Wheel is the auteur 's 49th feature and his most ill advised promotionally , artistically or by any measure .
Woody Allen proved his knack for getting unexpectedly strong performances from unexpected sources when he cast comedian Andrew Dice Clay in Blue Jasmine . Here Allen does the same with Belushi 's moving portrait of working-class decency .
As we watch Allen worry and nitpick over the way women fret over aging , painting Ginny as pathetic , jealous , insecure , and clownish , it 's dull , unoriginal , and offensive . Frankly , we 've have enough Woody Allen takes on this subject .
The problem with Wonder Wheel ultimately becomes its endless rotation of self-loathing , self-interested and shortsighted characters , wanting without doing .
Wonder Wheel seems more like a cobbled-together afterthought than the romantic melodrama it seeks to be .
Much like `` Blue Jasmine '' owed a debt to Tennessee Williams , `` Wonder Wheel '' enables Woody Allen to indulge his inner Eugene O'Neill - but not in a good way . Call it `` A Long Day 's Journey into Slight . ''
Kate Winslet ca n't save Wonder Wheel .
Like so many of Allen 's latter-day pieces , it feels like a dotty redo of Tennessee Williams 's signature work or a nostalgic , aspirational nod to Eugene O'Neill and F. Scott Fitzgerald . We watch a desperate , emotionally parasitic woman seek redemption ... .
Wonder Wheel is the film that certifies -LSB- Woody Allen 's dark period 's -RSB- dimensions . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Allen 's influences seem to combine the drama of Tennessee Williams and other American playwrights of the 1940s and 50s with the wonderfully garish visual style of directors such as Douglas Sirk . Think Sweet Bird of Youth meets Written on the Wind .
It looks absolutely amazing , but nothing that happens character - or plot-wise is the slightest bit compelling
Colorful Coney Island-set dark romance has roots in pulp noir and Tennessee Williams . Winselt is wonderful .
It 's as if Allen is disinterested in his own material , his unfocused meanderings from one event to the next making Ginny 's story more of an exercise in selfish materialistic excess than it is anything substantive .
If you 're still open to -LSB- Woodie Allen -RSB- as an important American artist , this is definitely one to put on your list .
-LSB- Wonder Wheel -RSB- is a truly disappointing effort from one of the great writer-directors in the history of American cinema that is as lazy and uninspired as anything he has ever done before .
If 2016 's Café Society was writer-director Woody Allen 's attempt to introduce a younger generation to the world of Woody Allen , then this might just be his followup attempt to show the Kids of Today what a filmed Tennessee Williams play looks like .
Unfortunately , this visual glory is the movie 's best asset .
Wonder Wheel has a fundamentally solid concept and theme , but Allen 's approach to heaping on miseries and neuroses becomes exhausting , and the film collapses under its own weight .
Rather than moving forward organically , the plot feels pinched and pushed into place , like one of those map tables in a war movie , with generals shoving pieces forward with croupiers ' rakes .
Amazingly unlikable and , periodically , unendurable .
If Allen seemed half as engaged with the material as Storaro obviously is , we might have something here .
Sadly , Wonder Wheel is not the film to break Allen out of this late creative rut .
Whatever its director 's motivations , a work so contemptuous of its own heroine is always going to border on the offensive .
Tom of Finland briefly moves to California when Laaksonen 's fortunes begin to rise in the '70s , but it becomes a weak-tea Boogie Nights along the way .
Wonder Wheel feels like it was made by someone who does n't know real people-only the kind he has seen in movies .
Everything strains to serve an underwritten story that resembles a community theatre stage production more than a major motion picture .
Autobiographical readings can be a lazy , obvious way to interpret the work of an artist , but with its triangular love affairs with stepdaughters and lost women in distress , it is impossible to read Wonder Wheel as anything but .
To be fair , I think Allen is best when his mood is sour like this , but Wonder Wheel still feels like too much of a retread to get a pass .
Has a derivative feel , overly reminiscent not only of fifties Broadway drama but of some of Allen 's previous pictures ... while it probably wo n't bore you , it 's likely to leave you with a feeling of déjà vu .
Otherwise , the move shows evidence of Allen 's late-career bad habits : The script plays like an unedited rough draft , or the work of someone who no longer has anyone to tell him he needs to try harder .
The film pounds away at its metaphors : you get the carousel going round and round and the Wonder Wheel ride outside the family 's apartment spinning endlessly . Do we need two symbols of someone being in a rut ?
This is another earnest , stylish , deeply observant late work from Allen , with only subliminal appearances from the jokey humor that made him a marquee star .
Solid performances ca n't overcome an anemic plot that 's void of any sympathetic characters .
-LSB- A -RSB- well-acted , yet pointless and , most disappointingly , dull tale of lust .
Line to line , `` Wonder Wheel '' clunks and groans .
-LSB- Woody -RSB- Allen , however , strands Kate Winslet with -LSB- Jim -RSB- Belushi and Justin Timberlake . Neither is her imaginative equal nor do they hold her attention .
As is the case with most of Allen 's films in the last 25 years or so , the script plays like a first draft , with the characters spouting stilted dialogue you 'd never use in conversation , much less ever say out loud .
The dialogue is agony . Winslet is given some especial doozies to deliver with a straight face .
A very sloppy piece of work , apart from the cinematography , which is pretty , and the Mills Brothers songs , which are fantastic .
`` Wonder Wheel '' will strike fans as an embarrassment and doubters as further evidence of decline - proof of Allen 's lack of interest or engagement in a world beyond his shrinking artistic comfort zone .
Storaro 's innovative cinematography and dynamic visual flourishes are squandered in the service of Allen 's exhausted , predictable peccadilloes .
Even without the Allen creep factor or the off-tone lines , Wonder Wheel is an exaggerated jumble . Everything feels more artificial than his usual work and that 's saying a lot for an Allen movie .
A cinematic disaster that makes The Room look like Citizen Kane . Fuhgeddaboudit !
Then again , there is something artificial , or at least heightened and operatic , about the entire movie - the sets , the colors , the situations , the performers .
Simmering , yet stilted melodrama , filled with bittersweet nostalgia and a terrific soundtrack .
Say what you will about Wonder Wheel , but it remains committed to tragedy and melodrama with a self-awareness so in-your-face , it mitigates some of the 1950 's Coney Island-set relationship drama 's irritating aspects
It refuses to find a focus , almost as if it 's been on its own Ferris wheel and is dizzy with misdirection and indecision .
-LSB- Woody Allen 's -RSB- new movie is one of his better efforts of late , despite being one of the darkest .
So it goes for Wonder Wheel , an uneven drama-comedy which often looks stunning and emotes with great clarity . But not always at the same time .
I 'd put Wonder Wheel near the bottom of Allen 's abundant filmography . The story is n't very good and it leaves a bad aftertaste when it 's done . I 'd call that a double whammy of badness .
All hokum . All window dressing for a limp , underwhelming , irritating soap opera .
I ca n't think of another celebrated director whose dialogue sounds so written , whose class and dramatic conceits betray such total sequestration from any observable world , whose human observations so utterly fail to bear scrutiny off the screen .
That title belongs to Winslet , whose shrill , over-the-top hysteria belongs more on stage , where you need to project , than on film .
Even die-hard fans of Woody Allen should be perplexed .
It 's just a bad movie ; a flat melodrama in which some lovely camerawork and a ferocious central performance from Winslet ca n't conceal the rote tiredness of it all .
I 've often written that even on a bad day , Woody Allen is better than everybody else on Sunday . This is true again of Wonder Wheel .
seesaws between naturalism and playing to the rafters .
Woody Allen 's most unpleasant film .
Hardly a groundbreaking picture , but it 's worth seeking out for Kate Winslet 's undeniable performance and the beautiful cinematography .
Rather than loose , the ensemble often seems underrehearsed , and too many of Winslet 's lines have little impact .
That 's what 's missing from the movie : pleasure . Allen is apparently trying to channel Eugene O'Neill in his portrayal of this forlorn family , but Wonder Wheel is no Long Day 's Journey Into Night . It 's not even long ; it just feels that way
This is sophisticated filmmaking , but so what ? Wonder Wheel is magical in a superficial way ; it has a surface beauty that ca n't disguise the material 's basic banality and ugliness-or the feeling that we 've seen it all before .
A fresh Woody Allen movie arrives practically every year like clockwork . Some are good - most are middling . Being prolific is n't a crime , but with Allen , what you often get are retreads dolled up to look brand-new .
Wonder Wheel is inert and stagey , cheap and fake-looking , while also boasting one of the worst performances we 've ever seen from Kate Winslet .
Woody 's Allen 's period drama feels more like a stage play than a film - its claustrophobic atmosphere can be stifling . But Kate Winslet is a bonfire that burns through every scene .
`` Wonder Wheel '' is not an A-list entry for Woody but it does get him on base .
... a slight and innocuous effort that lacks the wit and sophistication of his better works .
Adult themes in heavy but beautifully filmed drama .
Too declamatory , and too often punctuated by hackneyed dialogue , for me .
Visually striking - one of Woody 's better recent efforts .
Though contrived , ` Wonder Wheel ' has stunning color and Kate Winslet as pluses .
The actors do their best to bring the characters to life , but can not do much with a repetitive , underwritten script and sour , dreary tone .
The real tragedy is that not every film from Allen is as good as `` Wonder Wheel . ''
Wonder Wheel is n't merely a bad movie but a laughable one .
Despite a stunning performance by Winslet and some beautiful cinematography by Vittorio Storaro , Wonder Wheel loses its charms quickly and you 'll soon be begging to get off this particular ride .
Allen is clearly coasting here ...
`` Wonder Wheel '' does n't quite reach those heights , but it is always exceptionally watchable .
`` Oh god , spare me the bad drama , '' a character in Woody Allen 's `` Wonder Wheel '' implores . Would that we could be so fortunate .
For years , the writer-director has returned to the nostalgia-soaked New York of his youth . But in his latest - the turgid , inert Wonder Wheel - he 's moving in place as lazily as the Coney Island Ferris wheel of the title .
`` Wonder Wheel '' is n't one of Allen 's worst , but it 's definitely a third-tier effort .
Mr. Allen certainly keeps you busy with all these colors , tones , influences , complications , stereotypes and histrionics , but to little end .
It 's probably the wrong time to release a movie where a victim of domestic violence is the one whom you 're going to demonize .
A Woody Allen disaster that elicits both a cocked head and a dropped jaw .
It might be time for Woody Allen to call it a day .
Allen plunges into an area he does n't often go , a full on sweating tragedy . While the results are mixed , fans of the filmmaker will find this latest work worth a spin .
Though there are moments of brightness , the movie 's a slog , with a central conceit that feels more like a sophomoric film school exercise than the work of an established writer-director .
The elements do not meld organically , feeling self-conscious and calculated instead .
Winslet is terrific , with a big , emotional , awards-bait scene at the end . Allen , meanwhile , does an expert job of recreating the old , long-gone Coney , the real New York locations helped along by some digital trickery .
`` Wonder Wheel '' is a fiercely brave deep-dive into Allen 's late-life psyche - a rare glimpse at a singular artist in unexpected transition
Woody Allen 's BLUE JASMINE and now WONDER WHEEL explore his obsession that women are Judases , harming the people closest to them .
Like that giant metaphorical carousel looming over them , it 's a movie that 's spinning its wheels .
With no drive and no pressing urgency to really dig into , it 's abundantly clear we 've reached the bottom of Allen 's drawer of ideas -LRB- yes , this is a real thing -RRB- .
The film is fine , romantically lit and beautifully shot -LRB- like many Allen films -RRB- , but is n't nearly effective as , say , Allen 's last great film -- Blue Jasmine .
... Kate Winslet in one of the best works of her estimable career ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Woody Allen 's worst movie ever .
Though there are comic moments , this is a serious drama exploring themes of family , marriage , crime and especially the frustrations of aging .
Although Wonder Wheel may feel like it 's supposed to be some sort of confessional art , an apology and an apologia for his past sins-justifying and indicting himself-Woody Allen keeps letting himself off the hook .
If Wonder Wheel ended with the reveal that everything we 'd just watched was the first draft of a bad play by Timberlake 's lifeguard , perhaps you could call it a success .
Neither Allen 's best movie nor his worst , although it 's probably a stronger than his last few , mainly due to Winslet 's fabulousness .
I 'm not sure why we need a Coney Island that looks like Bertolucci 's The Conformist , but somehow it works , providing a level of visual interest that fascinates even when the dramatic interest lags .
Kate Winslet is by turns hilarious and heart-breaking in the role , delivering one of the finest performances of her career , worthy of an eighth Oscar nomination .
What 's getting in the way is Allen 's stilted , hoary script ...
It would be going too far to say Wonder Wheel is an instant Woody Allen classic , but it 's a reminder that he 's still a force to be reckoned with and a great director of actresses especially .
Allen is , by all appearances , still filming first drafts , full of placeholder scenes and dialogue in sore need of polish , and releasing first cuts , full of narrative dead-ends and scenes that do n't work .
Woody Allen 's latest is shallow and distancing despite its stunning craftsmanship .
Perhaps it 's that -LSB- Woody -RSB- Allen does n't think people can really transcend anything ever . He does n't have a tragic writer 's temperament .
Storaro 's cinematography is incredible and Winslet might just give the performance of her career in `` Wonder Wheel . ''
The tone throughout vacillates wildly from silly comedy to classic Hollywood melodrama , and all of it feels as artificial and unsatisfying as the cotton candy twirling in a vending cart .
If there 's a thread that keeps this cloth together it 's Kate Winslet 's scintillating and lucent performance .
A terrific , dark look at nostalgia .
Say what you want about the storyteller , but the stories speak for themselves , and Wonder Wheel proves they still have a lot to say .
Like Winslet 's character , Allen is stuck in the past and Wonder Wheel is a crushing reminder of his present .
It 's got movement and flow , it 's got a vibrant sunset look of honky-tonk nostalgia , and it 's got a bittersweet mood of lyrical despair that the film stays true to right up until the final note .
The warming affection that the director has bestowed on so many of his best characters is largely missing . In fact , he seems barely engaged .
Too distant and remote from his characters to make them live for us or to make us care for them .
It 's impossible to watch `` Wonder Wheel '' without letting Allen himself and the current response to Harvey Weinstein not color the -LRB- absolutely gorgeous -RRB- viewing experience .

@highlight

Wonder Wheel gathers a charming cast in an inviting period setting , but they are n't enough to consistently breathe life into a Woody Allen project that never quite comes together .