A lovely homage to haunted house cinema -- and a very crafty ghost story in its own right .
It 's hard to dislike a film that has so much fun with the idea that for isolated teens , every day is like Sunday .
A good performance from Breslin keeps tension alive , but hope for a really scary and inventive fright dies screaming in the basement .
Though -LSB- Natali 's -RSB- haunted-house tale ultimately lacks the strong storytelling its high concept calls for , it still compels with its ambition , occasional eloquence , and heart-in-the-right - place vibe .
A tightly wound slow-burn ghost story that blends the best elements of the genre ... could have certainly held its own in theaters with a little positive word of mouth .
Inspiration seems to come from Groundhog Day , Beetlejuice and even The Shining .
Without distraction , attention can drift to the poor , cheesy lo-fi effects , which look as shifty as they did in Natali 's ` Cypher , ' but without the relentlessly nutty plot twists that jerk us merrily around .
... Natali 's weakest film since 2003 's Nothing ...
Haunter is n't an extraordinary ghost tale , but it 's got a nice lyrical blend of fear , gloom , and unsettling evil moments ...
`` Haunter '' offers a freaky , visceral experience - without a hint of gore .
A dull , confusing movie for which nobody bothered to provide a script .
A very entertaining amalgam of `` The Others '' and `` Amityville Horror '' ...
Never completely loses the viewer 's interest , but the edgy , enigmatic would-be momentum goes slack in the second half as the slim plot extends to 97 minutes when 80 would have made for a tauter experience .
Cult director Vincenzo Natali -LRB- Cube , Splice -RRB- has come up with an unusual , refreshing take on a typical ghost story .
`` Haunter '' has a solid setup , but the further Natali and King coax you into their labyrinth , the harder it becomes to appreciate what initially made their film so promising .
The plot spirals into increasing fuzziness ...
Lifted by the sepulchral Stephen McHattie as Lisa 's nemesis , the film 's frazzled thought experiment becomes an adequate yarn .
The occasionally intriguing , but ultimately middling Haunter is caught in some kind of gauzy haunted-house purgatory between a girl-powered YA story and a ghostly serial-killer mystery .
Regrettably , while Haunter is initially intriguing ... it soon proves incapable of unraveling its conceit , except through excessively convoluted means .
Has an elegance roughly on par with a Goosebumps novel , refusing to follow its own contradictory rules and barely sustaining a pretense of internal logic .
anchored by a game performance by young Breslin , who deserves much , much better than this .
Abigail Breslin is effective enough to generate a rooting interest in the plucky protagonist of the piece , and to sustain interest when narrative logic turns fuzzy .
Clever haunted-house pic will please more than hardcore fright fans .
Vincenzo Natali emphasizes technically impressive shots in the service of predictable , boring expository beats , at the expense of elaborating on his main character 's growing feelings of isolation and torment .
Deft direction , strong performances , and an absorbing story elevate Haunter to the status of one of the better ` family ' horror films of recent years .
Haunter is a step down for director Vincenzo Natali , but yet another step up for Abigail Breslin , who continues to prove herself as a leading lady .
It 's a puzzling , beautifully constructed reverse ghost story that shows Natali is unafraid to push the envelope regardless of the genre .
the clever ideas quickly give way to a more straightforward - and therefore less satisfying - battle between good and evil -LRB- resolved explicitly in terms of heaven and hell -RRB- .
Clever , unexpected , and elevated by an engaging leading lady performance from Abigail Breslin . It 's also convoluted as hell .
Haunter continues the close-but-no-cigar tradition of Natali 's post-Cube endeavors .
The biggest pleasures here come from how thought-through and rigorous this weird little universe is ; how Natali and King commit fully to their story and follow it through to a satisfying conclusion .
We 're all for `` deliberate pacing , '' but this is better described as `` patience testing . '' None of the spark or verve that is present in Natali 's other films is present here . It 's as dusty as a Victorian ghost story without any of the actual scares .

@highlight

Haunter 's premise is intriguing enough , though the film 's too low budget to truly pull it off .