If you want to know how Skynet might really have been born , you need to watch Computer Chess . And if you just want to hang out with some groovy nerds who are debating the Singularity , you can come for that too .
The movie seems like something retrieved from a thirty-five-year-old time capsule , which , in terms of the speed of technological change over that period , might have been light years away .
It 's the type of film that introduces a type of funny that you did n't know existed , that is n't based in popular culture or punchlines or pratfalls or virtually anything that we 've seen before .
Those weird elements do n't take over the film , but they certainly make it a more delirious experience . It helps , though , that it 's still grounded by real-feeling characters and an offbeat , low-key sense of humor .
Might bore viewers like myself who are not chess or techie knowledgeable .
Strange , hilarious and curiously moving .
As much as it is comedy , Computer Chess is also a treatise on isolation , social hierarchy and the crippling male fear of inadequacy
I really do n't know what to think of this movie . It did not do much for me . It was neither interesting nor compelling . A number of ideas are brought up , but I could not see that they go anywhere .
Think vintage found footage meets wilfully anachronistic dot matrix art . And then think way , way outside the box .
Odd , but in a good -LRB- ish -RRB- way .
The code for the future has already been written - and as Bujalski seeks to discover who we are and where we come from -LRB- not just as wired-in 21st-century users but as human beings -RRB- , it 's checkmate in 12 hilariously unorthodox moves .
Computer Chess will fill you full of nostalgia for the analogue era , which is quite a feat in this pristine , HD-obsessed world .
Like early Cronenberg , but funnier and sweeter , Computer Chess brings a dysfunctional , pioneering community to life . Bujalski must do a sequel .
A fascinating , genuinely strange and experimental film .
Director Andrew Bujalski 's archly low-tech and improvised comedies can have a richly chortling edge and a nicely crude virtuosity and collegiate intelligence and warmth .
Its hilarious yet sombre approach harks back to the world of Hal Hartley , whilst creating a wholly original and at times perplexing incarnation of American indie cinema .
This is a philosophical comedy as dense and complex as any programming algorithm .
The spirit of Altman returns ! A film to study , pick apart , discuss and debate .
A winning mix of deadpan comedy , retro stylings and escalating insanity .
Sourcing archival , analogue vacuum tube-based video cameras , Bujalski and cinematographer Matthias Grunsky deliver a work that really looks and sounds as if it belongs to another time .
It 's fashionable to dismiss mumblecore as prone to obtuseness , but Bujalski offers a wryly funny slice of nerd-vana .
Entirely original and unprecedented -- a formalist coup that is at once visionary and retro , thoughtful and hilarious .
Computer Chess will make you scratch your head and wonder what it 's up to - but there 's no doubt you 'll never have seen a film quite like it .
Dryly humorous and wonderfully weird , this is a preternaturally mundane evocation of early 80s nerdery and an almost scary peek at the history of AI .
Shot in archaic black-and-white video , Bujalski 's weird , sly period film is highly entertaining both as ensemble comedy and an off-the-wall head trip .
Computer Chess is one of the most original and satisfying movies I 've seen in ages .
Bujalski gives us a glitchy , geeky 80s Marienbad populated by sex addicts and lolcats , with results that are both funny ha ha , and the other kind .
In the end , you simply wish the characters -LRB- and the actors -RRB- were in a more subtle and focused film . `` Computer Chess '' plays a risky game . Unfortunately , it loses .
A supremely intelligent , beautifully constructed film , interweaving comedy and character , satire and subtext
Throw in the bad haircuts , clip-on ties , and some earnest theorizing about the possible uses of these new machines and you have what is apparently meant to be a dry satire .
It becomes something that 's hard to decipher ; hard to put into words in a review . That 's a good thing .
A breakthrough -- not just for indie writer-director Andrew Bujalski , but for American movie comedy .
Arguably boring topics like programming do n't have to yield boring films , and Computer Chess makes Ashton Kutcher 's recent , uneven Jobs look like a classic .
... a movie of wry simplicity that has been subjected to all sorts of avant-garde tinkering .
It 's idiosyncratic , actively noncommercial , and does n't follow the rules -- like playing a game of chess on a board with no squares .
Computer Chess is packed with characters both specific to the tournament and familiar to anyone who has ever attended any sort of convention . You will recognize everyone 's haircut from your 1981 yearbooks .
`` Computer Chess '' is open to many interpretations , and it 's great that Bujalski does n't explain any of them . In a summer filled with numbingly repetitive entertainment , here 's an extraordinary movie that invites viewers to think .
One of the year 's most creative and inventive movies .
A low-budget film keenly attuned to the weird little behaviors human beings unsuccessfully hide from each other .
It 's impossible not to see `` Computer Chess '' as both a humble , low-fi ode to evanescence and the deceptively cute baby picture of the digital disrupters who will soon bestride the Earth .
A shambling , Altmanesque ensemble comedy .
Chess appears to mistake stasis for subversion , leaving the material 's quest to depict programming authenticity admirable , but hardly enough to fill out an entire film .
You need no particular knowledge or affection for the game of kings to appreciate the whimsy of `` Computer Chess . ''
It approaches its subjects not with the gleeful , madcap hilarity of a Christopher Guest mockumentary -LRB- `` Best in Show , '' `` A Mighty Wind '' -RRB- , but with the calculated precision of lines of code .
In a summer filled with numbingly repetitive entertainments , here 's an extraordinary movie that invites viewers to think .
Bujalski is having fun with Night of the Living Dead , on a community-access palette . But I also ca n't think of another director who 's come closer to capturing how antique technology would dream about us .
Presenting itself as a sort of found-footage movie for geeks , this amusing and thoughtful oddity by writer-director-editor Andrew Bujalski is upfront in form but more stealth in content and intent .
Bujalski is n't playing at Christopher Guest-like caricature . Instead of mocking this eccentric group , he climbs right inside their anxieties and ambitions .
A deadpan mock-documentary about an early - '80s gathering of programming nerds , arguing about AI and predictive algorithms and showing off questionable fashion choices and facial hair .
Bujalski does n't give us enough in the way of story or characters , and `` Computer Chess '' eventually seems to just fade away ; one of those movies , perhaps , that was more fun to make than it is to watch .
Watching `` Computer Chess '' is like opening an ancient Altair 8800 to peer at the tiny people inside .
The sparks almost fly in this slow and tedious look at the , well , slow and tedious side of computers .
Sneakily , the best science-fiction film of the summer .
The film is very much in the vein of `` Mad Men '' , laughing at the silly clothes and life-style of a past generation . Foolishly , I went expecting it to be an exploration of how computers became so good at chess .
The attention that the writer/director -LSB- Andrew Bujalski -RSB- gives to the look and feel of `` Computer Chess '' perfectly captures the day .
Yesterday 's high tech looks awfully low in this mumblecore comedy
This profound , peculiar work of genius , this half-comic portrait of the present in embryo within the past , reverberates with hidden meanings and a questing intelligence .
A punitively dull chunk of quirk that is about , and feels like , being stuck in a motel with a gaggle of programming nerds for a weekend .
Computer Chess is about the dawn - one of many , but that 's another story - of the tech revolution . It 's also a reminder that you do n't need state-of-the-art toys to make a formally playful comedy about man versus machine .
Bujalski has a fantastic eye . The movie was shot in black and white with '70s video cameras , and could easily be mistaken for a documentary .
As an achievement , `` Computer Chess '' is laudable . As a film , it 's missable .
This black and white , academically formatted comedy is like a retro , existential soap opera where nerds already puzzling out the machine vs. human paradox are totally flummoxed by a group of outwardly sexual new agers .
The comedy of missed cues and social misdirection is a universal one , and there are a few more mainstream gags that connect reliably , from missed room reservations to run-ins with a human-potential convention .
Artificial intelligence remains an intoxicating theory and a heady possibility , about which I am hardly qualified to speak . But I do know real filmmaking intelligence when I see it .
Teases out unanswered existential and behavioral questions about mankind 's curious obsession with artificial intelligence and automation .
It 's the year 's most singular and adventurous movie to date , to the point where it feels not so much original-a word that conveys a strong sense of craft-as it does `` isolated , '' as in a mutant strain of a virus .
Computer Chess may seem like a novelty item , but it 's that and more , accumulating insight and substance without ever losing the fun of being a lark .
Refreshingly weird , drolly satirical and provocative . Its style becomes part of its substance .
An endearingly nutty , proudly analog tribute to the ultra-nerdy innovators of yesteryear , this quasi-mockumentary is easy to admire in spirit even when its haphazard construction practically defines hit-or-miss .
`` Computer Chess '' echoes Bujalski 's preceding efforts by investigating the pratfalls of miscommunication in continuing deadpan fashion . The shift in this case involves taking that idea to its logical , hilarious extreme of man versus machine .
Bujalski ... brings the designs and fashions of the time-and , even better , its moods and ideas-cleverly and joyfully back to life .
A movie which sits at the nexus between spoken and written language , the latter mostly of the programming variety .
That random quality and the deadpan awkwardness of the main characters gives the whole thing a comic quality , but Computer Chess is sneakily observant and surprisingly resonant .
It wo n't be to everyone 's taste , for sure - this is no War Games-style pop comedy . But as an act of cultural archaeology I can think of few better .
a dreamy , daffy tale about humongous computers playing chess against one another
The film is likely to confound viewers , but it 's also a bizarre and fascinating retrograde portrait of an eccentric people and a faraway time .

@highlight

With its delightfully retro production design , Computer Chess is an inventive , intelligent , and humorous comedy that celebrates the eccentricity and uniqueness of its subject .