An original feature about tolerance and understanding that just happens to have ghosts , zombies , a vengeful witch , and some of the most gorgeous stop-motion work I 've seen in a while .
It 's very , very . It 's nice to see a stop motion film .
ParaNorman is just plain fun .
ParaNorman is a fun and rather sweet film which will subtly delight pop culturists and which asks some gentle questions about human nature .
By placing weighty , real world lessons aimed at kids in this specific cinematic world , the gloominess is only intensified .
Brings with it a very relevant and important moral that bears pondering by fans .
Sweet , morbid , funny , clever , and occasionally brilliant .
It 's sort of like what The Goonies might 've been , had The Goonies been beautifully animated and not terrible .
ParaNorman treats its viewers with respect , and is all the more wonderful for it .
The thrilling finale is a terrific blend of heartfelt emotion , surreal visuals and inventive ghostly spectacle , and the film 's timeless message is put across in wonderfully ghoulish and surprising ways .
Is there such a thing as a gateway drug for horror films ? If so , ParaNorman might be just the ticket .
-LSB- C -RSB- inema is nothing if not a fluid creature that has the power to affect us based on any number of variables . The climactic action sequence of ParaNorman is too busy from a visual standpoint , but its message shines loud and clear .
I ca n't imagine any kid who enjoys Halloween -LRB- I mean the holiday , not the movie -RRB- not being delighted by ParaNorman .
The only thing animated about it is the animation , which is so spectacular that you begrudge the script for not being equally inspired .
PARANORMAN is ambitious and inventive , marvelously conceived , but the bulk of its value lies within the movie 's open-minded philosophy .
Movies that set themselves firmly against bullying are great , but ones that play to horror fans are even better .
An extremely strange blend of genres and styles , ParaNorman somehow manages to pull it off ... sort of .
Kids who can handle the bumps should find much to love in this beautifully animated ramshackle parcel , one that 's packed full of detail , humour and positive messages .
ParaNorman is style , substance , -LSB- delicious -RSB- brains and a huge -LSB- cold dead -RSB- heart .
ParaNorman demonstrates - as did films such as Coraline , The Corpse Bride , Wallace & Gromit and The Nightmare Before Christmas - that stop-motion animation has a texture and warmth that ca n't -LRB- yet ! -RRB- be replicated by computer .
I still liked ParaNorman and it deserves to be seen for its wit and the work of its passionate animators .
Bristling with energy , here 's a delectable 3D film that 's inventive , funny , devilishly ghoulish , loaded with splendid effects and a heartfelt story at its core
Funny , frightening , exciting and extremely thoughtful about the nature of the conflict at the core of the film , ParaNorman is a standout feature animation .
Norman -LRB- Kodi Smit-McPhee -RRB- loves zombie movies , monster movies , and all other kinds of movies about dead people , the grosser and gooier the better .
The inner horror fan is accessed via the child inside in this quirky stop-motion animation treat
Like its hero , this smart , funny and beautifully animated film achieves great things by daring to be different .
Charming stop-motion lumps chase a witch
For moviegoers who tend to look down their nose at horror films , ParaNorman offers proof positive that the genre that gets us screaming can also have real substance .
... this is truly edgy for children 's fare .
It 's probably a tad too scary for really small humans , but anyone from seven upwards will find ParaNorman 's adventures firmly stick in their braaaiiinnns .
Paranorman proves that Laika Entertainment has some great talent , great ideas , and a bright future telling dark tales about uplifting and insightful life lessons .
Dismal , yet profound and pungent ... -LSB- M -RSB- ake -LSB- s -RSB- its points in ways more sharp and brutal than other ` children 's ' films ...
A savvy , intelligent , well-crafted animated horror comedy for kids should also appeal to adult horror fans as well .
All right ! This is how I like my animated kids ' movies -- intelligent , funny , and scary enough to keep you up at night .
... not so much creepy as simply unpleasant ...
A kids ' film horror fans can sink their teeth into ...
Kids will be very frightened and then end up sympathetic to zombies .
An exceptional Amblin film made for that slightly weird kid with the Nightmare Before Christmas lunch-box and the disconnected snark .
Anyone who 's robust enough to enjoy Roald Dahl will surely appreciate ParaNorman 's playfully PG undead action .
A few decent gags are not enough to keep this 3D stop-motion film alive .
There 's no meat on the bone of this skeleton . Witty and fast-paced , sure , but the film lacks substance .
The main plot - about combating a witch 's curse - is less fun than the gothic gags on the margins .
One of the most original films of the year .
ParaNorman confirms that Laika is an animation studio worth watching out for . As with Coraline , they 've crafted a film that truly respects its young audience
It 's an engaging entertainment , with a solidly constructed storyline .
It 's fun but a light on plot and not quite funny enough .
Tweens , rather than children , will savour its snarky bite , although like the shambling on-screen cadavers , the story needed a bit more meat on its bones .
I certainly would n't go so far as to call it a bad movie , it 's just a movie that could have used a little improvement in the story department .
Gorgeously animated and beautifully designed , this is an entertaining adventure with strong characters , a handful of very funny gags and an important central message ...
Like Monster House , this animated feature taps into horror movie history to tell a story that 's both genuinely creepy and a lot of fun
Co-directors Sam Fell and Chris Butler will please a broad crowd , striking a consistent balance between morbid slapstick and fabulously droll wit .
It 's rather gross in parts and a bit scary , but kids aged about eight and up will love its dark , ingenious humour and impressive stop-motion animation .
Ghoulish ? Yes . Funny ? You bet .
The result is never dull , does n't overplay the peril , and respects the art of stop-motion so there is always something interesting going on visually .
Ingenious and wonderfully detailed , though better in its imaginative horror than its slightly too-broad comic knockabout .
Unequivocally original with breathtaking stop-motion animation -LRB- stay to the end of the credits for a very brief demo of Norman 's creation -RRB- , `` ParaNorman '' is easily the best animated film of the year .
Gorgeous animation and inspired set design help patch over a lacklustre script .
Incredible animation unfortunately paired with a preachy , recycled story and unpleasant character design .
Paranorman has a unique look that 's equal parts old school and cutting edge .
Stories about real heroes of this kind are very rare in movies today , but this is one of those rare stories , and it is to be cherished .
The impoverished story line and murky amber tone make for a slightly depressing experience .
The film avoids the pandering of many animated features , bringing an acerbic edge and a thrilling intelligence to its story .
A sumptuously rendered and freakishly fun monster story for kids that should have been saved for Halloween .
... contains an appealing hero for kids and provides a nostalgic kick for adults .
Good stop action animation but the storyline and characters all have a been there done that feel .
Rankin/Bass never made me feel so detached .
Quite probably the most sophisticated stop-motion feature ever made .
-LSB- A -RSB- clear-headed and touching film about finding your own purpose , accepting others as they are and , most importantly , forgiveness .
ParaNorman is created with stop-motion animation rather than computer animation , and so it has a much warmer more organic feel ... It 's almost as if the textures and tone make the story spookier .
The look of the film is great , and the anti-bullying message works . This would be a fantastic introduction to scary movies for the kids .
`` ParaNorman '' took a huge risk on a scarier concept , and it paid off enormously .
I appreciate any flick that so capably merges survival horror with throwbacks to '50s B-movies .
Comes so damned close to perfection that many will be willing to overlook its obvious flaws . And that 's great .
Might be described as the little brother of its predecessor from 2009 , ` Coraline . ' It 's ruder , rowdier , somewhat dumber and a good deal more gross and obvious than its sister ; but smarter and more likable than the average movie .
balances visual wit and genre reification with genuine pathos and generous humor
A genuine emotional core at the heart of this glum young outsider 's world . Especially as to just how otherworldly adults can seem in a solidly cartoonish universe from the ground up , and all those magnified bulging bellies and backsides surrounding him .
An inventive and visually engaging melange of Coraline , Monster House and A Nightmare Before Christmas that , its own small way , is also a salvo against modern-day sociocultural nastiness .
If it stumbles a bit , it 's during an ending where the movie over-explains its themes , but that ending is also surprisingly emotional - and the multimedia animation technique and subtle use of 3D are pretty remarkable .
Visually vibrant animation and terrific use of 3-D .
`` ParaNorman '' is brilliantly animated with an amazing cast and clever writing . It 's the animated film horror fans have been waiting for and the one `` Frankenweenie '' is probably aiming to be .
In the wake of toon hits like Brave and the Ice Age & Madagascar sequels , this charming and often very funny piece is bound to get lost in the crowd . But in the chance it makes it to Blu-ray/DVD by Halloween , it 's a sound choice to pop into the player .
A smart , contemporary monster movie that does n't talk down to its young or adult audience .
Spooky story about an adolescent medium 's morbid `` Sixth-Sense '' encounters ... perhaps it should be PG-10 , not PG .
the script is smartly written , offering plenty of loving jabs to the horror genre ... It 's heart 's in the right place , even if that place happens to be outside of its ribcage
-LSB- T -RSB- he animation is divine . Highly detailed , purposefully designed , imaginatively executed , it is more vivid that reality itself , delighting in imperfections and sight-gags while also attaining heights of pure terror and from the most unexpected sources
-LSB- A -RSB- darkly charming , at times forlorn , snarky little movie that both kids and their wised-up parents will love .
Gleefully twisted fairytale about a small medium with large problems . If only the script were as deeply textured as the beautiful stop-motion animation .
A thoroughly delightful movie that will entertain kids and adult horror buffs alike .
For a movie grounded in fear , ParaNorman stands out as a movie for audiences young and old that 's truly fearless .
The originality of the script saves the experience , along with widescreen splendor , but there 's a lot about ParaNorman that 's unsettling , and it 's not all tied to the boy 's interest in gore and ghostly pals .
Cool-but-creepy monster flick is too scary for little kids .
What 's truly marvelous about the stop-motion fantasia ParaNorman is the way it acknowledges adolescence as a daily horror show .
I admire its character and production design , which achieve the kind of look that sets stop-motion animation apart from CGI .
Stop-motion ` ParaNorman ' As Ghoul As It Gets .
The folks at Laika seem to be making an art form out of good-naturedly scaring the Underoos off of pint-sized viewers while simultaneously delighting their parents .
From a visual standpoint , ParaNorman has set the bar for stop-action animation .
Good movie but a horror movie for children ought to be more fun . Kids also like creepy and missing is that nice dash of the willies they love so much .
The emotions -LSB- the film -RSB- raises are quite complex and mature and ParaNorman handles them in a refreshingly unironic fashion .
Norman 's world is a visual and technical marvel , but the plot drags down in elongated chase sequences and a third act fizzle .
A clear and solidly entertaining effort from start to finish . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
For the most part , it 's a brisk , funny and engaging movie that does genuinely exciting things with little bits of string and wire and such .
`` ParaNorman '' is never less than entertaining , but you 'll have to follow it into a strange purgatory between two opposing genres .
If the story lacks the consistent psychological depth of Coraline , another tale of an outcast finding solace in a parallel world , amends are made during the lovely climax .
Chances are most kids , and most adults , will find `` Paranorman '' perfectly horrible in the best possible way .
Employs stop-motion animation to provide hand-crafted appeal to the clever and surprisingly scary story of a Massachusetts town whose witch-hunting past catches up with it on its 300th anniversary .
A colorfully macabre stop-motion animation comedy that embraces the sociopolitical allegories of George A. Romero 's zombie pictures and reworks them into a feature-length episode of `` Scooby-Doo . ''
It celebrates the gothic outsider in familiar fashion , though it does so with a wisdom and gentleness that Burton seems to have lost .
easily the most ambitious and creative animated film this year .
Simply put , it is no less than the most confident , fully realized , and just plain imaginative stop-motion animated feature since 1993 's holiday classic `` The Nightmare Before Christmas . ''
`` ParaNorman '' expertly balances scary and funny elements of the story , with a surprisingly heartwarming conclusion .
Humor depends on character , context and continuity , none of which is in abundant supply in `` ParaNorman . ''
The world of Blithe Hollow exists in real space . The residents have real bags under their eyes , real bellies at their belt buckles . Ugliness alternates with rapturous beauty ...
blithe and hollow
A morbid film but gleefully so .
It may be the most fun you 'll have with ghosts and zombies all year .
Beginning with a zombie-movie-within-a-zombie-movie , this sweet retro paean to kids who love their monsters also has a message for kids about tolerance and bullying .
An entertaining and visually attractive family-friendly story .
The story , an amusing if not especially fresh tale involving a witch and some Puritans , is principally a vehicle for the movie 's meticulously detailed pictorial beauty , which turns each scene into an occasion for discovery and sometimes delight .
The spirit of great stop-motion animators like George Pal and Ray Harryhausen lives on in ParaNorman , and not just as a ghost : It 's so real you could almost reach out and touch it .
`` ParaNorman '' has plenty of rambunctious thrills to give the kiddies goosebumps , while older connoisseurs of stop-motion animation will appreciate the Laika studio 's inventive visuals .
`` ParaNorman '' finds a way to make this night of the living dead play essentially as a comedy ...
The movie has its moments of dark whimsy and cheeky wit , but most of what it has is body parts .
It is a Herculean task to create a stop-motion film like ParaNorman , so it 's too bad the story and the characters in this adventure tale are so weak .
It 's not just Pixar that kicks ass in animation . There 's magic in ParaNorman , a small miracle in stop-motion 3D from the wizards at Laika .
It 's rare to find a movie brimming with this much talent that finds a way to so consistently kill its own narrative momentum .
ParaNorman , blessed with otherworldly animation , ca n't escape the demons of story .
Laika , the animation outfit behind 2009 's marvelous stop-motion adaptation of Neil Gaiman 's Coraline , scores another one for the dark side with this endearingly sweet and spooky-ookie ode to the living , the dead , and the in-between .
What was the last animated movie you could relate to German expressionist cinema , Alfred Hitchcock , Night of the Living Dead and B-movie horror of the 1950s ? That 's right -- none .
This swell stop-motion animation operates on a wavelength similar to that of Laika 's debut feature , Coraline , with assured character comedy counterbalanced by a solemn sense of macabre wonder .
Comically macabre and beautifully intricate ... destined to become a Halloween perennial .
It 's as slow as a corpse , and half as interesting .
Any misgivings about the plot are eased by the handcrafted visuals . Catch it in 3D if you can .
A really enjoyable Amblin-like adventure comedy that will make for a fantastic Halloween family double feature with The Nightmare Before Christmas .
Not as daringly , disturbingly original as Coraline , but the dialogue and visuals are peppered with wit ... most of the characters are one-dimensional stereotypes drawn without much affection .
If `` ParaNorman '' were a recipe , it would be roughly three parts funny , two parts tender , one part scary and one part sad .
It 's creepy , it 's funny and in spite of its weirdness it resonates with those of us doomed to live our own lives in the real world .
Not only the best animated film of 2012 by a large margin but it 's better than anything that came out last year as well .
Though the narrative is slender , the stop-motion animation is impressive and the concept of a small-town hero original .
It delivers a potent , multipronged fable that touches on meaty themes , from bullying to dealing with death . It also delivers an especially resonant message about not succumbing to a cult of fear .
The quick-witted script and visual puns -LRB- check out Norman 's bedroom -RRB- make this a zombie movie for kids , but one parents can enjoy .
Clever and sweet , funny and spooky ... the best animated movie since Toy Story 3 .
Butler and Fell are diehard fans of the horror genre and they have peppered the film with an endless array of subtle homages and gags .
It 's filled with clever detail , both old-school and state-of-the-art .
The results are breathtakingly chilling , but it 's easy to wonder what heights ParaNorman could have reached by doing one thing that well throughout , instead of 10 things at once , haphazardly .
What works about `` ParaNorman '' is its subtle interweave of the stoical and the heroic .
Beautifully rendered in 3-D stop-motion animation , the film combines ghoulishness and hilarity in a way that suggests Evil Dead 2 for the Nickelodeon set .
It 's a major studio release with the charm and personality of a hand-crafted art project .
As beautifully crafted as any Pixar or Aardman picture and as funny and emotionally satisfying as the best of them ... another Laika triumph .
New supernatural tale from the stop-motion studio behind Coraline is a rollicking good time until its jarringly somber and earnest final act .
Truly , this is one animated film that would work just as well as a live-action movie .
Animation is stunning ... voice cast would n't need to be stellar if the writing were better . Instead , film climaxes with a lengthy sermon on the psychology of bullying . Whee !
In any given year , it would stand as a lovingly crafted animated endeavor made up of equal parts creepiness and caring , mercifully spare in its use of potty humor and pop-culture references . In 2012 , it ranks as one of the year 's best .
An animated marvel ... Oscar worthy .
This is the kind of grim fairy tale , equal parts midnight-movie macabre and family-round-the-hearth compassionate , that scars in all the right ways .
Butler called it `` John Carpenter meets John Hughes , '' and that does just about sum ParaNorman up , though the actual math still feels a little fuzzy .
... if you 're any kind of animation or graphic art fiend or even mild enthusiast , the visuals are sure to stagger you . ParaNorman is an extrasensory delight for sure .
With infinite warmth toward its characters , whip-smart humor and a plea for human compassion that feels especially necessary these days , ParaNorman is a movie worth wrapping yourself up in
Films like this are few and far between - emotional , exciting , and endearing .
The tagline for the film reads `` You Do n't Become a Hero by Being Normal , '' and the film mostly lives up to that assertion , but only up to a point .
-LSB- VIDEO ESSAY -RSB- Fans of Aardman 's handcrafted style of animation will find much to enjoy in this wonderfully stylized stop-motion comedy-horror-thriller ...
ParaNorman , despite some uninspired trailers , is exactly what it wants to be - a family movie that does n't pander , pushing boundaries without being inappropriate .
As a summer movie for the kids : protect your progeny . Nightmares and bedwetting are bad . But teaching your kids to take death casually is just bad parenting .
The story may be thin , but the project , a feat of stop-motion animation , is made with generous care by the same impressive LAIKA studio artists who conjured up the gorgeous Coraline .
ParaNorman is one of the best films of the year , animated or not .
I love that in a summer where some of the biggest and most hyped films have disappointed , a small under-the-radar charmer like ` ParaNorman ' has the ability to surprise completely .
ParaNorman is infectiously charming and just so much damn fun to watch .
Few movies so taken with death have felt so rudely alive as ParaNorman , the latest handcrafted marvel from the stop-motion artists at Laika .
It has its entertaining moments , but this paranormal stop-motion animated comedy-chiller cries out for more activity .
Lacks the creep factor of ` Coraline ' and is also quite juvenile , but boasts downright incredible visuals , an engaging plot , charming characters and more .
A striking marriage of form and content .
-LSB- While ParaNorman -RSB- takes stop-motion animation to an entirely new level ... on -LSB- the -RSB- surface -LSB- it 's -RSB- a beautiful piece of work that 's -LSB- actually -RSB- rotten at its core .
Unlike the polished universe of Pixar 's `` Brave '' or countless other recent CGI efforts , `` ParaNorman '' maintains a delicate , handcrafted look that underscores its ideas .
Solid storytelling , clever humor and incredible craftsmanship and animation skills puts ParaNorman a few steps above the normal kid-friendly fare .

@highlight

Beautifully animated and solidly scripted , ParaNorman will entertain -LRB- and frighten -RRB- older children while providing surprisingly thoughtful fare for their parents .