A hell paradigm - two brain-scrapingly terrible genres are mashed up into one ultimate torment of the soul .
Let 's just hope Kevin James stops pissing on things long enough to realize his film career is already sufficiently soaked .
Movies like `` Zookeeper '' make you hate movies , restaurants , animals , and Earth .
Kevin James ' new comedy Zookeeper may be popular with the kiddos , but slapstick humor and a cookie-cutter storyline doom it for adults .
Give Kevin James this much credit -- the dude leaves it all on the field , even when the movie 's bad .
A high concept-movie falls almost as flat as star Kevin James doing pratfalls .
Does n't belabor its punch lines and it maximizes James ' likeability to a mostly winning result .
The latest in an increasingly long line of misbegotten Kevin James comedies ...
ksanazestamena romantika klise kai afelh hthikoplastika dilhmmata , poy mporeis na problepseis kai na kalyterepseis monos soy , prin kan shkwtheis ap ' ton kanape na pas sthn aithoysa na deis thn tainia
Sometimes a kid 's movie is just a kid 's movie . In the case of Zookeeper , it 's a place where young imaginations go to die .
From the unstoppable Adam Sandler hit factory comes this pleasant , kid-friendly , ultra-formulaic shlub-does-good comedy .
Fans of the sight of James falling over will get a big kick out of Zookeeper , but this deranged comedy will leave everyone else scratching their heads .
It is n't terrible , it 's just dull .
Why is Kevin James a top-billed movie star ? When did this happen ? Why is it happening ?
Kevin James talks to the animals in Adam Sandler-scented rom-com .
Just who will be amused by James mugging and hugging his way into the heart of a good woman -LRB- Rosario Dawson ? In your dreams , Kevin ! -RRB- is a question that simply can not be answered .
With the exception of some nice moments , mainly due to Kevin James ' wholesome and lovable lead , Zookeeper is a flop and should be watched at your own peril .
To produce something as emphatically unfunny as this , the script 's five-man team must have whipped themselves into a state of mutual delusion .
Failing to succeed as a rom-com or a kids ' flick , this feels surprisingly flat with the animals , and Kevin James , never really coming alive .
When you hear the giraffe yelling May Day , right at the beginning of Zookeeper , take heed ; it 's a distress signal that we are about to witness a disaster
Though silly and disposable , the film 's heart and physical comedy make it relatively satisfying .
Zookeeper is a charming and lovably imperfect film .
If a thousand monkeys at a thousand typewriters can produce Shakespeare , then Zookeeper must have been banged out by one primate pecking away at a keyboard between sessions playing on a tire swing .
James is hardly the most versatile performer and his gibbering speeches , pratfalls and slapstick antics are awfully familiar .
I would rather lie on a bed of nails watching Dr Doolittle for a week than see a single reel of Zookeeper again .
The scriptwriters subsitute volume for humour , labouring under the misapprehension that if the animals yell at one another a lot it 'll have us rolling in the aisles .
It is only James , which his intuitive gift for physical comedy and a quirky emotional sincerity , that makes the slog a little less sloggy . Key word : little
If as much money had gone into the screenplay as must have gone into the paying for the star voices we might have ended up with something less mundane .
In which Kevin James yet again proves his absolute unfitness -LRB- in both senses -RRB- for the part of romantic comedy lead .
It 's not quite as bad as expected , but it still makes more jokes out of the male genital region than any film aimed at children ever should .
The odd chuckle aside , this is for the most part lots of lame slapstick and those trademark Kevin James pratfalls .
Though Zookeeper does n't really cast any lingering animal magic , it has enough laughs to keep family audiences engaged during the summer holidays .
While there is something definitely appealing about the idea of Nick Nolte as a gorilla , this never really gets off the ground , thanks to a poorly written script , an unfunny lead , some shocking product placement and a painful lack of laugh-out-loud gags .
I did n't dislike it and reckon children will be amused by the talking animals and impressed by the quality of the effects .
Kevin James is the hero of this `` comedy '' , which boasts five screenwriters and not a single amusing moment .
The comedy premise is confused and underwhelming while the formulaic romance is a waste of the charismatic leads .
It 's made-to-measure holiday fun , without anything unique to it and rather bland animals - apart from Nick Nolte 's Bernie the Gorilla .
Kids will be bored stiff by the protracted romance , while most human adults will find the talking animals witless .
James stays true to type as the downtrodden everyman we 've previously seen him play in Paul Blart : Mall Cop and Grown Ups , but too often falls back on crudely telegraphed slapstick .
If it 's a choice between this and mucking-out duty , pass the shovel .
Everything is so unashamedly sign-posted and predictable that both the comedy and drama pack little impact .
Funniest moments ? The outtakes during the closing credits . I rest my case .
Some sparks of comedy and fun but largely a flat and unrewarding comedy .
I could n't help but wonder who this weird romantic/animal comedy was aimed at when the film gets suffocated by a tedious love chasing travesty that would confuse kids and bore the hell out of enduring adults .
... utterly laughless alleged comedy ...
Kevin James has developed an irresistible screen persona as a nice-guy/underdog , which has served him well in some pretty mediocre films like Paul Blart : Mall Cop . In that context , Zookeeper is a quantum leap forward ...
Should 've been called Hey Kids , Watch A Pudgy Man Take Pratfalls And Act Like An Alpha A ** hole-There 'll Be Talking Animals !
The eighty-million-dollar-blockbuster equivalent of watching your ` wacky ' friend do funny voices over a wildlife documentary .
know , I know , the idea of talking animals is nothing new . But Kevin James helps make the concept funny , at least in spots -LRB- pun intended -RRB- during `` Zookeeper . '' The movie certainly offers up some laughs , and it has a heart for animals as well .
Vaguely misogynistic , ugly-looking , and features product placement so brazen that it would make Michael Bay blush .
Zookeeper is a lighthearted , harmless afternoon at the movies for the hordes of families that will be drawn to it like lions to a straggling zebra . As a casual filmgoer , however , the film 's shortcomings will disappoint .
Because Hollywood Suits need to keep their jobs , they have to make sure that movies about talking animals contain at least the sketchiest framework of a human plot to help everybody pretend that it 's all actually about something .
In the pitch meeting for this movie , someone said , `` I know -- let 's make a movie where animals talk crazy talk . ''
All of it is a truly unpleasant form of time consuming torture .
Zookeeper is just rote . A complete lack of effort by all involved doubles down on the genuine sadness of watching a real talent waste himself .
There are worse movies than Zookeeper . But I did n't see those this week ; I saw Zookeeper . I can honestly say I wish I had n't .
It proves useless and unfunny .
Despite a good moral , it has too much adult-oriented dialogue and situations for children and it 's too stupid for adults .
Nevermind how the animals learned to yak - the real question is who this loud , dull elephant dung is aimed at .
Perhaps the madcap adventures of a love-lorn middle aged man is not exactly kid 's stuff . But it sure is n't for the adults in the audience either .
Should have been more ` Dr. Doolittle ' and less ` How to Win a Woman ''
A steaming pile of excrement .
Truly stupid - except for very young kids . Wait for the dvd .
Leave it to Zoolander to have the foresight to succinctly sum up Zookeeper . In that 2001 comedy , Owen Wilson 's Hansel blares , `` Taste my pain , b **** ! '' - a declaration that Kevin James was directing at me for the duration of this ghastly film 's 100 minutes .
When little kids walk out of a movie called Zookeeper and call it `` stupid , '' you know it must be really bad .
I think there should be a subdivision of the ASPCA -- American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Audiences .
Cher and Sly Stallone as a lion couple ? Quirky voice casting helps Zookeeper rise above its kiddie film trappings - barely .
... having a monkey throw poo on you for an hour and a half would probably be more entertaining than this flick .
Did we mention that things just go better with Kevin James ? Well-trodden comedy hooks become strangely more amusing . Goofball physical shtick elicits broader smiles . The bumblingly stupid is made endearing .
I 'm not gon na sugarcoat this : Movies do n't have to be this bad .
Kevin James has developed an irresistible screen persona as a nice-guy/underdog , which has served him well in some pretty mediocre films like Paul Blart : Mall Cop . In that context , Zookeeper is a quantum leap forward , ...
The movie is all concept and no execution , a few decent lines and a couple of nice sight gags not enough to make even partly worthy of a potential viewer 's time .
It 's Hard to Go Wild for ` Zookeeper '
Will most audiences mind this ? Probably not . Should they ? Of course . They deserve better and frankly , so does Kevin James .
So misconceived it spends more time on its title character 's love life than on his love of animals ...
Unfortunately , nobody had the good sense to call the comedy authorities and shut this Zookeeper down .
A 21st century Dr. Dolittle , Zookeeper is not .
Pointless comedy is a waste of a talented comedic cast .
A dismal family comedy that even the most charitable child should find difficult to endure .
About as fluffy and silly as would be expected .
If you take the talking animals out of it , it would be truly unwatchable . As it is , it 's the work of uncaring hacks and lazy Hollywood players cashing paychecks at the expense of family audiences worldwide . -LRB- Full Content Parental Review also available -RRB-
Offensive to women , men , children , parents , WASPs , Asians , African-Americans , animals and zookeepers ... a movie with no conceivable audience .
It 's just director Frank Coraci deciding that continuity is for saps .
You know I love a movie with talking animals , but Hollywood seems intent on destroying the genre .
James is appealing enough to make it work - just barely .
A children 's comedy about talking animals that feels as if it were written by children or , perhaps , by talking animals .
It 's hard to think of a human finding much to laugh about in this wounded beast .
Casting carries `` Zookeeper '' over its roughest patches . The vocal guest stars are inspired .
Coraci does n't impose much discipline , letting some scenes run wild and others peter out , their punch lines dangling .
This one is strictly for James ' hard-core fans and anyone wishing to witness the sole appearance of the once-mighty MGM lion on a new feature this year .
Little kids - hence the G rating - and those who think poop-tossing is funny will be amused by Zookeeper . The rest of us are better off not feeding the animals .
I do n't know who it 's for , other than people who enjoy making fun of bad movies .
Audiences may be shocked when they discover that only about 40 % of the running time involves scenes of talking animals . That 60 % of PG-rated adult material does not qualify under the mold of ` a little something for the entire family . ' Just mold itself .
Kids may get a few laughs out of the talking animals , but any parent unfortunate enough to have to tag along might want to consider bringing a blindfold and some earplugs to ease the pain .
Yet another slacker no-effort film , with another soundtrack filled with 80 ′ s songs just because that 's the last time producer Sandler listened to the radio .
There is a charming film to be made that casts Rosario Dawson opposite Kevin James , treating them both as free-thinking , interesting , three-dimensional people with legitimate wants , dreams and desires as they fall in love . `` Zookeeper '' is not that movie .
Kevin James is about as funny as Bud Abbott , which is not a compliment .
While kids can enjoy the well-intentioned , duplicitous yapping uncaged creatures , those jaded adults in the audience will likely pass the time turned on by the challenge of the guessing game , matching celeb voices with assigned species in the cast .
Kevin James goes from mall cop to zoo dude , but the results are just as disappointing .
As far as complete wastes of time go , `` Zookeeper '' is not especially offensive .
It 's all very ho-hum , though James , who 's like Jason Alexander with a touch of Jeremy Piven , is still a schmo you ca n't help rooting for .
There 's no `` The '' in the title of the Kevin James comedy `` Zookeeper , '' and that lack of a definitive article pretty well encapsulates the generic fat man follies on display here .
Despite the voice talent , the animals do n't have anything funny to say . Neither does James , serving mostly as a befuddled , clumsy straight man .
There 's little to recommend about Zookeeper , a movie that 's flat , lacking in surprises and very dull .
If you 've been waiting for Hollywood to produce a romantic comedy with a supporting cast made up of talking animals ... well , no , even then , Zookeeper will let you down .
... what I found was something with real warmth , a concern for animal welfare , and , most amazingly , a film that did n't have a single fart or poop joke ...
A comedy whose cliché-embracing stupidity borders on the surrealistic .
`` Zookeeper '' is a dud , even with the ca n't - miss kiddie catnip of talking animals .
The talking animals are wildly child-pleasing , except that much of their talk concerns matters of animal husbandry . Is there such a thing as a hard PG ?
Pushes past banality and onto the surreal plane being staked out by bad movies that are bad in a new and genuinely dispiriting way .
It 's probably time to stop fretting about Kevin James 's movies , and to stop hoping they 'll get better .
Zookeeper is arguably one of the better products of the Adam Sandler Death of Cinema Fun Factory -- but that 's an accomplishment somewhere on par with `` Least Smelly Turd . ''
James can be a funny guy , but the lack of laugh-worthy material in Zookeeper stretches his comedic abilities past the breaking point .
Zookeeper is exactly as loud and sloppy as you expected it to be , livened only occasionally by James and some of his co-stars mugging from inside the muck .
Well-meaning , sort of sweet , but ca n't really get it together : That describes both Kevin James ' character and his new movie , `` Zookeeper . ''
Drags unnecessarily , trying to convince viewers that the human elements of the script have value when all anyone really wants to see is a talking gorilla in a polo shirt .
As a study in insanity , Zookeeper is mildly interesting . But as a kiddie comedy , it 's something to watch only once the little ones have worn out their Dr. Doolittle DVD -LRB- maybe even their Dr. Doolittle 2 DVD , for that matter -RRB- .
Lock the cage and throw away the key . ` Babe ' this is NOT .
Look , a great movie this is not . A pleasant summer entertainment it is .
If a worse movie is released this year , I hope I do n't have to see it .
Ultimately , it 's a marketing pitch in search of a movie that proves punishingly flat , with even the slapstick so sparsely delivered as to replicate a long slog through the zoo , surrounded by fidgety kids , on a suffocating summer 's day .
Beastly comedy for the lowest of brow .
Not even particularly funny or entertaining , it 's as if they tried too hard to make a movie that appeals to everybody , but instead wound up with a movie that will appeal to nobody .
Kevin James ' average-Joe appeal does n't go very far in a film that 's noticeably low on charm or playfulness .
Zookeeper is a surprisingly good time at the movies , or maybe it 's just too hot outside for anything in air-conditioning to disappoint ... It is n't just the heat ; it 's the film 's amiable stupidity .
James hurls himself into this sad scenario with energy and teddy-bear charm that makes him impossible to hate . But it 's easy to hate `` Zookeeper . '' If we could talk to the animals , they 'd probably hate it , too .
The team of five writers , including James , simply fails to provide a narrative that would make us care about what happens next .
Zookeeper is essentially a surreally awful Happy Madison Productions version of Mad Libs .
It 's stupid , then it veers toward the absurd , but with James at its center it remains sort of sweet throughout . You ca n't hate James or the movie ; both are just sort of dopey but well-meaning .



@highlight

Zookeeper smothers Kevin James 's with a sodden script and a surfeit of jokes inappropriate for the young viewers who would be intrigued by its juvenile storyline .