There is only so much you can do with a bare-bones plot featuring little to no character development
If it 's a cheerful chuckle-along that you and your family are after , then Minions certainly fits the bill . Ba-na-nas and all .
There 's nothing memorable about Minions , a problem compounded by -LSB- Sandra -RSB- Bullock 's completely forgettable efforts as Scarlett .
How much more of these yellow , gibberish animated critters can we take ?
Poor Minions . They just want an evil master with a bit of dash . They get depressed easily . I did , too .
Minions is a funny film which will be loved by the kids , with enough winks and nods for adults to be entertained during its very quick and breezy run time .
... the relatively short running time results in a general lack of lulls ...
It 's sometimes aimless , often hilarious and always silly , everything you would expect the minions to be .
The only foreseeable problem with this movie is that parents are going to have to be dealing with wee ones mimicking minion-ese for as long as this franchise shall flourish .
As a film , Minions may not be as clever or heartfelt as the Despicable Me films , but it 's still plenty of fun .
When today 's youth inevitably look back on their favorite tiny , yellow , goggled henchman , they wo n't be thinking of this movie .
The film eventually comes to hint at and vaguely explains the connection between Minions and Despicable Me which holds a certain satisfaction in itself , but this will certainly satisfy minion-fans , if not particularly wow the rest of us .
The colourful 3D animation is as first-rate as you 'd expect , with Coffin and co packing the film with rich sight gags .
There 's no denying the minions are adorable , but they 're strictly for the kids .
This is a hugely enjoyable ride and , with Despicable Me 3 not due until 2017 , provides a welcome fix of Minion-shaped hilarity to see us through till then .
As it is , Minions is one of the summer film highlights and pokes fun at just about everything .
Some gags might be saucy , in a European sort of way , but they 're never crass .
Divorced from the be-thankful-for-family homilies that motivate the ` Despicable Me ' movies , this first solo outing for the lozenge-shaped scene-stealers improves on its predecessors : It 's a Looney loop-de-loop of nonstop funny noises and sight gags .
This third in the animated ` Despicable Me ' series finds the familiar balance between villainy and heroism , silliness and relevance , but it is a bit thinner . As characters , the Minions have a lot of limitations . This is for kids only .
An incessant assault of mindless , mirthful mayhem with enough cultural allusions mixed in to hold the attention of adults , too .
Like many supporting characters , the minions were better in that role : idiotic foils for Despicable Me 's brooding , tormented Gru .
The overall effect is mildly diverting and almost instantly forgettable .
Forget a never ending stream of superheroes or the dredging up of long-dead nostalgia properties ; this is the real death-knell of modern cinema .
Lightly Miniony fun throughout , this Minionish comedy should please fans of general Minionishness who do n't mind the goofiest Mininionesque gags .
The Minions crave a strong parental figure but , as creatures of pure mischief , they do n't need hugs -- and their antics quickly become tiresome .
Minions is a fun backstory for a popular group of sidekicks , but it really should n't extend beyond that . It does a good job with what it has , but it wo n't leave you asking for more .
So much here 's fairly uninspired , lacking depth and detail , or not so zippily zany . Mostly these underlings just underperform .
Without the clever plotting of the first , the presence of the bumbling brilliance of Gru , or a wall-to-wall array of ludicrous jokes , the film almost succumbs to its own ego .
Backing up all the funny Minions antics is one of the best soundtracks ever and some very cute musical numbers .
An idea is only as good as its execution , and after spending three sessions with these characters , one is left with the speculation that some ideas , perhaps , would have been better left as part of a rough draft on the printed page .
Minions is despicable , or maybe it 's just me .
The Minions movie is almost complete nonsense , but it 's good natured , enjoyable nonsense nonetheless .
The most impressively flavorless movie in many a long age .
It keeps most of its modest promises and if its shortcomings stand out , you ca n't say you did n't see them coming .
The script barely acknowledges the apparent contradiction between their adorable innocence and their vocation of evil sycophancy , much less milk it for satire .
Maybe the Minions have simply worn out their welcome , but perhaps they 're just more effective as proper henchmen ... can we have more Gru and the girls ?
enjoyable in all the right ways , is just clever enough to stand apart from its predecessors , and does n't overstay its welcome
If all you need to be entertained is to watch the `` Minions '' run around , you 'll be satisfied with this spinoff/prequel .
Plays at times like a Muppets sketch in which every character is Beaker .
This one burns out after the first half hour .
Too many Minions can lead to overkill .
I got tired of this joke before the movie ended , but I appreciate the gusto with which the filmmakers -- particularly Coffin , with his nimble vocalizations -- carried it out .
It 's a fast-paced 91 minutes that will not leave you longing for Minions , Part II but glad that you sat through this one .
Minions should not get a free pass simply because it 's a `` children 's film . '' It is an insult to both children and film .
Packed with period songs and with a refreshingly unsentimental anarchic vibe , this could have been great . Unfortunately , it is seriously wanting in the villain department .
In its own helter-skelter way , Minions achieves a loony symmetry . It starts with evolution and ends with revolution .
Filled with ridiculous slapstick - which should amuse youngsters until ` Despicable Me 3 ' is released in the summer of 2017 ...
I do n't demand that every children 's movie be the newest , best thing to ever happen to film -LRB- though neither do I assume a children 's movie has to be formulaic and banal -RRB- . Minions , though , is an almost aggressively hollow project .
Brightly colored , inordinately silly , kind of charming , and yes , a bit one-note . Still , you know what you 're getting , and if that 's what you want , here it is .
With its episodic stream of slapstick gags , Minions has moments of piquant absurdity , but mostly its shrill-but-cutesy anarchy works as a visual sugar rush for the preschool set .
Lightweight entertainment that the under-10s will no doubt love , but without the subtext to make it a classic enjoyable by the whole family .
-LSB- The prologue -RSB- is actually a better idea for a story about these characters than the one the movie ultimately gives us .
when saddled with a supervillain who lacks panache , and a story that has so little pizzazz , there is only so much these oblong dynamos can accomplish
While ` Minions ' may lack a lot of the heartwarming depth of its predecessors , this goofy little movie is still a whole lot of fun .
Fittingly , because they 're pill-shaped , the Minions work best in small doses .
There 's plenty of high-velocity comic inanity on display to keep kids happily diverted . But the movie 's major flaw is an extension of its own premise : Search as they may , the minions never find a villain worthy of their subservience .
`` Minions '' is proof that the sidekicks of the `` Despicable Me '' movies are , like most tiny yellow pill-like things , better in measured doses .
They may look like goggle-wearing cartoon versions of the psychrotrophic Paxil , but they do n't ease depression , they just cause it .
This is something craftily designed to sell toys and theme park tickets and special cans of Tic-tacs . But it 's not a movie . It 's an eyesore .
Minions delivers just enough of what people love about the eponymous Despicable Me characters to please their fanbase - but not much else .
A comedy for all ages that stands out from a crowded genre . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
The Minions always worked best in small doses . Tasked with carrying out the entire movie , they get tiresome quickly .
Scarlet Overkill is no Felonious Gru . The boys are irresistible , movie not so much .
Seeing the minions end up in your Happy Meal would not have been a stretch in this absurd , tangential movie . -LRB- Actually , it would have been more to the point . -RRB-
It proves that its pill-shaped protagonists who served as little yellow sidekicks in their two previous appearances are n't deserving of the spotlight .
It made me think of the Three Stooges recast for the modern age as pint-size , goggle-wearing , butter-hued niblets . It may not be high humor , but boy , it sure made me laugh .
While Minions are insanely cute and do offer you short spells of laughter , this is nothing to go bananas over .
Cuteness overload .
It offers simple humor although effective . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
It was only natural to give the little yellow pill-like creatures from `` Despicable Me '' their own movie . They are cute and funny most of the time , but their new film , `` Minions '' is loud and violent . And to many adults , it will be a noisy , yellow blur .
An energetic and pleasant adventure . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
Minions fails to deliver a moral or wise message for the kids , and it wo n't be interesting enough for the adult audience . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
Though the first few minutes of `` Minions '' are rather amusing , it quickly devolves into the same mean-spiritedness which abounded in `` Despicable Me '' .
`` Minions '' does feature a `` groovy '' soundtrack , but it 's not enough to overcome the movie 's lesser elements .
Minions is a cute , hyperkinetic hodgepodge of '60s jokes , a rocking soundtrack and visual puns . It 's just cute and clever enough to keep the wee ones entertained and the parents nodding along to an `` Abbey Road '' or The Who reference .
-LRB- These movies -RRB- are higgledy-piggledy and filled with jibber-jabber - and trying to sell you snacks and bric-a-brac - but they never really sink to the level of jiggery-pokery .
It 's not whether this prequel can mint money ; that 's a given . The questions is : Can the minions carry a movie all by their mischievous mini-selves ? ` Fraid not .
Less inventive and entertaining than the `` Despicable Me '' movies but still engaging .
Prequel is fun , with less peril than previous films .
While not as end-to-end funny and clever as the original Despicable Me , Minions does serve as a nice holdover for more Gru with the already announced Despicable Me 3 in 2017 .
The movie is also missing the subversive chuckles this series is known for , and sight gags are all that 's left . There are only so many ways to dress up a Minion to build a movie around .
My 2-year old granddaughter loves minions so we made this her first theater experience . Is it memorable ? Probably not . Mixed results for her . Grandpa laughed his butt off .
An overwhelming sense of goofiness here keeps the smiles coming even when the film does n't reach the comedy heights it could 've .
Utterly charming , this silly prequel rewrites the origin story of the minions and sends them on a series of adventures that are gently anarchic and refreshingly low-key for an animated blockbuster .
A slapstick triumph !
`` Minions '' is every bit as cute as it 's supposed to be , a happily empty-headed animated frolic that rarely pauses to take a breath .
Little . Yellow . Not that different .
The set-up sequence is the funniest thing in the film . And `` Minions '' certainly could have used more of that early promise , because it gets pretty silly fast .
Having main characters who jabber in nonsense syllables punctuated with real words in English , Spanish , etc. quickly cloys , like an overextended Danny Kaye routine .
While they 're probably better-suited in hilarious background roles there 's a lot of fun to be had for fans .
` Minions ' swings wildly from inventive and hilarious , to oddly dark and boring in stretches .
The Minions were the funniest aspect of the Despicable Me films . Stretching their supportive roles to feature length has caused their appeal to wear thin .
A reasonably diverting entertainment with some great visuals , a few classic songs , some good ideas , and some missed opportunities
Inconsistent and undisciplined , Minions is more an adjunct to marketing than a legitimate motion picture .
The secret of this film 's success is that co-directors Kyle Balda and Pierre Coffin have a superb sense of the sight gag , very much beholden to the classic Warner Bros. ` toons of Bugs Bunny and the Road Runner .
There 's just not enough to the little fellas to warrant an entire movie that , even at just 91 minutes , feels padded .
Not as funny as you were expecting , but still a pretty decent film . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
While `` Minions '' explores nominally new narrative ground , it folds neatly into a series that now includes two features , various shorts , books , video games , sheet music and a theme park attraction . So , you know , different but also the same .
Impressive as it is that the filmmakers get so much comedic mileage out of their characters ' half-intelligible prattling , the conventional dialogue is bafflingly flat .
The film turns its back on all but the most fleeting brand of comic anarchy .
The begoggled , capsule-shaped , banana-colored scamps who stole the show in two installments of the popular Despicable Me franchise deserved something better than this indifferently animated , catch-as-catch-can venture in comedic chaos .
It is n't a bad film , and it 's often engaging , but it 's also little more than adequate .
An entire movie about them feels like eating a bowl of pure sugar . Which means very young kids will love it , while adults might feel a bit nauseous by the end .
Few gags hit solidly . Minions relies on mayhem too often - too loud , too much and too pointless .
likeable , but limited
`` Minions ' '' all-silliness all-the-time philosophy will put a smile on faces and keep it there , like a fizzy beverage on a hot afternoon .
A loud , frenetic kid pleaser , though parents ' brains may short-circuit .
Minions may just be an excuse to cash in on the phenomenal success of the Despicable Me franchise -LRB- Part 3 already has a release date : June 30 , 2017 -RRB- , but as crass commercial enterprises go , this prequel gives its all .
Writer Brian Lynch and co-directors Pierre Coffin and Kyle Balda throw everything they can against the wall , only to find that very little sticks .
Hilarious . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
A shallow and half-hearted film . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
Brian Lynch 's screenplay features a series of amusing sight gags and physical comedy that mostly hits ; watching the Minions play polo while riding Corgis is an exercise in cuteness .
Young kids may enjoy the hulabaloo of what amounts to a manic but rarely inspired prequel -- cinematic hamburger rather than filet minion .
Look , there 's a reason no one eats an entire dinner of cilantro or writes music that features triangle solos . They 're both meant to play supporting roles and so , unfortunately , are the `` Minions . ''
`` Minions '' is product , pure and simple . Little kids will love it , but grown-ups will feel like they 're being held hostage in a Fisher-Price test laboratory .
Despite the dizzying pace of carefully calibrated incongruities , `` Minions '' somehow never generates more than the occasional chuckle .
The technical execution is strong ... but the invention is weak ... simply feels late to the party by spinning off sidekicks ... as it trades on '60s style ...
The new team thinks that if mayhem is funny , five times the mayhem will be five times as hilarious . That 's not how movie math works , and too many scenes spin out of control .
I , too , once enjoyed the Minions , in the small doses that they came in . But the extra-strength `` Minions '' is , for better or for worse , too much of a good thing .
Gru is n't missed , finding Brian Lynch 's screenplay teeming with knowing jokes and sharp high jinks , keeping the spirit of the Minions alive while delivering an adventure that supports their newfound starring role .
The bottom line is that the filmmakers are working with nothing here - no characters to speak of , no interpersonal relationships , no story with any suspense or capacity to engage , and no script with any humor or wit . What can they do ?
I 'm a fan of silliness and nonsense , and Minions are about as silly and nonsensical as kiddie entertainment gets . But everyone has limits .
This film 's villain ... is n't very interesting and Sandra Bullock has nothing on Steve Carrell in comic vocal performance , but -LSB- the -RSB- directors and their animation team keep things lively with non stop , character driven , often subversive visual gags
As you would expect , the script - there is one , sort of - feels as if it was written to fill the blanks in a Mad Libs story .
Even though its protagonists appear to be demons sent from the deepest reaches of Hades to annoy moviegoers into a premature grave , Minions is not an entirely evil film .
Struggling to come up with a reason for its sidekick characters to have their own adventure , Minions proves far too much of a little thing .
It 's a slight , bright , bopping entertainment .
Those little Minions made terrific supporting players in their two previous adventures . As main stars , they 're sporadically comical , yes , but not all that interesting . They do n't particularly learn anything or evolve as characters .
A group of benevolent , joyful creatures willingly dedicate their lives to serving the worst forms of life on the planet : that is a terrible concept for a comedy .
Watching Minions is like watching a spastic colon spew little yellow turds at you . It 's less a movie than a brand strategy meeting , all the way through .
While there are creative , imaginative , witty & funny moments throughout , the overall effort is n't as entertaining as the series from which the characters have been spun off . -LRB- Full Content Review -- Violence , etc. -- for Parents also available -RRB-
`` Minions '' is a big , slobbery dog who licks your face , brings your slippers and humps your leg before turning into an adorable kitten with big eyes and a soulful mew .
This is what happens when filmmakers throw everything against a wall and see what sticks . A lot of it does n't stick .
Minions has idiosyncratic roots , but it 's a franchise play all the way . Finally , even 5-year-olds have their own movie that mechanically cashes in on something they loved when they were younger .
Two words : mild chuckles . Two more words : needs Gru .
Given the task of carrying their own 90-minute feature , they quickly wear out their welcome .
The charm and humor they brought in tiny doses in the previous films now comes in a massive blast that wears thin quickly .
The film manages the by-no-means easy feat of turning sidekicks into full-blown protagonists .
Since the Minions themselves are barely characters , much of the film falls on the shoulders of Bullock . She is n't up to the challenge .
Like trying to form a rock band out of three Ringos .
Proof that these are good times for animation . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
It has a lot of what any Minion lover could expect . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
Minions is a very fun and entertaining film . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
A fun and amusing movie that makes you feel like a child again . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
Basically meant as pure and harmless entertainment , nothing more or less , and in that sense , it succeeds .
A fun , cheerful time passer that 's filled with many random zingers that will leave you snickering afterward .
Parts of the story are quite dark and unnecessarily gruesome for younger audiences . Even a bedtime story is turned into a humorless plot point .
OK for tykes , but the biggest laugh may be that somebody took a writing credit for this non-verbal mish-mash .
On paper , there 's no reason this film should work . But these Minions , they work in mysterious ways . As a result , the uneven but entirely genial Minions does , too .
Like most kid franchise spin-offs , this headache-inducing snooze from the ` Despicable Me ' team is just a cash grab .
A frothy family comedy , no more and no less . It may not endure the way the best animated films do , but as an answer to where these cheerful yellow servants of villainy come from , it proves a good deal more winning than most will be expecting .
Why shell out money to see this in the theater when you can just buy a DVD next year ? Or , more to the point , buy the plush toys that something like this is really all about .
The equivalent of a meal made entirely of french fries - by the end , you 're stuffed , but you 're hardly satisfied .
Minions is n't a disaster ; it 's probably just too much of a potentially good thing .
If all it was was 90 minutes of them reading the phone book , all would be well , especially since they 'd do it in a made-up language that 's far cooler than Jodie Foster 's in ` Nell ' though not nearly as cool as Milla Jovovich 's in ` The Fifth Element . '
Minions is an old-school spy flick for a younger generation , but without Gru 's guidance , this jovial spinoff is simply about base-value laughs and one-off gags . It 's a neat little way to pass the time , but not much else .
What are the Minions but stand-ins for kids ? ... Nothing makes them double over like a good pratfall , and they will insist on a goodnight kiss or bedtime story . Teaming and relentless , they will melt the heart of any guardian , even a supervillain .
Where the first two Despicable Me 's had a heart , Minions has only an adrenal gland .
It struggles to maintain a consistent gags-to-giggles ratio . But it 's brightly coloured and fast-paced and should keep kids entertained for the summer .
What was the funniest bit ? The Minions .
The film 's trailers suggested that Sandra Bullock 's leading character might offer the bulk of the entertainment . That has n't eventuated .
Bright , breezy and brought to life with some impressive 3D , make no mistake , Minions is going to be one of the biggest hits of the year .
It is not moving in any way , but it is entertainingly off-beam and doolally with an eccentricity and quirky charm thatcan only described as very British .
Although the opening `` minions through history '' sequence proves a very tough act to follow , this slice of burbling slapstick animation did keep me grinning and giggling throughout .
The Minions ' adventures do n't stretch the Despicable Me formula particularly far , but there 's still something irresistibly comic about their slapstick pratfalls , the macaronic gibberish they spout and , above all , their blithe bumbling innocence .
The conventional cartoon story arcs of self-realisation and redemption are skipped , but any sacrifice in emotional resonance is compensated for by the pace and purity of the fun .
The Minions are sometimes very funny . They have a winning way of gargling out dialogue . The problem is a plot that is as indeterminate as their body shapes .
Dang , it 's hard to think straight when faced with the Minions . Their skittish cuteness somehow preempts scorn .
Minions , their very own spin-off film , takes -LSB- the -RSB- undifferentiated mass of fun and nonsense and successfully channels it into a pleasing movie shape .
How do you craft a film about a hoard of nearly identical yellow oval creatures who speak no identifiable language and live solely to serve the most evil master they can find ? Rather successfully , it turns out .
Not quite one in a minion then . But , certainly not despicable either .
The slapstick sidekicks were tasty in small portions but they do n't make much of a main course .
Safe , silly fun .
Bring a two or three year old to Minions , if you can find one , and probably you 'll both have a pretty good time .
Minions is like a sugar rush -- short and sweet , but just a little shallow . Nevertheless , it 's an anarchic bit of silliness for kids to enjoy .
Minions is an uninspired but more than marginally entertaining animation guaranteed to hit the mark for its key demographic .
... a gleefully anarchic and just plain fun cartoon that 's refreshing to enjoy in a world where Disney thinks it has to try and make you cry every time .
Minions starts strong but quickly runs out of steam .
I love the Minions and I thought they totally deserved their own movie . But I was wrong . Or , at least , this movie is not the movie they deserve .
There is n't much point to any of the madness , but that does n't mean it is n't an enjoyable ride .
Farty , burpy , fall-y over fun tied to a pretty inconsequential plot . Your kids will explode with joy .
It 's well up to the standard of the hyperkinetic fun we 've come to expect from this sort of thing , both knowing and silly ...
You sense a shuddering apprehension in every creative choice - as if one false move , or even an overly brazen one , would destabilise the formula .
Wonderfully absurd , brilliantly inventive and totally adorable , the Minions is literally a laugh a minute ... You do n't need a kid to see this film
The more Minions , the merrier .
Being a French film , there are endless jokes at the expense of the English ... and the human characters are sexier than you 'd find walking around in a Pixar flick . Even Britain 's Queen - quite a major character ! - slouches louchely . C'est tres amusant .
Filling in the edges , Minions can still bring the goods . Front and center , however , and it 's quite irritating .
Fast , frenetic , gleefully silly fun is the order of the day here , and this well-crafted production -LRB- involving many of the key creatives behind the Despicable Me series -RRB- delivers it all by the truckload .
If Minions were a toy , you 'd hide its batteries .
The film has rather lost the sweetness of its predecessors .
Just let sidekicks be sidekicks .
Tests the notion that what audiences enjoyed as a side dish can satisfy as an entrée ; I do n't know if the movie picks up as it goes along , or if it merely beat me into submission , but after 20 minutes or so , I did finally start laughing .
The Minions have busted out of the ` Despicable Me ' franchise and gone rogue in this berserk slice of slapstick silliness .
Minions has an inspired visual lunacy and some solid gags , but it ca n't sustain a feature-length story and barely tries to tell one .
A Despicable Me spin-off so busy , witty and all-round entertaining you wo n't have time to pine for the absent Steve Carell .
The commitment Morel and his animators have to creating one sight gag after another is almost overwhelming .
This film is a frequently hysterical romp , packed with explosions , pratfalls and even a smidge of a history lesson .
The origin story of those little yellow jibberish-spouting helpers who populate the Despicable Me franchise is an hilarious , ridiculously entertaining , joyfully infectious affair ... a cheesy , cheeky knockout .
far more kids-only than either of those featuring Gru .
The best voice work , though , was by co-director Pierre Coffin , who breathes life into Kevin , Stuart , Bob and a whole bunch of other Minions .
A crazy , spirited , if simplistic fusion of off-beat adult humour blended with the sensibility of an anarchic toddler .
The minions -- like the proper sidekicks they are -- never really learn or change , always getting caught in variations of the same scenario .
There must have been a million Minion ideas that Lynch and everyone involved simply were n't able to incorporate into the film . Here 's hoping the best of them find their way into `` Despicable Me 3 , '' due out summer 2017 .
A vibrant and lively animation that perfectly captures the goofy energy of its zany title characters .

@highlight

The Minions ' brightly colored brand of gibberish-fueled insanity stretches to feature length in their self-titled Despicable Me spinoff , with uneven but often hilarious results .