Laurie Rose , Wheatley 's regular DP , brings to the film the same charged feel for landscape he so potently demonstrated in Sightseers .
A Field in England can be seen as a dying man 's fever dream , or even a sojourn into the afterlife , a vision of hell in which O'Neill must be Lucifer .
Hallucinogenic black-and-white visuals , eerie sounds , sporadic splatter and potentially insufferable philosophising are blessedly leavened with earthy humour . Think Tarkovsky 's Stalker meets Monty Python 's Holy Grail .
A brilliant , uncompromising and deliberate experiment set in a very specific time , in a very specific place , and under incredibly specific conditions , A Field in England is a wonderfully bizarre microcosm of abstraction .
A Field in England is strange , captivating , metaphoric , and utterly obtuse .
-LSB- Offers -RSB- a pervasive sense of unease , an almost physical sense of things being entirely and perversely not right with the film , as you 're watching it .
With some semblance of coherence among the -LSB- psychedelic -RSB- imagery , A Field In England might have been something special .
Do you have to fully `` understand '' a film to enjoy it ? No . Case in point : this movie .
The trippiest historical horror film ever made ?
It 's the English Civil War on magic mushrooms !
A Field In England is mad monochrome mayhem that 's utterly hypnotic .
And now for something completely different : a black comedy set in 17th-century England at the time of the Civil War and given a lift with some psilocybin mushrooms . Oliver Cromwell , meet Timothy Leary .
It 's about shifting power games , mostly , and suggests a period film made by Samuel Beckett in one of his more playful moods .
Even when it includes a dose of dark humor and an admirable sense of craftsmanship , watching other people alter their state of consciousness is rarely a rewarding experience .
This is one nutty movie .
It 's dementia for its own sake , an empty head-trip .
-LSB- A Field in England -RSB- demonstrates how genuinely spellbinding cinema can be when it 's wielded by an artist who does n't so much play by his own rules as forego such restrictions entirely .
A challenging piece of work to be sure , due for eventual midnight-movie cultdom .
This is a deeply , at times exclusively visceral movie . It aims to wring out , mind-eff and visually beat up its viewers , and perhaps cast a malevolent spell in the process .
Shot in a mere 12 days , A Field in England feels like a film both Ingmar Bergman and Ken Russell could drool over .
Your enjoyment of the movie will be directly dependent upon your willingness to surrender to the strange .
The maddest thing about this mad , mad movie : it has no reason to be consistent . But somehow it is .
As the story reaches an anguished kind of climax , so too does Wheatley go full Kubrick , abandoning narrative entirely for a sequence of full-blown psychotropic madness .
`` A Field in England '' tosses fascinating ingredients into its bubbling pot , and while the resulting dish - a blend of historical action drama , character study and psychedelic kaleidoscope - does n't entirely cohere , it gives off a pungent aroma .
Prepare to be mesmerized by `` A Field in England , '' a movie of singular originality .
Complaints that very little actually happens in A Field in England are misdirected , in that it 's a movie in which everything that matters takes place between the ears , both before and after the ` shrooms begin working their mind-warping magic
This hilarious , disgusting , brilliant and circular psychotronic odyssey is a blast from the submerged past .
Some films are described as kaleidoscopic , but few have ever earned that adjective as literally as A Field In England .
Things get murky , even though very little actually happens .
Frustrating in parts but uncontrollably hypnotic , the film , bizarre as it can be , works better as a study in offbeat , new-wave form than as an experience that frightens or emotionally engages .
So ambitious , cerebral , witty and thought-provoking that you forget it 's a horror film .
The film , Wheatley 's fourth , feels both reckless yet fully controlled , a jest that 's dead serious in the manner of Yorick 's skull , which gets a sort of cameo in the final act .
Ben Wheatley 's film is a reckless combination of period piece , war drama , broad comedy , psychedelic fever dream , and occult horror-scape .
... funny , absurdist and disturbing .
`` A Field in England '' will likely appeal to Ben Wheatley fans with its combination of drama , horror , thriller and comedy .
A Field in England defies easy categorisation - and that is its glory . Ben Wheatley 's English Civil War drama/horror picture is a wondrously strange affair that bends genre rules .
Sorcery meets swordplay in powerful low-budget horror movie .
A defiantly unclassifiable cross-genre experiment that simultaneously reinvents and regurgitates low-budget British cinema as it goes .
Entertaining , frustrating and annoying in equal measure .
The strategy is not unfamiliar but , aided by Jim Williams 's ethnic ambient score , the fusion is so successful here that it makes the strangeness of mystic Albion come stunningly alive-notwithstanding the playful , ribald storytelling .
a bizarre and challenging odyssey that showcases Ben Wheatley 's undeniable talent even as it undoubtedly polarizes even the filmmaker 's hardcore fans .
It 's not a particularly successful question mark , though your mileage may vary on its interpretational qualities . After all , people can pull meaning out of anything , which is likely Wheatley 's intent with this tiring film .
Whether you find it startling and audacious or indulgent and incoherent , there is no denying it is an accomplished work that soars as bravado filmmaking in its exploration of deep psychological torment .
It forces you to work but with two and a half million unemployed that ca n't be a bad thing .
This is a film fumbling for meaning along with its protagonists .
A Field In England is bold , experimental and unapologetically a work of strong , abstract surrealism . All the tenants of Wheatley 's cinema are present but the film demonstrates his desire to avoid being pigeonholed as a one note filmmaker .
Almost unbearable .
Imagine attempting a super-low-budget , rapidly shot mashup of the melancholic aesthetic of Ingmar Bergman , the comedic sensibility of Mel Brooks and the tonal uneasiness of Lars Von Trier ...
Wheatley , clearly , is a visionary . He just needs to push himself harder , because this so-called experiment sees him operating very much within his comfort zone .
Despite its flaws , A Field in England is an original , adventurous , imaginative , compelling work , a rare enough thing in a British cinema stifled by formulaic scripts and timorous financing entities , to deserve being celebrated .
Seeping up Laurie Rose 's crisp monochrome shots of gnarled wanderers , the tolerant viewer may allow vaulting comparisons with Ingmar Bergman 's The Seventh Seal .
It is at once amusing , intriguing and mystifying and I think you will be glad that the running time is brief .
Like being punched in the face by your best friend for no reason .
The black-and-white photography , magically lit and textured , is like the primitive canvas on which the contemporary world starts to be daubed .
What a unique film-maker Wheatley is becoming .
A deeply strange , beautifully shot horror with strong performances and stunning sound design work , though it 's also frustratingly obtuse and significantly less accessible than the director 's previous films .
Wheatley 's extraordinary film shakes you back and forth with a rare ferocity , but the net result is stillness .
It bears several of Wheatley 's stylstic trademarks - dry , sardonically witty dialogue ; stomach-churning violence ; and a painterly eye for the English countryside - but achieves something quite different from his first three features .
However by whatever means you decide to watch this film , in the cinema or in the comfort of your living room , just be sure you pay this field a visit .
This is a film built on sensation , misdirection and randomness . The result can be maddeningly obtuse , but it 's also breathtakingly lovely and genuinely unsettling .
It does n't offer easy answers , but for many its unique take on British folklore will prove Wheatley is one of the most fascinating directors currently at work in the UK .
Some of the trippiest black and white imagery you 'll have seen on the big screen for a long time .
To say much more would kill some nasty lo-fi surprises .
Very physical , with intense performances and half-serious period talk , it 's an impressive , haunting picture - though the sort of thing you have to meet at least halfway to enjoy .
A dizzying head trip of a film , a nutty cocktail of weirdness and surrealism with its protagonists plunging into an inescapable psychological abyss .
At times , the film 's spell breaks , leaving the actors looking like a bunch of Sealed Knot re-enactors going bonkers in a field . For the most part , though , the film 's powerfully unnerving mood taps into dark , deep and very weird currents of English myth .
Ben Wheatley 's strangest movie yet : mysticism , mystification and magic mushrooms in a English Civil War setting . Often confusing , occasionally infuriating - but audaciously original .

@highlight

Recklessly assembled and occasionally compelling in spite of itself , A Field in England showcases a singularly brilliant voice in British cinema .