Visually , the director 's flair is impressive . But Longley 's clear intention of using children 's faces to better tug at our heartstrings would be more admirable if it did n't feel as shamelessly staged .
Too bad James Longley could n't have broadcast this insightful documentary immediately after he shot it in 2003 and 2004 .
Bafflingly , the threats in an occupied country consistently come from within , not without or overhead : what has the effect of the US occupation and Hussein 's vicious rule been on these people ? Offers a fragmented , obscuring picture of Iraq .
Iraq in Fragments ... appears to be asking a simple , but often unmentioned , question : Oh yeah , what about the people of Iraq ?
A timely , lyrical and candid look at daily life in a post-invasion Iraq .
The technique is more expressionistic than naturalistic , but it makes the film far more vivid and emotionally satisfying .
The film is terrific at providing a kaleidoscopic sense of life unfolding , with imaginative editing and colors that seem to leap off the screen .
The film is both gritty and lyrical , showing how tanks share the Baghdad streets with donkeys as well as the quiet beauty of the Kurdish countryside .
What Iraq in Fragments lacks in fresh reportage or sending a political message , it makes up for with unique insight .
Because -LSB- director -RSB- Longley uses a technique that forgoes interviews and voiceover commentary in favour of observation and revealing juxtapositions , his movie puts you both in the chaos and just above it .
-LSB- An -RSB- evocative , heartbreaking documentary told from three disparate but equally compelling perspectives : the Sunnis , Shiites and Kurds .
Stands up as a classic war documentary , in its unusual poetic form and by its extraordinary access to the lives of ordinary Iraqis .
Iraq in Fragments sometimes feels random , but it is a well-crafted , thoughtful study of the dueling divisiveness and hope that will define the region long after foreign troops leave .
We 're used to seeing Iraq through the lens of washed-out digital video , so it 's striking how sumptuous and elegantly-composed the shots are in `` Iraq in Fragments . ''
James Longley 's devastating documentary Iraq in Fragments has neither narration nor obvious political ax to grind , but it manages to tell us something about Iraq that we are n't getting or ca n't get from standard news coverage .
By turns tender and shocking , Iraq in Fragments strikes a rare balance between impromptu fluidity and feature-film narrative control , in the process resisting both partisanship and predigested points of view .
Director James Longley does n't say anything new about the politics of Iraq , but he leaves us with a vivid impression of its people , its places and its seemingly irreconcilable contradictions .
The struggles -LSB- documentary filmmaker James Longley -RSB- recorded in his dazzling Iraq in Fragments are n't battlefield conflicts , but the personal , religious and political efforts of Iraqi citizens to reassemble their shattered lives .
In addition to the interesting camera work , the documentary 's undeniable appeal comes in how close Longley gets to the characters , who are all male . They speak openly of the past , the U.S. forces , the uncertain future .
Longley is a strikingly effective director
There are embedded journalists in Iraq , and then there is `` Iraq in Fragments '' director James Longley .
There are some striking images , but the film is less useful for not having any commentary on the confused events depicted .
Watch the evening news and you get a view of Iraq from high above the wreckage . In this fascinating doc , director James Longley shows us how things look on the ground .
James Longley 's Sundance-winning documentary puts the camera uncomfortably close to scenes of abuse , violence , terror , cynicism and racial hatred amid the rubble of U.S.-occupied Iraq . But at the same time , its texture is frequently beautiful .
In a series of stunningly filmed sequences , Longley and his camera seek out the real lives outside the frame of conventional TV news , and he succeeds in creating both compelling journalism and superb images .
There 's something of a period quality to this beautifully photographed documentary snapshot of Iraq in transition .
What makes Iraq In Fragments so distinctive is its impressionistic and at times lyrical imagery .
A work of beauty as well as horror , Iraq In Fragments is one of the best of the many documentaries to come out of that ruined country . It 's powerful , enlightening and necessarily depressing .
Shot over three years , this is one of the more considered and insightful Iraqi documentaries - although some may find its stylistic contrasts a little self-conscious and distracting .
Longley 's access to public and private developments in the wake of the U.S. invasion of Iraq is often stunning .
Longley 's journalistic discipline is as impressive as his artistic eye : He 's content to show , not tell .
Although the film does n't make any earth-shattering discoveries , it at least attempts to put a face on an ` enemy ' that few Americans have considered .
A heartbreaking assessment of Iraq 's reconstruction from the point-of-view of its intended beneficiaries .
The film provides specifics , details of hectic life among ruins , faces filled with dread , desire , and defiance .
The frequently gorgeous footage , culled from some 300 hours shot over a two-year period , provides ample compensation for any narrative .
Iraq in Fragments opens a window on the world of the war 's casualties in a narrative triptych that 's profoundly haunting and often ravishing .
A documentary of stunning immediacy and marvelous images ...
Longley is a film-maker of intelligence and empathy .
This visually sumptuous movie richly deserves the cinematography , editing and directing prizes it carried off at Sundance last January .
... this one demands to be seen .
What justifies the film , and makes it compelling , is the corresponding subjectivity of its Iraqi narrators , who lend this movie not only their voices but their eyes and ears .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Longely 's real strength lies in his ability to draw from the observances of children .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Longley shows a poetic , almost elegiacal artistry . After two years , he might not understand the Iraqi people fully , but they have won his heart and mind .
Visually arresting and deeply disheartening , James Longley 's impressionistic documentary explores the pain of a shattered country by homing in on a few tiny shards .
Documentary filmmaker James Longley -LRB- Gaza Strip -RRB- has a flair for cinematography and editing and a poetic sensibility that informs both these talents .
The imagery is poetic and beautiful at times . Meanwhile , the haunting legacy of the documentary is that people still are being pulled apart by religious differences and ethnicity .
James Longley 's Iraq in Fragments is a visually stunning documentary that looks at that country through the eyes of its own people -- a novel enough approach at a time when everyone else has had their say .
Told in tones both wondrous and horrible .
... a beauty and a richly textured palette rarely seen in such video documentaries .
A vivid , poetic evocation of life in post-invasion Iraq that works both as impressionistic collage and candid portraiture .
Of all the documentaries to come out of the current war , Iraq in Fragments is the least violent and perhaps the most disquieting .
The first third is so intense -- a masterpiece in miniature , really -- that audiences may not have much emotion left for the rest .
A remarkable example of the conjunction of a burningly topical and newsworthy subject with a brilliant filmmaker .
People talk about the country being split into pieces , but there 's not much shown to articulate how , when or why that is the case .
It 's head and shoulders above the rest in its clarity , intimacy and poetry , and it illustrates the dreadful predicament America has created in Iraq , which drove so many angry people to the polls on Tuesday .
The film is unusual among Iraq documentaries for its impressionistic , frequently gorgeous cinematography and for its structure : It 's split into thirds , one about a Sunni -LRB- the boy -RRB- , one about a Shiite mob , and one about the quiet Kurds up north .
James Longley 's haunting , oblique film , Iraq in Fragments , presents a collage of images , sounds and characters in an intimate , partial portrait of an unraveling nation .
Working with vérité patience and no scripted narration , Longley looks and listens , with nonjudgmental sensitivity , as Sunni , Shiite , and Kurdish Iraqis explain their colliding , intractable , invaded worlds , and their rising frustrations .
Much of what is captured will be familiar for viewers of Frontline or other recent documentaries .
When the war is long gone , this deft construction will persist in relevance , if not for what it says about the mess we once made , then as a model of canny cinematic construction .
In the end , the movie is more than the sum of its fragments . The montages are intense , the images ravishing . The movie is tactile . When you finally feel this place , you understand just how little you understand .
Style comes occasionally close to taking precedence over its heartfelt humanistic intentions , yet the film 's deep respect for human resilience and hope ultimately renders cynical accusations of touristy condescension moot .
An engrossing award-winning documentary about the chaotic and bloody situation in Iraq as seen through the eyes of Sunnis , Shiites , and Kurds .
Raw and powerful .
A visually startling , patiently observed and deeply humanist film .
Brings back nothing journalistically substantial from the war front .

@highlight

A stylistically bold , humanist take on the difficulties of post-invasion Iraq .