There is nothing creative , amusing , valuable or interesting about Sandler 's work . That 's My Boy is n't the worst film I have ever seen ; it 's just one of the saddest and most exhausting .
This crude and unfunny comedy is easily the worst movie of 2012 .
Yet again Adam Sandler has taken a fairly clever concept for a broad comedy and just detonated it with some of the stupidest , most repetitive gags imaginable .
Crass comedy That 's My Boy adds close-to-the-knuckle raunchiness to Sandler 's usual mix of stupidity and sentimentality .
-LSB- M -RSB- ay be the most repulsive movie I 've ever seen ... -LSB- L -RSB- ike the evil Mirror Universe version of Ted .
That 's My Boy is n't as bad as expected . Do n't get me wrong - it 's a terrible movie - but it 's occasionally funny in spite of itself .
I waited until ` tight Tuesdaday ' to see it . It was the worst $ 11.50 I 've ever spent . I 've bought $ 11.50 mocktails that gave me more of a buzz than this piece of s -- .
That 's My Boy serves as a morally bankrupt reminder that Sandler , much like many of us , has no interest in changing his ways .
That 's My Boy is n't just the worst film of 2012 , it 's one of the most morally reprehensible comedies of all time , a disgusting movie you should stay far , far away from .
The script , which resorts to incest for laughs , is utterly puerile .
It may be the worst film , in any genre , ever made .
Warning : this film contains scenes of incest , masturbation , gerontophilia , statutory rape and Adam Sandler .
The basic joke keeps on giving and the sweetness of the parent-child bonding scenes plays well .
Sometimes you have to ask - why Adam Sandler ?
Not nearly as terrible as burped-out Sandler disasters of recent years , there 's enough funny stuff here to remind us of his talent .
-LSB- A -RSB- mean-spirited , one-gag time waster .
They 're estranged . Tired antics ensue .
As a whole , the film is startlingly ugly .
With its cringe worthy script , repulsive humor , and piss poor excuse of leading men , `` That 's My Boy '' is the equivalent of recreational brain trauma with a slice of shoving a railroad spike through one of your eyes just to pass the time .
... cheerless vulgarity instead of laughs .
Without the handy chapter select features that come with DVDs and Blu-Rays , it 's a long and painful wait for the good , I mean , bad stuff .
Say what you like about Sandler - his fans simply ignore all the critical contempt - his ability to get A-list talent to dive into his comic world is extraordinary ... Leighton Meester deserves a special bravery award for signing up to do this .
It 's hard to believe that Adam Sandler 's latest movie is worse than the awful ` Jack and Jill . ' This one actually takes crude , sex-focused humor to a new , lower level than its predecessors in a film that will appeal only to his die-hard fans .
... just another disastrous example of Sandler 's now total irrelevance ...
Regular co-stars Rob Schneider and David Spade are thankfully missing , although screen irritant Nick Swardson is still on hand , here playing a striptease patron who tells an obese dancer to `` use my face as your toilet ! ''
Boys will be boys .
There is a severe lack of chemistry between Sandler and Andy Samberg , the father-son duo audiences are supposed to be rooting for .
If you expect That 's My Boy to be the Bad Dad equivalent of Bad Santa , you 'll be sorely disappointed .
Chances are That 's My Boy is n't a contemptuous stunt to see what Sandler can get away with and what audiences will accept ; it just seems like one .
A father-and-child reunion so ridiculous , it 's kind of sublime .
The movie hits you with so many stupid , juvenile gags that you eventually descend to its level .
If you are going to make a gross movie full of dirty jokes then the whole thing better be funny - this movie is n't !
As hard-R sexual wish fulfillment comedies made for 13-year-old boys go , it 's another one .
A tasteless waste of celluloid of no redeeming value !
It points you toward the irresistible conclusion that for all his success Sandler feels only contempt for his audience and tremendous insecurity about his own stature in the comedy universe .
Surprisingly mean-spirited from start to finish .
Sandler 's latest wicked pissah , a paean to let-it-all-hang-out party-guy sloppiness ...
If someone told you about almost every joke in That 's My Boy , you would think they were either a sociopath or a budding serial killer .
There 's nothing that makes this film worth seeing . That 's My Boy is another example of Adam Sandler rubbing peoples noses in the fecal matter that his career 's become .
Tasteless , witless and mean-spirited . A painfully unfunny debacle .
Revolting , moronic , despicable , deeply unfunny , wildly offensive , and frankly disturbing .
It 's like Little Nicky made ugly , passionless love to Meet the Parents , and this abomination is the result .
Let 's talk about Sandler , because he 's doing a character here . You wonder is it gon na be a Little Nicky thing , Jack and Jill , where it gets annoying ? No , I laughed and never got sick of this character .
After Jack and Jill there 's nowhere to go but up . Adam Sandler is his own genre . You know where the laughs are coming from and exactly where it 's going . You have to choose whether you 're going to hate it or just go with it .
Everything about That 's My Boy is offensive . I can not explain why I liked it . I guess even playing an offensive , vile , self-centered cretin , Sandler is likable .
It 's a hit or miss comedy where the misses win , percentage-wise .
Vulgar , tasteless , mean-spirited and most offensive of all -- not funny .
Adam Sandler just might have made the funniest movie of his career : a dysfunctional father-son comedy that also rather astutely comments on the public 's perception of Sandler himself .
God help me . I actually liked an Adam Sandler movie ! OK , let me re-phrase that . I did n't hate an Adam Sandler movie , for once . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
Now if you 'll excuse me , I 'm going to watch something funnier than That 's My Boy . It 's a video of my mother being torn apart by bears . Good day .
In short , this is n't reinventing the comedy -LRB- or even the `` Adam Sandler comedy , '' for that matter -RRB- .
Not good , but better than ` Jack and Jill . '
Laughs are n't guaranteed , but the movie provokes -LRB- which is a big step up -RRB- .
Even the most diehard Adam Sander fans will find it hard to sit through this holiday-tagged product , referencing Father 's Day , from the Sandler gag -LRB- in every way -RRB- machine .
Even `` Prometheus '' was n't as icky and unpleasant as this one ...
Raunchy , juvenile humor will offend many , amuse very few .
Most of this is just gross without being funny , full of the go-to jokes -LRB- fat people running ! old people talking dirty ! -RRB- that only dirty-minded kids would laugh at .
It 's getting so bad , you have to wonder if Adam Sandler does n't sit in his gazillion dollar mansion , flipping through scripts , looking for the worst possible piece of crap he can find .
A sprawling , two-hour string of mostly random gags held together with doody jokes and bodily fluids . -LRB- Emphasis on the `` gag . '' -RRB-
Saying this is n't the worst Sandler comedy ever is like saying , `` This is n't the worst case of food poisoning I 've ever had . ''
Is it time for Adam Sandler to stop appearing in his own movies ?
A laboriously programmed vulgar comedy of air-quote outrageousness .
-LSB- I 'm -RSB- the kind who needs Adam Sandler to keep making deplorable garbage like this . I will watch it and I will enjoy myself and I will have no excuse for it and I will remain un-sorry .
Of course , it 's no Punch Drunk Love , but you got ta pay the bills somehow . I get it .
That 's My Boy lazily exists in a fantasyland of Adam Sandler 's perpetual adolescence , even as it generates some moderate comic friction from Sandler and Andy Samberg 's testy back-and-forth .
Their film is a huge , sloppy mess , far too long , but with some rowdy and rambunctious laughs .
Sandler hits a new low .
On some level I marveled at the conviction that Adam Sandler pours into playing a character like Donny Berger , a boneheaded , loud-mouthed alcoholic loser from Boston .
It 's like a Diane Arbus freak show with an imaginary laughtrack playing in Sandler 's head .
Will be construed by the faithful as an embarrassment of riches and by the rest of us as cruel and unusual punishment ...
Sandler 's Berger is the most loutish , annoying character he 's come up with since `` Little Nicky . '' Nicky came from hell ; viewers of `` That 's My Boy '' will feel like they 're in it .
The script sometimes seems to have been written by a 13-year-old .
The funniest movie Adam Sandler has made since 50 First Dates .
That 's My Boy turns out not only to be the title of the movie , but something Sandler 's poor , suffering fans can say to each other as they acknowledge that their hero is back .
I laughed sporadically throughout , but not enough to call it a successful comedy . There are too many dead spots , and that first half hour is unwatchable .
This may be the most loathsome film of the year .
A fair share of amusing moments are sprinkled through the juvenilia , but it 's more uncomfortable and mean-spirited than cause for hilarity .
That 's My Boy is a step up from Sandler 's more recent fare ; then again , it does n't take that much effort to rise above a bar that low .
Central to the movie 's deficiencies is Sandler 's inability to create a comic character .
Mr. Sandler manages a frame or so of genuine sentiment , and the caricature is so ugly it 's cute . He 's a performer , and there are moments when audiences will surrender to his shtick . Moments .
Another bottom-of-the-barrel raunchfest that is bound to make far more money than such sludge could ever deserve .
When your goal is to get sloppy , you 're likely to make a mess .
Unremmittingly raunchy , crude , groan-inducing so-called comedy ... which tries to wring laughs from child abuse at the start and from incest at the close ... The only thing that could conceivably have made -LSB- it -RSB- worse is if Sandler had played both roles .
Adam Sandler likes to say he does n't make movies for critics . But his most recent films , capped by the criminally awful That 's My Boy , indicate that he 's making them only for his inflated ego .
Could 've used less of Sandler 's childishness and more of someone willing to push it in a darker , more dangerous direction .
More offensive than the disgusting attempts at humor is the utter contempt for the audience in every lazy and incompetent frame and line of dialogue .
How did American comedies come to rely on raunch rather than wordplay ?
That 's My Boy is n't a comedy about a regressive '80s burnout who never grew up , but a paean to the virtues of remaining the same vulgar , bullying nincompoop at 40 that you were at 14 .
`` That 's My Boy '' is n't `` Happy Gilmore '' or even `` The Waterboy , '' but it 's got its moments .
I would n't dare recommend That 's My Boy to the average filmgoer . It 's reserved for Sandler fans who 've come to expect a certain velocity of stupidity from their doofus king .
A thousand times better and funnier than Jack and Jill , Sandler 's last movie , yet still falls short of actually being good ...
Lowbrow comedy goes subterranean in `` That 's My Boy , '' a product of the Adam Sandler movie factory unpolluted by a trace of ambition or wit .
There 's an undercurrent of anger and nastiness throughout that 's frankly disturbing . Humiliation is the name of the game .
Sandler fans likely will eat this nonsense up like ice cream . Non-fans could do worse - a lot worse . Like `` Jack and Jill . ''
Forced laughter is the only kind you 'll hear during `` That 's My Boy , '' between the long stretches of slack-jawed silence .
Despite their assorted vulgarities and lack of polish , the films of Adam Sandler are remarkably consistent in their own particular way .
Vulgar , trite , sexist , misogynist , hacky , tacky , gross , sentimental and stupid , with occasional flourishes of racism and veiled homophobia thrown in to boot .
It truly does take a village of idiots to get these films made .
If you 're not a Sandler fan , it wo n't change your mind . But if you wish he 'd return to the gleeful weirdness of `` Happy Gilmore , '' your wish has been granted .
The premise of the comedy is wickedly compelling , and the flashback scenes are hilarious . But , unfortunately , Sandler spoils the party because he ca n't create a convincing character .
In a culture as polluted as ours , transgressive is n't daring . It 's become the opposite of that - repetitive and lazy .
I know , when Sandler 's not trying he 's an easy target , and he 's not trying here . But honestly , this is one of those movies you feel stupider just for having sat through . I think I 'm already worse at math .
Depending on your POV , it 's either the ne plus ultra of Hollywood calculation or a comedy simply intent on pushing its crassness to the point of surrealism .
Even with 87.5 years to go , the 21st century may never see a stupider comedy than That 's My Boy .
Director Sean Anders and screenwriter David Caspe follow the game plan adequately enough , but the movie is overburdened with incidents that prove only mildly amusing .
Puerile , crotch-fixated and very occasionally , inanely funny , Adam Sandler 's raunchiest star vehicle in years has a small saving grace in Andy Samberg 's performance .
This is a film that finds poorly chosen , impulsive back tattoos endlessly hilarious .
Semen joke . Fat joke . Goofy voice . Blah .
Sandler has made worse movies , but never one as grotesque as this .
In short , we get Sandler , doing what he always does , with whatever edge he once had continuing to erode as he ages and looks sillier at what he 's doing .
At least give That 's My Boy credit for fully earning its R rating . The film represents the horny , stoned , drunk id lurking behind the freshly scrubbed shenanigans of the Happy Madison brand .
When your mouth is not making noises similar to laughter , it will be dragging along the theater floor in stunned disbelief .
Funny is some spots , idiotic in others and a combination of both during its moments of raunchy insanity , That 's My Boy is a suitably moronic entry into the canon of Adam Sandler 's man-child comedies .

@highlight

While it does represent a new foray into raunch for the normally PG-13 Sandler , That 's My Boy finds him repeating himself to diminishing effect - and dragging Andy Samberg down with him .