If anything it also shows that dissent is a far gone notion in our modern society ...
Director Anthony Giacchino does n't always relate the tale in the clearest fashion , but his sometimes overly emotional approach ... does n't detract from its essential fascination .
Not exactly blazing cinema , but intellectually riveting .
Until a worthwhile dramatized version of the Camden 28 comes along , this dutiful documentary will suffice .
When it comes to political agitation , the Camden 28 are genuine heroes and deserve to be recognized for what they dared to achieve .
Times have changed , but many of the questions remain the same : How far would you go to stop a war you felt was unjust ? Would you break the law if you felt that law to be by nature unlawful ?
A vivid and impassioned chronicle of unwavering moral courage under extreme duress .
The moments never add up to a movie .
Their story is inspiring and , all these years later , relevant .
-LSB- Giacchino 's -RSB- sympathy for his subjects , their cause and the tradition of Christian pacifism is evident yet does n't cloud the storytelling as he defies viewers not to stand in admiration and ask tough questions of themselves .
Concise , inventive and unabashedly partisan , The Camden 28 is a small movie that contains multitudes .
a dully presented piece of cinema about a truly worthy group of subjects .
Though the filmmaking is pedestrian , The Camden 28 's timeless truths come through with resounding power .
The Camden 28 not only examines the animating forces of protest , but also the nature of betrayal , forgiveness and , ultimately , compassion .
An unremarkable talking-head docu nudged nearer to must-see status by the remarkable timeliness of its antiwar subject matter .
In revisiting the oppressive measures employed by the FBI during that era , the viewer is treated to a welcome message about the right , if not the duty , to challenge authority , especially in the face of corruption , intransigence and utter arrogance .
A documentary about a watershed trial in 1973 of some anti-war activists from the Catholic Left who took a stand on the basis of conscience .
Fond , stinging , and finally instructive , the film assembles a comprehensive look back at the actions , arrest , and prosecution of a group of political malcontents -LRB- most of them young Catholics and some of them priests -RRB- in the summer of 1971 .
While no one will mistake director Anthony Giacchino for Michael Moore , the documentarian unfolds the drama of the arrest and eventual not guilty verdict of 28 Vietnam War protesters in 1971 .
Giacchino has created a film in which every practical question has ethical implications ... The Camden 28 opens our thinking to the values and calculations which guided these noble activists and their equally noble attorneys .
But the editing supplies some urgency , and the subjects remain radiant yet down-to-earth -- too good-humored to be beatific .
Celebrates a duty to responsibility , even if the duty defies the federal law .
Anthony Giacchino uncovers a gripping lost chapter in the history of human rights activism with The Camden 28 .
Superlative documentary about 28 members of the Catholic left who defied the war machine in 1971 -- with plenty of relevance to the contemporary struggle to end the war in Iraq .
An amazing story . A genuine saga of life and death , friendship and betrayal , religion and war . The tale of ordinary people willing to risk their freedoms for their truths .



@highlight

Despite the fact the events chronicled in The Camden 28 occurred 30 years ago , this poignant and compassionate doc about Vietnam protesters is both powerful and timely .