Do n't go expecting another Deadpool from Ryan Reynolds and this tired , lacklustre action comedy .
The action in the film is decent and entertaining enough but ca n't make up for the unfunny jokes , lack of chemistry , bad special effects , and the incessantly annoying use of the words `` mother f **** er . ''
It may not be art -- it 's not even close -- , but it 's definitely light , violent , hilarious , vulgar and well-made entertainment . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It has comedic moments to it , but it does n't really commit to that angle ... there are also a lot of scenes in this movie where the light is bleeding over and washing out .
Bodyguard is annoying nearly from start to finish , completely defying all sense of internal logic as their enemies manage to find them in every corner of Europe within five seconds of their arrival .
As a time killer , you could do worse thanks to Reynolds and Jackson and even Hayek , who made me laugh and has a natural affinity for comedy .
Nothing says summer like a fun and stupid action movie with beautiful people and even more beautiful explosions . Patrick Hughes ' comedic actioner is not that movie , though it wants to be .
Probably the most interesting thing to ponder regarding the film is if it was actually written with these two actors in mind , or if they just used their natural charisma and comedic timing to save a disaster
The film aims pretty low and hits there .
Bloody , brutal and bombastic , this Midnight Run-inspired film is assuredly this Summer 's antidote to boring .
The Hitman 's Bodyguard feels like a greatest hits compilation of proven Ryan Reynolds and Samuel L. Jackson zingers , the AM Gold of action comedies .
This black comedy ... is not afraid of anything . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Reynolds is all smarm , his character seemingly trying to be the smartest man in the room while Jackson finds new and entertaining ways to use the words `` mother '' and , well , you know .
The film would have fallen flat if not for the efforts of Reynolds and Jackson .
A who-wrote-this-crap movie , in which a ready-and-willing cast becomes a just-get-paid cast when it 's handed a cruddy script .
If only it was a tighter story - Hitman 's Bodyguard would be a crisper and much better film . But do n't let that detract you from checking this out and enjoying it for what it is .
Thanks to Reynolds and Jackson , and a foul-mouthed cameo from Salma Hayek , it does raise a smile or three .
Given the constant bickering and contrived conflict , none of the characters seem to like one another , and the audience quickly understands why .
... The Hitman 's Bodyguard is nowhere near as funny as it should be .
The Hitman 's Bodyguard proves that summer fun comes best with two great tastes that taste great together .
It 's a crassly violent comic book , an insane bit of violence and bloodshed overflowing in crude one-liners , car chases , explosions and random jolts of gunfire .
Rarely do jagged threads of side-alley stitch jobs show in a major release , riddled with shots of soft -LRB- or no -RRB- focus . Basically a test of how far a vehicle can run on fumes of familiar personae . It 's about 88 minutes ... or 30 minutes shorter than this .
Even at its best it never quite digs itself out of a hole as a third rate `` Midnight Run '' clone .
The dynamic duo play to their strengths , with Reynolds in fine form providing the physical comedy as the tightly-wound , over-analytical perfectionist .
With fireballs , gun fights and fast cars at every turn , this is an above-average slice of tongue-in-cheek B-grade movie mayhem , with the two leads breezily matching the love/hate spark of Mel Gibson and Danny Glover in the Lethal Weapon films .
Sadly , this movie was heavily advertised as a comedy and was instead a bland and below average action movie with the few jokes from the trailer being the only humor in the whole movie .
While the picture does n't necessarily stick the landing , it does add richly to -LSB- Samuel L -RSB- Jackson 's lexicon of quotable lines and catchphrases , and it 's unrelentingly entertaining the whole time .
Humor may seem silly at times , but he is forgiven for being so entertaining . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Action and comedy collude in a predictable but effective film for those who are n't too demanding . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Ultimately , in thinking that the film could coast by thanks to its cast , The Hitman 's Bodyguard suffers from not finding its own niche .
The mind wanders . There was n't a lot to distract it in this content-to-be-unimaginative , tenuously scripted -LRB- by Tom O'Connor -RRB- odd couple B movie .
But you ca n't overstate how many familiar elements are awkwardly plugged together here , from fight scene flourishes to obvious punchlines .
For those who find either Ryan Reynolds or Samuel L. Jackson irritating , watching - or perhaps it would be better to say enduring - this film must be about as enjoyable as being punched in the face .
Filled with cliches and generic to its core , it misses its mark .
... an assault on one 's senses for the duration of its extremely padded-out and overlong running time ...
Nobody is going to see a movie like this for an original plot and , to be honest , I wish there was more of this sort of thing being made .
What should have been a late summer treat is soured by extremely lazy writing and a forgettable plot .
... when The Hitman 's Bodyguard does work , it works well enough .
The Hitman 's Bodyguard wasted its talented stars and served up a slop that is best watched on a long-haul flight , sandwiched between some non-Pixar animation and a weepy romance with a dying female lead .
All the ingredients are there , yet the final product fails to deliver .
Comedy and absurd action taken to the limit , that although it could fall into oblivion like any film of this type we are before a product a little more interesting than it seems in the beginning . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Outwardly it 's all as mindless as can be .
-LSB- It 's -RSB- is a pedestrian action comedy with more heavy artillery than it knows what to do with and the plotting is depressingly predictable . But with Reynolds at the wheel and Jackson riding shotgun , it 's almost worth going along for the ride .
Situations , dialogues , action scenes and persecutions are carried to the extreme to a point where they 're excessive and supplant the narrative or character development , which also secrete exaggeration . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
... we 're never more than a few minutes away from a quip or a kill .
A gravely unfunny motion picture of the sort that supposes that people screaming invective at each other is close enough to count as a joke .
`` The Hitman 's Bodyguard , '' has one overwhelming positive going for it , and that 's the chemistry of the leads Reynolds and Jackson .
Tom O'Connor 's script does n't know when to quit -LRB- half an hour earlier would have been smart -RRB- ; Jake Roberts ' editing is sloppy ; and director Patrick Hughes seems just along for the ride .
There 's no other word for The Hitman 's Bodyguard than garbage . But it 's not a failure ; it does what it was intended to do , which is to give a showcase to Samuel L. Jackson .
The LOLs are too few and far-between . If not for Reynolds , Jackson and Hayek , it would have been unwatchable . Even they can only manage to make it slightly less so .
Samuel Jackson as hitman Darius Kincaid and Ryan Reynolds as his protector , Michael Bryce , turn in hugely enjoyable performances to elevate the run-of-the-mill material .
I 'm genuinely impressed that a director as inexperienced and evidently talent-free as Patrick Hughes -LRB- The Expendables 3 -RRB- was capable of doing so much jaw-droppingly wrong .
The Hitman 's Bodyguard -LSB- is -RSB- a painfully wretched , gruesomely violent and artlessly vulgar action-comedy that is so devoid of genuine entertainment value .
The stars complement one another perfectly and , in the weirdest way , organically flesh out undeveloped characters otherwise defined solely by Hollywood clichés ...
-LSB- Hitman 's Bodyguard -RSB- is a fun , diverting flick despite its witless derivativeness .
There 's not much else to say about this formula job , which never rises above genre mediocrity , but may satisfy those who find this sort of rampant destruction appealing .
Fans of Reynolds and Jackson will probably be more than happy to see their favorite actors push each other 's buttons .
The Hitman 's Bodyguard is a high-paced romp that touches all the bases of an odd-couple chase movie .
In a different movie , Reynolds and Jackson might have made a winning team , but here their foul-mouthed joshing seems forced and Jackson , perhaps smelling a rat , sails wildly over the top .
This bloody-buddy comedy is an adequate vehicle for the combined star hit of Ryan Reynolds and Samuel L Jackson .
Patrick Hughes 's movie is still throwaway tosh , but if I come across it on television one day , I might watch for a while .
It 's supposed to be a dumb film , but it 's dumber than it 's supposed to be . If you get my drift .
It all comes together for one big , sloppy cliché , leaving what could have been a fun ride to turn out into a paint-by-numbers mess .
The films lacks spontaneity but its protagonists save every scene . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The fun banter between the leads barely makes up for this run-of-the-mill , late summer action flick . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It mixes the violence , the chases , and some quirky humor into a potent late summer cocktail .
Jokes fall flat and character is defined by big broad strokes .
The chemistry between Jackson and Reynolds is just enough to keep the action comedy on life support as derelict writing & humdrum action threaten to do in the entire endeavor .
What this action buddy comedy lacks in originality and plausibility , it makes up for with a whole lot of fun
Reynolds and Jackson are living proof real talent can elevate the most mundane of material .
This might have been enough for a great double act but Reynolds and Jackson do n't have a molecule of the chemistry of Nick Nolte and Eddie Murphy .
The film 's one achievement is that it comprehensively discredits the concept of `` comedy violence '' : the body count in the first 20 minutes leaves little room for guffaws .
A cartoonish action comedy that thrives on its silliness , but becomes increasingly more annoying with every ongoing over-the-top violent set piece .
The Hitman 's Bodyguard features at least one tiresome car chase too many , and the final half-hour feels as if it 's going to stretch into next week . But even these debits ca n't completely diminish the bullseye turns by the winsome protagonists .
The whole film feels slightly grubby and low-res , like it 's been languishing in private mode on the filmmakers ' pre-HD YouTube page since 2008 .
The Hitman 's Bodyguard acts as the cinematic mimosa you down after a night of tequila , some $ 3 hair of the dog Cook 's and OJ that eases you into the next day without too much hassle .
Reynolds and Jackson 's cross-country bromance might have raised a smile if only writer Tom O'Connor had bothered to give their characters something remotely funny to say on the journey .
Like a meal at the Cheesecake Factory , it is filling and unsatisfying .
The Hitman 's Bodyguard is a mediocre action flick elevated by the talent and comedic chemistry of Samuel L. Jackson and Ryan Reynolds .
Its familiarity ends up robbing the film , its characters , and those playing them of the opportunity to create something novel or memorable . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Profanity , Nudity , etc. - also Available -RRB-
Bludgeons its way into theaters with a rapid-fire hail of machine gun bullets and filthy jokes , neither of which is capable of hitting a target with any amount of consistency .
The Hitman 's Bodyguard is one of those right-down-the-middle movies . It 's neither great nor terrible .
Better than expected thanks to Jackson-Reynolds bromance chemistry .
It really does n't matter that this movie is utterly ridiculous , because the central pairing of Ryan Reynolds with Samuel L. Jackson is so entertaining that we never want it to end .
Not even the considerable combined talents of Samuel L. Jackson and Ryan Reynolds can save this uninspired crime caper that harks back to old-school buddy action comedies , but with none of the charm .
For me , The Hitman 's Bodyguard is the epitome of what a summer movie should be .
What can I say ? The world is awful right now . I was really glad to see this movie . We kinda need it .
The poster is more clever than anything in the movie , which is sporadically funny but completely devoid of personality .
This is one of those movies where the late-August release proves to be a warning of mediocre material , no matter how much you may happen to dig -LSB- Ryan -RSB- Reynolds and/or -LSB- Samuel L. -RSB- Jackson .
It 's a shame , mostly because The Hitman 's Bodyguard had the potential to be a weird , funny summer flick .
The film squanders its best ideas with an abundance of cliches and lackluster execution .
There 's a lot of fun to be had if you do n't think too hard about things .
Not even Reynolds 's natural charm seems to work in this poorly constructed frame . It feels like something self-consciously stuck between smug and stupid - like watching Johnny Depp on a talk show .
There are worse ways to spend a late-summer evening at the multiplex .
The `` we are n't partners , and we are n't friends '' strain of buddy-action movie seldom gets played with as much gusto and knowing humor as in The Hitman 's Bodyguard , a movie that fires off bullets , jokes and F-bombs with equal frequency .
While no one is going to mistake The Hitman 's Bodyguard for high art , it will please those in the mood for late-summer fun .
An instantly forgettable film , notable only for its contribution to a disturbing slide in cinematic morality .
Ignore the overall negative RT splat . This is guilty pleasure & a buddy flick destined to rank with Lethal Weapon , Bev Hills Cop & its cousins . Ryan and Jackson are a blast .
The political realism does n't sit well with the exploding cars , singing nuns and quipping killers .
I wo n't always love you .
If you think about any one element in The Hitman 's Bodyguard long enough your head might hurt . Do n't . You 'll be glad you did n't .
Even with the at times indulgent action scenes , Hitman 's Bodyguard is tremendously funny and a great way to cap off the summer movie season .
A VOD title that lucked into a theatrical release thanks to Reynolds and his `` Deadpool '' success .
Works best when it 's focused on Samuel L. Jackson and Ryan Reynolds . Everything else in between is dull and generic .
`` The Hitman 's Bodyguard '' comes at you hard , but skates by on its charms . Kiss kiss , bang bang .
It 's funny , it 's violent and it feels like bits and pieces of a lot of other movies held together by a couple of solid actors riffing off each other as they mark time between other , better , bigger projects .
Standard stuff . But it 's got more humor and zest than most movies of its kind . And that makes it pretty darn enjoyable .
Aside from a handful of chuckles and high-octane action sequences , `` The Hitman 's Bodyguard '' is an ugly film lacking a moral center .
Reluctant-buddy action comedy feels like unfunny , warmed-over '90s leftovers . Ryan Reynolds and Samuel L. Jackson look like they 'd rather be elsewhere .
it 's strictly a summer popcorn movie , deftly directed by Patrick Hughes , and the screenplay by Tom O'Connor contains enough humor to keep it enjoyable .
Director Patrick Hughes falls prey to the belief that the more explosions and gunfire in a movie , the more entertaining it will be . Not so much .
Nothing in `` The Hitman 's Bodyguard '' is original nor surprising . This is a by-the-numbers action feature with the usual quota of fights , vehicle chases and explosions .
They quip , shoot , and punch their merry way through a buddy-cop action comedy so generic it may have been created by algorithm .
This is dumb as mince , noisy as hell , not quite as good as it thinks it is , but good nonetheless .
There are plenty of times when director Patrick Hughes seems to be doing his damnedest to spoil the party , but in the end star power and on-screen chemistry win out .
A movie that replicates , step by formulaic step , the familiar and now oddly dated template of the inter-racial buddy movies of the Eighties -LRB- think 48 Hours or Lethal Weapon -RRB- .
Bad guys and authority figures are painted in predictably broad brush strokes , but Tom O'Connor 's script is laugh-out-loud hilarious when it comes to the two leads ' sparring .
This odd couple `` romp '' is so dumb and shows such disregard for human life that it beggars belief .
A cut-rate , no-fun , corrosively unlikeable Midnight Run re-do , with Ryan Reynolds and Samuel L Jackson both locked on their respective autopilots .
Why did either of you gentlemen sign up for this tone-deaf piece of work ? Who thought it was appropriate to use mass graves as a plot point in an action comedy ?
The Hitman 's Bodyguard is the cinematic equivalent of a guilty burger drive-thru meal when dinner is too wearisome to contemplate .
No one does a better ironic slow burn than Ryan , and no one demonstrates a more ferocious joie de vivre than Jackson ... Brisker writing would have made for a better movie , but not for a better buddy flick .
The Hitman 's Bodyguard is an ugly , repetitive , and nihilistic piece of supposed entertainment .
One has to give Mr. Hughes credit for the numerous , creative and explosive obstacles he puts in the way of Michael and Darius , not so much for the scattershot tone of the movie as a whole .
-LSB- Jackson and Reynolds -RSB- are so good at handling this kind of verbal sparring that they make up for the weakness in both the direction and writing .
Not every film has to be a game-changer , and The Hitman 's Bodyguard is more than happy to play a familiar game .
O'Connor 's recycling of cliches is meant to be read as retro homage , but if the violent action comedy goes nowhere new , Reynolds , Jackson and Hayek raise this one out of the slag heap .
Even those who try to lose themselves in the meager , mindless thrills of `` The Hitman 's Bodyguard '' may be distracted , if not by the looming specter of current events , then at least by the movie 's technical shoddiness .
Reynolds and Jackson make this summer lunacy go down easy with their banter and bullet-dodging skills . They 're the only reason this R-rated action comedy does n't sink into the generic quicksand from whence it came .
The problem is that if you also ponied up for popcorn , parking and childcare , you 're going to feel a bit shortchanged .
Despite all the mayhem , `` The Hitman 's Bodyguard '' is a surprisingly bland dish .
There 's nothing and no one to like in The Hitman 's Bodyguard . This is one loud , generic , forgettable late summer action flick .
One or two decent moments aside , The Hitman 's Bodyguard is a wholly unsavoury experience .
Both Jackson and Reynolds have given far better performances in similar roles ; revisiting The Long Kiss Goodnight or Deadpool would make more rewarding viewing than shelling out for The Hitman 's Bodyguard .
The Hitman 's Bodyguard had a big enough target that it 's disappointing it 's not a bullseye .
Action , humor and the stars ' chemistry keep ` The Hitman 's Bodyguard ' on target .
The tone is sophomoric and snide , the wisecracks are uninspired , and the action sequences lack dynamism and suspense .
Therein lies both the appeal and the problem with Patrick Hughes ' lightning-edited , instantly forgettable , Guy-Ritchie-lite ode to exploitative violence : It caters to our low expectations and never exceeds them .
The result is passable stupidity leaning hard on its wily leading men . The movie 's also pretty galling in its unceasing brutality for laughs .
It gives audiences four major car chase sequences and 100 vehicles reduced to scrap metal , by my count . What it gives no one is a reason it should exist .
An end-of-summer burst of adrenaline , The Hitman 's Bodyguard promises nothing more and nothing less .
As 48 hours , Lethal Weapon , et alia have demonstrated , people love a good black and white buddy comedy . And who knows ? They may even love a not so good one .
The Hitman 's Bodyguard is the comfort food of action comedies , like mac and cheese with a side of extreme violence .
Ryan Reynolds and Samuel L. Jackson are potentially a good team for a cartoonish action comedy , but the writing and execution here let them-and us-down .
Reynolds and Jackson are enjoyable alone and bantering . And they work hard to find a through-line as the movie shifts jarringly in tone and skips over plot holes . But it 's a lost cause .
Not self-aware enough , or not serious enough , `` The Hitman 's Bodyguard '' fails to find its cinematic identity even as the stars know that they are slumming it .
The Hitman 's Bodyguard is the Fuddruckers of movies : obnoxious , filled with kitschy music , and only digestible to the most undiscerning palates . It 's cinematic dog food .
It 's a B-movie with A-list talent , one that 's sadly just almost fun , almost crazy enough , almost enjoyable enough , but never quite .
Despite attacking the material with gusto , Reynolds and Jackson ca n't make substandard repartee ... and rote character arcs land .
Even by the junk-food standards of summer action comedies , `` The Hitman 's Bodyguard '' is overlong , over-violent , and over the top .
The only ones who seem to be truly enjoying themselves are Jackson and Reynolds-even during the boring parts where they have to talk about their feelings .
This fumbled buddy movie throwback touts some only-here-for-the-money stars as compensation for leaden pacing and a futzing , bum-obsessed script .
Reynolds and Jackson could play these roles in their sleep , yet they 're still entertaining ... Unfortunately for them , and more so for us , it 's in service to a movie that is as generic as its title .
Stars have great comedic chemistry in violent buddy comedy .
It 's built to be action-comedy comfort food , but it 's a bit too comfortable for its own good .
Already feels like you 're half-watching it on TNT on a Saturday afternoon .
The Hitman 's Bodyguard is the kind of film you discover while channel surfing , stop on , and end up watching the whole thing without any previous intention .
It 's exactly what it says on the label , which usually works in its favor except when it does n't .
A lot of these shortcomings could be forgiven if Reynolds and Jackson 's chemistry was sufficiently entertaining . It is n't .
An eye-popping , stunt flick chock full of implausible fight and chase scenes orchestrated in accordance with the laws of cartoon physics !
I imagine the majority of filming The Hitman 's Bodyguard was Reynolds and Jackson bouncing snark off of one another like a freshly-tossed smoke grenade .
There 's a sadistic edge to The Hitman 's Bodyguard that 's unbecoming to its comedy .
There are lots of car chases here , and they actually are n't boring . That qualifies as a rare achievement .
It 's an obvious formula , but when the movie sticks to it , it works well enough ; Reynolds and Jackson have pretty decent chemistry .
`` The Htiman 's Bodyguard '' ... is not a good movie , but , in fairness , it does n't try to be .
The Hitman 's Bodyguard is an infantile and very violent buddy movie that rehashes ideas and serves up characters encountered in countless other action flick .
The summer 's most pleasant surprise .
As much as the stars are having fun in their roles , they can not hide the fact that the story they are working with here is completely unoriginal . There is something very oldfashioned about it all - and not in a meta , self-parodying way , either .
` The Hitman 's Bodyguard ' is not exactly killing it , but coasts on the charisma of its central stars .
Passes chemistry , masters physics , flunks math -LRB- staggering bodycount -RRB- , which kills the tone .
While both Reynolds and Jackson play to the strengths of their established screen personas , the chemistry between them is n't quite as winning as the film seems to think it is .
Between a lazy script and predictable story , The Hitman 's Bodyguard survives on the performance and delivery of its stars alone .
A buddy film that borrows heavily from the much-better Midnight Run -LRB- 1988 -RRB- , The Hitman 's Bodyguard is foul-mouthed and foul-tempered but rarely raises a pulse or smile .
An original summer movie that lazily forces all of its most famous actors to embody the most basic versions of their brands .
The strongest scenes are those in which the pair just bicker , making you ponder what this would 've been like -LRB- and how much cash could 've been saved -RRB- had this been a single set off-Broadway two hander ...
While it 's not the most demanding or smart effort you 'll ever see , you 'll find it hard to find another film this year that is as entertaining as this one .
It 's exactly the movie it promises to be , but more so .
The Hitman 's Bodyguard sometimes just appears to be parodying the sort of mess it ends up being .
Two characters , who you wo n't like , insulting each other for two hours . Give it a miss and rewatch Midnight Run instead .
Remember ` In The Line of Fire ? ' CIA assassin vs. Secret Service agent ? This is the haha version of that . Meh on plot and shenanigans , many belly laughs courtesy of Jackson and Reynolds .
-LSB- The Hitman 's Bodyguard -RSB- knows what it is , and lives in its ridiculous skin with an infectious , gleeful attitude .
If you have ever seen a movie produced between 1983 and 1991 , you know exactly what happens .
An above-average , obscenity-laden buddy comedy that mostly excels due to the brilliant comic pairing of Ryan Reynolds and Samuel L. Jackson .
A classic star + concept studio programmer , one that works thanks to strong chemistry and just enough clever action to justify itself .
Something never quite adjacent to hilarity ensues , though Jackson deserves a lot of the credit for what works ...
The picture feels far more generic than its A-list cast would suggest .
By betting everything on the chemistry between its two leads , a tired formula and by-the-numbers action , The Hitman 's Bodyguard misses the mark .
Action-flick stereotypes abound .
A delightfully ridiculous screwball action comedy .
An uneven blend of comedy and action , but the chemistry between the leads makes it worthwhile .

@highlight

The Hitman 's Bodyguard coasts on Samuel L. Jackson and Ryan Reynolds ' banter -- but does n't get enough mileage to power past an overabundance of action-comedy clichés .