This is a gorgeously shot film filled with cute dresses , adorable haircuts and Parisian cafés . For fans of melodramatic romances , One Day is a perfect fit .
For everyone who 's grown tired of the summer onslaught of superheroes , save-the-world plots and explosions , Hollywood finally offers some decent counter-programming in the form of the brainy romance One Day .
Ends better than it begins -- or middles .
I could n't help but feel the film was lent shades of colour by the book ; colour that simply does n't exist on the screen . I projected 435 pages of joy onto a film that probably did n't deserve it .
An average romantic dramedy , ` One Day ' tips its hand so early in the game that you wo n't be a bit surprised by anything that ensues .
... you ca n't help feeling this dreary tale could have done with a bit of fancy editing or narrative reconstruction .
The most entertaining and engrossing romantic film to hit theaters in ages ...
The leads work well together but are held back by cheap sentimentalism when we should be on a journey with the characters .
Such a simple and small premise would and should yield a simple and small movie -- something not so heavy and epic , but more lovely and amazing .
Sherfig 's visual knack is better than she realizes ; she should stop dressing it up within an inch of its life .
Danish director Lone Scherfig -LRB- An Education -RRB- deliberately veers away from comedy to deliver a surprisingly earthy , soulful romance .
It 's a profoundly moving book . Still , the movie is strangely remote , and straining for tears .
A frothy cappuccino of a film with lots of tears , quivering lips and cathartic embraces and little substance .
It does n't quite deliver on its promise , but this remains a witty , touching and largely enjoyable adaptation .
What should 've been an epic romance , a challenger to The Notebook , becomes a melancholy , disconnected drama , despite the talent on display .
The most desperate , cloying weepie seen in many a long time .
The story is told in a very episodic manner , but Lone Scherfig crafts it well and the film is well edited to keep it feeling as one . It feels exciting and unexpected , even though you know really it never is .
There 's not really a chance to go very deep here , but the two leads are so strong that they make us believe in them anyway .
Despite the patchiness and the heavily signposted and melodramatic plot points , One Day concludes magnificently .
It does n't really work . I still cried .
You are hereby advised to ignore the bad reviews and check out this fairly stunning meditation on life , love , and friendship .
Thin , superficial and sentimental .
A bittersweet love story . Due to its fragmented structure , the dramatic arc never seems satisfying enough , although Rachel Portman 's beautiful score weaves a melodic rainbow through the exposition
A disaster , a dour When Harry Meets Sally .
Mawkish romance .
Even the hardest-hearted will surely shed a tear .
Anne Hathaway and Jim Sturgess embark on the longest courtship in movie history in a weepy based on David Nicholls ' gazillion-selling novel .
Despite everything , it 's an able adaptation capturing the spirit of the original novel , which fans will still enjoy .
If middle-class existentialism is not your cup of tea , no amount of charm and nineties ' fashion is going to save this film from seeming pomp .
Another on that increasingly frustrating list of movies that I liked , but wanted to love and did n't quite .
Disbelief is suspended by a thread so fine it is in danger of snapping almost constantly .
Everything about it is intended to let us know that the emotions in play here are real and nothing to be trifled with . Unfortunately , it all centers around a relationship that 's not so easy to root for .
if you thought the only thing missing from movies based on Nicholas Sparks novels was questionably convincing English accents , `` One Day '' may be the movie for you .
Movie love stories typically spend most of their running time keeping the lead couple apart until the inevitable final clinch , but ` One Day ' takes this strategy to an extreme : It prolongs the sexual tension for almost TWENTY YEARS .
Falling between two stalls , the picture fails to qualify as a romantic comedy but lacks the power and depth of a good romantic drama .
A pleasant , occasionally amusing , tragically tasteful romantic drama .
You 'll likely be wiping away the tears .
Quite unlike the movies which are so keen to continue the modern trend for grossness of the deepest order , this film will touch the hearts of many .
Hathaway and Sturgess make great company , with plenty of witty banter to counter the brooding .
There 's a lot of would-be wrenching stuff that One Day tries to pull that it does n't earn ... -LSB- D -RSB- readfully miscast ...
Impressively directed and sharply written , this is an engaging and ultimately powerfully moving romantic drama with a superb supporting cast and terrific performances from its two leads .
A slushy , mawkish and weirdly humourless romance with a sub-Richard Curtis style and more endings than Lord of the Rings .
The film might make the book look less astute and interesting than it is , but it still has an undeniable emotional wallop by its close .
It may not truly capture the complexities of its source material but One Day is funny , winning and entertaining - if little else .
The gimmicky one day a year thing makes the movie seem fragmented but the charm of the two leads saves the day .
One Day is just a gimmicky `` new '' way of doing an old-fashioned love story . But we 'll hear much more of Sturgess , Hathaway , and Lone Scherfig .
While ` One Day ' is a good gimmick for a romance , I never cared for Dex and Emma to actually end up together .
The film is quietly beautiful and , occasionally , gorgeous .
If you 're looking for a great romance , this is n't it . One Day is clunky and uninteresting from day one .
I can only assume that something was lost in the translation .
as arch and penetrating as it is effective in stripping the story of any trace of flabby exposition and getting to the heart of the infinite complexity of relationships
Book-based drama is too heavy for younger teens .
One of the most painfully unromantic ` romance dramas ' I 've ever seen .
The fractured chronological foundation does n't translate to film , with the character arcs stifled by the fragmented glimpses at their stories .
It 's a high-concept gimmick that could go either way , and this one ends up parting straight down the middle .
Hathaway had better chemistry with James Franco during this year 's Oscars than she does here with the terminally lame Sturgess
Depressing , dreadfully disappointing dirge , culminating in maudlin melodrama .
It is a story of memory and rueful regret , and the recognition that ... the other person in such a situation can still touch our lives in profound and long-lasting ways .
A ghastly representation of longing and screen chemistry . It could n't make the nuances of attraction more unpleasant if it tried .
It 's what a Nicholas Sparks movie would be if it were aimed at grown women rather than teenage girls .
In one scene , we are told a boyfriend of Anne Hathaway 's character left . At that point , I 'm envious . How come he gets to leave and I have to stay ?
Hathaway is cast with the bum role here , and it crushes her : She spends too much of the movie blinking unconvincingly through those wire-rimmed owl glasses .
` One Day ' Drags on for an Eternity
In the last act , we finally get some tenderly-wrought scenes . One Day finally stops to caress its characters and let them breathe . Would that it had allowed them such breathing room for the previous two decades .
The result is a rom-com with ambition , keen to actually develop the characters and to mix a few tears with the laughs . Well , the effort is admirable , the movie not so much .
Why do n't they just pick that day annually to stay under the covers and let fate blow over ? They could save themselves a soap opera 's worth of stilted heartache , drug addiction , family issues , divorce , death and generic romantic hokum .
Miscasting aside , there 's simply very little excitement to the film since you can see where it 's going -- chances are even just by reading this review -- right from the start .
Director Lone Scherfig , working from Nicholls 's screenplay , takes a big step back here from An Education , her last film
Sometimes , a successful play or a popular book-even a comic book-has qualities that just do n't transfer to the screen . One Day is based on a best-selling novel , and the producers hired its author , David Nicholls , to write the screenplay , since ...
That -- the illumination of our limitations , our awful habitualness -- probably was n't the effect this wannabe-epic of romantic yearning was going for , but it 's a considerable accomplishment nevertheless .
Tastelessly tasteful , the movie dwells in some fevered upper-middle-class fantasia where problems of the idly rich are all that matter in the world .
One Day is such a cannily crafted tale of love and loss that you 're always aware -LRB- and kind of hate -RRB- just how much it 's manipulating you and yet get caught up in it anyway .
-LRB- The film 's -RRB- `` annual checkup '' conceit ultimately proves precious and plodding ... `` One Day '' serves as a disappointing follow-up to -LRB- director Lone Scherfig 's -RRB- more subtle , Oscar-nominated `` An Education . '' One of the five worst films of 2011 .
By the time this flat , excruciatingly predictable film reaches its drawn-out , melodramatic -LRB- and unintentionally comedic -RRB- ending , we 've not only stopped caring about Emma and Dexter , we 're actively rooting against them .
` One Day ' has its moments , but feels more like its plot 's 20-some years in sitting through the rest of the dreck to get to them . -LRB- Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
Few films `` get '' the strange , intertwining bonds of affection quite so effortlessly , although the episodic structure keeps the drama from flowing nicely .
A gimmick movie where the gimmick hurts the storytelling and possible emotions the audience might feel .
Nicholls has proven a faithful shepherd to his fictional creations , who banter and rant at each other with the practiced elan of the aging couple they 're clearly meant to be .
It suffers from a casting error in one of the two leads and its director seems to have contemplated three or four different endings and then just thrown up her hands and decided to include all of them .
As 1992 rolls around , a sense of dread sets in : Are they really going to do every single year ?
Long before the credits roll , you may find yourself wishing your life could flash before your eyes , to end the monotony of this relentless turning of calendar pages .
Amid sharp banter , the film poignantly captures how lives meander and take unexpected turns .
There are no sparks whatsoever , and that 's always a deal-breaker for me in romantic films .
Perhaps one day , Hathaway and Sturgess will reunite in a more emotionally satisfying romance .
I deeply despise the characters as brought to life on the screen . This is not the Em and Dex from the book but two horribly unhappy , horribly unappealing people .
It 's a talky book translated into a talky movie that 's sometimes more clever than it is effective .
Sturgess is great , Hathaway is less so , and ultimately , the more enjoyable high points do n't do enough to make up for a lot of serious lulls .
Clearly created for fans of Nicholls 's tome , One Day is so slight that it barely exists
This bittersweet drama pulls the rug out from under you after appearing to achieve a satisfactory emotional pairing . The terrific musical score by Portman & the scenic background locations in Paris , London and Edinburgh are the movie 's only saving graces .
The love story might be the weakest element in an otherwise perceptive drama about the passage of time and the universal struggle to make something of a life that is going by more quickly than we 'd like .
Despite the familiar When Harry Met Sally , friends-first , opposites-attract contrivances , this romance is intermittently loveable , thanks to a glam cast and witty script .
Without the interior monologues that gave the novel 's characters more substance , it feels more like a perfume commercial than a story .
As so often happens with love , what you hope for is not even close to what you get , and in this case we are left with a heartbreaking disappointment of a film .
`` One Day '' is a beautiful movie , but beautiful in a way that life often is , not movies .
For much of its running time it somehow fails to capture what makes the book work so well .
No popular storyteller ever went broke stoking the undying female fantasy that if a good woman puts her mind to it , a heel can always be brought to heel .
Watchable but not very gripping .
Ordinarily , I object to previews that lead me to expect one movie yet deliver another . But when the picture I get is more complex and thought-provoking than the picture I had expected , the surprise always leaves me smiling .
The movie 's content and style generate all the synergy of fingernails and blackboard .
The performances are overeager . Particularly distracting is Hathaway 's accent , which is less Yorkshire than New York .
You could definitely call it awful , and I 'm about to do so , repeatedly and effusively .
This tear-jerking twaddle , adapted by David Nicholls from his 2009 bestseller , is nearly as bad as Anne Hathaway 's British accent , which is heading for infamy .
`` One Day '' turns out to be one of those apparently cinematic feats of writing that really does n't fit the screen .
`` One Day '' wo n't set the world on fire but it radiates pleasing warmth .
A miscast , underwritten , drably directed adaptation of a very popular novel , it 's the feel-bad film of the summer and an almost perfect example of how not to turn a book into a movie .
Either Nicholls has n't done a great job adapting his own work or Lone Scherfig chose the wrong way to pare it down and star Anne Hathaway has given perhaps her least attractive performance to date as Emma
A handsome mixture of laughter and tears , part rom-com and part schmaltz but overall reasonably winning .
One Day 's annoying artificiality comes with no compensatory effervescence , a requirement of a romantic picture .
The characters that Nicholls brought so cunningly to life in the book feel rushed through a timeline , tied to an agenda .
A lump-in-your-throat love story that actually deserves to be called one .
One Day turns out to be less about enjoying a traditional happy ending than an admonishment to stop wasting time , get on with the business of living and enjoy every single moment with the ones you love .
A contrived portrait of two friends who wonder whether they would be better off as lovers .
What keeps you glued is an almost morbid fascination with how many times over the course of twenty years these soul mates can foul things up before they give in to what is obvious .
When a movie inflates the importance of a love story that is predominantly comic in tone , even with a fair share of grief and loss built into the plot , that love story takes on more than it can handle .
Hollywood dreck at its worst .
One Day is neither comedy nor satire ; it uses numerous narrative gimmicks to avoid the fact of its humdrum banality .
It 's hard to get emotionally invested in a story when you spend the whole movie thinking , `` Girl , you could do so much better . ''
`` One Day '' turns an episodic story into an anthology of feelings and associations , many familiar , a few surprising , some embarrassing and one or two worth holding onto .
The movie maintains a sour undercurrent of emotional imbalance , as Sturgess ' neediness and hatefulness dominate the story , even as he remains the more dynamic and protean personality .
In a season of movies dumb and dumber , `` One Day '' has style , freshness , and witty bantering dialogue .
Also known as When D-Bag Met Sourpuss .
Questions of how people and circumstances change over time are brushed aside in favor of blatant tear-jerking .
The film 's eventual payoff is n't worth the journey , and the film offers up easy bromides instead of any genuine insight into the way we build our lives together .
Anne Hathaway 's faux British accent might be the first obvious conceit in `` One Day , '' but not its most cumbersome . That distinction belongs to the eponymous structure .
We simply zoom in and zoom out of the characters ' lives rather than develop any kind of emotional attachment to them .
The leads are so lightweight and barely-there that a stiff breeze in the projection booth could make them disappear entirely .
Hathaway and Sturgess lack the chemistry to make us yearn to see them together . They 're all wrong for each other physically , tonally , logically , which only makes `` One Day '' feel a whole lot longer .
It 's a frustrating film , never light enough on its feet to be cute , never heartfelt enough to achieve `` You had me at ` Hello . ' ''
An unusual but ultimately successful piecemeal approach to romantic drama that follows a couple on the same day for each of 20 years .
On a moment-by-moment basis , Anne Hathaway and Jim Sturgess make this long-arc love story viable , sometimes even vital . But the structural conceit proves more reductive than expansive .
The movie lumbers from one insufferable moment after another . But at least the title 's accurate : it seems like you 're sitting there for 24 hours .
Friends ' relationship changes over the years in a gimmicky romance with a strong emotional payoff .
Scherfig demonstrated her ability to infuse a talky script with plenty of wordless mood in An Education . But in One Day , the words - many of them taken directly from the book - are never convincing .
The film falls into every trap of literary adaptation . It 's rushed , superficial , unmoving , full of characters explaining the plot to one another .
Hathaway shines as always , Patricia Clarkson is a marvel in a key role , and Scherfig 's masterful treatment of silences , surfaces , and locations is worth watching .
It 's a sweet , harmless , meandering tale with an engaging gimmick , but a great love story -- or a great movie -- it 's not .
Much of Nicholls ' sharp dialogue and emotional truth remains intact , but the over-faithful translation does little to compensate for what ca n't be lifted from the page .
The first big-budget , star-driven film from the very gifted Danish director Scherfig -LRB- An Education -RRB- is a disappointing romantic melodrama that mistakes kitsch for art and confuses schmaltz with emotionalism .
Get past Anne Hathaway 's ropey stab at a Yorkshire accent and what you get is a film which understands the devastating but also very funny heart of its source material .
`` Sense of humor is overrated , '' Emma says at one point , and while she means it ironically , the true irony is that One Day 's sense of humor is sorely lacking .
For all her clear-eyed understanding of life 's inevitable disappointments , Scherfig can only view her film 's romantic angle with a combination of inevitability and gross sentimentality .

@highlight

Despite some fresh narrative twists , One Day lacks the emotion , depth , or insight of its bestselling source material .