For fans of Jason Statham and classic carsploitation action films .
Usually stuff like this gets mercifully relegated to the 2 A.M. slot on HBO next to most recent Steven Seagal masterpiece . But The Transporter series has managed to gather enough of an audience for Lionsgate to inflict it on us every so often .
Delivers what it promises .
The first film was slick , the second one silly , but at least we knew what was going on during those action beats .
Transporter 3 is the cinematic equivalent of cotton candy : a quick sugar rush that melts in your mouth and is forgotten five minutes later .
A ` what not to do ' guide when making an action film .
A preposterous , over the top and entertaining return of Frank Martin , the courier who delivers anything without question . Forget the ludicrous plot and just sit back and enjoy the fight and driving sequences .
Most film trilogies usually drop the ball on the third entry , but if you want to see it done right , check out the fun , unpretentious Transporter 3 .
Though director Olivier Megaton exhibits a good bit of that annoyingly jagged editing that 's become all the rage in action films , he has the good sense to never cut away from Statham 's pecs .
The good thing about Transporter 3 is that you know exactly what to expect . There 's reluctant hero Jason Statham , a deadly villain , exotic European locations , car chases , hot action and . . of course there 's a girl
With insulting action sequences and a tacked-on love scene , the movie quickly veers into a downward spiral .
As a fan of Statham and the Transporter series , it 's a massive disappointment . The story makes no sense , and there are n't even very many fight scenes .
I wanted to be transported out of the theater .
For the most part , the fights and chases are as implausible as the story , but there 's an extraordinarily clever escape-from-certain-death bit about 20 minutes from the end that I do n't think I 've ever seen before .
Silly , imaginative fun .
Incoherent and inconsistent , this is a step back for Statham in his quest to become more than a cult figure .
The flashy editing gets on one 's wick and no one 's going to win an Oscar - but , really , who 's complaining ? This is straight-up fisticuff fun .
With its eco-trappings , car chases and fights , the film feels very sub-Quantum Of Solace . The fact that Quantum itself felt very sub-Bourne says even less for Transporter 3 . Even if you 're a Statham fan , this series is starting to feel tired .
Transporter 3 is a reassuringly beefy thriller in which Jason Statham has to drive very fast across Eastern Europe with a Ukranian beauty queen on the seat beside him . No one , including Jason , has the slightest clue why . Never mind .
Statham is a relatively entertaining action hero - though he is better in the Crank films . The script is by Besson , but the director is Olivier Megaton , whose surname is the most exciting thing about the film .
Luc Besson 's modestly-budgeted but wildly successful franchise shows signs of broadening to include romance and humour .
The most impressive thing on offer is Statham 's straight face ... but why the sadistic Besson forced him through a romantic clinch in the Ukrainian equivalent of the Cotswolds is anybody 's guess .
Transporter 3 is going to make an awful lot of money . It has in abundance the ingredient that was missing from the last Bond film : a sense of its own idiocy .
It is a full-throttle action film which works best if you leave your brain at the door ... and there 's nothing wrong with that !
Slowing the pace for romance is also a bad idea because it gives the audience the chance to spot plot holes bigger than Iceland 's debt . But when he sticks to car chases , explosions and chest-kicking action , Statham delivers .
This action `` threequel '' is directed by a gentleman named Megaton , so one should not expect subtlety .
All zippy choreography and gleaming bodywork -LRB- mainly Statham 's -RRB- , producer/writer Luc Besson 's cartoonish sequel has a no-brain , ` job done ' feel but totally delivers pedal-to-the-metal action .
Enjoyably ridiculous thriller , in which plot logic and characterisation are gleefully ignored in favour of jaw-dropping action sequences , superb fight scenes and Statham 's brilliantly deadpan performance .
Besson and Kamen somehow make a film that 's even dumber than part 2 ... . But they 've still got the superbly watchable Statham at the centre , so the script is fairly irrelevant .
Every bit as dumb as its predecessors , but - importantly - it is not nearly so much fun .
Speeded-up motion camera tics add to overall jerkiness - and a series of coincidences and unexplained comings and goings leave you thinking that Besson is impatient with actual story-telling . Fantasy thugs may relish this no-brainer actioner .
Forget the Oscar bait , Transporter 3 is the only movie you need to see this season .
I had less problems with the characters and more trouble with the actual action , which felt really antiseptic to me .
A mindless , silly waste of time .
Valentina is angry and resigned and just-so-adorably exotic , in the sense that she misses nuance and inverts English syntax -LRB- `` What matters my name ? '' -RRB- .
Jason Statham has become a kind of poor man 's James Bond but if you 're expecting a coherent plot , forget it . There is n't one . Just action sequences that often lack continuity .
Check your intellect at the door for some raucous movie fun . Statham 's deadpan charm and rough and tumble alpha male swagger prove he 's loving every minute of being the last action hero left
It 's insane , it 's ridiculous , it 's way over the top , and while it might not be the best in the franchise , it mostly delivers what its target audience wants .
Jason Statham preforms more implausible derring-do as a butt-stomping , daredevil driver for hire .
This is a silly film , but all martial arts films are silly . What sets this apart is that it does n't take itself seriously for even a nanosecond .
the action scenes are cut so tight that it 's nearly impossible to tell what 's going on
We get close-ups , awkward camera movements , speed-up/slow-down nonsense , and shots with missing frames . I had to look away a few times because I thought I was going to have a seizure . This was NOT a fun movie to watch .
While it will no doubt end up being a let down even for the die hardest of fans , the film does contain a couple of interesting thrills here and there .
Transporter 3 delivers precisely the same thrills as the first two installments . Take that as a warning - or an invitation .
A pointless , junky , lackadaisical product that should hopefully put the kibosh on another sequel .
I think by now even Jason Statham is getting a little bored with the over-the-top stunts and martial-arts action of producer/writer Luc Bessons franchise -- if only the money werent so good .
It has the right mixture of gimmicky hooks and grindhouse appeal , but never exploits them properly .
Transporter 3 is built for action not Oscars , so things like physics and common sense donâ -LRB- TM -RRB- t apply here .
It 's hard not to smile .
The story is both unwieldy and nonsensical , spending , as it does , far too much time on the annoying Ukrainian , complicated plot twists and dialogue .
You know a series is in trouble when it begins mocking its own premise . Frank 's obsessive rules about who , what and how he transports stuff are ruthlessly violated .
Questionable style aside , it does what it sets out to do -- entertain .
Somehow Statham comes out of this improbable thriller with his dignity intact . With classic action-hero qualities and dry wit , he seems woefully under-employed as a deliveryman .
Here 's all fans need to know : Yes , Statham strips to the waist multiple times ; yes , two dozen hopelessly outnumbered kung fu goons take on our lone hero one by one ; and yes , he manages to outpace his Audi by bicycling through a congested sweatshop .
This one is for fans only .
Like a collection of leftovers from the first two movies . Statham 's heart does n't really seem to be in it any more .
For those who believe that more is better , Transporter 3 is the best of the unapologetically ridiculous series .
The Transporter movies are considered by many to be a guilty pleasure , and maybe I 'd feel that way , too , if I ever felt any guilt at the movies .
It creates quite the illusion of velocity but the confetti editing cheats the audience out of Hong Kong action maestro Corey Yuen 's choreography and Statham 's stiff , steely , strong-arm style of martial-arts fighting .
An action franchise in motion tends to stay in motion , long after logic or box office should bring it to a screeching halt .
All that inane chatter from Valentina detracts horribly from what is supposed to be going on in a Transporter movie -- mayhem .
If you 're going to a no-frills action film , though , at least you want the action to be entertaining , which is where Transporter 3 falls down .
It 's kinda fast , it looks cheap , it 's definitely out of control .
Transporter 3 is so bad it 's good , and it knows it .
If anything , the third is an improvement on its immediate predecessor .
To chart the differences between Transporter 3 and its two predecessors is as pointless as trying to parse its flimsy plot .
His misadventures are fun for us , too , as long as Megaton keeps the focus where it belongs : on the car chases and Corey Yuen-choreographed fight scenes . But then romance intrudes and ruins everything .
If things get much more dismal for the Transporter , he 'll be running pizzas for Domino 's .
The weakest in the series and a rare disappointment from French action movie producer Luc Besson .
Although Megaton 's CGI fight scenes are as chopped up and incomprehensible as the current norm , he mostly avoids the Queasy-Cam and uses a stable camera while only the action moves . How about that .
More with these sequels is always less . The proportions have n't been right since 2002 .
And if you 're addicted to action , it will put you in adrenaline-freak heaven .
Statham has become something of a poor man 's James Bond via this international action smorgasbord franchise , and frankly , I 'm all for it .
Smash-up action sequel is a little rough for young teens .
Part of me almost ca n't believe I 'm saying this , but Besson and Kamen , working with young French director Olivier Megaton -LRB- whose last name was just made to helm this type of thing -RRB- , have crafted a film that even surpasses their 2002 original .
... the Transporter movies work because they 're stripped down and focused , moving fast and getting the job done , just like their on-screen hero ...
I realized I had had my fill of the series right around the time Jason Statham was forced to perform a striptease in order to get the keys to his car . ''
Parental Content Review
Do n't go expecting any plot . Any at all . Just look for some excellent action , a badass Jason Statham and a red-headed sexpot .
Seen the first two Transporter movies ? Close your eyes and you can picture the third one . There , I just saved you $ 10 .
Even a usually easy-to-please sneak preview audience reacted to the film 's violations of physics and common sense with glum silence rather than the hoots and hollers that signify approval of the unlikely feats in James Bond and Indiana Jones films .
The first one was mediocre , the second was so bad I demanded my money back but the third one added in a few surprise elements and is one fun ride ; no pun intended .
And yet , while the film is admittedly crap from start to finish , I personally found it to be a pretty entertaining piece of crap regardless of its numerous flaws
Yes , Jason Statham kicks some booty . Yes , he takes off his shirt many many times . Do you really need anything else from this review ?
... Transporter 3 does manage to sporadically capture one 's interest with its expectedly thrilling action sequences ...
Who cares about the laws of physics when there 's a chance for some really cool and stylish acrobatics ? That 's what athlete-turned actors and special effects are for !
What we want from a title like Transporter 3 is breakneck excitement , incredible physicality , and enough awe-inspired knuckle busting to make us forget the lack of a cohesive narrative or solid characterization . Our nuclear namesake ca n't even get the adr
... a good old-fashioned genre film that delivers and does it well enough to stand on its own .
The franchise takes a good turn in Transporter 3 .
It falls flat on all fronts , with a ridiculous , nonsensical story ; drab , lifeless characters ; and action sequences more worthy of direct-to-DVD distribution than the silver screen .
With Jason Bourne and a rebooted James Bond bringing the action genre back down to earth , Jason Statham 's dashing wheelman has stepped into the vacuum and given audiences the shallow , dopey , gadget-heavy , anti-realistic thrills they deserve .
Makes good on its formula with no pretensions .
Another enjoyable if not particularly memorable installment .
The Transporter series turned Brit actor Jason Statham into a movie star . But maybe it 's time to hang up his car keys . He 's better than this .
With a surfeit of plot , Transporter 3 stills ends up defying logic and most of the laws of physics by the time its explosive climax rolls around .
What more could a bad-movie fan want ?
An attempt to butch the franchise back up after the thickly frosted , logic-free happenings of the last installment , Transporter 3 actually prefers gloom and doom , thus creating a joyless machine of violence .
A stiflingly dull and useless caper that 's all the more aggravating when you recall how giddy the original film was .
-LSB- It -RSB- could never be deemed a ` good movie ' but it 's one of those bad movies so entertaining and fun it 's hard to fully condemn it .
The director of the third Transporter movie has given himself the name ` Olivier Megaton . ' Too easy , you say ? Very well . Make your own ` bomb ' joke .
The most frustrating entry into a series that has never set the bar terribly high .
Eurotrash ... a splashy but tedious retread that suggests the franchise has totally run out of gas .
This is not a real plot , and because it wastes so much time trying to convince us that it is , Transporter 3 is n't any fun .
As disposable as a travel toothbrush , and an effective palate cleanser between the boredom of Twilight and the heavy Oscar contenders coming soon .
The third time 's the bomb -- and not in a good way .
It 's thanks to the Transporter series that there is an international super-action genre outside of James Bond . That 's a good thing .
A perfunctory action film which drives around in noisy circles but goes nowhere .
In the third chapter , Besson and company neglect all issues of plot -LRB- cliche -RRB- and characters -LRB- routine -RRB- and instead tripple the visceral action sequences , placing Jason Statham center-stage while taking full advantage of his physical and erotic appeal .
-LSB- An -RSB- anemic sequel .




@highlight

This middling installment in the Transporter franchise is a few steps down from its predecessors , featuring generic stunts and a lack of energy .