This is chilling stuff , worthy of the most cunning of fictional thrillers but all too horrifyingly real ...
Basically preaching to the choir , of course . But that does n't mean that the sermon is n't one that needs to be heard .
You have to question any movie that feels compelled to spend the last 5 minutes justifying itself as each expert explains why it was their patriotic duty to make this movie .
Packs a powerful punch if you 're ready for a lesson in foreign policy .
Needs to be seen .
Made up of almost nothing but talking heads , and no matter how cogent their statements , it makes for a pretty static movie that 's unlikely to engage anyone opposed to its point of view .
Condoleeza Rice says : `` Saddam Hussein cavorts with terrorists . ''
It should also be required viewing for thoughtful hawks ; Greenwald 's restrained approach wo n't insult their intelligence , and will give them plenty to chew over .
This feature actually is better suited as an episode of PBS ' Frontline than as a theatrical release .
Despite its slant , the movie offers some illuminating details , and director Robert Greenwald constructs a solid argument that the Iraq war was driven more by expedient politics than facts .
Unrolls like an American tragedy ... If you thought Fahrenheit 9/11 burned the Bush administration , Uncovered pours gasoline on the flames .
Director Greenwald backs up his claim that the media acted like Bush administration lap dogs in covering the lead-up to a bogus war .
Uncovered : The War on Iraq is like a trial lawyer 's summation during a lengthy case in which allegations are familiar but their full context is not .
Any person voting in this year 's presidential election owes it to America 's future to see this film .
Uncovered has no interest in explaining the Bush administration 's case for war for them : This is the prosecution 's argument , and it is extremely well-made .
This documentary makes an effective argument that is n't likely to spur much debate , despite the efforts of the filmmakers to do just that .
Nothing in Uncovered : The War on Iraq will change your opinion , but it may give you bullet points to back up your cocktail-party arguments .
If you 've ever wondered why we got into the Iraq war and what still faces us there , this is the film that can explain it to you -LRB- even if you agree with Bush 's policies -RRB- .
There is nothing new in Robert Greenwald 's sobering doc .
Clearheaded , practical and plenteous in evidence but smart and confident enough not to berate you .
For those who want facts -LRB- or at least authoritative opinions -RRB- rather than flash and bluster , Uncovered is for you .
Methodically presents the Bush Administration 's rationale for invading the Iraq and then systematically dismantles it .
A rather redundant shredder , President Bush 's war policy having shredded itself . But in force and focus this sober indictment is devastating .
A thorough indictment of the Bush administration 's focus on Iraq .
Even though Greenwald has an extensive Hollywood background , his showmanship abandons him when he takes on partisan projects such as this one .
Starts in an unusually calm and measured way for a documentary critical of that particular military adventure . All antiwar docs , it turns out , are not cut from the same cloth .
This hastily slapped-together festival of talking heads is so staid , one longs for some of Moore 's look-at-me theatrics , and despite the movie 's sober-citizen approach , it 's no less one-sided than Fahrenheit 9/11 .
Cogent ... this too-rare piece of skeptical journalism may play a significant role in our consideration of this moment in history .
Uncovered may not have the acerbic tone of Michael Moore 's Fahrenheit 9/11 , but it 's every bit a damning indictment .
Unlike the indulgent Moore , Greenwald here dispenses with manipulation , theatrics and tricks and lets his often-angry experts wax convincingly .
Greenwald does nothing with the interviews , basically just posting them , one after the other , with the hope that viewers will do his job for him . The result is one-sided and bone-dry .
Provides compelling arguments that even those on the right wing of the political spectrum will be hard pressed to entirely refute .
Greenwald assembled an authoritative stream of analysts to point out the self-venerating mentality of an administration that does n't know when it 's been outed .
Smart , engaging discourse .
Strongly support what critics of the Bush administration 's unilateral Iraq policy have claimed all along .
A film that 's a model of a concise , cogent case for the prosecution .
A crisp historical document that is worth your time .
The movie manages to slap some of the cynicism out of you , even if it feels more like a box of dossiers than a documentary .
After listening to this steady anti-Bush drumbeat for the past several months , even the most devout progressives may start to feel as if they 've heard much of this sermon a hundred times before .
Because the clips are more than just sounds bites , Uncovered is more successful than Fahrenheit 9/11 in capturing President Bush as a deer-in-the-headlights .
Robert Greenwald 's sober , meticulous film patiently chronicles the ever-shifting case for war made by President Bush and his close advisers .
The result is memorable ; viewing is mandatory .
Moore created a movie ; Greenwald gives us a cinematized blog .
Those willing to forgo style for substance will find it an educational primer on the deeper criticisms being raised by those who oppose the president 's Iraq policy .
A methodical case against the Bush administration 's rationale for the war in Iraq -- a calm , rational and utterly devastating point-by-point analysis .




@highlight

A political doc that methodically and effectively argues its case .