Clocking in at just over two hours , the movie delivers only about half an hour of fun .
The narrative of this series needs a major wake-up-call if it does n't want to lull audiences to sleep with the same old fantasy plotting and repetitious action sequences .
The newest chapter has a mermaid rampage shot like Ovidian Piranha outtakes , variously mummified cameos by Ponce de León and Keith Richards , and heightened contrasts between sandpapery skin and powdered perukes . In 3D ! And it 's entirely useless .
It was WAY too long . It was WAY too bloated . It was WAY too self-indulgent . The plot was WAY too complicated .
Eyeliner or not , Depp is still the reason to see the movie ... to see any of the Pirate movies probably .
More safe than swashbuckling , On Stranger Tides basically pirates its own predecessors . But , hey , it 'll keep the fans entertained .
The Pirates of the Caribbean series continues with this typically overlong and mostly unwatchable entry ...
The fact that Mr. Marshall ca n't even measure up is more than a bit embarrassing .
Did anybody ask for this ?
Precisely the movie this series should be producing now , a generic , harmless spectacle with the added bonus of Johnny Depp goofing off .
A movie so dark , dank and devoid of coherence that you 'd swear it exists only to pillage gullible buckos of their bucks .
Great production design and a couple well done action scenes make this one somewhat enjoyable .
Competent , but joyless .
There is fun to be had and it 's exciting -LRB- for a moment -RRB- to see Captain Jack Sparrow on the big screen again but the overall production suffers from franchise burnout .
The action ... ranges from fun swashbuckling , to tedious parrying , to outright terribly edited , CGI funk that completely defies any kind of physical presence .
`` Pirates of the Caribbean : On Stranger Tides '' is not really a bad film , it 's more so a disappointing and forgettable one
... continues not only the tale of -LRB- the Sparrow and Barbossa -RRB- rivalry but also why -LRB- and how well -RRB- they ever worked together to begin with .
By the end of the film you get the feeling that Depp himself is wondering just how much longer he can fake the funk for a paycheck .
Captain Jack Sparrow is running on fumes in this enjoyable , but middling , forgettable sequel .
It 's not as bad as everyone says . It 's just missing the playfulness of the first two films .
If it had been cut to about 90 minutes , this could have been a bright and breezy adventure that zipped along at a cracking pace . As it is , it 's a rather bloated actioner that has one or two great moments .
You know the old saying ` less is more ? ' I present to you exhibit A : ` Pirates of the Caribbean : On Stranger Tides . '
Continues to steer the same course as its predecessor sequels , focusing on convoluted storylines that zap all the fun and energy that made the first film so great .
An unsteady plot and mostly juvenile humor take over for much of the film 's 137 minutes , which though blessedly shorter than installments two and three still feels a little long .
Director Rob Marshall stages slapstick like dance choreography and action like a theme park ride . Which I guess is appropriate ...
After four movies , Pirates is beginning to feel a bit like a soggy , waterlogged plank that 's been afloat in the salty sea a bit too long .
Saying that less is more with reference to a film that vomits so much over its audience is absurd yet oddly appropriate here .
Pirates of the Caribbean : On Stranger Tides suffers from an extraordinary lack of imagination , something that can not be said of its predecessors , convoluted and impenetrable though they may have certainly been .
Disney-sanitizer wafts through -- there are few bloody , mercenary moments . Some action sequences are cartoonish . And for such a talky picture , the dialogue 's not charged enough .
This is a darker , more soulful entry with some fun set pieces . But it 's definitely wearying and no amount of candle-lit exposition can make a slight plot interesting . Time to lay anchor for good ?
Fourth Pirates Loses Map to Plot ...
As far as franchise films go , this one is better than the previous two . On its own , the film still lacks depth , but is at least entertaining .
Pirates 4 a worthy adventure .
Remember how fresh and novel Pirates of the Caribbean seemed in 2003 ? Remember the fun of seeing Johnny Depp 's off-the-wall portrayal of Captain Jack Sparrow for the first time ? It may be It may be hard to think back that far , because the lumbering ...
This is junk that will only excite the least demanding audiences ... and kids too young to follow storyline
This installment is better than the last two , in the way that a broken leg is better than a punctured lung .
The mermaid attack is a worthy blockbuster spectacle but Johnny Depp 's once intoxicating originality has all but evaporated ; it 's more of the tired same .
An early sequence in Pirates of the Caribbean : On Stranger Tides showcases its best idea : two Captain Jack Sparrows .
It all goes on and on , and becomes excessively complicated without becoming clever , and there 's a real sense of arrogant laziness about the whole production .
just wish this movie had made me feel something , anything , even disappointment or anger . Instead , all I 'm left in is a benign state of indifference .
Welcome to the fourth installment of `` Avast and the Furious . ''
It 's not the summer 's must-see movie , but it 's a fun welcome return to form for a series that proves there are still some exciting escapades of Jack Sparrow yet to be told .
This latest chapter is n't sharp enough to restore the sense of discovery that made that 1st outing so exciting , but it 's enough to make up for most of the missteps of the darn arrgh-inducing third one .
` Aye , ' said one scurvy swab , ` Did ye notice that Penelope is dressed like she be commanding the S.S. El Torito ? '
One of the most exciting sequences in the ` Pirates ' franchise features a spectacular pirates/mermaid clash that makes ` On Stranger Tides ' something special .
Does pretty much what it sets out to do -- play up and on those things that have worked in the previous films . It 's a lot like one of the later Crosby-Hope ` Road ' Pictures .
This film , despite its dazzling special effects , is devoid of originality , character and human values . It is the very embodiment of what is wrong with popular entertainment .
Johnny Depp is always fun to spend time with , but Pirates 4 is Yo ho ho-hum .
You need two chalices , one with a mermaid 's tear in it , which is the one that allows you to drain the years from OH CAN WE JUST SEE PENELOPE CRUZ 'S BOOBS ALREADY ? .
It fails to completely recapture the magic .
Navigation is slow and predictable . The ending is confused and contrived . Not enough working here to keep Depp and Company from walking the plank . Paul Chambers , CNN .
PIRATES of the Caribbean 4 is a welcome return to the fun and frivolous form of the original .
feels largely unnecessary , especially in the way it forces us to realize that Johnny Depp 's Captain Jack Sparrow , who was such a refreshing breath of subversive air back in 2003 , is starting to wear a little thin .
A total bore , without a memorable action sequence , the film miscalculates from the start ...
Harpoon it ; run it through with a saber ; let a vampire mermaid take a bite out of it - but please put this franchise -LRB- and us -RRB- out of its misery .
Does n't really have any kind of personality or identity on its own . It 's just `` the fourth Pirates movie '' .
Pretty good for the first 45 minutes .
Jack Sparrow is forced into this long-winded story , and never given a real reason to be on this so-called adventure .
At least On Stranger Tides aspires towards coherence .
Sadly it 's just as dull , convoluted and needlessly extended as the first two sequels were .
Depp , grimacing , edges in and out of the action and seems irrelevant and bored most of the time .
I 've never seen a film in which what was actually onscreen seemed so irrelevant .
A poorly scripted film has its forked tongue sticking out of both cheeks .
Rob Marshall should walk the plank .
The laughs are few and far between , some bad CG effects mar the better sequences , Depp 's performance does n't have the lustre it once had , and the movie 's plot does n't so much defy logic as tie it up and make it walk the plank .
Bears little relationship to the spry , hilarious blockbuster that spawned it . It 's a dead-eyed corporate facsimile .
I do n't know who to blame for such an awful looking movie - the Director or Cinematographer . If I have to spend 2 1/2 hours in this world , can they at least make it watchable ? ''
Depp retains his charm as Jack Sparrow , but the movie is too long and sloppy
The series has simply run out of steam . Though better than its predecessor , this chapter owes everything to the Herculean strength of Johnny Depp 's charm and the presence of Geoffrey Rush and Ian McShane .
Captain Jack 's roots are n't the only thing that 's gone nappy ; the 137 minutes of so-so swashbuckling and tired Tarzan-eque rope swinging packs the punch of Tylenol PM and coconut rum .
There are two choices . One is irritation that nothing really makes sense , including the subtitle . The other is to lower expectations and enjoy Jack Sparrow , who is , after all , the only reason the franchise made it past the first film
Johnny Depp 's alcoholic , asexual , speech-slurring sea captain , flat 3D that darkens the picture considerably , and nonsensical stories are surely passé by now .
Watching this film in 3D is like trying to eat your dinner with a sheet of plastic wrap over it .
This ship has sailed , wrecked and sunk right into a Hollywood abyss of nonsense .
If the first two sequels were fairly agreeable examples of popcorn fare , then Pirates of the Caribbean : On Stranger Tides represents the grimace-inducing alternative : the unpopped kernel that just sits there , bereft of almost all value .
There was no need for this movie at all , except , perhaps , to finance paving Bruckheimer 's driveway in gold leaf . And really , Johnny , how many chateaux in France do you need ?
Sadly the fourth installment , while showing flashes of originality , fails to reverse the downward trend .
It 's an improvement over the last two films , but really ... a good solid blow to the head would have been an improvement over the last two films .
... unforgivably , does n't achieve a single rousing moment - a staple of any successful swashbuckler .
Since this is a PG-13 Disney production , Depp and Cruz do more swashing than unbuckling here . There is , however , a naughty backstory , something to do with a nunnery mistaken for a brothel .
On Stranger Tides is arrgh-uably the best franchise sequel yet . Faint praise , to be sure .
Diverting , loud , occasionally amusing , instantly forgettable , and less than what we expect from this series .
I , for one , get a tremendous kick out of Depp as Captain Jack . The character is smart , unpredictable and a whole lot of fun , which makes me more than willing to climb aboard and tag along no matter how ridiculous or overwrought his adventures get .
In true franchise fashion , the set design and action sequences are all fun to look at . Then again , that 's all a mere façade for deep down , On Stranger Tides is entirely empty .
a fun family adventure worthy of the Disney pedigree it boasts
On Stranger Tides is not an exceptional summer popcorn movie , but it provides acceptable summer fun .
It 's competently made and contains some thrills , but you 'll probably forget everything about it by the time you get home from the theater .
Barely fresh . On Stranger Tides is 30 minutes too long and could use a little more plot on the poop deck .
Not nearly as consistently exhilarating as the first installment , but , with Rob Marshall at the helm , it 's less convolute and more thrilling than the last two . Stick around after the end credits for a stinger .
As for the sequel 's use of 3D , other than the odd sword being jabbed at you , it 's inconsequential .
On Stranger Tides has the faint stink of a phoned-in cash grab , and box office receipts will likely confirm fears that this is not the last we 've heard from Jack Sparrow and company .
I knew this two-hour cruise was in trouble when I found myself resisting the urge to check my email halfway through Jack 's first big escape .
Ahoy me hearties , No. 4 is surprisingly not bad .
The franchise is getting tired , but Penelope energizes it ...
Frankly , it does n't matter how great the film turns out -- it 's all about Depp -- Depp playing this loopy pirate , whom I happen to be gaga over .
The rest of the movie has a hard time living up to the opening sequences -- but the absolutely terrific original score by Hans Zimmer makes most of the scenes come alive .
You know , there was a time when the Pirates of the Caribbean franchise supplied as many jaw-dropping thrills as the Disney theme park attraction by which it was inspired . But now it provides about as much enjoyment as waiting in line for said ride .
Everything about this installment feels way past its expiration date . I would n't be surprised to find there was mold growing on the actual film prints .
Boring , tedious , murky and about as fun to experience as walking the plank -LRB- Parental Content Review also available -RRB-
It 's never quite clear what the relationship between Jack and Angelica is . Sometimes it 's love , sometimes it 's hate ; it probably depended on who was writing the script that day .
For all his comments about not minding if he played Jack Sparrow forever , Depp appears weary of this sport . He 's too dedicated to phone it in but sameness is n't something he 's comfy with.There 's less swish in his swashbuckling .
If there is to be a Pirates 5 , they should run up the distress flag and get new writers : even if they have to kidnap them .
Ian McShane gives Blackbeard as much menace as a goofball romp can handle .
Remember how fresh and novel Pirates of the Caribbean seemed in 2003 ? Remember the fun of seeing Johnny Depp 's off-the-wall portrayal of Captain Jack Sparrow for the first time ? It may be hard to think back that far , because ...
Lacking wit and imagination , On Stranger Tides hurls less-than-riveting action .
A big budgeted , emotionless vehicle that makes one wonder if Depp should seriously take the bandana off Jack Sparrow 's head and let him and franchise rest .
You 'll go , you 'll enjoy , and a month from now you wo n't remember much about it .
The film concludes with plenty of expectation for a sequel - indeed , producer Jerry Bruckheimer has said a screenplay is in the works for a fifth Pirates . But it might be time for this franchise to furl its sails .
Pointless Pirates
More swashbuckling + less violence = OK for older tweens .
Except for one moment in the climactic Fountain of Youth scene , I never once thought , wow , what a magical place I 'm being invited to visit .
It has the feel of a TV drama renewed for one season too many , a last , furtive run at the till before it closes for business .
Just when you thought a Disney theme-park ride could n't possibly spawn four feature-length films , here we go again .
Small kids wo n't really appreciate Johnny Depp either , though frankly he 's getting to be less fun as the series ages , possibly realizing that what 's riskiest in Pirates 4 is n't walking the plank , but jumping the shark .
The fourth ` Pirates ' chronicles a quest for the fabled fountain of youth ; the film itself represents a desire for rejuvenation .
Depp sleepwalks through action sequences and relies on mannerisms during the dialogue . Perhaps he 's saving himself for a string of sequels that will stretch monotonously into eternity .
With further sequels already in the works , and billions more to be made , I would nevertheless like to point out that the wind went out of these pirate ship sails a long time ago .
The band is back together ... but the rock-n-roll anarchy has faded away . The newcomers do n't amount to much more than session musicians asked to keep the same beats that drove the previous three films .
Although it tries to give the Pirates of the Caribbean franchise a fresh start , this lackluster fourth installment instead confirms that the series ' charms have worn off .
An underwhelming pirate saga .
Good grief . Another one ?
While `` On Stranger Tides '' is the shortest of the four `` Pirates '' films , its two-hour , 17-minute running time is still far too indulgent .
We ca n't put much blame on director Rob Marshall , who was handed a series that made a splash from the get-go but sank long before arriving on Stranger Tides .
Playing straight man to Depp may have been a thankless task , but without Will to goad and mock , and without Elizabeth to flirt with and discomfit , Sparrow 's roguish schtick palls .
Do n't go to see Part Four unless you are really into the series and actually do want more . Tick that box , though , and this should be just a bit of fun .
Ultimately this franchise is still afloat . Just .
The best thing about the pared-down running time is that it takes the focus off of enormous sea creatures and puts it squarely back on Depp 's enormous charm .
Severely suffers from simplicity , trying to blanket the brain cramps experienced by those who chose not to keep up with many of the unappreciated intricacies of its predecessors .
On Stranger Tides is nearly as fleet-footed and fun as the very first film , released in 2003 .
It 's all very busy , and it 's been shot in 3-D , which means every stunt looks like a badly processed visual effect even when it is n't .
Marshall deserves props for putting the `` show '' back into the Pirates business . But face it , he 's polishing a giant turd .
The `` stranger tides '' of the title are nowhere apparent , it being merely the same clotted , nonsensical to-ing and fro-ing as before .
This is the shortest movie in the Pirates bunch and it seemed five hours long , and whatever hypnotic spell it used to cast on me is n't effective anymore .
The movie was written by `` Pirates '' stalwarts Ted Elliott and Terry Rossio . They 're funny guys , and the script might well be funny too , but it 's hard to tell from the metronome rhythms set for the actors by the director , Rob Marshall ...
`` On Stranger Tides '' feels as fresh and bracingly exhilarating as the day Jack Sparrow first swashed his buckle , infusing new reckless energy into a franchise that shows no signs of furling its sails .
How do you make Penelope Cruz and mermaids boring ?!?!?
As far as a summer popcorn film , `` Stranger Tides '' is more of a bridge to the movie that is come .
The more sequels spun off , the clearer it becomes that one movie about these swashbucklers would have sufficed .
A simpler , more coherent and amusing adventure that is the most fun in the series - and shortest - since the original .
Cutlasses flash , music swells , mast sways , critic yawns .
Founders on the rocks of dull backstory , too many characters and a sense of tiredness .
The film runs aground courtesy of Marshall 's plodding direction and a lifeless script .
It is truly strange that a film setting out to be pure entertainment , so full of stars and special effects , should be so mortifyingly dull - although , then again , as Dr Johnson said : `` Nothing is more hopeless than a scheme of merriment . ''
This is the fourth movie ; it feels like the twentieth .
This fourth film did its job of bringing back a lot of the goofy fun missing from the first two sequels .
Played with the same menace he showed in HBO 's `` Deadwood '' by the great Ian McShane , Blackbeard is to Jack Sparrow what Robert Shaw 's Red Grant was to James Bond in `` From Russia With Love : '' the baddest mother in the movie .
Shows all the symptoms of a franchise that has passed its sell-by date .
Johnny Depp and director Rob Marshall attempt to steer the soggy franchise back on course with this goof of an installment .
`` You have n't changed , '' Cruz says to Depp . `` I have n't found the need , '' he replies . And that pretty much sums up the enterprise .
This franchise , like many of the `` arrgh ! '' - spouting pirates who have come before Captain Jack Sparrow , is dead in the water .
Mostly , Marshall works to keep the computer graphics from completely overwhelming the action , and staying out of the way of his cast .
seems like an apt live-action candidate for the Disney direct-to-DVD library
For all his faults , Gore Verbinski at least handled the action with panache . Those movies thrummed with derring-do . This one sinks .
If you want to burden your movie from the outset , give it a protagonist who ca n't grow , ca n't change , ca n't feel and wants nothing . Then give Depp total license to mug his way out of this confinement .
For those crusty old barnacles who found the first three films headache-inducing bores , Pirates 4 offers a much more satisfying voyage .
This fourth episode is being pitched as a reboot of the franchise . Nothing could be further from the truth .
Dead Man 's Chest and At World 's End meandered so far off course , and took so long to get there , that almost any Act 4 encore would qualify as a quantum leap forward .
There 's enough of Jack doing his wild hand gestures and lucking his way into the story that Depp fans will dig it . These Stranger Tides lead to a shallow pool , but sometimes a nice wading session might be all you require .
... a movie for which the term `` dire mess '' seems entirely insufficient .
It defies criticism , since quality is clearly irrelevant to its success or otherwise . It is loud , bombastic - and extravagantly boring .
resigned to regurgitating its bird 's dinner into the mouths of a nation of idiot babies
The quest for the Fountain of Youth is weightless filler that means nothing , with little broader ramifications .
Never amounts to more than a bunch of noisy action scenes loosely strung together by a lackluster plot with no sense of excitement or adventure .
There 's little if anything here to keep us emotionally invested , and so the pile-it-on mutinies and sword fights and perilous dives off vertiginous cliffs exist just to wow us .
Seems to share Blackbeard 's mercenary dedication to finding its own Fountain of Youth , to keep `` Pirates '' alive beyond its natural point of expiration . Which was 2006 .
... now , Captain Jack is more of a punch line with his mincing totter , fluttering wrists and gold-toothed lushy mush mouth ... the film 's still too long and not exhilarating enough to remedy `` Pirates '' fatigue .
I would n't call `` On Stranger Tides '' a disaster , but it does take everything that was charming about the first film and remixes it far less carefully and at a slower pitch , rendering it mildly diverting and shockingly sludgy .
A real stinker .
Far better than Verbinski 's last two Pirates films , incoming director Rob Marshall keeps the subplots to a minimum , the action the max , and Depp onscreen virtually throughout . Summer has arrived : More grog , please .
POTC was never about nuance , and now it 's even less so : It 's about watching Depp fall into peril and wriggle his way out , over and over , for hours .
Depp , back again as the swashbuckling miscreant who favors guy-liner and gold , somehow manages to keep this ship of fools afloat . But just barely .
This Pirates comes closer than ever to the whimsy and sparkle of the first film , giving the audience what it wants and keeping the monkey business to a minimum .
The problem with attempting to replicate the ` magic , ' such as it was , of Pirates of the Caribbean : The Curse of the Black Pearl is you get something very close to a replica , minus the novelty .
Never lives up to - or , for that matter , does anything to deserve - the recent parody tribute offered by Michael Bolton in a `` Saturday Night Live '' digital short ...
Depp 's woozy , ribald - but this time , disappointingly less gonzo - Jack Sparrow remains one of the most endearing and enduring caricatures in modern film .
This episode feels like the fourth film in a trilogy , wheezing along when it should leap , relying on our affection for recurring characters rather than taking us on a bold new journey of discovery .
Producer Jerry Bruckheimer serves up another five-course meal of cinematic fast food , with all the familiar ingredients in exact measurements and just enough flavor to make them palatable .
No matter how much Cruz and Depp squabble during the quest to find the Fountain of Youth , no real sparks fly .
For me , it 's too much of a muchness .
a joyless , mediocre exercise which drowns this once-interesting franchise in cynical , repetitious audience pandering .
If this standard is maintained , I ca n't wait to walk the plank for a fifth time .
The new captain is Rob Marshall , who scrapes off a few of the barnacles that clung to the last effort . But he ca n't avoid the feeling that this adventure has run aground .
Some might find their enthusiasm for the Pirates films sinking . I have to say that mine is still there , just about .
A long , slow voyage through shallow water .
Just terrible . A by-the-numbers , paycheck film if ever there was one .
Not as clever as the first , as fun as the second or as epic as the third , On Stranger Tides is still a decently fun swashbuckler it just is n't a very good one .
A rebound from the third film , with Depp in good form , but a disjointed story .
Stranger Tides at least has a story that is relatively comprehensible and keeps its roster of main characters trimmed to a manageable level .
While it 's hilarious fun , it 's also so meandering that it 's a bit dull .
It 's like the last season of a TV show that 's gone on too long , except there are still more seasons/movies to come . Plank , I 'm ready when you are .
... part action flick and part vaudeville act , On Stranger Tides suggests a pirate movie made by Buster Keaton .
On Stranger Tides may not quite be the spectacular return to form Disney had hoped for , but it 's a strong indication that there 's life in the old sea dog yet .
As usual , when the filmmakers get in over their heads it 's Depp who must wade in and get them out of trouble .
Stranger tides ? Stranger than what ? What 's strange , or fresh , about any of the mechanical diversions on offer here ?
Depp retains the ability to rise above the nonsense with his customary sly humour .
A youthful revival this film is not . But a slick , swashbuckin ' romp though the South Seas with a ship full of familiar scallywags it is .
Though this movie ends with a clear indication of more possibilities ahead , I 'm more than ready to let Captain Jack Sparrow rest in rum-soaked peace .
Serves as a reminder of how much fun the first Pirates movie was and how desperately the franchise has been working to recapture that feeling ever since .
There 's no other way to put it : `` On Stranger Tides '' is the best `` Pirates '' film since the original
Apostando em zumbis que não são realmente zumbis , sereias que não são realmente sereias e piratas que parecem mais interessados em fazer graça do que soarem ameaçadores , Piratas do Caribe 4 é uma experiência longa , chata e previsível .
A nonsensical contraption designed simply to take your money . Do n't give it up so easily .
I never thought I 'd miss the overstuffed craziness of Verbinski 's originals - the squiddly extras , the moments of sheer pop surrealism , the Kraken - but `` On Stranger Tides '' is like a familiar house where half the furniture has been sold off .
I do n't usually like to review a movie through the prism of its budget , but , after spending a reported $ 200 million , should n't this one be more of a wow ?
Is n't quite as bad as the last movie in the series , but it 's still a lumbering mess lacking any of the charm of the initial installment .
If you 've seen one swordfight , you 've seen them all , and the convoluted screenplay makes the whole overlong affair feel like more of the same .
Its one real act of piracy is stealing away your excitement .
I dread the inevitable next instalment .
Depp 's caricature is so far past its expiration date that it forces speculation about the actor 's own movie stardom .
The movie is a series of distractions tossed together in the hopes that they will come together in a coherent story . That never really happens .
After those last two sequels , the script 's obesity and deadly pace of On Stranger Tides makes absolutely no sense to me . Perhaps unconscious is truly how the general public prefers their Jack Sparrow adventures .
The pirates of the Caribbean are back , and this time they 've given up on the doubloons and galleons to plunder something really precious . Our time .
It 's alright . But you could probably have more fun with a Pirates Of The Caribbean Lego set .
Extremely -LRB- eye -RRB- patchy , much too long and so slow that it 's practically becalmed , but its good moments are just about enough to make it worthwhile .
Disney has finally arrived at ocean 's bottom : an automated money-minter that hardly requires its audience to stay awake .
We just ca n't get enough of Sparrow himself , though there 's an immense sense of déjà vu and predictability to events throughout this latest film .
Sure , it corrects many of the mistakes that made the last film god-awful , but a step up from god-awful is just awful without as much blasphemy .
It may not leave you wanting more of the pirate 's life , but when you 've got cameos from Dame Judi Dench and Keith Richards you must be doing something right .
Returning to the thematic and narrative simplicity of the franchise 's first film , the latest instalment is a rollicking and surprisingly enjoyable ride .
On Stranger Tides is more in tune with the Chronicles of Narnia movies than the other Pirates ... films , with religious ethic mixing very well with box office spectacle , which should please both secular and Christian audiences .
The Sparrow character is a never-again-to-be-retrieved fortune-making bit of originality that barely fills the sails of what I suspect is the final voyage .
Jack will no doubt live to prance another day , but from Depp 's fey bon mots to a cameoing Keith Richards 's scraggly visage , his swashbuckling series is showing its age .
So much happens , and so little of it means a thing .
The film is as mechanical as the ride from which it is based .
Pirates 4 is a shining example of Hollywood 's ten pages and a bang theory .
The fourth instalment of the Pirates of the Caribbean franchise proves that there is still much fun to be had with Captain Jack Sparrow and a new bunch of supporting characters .
This is not a good movie . It 's empty calories . But I scarfed it down anyway ... . I 'm not embarrassed to admit that I wallowed in On Stranger Tides and let the grease of it stain my fangirl fingers ...
Pirates of the Caribbean : On Stranger Tides feels a little bit like Captain Jack Sparrow fan fiction , although if it really were fan fiction I suspect we 'd see a lot more of star Johnny Depp shirtless ; bedding fair maidens on land and at sea .
The characters extricate themselves far too easily from difficult situations and there 's no sense of excitement .
The film 's tonal signature : it 's called the kitchen sink syndrome , in which farce and escapism sit side by uncomfortable side with odd moments of human drama , adventure and sheer silliness
The potency of the film 's vibrant characters brought to life by a splendid cast drowns in a convoluted , overlong plot , leaving us feeling as though we have witnessed fantastic film craft , but the story is rather boring
One ca n't help but feel that the Disney-Depp partnership has taken the series as far as it can go in this form , and short of a large-scale overhaul of the franchise , it may be best to set these particular Pirates adrift for good .
-LSB- It -RSB- is the shortest in the series . But it still feels overlong and overstuffed : needlessly convoluted yet , at the same time , phoned-in .
Screenwriters Ted Elliott and Terry Rossio fixed all their own sequel problems by simplifying the story .
-LSB- VIDEO -RSB- Depp is clearly having fun . And so are we .
Jack Sparrow really has become a parody of his former self . He may get some decent gags and Depp still plays him with admirable relish , but he 's simply going through the motions .
I was going to make some lame joke about Pirates swashbuckling under the pressure but , in reality , it has n't ; it 's played it safe , it 's stuck to the series ' guns ; to the film 's detriment but probably to the box office 's delight .
... at a mere two hours and eight minutes , the fourth and latest installment is the shortest ... but by the end one feels as if one has had a full 180-minute meal .
If there 's a retirement home for pirates , Jack Sparrow might want to go on a quest to find it .
There 's nothing strange or in any way extraordinary about this dim-witted bore .
Adventurous and action-packed , it splashes with spectacular fun for the entire family .
While not as execrably dull or insufferably long as the third entry , On Stranger Tides lacks even a basic sense of invention and is keen simply to milk the cash cow for another round ...
` On Stranger Tides ' is simply lifeless , a reductive , insulting moneymaking exercise with as much charm and depth as a slot machine .
There 's nothing ` Stranger ' about the tides of commercial appeal on which this entry in the franchise floats . Still , it looks nice .
Despite quality set-pieces and the best efforts of the cast , this is dull and crossbones .
Pirates 4 is the epitome of lazy filmmaking , a movie without a single clever moment , without the least bit of inspiration . It 's a paint by numbers film , charmless and witless .
This saturated saga is dead in the water .
On Stranger Tides is good `` for a Pirates film . ''
Exhausting , confusing and repetitious
Only true fans will be able to get excited about watching essentially the same thing we 've seen three times before .
On this evidence , Jack Sparrow and his merry band can carry on sailing for a few years to come .
`` Pirates of the Caribbean : On Stranger Tides '' injects new vigor into a megabucks franchise and makes for a perfectly acceptable night out .
The picture is cluttered and convoluted and big , and Marshall - taking over the reins from Gore Verbinski - does n't seem to grasp how exhausting nonstop action can be .
Pirates 4 struggles to stay afloat but finally sinks under the weight of its computer-rendered fakery , which the addition of 3-D does absolutely nothing to improve .
On Stranger Tides is neither the best nor worst way to keep the Pirates of the Caribbean money flowing , but it always feels like a franchised product .
Yo ho ho and a bottle of sleeping tablets .
This is a naked cash grab , as ugly and hollow and callous as big-budget filmmaking gets .
The perfect summer movie and perhaps the best Pirates of them all .
The narrative leaves much to be desired , but compared to the previous 2 chapters , at least it offers some thrills , sporadic humor and fun , not to mention Spanish spitfire Penelope Cruz .
A new director and some key cast changes do little to right the ship for the oversized fourth installment in this decreasingly entertaining franchise .
It clomps along , doing all the baseline things you expect from it , and nothing besides .
Pirates of the Caribbean : On Stranger Tides serves as a welcome corrective , reviving the fun , feather-light frivolity that any film based on a Disneyland ride ought to exhibit .
This is more like the fun original , with jokes hitting the mark . It breaths new life into the Caribbean series , but even Captain Jack 's attraction can not be eternal . Can it ?
Captain Jack Sparrow is back in excellent form for his fourth adventure in Pirates of the Caribbean : On Stranger Tides , which is more serious in the hands of a new director , Rob Marshall , and thanks to Penelope Cruz it 's also a good deal sexier .
Not as incomprehensible , or interminable , or rubbish as At World 's End , but no amount of flash and filigree can conceal a disappointingly soulless , directionless adventure-by-numbers .
It 's a succession of ever-escalating action sequences and grand settings . At first they 're stunning , then they 're routine , then they 're wearying .


@highlight

It 's shorter and leaner than the previous sequel , but this Pirates runs aground on a disjointed plot and a non-stop barrage of noisy action sequences .