Rather than serving as another vehicle for Cruise 's charisma , American Made acts as a showcase for supporting player Domhnall Gleeson , who nearly walks away with the movie despite his limited screen time .
Barry Seal is n't even really a hero , but he 's not that great of a criminal either . He just seems to be a string of one liners and even when he 's knees deep in coke , he 's still just that little bit lame .
You have to wonder if the real Barry Seal was as likable as the new true-crime thriller , American Made , makes him out to be , or if it 's simply Tom Cruise 's toothy charisma that makes him seem so .
American made is worth watching ... it 's a fascinating look at the `` War on Drugs . ''
American Made is as middle-of-the-road as they come ; if the weather is particular depressing and you genuinely have nothing better to do - we 've all been there - think about giving American Made a go .
The Barry Seal you see onscreen is the man Cruise wants you to see : a guy with limited skills and a lot of dumb luck . It 's an energetic and convincing performance .
`` Made '' is a hugely entertaining and unpredictable blend of a less offensive Wolf of Wall Street and a Southern-fried Goodfellas .
... it 's fun , bold , smart and a return to form for Cruise ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
American Made is ultimately an anodyne cautionary tale , even if it has a swell time hanging out with psychopaths and is almost light-hearted in the portrayal of drug trafficking and murder .
American Made is a great laugh if like me you 're happy enough watching rise-and-fall tales of American hubris you 've seen a few times before
It 's easy to root for Seal , because it seems like he 's just along for the ride because it 's more fun than flying short hops for TWA . And we 're along for the ride , because this is a way better Tom Cruise movie than The Mummy .
Antiheroes require an actor that radiates charisma , so it 's no shock that Tom Cruise -LRB- reunited with Edge of Tomorrow director Doug Liman -RRB- makes for a likable drug runner , gun smuggler , and greedy scumbag whose financial thirst can not be quenched
... a sporadically intriguing yet hopelessly slapdash endeavor that could -LRB- and should -RRB- have been so much better ...
Tom Cruise -LSB- is -RSB- in a restored state of grace . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's not a bad way to spend some time , but neither is it enough to jump on a plane to see it . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
-LSB- American Made -RSB- is most pleasant . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Tom Cruise seems to be having a great time playing this real-life figure but the film never goes beyond the superficial elements of this man 's life .
American Made is funny , insightful , controversial and spunky all at once .
` American Made ' was made for Cruise .
Unsurprisingly , what keeps the film from succumbing to its pace and tying everything together is Tom Cruise .
It 's a role suited to Tom Cruise who portrays the lead character as a likeable larrikin who lacks intelligence but makes up for it with charm and personality .
Cruise is terrific and entertaining , freewheeling and funny , and many years into his career , he still carries himself like one of Hollywood 's top guns .
Great storytelling and a playfully great performance by Cruise make this one of the star 's better films .
Liman and Cruise keep things at surface level , delivering an enjoyably audacious caper but neglecting the context and subtext that could have made it something more .
Tom does it well , but it has all been done before , and better .
This is a fascinating story told in a fascinating way . Much recommended for those who crave to see Tom Cruise in films beyond the formulaic but entertaining Mission Impossible series .
All in all , it 's a pretty diverting afternoon at the cinema .
Kudos to Cruise , a proven master at consistently cranking out satisfying cinematic fare certain to keep you glued to the edge of your seat .
Cruise gets to toy with his trademark cockiness in ways that are consistently amusing , and we 're quickly reminded of why his star persona has proved so indelible for so long .
The joy in watching `` American Made '' is considerably driven by Cruise 's wide-eyed astonishment with every twist and turn happening to Seal . This is a role that was tailor-made for the 55-year-old-actor .
But by the time the movie roared to its shockingly grim , remarkably embittered ending , American Made had won me over .
Barry Seal is a real historical figure , but this film portrays a number of events surrounding his smuggling activities in ways that seem to deviate substantially from the facts . It makes for quite a fantastic yarn .
Cruise dominates in this solid , helluva ride . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Like liquor-running evolved into NASCAR , Cruise and a jovial script spins Iran-Contra darkness into the wink-wink , boys-will-be-boys rear-view glow we Americans enjoy shining on our culture .
-LSB- American Made -RSB- fails to present us a film that in much more capable hands , could have become a classic . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
-LSB- Cruise -RSB- standing in for a portly , devil-may-care Louisianan is an epic miscast .
The cast shines , but it will always be at the command of what Tom Cruise has to offer us and he ultimately does not disappoint us . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Writing that this is `` historically inaccurate '' does n't do it justice ... Regardless of the silly political stuff Liman tries to foist on the audience , the movie is very well done and is highly entertaining .
Its colorful style recalls the flamboyant amorality of GoodFellas and Blow , and it 's often funnier and more succinct than either .
As stylish and dirty as it is devilishly witty .
It skitters and jumps , shivers and boot-scoots , never , ever sitting still . You could say it 's like `` Blow , '' on well , blow . But there 's a breezy sunniness to this film , which looks like a faded snapshot reclaimed from an '80s photo album .
The director-star dynamic made a hit of their first movie together -LRB- Edge of Tomorrow -RRB- , and it 's what makes American Made work , too .
Light , fun and exciting ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
American Made is an undeniably good time .
The movie 's a bit of a mess , but it does enough things really well that it 's always fun to watch .
What works best about Cruise in American Made is that it 's a role seemingly scripted for him .
American Made is the kind of movie that insists reality is much more implausible - and entertaining - than fiction .
Cruise is locked in , with a slight Southern drawl painted over his usual onscreen persona , but it 's a good fit for his movie star charms . He 's having fun , so the audience follows .
One assumes that Cruise got this film made , yet he 's a terrible fit for the role : he 's always done his best work portraying smart , insightful characters in dramatic stories , but Seal was a yahoo whose sorry escapades are played here for cynical laughs .
Edgy , engaging and adrenaline-charged , proving once again that America is the land of opportunity ... .
The result is an easy old watch that does n't stretch Cruise one jot and gives him plenty of opportunity to combine floppy fringe and flashes of pearly whites to familiar effect .
American Made is first and foremost Cruise 's chance to show who 's still top gun , down to the aviator trade and sunglasses .
American Made is a conventional true story crime caper that stays afloat thanks to Liman 's solid direction and Cruise 's committed turn as an antihero .
I 'm sure in 20 years ' time we will be watching another hot actor -LRB- or maybe actress -RRB- show us a story of the nutty crap that is probably going on as we speak in the current administration .
The tragedy is all there : the coke-fuelled Icarus , the shadow side of the Reagan era , and our perpetual need to make heroes . American Made knows what it is , yet , by for the very same reason , it ca n't explore the tragic side . It would n't be American .
Tom Cruise 's latest is almost subversive in its breezy , anti-US attitude .
Without realizing it , American Made is a wincing metaphor for Tom Cruise 's movie career-which , come to think of it , is exclusively and embarrassingly American made , too .
Well-crafted , if woefully familiar .
American Made gives director Doug Liman and charismatic star Tom Cruise a superior vehicle and plays to their strengths . It 's a solid piece of entertainment that takes a stranger-than-fiction story and brings it to life in convincing fashion .
Just when it seemed as if we had lost Tom Cruise to the ranks of paycheck-cashing automatons no longer interested in applying themselves on screen , along comes American Made to show there 's still some life left in the maverick actor .
This is Cruise 's show all the way , and he delivers with a performance that will take you higher than any drug or airplane ever could .
Those of you who thought earlier this year that Tom Cruise was on the verge of being Mummified as an actor , do n't worry .
The ` cheeky ' opening title card tells us Gary Spinelli 's screenplay is ` based on a true lie , ' and it is this flippant treatment that keeps the film from soaring higher .
Mostly enjoyable and only slightly too long .
The march to judge Cruise 's career dead is premature . His charm and energy and willingness to look like hell elevates this movie . He 's terrific and its a lot of fun .
Enjoyment is virtually guaranteed . Misgivings are optional . They 're for the walk out into the parking lot -- and after .
The impetuous pace of the film is at one with its moral shamelessness , and , without thinking , we sign up for both .
Tailor-made for Tom Cruise , playing to his charisma , athleticism , humor , even his pilot skills .
It 's no masterpiece , but it makes a complex story breezy and engaging .
A serious treatment might have been more informative , but probably not as entertaining .
Cruise and Liman ask us to share Seal 's kicks and risk , right up until the inevitable crash puts a stark exclamation point on what has been an enjoyably crazed ride .
Cruise dominates , as he has in every recent movie , but this time , it actually works in the story 's favour .
Quite an airy romp , American Made is worth checking out .
If it is n't always as focused or as deep as I wanted it to be , that does not make the finished feature any less invigorating , this romp into arrogant American excess a tragic flight of fancy well worth taking .
The story of Barry Seal is indeed a fascinating one but this film just does n't know what to do with it-it is the kind that makes you want to immediately seek out a book or straightforward documentary that offer a fuller picture of what transpired .
It 's a movie made to thrill rather than unnerve , and that 's because at the end of the day , Cruise is still making movies where he needs to be liked .
The outrageous exploits make the presentation a natural for fast-paced energy and hijinks , and Cruise looks like he 's having the time of his life hustling everyone , including himself at times .
Cruise 's Seal often tells his own story in American Made , but it 's hard to know when he 's on the level . Perhaps it 's that difficulty that makes the tale so fascinating 30 years after he flew covert missions .
Together , Cruise and -LSB- director Doug -RSB- Liman inject a carefreeness to the character and film , respectively , that is reminiscent of Martin Scorsese 's `` Goodfellas . ''
-LSB- Tom -RSB- Cruise gives his energetic all to the role , but he , too , does n't seem to be quite aware that Seal was morally compromised far beyond the shallow confines of this film .
Unfortunately , Gary Spinelli 's script becomes too unwieldy for even a superstar like Cruise to carry the load all by himself .
Seal 's story is a fascinating one worth investigating ... As played by Cruise , he 's like Maverick gone to seed .
Tom Cruise delivers his most audacious - and best - performance in years in this amazing and notorious true story that just might blow your mind .
Liman appears to be the only director working these days that can pull old Tom Cruise out of his malaise and make him deliver the performances we know Tom Cruise can deliver .
Following The Mummy , American Made is easily the best Tom Cruise film of 2017 , though it never strikes quite the right tone for the story it 's trying to tell .
This is a black comedy , and irony is n't Cruise 's most natural mode , yet by playing Seal as a slightly dimwitted cheeseball on the make , he gets into the movie 's you-can ` t-make-up-this-stuff spirit .
The movie has a nice , low-key amiability , and it finally puts Tom Cruise back in synch with his talent .
Cruise 's best movie in about a decade - a return to the type of role that made him a star in the first place .
Cruise 's performance here is decidedly and admirably calm .
The film 's high may be fleeting , but it provides quite the buzz while it lasts .
It 's nobody 's idea of an action masterpiece . But American Made is a blast , leveraging star Tom Cruise 's on-screen wattage and comedic sense while telling a heck of a story that again confirms truth is stranger than fiction .
The quick smile and familiar Cruise charm is obviously hiding something out of place with the character-Seal was more lucky than clever . I got it , because the weakness is there in this slick performance , you just have to look closely .
Tom Cruise once again refuses to act his age , this time prancing merrily into some extreme mayhem and a cadre of mostly notorious , '80s - era newsmakers .
Is Tom Cruise trying to apologize for his Reagan-friendly ` need for speed ? '
It 's a grand performance of toothy grins , aw-shucks charm and pure movie star magnetism . Barry 's so much fun to watch you keep forgetting he 's one of the bad guys .
An intermittently amusing and muddled retelling of the beginnings of the Iran-contra affair .
A terrific Tom Cruise performance anchors a dark , cynical dive into Reagan 's America that serves as a counterpoint to ` Top Gun ' .
Cruise plays this mostly for laughs , and it 's a return to the screen of the charmer of his earlier films .
It 's a morbidly fascinating comedy , an insinuating mock documentary , and a twisted take on the American dream , audaciously masquerading as a high-caliber thriller . It 's one of the most enjoyable movies of the year .
There 's an aspirational pleasure in seeing Cruise , now in his mid-50s , jump through these hoops . He knows we prefer him when he shades his easy charm with self-doubt , and Barry has a pleasingly sweaty desperation . But not enough ...
The story at times feels too wild , too crazy to be true , but that 's what makes it worth telling . `` American Made '' is a real whopper .
There 's an energy to the flight sequences that I have n't seen since Cruise was screaming about ` the need for speed ' more than two decades ago . And there 's a jittery , almost cocaine-addled pace to the story .
A cocaine-fueled romp that plays like a lightweight blend of Goodfellas and Argo , it 's entertaining stuff - as long as you do n't expect it to stick to the facts .
Stylish , politically savvy , exceptionally well-constructed .
It 's less the ribald ripped-from-the-headlines commentary it aspires to be than a cynically breezy take on an ugly , unduly buried chapter of American history .
American Made is breezy and fun and makes its points without subjecting the viewer to a browbeating .
American Assassin is a decently made tour of Europe , utilising easy target villains to maximise cheering from audiences willing to accept diplomacy down the barrel of a gun ... as long as the gun is held by a nominally handsome American man .
American Made feels way too sprightly , too jokey , for a movie about a guy who -- despite his rationalizations -- was a well-paid drug mule .
If American Made were limited to what Seal knew personally , some of the dangling threads in Gary Spinelli 's script could be written off . As it is , they hint at stories we 'd like to know better
The point here is not to depict Reagan-era corruption or cartel ruthlessness . The point is a wild ride akin to -LSB- the real-life -RSB- Barry 's own - you may as well enjoy it .
American Made delivers so much as rambunctious entertainment that it 's easy to miss the film 's withering assessment of American foreign policy during the Reagan years .
Doug Liman knows something very important about Tom Cruise : the actor is never more interesting than when he 's desperate and unlikeable .
Still bizarrely boyish , Tom Cruise , 55 , hits a recent career high in Doug Liman 's American Made .
If comedy is indeed tragedy plus time , then we 've had just enough time since the 1980s to chuckle at one of its more tragic narratives .
It 's nice to see Cruise entering into another risky business and once again performing reckless maneuvers in the sky .
American Made may not be truthful , but it is a treat
The film may be fact-based but that does n't stop it from feeling generic , like you 've seen it all before . The big difference is that Cruise is spreading his starshine over this one and that -LRB- still -RRB- counts for something .
Cruise does n't seem fully suited to the role of lovable reprobate , but he knows how to capture an adrenaline rush and his charisma is , as ever , undimmed .
It 's everything you could want from a flashy true-crime biopic skewering the hypocrisy and malice of the Reagan Administration 's covert war in Central and South America .
Language , some sex in tense but funny drug war comedy .
`` American Made '' is a smart , nervy film , a very modern entertainment made with energy , style and a fine sense of humor that keeps us amused until gradually , almost imperceptibly , the laughter starts to stick in our throats .
It 's nice to be reminded that Tom Cruise has the chops to play somebody other than Tom Cruise , Action Hero .
Just when it seems it may be time to close the book on Tom Cruise 's acting career , something comes along to suggest new chapters are possible .
`` American Made '' goes down easily , especially if you do n't let the historical record with its real-world stakes bother you .
Barry is the closest thing Tom Cruise has played to a regular Joe in more than a decade , and the part is n't a snug fit .
Though sanitized here , Seal 's story is riveting ; his life was as duplicitous as the country he sometimes represented . Cruise flying his drug-packed plane in American Made is like a weird extension of Cruise flying for glory in Top Gun back in the '80s .
It 's the grubbiest , greasiest vision of bad boys gettin ' away with it in recent memory , a glass of sour milk specifically timed to curdle just at the moment you think it might be harmless .
`` American Made '' is a stinging critique of U.S. foreign policy disguised as a freewheeling action comedy .
Mostly , there 's Cruise , who at 55 looks a decade and a half younger , and can still fill a cockpit with star power some 30 years after Top Gun .
Tom cruises through this high-flying biography in top form .
Though this over-the-top Cruise-Liman combination is sporadically amusing , its raucousness often comes across as desperately frantic rather than satirically telling ... For what it is , though , it earns a marginal pass .
Cruise buoys the film 's flop-sweat intensity . He seems to understand his character 's desperate , ingratiating whirligig restlessness from the inside . This is that rare time that one of his slick charmers lets you see behind the curtain .
Based on a true story , it 's not difficult to figure out this will unravel , but watching it and Cruise 's performance in the process offers much enjoyment .
Even as Cruise keeps us rooting for Barry , Liman reminds us that this is a story of bad guys .
American Made does everything it should : it educates and it entertains .
Cynical though it may be , American Made is undeniably a whole lot of action-oriented fun .
With his thick , wavering Baton Rouge accent and his wide-eyed intensity , Tom Cruise sometimes feels like he 's doing his best Matthew McConaughey impression , and it 's a blast to watch .
Irresistible energy and a strange saga of corruption , while Cruise is simply a force of nature , delivering one of the best performances of his career .
Doug Liman may effectively maintain a madcap energy through to the end , but unlike Adam McKay or Martin Scorsese , he is n't all that interested in explicating the complex inner workings of vast criminal enterprises .
Doug Liman 's fact-based film `` Made in America , '' is an entertaining affair that Cruise puts on his shoulders and carries across the finish line .
American Made sells a toxic , shallow , anti-American Dream bill of goods for anybody looking to shake their head about exceptionalism without seriously considering what conditions enable that mentality .
With American Made , -LSB- Tom -RSB- Cruise and -LSB- Doug -RSB- Liman once again bring out some of the best work in one another .
It 's refreshing to see the famous Cruise grin used more as a mask than a crutch .
Cruise soars , back in his element in this feverishly upbeat film frolic about a footnote figure in a shady chapter of American history .
Unable to present a protagonist that makes sense , `` American Made '' tries something else . It insists that the world does n't make sense ; thus , Barry is just going with the flow and getting carried along by events .
Cruise plays Barry as an aw-shucks raconteur , and the routine is amusing at first . But midway through American Made , even Cruise devotees might decide enough is enough .
`` American Made '' really does deserve to be on a double-bill with `` Top Gun , '' and I 'm betting Cruise knows it .
American Made has such style and energy that its hasty patchwork of a narrative becomes a kind of charm unto itself , even when it means losing track of talented actors .
American Made points out an unfortunate time in our history when government shenanigans ran amok internationally and people did bad things in the name of greed and power . But hoo-boy , does Tom Cruise have fun with it .
What Doug Liman 's breezy film lacks in verisimilitude it makes up for in entertainment value , at least for a while .
What could 've been a dark-universe inversion of `` Top Gun '' - wherein Tom Cruise feels a need for greed - is instead the star 's attempt to tailor an off-the-rack knockoff of `` Goodfellas '' and other party 's - over parables into a turgid , toothless bore .
It seems to want to be Goodfellas and it 's not that monumental , but citizens should know about the shady schemes in which its government agencies were involved .
American Made delivers so much as rambunctious entertainment that it 's easy to miss the film 's withering assessment of American foreign policy during the Reagan years .
To watch American Made is to recall -LSB- Tom Cruise 's -RSB- loose charm from films past-and to think , a little mischievously , that this is one megastar who is very good at playing stupid .
`` Glib '' is probably the right word for American Made , a movie that seems to exist purely to be Tom Cruise 's rebound after his disastrous attempt to reboot The Mummy earlier this summer .
As is , at two hours , it 's fairly entertaining even when it does n't quite work .
If trafficking in cliché were a federal offense , everyone involved with this movie would be looking at prison time .
Cruise 's latest is the smart , zippy American Made , a movie that plays very much like your type-A Tom Cruise movie before it yanks the rug out from beneath you and reveals the B-movie Cruise we 've been missing .
... can be filed in the category of Tom Cruise performances that function as self-critique .
American Made is like Pain & Gain if it had snorted a line of Colombia 's finest white .
It 's all punctuated with the famous -LSB- Tom -RSB- Cruise grin , which has n't changed since Risky Business
Featuring one of Tom Cruise 's best performances in recent years , American Made is a darkly funny , dizzying crime film that nevertheless ultimately feels inconsequential and overly familiar .
There 's something oddly joyless about the whole enterprise . Its overweening cynicism leaves a curdled aftertaste .
Looking back , it seemed that Barry Seal lived his life so that , one day , it could be adapted into a film . That 's just how wild it was .
What does work well is -LSB- Tom -RSB- Cruise 's winning performance as a corrupt capitalist whose love of country and family ranks considerably lower than cash and adrenaline buzzes . He 's an anti-hero we actually like .
At the end of the day , it has one hell of a story to tell , and tells it in a visually arresting way , and sometimes that 's enough for a proper cinematic experience .
Suffers from sluggish pacing , but proves Cruise is still a good movie star .
In the effort to be fun and slick , `` American Made '' loses its teeth and is relegated to Tom Cruise doing the two things he 's best at : being a charmer and daredevil .
American Made sure makes zipping around in planes loaded with ill-gotten jewels seem like a lot of fun .
Flippant , fun and damning .
First-class editing helps to make sense of a jumble of plots , including Tom Cruise 's performance as a gun running CIA agent , a TWA pilot , and a drug smuggler .
Tom Cruise gives his best performance in years in a film almost too intently nuts to notice .
The movie avoids wearing out its welcome , accordingly . You wo n't be bored . All the good scenes are too short , but all the bad scenes are also , thankfully , too short . It 's a perfectly fine movie .
Tom Cruise and Doug Liman are back with another winner . American Made is a breezy , highly entertaining story of arms and drug trafficking in the early eighties .
Seal is not a likable guy exactly . He 's actually kind of a greedy , amoral dirtbag . Which is why Liman and screenwriter Gary Spinelli need someone like Cruise to sell him . And sell him he does .
Doug Liman 's electric film is clear-eyed about the cynicism and corruption beneath its hero 's anxious grin . It voraciously breaks down both the star and the country he has symbolized for so much of his career .
It gives Liman a chance to stage a few tense aerial sequences ... it gives Cruise the opportunity to re-establish his brand of aggressive good humor and carefree - make that careless - adventure . They know what they 're doing .
The ever-in-control Tom Cruise veers wildly off course in a lively , brash and ridiculously entertaining biopic . I hope I had you at `` wildly . ''
Style and humor galore , and a hugely entertaining performance from Tom Cruise . But should a true story of immense governmental corruption be quite this fun ?
A more than remarkable approach to an era and political practices that responded to a moment of confusion and , at the same time , dementia that Liman translates well through images . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It just hits you . `` Are we going anywhere with this ? ''
The domestic action and melodrama alternate offering a lot of superficial material and leading to an irregular rhythm . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The film holds itself thanks to the good performance of Tom Cruise , who gives us a character as cynical as he is charming , one of his best performances in a long time . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
In Doug Liman 's sensationally entertaining adventure-comedy biopic , Tom Cruise steps away from his blockbuster tropes to register one of the best and brightest performances of his career ... easily as enjoyable a thrill ride as any of Cruise 's other epics .
The film has a wonderful Polaroid tone that transports us through time without us noticing it , liberates and reassures us of the narrative of events that once terrified the world . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Politically ambiguous and incorrect , but devilishly entertaining . Tom Cruise holds the film well , with a light script and a conventional narrative . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It works wonderfully as an interpretative and acrobatic recital of that orchestra man who is Cruise , knowing how to rise above the average of this type of shows . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
American Made is compelling and unconventional : a film clearly made within the system , designed to look outside it .
The last film of Liman takes off in such a jocose approach to the excesses of the CIA and the government of the USA towards international relations . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This is one of the more enjoyable Cruise outings in a while , at least for those who prefer to see him sacrifice his indestructible alpha-male persona .
-LSB- Liman 's -RSB- film feels - is - derivative , even redundant . But he 's got Cruise , and Cruise delivers , in a way he has n't since Jerry Maguire -LRB- 1996 -RRB- . I thought I 'd never get to say this again : Tom Cruise makes the movie , and is the reason to see it .
-LSB- American Made -RSB- offers nothing new to stand out as anything other than an above-average blockbuster for the end of summer .
It 's a part tailor-made for -LSB- Tom Cruise -RSB- .
American Made is an entertaining , funny and a thoroughly engaging ride which , if for nothing else , is worth seeing for -LSB- Tom -RSB- Cruise alone .
If fighting the undead in The Mummy seemed like a bit of a departure for the A-lister , American Made is a beaming , smooth-talking return to familiar territory .
It 's brash , funky , exciting and , crucially , it allows Cruise to have some fun with who he used to be .
A film that 's high on charm but perilously low on historical overview , or morality . I ended up liking old Barry , but really , was I supposed to ?
This hugely enjoyable , big-budget , semi-political romp is exactly the sort of film Tom Cruise should spend the rest of his career making -- one that harks back to the 1980s and early 1990s , when his charisma effectively ran the industry .
Frustrating directorial tics aside , this is an enjoyable peek into the strange place where world events intersected and one man was in the middle of it all .
The script for American Made has failed to overcome the film 's turbulent production .
The role makes Cruise 's obsessive energy both believable and pleasurable
It 's director Doug Liman 's refusal to spoon-feed that makes the story so potent .
For once that Colgate white smile does n't cut it . Cruise 's star wattage does n't illuminate the story , it blinds us to its complexities .
Liman 's film is a playful , if not especially probing , jab in the ribs of Reagan 's America and its interventionist politics . It also works nicely as a Tom Cruise star vehicle - his megawatt smile and aviator sunglasses on fine form here .
In the case of American Made , the `` true story '' is more of a serving suggestion , but the fully embellished film is still great fun .
It 's a lively , gripping romp . But it could have been a lot more than that .
He 's back ! Let the bells ring out , let the choirs of angels sing ! Tom Cruise has once again , to the surprise of many , given a great performance .
This is all about Tom -LSB- Cruise -RSB- , and by the end you desperately want to slap him .
An entertaining if glib film , especially if you are a Cruise fan .
It felt like Casino met War Dogs and got on famously . I loved it .
Cruise goes all in as Barry , and in having a ball delivers his best performance in years .
While he laughs so much in the first 20 minutes that you swear it 'll be the last thing you remember on your death bed , Cruise is , as usual , watchable .
American Made sees Cruise , for the first time in what feels like years , cast exactly as the character he was born to play ; an untrustworthy larrikin who , almost despite ourselves , we just ca n't help but like .
What lets it off the hook - up to a point - is a certain nostalgia for the vehicle that made Cruise a star .
Cruise has more fun than he 's had in years twitting his image as an ethical action hero .
As a statement about America 's place in the world this is bolder than the vast majority of Hollywood cinema .
Tom Cruise -LRB- delivering his best work in ages -RRB- plays Barry Seal , a small-time commercial airline pilot recruited by the CIA to conduct top-secret surveillance flights across Latin America in the late 1970s .
Liman , who has already established himself as an action-savvy filmmaker , handles the '80s tonal shift with deft assurance . And he is well-served by Cruise , who delivers his best performance in some time in the lead role .
The problem is , American Made 's Barry Seal was a real person . And real people are n't celluloid gods .
Tom Cruise gives one of his finest screen performances in American Made , a film which allows the normally clean-cut star to show his delinquent side .
Liman mines the story for familiar but fun comedy
The beamingly ingenuous Tom , whose character is not burdened with any doubts or an inner life , somehow sells it to you .
Hard to classify and as unpredictable as its protagonist , this comedic drama is part political satire , part absurdist crime caper , part conspiracy thriller .
Cruise is on top form in a based-on-fact thriller that overcomes its familiar trappings with audacious details and flat-out pacing .
Cruise is as compelling as ever with charm to spare , and this is a ceaselessly entertaining , sometimes tense romp . Although it does n't dig much below the surface .
It 's refreshing to see Tom Cruise return to a more character driven piece , playing Barry Seal in Doug Liman 's unashamedly entertaining drama American Made .
An engrossing true-crime tale spirited in its energy and potent in its execution .
A forgettable flight of fantasy .
Pictures about the underside of the American Dream are as old as Citizen Kane -LRB- actually , older -RRB- . Still , there 's no harm in Liman throwing one more hubristic tale into the pile ; certainly not when it 's this fun and frantic , shot with grimy vigour .
Superb storytelling , tense action , wonderful use of music , a lively sense of fun and Tom Cruise at his very best in a tale that is - well - extraordinary . In short , it 's great entertainment .
The draw , however , remains Cruise , figuratively walking out on a wing ; whether multiplexers rejoin him there will be seen , but after endless formula runouts , it 's encouraging to see him being properly exercised again .
A sweat-slicked , exhausting but glibly entertaining escapade on its own terms , `` American Made '' is more interesting as a showcase for the dateless elasticity of Cruise 's star power .
Kudos are due to Liman and Spinelli ... for honing the script into a reasonably manageable two-hour romp around the Byzantine conspiracy-caper seen through the eyes of Seal .
The problem is that Cruise , even when trying to cut loose , is always so tightly controlled that we never truly feel the reptilian survivalism of Barry Seal .
The film 's loose period vibe proves diverting and mostly engaging , as well as driving its sunny-hued visual style .
... a propulsively entertaining ride through the underbelly of America ...

@highlight

American Made 's fast-and-loose attitude with its real-life story mirrors the cavalier -- and delightfully watchable -- energy Tom Cruise gives off in the leading role .