I hated every calculated second of it with a passion .
... a consistently watchable romantic comedy that 's certainly a far cry from its underwhelming brethren ...
Shmoopy or not , the movie worked for me .
Lisa Kudrow , the designated comic relief , has never been so consistently unfunny , and Gina Gershon looks uncomfortable in every -LRB- pseudo - -RRB- inspirational moment .
Hilary Swank may have two Oscars , but P.S. I Love You proves she has plenty to learn about romantic comedies .
Richard LaGravense 's P.S. I Love You has plenty of sappy love-letter moments , but it 's also a very touching and real-feeling look at the grieving process .
You get the strong impression that no one involved wanted to risk being labeled `` depressing , '' so they inserted a lot of lame comic moments into a film that does n't need them .
May be too womanly for a guy like me , but you do n't have to be either sex to know all potential is dashed in a hail of clichés ...
Swank gets it just right with a fine-tuned subtle expression of confusion , despondency and rage .
... the filmmakers mean well , but instead of a celebration of life , the whole thing seems like an extended wake .
It was Irish overkill . There did n't seem to be a chronological plan with the letters , so poor Holly is just forced to sit and wait to hear from her dead husband .
Talk about uneven . ` P.S. I Love You ' is more uneven than an emery board , and every bit as grating when it misses its mark , which is more often than not .
Better than the best kiss you 've ever had .
For all his plain-speaking , down-homey affect , Harry Connick , Jr. remains something of a mystery .
Romantic comedy is too tragic for all-out laughs .
It could have been better , but it 's good enough to be a solid girls ' night out flick .
Lame .
Punch line should read P.S. I Love You % u2013 If you can sit through this 2 hour film and not become nauseated .
P.S. I Love You runs 126 minutes , and that extra half-hour bloats the material into an ugly mishmash in which the attempts at comedy are excruciating and the drama gets diluted by needless set-pieces .
There 's just enough here to recommend .
Little more than a cryfest for those looking to release their own emotions , rather than experience anything new .
By mid-film I was praying for Clint Eastwood to show up and take Swank off life support . No such luck .
Alas , we never buy the depth of Holly and Gerry 's love because the chemistry between Swank and Butler is nonexistent .
-LSB- Hilary -RSB- Swank 's raw , genuine performance stands out -- like an emerald on a compost heap -- against the canned warmth ...
It 's Million Dollar Cry Baby . P.S. I Love You is the most potent tear jerker since The Notebook . It 's not as profound or skillful , but there certainly has n't been anything that makes you so happy to cry since then .
If you 're looking for a great date movie so you can get laid over the holidays , this is the one .
This is the kind of movie that was made for the female audience and we thank you . PS , take Kleenex .
-LSB- T -RSB- his wonderful movie ... is not relentlessly grim , but it is endlessly poignant even in its lightest moments ...
The end dedication -LRB- to the producer 's late sister -RRB- reminds us that even a disposable commercial film can be extremely personal and meaningful for the people involved in its creation .
Snippets of sharp , witty dialogue are lost in a sea of sappy clichés and too-cute-for-words plot twists .
Hillary Swank makes the best of her lonely heart role but never gets to take off the gloves in an entertaining romantic drama . Supporting she-wolf Lisa Kudrow steals the show .
Swank does her best , but she seems lost in the movie 's identity crisis , taking the project seriously one moment and doing a pratfall off a karaoke stage the next .
Heavy handed and entirely too maudlin , this supposedly empowering feminine journey of self discovery is anything but .
The film does have its share of funny , winning , and heartwarming/emotional moments , but the rest feel artificial and contrived , from the basic conceit to the various smaller elements that are too familiar and/or forced to elicit any sort of favorable resp
The movie is so bent on conjuring big , sweeping emotions that it becomes a bit scattershot , starting down way too many tear-jerking roads but never going down any of them far enough to discover any real substance .
Does n't add anything fresh or special or memorable to our understanding of the grief process .
The supporting roles are all handled well by experienced actors , and they have good material to work with .
P.S. I Love You is n't as pathetically sappy as the title might sound . OK , maybe it is a little ...
Some actors are better suited to straight-ahead dramas . Swank appears to be one of them .
It 's tough going relieved only by some lovely Irish scenery .
It 's the sort of movie that no man will ever go to unless dragged by a woman . His sole reward will be the sight of Swank in sexy underwear .
The talented Swank is slumming a bit here , but she could -- and has -- done worse .
In its way , it 's almost daringly radical in its old-fashioned sentimentality .
This is a movie that will leave you stunned and stupefied from beginning to end , if you do n't head for the exits first .
In the grief-drenched romantic comedy P.S. I Love You , things are excruciatingly amiss , start to finish .
Butler , though puportedly attractive , gives a chipmunk-chipper performance that can only be described as supremely annoying .
P.S. I Love You looks squeaky clean and utterly straight . Yet as directed by Richard LaGravenese , it has a curious morbid quality .
A protracted piece of schmaltz .
P.S. . Why should we care ?
Who should be more insulted by P.S. I Love You : Women , who are portrayed as shrill , materialistic harpies who fall down regularly ? Or men , who are shown to be at their most romantically attractive when they 're dead ?
I found myself entertained , engaged and , occasionally , pleasantly surprised .
A low point in the tear-stained history of sappy , shallow chick drivel .
What 's on your holiday wishlist ? Is there room for a maudlin romantic comedy that brandishes its earnestness like tacky light displays synchronized to Trans-Siberian Orchestra ?
Pulling our strings is one thing ; taking us for a fool is quite another .
Tone is everything in a movie like this , but writer-director Richard LaGravanese , working from a novel by Cecelia Ahern , ca n't decide between quirky indie dark comedy and laugh-a-minute TV sitcom .
P.S. I Love You is manipulative , too long and loaded with the bizarre stereotypes of so-called women 's movies ... Yet I ca n't deny that some tears were jerked .
Sappy , floundering , disappointing melodrama ... drop it in the dead letter office .
P.S. I Love You is blithely inept .
LaGravenese is usually a terrific screenwriter , but this adaptation -LRB- with Steve Rogers -RRB- of Cecelia Ahern 's novel is almost insufferably sufferable .
No one will confuse Hilary Swank with Lucille Ball , but she 's entertaining enough to keep this one from becoming a gooey chick flick
It feels like the kind of project that Meg Ryan would have turned down back in the 90 's for being just a little too hackneyed and cliched for its own good .
You could go see P.S. I Love You , or you could hit yourself on the head with a meat mallet .
Has its occasional oddball charms , but it is also ultimately conventional ... and pandering to go along with them .
P.S. I Love You is n't going to break the chick-flick barrier but it packs a powerful two hours .
Romantic comedies ... need twinkle . Her character wears twinkly dresses and does twinkly things , but Swank delivers her lines as though she is still slamming into that heavy bag .
Hilary Swank does n't usually play girlie roles , and this unabashed chick flick demonstrates why : She 's not very girlie .
more of a waste of time than an enjoyed vicarious journey
It 's tough to believe that any leading lady could 've done much with writer-director Richard LaGravenese 's lackluster material .
LaGravenese is known as one of Hollywood 's go-to screenwriters , credited or uncredited , but the films he 's directed , such as Living Out Loud and Freedom Writers , are memorable more for their terrible titles than any lasting distinction .
Even though Lisa Kudrow and Gina Gershon are both way too old to be 29-year-old Holly 's best friends , they still provide welcome support .
P.S. I Love You commits several cinematic blunders , but the biggest one may be its attempt to turn Hilary Swank into a romantic lead .
Despite a fairly original premise , this never rises above the level of a TV sitcom .
P.P.S. Do n't you hate bad romantic comedies ?
The film 's cutesy , high-concept premise strains credibility , and the sitcommy situations -LRB- see Swank fall off the stage while performing sexy karaoke ! -RRB- never quite jive with attempts at poignancy .
Shifts between earnest melodrama and zany comedy without making much of an imprint as either ... In all of her frequently breathtaking talent and depth , Hilary Swank deserves better than what P.S. I Love You has to offer .
Things soon degenerate into forced whimsy and uninspired romantic formula .
B.S. I Love You would be a more accurate title .
A romantic dramedy that stumbles through its excruciatingly Oscar-padded 126-minute running time with no end in sight .
If P.S. I Love You proves anything , it 's that Hilary Swank may be a great actress , but she ca n't do cute .
A mostly overheated farrago of sentiment , self-help and romantic cliche .
P.S. I Love You is as treacly as the title would suggest .
What do you get when you stick a talented , interesting cast in an uninspiring chick flick ? Short answer : P.S. I Love You .
The title of this stinker should really be compressed to P. ... You .
LaGravenese has sliced away the worst of Ahern 's excruciating prose , but that proves a negative virtue .
This weeper that ca n't wring out tears .
P.S. I do n't like you at all .
... ca n't quite nail a consistent tone .
An appealing alternative to the dramatic ` for your consideration ' awards bait that populates theaters in December .
P.S. I Love You is the cinematic equivalent of a Celine Dion song .
A chick flick in the worst sense of that phrase , as all of the actors run around frantically , emoting like crazy while having zero chemistry with each other .
The emotional tug is lost in uninspired dialogue , trite situations , and some plot twists that defy credulity while exploring the limits of tedious convention
Even fans of the romantic comedy genre might have trouble suspending disbelief for this ridiculous bit of fluff that rarely knows whether it wants to be a serious drama about grieving or a light comedy about finding love .
There are many good actresses unsuited for romantic comedies , and Hilary Swank , despite her considerable talents , is one of them .
An unapologetic tearjerker , the film lays on the sap at points , but is helped immeasurably by surprisingly clever dialogue and well-played , funny performances by the supporting cast .
Presumably made for mature viewers , this fraudulent high-concept chick flick about loss and love is a stepdown for LaGravanese , driven by commercial considerations -LRB- which is fine -RRB- , except that the film 's major asset , Gerard Butler , plays a tiny part .
Surprisingly uplifting for a film that prompts as many tears as those that ran down my cheeks this honest and moving film delivers one of the year 's best love stories .
There is nothing special about this romance .
The question of love after death has been asked frequently enough in the movies , but seldom with the high ick factor found in P.S. I Love You .
FYI , there 's zero chemistry between P.S. I Love You 's two commodified headliners .




@highlight

Hilary Swank is miscast as the romantic lead in this clichéd film about loss and love .