An absorbing , fascinating film , but disturbing and a little grim .
Sound silly ? Well , it is , plus passé -LRB- as so many techno-concerned conceits soon become -RRB- , self-indulgent and nihilistically nasty in tone .
finds it difficult to infuse humanity into a character who essentially functions as a dramatic device
Lucas ' use of chat rooms as a plot-moving device is pretty hackneyed , and when the story takes a thriller-like turn in the third act , it feels really forced .
The Dying Gaul has the tight , nailed-down structure of a good play . But it 's the actors who really lift the movie above the shortcomings of its plot .
Verbally well-matched , morally ambiguously fascinating together , they are exciting to watch . * All three leads give extraordinary performances .
Almost every time Gaul threatens to be overwhelmed by its maudlin tendencies and need to be ` about ' something , it 's rescued by its delicious sense of cruelty .
The Dying Gaul is n't dead on arrival . But its death throes are only as interesting as the actors , characters and dialogue can make them .
It 's his heavy-handed and often ludicrous plotting that is the film 's downfall .
The one thing Greek tragedy should n't desperately want is any kind of catharsis .
Has neither hero nor villain , only humans . Beyond imperfect , they are complicated thinkers , lovers , dreamers , and performers .
The film plays for keeps : It hurts and it does n't back away from messy questions about art , commerce and conscience .
By the end of the film , relationships have turned so corrosive that the characters leave an ugly aftertaste in the mind of the viewer .
Campbell Scott , Peter Sarsgaard and Patricia Clarkson fill the disconcerting material with measured , subtle performances that bring home what 's not being said .
Lucas has a smaller knife , and its edge dulls .
The movie always feels as if it 's on the verge of a major discovery . It ends without convincing us that any such discovery has been made .
The Dying Gaul begins with a Herman Melville quote : ` Woe to him who seeks to please rather than appall . ' Let them serve not as words of wisdom , but of warning .
sex , lies , and screenwriters . Add in guilt , retribution , seduction , massive quantities of manipulation and you get a juicy twisted love story .
-LSB- A -RSB- combination of pretentiousness and banality ... Lucas has wronged not just Clarkson but all of his fine cast -- and us along with them .
-LSB- E -RSB- xcept for some problems in the middle act , the movie is easy to swallow .
Like minimalist composer Steve Reich 's prickly , tense music on the soundtrack , the movie itself is too often too intellectual , experimental and abstract .
Indiscriminately hostile ...
The crackling , nasty dialogue is entertaining in the way it is in All About Eve or Valley of the Dolls , and the actors are superb , even if Tharthgaard doeth overdue the lithping a bit .
Lucas ' insight into the subtleties of interaction -- and the churning depths that those subtleties suggest -- is of a whole other order than that of most film directors .
Scott , Sarsgaard and Clarkson are quietly ferocious with Lucas ' mannered dialogue .
The movie does n't completely please , but more disappointing is that it no longer aims to appall , either .
I 'm not going to spell out the collateral damage , but I found the ending cheap , contrived , and genuinely disgusting .
Peter Sarsgaard is particularly exceptional in this dark look at art and artifice , but -LSB- its -RSB- twists may prove too much of a hairpin curve for most .
Ultimately settles into the whip-smart independent it was meant to be .
It remains entertaining throughout , which is something of an inside joke since the story ridicules films that try too hard to be commercially viable .
The Dying Gaul is often wicked fun .
The film lacks bite , power and clarity .
It proves Lucas , the noted playwright , to be a born filmmaker .
We have good performances but a very faulty script .
Most of Lucas ' dialogue is dead-on and lovely .
Begins promisingly only to lapse into an increasingly improbable and overly familiar tale about how rotten Hollywood industryites can be .
Too often it holds back on its effects , content with its own airless , slightly stagy feel .
Lucas ' evolved sense of character refuses to apply definitive shades of good and evil to anyone in this distressing triangle .
Audacious and extremely well-acted -- if flawed .
Lucas proves himself a film director as he expertly removes all traces of the work 's stage-bound beginnings , but in the end his own writing fails him .
With humor and rage fighting for dominance , debuting director Craig Lucas drives a stake into the dark heart of Hollywood .
This smart , good-looking movie deserves an audience .
Acclaimed playwright Craig Lucas ' directing debut is a flawlessly acted adaptation of his own stage play .
Under Lucas ' numbing direction , it 's just tragic .
The heady cast of Campbell Scott , Patricia Clarkson and Peter Sarsgaard labors mightily -- and unsuccessfully -- to create empathetic characters out of a trio of self-absorbed neurotics in contemporary Hollywood .
Given the ominous title of both the film and the screenplay-within-the-film , chances seem good that someone will die .
It 's a very poor man 's version of Closer , with four characters chopped down to three , and Peter Sarsgaard and Campbell Scott standing in for Clive Owen and Jude Law .
seems relevant only insofar as its cast effectively pinpoints the vengeful malice born from spurned love and squandered trust .
Craig Lucas 's sublimely acted film stars Campbell Scott as a closeted bisexual predator who has an affair with an emotionally unstrung writer -LRB- Peter Sarsgaard -RRB- .
There is some ambiguity about why a final event takes place , and that 's all right , but the way in which the movie reveals it is , I think , singularly ineffective .
Quickly goes downhill , changing into something so dull that even its illustrious cast ca n't save it .
If you cut through Lucas ' thickets of self-reflexivity , metaphysical mumbo jumbo and banal potshots at media violence , there are three ace performances here by actors who can elevate and enliven even as mediocre a piece of material as this .
The onscreen results wobble a bit in the climactic , murderous narrative turns . Yet en route it works on its own terms , and in what is essentially a three-person picture , Lucas has cast the leads with the right three people .
Entertaining if cornball , lacking the cold-eyed nastiness of something like Mike Nichols 's Closer .
Just as its title is perfunctorily explained but not truly related , the film lingers at too great a remove .
Rarely has a film exposed the tender , brutal line between love and cruelty so magnificently .
Can you imagine Clark Gable or Humphrey Bogart or Cary Grant or Spencer Tracy unzipping and pulling down their pants , feigning orgasm , self-induced or induced by another man ?
These actors deserve a lot better .
An engrossing psychodrama about Hollywood , sex , and the primal emotions that can drastically change people 's lives .
Writer Lucas -LRB- Longtime Companion -RRB- makes a disapointing directing debut with an overbaked , preposterously plotted noir thriller whose only novelty is a bisexual man
For a story that takes place in chilly , Philadelphia-era Hollywood , it 's at least plugged in to the politics of the time .
Stagey , but an original story about a producer and a screenwriter whose relationship is not entirely professional .
Likely to leave many viewers unfulfilled .
Craig Lucas 's film directing debut , and it 's impressive . The film never feels one bit like a stage adaptation . -LRB- I had no clue that it was based on a play until the end credits -RRB- . It 's also visually surefooted .
A fantastic premise is squandered , only to be saved by a riveting final act .
Despite a reliable cast led by Scott , Patricia Clarkson and Peter Sarsgaard , the human impact is ultimately lost in a too calculated scenario .




@highlight

Though it has a fine cast , The Dying Gaul 's plot feels calculated and too intellectualized .