It will leave you feeling traumatized and ugly and soul-sick , and so it should .
Compliance 's underlying humanism and political conscience lift it beyond being a macho endurance test .
Plausibly acted , if implausibly directed by Craig Zobel -LRB- Great World Of Sound -RRB- , the credulity of this provocative scenario would snap had it not actually happened more than 70 times across 30 US states .
The most disturbing aspect of Compliance is its implied complicity .
Zobel does a great job of just making you uncomfortable , making you want to just yell at the screen and tell the characters to just stop .
Dark , disturbing , confrontational stuff . Also a damn good film .
Compliance is diminutively sufficient and blandly adequate with no additional layers that elevate its small independent nature . It feels rather one note riding on the promise of a distinctive tale that never totally comes to fulfillment .
A frightening look at the power of authority and the human desire to avoid conflict .
It never loses sight of its goal to persuade us to be more aware , more questioning of our leaders and institutions , from politicians to priests to , in this case , the police .
The only film of 2012 that had me actively booing its villain - a mundane monster who does n't need to touch his victims to scar them for life .
Compliance is a horror movie with no sudden frights , no gore , and not a single scream . It 's a surveillance video , capturing us with all our blemishes ; a reminder that how we see ourselves is so rarely in line with the truth
That the events in Compliance are taking place in a fast-foot restaurant is equally resonant . The junk food we see being prepared could n't be more disgusting . Surely , you ca n't help but think , anyone prepared to swallow that will swallow anything .
The perfect companion piece to your copy of Fast Food Nation .
Compliance is a disturbing , exciting and instructive film about matters we should all be prepared to face .
Zobel is canny enough to gradually intensify the level of discomfort to ensure the characters ' increasing irrationality feels honest in the situation , regardless of how out-of-whack it seems from a distance .
If a movie 's success is measured by its ability to get under our skin and provoke a reaction , then this might be the film of the year . Designed to make us furious , this drama pushes us to the brink as we shout at the characters for being so naive .
A punchy and effective drama .
An effective , nasty little film from Craig Zobel .
An uncomfortable , provocative little drama that really gets under the skin and will not be for all tastes .
Well as the film is performed , particularly by Dowd as the manager attempting to make order out of chaos , you can scarcely credit what happens .
I admired its courageous realism , the fact that it dares to be unpopular yet truthful . Unlike most movies , it will give you plenty to think about .
The film edges forward diffidently , never quite matching strength of craft to strength of idea . It 's creepily beguiling even so ...
Zobel 's morality thriller offers uncomfortable commentary on the sport that can so easily be had at the expense of those on the lower rungs of the social ladder .
Zobel 's feature film brings out the creepy , banal horror of this culminating event , and the awful contemporary insights .
Needs more than its `` based on a true story '' disclaimer to short-circuit our sceptical instinct .
It might make you a tougher person after watching it .
-LSB- It -RSB- leaves you in a dark moral place you 'd really rather not be .
This is a squirmy watch - but of course , it is supposed to be .
Zobel 's film shocks , but leaves the viewer to uncover the real story for themselves .
A riveting , horrifying film , shot through with beautifully observed moments of unwelcome truth .
Compliance , for its sheer nerve in tackling such difficult , yet need-to-know material is a terrific film .
Impressively directed and superbly acted , this is a gripping and disturbing thriller , made all the more horrific by the knowledge that this actually happened over 70 times .
The film ultimately feels exploitative , especially in its schematic selectiveness about what to show or not .
Compliance functions as a fascinating and mortifying glimpse at how readily and illogically people will submit to authority , whether it 's law enforcement or a boss .
A thriller worthy of a viewing , and a shower to cleanse yourself , afterward .
This little independent American film might be the scariest thing you see this year ... a shattering film about human psychology of which the young Martin Scorsese would have been proud .
The implications are frightening and the premise fascinating as we are able to see how something like this can spiral out of control . Yet Zobel stretches our patience and tests the credibility of the narrative - mostly to its detriment
It 's a creepy and frightening demonstration of the risks society faces when accepting authority without question . And it 's made visceral by the astonishing performances
It 's a creepy and frightening demonstration of the risks society faces when accepting authority without question . And it 's made visceral by the astonishing performances
Calm on the surface but the subtext is ferocious with the shocking way people succumb to savage impulses when people in positions of power are morally tainted
It 's a squirm-in-your-seat kind of experience . But it deserves to be seen .
Compliance is one of the toughest sits of the movie year 2012 . But it 's an uncompromising and , in its way , honorable drama built upon a prank call that goes on and on , getting worse and worse for the people on the other end of the line .
Director Craig Zobel delivers a hard-hitting and tense study of morality with Compliance , a menacing drama meant to provoke strong reactions and discussions after the credits roll .
Zobel has proposed an intriguing , disturbing concept . But he makes leaps . Compliance is a good film . I wish it had been a little better .
Taut , edgy , at times almost farcical yet remaining incredibly powerful , this is a small scope film big on execution .
Based on real criminal cases , this is one of the year 's most powerful , squirm-inducing , unsettling dramas .
A brilliant psychological thriller that I 'd struggle to watch a second time .
Irritating one-note indie film .
I admire the workings of the movie , in the same cool way I might regard a machine gun as a work of art ...
Compliance strips bare the fallacy of equivalent free will . It gets under one 's skin in a manner few films do , but sticks in one 's head the same way all great ones do .
Without a single bullet in sight , Craig Zobel has crafted an ingenious , dizzying conversation piece of a thriller .
About as far from an easy watch as you could imagine , Compliance is a seedy little story that you 'll wind up watching between the cracks in your fingers .
Morally complex look at human behavior leaves you shaking your head in disbelief
Dowd 's performance -- showing Sandra 's eagerness to please the `` cop '' and her hesitancy to follow orders -- burns in the mind long after the movie 's over .
The point of Compliance , which caused walkouts and shouting matches when it premiered at the Sundance Film Festival , is how we are programmed to do things that go against our natural instincts as long as we believe we have the law on our side .
One of the most deeply disturbing movies of recent vintage .
There 's the adage that life is nasty , brutish and short . It 's even worse when you 're half-naked and locked in a supply room with your boss .
Its skillfully constructed scene-setting montages , its fraught , gliding camera moves and attractive compositions seem judgmental , suggesting the filmmakers are superior to and more sensitive , certainly , than the characters .
` Compliance ' takes an extremely unpleasant and nauseating experience for everyone involved and puts this masterful spin on it to make it not only watchable , but a really solid piece of film overall .
There 's a humanity here , even for the restaurant manager . But that still does n't make `` Compliance '' easy to ingest .
... a sadomasochistic mind-trip ... It has the lingering impact of a gruesome freeway pileup you do n't want to look , but you ca n't help yourself .
Compliance will leave you shocked and offended , but it misses out on any opportunity to be anything outside of a dramatization .
Compliance is a difficult film to watch -- walkouts have been reported at more than one screening -- but it 's also a calculating and intimate deconstruction of the greater social ills that our fast-food nation faces as a whole .
This psychodrama of ill-advised behavior may well leave you feeling dirty ... for what you 've watched helplessly and perhaps for what you 've countenanced as an American citizen .
This is one insistent film , more evocative of human behavior than movies that take fewer risks ever could be .
So long as you can tolerate the frustration it fosters , it 's hard not to appreciate such intelligent provocation .
Like a John Hughes movie hijacked by Roman Polanski , this troubling indie effort lays bare the sadomasochism of the American workplace .
Perhaps the most disturbing movie of the year . Not a horror film , but given that we ca n't excuse the behavior as belonging to illegal aliens or felons eluding of the law ... maybe it 's a new strain of horror after all .
For once , the title card `` Based on true events '' is not some cheap gimmick to lend a story importance ; it is a despondent cry of shock , disbelief , and , above all , outrage .
Bravely uncomfortable and sure to inspire heated post-movie -LRB- and likely mid-movie -RRB- conversation , Compliance is haunting , positively enraging when it sinks in that this was no nightmare , but a reality .
A disturbing , fact-based look at the ways in which people can be bullied into bowing to the demands of authority figures .
Zobel , a second-time feature filmmaker , has put together a skillful , sympathetic but unsparing re-enactment of a small-scale atrocity , and his cast plays it out with natural , understated performances .
Zobel 's masterful direction and screenplay heighten the distress of authority figures possessing unseen persuasion over naive employees , exposing a disturbing and haunting look at what some workers are willing to do in order to follow orders .
We think we 're more world-wise than these people and that this could never happen and then Zobel brilliantly forces us to come to terms with those judgments .
This is a well-made film , with plausible performances by all the leads , especially Ann Dowd . We feel we know people like this .
Shows good intentions gone bad -LRB- and bad intentions gone horrible -RRB- , with characters persuaded to bite off inch by inch until an entire yard is gone .
A film designed to provoke social as well as cinematic comment .
The intimate setting ratchets up the suspense without turning exploitative .
You 'll spend the bulk of the film squirming in your seat .
A thriller that permits you to stay two or three steps ahead of it . It 's a film that makes you yell at the screen , to shout `` Come ON ! '' at many a moment that seems to defy credulity .
Fails its first test , which is that the audience believe every word of it .
We feel like gutless witnesses to a crime .
Filled with superior performances , Compliance does everything within its power to make a far-fetched situation believable .
That the thriller is based on real incidents only magnifies its effect .
One watches in horrified fascination , and a greater horror comes when one realizes that , placed in the same kind of situation , one might react in the same way .
Zobel makes his setting feel immediate and real , from the gum-smacking employees to the dowdy manager who just wants to do the right thing .
It 's a Milgram Experiment for the viewer .
A harrowing , gut-wrenching fable about power and authority that shows that even the most well-adjusted , ordinary person could be tempted to degrade and dehumanize their neighbor .
Too condescending to be trusted , too manipulative to be believed , too turgid to be enjoyed , too shameless to be endured and , before and after everything else , too inept to make its misanthropic case .
There is a level of stupidity displayed by the people in this movie that beggars belief . Their behavior is to stupidity as the Death Star is to a doughnut .
A thoroughly disturbing , sometimes mean-spirited indie narrative film .
Compliance ends up being about certain things that it would rather not be about .
Ultimately what is fascinating about Compliance is its suggestion of the near-universality , and ultimate mundanity , of the totalitarian reflex .
It 's a deeply moral movie about the failure of morality , as grueling to watch as it is necessary .
Despite the limited setting , Compliance is often unbearably tense .
... the intent is clearly to provoke a strong reaction . But once that is elicited , what 's left ? Not enough for my liking .
Watching Compliance recently , I also began to squirm and talk back , but not because I disliked the movie , which I think is brilliant .
The picture has a calm neutrality that makes the unpleasant events we witness even more disturbing .
It 's a highly political work about how some people can be made to do vile things just for the wispiest promise that the powers above will go a little bit easier on them .
Incredibly thorny issues of morality , responsibility , loyalty , trust and resentment are in play here .
` Compliance ' offers a compelling case that we may not be quite so freethinking as we believe .
Skirts the credibility line , occasionally coming off as a stretch and other times so eerily plausible it might as well be a documentary .
Snapshots of greasy fries and slimy grills pump up the unsavory atmosphere , while Heather McIntosh 's ominous , cello-driven score plucks our nerves and stirs our stomachs .
-LSB- Zobel -RSB- forgets that less is often more and his film loses credibility ... In the end everyone just seems excessively stupid because we have never been complicit .
A wickedly compelling thriller , a skin-crawling , stranger-than-fiction examination of the darkest power of authority .
Compliance is torture to sit through . It 's also indispensable filmmaking . This fact-based movie is going to present you with questions that will haunt you long after you leave the theater .
-LSB- It -RSB- has a sharp psychological point and a ca n't - look-away quality even as it turns horrifically dark .
Disturbing and unlikely as it may be , this stuff actually happened , and pretty much as Craig Zobel relates it .
It 's all but guaranteed we 'll each arrive at different breaking points while watching Zobel 's pressure-cooker of a movie .
... a movie that feeds on collective emotions -- anger , denial and , most of all , fear -- but also triggers explosives along the faultlines of class .
Get ready to cringe or crawl under your seat -LRB- that 's a compliment -RRB-
Gripping indie drama unsettles the audience with its study of human behavior manipulated by a bogus authority figure .
An upsetting film . . if you 're looking for a film that shoves you way out of your comfort zone , this one will do the trick .
The movie 's frightening momentum ca n't be denied ; indeed , it 's the whole point .
A fairly deliberate and effective piece of provocation .
Disturbing in that it feels so damn real .
It seems as if Craig Zobel wants to implicate the audience in these proceedings , but he does n't have a very clear idea how to go about it .
... an aggressively manipulative piece of work that 's been shamelessly designed to shock and provoke the viewer .
Zobel has created a tale that will leave audiences angry if not downright nauseated by journey 's end .
Zobel shoots his queasy little psych test with I 'm - just-the-messenger documentary neutrality , challenging as he goes : Do you want to look away now ? How about now ? Will you walk out ?
Compliance is a fascinating and deeply unsettling version of true events , but it goes past that , with art and honesty .
Compliance develops an intriguing premise intelligently , inquisitively and uncomfortably .
`` Compliance '' is a very uncomfortable movie . It makes us question our own readiness to allow strangers at airports to grope our nether regions through our clothes , or even to strip search us while we act like defenseless victims .
Among the highlights -LSB- of BAMcinemaFest -RSB- ... Provocative !
Psychologically astute and brilliantly executed , `` Compliance '' is a challenging film that cuts to the heart of difficult ethical questions about the nature of power .
Almost every frame of the film is squirmy , alerting every part of your brain that what you are seeing is just plain wrong .
Zobel does n't sensationalize the story -LRB- frankly , he does n't have to -RRB- , but he does thread the needle very gently , unpeeling the layers of deception at a steady pace .
I ca n't say I liked sitting through Compliance , but I can say that I think it 's significant , and that it cements Zobel 's place as a serious filmmaker with an important voice .
Craig Zobel fashions tough , challenging material in the guise of a dark comic thriller and those too willing to dismiss it or drum up unnecessary controversy are part of the problem and not the solution .
As disturbing as it is , it 's even moreso when you realize it 's based on true events .
It 's remarkably well-crafted , as it looks good and sounds good and features a tight , economical script .
It 's not just about some woefully misguided fast-food employees : it 's about the scared , intimidated and unquestioning follower in all of us .
The cast here is so terrific that they turn a movie that takes place almost entirely in one dingy room into rich theater ...
In taut , gripping and deeply disturbing fashion , writer-director Craig Zobel measures the depths to which rational individuals will sink to obey a self-anointed authority figure in Compliance .
As a portrait of what people are willing to accept simply because other people are going along with it , `` Compliance '' is an almost endlessly fascinating study of human behavior , disturbingly unflattering as its conclusions may be .
Likely to spur discussions about workplace safety , employee rights and broader awareness of sexual predation , Compliance is also a suspenseful psychological drama for viewers prepared to tolerate its extremes .


@highlight

Anchored by smart , sensitive direction and strong performances , Complicance is a ripped-from-the-headlines thriller that 's equal parts gripping and disturbing .