Remarkably unsubtle and by-the-numbers , and thanks to some curious plotting , it 's also a bit shrill and unpleasant .
If the situations are intentionally unreal , Sedgwick 's performance could not be more real .
Long before the 86-minute film runs its course , you 'll want to bolt from your seat and call Child Protective Services .
-LSB- Bacon 's -RSB- overly stylized direction is distracting at first and then quickly becomes oppressive ...
A creepy misfire .
Even though Loverboy is only 86 minutes long , as it wore on , I wore out .
There is a lot of skill on display here and a great performance but I ca n't recommend it either because this woman is so clearly and obviously abusive and insane .
Except for the kid , what we have are a bunch of ageing ingénues grateful for the work and doing their best .
It all adds up to an unfortunate misfire : a film at odds with both its source material and itself .
Almost everything is annotated , or explained by incessant voice-over . This is its own form of suffocation , and the ideas and themes feel like they 've been mothered too much .
Emily is a complicated woman , all right , but she 's a difficult person to spend an entire movie with .
First-time director Kevin Bacon -LRB- Mr. Sedgwick -RRB- cleverly maintains a balance of discomfiting and familiar by jumping nimbly around Emily 's life .
The real trouble is at its core , with an over-the-top performance from Sedgwick that borders on Baby Jane campiness .
A grim little story , but it 's leavened unexpectedly with humor and energy .
It makes for a deeply uncomfortable moviegoing experience -- but unfortunately not one with enough behavioral insight to justify the pain .
Freud might have found something interesting here , but for most of us it 's just a crazy mom movie , whatever contrivances the filmmakers use to make it all seem more profound .
The film runs out of steam by revealing too much , too soon .
Sedgwick does her best with the material , but the script is enamored with cloying dialogue and irritating voiceover , and Bacon 's direction relies on shtick and gimmicks . We got no love for Loverboy .
In this dismal drama directed by Kevin Bacon , Kyra Sedgwick plays Emily , a single mother who is fiercely overprotective of her young son .
Loverboy , the shaky second feature directed by Kevin Bacon , stars Kyra Sedgwick as a single mother whose possessive instinct runs amok .
Kevin Bacon has been within zero degrees of separation from so many great filmmakers that it 's remarkable how virtually every decision he makes as director of Loverboy is completely misguided .
Kevin Bacon -LRB- Sedgwick 's husband -RRB- ca n't seem to decide if he 's making a film about a loving eccentric or a sociopath .
Loverboy may have been better suited to the page where it could have the subtlety and resonance missing on screen . As a film it works on only one level -- crazy love .
I never really bought Loverboy , and unconvincing delusional cruelty is not what you would call a memorable night out .
initially plays as a deranged sex comedy
Working with Atom Egoyan has not done Kevin Bacon any favors .
Ugh ! Another Hollywood vanity project from new poster children for actors who should n't produce or direct .
This film couple 's vanity productions may keep them working but their fine talents are best realized under the direction of far better storytellers .
What 's lacking here is the cold-eyed structure of a storyteller and filmmaker , both in the writing and the direction .
Director Bacon gilds the inherent domestic horror of the script -LRB- by Hannah Shakespeare , from Victoria Redel 's novel -RRB- with farcically stylized flashbacks .
This labor of love is merely a vanity project .
Witty and effective , yet squirm-inducing .
Sedgwick faz um ótimo trabalho com uma personagem detestável , mas a direção excessiva e sem foco de seu marido -LRB- Bacon -RRB- torna o filme irritante .
It is impossible to root for a character that gives Mommy Dearest a run for her money .
Too many visual gimmicks and a cast overburdened with big names in small roles soften Victoria Redel 's acclaimed debut novel .

@highlight

The transition from novel to film is awkwardly executed , and Sedgwick 's character , despite the attempts to make her sympathetic , merely comes across as creepy and crazy .