It 's hard to dislike this film , even though it 's so patently lame . Cho and Pen have great chemistry . And they 're so amiable and endearing on screen .
What , really , is so progressive about jockish games of yeah-dude-I-just-went-there - especially as played by guys whose views of women are stuck in high school gym class ?
My main objection boils down to this : if the filmmakers set up an anything-goes policy of outraging all notions of human dignity , they 're obligated to live up to it without respecting age , race , creed , class , nationality -- or gender .
A bag of shoddy skits that barely qualifies as a movie and taints pleasant memories of their previous clowning besides
As the idea is no longer fresh and the plot has basically the same structure , it does n't quite match the original . But the sequel delivers enough new developments to keep it interesting .
For a stoner comedy , it makes some lucid points .
Just make sure that you 're really stoned when you see it .
Every aspect of the production is atrocious in the extreme.The writing is awful . The direction is bilious .
The film is so even-handed and so diligent in its urge to offend that after a while I felt myself go numb .
Amid the dick jokes , drug taking and gratuitous nudity , the film also serves as a salient reminder about what actually ranks as subversive comedy .
Hurwitz and Schlossberg ca n't quite recapture their magic in this spotty stoner sequel .
There 's an abundance of toilet humour , masturbation , oral sex and fantasies about threesomes with an oversized bag of weed ... The target market will no doubt be primed
Uses its sly brand of humor to say plenty about the state of race relations in the U.S. -LRB- really -RRB- .
Now only a pot comedy would conceive of turning George W. into a goofy , dare I say even likable pothead who 's afraid of his dad and Dick Cheney .
While not without its funny moments , this labored sequel ups the nudity and gross-out factor while diminishing the sweetness and evident camaraderie of its appealing leads .
Anything the filmmakers might have , could have , should have handled with even the remotest degree of subtlety ... they did n't .
A prison sex slave rebellion having to do with an organ sandwich , do n't ask , and a detour over to Bush 's secret sex den , make this ballsy doper duo and their Blue State versus Red State rant hard to resist .
Whereas White Castle had a freshness in its humor , Guantanamo goes crude for the sake of crudeness , to the point of ruining entire scenes .
A drunken bachelor party kind of movie , more of a rental idea than a full-priced theater movie .
Those wishing to defend the honor of the red states will find much to dislike here , starting with the depiction of Southerners as rednecks and Klansmen
Unfortunately , the movie has too many uninspired and shockingly unfunny moments that outweigh the good by at least a few tons .
A surprisingly ` post-9 / 11 ' movie , it combines typical stoner humor with a plot about ethnic profiling , torture , and War on Terror paranoia . But , like , in a funny way .
... even Doogie Howser and his imaginary unicorns ca n't save this film .
Not a high point in stoner comedies , the snickering filmmakers miss their chance to take on racial profiling in the war on terror . Bongs away !
There 's plenty about the Bush administration 's War on Terror worthy of satire , but Harold & Kumar picks over a carcass that others have chewed over with much sharper teeth .
This movie has everything . Violence , racism , incest , sex , drugs , gross-out humor , insane amounts of nudity and Neil Patrick Harris !
The sequel proves you can still have fun with Harold and Kumar , but you can never go back to White Castle again .
Harold & Kumar Escape from Guantánamo Bay , a loosely strung-together collection of sex , race , and stoner jokes , is , by any rational standard , a terrible movie , yet I kept laughing at it , and I came out of the theatre in a good mood .
Overall , it 's an enjoyable sequel , although not up to the admittedly high -- heh -- standards of the first installment .
After two films of their joyous irresponsibility and hedonistic pleasures , I can say with confidence that I would n't want to live in a world without them .
The gross-out and gay-panic humor is overdone , but like its predecessor , the movie makes some cogent if clumsy points about racial identity .
If you 're really , really high , you might think that H&KE fGB suggests that we are only truly free when we transcend our own racial identities .
A disappointing and bland follow up to a comedy that deserved much better than a typical cash-in ...
Falls into that classic sequel trap : do the same thing again , but do it bigger and louder ... It 's a big , noisy , unfunny rerun .
... unpleasant and mean-spirited ...
An unfortunate , sloppy sequel .
-LSB- A -RSB- ctually scores more points off the nation 's paranoid and repressive post-9 / 11 mindset than all of Hollywood 's hand-wringing war-on-terror dramas put together .
... has been infused with an uncomfortably over-the-top sensibility that handily obliterates the easy-going feel of its predecessor ...
Insightful this film may not be , but that 's never its aim . It 's about making us laugh at the silly antics of a couple of dudes we met before and pretty much like .
Because the satire is less subversive and more overt than before , what you see is basically what you get .
A fitfully funny if somewhat less excellent sequel .
By the time the relatively brief movie finally -LRB- and happily -RRB- ends in a flurry of True Love and an exhale of stale smoke , you 're ready to embrace your own drug of choice .
Plays like desperate repackagings of the first movie 's more successful set pieces -- with the accent on desperate and the freshness level down to zero .
A simultaneously broad-brush and acute critique of U.S. policy regarding detainees gives way almost immediately to the escape , inadvertent and slapdash as everything is in the -LRB- apparent -RRB- franchise .
Help me escape from this movie !
Mostly works because it 's well cast , wildly written and full of good , old-fashioned comedic friction .
As much as I enjoyed the pot-fueled laughs and the sheer energetic lunacy of the original , I was really let down by this uninspired sequel .
The jokes all revolve around weed , stereotypes , and Neil Patrick Harris ; the stereotype stuff is by far the funniest .
The line between vulgar-funny and just plain vulgar is crossed too often in this indefensible sequel .
Giddy brain-dead fun that goes to such pains to debunk stereotypes that the debunking itself becomes a joke .
If frat boy gutter humor is what it takes to get Korean - , Indian - , Latino - , African - and Jewish-Americans major roles in the same Hollywood film , so be it . Just do n't stay in that gutter . And wherever you go next , be sure to keep Corddry and Harris around
There 's a reason why Foreign Affairs has never done a theme issue about `` Dude , Where 's My Car ? ''
The most shocking thing put forth in Harold and Kumar Escape from Guantanamo Bay just might be the proposition that George W. Bush is actually a pretty cool guy .
Whether ` Guantanamo Bay ' could have succeeded in spawning a franchise on its own is questionable , but it hits more often than it misses .
A crass , classic , take-the-money-and-run ripoff which squanders a golden opportunity to make a statement about racial profiling , the Patriot Act and the Geneva Conventions in favor of serving up a mindless teensploit laced with shockingly-graphic images .
Looking for love just does n't seem as satisfying as satisfying the munchies .
The core Harold and Kumar audience of stoners and slackers will enjoy the rude humor and drug references , but the rest of us clean and sober folks are going to be left cold .
Is n't it amazing that a `` stoner comedy '' could be so profound ?
The best comedic team since Abbott and Costello . Neil Patrick Harris completes the duo .
If you 're tough enough to go with the filthy flow , Escape from Guantanamo Bay is , at times , bust-a-gut funny .
... has the same spirit of non-stop comedy as its predecessor and strikes the same chord in the hearts of those of us who appreciate a good laugh .
A guilty pleasure that retains the anarchic charms of the original .
Hurwitz and Schlossberg 's sensibilities are coarse , juvenile , lewd , relentlessly tasteless and sometimes surprisingly perceptive when it comes to the glorious variety of racial stereotyping . The film is n't subtle but it can be funny .
This is one of those rare pictures that can gross you out and make you think at one and the same time .
Harold and Kumar are pothead patriots in the first feel-good torture film .
Did I really just compare H and K to a Neil Simon comedy ?
Most of the wannabe outrageous racial humor is too shallow to constitute real satire .
It 's as if the filmmakers were doing something that impaired their concentration and made them lose focus on something they started .
The film is carried by its charismatic stars , John Cho as Harold and Kal Penn as Kumar . Kumar plays Laurel to Harold 's Hardy , continually getting the pair into messes . Cho is a marvel at displaying exasperation , his face contorting into a frown .
Offers a mix of nasty toilet jokes and sex gags , but the gratuitous nudity -LRB- male and female -RRB- and crazy cannabis-ness are there to serve a greater good : to mock social and political hypocrisy , a culture steeped in prejudice and pretense .
The whole film feels easily distracted and apt to laugh at anything . But that 's okay . So is its target audience .
-LSB- The movie 's -RSB- idiocy serves the cause of good sense and intelligence . And no , I 'm not smoking anything .
I did n't laugh anywhere near as much at this far less fresh sequel - which is broader , more vulgar , more scattershot , more overtly political and a lot less funny than it sounds on paper .
Penn and Cho 's stoner slapstick will doubtless please their obsessive fans .
While Penn and Cho remain casually cool -LRB- they 're hipper than the fools who spout bigoted clichés -RRB- , the movie forgets to stay true to their characters or to itself .
But then , I never understood the fascination with Cheech and Chong , either , the whole marijuana genre of comedy not exactly my usual cup of tea .
With its intoxicating blend of frat boy humor and sociological satire , Escape From Guantanamo Bay is the comedy of the year so far .
Nothing matches your first time , but Escape From Guantanamo is still a liberating low humour experience .
Harold & Kumar Escape from Guantanamo Bay is no political tract , but it can be surprisingly bold .
The film is far from an intelligent commentary on America 's race relations ... but at a time when race is at the forefront of the American discussion , it presents the topic in a way at which we can laugh .
As is so often the case with sequels , this one feels like a retread , albeit on a bigger scale .
Harold & Kumar should be thrown in Gitmo for starring in such an awful sequel .
These are strictly movies by stoners , about stoners and for stoners . If they offer any service to humanity , it will be to help authorities corral the dregs of society as they congregate in theatres and ship the lot of them to Guantanamo Bay .
It 's a latter-day Abbott and Costello flick , where the monster they encounter is n't Frankenstein , but the Bush Administration .
Of all the grim and somber films over the past year skewering America 's mismanagement of the `` War on Terror , '' who 'd have thought that an absurdist stoner comedy would be the one to get it right ?
The best laughs come when the movie aims a little higher , which is n't often enough
For some , the comedy glass will be more half-empty than half-full , but fans of the original movie and people exhausted by the state of the genre in general will drink up and hope they get another serving sooner than 2012 .
While Guantanamo Bay is n't as consistently funny as its predecessor , it does capitalize on the fact that the world is even more screwed up now than it was four years ago .
There is n't really much plot to Harold and Kumar , just a lot of scatological humor , sex and body parts as well as body function jokes .
There are poop jokes and c * m shots but nothing as insightfully twisted as the diarrhea twins .
I think that 's the greatest thing about these Harold & Kumar movies . They make stereotyping look ridiculous .
If Doogie Howser and dime bags are more your thing , then this film will most likely hit the spot .
It ends up coming off like an extended Carlos Mencia sketch , and it certainly ca n't justify the film 's short 100-minute running time .
It 's lost some of the outrageous edge found in the original film , but there is still plenty of irreverent laughs
They try very hard to re-create the magic and popularity of the first Harold & Kumar adventure , but you ca n't always capture lightning in a bottle twice .
Cheerfully offensive , cheekily raunchy , happily outrageous , and often just plain disgusting , the movie avoids the usual sophomore slump by ramping up the political jabs while keeping it all unpretentious and moving quickly .
I was really looking forward to this one .
Harold & Kumar Escape From Guantanamo Bay embraces America 's capacity for decency and kindness . The possibility that we could actually be that great country is n't just a pipe dream . Only sometimes you need a pipe to truly believe in it .
During its slightly surreal scenes , Harold and Kumar Escape from Guantanamo Bay crackles . At other times , it 's the same old smoke out .
An amplification of scale and subject matter that is n't , alas , accompanied by an upgrade in humor .
I 'd assumed I would never have to write this , but I miss the confident directorial touch of the guy who made Dude , Where 's My Car ?
The jokes that actually work successfully in Harold & Kumar Escape From Guantanamo Bay are the same ones that worked in its predecessor
Cho and Penn do n't have the needed personality or comic identity to sustain a franchise and their non-drug humor is so crude and scatological that -- to say the least -- it leaves a very bad taste in the mouth .
It 's laugh out loud funny , and once the screenwriters figure out how to resolve 's Patrick Harris 's return , they still have Amsterdam .
Any comedy zany enough to include a veiled , left-field reference to Clara 's Heart has something going for it .
Cho and Penn are winning leads and play well off of each other . When the film works , it 's often due to their interaction .
Non-potheads , even those who liked the White Castle original ... may have trouble with this dumb , rather nauseating follow-up .
Hurwitz and Schlossberg are n't exactly subtle in making their case against government paranoia and repression , but they are funny most of the time .
It 's sporadically enjoyable in a silly , mindless way and it 's hard not to laugh at least a few time while awash in all the bad taste .
Far from a complete failure , but in trying so hard to up the ante the filmmakers have made a lesser , more rambling finished product . Simply is n't as satisfying this time around .
It was fresh the first time .
In all its mock outrage and its daring shots at hypocrisy , bigotry and the government , Harold & Kumar , the characters and the movie , lose their subversive innocence .
Dude % u2014now even a stoner comedy can star minority actors . That may not seem like major cultural progress , but progress it is .
You find yourself smiling at some of the bits , wincing through many , many others , and ultimately wondering if the pacing would 've improved had either H or K developed a terrible cocaine habit .
The film feels careless and calculated at once : careless in its assembly , calculated in an attempt to copy Castle . -LRB- But who could blame Hurwitz and Schlossberg ? They have no other film credits . -RRB-
Chasing freedom 's not as funny as chasing fast food .
Stoner social satire is rude , crude , and funny .
As occasionally entertaining as it can be , Guantanamo Bay is essentially a bawdier -- but , sadly , dumber -- version of its precursor .
Easily the funniest movie since Superbad and a more than satisfying sequel .
Laces its copious gross-out gags , pothead humor and female nudity with the smartest social satire this side of The Daily Show .
The satire is anything but nuanced in this zany comedy targeted to the 17-35 set , and that 's just how its audience likes it .
Sharp satire , d -- and fart jokes ... and Neil Patrick Harris !
They 're such lovable goofs that you ca n't help wishing their quest for White Castle fast food and their flight from Gitmo could live up to the sort of sharp satire these two bright boys deserve .
Unfortunately , nothing in Harold & Kumar Escape From Guantanamo is funnier than its title .
In spite of their dubiously short stay at the prison of the film 's title this multi-culti screwball buddy comedy , about stoner goofballs Harold and Kumar , properly roasts post 9/11 America with an irreverent vengeance .
Not as fresh or inventive as the first chapter , though the film finds some relevant humor in essentially grim political situations .
The HIGHly-anticipated sequel to 2004 's Harold and Kumar Go to White Castle comes just how you 'd expect it : raunchy , wild , disgusting and completely absurd .
Like most comedy sequels , it is not as funny as its predecessor -- but , like most comedy sequels , that wo n't matter too much if you get stoned before you watch it .
If you have n't seen the first Harold & Kumar then this one might not be for you , but nonetheless Harold & Kumar Escape From Guantanamo Bay is the best comedy so far for 2008 .
In its own wacky way , Harold & Kumar Escape From Guantanamo Bay is one of the ballsiest comedies to come out of Hollywood in a long time . No kidding .
Lacks the fresh charm that made their first such an unexpected -LRB- if guilty -RRB- pleasure .
No less eager than its predecessor to use pointed political incorrectness to poke fun at our prejudices .
They 've given their raunchy comedic world more depth , and it pays off with even bigger laughs than those found in the first one .




@highlight

It may not equal its predecessor , but Harold and Kumar Escape from Guantanamo Bay is still good for some laughs -- and food for thought .