Paul W.S. Anderson makes lively , unpretentious mid-budget genre movies fixated on video-gamey `` cool '' and distinguished by their leanness and their inventive - and sometimes even poetic - use of space .
You know it 's dreadful while you watch it , yet you 're still paying rapt attention to its vehement anti-genius .
It seems that Anderson was forced to film this with a gun to his head . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Any unfortunate souls who wander in with no prior Resident Evil experience will wonder how something this anemic and shallow was ever popular . You and me both , friends .
Looks are absolutely everything in Retribution , which melds stunning 3-D computer-graphics and spectacular sets with a skimpy storyline and zero characterization .
More high-calorie , low-sense , audiovisual CGI stimulation arrives in the form of this fifth and most roundly unsatisfying entry in the previously lithe and fun videogame franchise .
It has a Rolls with spinning hub caps - what more do you want ?
More of the same idiotic swill that Anderson feeds his numbskull fan base .
It 's a funny thing about Jovovich as Alice : she gives the character just enough personality , but not enough to break the somber apocalyptic mood .
The Resident Evil films are not everyone 's bag , although they seem to be evolving into their own brand of hyper-stylized cheese , made more extreme with each outing .
`` Retribution '' has actually got some very decent action and 3D effects . The story is still razor-thin . But , by the end of it all , I was ready for the next sequel , the presumed finale .
For those of us who know what we 're in for with the series , the fifth installment is for better or worse , more of the same - albeit with the familiar levels of ridiculousness from its maddeningly inconsistent director/writer
You can put as much gloss on top of the shaky foundations and wooden acting as possible but as soon becomes apparent - you ca n't varnish a turd .
If you liked the other Resident Evil films , you 'll like this , and the end suggests there 'll be plenty more .
The ending threatens yet more . Let 's hope the fates intervene and put Paul and Milla in divorce court before then .
More than ever , forgoes real attempts at character and story for lots of repetitive zombie skirmishes .
Resident Evil : Retribution is style-over-substance in every possible definition of the concept .
Even noisier , more incoherent , and more like watching someone play a shooter-style video game than its predecessors .
While the last movie felt clean and more character-focused , this one seems a good deal lazier , both in the writing and directing departments .
` Regurgitation ' might be a more appropriate subtitle for this redundant fifth go-round ...
Containing almost no story , Resident Evil : Retribution shows the series ' video-game origin more than ever .
Nobody goes to a Resident Evil movie expecting a classic but this fifth entry in the series is just plain cruddy .
Milla Jovovich is still a great action heroine , but the movie is just more of the same old stuff .
Uwe Boll gets most of the scorn , but has anyone done more to destroy hope of a decent movie being made from a video game than Paul W.S. Anderson ?
It takes a while for the film to start being bad .
A mildly entertaining piece of eye-candy .
Dreary , loud and uber-violent but , having grossed nearly $ 700 million worldwide , there 's no stopping this franchise .
` Resident Evil : Retribution ' does feel like a miniscule improvement over ` Afterlife , ' but should still be considered overkill for a franchise that has already run its course .
A visually-captivating fantasy for teenage males with raging hormones , the demographic most apt to enjoy watching an invincible vixen in spandex waste wave after wave of mindless mutants .
The script is incoherent and the acting is terrible -- avatars would have been an improvement .
Thuddingly awful .
Some sequels suggest that no one involved with a franchise really cares anymore .
`` Resident Evil : Retribution '' brings us to the fifth entry in a series that ran out of steam a long time ago .
Resident Evil : Retribution is the first of the series that feels like a video game
A zombie plague may have laid waste the world , but apparently supplies of black leather unitards have yet to be exhausted .
Giving their growing fanbase exactly what it expects , director W.S Anderson and Milla Jovovich deliver another thick slice of slick , glossy , futuristic action pulp .
A maniacal montage of cartoonish battle sequences .
Não tem história ; tem fases .
Paul W.S. Anderson 's writing may not have blown minds and our characters may not be up for any awards , but Resident Evil : Retribution showcases tantalizing big budget action on a stylistically provocative level .
Anderson 's action chops are undeniable - but Resident Evil : Retribution might be one of the dumbest things ever crafted by human hands .
You either enjoy buff female and male characters in tight , form-fitting outfits shooting at zombies and each other , or you do n't . It 's really that simple .
Resident Evil : Retribution ca n't even pass muster for the simple standards of this series .
I half-believed this movie was , indeed , a video game that Paul W.S. Anderson was playing in his underwear while smoking a bong .
a work so completely removed from lucidity or linearity that if it bore the signature of Luis Bunuel or Seijun Sezuki instead of that of Paul W.S. `` The Other Master '' Anderson , it would be celebrated as a masterpiece of experimental cinema .
At this point in the franchise , Anderson is content to alight the saga on a perpetual rewind loop , ever-ending , ever-rebooting , all subsidized by his nonpareil compositional sense .
Director Paul W.S. Anderson really nails the feeling of a character walking into a room and opening fire upon a horde of nondescript bad guys , then walking into another room and doing the exact same thing , ad nauseum .
During the film 's final sequence the director explains all while also suggesting that the franchise 's nuttiest days are , remarkably , yet to come .
The acting is sometimes shockingly bad , but generally the script does n't ask much of the actors , and the combat is effectively staged and often thrilling .
Writer-director Paul W.S. Anderson ... attempts to fill out a flimsy plot structure by making the characters ' comings and goings overly convoluted .
Most franchises which make it to 5 movies start to run out of ideas by then , but if Retribution has one glaring problem it 's that it has far too many of them .
Resident Evil movies do n't tell stories so much as they provide variations on a theme , and that theme is : a pubescent boy 's wet dream recast as an antiseptic dub-step nightmare
`` At last , '' Alice narrates , `` we thought we had survived the horror . '' But no .
Diagramming every revolution of Jovovich in wheeling and whirling action , however , Anderson is pitch-perfect when singing the body electric .
We do n't go to video game movies for plot , of course , but there has to be something to hold onto ; otherwise , why would we care if our protagonist were in danger ?
The film 's extravagant action scenes have not a whiff of consequence to them , and other than Alice , the foremost quality of all of the characters is their disposability .
Resurrecting some dead characters from the previous films does n't do much from moving this lifeless film to an exciting action film fans want to enjoy .
We do not expect quality from Resident Evil any longer . We expect our brains to be expunged of common sense and pumped full of endorphins wearing fetish costumes .
If they ran these scenes at normal speed , would 95 dreary minutes become a much more expedient 20 to 25 ?
The horror sequel equivalent of a `` clip show '' episode of Friends .
Endless video-game-style , violent mayhem is on display in this latest edition of the mind-numbing apocalypse series .
As far as a Paul W.S. Anderson ` Resident Evil ' goes , -LSB- ` Retribution ' is -RSB- a mind-melting popcorn film gelled with insane amounts of action-packed eye-candy .
It does n't help to have Jovovich , Guillory , and Rodriguez in charge of the acting here . The three anti-Streeps slog through Anderson 's god-awful dialogue with a peculiar drowsiness .
Proves without a shadow of a doubt that this franchise is just jerking viewers around as it paces in circles . At some point , even Alice is going to have to admit that she 's been wasting her time .
Like an established pizza chain , director Anderson is in thrall to a guarantee : all relationships , of any significance , will be established in three seconds or less .
For those of you out there who dig on these overblown popcorn flicks , the fifth installment in the Resident Evil franchise is certainly one of the better chapters in this ongoing story .
Lacks inventiveness in any single fibre of its being - and worse , it 's dull .
Easily the worst outing in an already mediocre movie series .
The movie is convoluted , of course , but it is also slick , savage and thrilling .
It 's all the same blah-blah carnage as the first four flicks , with 3D effects hurling blood , blades and body parts into the audience amid a non-stop barrage of gunfire and explosions .

@highlight

Resident Evil : Retribution offers everything one might reasonably expect from the fifth installment in a heavily action-dependent franchise -- which means very little beyond stylishly hollow CGI-enhanced set pieces .