Elle makes a strong case for the actress as auteur .
Verhoeven shows a remarkable mastery over the tone of the narrative , leaving the viewer uncomfortable , without knowing exactly why . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This is a film portraying patriarchal misogyny , not condoning it . However , Verhoeven has no interest in delivering his biting critiques in easily digestible pieces .
It 's that kinky ambiguity that gives `` Elle '' such a jolt , often a queasy one given the subject matter .
Huppert successfully navigates these tonal and narrative shifts , fusing Verhoeven 's contradictory trails into a consistent , complex performance .
Elle suffers from too many subplots , and runs on 15 minutes too long . But the work is a real showcase for Huppert , who at 63 is wiry , intense and utterly compelling .
It 's a psychological thriller , a film about gender issues , a comedy about the bourgeoisie , a sexual satire . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
In a year that 's seen mainstream cinema struggle to reach any great heights , it 's refreshing to find a film that 's as engaging and defiantly hard-to-pin down as Elle .
Huppert is excellent , and somehow the film does manage to be funny as well as deeply disturbing . And it will , I guarantee , prompt a heated post-screening debate .
On the level of craft , Elle is excellent .
There 's not much admirable about her callousness , but for a woman and especially for a mother , her sense of entitlement borders on transgressive .
The film is a lot of things , most of them nasty , many of them uncomfortably hilarious .
-LSB- Isabelle -RSB- Huppert is chillingly superb .
Whatever your reaction to the plot , it 's undeniable that watching Huppert defy any expectation you have of her characters makes up for the piled-on nature of the plot .
In a part that 's decidedly not warm and cuddly , in an often disturbing film , it 's -LSB- Isabelle Huppert 's -RSB- subtlety , craft , presence , and her ability to surprise us-along with her almost supernatural cool-that keeps the viewer riveted .
... Elle 's success on the narrative high wire between daring psychodrama and rape-mongering is bound quite strictly to Huppert 's performance as an act of repossession .
The trauma permeates every scene , and Huppert rises to the challenge of letting us know what she 's thinking in a way that 's barely palpable to those around her .
This is Verhoeven 's point : the violence Michèle suffers is not isolated , but just an extreme symptom of the misogyny that permeates Michèle 's life .
What is great about the film is that Huppert delivers the nuances of a deep-seeded ambivalence bordering on psychopathic tendencies that Elle experiences as a result of her childhood history in a way that only Huppert can .
Elle is an impeccable example of what could be deemed actor-as-auteur . The movie is unimaginable without Huppert . Her performance is fearless , complex and utterly unpredictable .
As Michele , Huppert contains literal volumes .
Were it not for Huppert 's wonderfully measured performance , Elle could have spiralled into the realms of stomach-turning offensiveness .
Serial killers do n't seem so bad compared with ` normal ' people in this twisted dark comedy/drama . The story is plausible , but the main character , a kinky , high functioning rape victim whose father was a famous serial killer , is hard to relate to .
One of the most audacious , perverse and disturbing films . Somenthing to enjoy and discuss . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
While ELLE relies heavily on the strength of its unlikable woman heroine , its relentless focus on Michèle 's suffocating chill factor allows for no breathing room in the narrative -- and breaks any connection it could have with the audience .
A fascinating trawl though the headspace of a closed character .
Featuring a razor sharp performance from the incomparable Isabelle Huppert , Verhoeven 's latest effort is an expertly layered drama in which a successful woman experiences a rather unconventional midlife awakening .
A great story with a good script and solid characters . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It is complicated but it 's also strangely enjoyable .
What a triumph of dark desires Paul Verhoeven 's latest film is .
Verhoeven invites us to enjoy Michèle 's behaviour , no matter how morally dubious it seems . This is what makes Elle so special and captivating .
A complex , fascinating and often highly amusing enigma of a modern woman in a picture that is almost impossible to define ; much like its protagonist .
If the definition of intelligence is the ability to hold two contradictory thoughts in your head at the same time , then Elle is a movie designed to make its audience feel very smart indeed .
A fascinating yet flawed study of modern feminism .
Technically , Elle is masterful . Verhoeven 's use of dual cameras brings the audience viscerally close to his varieties of violence and Huppert 's evocative micro-expressions , and his sly eye captures the darkly absurd as well as heartsinking horror .
A perplexing but electrifying mixture of sexual violence , black humour and social satire .
This is a deceptively complex , uproariously misanthropic , unclassifiable original , powered by one of the best-ever performances of a true on-screen great .
At 78 , Basic Instinct and Starship Troopers director Paul Verhoeven has lost none of his power to shock . Hitchcock would have been proud of this extraordinary film .
Calling it a thriller is only really half the story , as Paul Verhoeven has expertly woven in dark and complex twists around middle-age , death and friendship .
A blackly comic masterpiece that contains enough material to make about ten films - all of which would almost certainly be excellent .
It 's Huppert who deserves most credit for Elle 's success as a movie .
You could say Verhoeven has translated his own Basic Instinct into French , but this film benefits from the change of setting and will spark debate ...
Elle is intriguing , unpredictable and gripping . It also has the wonderful Isabelle Huppert in towering form . That should be recommendation enough .
I have n't been so gripped by a film in a long time , but I 'm still not sure if my intense engagement with Elle was for the right reasons . This is a shocking , transgressive , wickedly funny psychological thriller .
This film is beautiful to look at , but if it has anything to say about sex , violence , desire , it all passed me by . Rape should be shown on screen , if only to challenge it , but if this does any of that challenging , that too passed me by .
Elle leaves you feeling shell-shocked , but also rather like you 've been tickled .
Elle is a wildly unpredictable thriller that dances between being an unflinchingly absurd , sadistically sensationalised and exploitative satire .
Every performance is striking . The script throbs with astringent wit . But it is not a film that expects unconditional love .
Huppert does blithe amorality better than anyone .
Verhoeven directs `` Elle '' as if wielding a corkscrew . He stabs it into our brains with that disturbing opening sequence , then microtwists it for two hours .
Huppert 's magnificent performance glazes everything with mystery and is an essential flavour for its dark and sulphurous absurdity .
There is not a single moment in the entire movie in which we are able to guess what -LSB- Huppert -RSB- will do next -- and that 's what makes Elle such a wild and surprising ride .
Teases the viewer with its every double-edged frame .
Huppert has always been good , but she 's never been better than this . Often shocking , surprisingly funny and strangely powerful , this is intense and fascinating .
A complex film that sidesteps every cliché . Paul Verhoeven and Isabelle Huppert are at the top of their game .
A textured , nimble work , Elle will leave you gasping at its brilliantly bad behaviour .
One of the most provocative , sexy and complex films of 2016 .
A film as a game of encounters or audiovisual scrabble , made of forceful short sequences , sustained rhythm and ellipsis , with noble interpretations . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
What seems at first a thriller is transformed into a provocative portrait of a character as fascinating as repellent : the title , a woman who can be anything but a victim . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A splendid film of a fierce , three-dimensional character , who , with a disposition for subtleties , is also touching . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An original movie that sails with the psychological thriller banner , but that is actually the study of a character like Elle that thanks to Isabell Huppert will remain in our memory . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film that presents a range of behaviors pushed by perversity , which shows contrasting habits , which exhibits the ridicule and violence that fit into a hypocritical society . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A measured thriller that employs the unknown identity of the rapist to keep us alert , generating tension and suspicion with surgical precision . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A hybrid of several genres where what matters is the fascinating following to its protagonist , a meticulous and intimate study of character . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film that combines suspense and black humor to move from the ruthless and hilarious to the absurd and somber . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Paul Verhoeven breaks with the Hollywood conventions of filmmaking and creates an intelligent and transgressive film , where Isabelle Huppert plays her most complex and enjoyable character so far . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Elle is not an attempt to humanize fetishes or condemn them , but it 's a brilliant achievement in admitting and ridiculing them . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A strong film for a single actress who truly takes over the scene because of her enormous talent and personality . Highly recommend . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Had Verhoeven made something more self-consciously garish or darkly comical , the material might have worked , but Elle suffers from something of a split personality , with Verhoeven gleefully shocking us while also reaching for art-film bona fides .
A very contemporary film in which its protagonist is capable of transmitting compassion , rejection , empathy and excitement . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Really , what sticks in the mind is Michele 's quiet stoicism , at once sad and unsettling .
Elle 's moral ambiguity and controversial content are its strengths .
Elle is an elle of a film . It 's a doozy . Women rule .
The main reason to see it is Huppert 's performance . She makes it well worth the time .
The most surprising film in Verhoeven 's filmography , but it 's also one of his absolute bests .
`` Elle '' never pulls any punches , and Verhoeven titillates right until the end .
Director Paul Verhoeven 's first movie in French features an elegant , powerful Isabelle Huppert ; she adds weight to what 's really a pretty basic , stretched-out story filled with sex and violence .
An irreverent film worthy of those of its generation as Brian De Palma or David Cronenberg , to who seems to pay tribute . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A violent story and a violent performance even by Isabelle Huppert 's standards twists and turns its way to acceptance , if not redemption
Verhoeven 's first film in ten years - and his first deliriously twisted one in much longer - is quite a rebirth for a filmmaker long assumed lost .
Verhoeven is back thanks to the magnificent performance by Huppert . She deserves the Best Actress Academy Award for her fearless performance .
It 's challenging material , with elements of dark comedy and misogyny , that 's intriguing even when David Birke 's screenplay goes off the rails in the end .
Huppert is practically incapable of falseness , the perfect star for a film obsessed with ugly truths .
It 's an elegantly unpleasant piece of work if ever there was one . But Huppert is so good that the film is very much worth seeing .
Calling it bold is an understatement , and it is what elevates the film to one worth the controversy , albeit only for equally bold audiences .
Verhoeven , a chilly , efficient director of arms-length sexually-charged thrillers , does n't want you to fall for the heroine . He wants you to almost pity the assailant .
A fascinating and unexpected character study , balancing playful titillation with serious questions that linger long after the final inscrutable moment .
Paul Verhoeven , the former bad boy of Dutch cinema , is back with a deliciously refined vengeance after years in the wilderness .
Verhoeven and Huppert have crafted a grimly humorous but life-affirming portrait of strength and survivorship .
-LRB- Director Paul -RRB- Verhoeven continually upends expectations and keeps you involved through suspense , not so much on who attacked Michelle , but on her method for eventually exacting her revenge .
Elle is the best of Paul Verhoeven 's movies . With flashing warning signs , I highly recommend it .
The core of this story is little more than a nasty piece of lurid misogyny masquerading as a tale of women 's empowerment .
Paul Verhoeven returns to European cinema , with French cinematic icon Isabelle Huppert , and gives us modern-day psychological crime thriller that is as dark as it is brilliant .
I urge you to not read any reviews before seeing it , including this one . It 's not that the film has twists that can spoil the experience if they 're known ahead of time so much as it 's in the way the movie is itself twisted .
Its third act may leave you sickened instead of surprised . Elle is not for the closed-minded . Michèle 's home and lifestyle may project a sense of chicness , but it never completely obscures the ugliness underneath .
There is a brazen , dangerous atmosphere floating about the French-language feature Elle , a dramatic thriller with much to admire but , depending on your sensibilities , not as much to like .
The film 's humor and subtlety balance its obvious outrageousness , but one can understand why some viewers feel nothing but ire .
A disturbing film from beginning to end , it 's difficult to imagine vestiges of humor with a topic like this , but Verhoeven does it without detracting from its significance . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The indignities and mishaps are so numerous that they become comical .
One of the best films of the year , Elle is a gripping psychological thriller , something of a Hitchcockian whodunit but with a feminist protagonist . Riveting yet puzzling , the film is guaranteed to provoke reactions -- and not all of them sympathetic .
Elle is a twisted little number that 's weirdly entertaining .
There are several ways you can watch `` Elle , '' only one of which is mildly enjoyable .
Get over your subtitle phobia and check out one of the best films of the year .
It 's a strange feature , but one does n't want Verhoeven any other way , and he delivers a unique viewing experience as the story touches on some truly disturbing events .
`` Elle '' is a mysterious puzzle , not mainly about whodunit plot points , but the far more titillating question of who people truly are and what they 're capable of .
A breathtakingly twisted piece of work ... that bridges some markedly taboo fault lines concerning power and sexuality . And somehow the damned thing is also funny , usually at the least opportune moments .
Elle is an outrageous mix of psychological thriller and character study in which that character is a mass of contradictions . Only an actress as skillful as Huppert could play her to the hilt and not repel us
A very crude , sordid , well told and entertaining drama that has a bit of comedy . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Elle is an unholy mingling of rape-revenge fantasies with a fusty French bedroom farce . I 've never seen anything quite like it .
Elle is a bewitching film that wishes to engage with its audience , provoking both disquieted gasps and uncomfortable laughter in the most untimely and opportunistic moments .
Will offend and intrigue in equal measure by defying cultural norms in just about every respect .
Elle is clean , deep , and uncomfortable .
A smart , sophisticated and riveting psychological thriller for adults . Isabelle Hupper 's best role since The Piano Teacher !
The twisty screenplay is both subversive and provocative , and even perversely humorous as it pushes boundaries and genre conventions .
Like its heroine , the film shocks by lunging back and forth between comedy and tragedy .
It 's not a movie about a troubled woman . It 's a movie about troubled filmmakers .
An intoxicating blend of sex , mystery , and violence about an indelible character you 'll find it difficult to forget-but would probably prefer never to meet in real life .
Huppert is phenomenal in her most unnerving performance since Michael Haneke 's `` The Piano Teacher . ''
It does n't exist except as a pile of tropes and clichés that have neither a material nor a symbolic identity but solely a string of simplistic causes and programmed responses .
Isabelle Huppert is an acting force to be reckoned with every time I see her . Here , as Elle , she may be diminutive in stature but her force of will can not be matched .
Huppert clearly relishes the loaded territory she 's playing in , and proves the real reason Elle demands attention .
`` Elle '' is an intriguing French thriller -- but not suitable for everyone .
This movie has a little bit of everything , much of it perverse , all of it mesmerizing .
A darkly compelling look at what a tortured soul can do . Isabelle Huppert is superb .
`` Elle , '' like its heroine , is an enigma , but Huppert 's monumental talent is crystal clear .
Ultimately the identity of the masked attacker is moot : in -LSB- director -RSB- Verhoeven 's eyes every man is capable of rape .
In the end , Michèle 's entire persona and all her actions are a reaction to the behaviour of the men around her and her character becomes flatter and less intriguing the more her own sociopathy is exposed .
By the end of the film , the camera has come to feel much like a male intruder : unwelcome , unwanted , and better now that the screen has faded to black .
Equal parts sexploitation drama , social satire and empowerment fantasy , Elle leaves us unsure of what we 're watching and how we should respond .
`` Elle '' would be too clever by half - not to mention fatally offensive - were it not for Huppert , who in her portrayal of Michèle owns the movie from its opening moments to its bizarre , but not entirely surprising , denouement .
No matter how you cut it , serious or satire , thriller or comedy , Elle is a film for these times .
Elle feels like a few different movies , but it does present an intriguing question of what consent really means and how past and present experiences shape the mind , body and soul .
Verhoeven creates an elegant frame for his lead actress and lets her fill it , and what we end up with is Huppert 's best collaboration with a director since the death of Claude Chabrol .
-LSB- A -RSB- ssured , savage comedy and it is shocking and thrilling and oh so funny ... The reversals , the revelations of character , the implications of behavior , and yes , the level of behavioral authenticity , surprise again and again .
I loved the dialogue and the conversations . There is quite a lot of nudity and many violent scenes , but they were necessary and non-exploitive . This is a thinking person 's thriller , a movie to be seen and discussed , not written about .
The question of whether `` Elle '' is pernicious nonsense or an excruciating black comedy is brushed aside in Huppert 's demonstration of sangfroid .
For people who enjoy coming out of movies unsettled , a little riled up , bursting with questions , and spoiling for a debate , see Elle .
It consistently defies expectations in terms of how a narrative in this vein typically plays out .
Few could pull off the unapologetically demented nature of Elle like Verhoeven .
A deeply disturbing film that , at its best , serves as a meditation on the intersection between power , inequitable relationships , and retribution .
At once a perverse psycho-sexual thriller and a venomous comedy of manners , Elle boldly wears its contractions on its sleeve .
Elle is entertaining enough , and provocative , but it does n't seem to have much to say beyond `` are n't I naughty ? ''
Watching Elle feels like climbing Mt. Everest without an oxygen tank . The air is dizzyingly clear up there . And dangerous , too .
Verhoeven 's adaptation of Philippe Djian 's novel offers a bleak world where men are petty , bitter , and power-hungry , and ball-busting Michelle is their ultimate foil and fascination .
Verhoeven creates a bonfire of a movie that scrutinizes and satirizes the unholy alliance between sex and violence . You ca n't take your eyes off the fearless Isabelle Huppert .
There 's a boldly comical tone to this outrageous thriller that ca n't help but unnerve audiences right the way through to a chilling climax .
I ca n't exactly call Elle a movie I feel good about liking , but I ca n't get it out of my head , either .
Leads its audience through a meticulously constructed maze of ambiguity , scrambling our assumptions and expectations at every turn , dispensing discomfort and delight and daring us to distinguish one from the other .
A provocateur to his core , Verhoeven wades breezily into hot-potato territory , all the while refusing moral judgment .
Not only does Elle open powerfully , but everything that follows is equally captivating .
Looks like a tasteful , respectable French character study , the kind your mom might enjoy . But it might be the most messed-up film Paul Verhoeven 's ever made .
Is there a better living actress than Isabelle Huppert ?
Part thriller , part obsidian-black comedy , part cerebral firebomb , it 's confrontational , terrible and glorious .
Huppert is brilliant . She 's long combined a roiling emotional reservoir with careful technique ; feelings play across her delicate , almost translucent face like clouds reflected in a windowpane .
Elle is a challenging film , but challenging precisely because it 's entertaining , because it 's laugh-out-loud funny , because it indulges its kinks .
Though fundamentally absurd , with a hodgepodge of genres to boot , Elle is an engaging and thought-provoking film .
It 's too twisted and implausible to be everybody 's cup of tea , but it keeps you glued to the screen from beginning to end .
A revenge tale , but one done in the sophisticated European style rather than the simpler Hollywood treatment .
In the end , the absurdity of it all is too much even for Huppert to carry off . She may be fearless , but this time around it 's fearlessness without a cause .
Michele Leblanc -LRB- Isabelle Huppert -RRB- , the heroine of Paul Verhoeven 's terrific new thriller , Elle , is not a typical movie heroine .
It asks us to consider how our emotional responses to the narrative depiction of sexual violence are themselves conditioned by rape culture . Catlike , Elle lands softly and lightly -- with its intriguing antiheroine firmly on her feet .
This dark and sometimes grimly amusing film has been compared to the work of Brian de Palma , but to me it seems more like a blending of Hitchcock and Luis Bunuel .
A mesmerizing , frenzied abomination , a thrilling , propulsively lurid provocation that is simultaneously classy and grotesque , refined and coarse , arthouse and grindhouse .
This film could easily be written off as a stylishly callous provocation , were it not for the imperious precision with which a brilliant Huppert controls every scene .
Elle is not a particularly deep exploration of rape and its surrounding trauma , power relationships and fantasies . But it does raise some intriguing questions .
Audacious and savvy , carried by Huppert 's champion performance as a strong , imperious , and vulnerable woman .
... one of the best films of the year ...
Dark themes of violence , sex , fantasy and guilt are intertwined in Paul Verhoeven 's mesmerising drama about twisted minds and relationships ... This is Verhoeven at his best , showcasing Huppert at hers
Isabelle Huppert 's Michèle is brash , enigmatic and sensual . I ca n't think of another performance to compare to her lest it precede with the word `` less '' .
A film that has a precise rhythm , a great combination of genres and an extreme moral hardness that does n't judge anyone . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Verhoeven masterfully stretches the suspense , and his gallows humor lands most of the time . His attempts at edginess slide into exploitation , though .
Driven by a tremendous and powerhouse performance from Isabelle Huppert , `` Elle '' electrifies in its slick and throwback call to the '90s thriller .
Elle gleefully jumps into its taboos again and again , mistaking deeper levels of incredulous plotting as actual depth .
Funny and tense , it 's a film that grows in the mind .
A study of victimhood without sentimentality , of iconic strength without forced sass ... and of determinedly staking a claim over one 's own life against manipulative forces .
This is a difficult , complex , flawed , trigger-laden and ferociously entertaining work with lots to unpack .
The fact that it 's the funniest movie I 've seen this year is mindblowing .
A multi-faceted , endlessly engaging , masterful success .
While the film proves a challenging watch it ultimately works because it recognises , and fully embraces , the fact that there is not one stock response to such an assault .
Elle can brag about being one of the best films of the year . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This films is a look to a new type of moral that firmly believes that we are all monsters . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Elle warns that its director is more brash than ever , and more eager to get into trouble , since the good old days of Basic Instinct and Showgirls , when a gullible Hollywood still had room for morbidness . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A great movie where Verhoeven demonstrates that his talent and ability to give class A material finding the way for all to shine separately and then fit smoothly together are still intact . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Elle is as entertaining as any film Verhoeven has made , which might seem like an odd thing to say about a film that conjures a brutal rape scene abruptly and repeatedly .
Thought-provoking , powerful , and brutal , and those who are uneasy about material dealing with rape should probably steer clear .
An insuperable masterpiece . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Isabelle Huppert is devastating as the blasé power broker who cuts her male subordinates off at the knees , while being drawn to the danger of her mysterious assailant . She 's the proto-feminist avenger that feminism never asked for .
Paul Verhoeven 's film is n't afraid to inhabit the maddening ambivalence of pleasure .
Working with material tailored to her talents , Huppert gives the performance of her career .
A film as provocative as curious and uncomfortably funny . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
I 'm not sure Elle completely adds up ... but I appreciated how epic its scope was for a film that is , ultimately , about a few weeks in the life of a middle-aged woman .
A disappointingly bland drama from Paul Verhoeven ...
Verhoeven , Argento with a brain ...
It 's hard not to anticipate many of Verhoeven 's moves , but Isabella Huppert is too good to ignore in Elle .
To watch Elle is to be perpetually unsure of how to take its alternately sympathetic and unfathomable main character . In other words , it 's Paul Verhoeven at the height of his artistic powers .
Doubtless , defenders will be legion , touting its arty pretensions and `` brave '' approach to essential issues . Count me out .
Directors in their later years often settle comfortably into their preoccupations , doodling happily around the edges of their previous careers . Verhoeven is still trying to make masterpieces , and with Elle , he comes awfully close .
Michele is a fascinatingly complex character and her response is highly personal , rooted in a lifetime of emotional callousness . The character works thanks to Isabelle Huppert , in one of her finest performances .
A strong return-to-form for Verhoeven and a potentially award-worthy performance by Huppert .
A film with an amazingly effective staging , able to keep the audience at the edge of the seat . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Though rife with sexual violence and graphic dialogue , Paul Verhoeven 's blunt , button-pushing , and stinging comedy was the most elegantly made entry in the Cannes Film Festival 's competition .
-LSB- CANNES 2016 -RSB- Daring , ribald , and scathing on every level , `` Elle '' is a movie that sets a standard that 21st century cinema should aspire to . It kicks Hollywood in the teeth without lifting a finger . Glory .
The new Verhoeven is a genre exercise that also has the ambition of a character study . -LSB- Full review in Portuguese . -RSB-
Elle is outrageous , funny and shocking , exhilarating and original .
Essentially a startlingly enjoyable character study with an extraordinarily difficult starting point .
Elle is a masterwork by a master filmmaker , while Huppert 's performance reminds the world once again what a treasure she is .
Elle would be unimaginable without Huppert , who delivers a performance of such virtuosity that she turns what is essentially a raving sociopath into one of the most alluring protagonists in recent memory .
With such a poised and meticulously detailed lead performance at its heart , rich in ambiguities and resonant overtones , the film is not only consistently compelling but pleasingly thought-provoking .
Those who expect a conventional thriller of female revenge , do not know Verhoeven 's filmography . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Takes constant delight in venturing where the vast majority of filmmakers would fear to tread .
Huppert 's long-standing genius for expressing complex cocktails of emotions with casual precision is vital to this role .
Suspenseful and unsettling from first frame to last ...
A beautiful dark twisted French fantasy .
A film that runs boldly up and down the tonal bandwidth , zig-zagging from pitch-black horror to devilish satire to light domestic comedy and then back again .
High-risk material yields unexpected rewards in this remarkable rape-revenge drama , a possible career high for Paul Verhoeven .

@highlight

Elle finds director Paul Verhoeven operating at peak power -- and benefiting from a typically outstanding performance from Isabelle Huppert in the central role .