I 'm all for quirky comedy in an action film , but there were moments in this movie where things were happening that were pretty dangerous , and people are making whacky jokes .
Iron Man 3 may not feel as incomplete as a Gene Simmons solo record , but it does leave you wishing the rest of the band had come along for the ride .
The best entry of the trilogy . Downey Jr. is once again sensational . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
See the 2D version if you can and enjoy a commercial film that is certainly good -- but some way short of great .
Like The Avengers , Iron Man 3 overcomes what logical flaws it has with sheer , unadulterated awesomeness ...
The movie does exactly what a blockbuster should -- entertain .
Better than Iron Man 2 .
In an attempt to bring Tony Stark back to basics , his latest outing is a strangely bloated affair that still manages to be an incredibly fun thanks to the hilarious comedy and exhilarating action .
IM3 is sure to sate its fan base , but it wo n't endear a new crowd .
The Iron Man films are so much better when Iron Man is n't onscreen .
Beyond all the explosions and action set pieces and 3D wizardry , you can still hear a writer with a distinctive , entertaining voice .
The third installment of ` Iron Man ' , while breezy and fun , does n't really deliver on the fun of flying like the first one did , nor much of anything else , really . But so what ?!
The latest Iron Man has everything you 'd expect from a movie with `` 3 '' in its title : more fireballs , badder bad guys and a gazillion battle-armor suits . But it 's also much , much funnier , thanks perhaps to the presence of director Shane Black .
Iron Man 3 is genuine good fun . Nothing to swoon about , but it 's satisfactorily entertaining from beginning to end .
A picture of absolute infectiousness - and a nearly perfect piece of summer entertainment .
Iron Man 3 soars above first sequel and might even rival the 2008 debut for overall entertainment value . You laugh , you sit on the edge of your seat , and you marvel -LRB- yes , Marvel -RRB- at some of the visual effects .
All in fun , the clatter and concussion of action tropes as syncopated as the dialogue .
With Jon Favreau , director of the previous Iron Man films , still around in his sidekick role as Happy Hogan , continuity is maintained , but Black does bring his own , mostly comic chops to the saga .
A smirky , sardonic sensibility smuggled in by Shane Black is almost enough to cure these summertime blues .
While Iron Man 3 is a huge improvement over the second installment , certain story elements that rip the comics to shreds will anger many fans .
Iron Man 3 is , perhaps by default , the best comic book superhero `` threequel '' yet .
Robert Downey Jr. is clearly having a blast playing a more sardonic Tony Stark .
The movie works mainly due to its acting .
Iron Man 3 has good things in it , enough to please the series ' fans -- and yet too many drawbacks to win many converts .
Iron Man 3 is an decent movie that really should have been far better with this pedigree .
Downey is a brilliant actor who somehow manages to portray Tony Stark as traumatised without losing the character 's laidback and comedic quality .
Writer/director Shane Black ... brings sharp snarky humor and some welcome psychological depth to the Iron Man franchise , which faded in an exhausting second installment after the exhilarating original .
The film 's true strength is a snappy , whip-smart wit
The most mature of the `` Iron Man '' films by far .
Marvel Studios lets director Black off the leash for this third installment , and while the result is edgier , sexier , and more dangerous than what has come before , you may not recognize Tony Stark as the man from the long-running comic .
Funnier and smoother , more surprising , defter at being creative while still working within the confines of the superhero formula .
It 's Iron Man 3 's sneaky exposé of superhero cool -- on the outside , a wisecracking warrior ; on the inside , an anxiety-attacked guy who tries to insulate himself with arrogance -- that brings this blockbuster down to sympathetic size .
There 's little doubt that Iron Man Three , in its early stages , fares a whole lot better than one might 've anticipated ...
A generous step up from its predecessor , the various twists are n't exactly as expected , but you 'll still have fun getting there .
Packed with virtually non-stop action from start to finish , `` Iron Man 3 '' is the best film in the `` Iron Man '' series and among the best Marvel-inspired films ever
Features an interesting , angst-ridden psychological sub-text rarely found in blockbuster films .
This may be the lightest , most entertaining cinematic exploration of post-traumatic stress disorder yet .
The finale is explosive , but Iron Man has some rusty patches too
The way Black surrenders the movie 's edginess to the generic onslaught of flashy visuals is a mild disappointment .
A regression in the usual strong work from Marvel Studios , Iron Man 3 suffers from director Shane Black 's mishandling of this popular superhero character .
The elements that were once daring are starting to feel statistically approved - and tired .
Terrorist and anxiety attacks prove equally dismaying to Marvel 's ` man in a can ' in this witty , satisfying sequel .
Iron Hot with action
... best Iron Man yet thanks to Shane Black , who pushes characterization , clever plot twists , not computer effects ... Downey , for a change , drops his guard , shows the heart beneath the armor
It 's the funniest superhero film , and it does n't feel like it 's pandering . That 's the power of Downey , Jr. and now Shane Black .
A palatable entertainment ... rests on the strength of the principals
Are you sick of superheroes ? No , of course you are not , cinema audiences are lapping up any caped crusader movies . But I am , especially when Tony Stark is an angst ridden shambles suffering from performance anxiety . What 's so super about that ?
Yeah ... it 's good .
We can trust in Tony Stark , even when he 's falling apart and ca n't trust himself .
For anyone familiar with Shane Black 's work , it 's not long before a strong case of deja vu sets in .
It 's nothing but a collection of superhero clichés made marginally palatable by Robert Downey Jr. 's endless charm and charisma .
The real enjoyment here comes when Shane Black 's sensibilities take over during the middle hour .
what it does it does quite well , providing a satisfying sense of escapism while reminding us that such pleasures do n't have to be saturated with overkill and completely devoid of relevance
Black and Downey put a swell spin of wit into it and , in a time of superhero saturation , take a back seat to no one in reserving marquee space for their guy . Moreover , they leave you wanting more of the same , please .
It has the flash and quips to be a good time , if not the heart to be great .
Iron Man 3 displays no shortage of cocky swagger in-between - and often during - the requisite sequences of high-tech 3-D carnage .
Same old tired effects to go along with more Downey smugness .
Here , it 's not the suit that makes the man ; it 's the man that makes the suit . And Downey is still the star that keeps it-and this multi-million-dollar movie franchise-roaring and soaring .
A lumbering half-assed attempt at self-seriousness with lots of stuff blowing up , a smattering of repartee , one excellent sequence , and a brace of uninteresting villains .
Iron Man 3 provides loads of high-flying fun thanks to the immense charisma of the quick-quipping Robert Downey Jr. .
Not the best of the three but Robert Downey , Jr. is better than ever .
In the midst of various plot threads with varying degrees of contemporary relevance , Black pulls off a crazy plot twist a little more than halfway through the film that 's truly inspired and solidifies it as a comedy .
With its satisfying combination of humor , action and dazzling set pieces , Robert Downey Jr. and company provide everything fans of the franchise expect .
A superhero movie with enough intelligence and personality that it should appeal to plenty outside its intended comic book demographic .
Watching a Shane Black movie is like listening to a noisy garage band , where no matter how sloppily they skronk through a verse , when they tighten up and hit that sing-along chorus , the lack of polish somehow makes it sound even better .
I have found each of the `` Iron Man '' films a marked improvement over its immediate predecessor ... primarily due to the trajectory of Stark 's relationship with Pepper Potts and the series ' more fearsome recent villains .
A worthy addition to the vaunted Marvel franchise !
Iron Man 3 is a spectacularly fun ride . A superhero movie that is , indeed , super .
The trouble is that , as the plot quickens , any cleverness withdraws , to make way for the firecrackers of the climax . That is not Black 's forte , and his movie duly slumps into a mess .
Suffers from franchise rust .
Like the suits Tony Stark pilots by remote throughout the film , it feels like an empty shell , all sleek and shiny and looking the part on the surface but hollow at the core .
And so was born Iron Man 3 , featuring the further exploits of the only superhero who is not dishwasher-safe .
Despite a somewhat slow start and occasional plot missteps , Iron Man 3 ultimately soars thanks to its charismatic leading man and director Shane Black 's man-on-wire balancing act of humor and action .
Like Iron Man 2 , the movie is generally engaging , occasionally dull , frequently cluttered , and recommended with only the greatest of reservations .
I 've got 3D , but I want 4D . And 5D when it is concocted .
While not a complete failure as visceral eye-candy , Iron Man 3 substitutes schmaltz for inspiration and novelty . It 's disappointing that what appears to be the franchise 's last chapter goes out not with a bang , but with a shrug .
bounds with buoyant irreverence and serious suspense . The scale is large , the payoffs larger , and the sense of fun is never too far from the angst and anguish Stark endures between quips and feats of derring-do .
The film 's army of digital artists deliver big servings of neuron-numbing spectacle . Anyone who thinks that 's not important should avoid this film .
Thanks mainly to Robert Downey Jr. 's performance , this series remains as entertaining as ever .
Not as good as the first Iron Man film , but better than the second , this Iron Man sequel is a mixed bag of comedy and action , but it works well enough .
They decided to make a sort of mad James Bond film ... except instead of Bond , you 've got Tony Stark ... who , by the way , has a suit of armor .
Not quite as much fun as Iron Man the first ... but there are worse ways to welcome summer than with the low-key return of an old friend in good spirits .
Prepare to be hoodwinked , thanks to screenwriters Drew Pearce and Shane Black . Black also directs this terrific ` Iron Man ' installment , which both exhilarates and exhausts .
Iron Man is starting to run out of juice . Walk away and leave while on top .
Dare I say it 's the best Iron Man film yet ? I dare .
Iron Man 3 is innovative , hilarious , and crafted in the same vein of the first film . The closing act is so ridiculously good and gratifying that it 'll give you goosebumps . Robert Downey Jr electrifies in the Tony Stark role yet again .
As always in director/co-writer Shane Black-and this goes back to his cantaloupe-testicled actioners of the 1980 like The Last Boy Scout : Why waste energy mocking a convention that it might be better to do without in the first place ?
Yet another state-of-the-art Marvel creation that strikes an entertaining balance between heart , swagger , and volume .
Shane Black excels at writing witty , self-referential , pop-infused banter , and there is no actor working today who is better suited to delivering it than Robert Downey Jr. .
As a modern commentary , as a piece of pop culture popcorn pizzazz , Shane Black has started the Summer 2013 season off well .
Director Shane Black balances superior action and visual-effects set-pieces with passages that depend on the acting chops of the talented cast ...
Iron Man 3 is missing that old Tony Stark spark . Not from Robert Downey Jr. , who is still the best thing about this overblown show , with his smarter-than-thou charisma intact even while his character emotionally falls apart .
Iron Man 3 packs all the clever one-liners and tons of fun we expect , while contrasting that fun with an authentic sense of menace .
Iron Man 3 is not the best Marvel Studios movie , but it provides plenty of fun and excitement for both Iron Man die-hards and newly acquired Avengers fans .
This maelstrom of violence is exhilarating , but you 'll forget about it before you reach home .
The movie mostly cooks because of Downey , who , as always , keeps up a funny , rollicking meta-commentary on the action while engaging right in the middle of it .
Fewer playboy antics , but still plenty of violence .
Iron Man 3 feels like an exploitative mulching of present-day anxieties . The script is ambitious but not wise enough to be rightfully cathartic . It 's more Cuisinart than art .
A movie so block-headed , so aimlessly busy , you 'd think Michael Bay directed the thing . Actually , that would be an upgrade .
Though Iron Man 3 is a better constructed film than its predecessor , ultimately it succeeds for the same reason the first two films did -- Robert Downey Jr. is Tony Stark .
The action , directed by Shane Black , ranges from passable to interminable .
`` Iron Man 3 '' is rollicking , frenetic and whimsical , mostly because Downey , Jr. is given many comic lines to recite .
As much fun as I had while I watched it , it 's falling apart like Tony Stark 's armor now that I 'm putting it to the test of ... you know ... making sense . Or meaning anything .
Surprisingly surprising ...
That is why Iron Man 3 does a very smart thing , something comic fans have always known is what makes comics great : it takes a superhero and focuses on the man .
For half the movie , Black challenges what audiences have come to expect from comic book movies and Marvel movies in particular . But then in the other half , he falls back on the same-old same-old .
Let the other superheroes fret over the state of civilization , Iron Man just wants you to have fun and from the look of things there are no signs of rust to slow him down .
A bit like Tony Stark himself , `` Iron Man 3 '' crackles with personality and humanity , not caring what people may think .
Black -LRB- co-writing with Drew Pearce -RRB- certainly has a knack for poking exposed cultural nerves . Limbless war veterans , terrorist videos and a mass shooting find their way into his fantasy . No wonder Iron Man has PTSD .
Iron Man 3 is passable mindless entertainment , but even if the film grosses $ 1 billion worldwide the franchise has run its course .
A great way to kick off the spring and summer blockbuster movie season !
The movie flies by in an entertaining flash .
Iron Man 3 is a primer on how not to handle a superhero sequel -- but Paltrow 's abs look great !
The third time 's a charmer for this Marvel franchise , thanks to a clever script and , of course , its inimitable star .
Iron Man 3 follows a psychologically tormented hero who has light-hearted fun while engaging in cartoonish mayhem and uncovering corruption that reflects on contemporary politics . If that sentence sounded like a mouthful , just imagine the movie .
Black chooses to pump up the action to a size that makes it hard to focus the film 's actual excitement .
The movie trades on the continuing Marvel film universe without expanding it in any appreciable way . Ultimately , you will have had enough of Tony Stark when this one ends and that 's not how Tony would want it .
Black is good at giving his heroes a morbid , self-hating edge and even better at coming up with hateable villains .
After a while , the steady diet of tongue-in-cheek starts to taste monotonous as day-old gum .
With great performances from Robert Downey Jr. and Ben Kingsley , this superhero adventure is a blast and a thrilling kick off to the summer of 2013 .
Iron Man 3 starts off great but crashes and burns in a spectacular way . We get it Marvel you do n't give a crap about your Comic Book readers . You do n't have to constantly rub in people 's faces . Horrible 3rd act .
Just like he does with those crummy Sherlock Holmes movies , Downey elevates this rather flimsy material with his sheer presence .
With a few good jokes , another committed performance by Downey and a fine one by Kingsley , this is still great fun , regardless of sequelitis and whether you 're a freak-flag fanboy or not .
My best advice when it comes to heading out to a screening of Iron Man 3 : lower your expectations .
It 's right there in the credits : We 'll be seeing more of Tony Stark !
At this point , franchise fatigue definitely takes over .
Se Tony Stark faz rir com eficiência , seus momentos dramáticos soam rasos em função da sensação de que estamos apenas vendo Robert Downey Jr. interpretando Robert Downey Jr. enquanto este vive Stark .
Tony Stark , as played by Downey , is more than just a rich self-centered inventor . He 's stylishly glib , smart and overwhelmingly cool . Downey is what makes the movie tick .
The most memorable moments in Iron Man 3 involve Stark 's brief and hilarious , yet touching relationship with a young boy -LRB- Ty Simpkins -RRB- whose own father deserted him at 6 years old .
Those who enjoy comic-book-inspired films merely for the action will find this latest attempt a solid effort . But comic book purists will have to deal with seeing less Iron Man and some twists that defy the accepted mythology of Marvel Comics .
a surprisingly tedious checklist of Shane Black-isms
A superhero in film is only as good as his villain . And that 's a critical problem for Iron Man 3 .
A Clunky Debut to Marvel 's Phase 2 .
Does n't break any new ground or transcend its genre . But it 's still very entertaining and never boring .
The biggest problem is a common one : TMVS , or Too Many Villains Syndrome .
It would be just a special-effects-and-hardware extravaganza , with a dead-end script full of wrong turns , were it not for Robert Downey Jr. and a game and witty cast .
What matters is Downey 's total commitment to playing Stark as a flawed , complex , but greatly gifted character .
The dialogue is a riot .
Tony still has all his fleshy angles , but his manly arsenal feels a lot smaller than it did before .
By even posing questions of identity , the film creates the kind of jeopardy we can believe in , and for a superhero movie , that is an accomplishment in and of itself .
It gives Black and his co-writer Drew Pearce ample opportunity to showcase the natural ease with which Downey creates America 's snarkiest of flawed heroes .
Snappy dialogue , momentarily startling plot twists and lots of stuff blowing up .
From its anxious protagonist and the battered metal sheaths he dons to save the world to the clattering , fiery mayhem that ensues with metronomic predictability , Iron Man 3 is less a movie than a final war whoop let loose before utter exhaustion sets in .
Often entertaining yet exhausting .
The third iteration of a franchise that began so well becomes a hollow hymn to martial gadgetry . The suits and story clank in unison .
It 's a confidently tongue-in-cheek piece of blockbuster engineering , sweetly calibrated to Downey 's cavalier appeal and to Kingsley 's oddball interjections .
If it were not for -LRB- Robert -RRB- Downey -LRB- Jr. -RRB- , `` Iron Man 3 '' would be a total disaster , undermined by a haphazard , disjointed and sloppy plot .
`` Iron Man 3 '' suffers an identity crisis resembling that of the title superhero 's alter-ego , billionaire Tony Stark , played by Robert Downey Jr. .
What next ? ` Iron Supplement Man ' ?
Whether it marks an ending , a beginning or something in between , it really does n't matter . Iron Man 3 starts the summer off right .
The action plays like a video game because , well , it may as well be .
-LSB- Black -RSB- strikes a tone of pseudo-edgy frat-boy black comedy that 's so retro it 's almost charming .
The movie is shrewd enough to skitter along so frenetically that nothing , not even tonal contradiction , can stick .
At times reaches `` Avengers '' level of intensity , fun and exhilaration , which makes it all the more frustrating that a few missteps result in it simply being a good movie and not the post-Avengers game changer it could have been .
Downey is in fine comic form , especially when he 's sparring with young Simpkins , who thankfully throttles back on the precociousness .
Iron Man 3 defies typical third-chapter drop-off and makes it clear that the franchise is in good hands with its new director .
Dark , gloomy , chaotic and basically misanthrophic ... Iron Man in Dark Knight territory .
As compared to the overwrought , too-many-irons-in-the-fire second installment , Iron Man 3 proves its metal , oops , mettle , once again .
If you keep your expectations realistic , IRON MAN 3 will not disappoint . It 's a great popcorn movie and a perfect way to start off the summer movie season !
Like most franchise sequels it goes overboard with supporting characters , plot complications and let 's - top-that action sequences . But there 's never any real sense of drama .
If you have no investment in the larger Marvel movie universe , it could very well stand as the most accessible , easy-to-enjoy Iron Man movie .
But for all the clanking armies of iron knights on display to dazzle the eager kid in each of us , this summer epic rings hollow . There 's no one home inside the suit .
For the second year in a row , Marvel is starting the summer off with a bang . Let the blockbusters begin , and let 's see if they can top this .
By the time innumerable suits of armor were flying through the air , instantly assembling and disassembling themselves around Tony Stark while he was running and jumping , I was worn out . But the ride up to then had been a jolt of continuous pleasure .
Iron Man 3 manages to rise above its naked ambitions thanks to ... Robert Downey Jr. 's sly charm ... and Ben Kingsley 's too-short and ... hilarious turn as the villainous Mandarin , a clever update on the comic-book character created in the '60s .
The film provides more of the same and nothing startlingly innovative , but what 's here is good .
One major sequence nearly saves the whole endeavor , but what Black has here is flat and overstuffed with contrived comic book business , feeling about as heavy and immobile as Stark 's famous armor .
Even though some purists may object to some of the twists and turns Black and company have managed to incorporate , for me , these twists are what makes IRON MAN 3 standout from the pack a bit
The first film might have been able to get by on charm alone , but the mechanical feeling of this entry will more than likely leave you cold and indifferent .
The longest film in the series by a handful of minutes , Iron Man 3 certainly does n't feel like it thanks to its briskly paced screenplay and the wise decision to place some of Iron Man 's most heroic moments toward the end of the movie .
This installment actually flirts with satire , sending its hero-in-a-can on a vengeful mission against a mad , bearded jihadist before yanking the rug out from under the neocon story line . There are some good laughs as well .
Black restores a light touch to the series , at least until the bloated finale , and puts the focus back on what has always separated this franchise from every other superhero movie : the wit and intelligence of Robert Downey Jr. .
It 's lightweight but slow , padded with cheap jokes to disguise how hollow it is .
Third entry more than lives up to the promise of the original Iron Man , and marks an exciting return to form for a franchise that had dipped in quality .
-LSB- Shane -RSB- Black is the reason for the season and Downey is his Santa Claus
The `` Iron Man '' films turned Mr. Downey into a huge star , but the role has gradually , maybe inexorably , swallowed him .
The epic action brought nerd tears to my eyes ! Shane Black delivers a witty , action-packed flick with great twists . See it in 2D as the 3D conversion lacks great depth !
It balances massive , show-offy effects with hip knowingness and quirky human touches . It 's a comic-book world seen not from the viewpoint of a fanboy but a wiseguy adult earthling .
The rambunctious Iron Man 3 is a briskly paced thrill ride until about 90 minutes in , when the excitement wanes . A few late-breaking surprises re-invigorate the tale , however .
The best in this series and one of the best Marvel films overall .
`` Iron Man 3 '' is definitely a big perk-up from the almost-but-not-quite-listless `` Iron Man 2 '' ; maybe hanging out with the Avengers was a tonic for him .
It 's solidly entertaining , with Downey 's roguish charm as appealing as ever .
The level of acting , at one time viewed as negligible in a superhero movie , is top-notch and no one seems to be mailing it in .
Unfortunately , -LSB- its -RSB- sharp-eyed domestic comedy is dwarfed by the far less well-written supervillain crime plot that surrounds it .
Iron Man 3 is over-sized , ear-splitting and relentlessly intense .
... the best of the Marvel films with its complex story , exciting action , great cast and special effects .
It sharply fuses the humor and heart of the earlier films with a satisfyingly heavy-metal strength - and a darkness that 's more than earned .
It 's hard not to wish Downey were sparring with his costumed comrades again , instead of trading barbs with the far-less-colorful cast members-old and new-of this busy , sporadically diverting sequel .
The new film 's not great , but it 's consistently involving because the tonal shifts are so abrupt .
Like the best films of this genre , much of the massive budget clearly ended up on the screen and thus diehard fans and even casual moviegoers will certainly get their money 's worth . -LRB- Complete Content Details for Parents also available -RRB-
With superhero movies , over time the mythology gets junked up with tertiary characters and leftover storylines . Tony Stark & Co. have taken the Iron Man franchise as far as it can go .
A clanging approximation of fun .
`` Iron Man 3 '' might not be a total bust , but it does result in one big `` meh . ''
Yeah , it 's great .
This -LSB- Tony -RSB- Stark is an anonymous shadow of his former self-promoting self .
` Iron Man 3 is one of the best entries in this modern golden age of superhero movies .
Shane Black 's Iron Man 3 is darker , funnier , more human , and with a few unexpected twists that will annoy some diehard fans while vastly entertaining the majority of audiences .
Stupid and messy . The Most Beautiful Woman in the World has to go . Pepper must take `` Happy '' with her .
Black still has to hit all the required superhero beats , but he does it with as much personality as he possibly can .
Crackerjack popcorn entertainment done right , Iron Man 3 is a robust example of what Hollywood can do right when it puts its mind to it .
A shrug of a film ... that has the diminutive stature of a DVD extra .
Downey 's performance is impeccable . He gets that he 's not simply playing a comic book character for the fourth time but a character who is evolving .
Downey is as funny as ever , if not more so . He ensures that Iron Man 3 is a solid installment in the franchise , and helps to make it seem , at least for a time , that it might be something more .
It 's not without its payoffs ; I enjoyed a lot of it . But overall last year 's Avengers delivered the bombastic goods more efficiently than this year 's Marvel .
`` Iron Man 3 ' has a different feel from its predecessors , and that makes it as surprising as it is exuberant .
The best scenes are when Stark just cuts impatiently through the claptrap .
Never intending to reinvent the wheel , this high flying chapter happily settles for a big splash into the wheelhouse .
Robert Downey Jr. carries this superhero saga with his wit and clever improvised quips .
Iron Man 3 is an ominously exciting , shoot-the-works comic-book spectacular .
When you are making a smart movie and end up getting dumb because `` that 's the way it has to be ... it 's a studio movie ... they need sequel options ... , '' it 's really a shame .
It 's decent popcorn entertainment -- just fine for the summertime , but nothing more than that .
The usual winks and snarks from Tony Stark , but this edition feels fresher and funnier , thanks to writer - director Shane Black .
Iron Man loses his clothes more often than a Kardsashian .
Iron Man continues to set the bar for Marvel 's solo superhero films through a combination of wit , charm and out and out entertainment .
Iron Man 3 is neither turgid nor zippy . It soars at times , and dawdles in places .
Iron Man 3 avoids fantasy in favor of a hefty helping of pulp fiction . The setup makes way for Downey , Jr. 's best work in the franchise .
Besides rehabbing a hero who overcomes anxiety to save the world and defeat the terror-industrial complex by the simple matter of cloning his body armor , the movie proves that there 's still intelligent life on Planet Marvel .
Pepper has always been what grounded Tony , what connected him to reality . Iron Man 3 ultimately disconnects Pepper from reality ... Whether or not Tony deserves better , Pepper certainly does .
Not only is `` Iron Man 3 '' the best of the trilogy , it 's the best Marvel film yet . Yes , even better than last summer 's uber-blockbuster `` The Avengers . ''
The heavy metal action could never sink the irrepressible Downey , but it weighs down the otherwise light joy of `` Iron Man 3 . ''
This film resembles its protagonist Tony Stark : its overblown , convoluted and seemingly disconnected to anything that has come before it .
Exciting and hugely entertaining , it 's an eye-popping spectacle with suprisingly clever , whimsical dialogue and wisecracking one-liners .
The best entry in the franchise so far .
The energy bleeds out of the film ; it 's as if the producers were scared the crowd would riot over not enough digital fakeness .
Iron Man 3 is n't a Blockbuster , it 's a Blandbuster -- boring and safe and riddled with plot holes and filled with product placement .
This is n't just the best Iron Man movie , it 's a recharge to the whole shared universe concept . Marvel can make movies that exist together while still having unique , awesome identities of their own .
There 's so much dumb stuff in `` Iron Man 3 '' that I expected the credits to say , `` Written and directed by Thor . ''
Some details wo n't fly for source material outsiders , but the Tony Stark charm and incredible action are enough to make the film a successful thrill .
Sir Ben Kingsley 's The Mandarin is far and away the finest villain in any of the Marvel films .
If you 're the sort of viewer for whom Black 's strengths more than make up for his weaknesses , the best bits of Iron Man 3 will make the lesser stuff worth forgiving -- or at least worth enduring .
A worthy , quirky , entertaining follow-up to The Avengers .
Shane Black here replaces his once-acidic spite for government and bureaucracy with a call for corporate responsibility .
Jokier , bloodier , and a bit winded .
Paltrow , who plays love interest Pepper Potts -LRB- and in a much bigger showing here -RRB- said in an interview I heard recently ... that Downey improvised hugely in the first two films but stuck more to the script here . They should have let him flow .
Just when superhero movies faced the danger of feeling too formulaic and conventional , along comes Iron Man 3 to give the genre a much-needed kick in the spandex .
A fun summer movie experience , it 's a great ride that gets the season off to a hot start .
Some eye-popping action sequences at least make this a worthy summer endeavor for movie fans , but it felt like `` Iron Man 3 '' got such a big lead in the first half , it was content to run out the clock late in the game .
Watching Robert Downey Jr play a charismatic swaggering d*ck is entertaining . Watching him play an emotionally damaged swaggering d*ck is compelling . With huge laughs and hugely entertaining twists Iron Man 3 is easily on of the best Marvel movies
The big problems with Iron Man 3 are less specific to the movie itself than they are characteristic of the hypermalaise that 's infected so many current mega-blockbusters .
Far too much of this movie - like Tony 's new toys - is running on remote control .
It 's only May - or will be by the time you see it - but cinema Santa came early . Joy to the nerds - this movie is as good as its photoshopped posters were amateurish .
The most interesting thing about Iron Man 3 is n't the movie itself , but the return of legendary screenwriter Shane Black .
Either IM3 is a Marvel movie in the guise of a Shane Black action-comedy or the other way around . Regardless , it 's an awful lot of fun .
Polished , tart and smart , Iron Man 3 buffs up to an entertaining , subversive two hours that enjoys supplying rugs simply to pull them from under the audience 's expectations .
The third outing for the Marvel Comics superhero has standout performances from Robert Downey Jr and Ben Kingsley .
An outrageously entertaining , CGI-soaked tale of foreboding that transforms into a good-natured send-up of everything that proceeded it , replete with gags galore .
Marvel 's employed a core vote strategy with this movie : it 's about keeping the audience they have rather than building on the one they 've got .
Shorter and less self-regarding than most Marvel movies , Iron Man 3 is every bit as zippy as we might expect from the creator of Lethal Weapon and Kiss Kiss Bang Bang .
Black nicely gives us lighter and darker moments , all wrapped up in one satisfactory standalone Iron Man story ...
Changing the writer and director for this third Iron Man movie turns out to be the best thing that could have happened , because Shane Black is a much more focussed filmmaker , and he gives this franchise a badly needed kick .
Iron Man 3 is like taking a helter skelter ride through a kaleidoscope of visual effects and emotions - bumpy , bright , dazzling and confusing in equal measure ...
A no-holds-barred if uneven epic that should satisfy most diehard fans .
Comic-strip superhero movies are not exactly noted for intelligence , wit or humour . Iron Man 3 is the welcome exception .
Shane Black 's perfunctory , fatigued film will suffice for the fans who have to have their regular cinematic superhero fix , but will leave others generally unmoved .
Heartfelt and thorough yet lean and effortless , Iron Man 3 is nothing short of the best Marvel Studios film to date and a triumph for Shane Black and Robert Downey Jr. .
Just things blowing up , a great big endless boring noisy confusing nothingness given occasional zip by Gwyneth Paltrow in a temper .
Black largely acquits himself well , keeping the pace brisk , deploying a couple of modest surprises and staging a few undeniably impressive , super-sized setpieces .
A very entertaining sequel that recaptures the fun and charm of the first film after the cacophonous excesses of Iron Man 2 .
Feels like a singular , fully realised entity , rather than a glorified teaser trailer for another crossover feature , and has some genuinely inspired and satisfying surprises amidst its familiar trappings .
It embraces the universe it lives in without exploiting it or letting it weigh down the story , and offers its hero a personal , dangerous challenge without ever losing its popcorn charm .
-LSB- C -RSB- ould be the whip-smartest and most affecting superhero movie yet ... -LSB- Shane Black and Robert Downey Jr. bring an -RSB- unexpected combination of sweetness and verve and vulnerability ...
Joss Whedon gave Downey plenty of knockout zingers in last summer 's Avengers Assemble and Iron Man 3 finds the star working with another sharp-witted kindred spirit in co-writer and director Shane Black .
It features some of the best moments of the trilogy , but it does feel a bit like a missed opportunity .
This is comic book filmmaking with the emphasis very much on the `` comic '' -- and further proof that it 's possible to tell a meaty story full of high stakes action without getting weighed down by fanboy-courting descents into darkness .
-LSB- The film -RSB- expertly melds action , comedy and drama to become the finest Iron Man movie yet .
I go to the Iron Man films , like everyone else , for Robert Downey Jr. . He is the series in the way that few actors , outside of Sean Connery as James Bond or Harrison Ford as Indiana Jones , have ever been .
A fiery extravaganza that is a collision between the comic book world and Shane Black 's resume of rapid fire action thrillers
The first post-Avengers Phase Two Marvel movie hardly reinvents the wheel , but it 's the most strongly authored film we 've seen from the studio so far , and one that seemingly sees the company move into slightly different genre territory
The film suggests they are still just starting to figure out what to do with this character , and I sincerely hope that the final credit of the film , ` Tony Stark Will Return , ' is not just an empty promise .
Tony Stark 's latest adventure is an enthusiastically exciting ride that never loses its humor or its edge .
Delivers thrilling action , witty dialogue and genuine emotion , thanks to a cleverly crafted script , state-of-the-art special effects , strong , likeable characters and note-perfect performances .
Black proves the perfect blacksmith , forging smart new tech and scenarios for the swaggering super-genius . If this does turn out to be Downey Jr. 's final solo outing , it 's a very strong exit .
Thrilling , great looking and with a refreshingly comical tone , this is everything a summer blockbuster should be .
Shane Black 's witty , daring continuation of the Iron Man series defies expectations at every turn , not least because it is , against all odds , a strong contender for the best Marvel movie to date .
Fun for both fans and newbies to the comic book world , the movie may be a lengthy 129 minutes but it does n't feel like it .
This new Iron Man movie is probably the strongest of the series . The emphasis is on flip fun all the way .
All in all , it 's an enjoyable third instalment that keeps the Marvel juggernaut on the road ... and also underlines who 's the real -LRB- metal -RRB- star .
Funny , twisty and thrilling , this is shellhead 's most entertaining solo flight to date .
Iron Man 3 blasts it way onto the big screen with just the right blend of explosions , banter , bullets and superhero shenanigans to prove that there is still plenty of life left in this metallic hero .
Thanks to director Shane Black -LRB- who also co-wrote the script with Drew Pearce -RRB- , it 's a film that rejuvenates the franchise while having some fun with superhero convention into the bargain .
Downey is at his superhero genius best here , rattling off dialogue both clever and boilerplate with non-repetitive aplomb .
A summer blockbuster that , in this era of saturating trailers and set-piece spoiling TV spots , genuinely takes you by surprise .
Iron Man 3 is the Marvel film-verse breaking new ground , and it 's easily the best of the trilogy .
The Iron Mans have always innately had the superhero secret formula ... but this instalment is even funnier and more thrillingly action-packed than its predecessors .
One of the great surprises of the movie is Kingsley 's turn as the Bin Laden-ish bad guy , hamming it up and giving Stark a reality check on who 's to blame for all this .
The stunts are spectacular and the suits - whether flying or fighting - are terrific , while the humans add an edginess to the always fast-paced proceedings . The adults are , as you would expect , well oiled and seamless in their roles
What 's not to like about a super-hero flick that delivers in imagination , excess , humour and star power ? Humour is central to the plot but the storyline never loses sight of its commendable themes : good versus evil , integrity , loyalty and courage
The third installment in the game-changing Iron Man trilogy takes all the hard work done by Marvel Studios in creating a rich , thoughtful but never po-faced cinematic universe , and turns it into a big joke .
The perfect superhero movie .
` Iron Man 3 ′ occasionally feels a little contrived - but then , if you 're dealing with one of the best action directors around , you can expect him to draw on the style that he knows best .
Go for the thrilling action and hilarious Shane Black one-liners . As for a compelling story and entertaining villains ? Not so much .
A lighter variation on the deconstructed superhero mythology found in The Dark Knight Rises .
Iron Man 3 carries that ` morning after ' feeling former playboy Tony Stark is no doubt familiar with ... There are plenty of great moments , but it barely hangs together as a film .
A witty and rather surprising take on the superhero movie .
Given that so many of today 's action films are crafted from the same mould , it was a pleasant surprise to see Iron Man 3 taking a few chances and offering a few unexpected twists .
Superhero movies just do n't get better than this .
In the annals of superhero movies , this is not the most thrilling , but it does contain two Downton Abbey jokes , and a stonking performance from Downey .
It 's undeniably entertaining - and worth seeing for Kingsley alone - with the misfires never fully overshadowing the moments of glory .
To use a recondite term in professional film criticism : whoo-hoo !
Black has an instinctive feel for balancing action set-pieces against the passages of soap-opera that are required to make them matter .

@highlight

With the help of its charismatic lead , some impressive action sequences , and even a few surprises , Iron Man 3 is a witty , entertaining adventure and a strong addition to the Marvel canon .