Underdog as a film is not totally worthless . It 's a winner with kids , as is anything with a talking dog .
Underdog works best when spoofing superhero conventions , but the film goes to the dogs thanks to a drab story and frequent stabs at heartwarming bromides .
The essential cartooniness of the plot and the gags works against the rather lame attempt to lather on a message about reconciliation between father and son .
While this idea may have been enough to happily fill 25 minutes , the film version fails to effectively stretch it out to feature-length .
Call me a kid at heart , but Underdog is the cutest doggone fantasy .
At just over 80 minutes it feels not so much like a proper film as a piece of extended filler for slow afternoons on Disney 's TV channels .
... an affable , sporadically entertaining piece of work that 's ultimately undone by its emphasis on relentlessly silly elements ...
Despite the talent on show , there 's little to distinguish this from any other bland family comedy .
An ill-conceived and often irritating bout of Children 's film fare ...
Disney 's charmless live-action resurrection of the beloved super-mutt -LSB- is -RSB- just a bunch of mercenary actors and technicians who can barely disguise their contempt for the film 's screenplay
... rather dull and uninspired , lacking in imagination or humorous spark .
A boring and uninspiring adaptation that lacks action and suffers from mostly static characters , Peter Dinklage as the nefarious Dr. Simon Barsinister being the notable exception .
par for the course in a town that sees every old idea as something waiting to be deconstructed , reinvented , or reimagined .
Not too many new tricks left for the old Underdog .
There 's no need to fear . `` Underdog '' brings cheer .
The tag line is simply brilliant , but that 's about the only thing remotely associated with this film that would classify as such .
The elements of the film do n't quite mesh : The villains are cartoony , but -LSB- director -RSB- Du Chau aims for soggy family drama in his father-son story .
The film is a smug and contemptuous mess from beginning to end that is likely to bore little kids and aggravate any adult still holding fond memories of the character from their own childhoods .
An underachiever .
A very bad dog of a movie .
... not as bad as it might have been ...
Oh , there 's reason to fear . ` Underdog ' the movie is here .
The endearing airborne-beagle effects help to offset the formula twists .
Yet another misbegotten live-action remake of a beloved Saturday morning cartoon , Underdog is a negligible family film that 's so blandly formulaic , it makes the original , '60s - era cartoon look downright edgy in comparison .
Exactly the movie you 'd expect from the director of Racing Stripes and the writer of Zoom .
A live-action version of the 1960s-70s cartoon `` Underdog '' seemed a really bad idea , but it turns out it was merely a bad idea .
The screenplay , tackled by three people , follows the formula of the show -LRB- and the genre in general -RRB- rather well . If only it was n't so stale .
It 's a harmless bore .
This seems to be another case of Hollywood figuring that kids are n't going to notice the difference between a well-made film and a sloppy , half-baked one .
Whatever the intent , the result is unfit for humankind .
It 's just average family entertainment with the normal messages : friendship , unconditional love , family , and believing in yourself .
It seems there are some things even Underdog ca n't conquer -- carelessness and mediocrity topping the list .
Cuteness ca n't carry an entire movie , and Underdog is short of actual funny stuff and affecting performances , to the extent that this Disney movie comes off like a Disney made-for-TV movie .
Saddled with shoddy storytelling , this is an Underdog in the saddest sense .
The lackluster story connects the clichés but leaves the characters isolated . Underdog may have been originally created to sell cereal for General Mills , but this latest incarnation could n't sell Frisbees at a dog park .
The oddest thing is the movie 's dumbed-down level of humor , which leans toward predictable dog-poop and butt-sniffing jokes .
Underdog is made for the Saturday morning TV crowd , and parents who lead their tykes to this adventure are n't likely to leave disappointed .
The TV show was mildly subversive , with humor that children and adults could enjoy on different levels , but the movie strives for a blander , family-oriented middle ground .
Where -LRB- oh where -RRB- are Tennessee Tuxedo and Phineas J. Whoopie when we need them ?
Just stick with a double feature of Babe and Superman . Now that 's a family movie night .
Besides , if I start talking about the film I 'll only get depressed , and when a woman of my three-decade age gets depressed all that therapeutic ice cream goes straight to her thighs and none of us want that , now do we ?
Seeing realistic animals in feats of derring-do - or kicking each other around , action-movie style - is more disturbing than cute .
A film like Underdog is best defined by its complete lack of distinction .
I have an idea for the sequel : Underdog Vs. Michael Vick .
Underdog is so piecemeal it should come with a roll of duct tape . It 's so desperate to be everything to everyone that it ends up being very little to nobody in particular .
` Underdog ' features some amusing antics by a very cute Beagle in the title role , but it 's not quite the treat I expected .
8-year olds will eat it up but adults probably will want to exit the theatre with , as Underdog might say , ` the speed of lightning and the roar of thunder ! '
The movie 's sloppiness is galling , especially given its target audience . It 's one thing to feed grown-ups junk , and another to serve it to consumers too young to know they 're being had .
Even the promising team of Peter Dinklage 's mad scientist Simon Barsinister and Patrick Warburton 's henchman Cad turns out to be a bust .
Frederik Du Chau transforms the campy '60s and '70s cartoon into a mostly toothless , family-friendly action-comedy .
Underdog , putting it mildly , lacks the sleekness and cunning of other , better kids ' flicks , though it gains points for respecting , while modifying , its source material .
If you set your expectations just low enough , or are an easily satisfied 8-year-old , you might have a bit of fun .
Good one-liners and dog tricks , but no best in show .
The sort of noisy , over-produced affair in line with much recent family-friendly programming .
Underdog is an underachiever in almost every way .
I had a painless enough time . And so -- given a quiet Saturday , a stifling heat wave and a fretful kindergartener to contend with -- might you .
About all the film offers is some bad CGI effect work , a bored-sounding Jason Lee providing the voice of the heroic canine and lots of dumb slapstick .
A children 's movie about a superhero beagle that recycles material and themes we 've seen far too often in Hollywood movies .
The adults in Underdog appear to be having a really good time , and that helps the adults in the audience have a fairly good one .
Even at a lean 84 minutes , padded with a credit blooper reel , it seems long . If you 've seen one flying dog , you 've seen them all . Jay Leno 's cameo appearance proves he 's almost as big a publicity hound as Larry King .
Serious movie standards are n't necessarily required in an entertainment like Underdog . Still , as with most movies , it 's frustrating to watch Hollywood undercut the intelligence of its target audience .
Apparently , the idea of a beagle in a red sweater fighting diminutive Peter Dinklage was n't enough to power the laugh department , so we have our hero cracking wise about everyday dog problems like eating vomit or poop .
Hollywood once again demonstrates its ability to take a mediocre idea and destroy what little potential it had . They offer a graduate-level course in this skill at Disney University .
A big-hearted movie that delights in playing with the conventions of superhero pictures . In the same week when the insulting Bratz is also opening , it 's a comparative godsend .
There may be no need to fear now that Underdog is here , but there is no reason to feel very happy , either .






@highlight

Underdog is a mostly forgettable adaptation that relies far too heavily on recycled material and sloppy production .