I feel pretty certain that , objectively , My Big Fat Greek Wedding 2 was a very bad movie .
Virtually every character is back . And the familiar cast appears to be having a wonderful time . The critics who are finding fault with My Big Fat Greek Wedding 2 are n't exactly wrong . But , I think they 're missing the point .
As an ensemble comedy , it somewhat works . But the jokes could have been more in number . Pass the spanakopita , please .
It 's almost ironic that Vardalos ' first film dealt with establishing her identity within her family unit , as this film ca n't find its identity - or provide a hilarious plot .
Fans of the original -- myself included -- are going to be so disappointed because My Big Fat Greek Wedding 2 is just awful .
My Big Fat Greek Wedding 2 could have been so much more than a reunion . It could have offered us the chance to celebrate the progression of family and culture in the face of a brave new world .
Time has passed for the Portokalos family , but everyone is exactly the same as the first time we saw them . Such a regressive aspect is just one of many problems that dwell within My Big Fat Greek Wedding 2 .
The second film is likewise sustained by a generosity of spirit you do n't often get in self-penned star vehicles .
There is so much food , music , dancing and crying that you want to come out , at the end , and find a quiet place to watch paint dry . Unless , of course , you loved MBFGW1 and have spent 14 years waiting for MBFGW2 .
With the original cast back , and Vardalos scripting again , it does n't stray far from the ` overbearing family ' formula that dominated the original .
While it can be a little slapstick-y , Nia Vardolos puts such discernible , infectious love into her work -LRB- both in performing the role and writing the screenplay -RRB- that it is a pleasure to watch .
Keeping all of the strong personalities corralled while keeping sequel-itis to a minimum is a formidable achievement .
It 's like the first film , corny and broad but sweet . It 's kind .
2 Big 2 Fat 2 Greek is n't terrible so much as it 's aggressively bland and predictable , ie `` terrible without the decency to be entertaining about it . ''
My Big Fat Greek Wedding 2 is n't a bad sequel , it 's just a pointless one .
14 years after the insanely inescapable success of My Big Fat Greek Wedding comes its sequel ... This time around , the charm is gone .
It manages to rehash the original , almost entirely , while lacking nearly all the things that made the first film , despite its flaws , compelling .
Vardalos rehashes the same script from fourteen years ago with most of the action revolving around faded relationships and culture clashes .
Vardalos , who once again wrote the screenplay and also stars , has built this sequel on the premise that everything that happened in the previous film should be recreated in the second , but in a way that feels even less organic .
As a big fan of both Lainie Kazan and Michael Constantine , I enjoyed most of the film .
Like roadside diner baklava , if it 's a little dry in places , there 's enough honey to make it sweet .
Flames out with moments cheesier than saganaki and more honeyed than the sickly sweetest baklava . The empty-nest nonsense is cringingly overwrought , with moments to curdle your blood into month-old tzatziki .
Some of the callbacks to the first movie will probably charm the die-hards , but I 'm guessing the most satisfying moment for most people will be when My Big Fat Greek Wedding 2 finally ends .
After 15 years and many failed attempts to escape typecasting , Nia Vardalos returns to the only role anybody seems to care about seeing her in .
Without being the surprise the first one was , this sequel manages to keep out interest in this peculiar family . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Feels like a show that 's been on the air for 14 years , and we 're just tuning in randomly for a season finale , while at times it also feels like a show trapped in the past .
Delights in the dysfunctional wholesomeness of unwieldy families .
The movie works because of it 's endearing characters . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An unnecessary sequel that works thanks to it 's endearing characters . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Regressive on all fronts , a broad , shallow thing , miles wide and an inch deep .
Watching My Big Fat Greek Wedding 2 was much like visiting relatives . It was irritating and uncomfortable at first , but after a few drinks , I had a jolly good time .
Here 's an invitation to decline .
Non-stop laughs .
... showcases the same broad stereotypes and sugary predictability of its predecessor , but without the same freshness to the characters or the scenario .
Die-hard fans wo n't be able to resist Vardalos and Corbett 's lovely on screen chemistry and just enough heartfelt moments to reconnect with the first film 's love story . But the more casual fan wo n't mind not getting an invite .
Under Kirk Jones ' laissez faire direction , the reunited cast shows such gusto that as before , resistance is futile .
There are a few amusing moments and some stalwart comic performances , but on the whole this is an unremarkable and instantly forgettable experience .
It 's been 14 years since Nia Vardalos ' warm comedy about her raucous extended family became the sleeper hit of the 2002 , and now she 's back with more of the same silliness .
Watching the movie is something like blowing dandelion seeds : a brief moment of joy that passes quickly , meaninglessly disappearing into thin air , and you forget it ever happened .
This is one for die-hard fans of the first flick and just about nobody else .
-LSB- A -RSB- painfully unfunny carbon copy .
Comes across like a too talkative and boring party guest .
Predictable wackiness ensues , with Jones encouraging each cast member to go as broad and frantic as possible . Yet the film does tap into real-world anxieties many viewers will share .
Little more than a time capsule .
It would 've been better if Nia Darvalos just left these characters alone . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's not on par of the origiginal , but it really stands out by itself and entertains . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A respectable and light-hearted sequel that 's as comforting as a nice piece of baklava .
My Big Fat Greek Wedding 2 still manages to pack enough charm and wit to warrant a second visit to the Portokalos family , who are still just as charmingly quirky as they were fourteen years ago .
Stereotypically sweet , fun and nostalgic - pass the spanakopita !
A film that feels like an average sitcom episode . -LSB- Full review in Spanish
While My Big Fat Greek Wedding 2 is redeemed somewhat by an underlying well-intentioned sweetness , it 's a tired and dated little movie that might have been made in the 1980s .
Humourless tosh .
Hillarious and emotional , will make you laugh easily without being cheap . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
In her sequel , `` My Big Fat Greek Wedding 2 , '' Vardalos has lost the Midas touch , delivering nothing fresh or funny in revisiting the loud yet loving Portokalos clan .
As comedy sequels go , this proves to be as amusing as getting a lump of moussaka stuck in your throat .
It 's clear early on that no great raison d'être for a follow up has been alighted on by writer/star Nia Vardalos and the result plays like a rather desperate attempt to recapture the same eccentric charm of the original .
I chuckled once , but that lone laugh was sadly neither big nor fat .
What we 're left with is something that recalls Crocodile Dundee in L.A. - the misbegotten notion that bringing back characters long past their sell-by date is a good idea .
To be frank , there are things My Big Fat Greek Wedding 2 does better than the original , and things that it does worse than the original .
Lazy , repetitive , underdeveloped , forced and bland . If you 're a big fan of the first film , prepare to be very disappointed .
Example that not all films deserve a follow sequel . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It is a piece that satisfies the objective to distract and entertain without being able to put many reproaches . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
After the delight of the first film ... what happened here ? Too big , too noisy , too obvious ...
Nia Vardalos dishes up a second helping of ethnic comedy ... yet it 's unlikely that the film 's reheated jokes will slip down nearly so well with audiences this time around .
Feels about as fresh as two-day old spanakopita .
What once bubbled up from a sincere love of Greek family has now congealed into the all-too-familiar Hollywood tale of milking a cash cow until it cries for mercy .
Had Vardalos explored some new themes and a fresh new angle , she might have found something . But as it is , let 's just call this wedding off .
` My Big Fat Greek Wedding 2 ' is sadly a slimmed-down sequel .
It 's a shame Vardalos waited so long , finding `` My Big Fat Greek Wedding 2 '' creaky , flat , and weirdly unaware of what made the 2002 film such a delight .
These familiar pleasures do n't outweigh the fact Vardalos does n't find much new to say about the Portokalos clan or the immigrant family experience in general .
How long does baklava stay fresh ? Is 14 years too much time on the shelf ?
Advice for future Greek Wedding couples : Elope .
In short : If a person in your life is really excited to see this movie , it is unlikely to let them down . That 's usually true of movies , but it 's really true of this one .
If mounted by anybody from outside the Greek community , the film would be seen as staggeringly offensive .
Too often , though , it feels recycled or full of inflated problems and it 's certainly not witty , sophisticated comedy . But it has a big heart .
Nia Vardalos 's sequel is just as sitcom saccharine as its 2002 predecessor . While that is a comfort to viewers who want what they already know , it does n't do much for the rest of us .
Unsurprising but still enjoyable sequel to beloved romcom .
It 's not exactly a bar-raising sequel , but My Big Fat Greek Wedding 2 has enough of its predecessor 's charm and sincerity to earn a passing grade .
Who cares if it 's more of the same ? For those who made the original the highest-grossing romantic comedy of all time - take that , When Harry Met Sally - this jaunty sequel is the icing on the baklava .
My Big Fat Greek Wedding 2 sits there like a potted plant in the center of a bundt cake : mildly amusing but mostly useless .
The first film was a showcase for Toula and her story , with her crazy family as a charming backdrop . But Greek Wedding 2 tries too hard to cover too much , and the result is a film that feels overcooked in places and far too underdone in others .
We waited 14 years ... for more Windex jokes ?
While I found parts of it cute and charming at times , the story this time around does n't work as well as in the first film . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Sexual Content , etc. - Also Available -RRB-
Pass the baklava .
It 's a big fat Greek dud .
Predictable , tired , formulaic , it makes up for its lack of originality with a bigger budget , louder jokes , louder costumes , and louder music .
What once had a certain unique perspective has become just another tired brand extension with no reason to exist other than to exploit its audience 's nostalgia and goodwill .
Consider it a visit to the old neighborhood and discovering that not only have things not changed , but you 're welcomed back with open arms and a piece of baklava .
If you 're the most undemanding romcom fan then this might hold your attention , but for everyone else this is a big fat disappointment .
`` My Big Fat Greek Wedding 2 '' is about as enjoyable as burnt pastitsio .
For a big fat wedding this is pretty thin gruel .
From the perfunctory title to its party-hard finale , My Big Fat Greek Wedding 2 does n't try too hard , but it still draws you back in with open arms and the same big heart .
Almost unwatchably feeble .
The sequel is a little like a bear hug from a beloved old relative - the embrace is too tight , the perfume is too strong , but ultimately it still leaves you feeling good inside .
Nia Vardalos delves into her seemingly endless supply of big crude Greek stereotypes for a sequel to one of the most cancerously patronising romantic comedies of all time .
-LSB- The -RSB- stereotyped ethnic humor ... is so egregious and unfunny that it strains the argument that it 's OK when she 's lampooning her own ethnic group .
My Big Fat Greek Wedding 2 is as stale as last year 's baklava , an attempt to cash in on the 2002 movie without updating some very old-fashioned tropes .
An overstuffed , undercooked cash grab , operating at the low level of a basic cable sit-com with a juiced-up laugh track
This belated sequel turns out to be very heavy going .
The movie has Andrea Martin , who returns as bossy Aunt Voula , sometimes dispensing her gonzo brand of sexual advice and sometimes confiding her list of bizarre medical curiosities . She alone may be worth the price of admission .
It 's comforting to break bread in Vardalos ' cheery Chicago enclave again , even if you 're being served yesterday 's dinner out of the microwave .
A film that does n't even do the most basic thing in it 's genre : make you laugh . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Works solely on the nostalgia factor and if you 're a fan of the first film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An unnecessary sequel to spend some time at the movies if you do n't ask much of it . -LSB- Full Review Spanish -RSB-
Bland and immediately forgettable
The secret behind the My Big Fat Greek Wedding movies is that it could be anyone 's big family -- Jewish , Italian , Mexican , Russia , Chinese or Greek . We 're all just a little too intertwined sometimes , yet that 's what makes families like this one wonderful .
the sequel ... while more of the same -LRB- the central plot contrivance is as old as fiction itself -RRB- is as warm and sweet as a baklava .
Some jokes and sight gags in this un-awaited sequel are so desperate , so cloying and so artificially manufactured that they smother what little genuine charm remains in Vardalos ' Chicago Greek family reunion .
Vardalos is wonderful , and 88-year-old Michael Constantine casually pockets every scene he 's in .
The joke and the mawkishness return , but now there 's also a smidgen of nostalgia to go with them .
This unnecessary sequel reunites most of the cast from the 2002 indie sensation and then lazily recycles its narrative , score , themes , catchphrases , and sight gags almost beat for beat .
Old jokes and little plot , but the charming original cast almost compensates .
If it were a person , it would require a caretaker and would not be able to live alone , bless its heart .
Some elements are even broader while a couple , welcomely , are emotionally truer to life . If you appreciated the first movie 's sweetness , then you 'll likely be charmed enough .
Those who loved the original should at least like the sequel , which remarkably has reunited all of the players from the oversized cast .
My Big Fat Greek Wedding 2 loses its perspective about being a movie celebrating the familial ties that bind , even those that choke you . It turns into something else : a cash register in the guise of a sequel bearing gifts .
It 's surprising that a sequel , the existence of which usually marks a cynical cash grab , could be so earnest , but Vardalos has new things to say about this time in her life .
Like a prolonged bad sitcom that you wince at , rather than laugh with . But its wholesome presentation of unique , immigrant characters is still commendable .
It 's too disposable a film to get especially huffy about , but the laziness of the writing and acting takes a creeping , spirit-sapping toll .
With so many warmed-over jokes , you 'd think that the delivery would at least be on point . But everything , including the timing , feels off .
It shows us a world where every family problem can be fixed by hugging or buttering garlic bread . There 's certainly an audience for that . All others , be warned .
Sometimes a movie has its heart in the right place , and it 's nowhere you want to be . My Big Fat Greek Wedding 2 is like that , wheezing to please whoever 's still alive and interested 14 years after the original .
Jones has limited ideas about funny staging . His go-to move is mashing two to 10 people together into an awkward scrum , then cutting to Vardalos or Paris watching with wide-eyed discomfort .
Even those who have spent the last 14 years pining for a sequel to `` My Big Fat Greek Wedding '' - by most accounts , the highest-grossing American romantic comedy - will rue that longing when they experience `` My Big Fat Greek Wedding 2 . ''
This may have been fun in 2002-but in 2016 , not so much .
The same cast , the same setting , and the same feeling of being force-fed baklava by an insistently manipulative aunt .
Gags get piled upon gags with relentless frenzy and results that are overbearing rather than uproarious . You can rely on every character to behave the exactly the same way every time , regardless of the situation , and that way is usually obnoxious .
It 's understandable that creator/writer Nia Vardalos would come back for seconds with `` My Big Fat Greek Wedding 2 '' ... but 14 years later , this reunion of cuddly-but-tiresome stereotypes makes you wish she 'd left well enough alone .
The movie wheezes about , with actors offering spit takes -LRB- Vardalos -RRB- and getting hit in the head with volleyballs -LRB- Vardalos again -RRB- . When those moments do n't elicit laughs , you are left with awkward silences that just hang in the air . That happens a lot ...
Like Tom Hanks ' motion capture-animated character in The Polar Express , onscreen Vardalos appears completely dead behind the eyes , chillingly blank as if she 's a wood figure who came to life .
Vardalos has created a community of characters and players so likable , it seems almost mean to criticize - like picking on one 's own annoying but beloved relatives .
It 's surprising it 's taken 14 years to get around to a sequel , especially given that all it does is reassemble the exact same cast and add a few jokes about FaceTime .
One wedding too many ... while Vardalos can go home again , she should n't have bothered , and certainly viewers would be well advised to skip this return trip .
It may not be hip or cool or young , or even particularly hilarious , but a night with the Portokaloses is like any family reunion : fun , awkward , funny , sometimes embarrassing , but full of love .
I 'm sure there are knowing smiles of recognition that are reserved here for people raised in traditional Greek families , but it 's hard to feel like you 're missing any of the jokes when every punch line is practically written out on cue cards .
Like a real family reunion , it is a somewhat exhausting experience , but good enough to make me watch Big Fat Greek Funeral or something .
Wedding 2 is a profoundly lazy piece of work .
As lazy , lightweight and lacklustre as any comedy conspiring to cash in on former glories can be .
There is such genuine affection for the characters in this uplifting sequel that we can not help but be carried along by the craziness , energy and uproarious passion for all things Greek .
Vardalos ' screenplay this time out is not nearly as original , endearing or amusing as the first . She forgets to interject the humor .
Maybe the biggest winner will be the S.C Johnson Company -- look for a spike in Windex sales .
It 's a dreadful plot , but we 'll always have Paris .
-LSB- It -RSB- commits the perennial sequel mistake of indulging the breakout characters , letting them run rampant over everything in the process .
Another week , another decade-old sequel that struggles to justify its own existence when originality could have been achieved elsewhere .
Affable enough to make detractors mistrust their memory of the first . Or maybe we 're softening with age , the way some people in their 30s start to like Phil Collins
In truth , `` My Big Fat Greek Wedding 2 '' is an excruciating grind , just scene after scene of people creating disturbance over tiny matters , fighting over nothing , and making Toula clean up after them .
Feels like you 're watching an entire season of Modern Family in fast-forward
`` My Big Fat Greek Wedding 2 '' is like baklava . It 's light , sweet and nutty . But after indulging you might ask yourself , `` Did I really need that ? ''
As far as shameless excuses to rehash crowd-pleasing gags from the first film go , it does n't particularly go about its duties cynically .
There is genuine if exasperated warmth here , but it is far less satisfyingly bound up into a cohesive story in this halfhearted retread of the original film .
A tired and unnecessary retread that not even a healthy spritz of Windex can cure .
This little cream puff might not appeal to the masses , but it certainly will appeal to some .
For Zeus 's sake ... as warm and fuzzy and comforting -LRB- or not -RRB- as a Disney Channel show marketed more to parents than to their kids .
All the plots are blah sitcom material , at best - and there 's a reason why Vardalos ' CBS spinoff , My Big Fat Greek Life , lasted all of seven episodes back in 2003 .
A sequel that ticks off all the right topics but only superficially . It simply does n't have time to do more .
It 's a nice movie . Not a good one , or a well-made one , or a smart one , but a nice one .
Closer to the failed , exhausted-of-jokes sitcom than the original movie that spawned all this Greekness .
Is the ensemble responsible for this sit-com conspiring to suffocate us in the audience , just as they portray a suffocating Greek family ?
Vardalos and Corbett display the relaxed romantic chemistry that made them so endearing to audiences in the first film .
Vardalos ' broad routine has n't aged well , her heavily - -LRB- and widely - -RRB- accented ` oily ' Greek family an uncomfortable , almost retro fit for today 's global sensitivities . Apart from that , the gags just are n't that funny .
This 14-years-later sequel is every bit as sitcom-ish and saccharine as its predecessor , but considerably less distinctive .
How about we push back from the table and go home ? This may be Vardalos ' all-you-can-eat Greek buffet , but you know what ? This really is all I can eat .
It 's sweet , just like the original movie . It was faint praise then , and it still is .

@highlight

My Big Fat Greek Wedding 2 is as sweet and harmless as the original , but its collection of sitcom gags and stereotypes never coalesces into anything resembling a story with a purpose .