These Final Hours sets up a simple redemption tale and convincingly stages mass panic on the sunny streets of Perth .
Zak Hilditch 's breathless ... thriller tears through orgies , mass suicides and murderous rampages to conclude on a scene as moving and terrifying as the climax of Melancholia .
It 's the old mawkish story of a selfish adult reformed by a child , but the apocalyptic background throws up some lurid and unpredictable scenes .
In a strange way it makes a hopeful statement , arguing that redemption is still possible up until the very point we are engulfed in continent-buckling fireballs .
Although the film lacks the bravura of Von Trier 's Melancholia or the heart and humour of Don McKellar 's Last Night , it does have a propulsive energy and a satisfying arc of redemption .
The plot might suggest a large-scale epic , but These Final Hours emerges as an intimate film about the end of the world .
It 's grim but thought-provoking fare , which Hilditch handles with considerable skill .
It 's the end of the world . Finally , a legitimate reason for a man to experience emotion . We 've seen this all before ... except not quite so ridiculous .
Hilditch 's ` end of the world ' effort is a movie that could well be a dark horse bet to be one of many people 's favourite films of the year by the time that 2016 comes to a close .
Has more to say than your usual apocalyptic affair .
Hilditch 's apocalyptic vision is striking in its visuals , bold in its bleakness and completely unoriginal in its core narrative .
As low-budget Ozploitation goes , it 's snappy and effective .
So many films address the premise because it 's always thought-provoking and affecting . This also has a bleached , depopulated , effectively catastrophe-struck feel and an intriguing adult-and-child road movie storyline .
glimpses of Aussie suburbia in desperate , existential collapse are hauntingly surreal
It offers the action of a balls-out sci-fi while grabbing the audience by its character development and has cinematography so beautiful it will make you feel grand to be alive . These Final Hours is a gorgeous call to humanity .
These Final Hours stands as an extremely promising effort from an up-and-coming filmmaker .
These Final Hours is a quick trip that lacks the depth and originality it deserves , but it still creates some spectacular moments along the way .
Imagine ` Mad Max ' populated by suburban morons crossed with ` On the Beach ' through the eyes of people who just want to get messed up .
A run-of-the-mill apocalypse .
An urgent yet strangely simple and humanistic doomsday scenario .
These Final Hours pulls no punches when it comes to depicting the debauchery and insanity inspired by the Earth 's check-out notice .
The low-budget Australian apocalyptic drama has such a terrific start - an adrenaline rush of panic and dread as a huge asteroid colliding with the Earth sends a wall of fire around the planet . It 's a shame the movie peters out about halfway through .
Incoherent and pointless as it is , These Final Hours moves with commendable swiftness .
There 's a sentimental streak to These Final Hours , but in the end , it feels as if it 's been earned .
This is a moving story about our final hours on earth with strong performances , as well as a uniquely touching finale .
A standout performance from 12-year-old Angourie Rice grounds the bizarre events whenever she 's onscreen .
Despite its strong sense of place and a solid central performance from Nathan Phillips , Zak Hilditch 's film is too blighted by the deja vu factor to stand out from the apocalyptic pack .
Technically auspicious but narratively hollow .
Hilditch gets good mileage out of his cast .
Slight but suitably tense , These Final Hours is a harrowing glimpse at two lonely souls arriving at the end of the world as they know it .
It 's a drive through familiar terrain , the end of the world as we already know it .
An intense and powerful what-if drama ...
The film 's fortunes might also have been harmed by widespread over-praising from critics . While the film has its virtues , too many local reviews simply make the film out to be a much more accomplished work than it is .
I like the concept and it 's nice to watch an apocalyptic action film that asks a few questions .
Though there is more than the odd stumble along the way , the intense atmosphere ... -- and its scrupulously balanced blending of danger , despair , defiance and death - remains powerful and arrestingly ominous throughout .
The film is a showcase for Hilditch 's technical skill , which includes an understanding of audience psychology : he has the knack of creating awful pictures in the mind while showing the worst horrors briefly or not at all .
Zak Hilditch 's tense apocalyptic drama These Final Hours gives a familiar concept a telling new location : Perth .
Hilditch wants us to walk on hot cinematic coals here , knowing the hurt and pain that the film stirs up will ultimately result in a satisfied but more so , stronger you .
These Final Hours is tragic , sad , thrilling and tense , a triumph of cinema that tells its gut-wrenching tale in under 90 minutes - take note , Hollywood .
A symbolic work that fires from multiple cannons .
Zak Hilditch makes a scorching debut feature with this emotionally explosive apocalyptic drama .
The final graphic effects extravaganza is , I think , a mistake . Better to have ended on a note of eerie stillness and reflection . But if it 's spectacle you want , those final moments are hard to beat . All reservations aside , it 's a terrific movie .
There 's never been an end-of-days movie quite like These Final Hours before , an anything-goes orgy of grief , savagery , and sex , with just enough humanity to remind us why maybe farewelling mankind would be a shame after all .
When the film is n't sickeningly violent , it 's stupid and when it 's not that it 's sentimental and boring , with little to recommend .
An attention grabbing debut
These Final Hours renders an abject apocalypse ; and yet the last glimpses of humanity are dazzling .
`` that 's not an apocalypse ; this is the APOCALYPSE . ''
An incredibly bleak yet never the less effective pre-apocalypse movie , that stunningly portrays an Australia succumbed to a culture of death during the most fleeting and precious moments of creation .
What sets it apart from so many action-oriented films is that the director surrounds lead actor Nathan Philips with a strong , multigenerational cast of women .

@highlight

Writer-director Zak Hilditch 's thought-provoking screenplay -- and a stellar performance from young Angourie Rice -- make These Final Hours worth watching , even if its end-of-the-world premise is overly familiar .