It 's fine B-grade mulch , but it 's certainly no masterpiece ... it 's surprising , and a tad disheartening , how readily Fury Road falls into line with so many other production-line blockbusters .
This is one of the few movies I 've ever seen where the whole audience broke into spontaneous , loud applause a third of the way in .
In the end , Miller has done it and done it righteously - reimagining a sturdy franchise and living up to the original , while kicking the tired reboot to the curb . Fury Road is rife with activity and fertile with ideas .
Charlize Theron as Furiosa is freaking amazing in this film . She fights , she 's badass , she 's so great .
I left the theatre trembling and with my hands sweating , and that 's the best compliment one can give to a movie of this kind . Let the sequels come ! -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Mad Max : Fury Road is a rare successful franchise resurrection ; it is an 80s action film with the budget of a modern era film with mind-blowing cinematography
... visually the film is astonishing .
The action here is fast and furious , and truly out of this world .
-LSB- Mad Max 's -RSB- visual intelligence and wit vastly outweigh its concessions to the genre .
Mad Max : Fury Road is the perfect chick flick for the discerning viewer who prefers her protagonist to be more Ellen Ripley than a musical Charlie 's Angel .
While the original conceit of the Mad Max universe is maintained , the new film surpasses its origins , and offers up a brand new post-Apocalyptic funhouse ride , with a surprisingly thoughtful subtext .
Nothing about this story is tame . It is filled with relentless non-stop action , violence with a hint of humor .
Insanely creative . Insanely violent . Insanely satisfying .
You need to go see this film . Wins for women in Hollywood are too rare for you not to .
George Miller has told a story that feels authentic to the world he 's created , but that also takes it in a new and fascinating direction .
The chases and wrecks are artfully choreographed , the constant motion tending toward the balletic .
I can only say that it 's one of the purest pieces of filmmaking virtuosity you 'll see anywhere .
The memories of the original Mad Max series are intact . This is not more of the same . Fury Road takes you down a different trail .
It is a wild , inventive , barking-bonkers trumpet voluntary of Wagnerian proportions , and I loved it . I loved it .
Miller has truly knocked this one out of the park . A home run if I 've ever seen one , and one that I 'm looking forward to experiencing again .
looks like oil on a hot engine
Like the original Mad Max trilogy , Miller 's dystopia is drenched in political commentary , but while the film 's feminism has recently taken center stage , its environmentalism is far more strident .
Mad Max : Fury Road was n't the biggest hit film of the summer of 2015 -LRB- that honor belongs to Jurassic World -RRB- but it is easily the most visceral and the most intelligent action film of year . Decades in the making , there 's nothing else like this out there .
Miller 's commitment to things that look cool can not be overstated . Mad Max Fury Road is a never-ending stream of such things
Those in search of a bludgeoning good time will find it in his new scorched-earth action extravaganza , Mad Max : Fury Road -- it 's hard to remember the last time a summer tent-pole movie over-delivered in the ways this does .
Yeah , I get it . I admired the film a lot . But did I love it ? Well ...
A machine that roars at full throttle for two solid hours .
A fun and thrilling film where Miller does n't take himself too seriously and allows some humor to appear , like the crazy flamethrower guitar player . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
-LSB- Furiosa is -RSB- the human touch in this inhumane world and the madly beating heart of this technical wonder of a movie .
A wildly monotonous film that operates at one volume - fortissimo - bludgeoning us over the head into either submission or exhaustion .
-LSB- Audiences -RSB- will immediately recognize its undeniable prowess and action-classic qualities that have been missing from the world of cinema for quite some time now .
The craziest , most delirious spectacle you 're likely to lay eyes on this year .
Miller now ranks alongside Gilliam , Lynch , Burton et al as one of cinema 's more distinct visionaries thanks to this elseworld of warped , hideous survivors and bizarre contraptions .
The inventiveness and chutzpah with which Miller keeps this mad pursuit interesting is remarkable , as is the movie 's cinematography , and design .
Although Mad Max is not for everyone , those who want a good shake that does n't put their neurons at stake will fefinitely appreciate it . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Mad Max : Fury Road captures the joy and style of what action cinema once was -- a good story with convincing characters supported by the stunning choreography of cinematography , editing and production design .
Mad Max : Fury Road is the action movie we 've forgotten to demand , or perhaps we never knew we could ask for .
That argument about how CGI has ruined the popcorn blockbuster is met with maniacal laughter on behalf of Miller and his audacity to stay true to his roots .
It 's not the masterpiece that people prematurely announced , but it 's deffinately one of the best films of 2015 . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Richly visual reboot .
If George Miller set the bar for modern action films with Mad Max in 1979 , with Fury Road he completely obliterates it and creates an entirely new cinematic standard all his own .
George Miller 's Mad Max : Fury Road upends all expectations-about how action sequences are composed , what themes a blockbuster can contain , or who a film 's actual protagonist can be-and puts most other filmmakers working on this scale to shame .
A insane and surprisingly free proposal . Brutal . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The film creates a perfect balance between action and depth of basic needs , in the midst of an infertile atmosphere . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A real visual and narrative hallucination , that does not stop at any time and steals your breath every minute . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The result is a film that combines the crazy style of his predecessors with his own frenetic pace . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Miller has given us a worthy continuation of his own sensational vision . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A visual spectacle open to interpretations and readings , and a very entertaining experience . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Miller surpassed all expectations . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A great film that hopefully motivate some to see -LRB- or meet for the first time -RRB- the original saga . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A spectacular chase movie , entertaining and outstanding that makes you want to send the Fast & Furious drivers back to the driving school . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Not the masterpiece that more than one critic has ventured prematurely to ponder , however finishes being the blockbuster of the year . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
All that we are seeing on the screen is happening with real people , real action sequences in the background , forcing the eye to watch as if we were there . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The real protagonist is an abstract but essential character to the film : the road itself . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A small miracle to have a great time with . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Miller has returned through the front door to reign , without any doubt , among many blockbusters now cooked in Hollywood . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's easy to make a wall-to-wall action movie when you do n't care if it looks real or makes narrative sense , and that 's the essential difference between so much action today and Fury Road .
It all means to be disturbing , magical and original , but that does not stop my mouth to occasionally issue a yawn . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
There 's an amazing sense of scale and depth to the cinematography by John Seale , who came out of retirement for this one , and also a brilliantly varied color palette .
Fury Road , despite its lack of an interesting plot , despite the absence of flesh-and-blood characters , despite the basic sameness of any sequel , still manages to thrill .
Mad Max : Fury Road makes you feel the heat of its apocalyptic atmosphere , the rust of the wreckage scraping beneath your fingers and the impossible hope that its characters will rise from the ashes .
The title character seems along for the ride in George Miller 's very good looking reimagining of the post-apocalyptic fantasy world he first delivered in 1979 .
It is far more fun than any other action movie in recent memory ; and no doubt a sweet vindication for Miller 's admirable perseverance .
Charlize Theron is really something .
Simply bloody amazing , Fury Road is an adrenaline-fuelled , fist-pumping , action masterpiece . You 'd be mad to miss it .
Miller 's trademark absurdist humour pops up ever so often in the middle of the stunningly directed and relentless mayhem .
In short , this is a brilliantly orchestrated , riotously entertaining action thriller that demands to be seen on the big screen .
A pulse-pounding two hours of pure anarchy .
We 'll have to wait for the inevitable sequel to find out where it 's going . In the meantime , get yourself some earplugs .
An extremely entertaining film and one of the best action movies I 've seen in years . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Action as art .
At 70 years old , director George Miller returns to give a master class in how to make an action film . With rich visuals and a preference for practical effects , Mad Max Fury Road is the best movie of 2015 so far . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
I hope the franchise continues with Hardy , but I would n't mind another franchise that 's just Furiosa .
The closest Miller -LRB- or anyone else for that matter -RRB- has come to capturing the sense of wonder , awe and energy that he did with The Road Warrior
A relentless two-hour assault both on the eardrums and the eyeballs , Mad Max : Fury Road is the craziest film of the year so far -- and one of the loudest of all time .
This is a film daring in both ideas and imagery , a spectacular carnival of carnage that puts most other blockbusters to shame . I 'm already gearing myself up for another ride .
If you want to see stuff blowing up for two hours straight and do n't care about a story or character development , then this is the movie for you . But I need a lot more out of a film .
Far from feeling repetitive or even drawn out , Fury Road grips like a vice throughout .
It 's an authentic Mad Max movie without being slavishly bound to the past -- a radical notion that 's so crazy it just works .
You can almost feel the air whipping around your head and there 's an impressive lack of CGI but as an action spectacle the picture has few genuine `` wow '' moments , favouring constant motion over stand-out sequences .
The film 's dusty , cobbled-together props and costumes are drawn straight from The Road Warrior . Fury Road drops the '80s big hair and headbands , but overall , it 's amazing how well the aesthetic has held up .
As a car chase movie , though , this thing is the bomb .
Amid a masterful , epic symphony of truly insane stuntwork , Miller establishes Fury Road as something much greater than the average blockbuster .
If you 're a hardcore computer gamer inured to marathon sessions of annihilation while being pulverised by Death Metal from wall-to-wall speaker stacks , this may be the movie for you . For myself , not so much .
Hope is also what makes Fury Road go . For all the cruelty and destruction in its many monsters ' hearts , the movie is a paean to hope .
Miller throws everything at the screen in balletic , joyous conflagrations that , while long and in some ways repetitious , never get boring .
Not one frame of this movie is wasted . It feels as if every moment is loaded with conflict : Visually stunning , aurally pleasing , impactful conflict .
Mad Max : Fury Road delivers all the stylish and dusty mayhem I could handle for two fast and furious hours .
Max himself and some of the villains may be thinly sketched , but Fury Road is definitely worth the cost of gasoline to go and see .
-LSB- Miller 's -RSB- uncompromising , yet resolutely accessible vision melts down and re-forges the template all of his contemporaries in the action field will have to work with from now on .
Mad Max creator George Miller brings the futuristic franchise thundering back to life , a lot less lean but just as mean , more than three decades after Mel Gibson donned the leathers .
Mad Max : Fury Road will be a delight to anyone looking for nothing more than an adrenaline-fueled , action-packed thrill ride , but for those expecting a little more thought put into the story and characters , it will be something of a slight disappointment .
Para saber como seria um filme que tomou ácido e cheirou cocaína , basta assistir a Mad Max : Estrada da Fúria .
Fury Road is an experience for the senses , bursting with colour , car chases and downright ridiculous armoury .
Despite all the flaming twisted metal and heavy riffing , Fury Road 's most explosive element might be its keenly subversive heart .
Jaw-droppingly beautiful when it is n't horrifyingly ugly , this is a literal vision of hell-on-wheels and features some of the most astonishing action ever committed to film .
The endless action of the film 's third act ensures that Mad Max : Fury Road concludes on a decidedly underwhelming note ...
The freakiness elevates the film .
Pedal-to-the-medal kick ass action drives this summer winner to the max . If there is any justice Charlize Theron will get an Oscar nomination . And so will the movie .
This is what fast and furious really looks like .
Feminist ? Absolutely . Detrimental to the film ? Not in the slightest ... it 's a movie of heavy metal imagination and bone-grinding engineering . Motorheads rejoice !
Unlike action directors of the plodding sort , George Miller does n't ask you to understand the deliriously strange world into which he throws you headlong . He just wants to change the parts you recognize .
`` Mad Max : Fury Road '' is everything you want your summer blockbuster to be : loaded with insane action , hot actors and death-defying stunts .
Masterfully kinetic and often downright berserk .
Mad Max : Fury Road is a relentless marvel of sense-pummeling stunts and gargoyle horror that needs to take a breather once in a while .
An action packed , artistic , and emotional piece of apocalyptic cinema that I enjoyed greatly ...
It 's bursting with imagination , wit , enough real-world stunts to create a sense of high stakes , and performances that register with real emotion in the midst of absurdity .
Hope is a mistake . But this represents a certain kind of hope that 's contagious . As technology continues to improve and digital effects persist , it 's refreshing to see an old-school master get back to basics - and use his powers for good .
Fury Road has visionary moments , speed and a wild sense of daring
`` Mad Max : Fury Road '' is one long adrenaline pump of a chase scene .
You stumble out of the theatre giddy about what films can do , transported by the breathtaking velocity in this battering ram of a picture that just goes , goes , goes and then keeps on going .
The action is fast and furious and totally bonkers . And yet the style is totally original : Old West showdowns meets funk mayhem meets feminist drama . Seriously .
... has a lot more to do with the architecture of the frame and Miller 's delight in throwing things right at the face of the audience than any sneaky feminism . There 's a kind of kinetic genius to the movie , which is essentially one long chase .
Thunderously entertaining re-boot -- a relentless action movie that avoids clutter while maintaining a visual ferocity and taking time for a few heartwarming detours .
Happy end of the world .
I defy you to see a better film this year .
Mad Max : Fury Road possesses the most elusive of cinematic virtues : it fits no mold other than its own .
-LSB- VIDEO ESSAY -RSB- Instant cult-classic ? You bet .
The movie is one long-running battle scene expertly staged and paced by Miller , with a judicious use of CGI that does n't insult us with the blatantly impossible .
For all its action and spectacle , Mad Max : Fury Road represents a sort of creative idealism that critics and cinephiles swoon for .
An amazing piece of genre filmmaking , and , frankly speaking , 90 % of the Hollywood action film community just got schooled by a 70-year-old veteran .
`` Fury Road '' is a movie in which action speaks louder than words . Miller and his production team fill the screen with a wide variety of amazing and impressive stunts , which will have you gaping in disbelief , while holding the dialogue to a minimum .
It is fair to say that Fury Road will raise audience expectations to the degree that every producer and studio chief with an action flick tentpole scheduled for this summer will soon be reaching for the painkiller of his or her choice .
an all-out rush of visceral , kinetic power and-yes-fury that mixes the old and the new in ways that are both dazzling and exhausting
A blazing descent into a desert hellscape . Revs on and on as a spectacle best seen on the big screen in all its crazy-as-a-desert-fox , carefully car-choreographed glory . One leering , gibbering , riotous romp of an action-extravaganza .
Everything you need to know about the situations and characters is vibrantly depicted on screen . This is n't a film for people who want everything revealed through dialogue .
Lots of fire in this one .
When it comes to foot-down , hell-for-leather exhilaration , Mad Max : Fury Road makes the Fast & Furious franchise resemble a spin in a Reliant Robin .
Mad Max : Fury Road delivers . There 's no clearer or more succinct way to put it . 30 years after last appearing on the big screen , Max roars back with a vengeance .
Even after two viewings , I feel as though I 've only scratched the surface of Mad Max : Fury Road . George Miller 's action fantasy is astonishingly dense for a big-budget spectacle , not only in its imagery and ideas but in the complex interplay between them .
A film of visionary grandeur .
A visceral feminist anthem disguised as a post-apocalyptic car chase .
A precipitous decline from `` Beyond Thunderdome '' .
Everything we desire in a summer popcorn movie , and more .
It seems the only people who make them like they used to are the ones that made the originals .
A spectacular demolition derby of action that totally overwhelms every other aspect of the film : characters , narrative , emotion and charm flattened in the dust .
Fury Road is all technique but sometimes you want more or in this case , maybe less .
Mad Max : Fury Road is one hell of an achievement ; ` hell ' being the operative word , given how long director George Miller spent toiling to develop the damned thing .
A revved-up vision of gloriously twisted design , propulsive momentum and resonant mythmaking .
I was lost in the relentless imagination of this thing , which baits us with the purest of popcorn fodder , yet smashes the ceiling of the Bechdel Test with a righteous feminist roar .
one can look at any quarter of the screen and see more action and more amusing detail than is in any three other action films this summer
This is not your father 's Mad Max .
While it is n't likely to change your idea of cinema -LRB- at least I hope not -RRB- , is n't worth the hype and has its share of problems , this is one wild ride that 's worth taking .
Neither a remake or reboot , but rather a refuel of glorious Nitrous that not only has this long gestating franchise supercharged , but also firing on all cylinders
I was already getting excited for my second viewing ten minutes into my first ... it 's got the weird vernacular , the Australian-ness ... . It may have cost hundreds of millions of dollars , but still feels home-grown , hand-made , and completely deviant .
If you strap yourself in and let yourself just go along for the ride , you might just get your mind blown .
Excellent movie . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
... makes a stark statement : If this is humanity , then it 's no wonder the world was destroyed . Most of these maniacs would blow it up again tomorrow .
The film lacks the granular realism of the earlier installments , but Miller renders that unnecessary by magnifying the weirdness and insanity that always lurked beneath the series ' surface .
Ferocious and irresistible , Mad Max : Fury Road is a modern masterpiece that could redefine the action standard .
It 's fine B-grade mulch , but it 's certainly no masterpiece ... it 's surprising , and a tad disheartening , how readily Fury Road falls into line with so many other production-line blockbusters .
A mesmerizing ride of non-stop action and imaginative weirdness from beginning to end . It also has more than just action . There are interesting characters and some glimpses into an amazing desert society .
Fury Road is a defiantly individual riposte to those committee-led blockbusters which are built on CGI and designed to sell toys .
The action movie of the summer .
Headlong , berserk , bonkers , bat -- , boisterous , bountiful and big-hearted ... George Miller in three sentences : We 're doomed . Keep moving . Be kind .
An electric monster of an action film !
A more peripatetic , high octane , testosterone-fueled chase film you will rarely see .
The best action movie since - if I 'm trying really hard to be conservative - Hard Boiled in 1992 .
An orgy of loud and louder , leaving us alternately exhilarated , exasperated and exhausted .
Miller begins with a well-choreographed chase sequence that never really stops . Except for a handful of very short detours , this is two hours of unrelenting warfare .
Mad Max : Fury Road is a glorious symphony of violence , action , and subversive wit and wisdom that goes far beyond anything its series ' predecessors or any recent action film has done .
Boring plot , impressive but depressing production - a boys - toys movie
Buckle up tight , moviegoers - Mad Max : Fury Road is one hell of a ride .
So wonderful to behold and packed with glorious action that by the end there was a grand total of 12 words in my trusty reviewer 's notebook . And two of them were `` holy sh*t . ''
Fast and furious , this revolutionary Road is a solid two hours of maximum overdrive .
Believe all the hype : This movie will melt your face off .
An astonishing full-throttle action movie that proves Miller may have taught those other directors everything they know - but he did n't teach them everything he knows .
... a furious , insanely entertaining post-apocalyptic road picture ... Miller , who just turned 70 , puts on a clinic for aspiring action directors young enough to be his grandchildren .
In Fury Road there is nothing pacifist or even docile in Miller 's conception of the nature of the feminine , no matter what they look like or what they are wearing .
I saw it twice and liked it vastly more the second time around , when I 'd adjusted my expectations and had my bearings from the get-go . Then it became about digging the spectacle - not to mention the hilarious sexual politics .
It turns out we do need another hero , and it comes in the guise of George Miller .
An A-plus B-movie that at times feels almost like a tone poem to early - '80s excess , a cross between a monster-truck rally and a Plasmatics concert .
If you 're up for the ride you 'll be rewarded with the most senses - and -LRB- common -RRB- sense-shattering action spectacle in decades .
Plot , dialogue , intelligence , subtlety , suspense , wit , chemistry and logic get tossed out the window in George Miller 's fourth milking of this franchise .
A hyper-accelerated rush of towering , weird-ass oil-fisted heavy metal explosiveness .
Holy crap `` Mad Max : Fury Road '' rocks ! Oh what a lovely day indeed !
Makes most other blockbusters , superhero sagas and special-effect blowouts look like they were made with doodles , doodads and trinkets from a toy box .
The audience feels transported to this post-apocalyptic setting , and the mind-blowing action sequences rival any that have ever been put to film . George Miller does a magnificent job in recapturing the feel of his beloved `` Mad Max '' franchise .
Stripped of such frivolities as plot and character development , Fury Road is two hours of rolling thunder that will leave your inner 12-year-old giggling with glee .
The epitome of a badass thrill ride and what a reboot should really be , I 'll patiently wait another 30 years for someone to achieve what George Miller has pulled off here .
A gorgeous , scrap-metal demolition derby of a popcorn picture .
Mad Max : Fury Road is a beautifully strange , violent and thrilling cinematic composition that proves George Miller is a more brilliant maestro than ever .
Director George Miller wastes enough bombs and ammunition to win a small war but it 's in a winning cause . This is a lot of fun and pure guilty post-apocalyptic pleasure .
I wanted get my socks knocked off but they were still on my feet as I left the theater .
Like Jurassic Park , The Dark Knight , and , yes , The Road Warrior before it , Mad Max : Fury Road sets a new gold standard for action cinema .
For anyone who denied that Titus Andronicus could ever be mashed up with The Cannonball Run , here is your answer , and we are only too happy to follow Nux as he cries , `` What a lovely day ! , '' and accelerates into a whirlwind of fire .
The practical effects and stunts give it the kind of bone-jarring , visceral impact that most Hollywood and Marvel superhero movies have largely abandoned . By comparison , The Avengers : Age Of Ultron , seems unconvincingly cartoonish .
The time that Mad Max : Fury Road took in the oven was to demonstrate that the legendary character has much to deliver and get excited for . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
Furiously on-target for action junkies and fan-boys ...
A mindless , expensive B-movie that 's more exhausting , tedious and nauseating than exhilarating .
Fury Road is also one of the best action movies of the decade , a punk Last Judgment with manic invention and depraved wit on display in every frame .
Try naming a modern blockbuster that has as much chutzpah as Mad Max : Fury Road . You ca n't , because there is n't one . This is what happens when you lay out all your crazy on the screen at once : glorious , crackling entertainment .
Miller has the dubious distinction of essentially creating the post-apocalyptic action genre , and in this film , set some 40 years after the fall of the world , he outdoes himself .
Grim yet exhilarating , it may be one of the more powerful movies this year .
If you want your big screen thrill ride this summer , this might just be the ticket .
Almost unprecedented in the history of movies - a reboot from the 30 director 30 years later that 's an absolute triumph of kinetic action .
Mad Max is Back . George Miller is an action-movie genius . See it in 2D !
The incredible array of physical objects moving through space in unique ways makes it seem limitlessly inventive , in a way that 's far more artistic than the basic button-pushing of something like `` Furious 7 . ''
In the 1979 ` Mad Max , ' a makeup-effects insert shot shows the doomed Toecutter 's eyes bulging impossibly from his head in the instant before he collides with a truck ; I felt similarly bug-eyed as I tried to take in the awesome spectacle of ` Fury Road . '
Tom Hardy is mad as hell and he 's not going to take it anymore . Well , OK , maybe one more time in George Miller 's furious adrenaline pill that 's true to the movie 's kick-ass roots .
Writer/Director George Miller set the GPS , aligned the steering wheel and then unrelentingly stepped on the gas , never once stopping or slowing down to second guess himself .
Thirty years after his hero walked off into a nuclear sunset , George Miller returns for more than just a greatest-hits package , orchestrating a go-for-broke action symphony that 's also wonderfully , wildly subversive .
Unrestrained and uncompromising , this hugely enjoyable blockbuster provides a mad and memorable ride . More please !
Awesome ! Up-ends the genre . No dialogue , no exposition , no explanation and no kissing . Just pure energy -LRB- and heroic stunt work -RRB- !
A speed-metal classic .
One over-the-top , bombastic , adrenaline-filled chase scene . Love it or leave it .
Miller 's ferocious , grotesque , beautiful film is every bit the equal of its original trilogy from the '80s , and throws down the gauntlet for every action film made since .
It makes sense a MAD MAX army goes into battle with a metal guitarist . This primal , epic film is the stuff of Homer in the key of Metallica .
An unapologetic action film that shows how magnificent chase scenes can be when put in the hands of a gifted director and a cast that realizes that in a post-apocalyptic world , less really is more .
70-year-old George Miller steps before this cinematic cult , shows the skill set he 's developed over the last three-plus decades , and then drops the mic .
A double-barrelled shotgun enema straight to the senses , George Miller 's Mad Max : Fury Road is an exercise in relentless , pedal-to-the-metal momentum that can only qualify as savagely pleasurable .
There 's no great meaning here - it 's a basic story of rebellion and redemption . But there 's such energy and visual invention in a world so fully realized and dazzling that the roller coaster ride is more than enough on its own .
This summer 's blockbuster offerings may be setting box office records , yet seem like holograms when compared with this weighty offering .
A marvel of action choreography .
The reason why movies were invented .
Utterly unhinged , magnificently inspired , hugely ambitious , deeply weird , emotionally resonant , and brilliant in every possible way , Mad Max : Fury Road is a mow-you-down masterwork .
A dystopian road movie that is essentially one gigantic , heart-pumping , gritty-yet-artisanal chase sequence .
There 's never been anything like Mad Max : Fury Road , a film as revolutionary as it is entertaining .
This is how an action movie should be : gutsy , unapologetic , relentless , artful , well-written , full-throttle and , above all , spectacular . Destined to be an Australian classic .
George Miller has taken trash , literally and figuratively , and transformed it into a kinetic art sculpture traveling through the Namib at 200 kilometers per hour , complete with its own roving orchestra ...
It 's got the action and explosions of a `` Transformers '' movie , but makes those films look like complex dramas in comparison .
Even the wondrously choreographed stunting that keeps everything flying , flipping , careening , and cartwheeling in every direction starts to look like some demented Cirque de Soleil performance with a demolition derby theme after a while .
It 's the cinematic ride of the year .
Mad Max : Fury Road is a thrill ride for the ages . This is a great pulpy B-movie infused with A-list talent and the bountiful studio budget to boot .
One of the most harrowing , intense , thrilling action movies of all time . It is absolutely epic .
Miller has made all of these younger filmmakers seem like dinosaurs . The fourth film in the series is head and shoulders above other modern action films .
That master of apocalyptic junkyard anarchy is back , bigger , wilder , madder than ever .
It marries unadulterated , uncompromised thematic weight to an onslaught of juggernaut action , creating a film to which all other blockbusters this summer might as well bow down in deference . This is like mainlining the reason why we go to the movies .
Reboots the franchise with intense , explosive energy ... It is straight-up , wall-to-wall bonkers .
This incredible cinematic masterpiece takes you on a high-octane acid trip that gloriously assaults your senses ... probably one the best action movies you 'll ever see .
Two hours of action scenes that are well crafted and entirely lacking in suspense , and with some clever but fake-looking special effects .
It goes to show that , even in a lovingly detailed post-apocalyptic milieu of de-evolution , a filmmaker can still evolve .
There 's enough horror remixed here -- of the Heart of Darkness version -- to engage our current moment . That should be one of the obligations of a reboot .
Fury Road ignites this overwhelming sensation of chill inducing satisfaction and an unquenchable thirst that can only be satiated by repeat viewings of a visually stunning and unconventionally magnificent technological achievement in filmmaking .
Mad Max : Fury Road provokes the same question from its audience again and again : What can you show me next ? The answer is always the same : Something even more outlandish and imaginative than what you just saw .
Avant-garde action cinema on an enormous scale that manages to be utterly original and suffused with a rebellion against patriarchy that is thrilling to watch in this form .
Movement , images , and some plucky actors carry all the emotion and humor a movie of this scale needs , and its kinetic force delivers an adrenaline boost to your system .
A mind-boggling exercise in pure action Mad Max : Fury Road is overwhelming , achieving the sort of visual poetry typically ascribed to Ben-Hur 's chariot race or one of Sam Peckinpah 's blood ballets .
A kinetic , hallucinatory , boldly feminist chase flick that , with its vibrant color palette , harrowing stunt work and show-don ` t-tell style of yarn-spinning , leaves every Marvel movie and every Fast & Furious in its irradiated dust .
It 's a pitiless , primitive , primal world -LSB- Miller 's -RSB- built - from its medicine to its religion to its tribal diplomacy - and it 's wondrous to behold .
The `` Mad Max '' franchise was never for everyone , yet it clearly benefits from fresh blood , too . Propelled by Miller 's nitro-burning aesthetic vision and an entertaining cast , this turbo-charged new model is a gas , gas , gas .
A gleefully violent -- and improbably feminist -- phantasmagoria that turns epic road rage and long stretches of vehicular omnicide into an eye-boggling joy ride .
Miller ... dreamed the mighty dream that is this film for more than a decade before being able to bring it to life . It has been worth the wait .
Miller has found his heavy metal groove -LRB- one of the legion of freaky baddies is strapped to the front of a truck , grinding out a sonic burn of electric guitar licks for the entire movie -RRB- .
* This * is how you reboot a franchise . But as good an apocalyptic actioner as `` Mad Max : Fury Road '' is , `` The Road Warrior '' is still the gold standard .
People , you 're witnessing the best film of its genre in the decade . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
Two movies rolled into one : one is an action packed and high octane film , and another with a sociological and even a spiritual background . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
A masterpiece , the return of the eternal Apocalipse and a tale reminiscent of Homer 's Illiad . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
Despite the frenetic pace of Mad Max : Fury Road and its massive set-pieces , gobsmack-nonstop action and violence , insane costuming , and its bombastic soundtrack , there is a story and there is character development .
The fourth installment of Miller 's Mad Max films is not to be missed . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
As efficient an exercise in pure action and visceral excitement as today 's jaded audiences could ask for , though little more than that .
It 's action with a purpose - Miller 's potent opera of movement becomes a rolling horror-satire of mankind 's greed , foolish short-termism and endless penchant for self-destruction .
Miller 's Mad Max : Fury Road is a hammer-down , cast-iron-plated , diesel-exhaust-belching manifesto on the physics of screen action , a metamechanics monster truck show with everything but a Robosaurus .
Real people and organic settings always capture the eye more fully , and imply higher stakes , than CGI imagery . Miller ups the ante by ensuring all characters and vehicles are visually striking , either in their good looks or their hideousness .
Unstoppable and righteous , it roars across the no-lane hardpan like the four-iron horseman of the kinetic apocalypse , amped up on bathtub crank and undiluted movie love . Oh , what a movie . What a lovely movie !
2015 belongs to Max !
To paraphrase James Ellroy , Fury Road rules , all other summer blockbusters drool .
I do n't mean to go full-tilt cinema geek here , but Miller 's Mad Max : Fury Road resonates with classic epics from the distant past .
Miller remains a supreme master of action . With his splendid tech cohorts , the action here is immersive and high impact ; it has a nasty , believable edge . It plays well , real ... when characters are close to die , we feel it .
A pedal to the metal cinematic excursion unrivaled by most any action flick -- especially in the car chase action sub genre -- of the past decade . -LRB- Full Content Review -- Sex , Profanity , Violence , etc. -- for Parents also available -RRB-
A new entry in the Mad Max franchise every bit as unique as the first three , Mad Max : Fury Road is a welcome , exciting and surprising addition to the post-apocalyptic blockbuster genre .
Miller shoots the mayhem with a clear , steady eye , plus a fair amount of cheeky humour .
Fury Road is a two-hour car chase , but strapped to the hood -LRB- much like Max himself in the early scenes -RRB- is a simple , satisfying story .
This new ` Mad Max , ' reimagined with considerable inspiration and a wicked production design , is a furiously good action film .
Fury Road is a feast of explosions , fights and crashes that come at break-neck speed ... The worst thing about the movie moving at such a rapid pace is that there is little time to appreciate the craftsmanship that went into the modified rides .
An operatic extravaganza of thrilling action and nearly non-stop mayhem ... exhilarating , deranged and exhausting in almost equal measures .
This is entertainment to the maddest max . Every inner 12-year-old will think he -- or perhaps even she -- has died and gone to a heaven that looks just like hell .
Tom Hardy is perfectly cast as the leather-sporting , crazy-eyed Road Warrior , but the reason why Mad Max : Fury Road feels so right is simple : It 's Miller 's world , and he 's taking us back .
Miller , whose 1979 picture of the same name was the first worldwide hit in the Australian film revival of the '70s , has topped himself with a version that has maybe half the emotion but twice the visual impact .
You leave the theater still shaking , everything still pumping and throbbing , a treadmill stopping on a dime and sending you careening through the back wall .
Hardy and Theron make a dynamite team , but Theron is the film 's bruised heart and soul . So get prepped for a new action classic . You wo n't know what hit you .
Perhaps , in this mix of explosive action , manic mythopoeia and radical politics , there is hope for the future after all .
When Miller called `` action '' on this reboot he really meant it .
A post-apocalyptic western of the highest order .
A steampunk fever dream , a hallucinatory and vicious drive through hell , and 70-year-old director George Miller is behind the wheel ... having a lovely , lovely day .
Fury Road is about as nontraditional as a big-budget studio movie gets , surviving on its sheer originality , audacity and no-holds-barred attitude .
This is analog filmmaking at its most daring .
Varoom , varoom !
An anything-goes phantasmagoria of starkly indelible sights and explosive , bone - and metal-crunching carnage . `` Mad Max : Fury Road '' is n't a deep movie , but it is a technically spectacular one .
It 's enormous , destructive , and largely indescribable . It 's also a gleefully barnstorming actioner that 's going to be difficult to top this year .
Mad Max : Fury Road is an artfully crafted adrenaline ride that 's powered by Miller 's incomparable sense of storytelling through the most primitive , high-speed rawness that 's ever been captured on camera .
An absolute action masterpiece . George Miller 's made a true genre classic . As good as - maybe even better than - The Road Warrior .
Rocks the screen with a fluid intensity of masterful visual storytelling .
Wait until you see this ! It 's going to knock your socks off .
Even in the most chaotic fights and collisions , everything makes sense . ... And Mr. Miller demonstrates that great action filmmaking is not only a matter of physics but of ethics as well . There is cause and effect ; there are choices and consequences .
A blockbuster that dares to have meaningful themes and complex characters ...
It 's a surreal , operatic take on the action movie that makes its direct predecessors - Mad Max , Mad Max : Beyond Thunderdome and even the mighty Road Warrior - seem almost timid by comparison .
At no point does the empowering gender switch compromise the movie 's speed demon action and pyrotechnics , which are a refreshing return to operatic thrills after all the same-old CGI shenanigans we 've become numb to .
There will never be another movie like Mad Max : Fury Road . Period .
In a world of action cinema that is becoming more cookie cutter and glossy via every superhero sequel and young adult adaptation Mad Max : Fury Road is a breath of old air . The kind of R-rated action that 's gritty , dirty and non-stop .
This is the best movie of 2015 so far , an action masterpiece .
`` Fury 's '' pace is delirious , the stunts are incredible - such crashes , such explosions , such a lot of flying bodies - Hardy 's performance is a marvel of subdued conviction and Theron brings an impressive gravity to her work as Furiosa .
Despite the fact we did n't need another Max Max movie , we have one . Thankfully it 's awesome .
Mad Max : Fury Road is a bold , ingenious thrill machine .
Every single prop , costume and character looks insanely cool , like a world war erupted at Burning Man .
This action pioneer throws down the gauntlet to his much younger peers , and lets them know that when it comes to crunching metal , shredded tyres , terrifying villains , and flawed anti-heroes , he is the king .
A modern action classic that 's not beholden to contemporary or past stylistic trends ...
Mad Max : Fury Road is a masterpiece of cinema , a full throttle symphony of mayhem and exhilaration that will blow audiences out of their chairs .
Great performances , eye-popping cinematography and stunning stunts make this a thunderous comeback for the Aussie icon .
Mad Max : Fury Road is a film that merits multiple viewings not only because of the depth of its content , but because it never slows down , and in this case , you wo n't want to miss a thing .
an estrogen-fueled , wildly empowering joyride that finds strange beauty in the grotesque , and a disconcerting strangeness in beauty .
Fury Road , with its sensational photography , set design and other technical attributes that bring this fourth Mad Max into the 21st century , will only add more legions of fans to the now-legendary franchise .
The shock , really , is how tender Mad Max : Fury Road ultimately becomes . The film just wraps that tenderness in one of the most epic action extravaganzas of recent years . It 's enough to renew your faith in movies .
It speaks volumes for the sheer ferocious awesome insane greatness of `` Mad Max : Fury Road '' that I 'm not even ticked off about Tom Hardy getting stuck wearing a face mask for a good chunk of the film .
Potentially 2015 's best action film , with both mayhem and meaning in a brutal flight to survive .
I ca n't remember the last time I had this much fun at a movie .
With Fury Road , director George Miller returns to the lawless , oil-deprived future of his seminal series for the first time in three decades . It was worth the wait .
The first `` Mad Max '' movie in 30 years does n't disappoint -- it 's a sonic-speed juggernaut of violence and destruction .
It is insane . In a good way . Whoever said `` Too much is never enough '' made an impression on Miller , who uses the phrase as a starting point and blasts off from there .
Mad Max : Fury Road is what so many films strive for and so few achieve - an experience that feels somewhat unique in what it accomplishes .
George Miller has managed to make Mad Max smarter and more sophisticated without losing the series ' panache or f*ck you charm . Rather than repeat himself , he articulates , and it 's wonderful .
Well , hot damn ! George Miller 's Mad Max reboot kicks the superhero action genre in the butt , charging forth with a furious yet streamlined energy that changes the game for everybody .
Neither a straightforward sequel nor a clean-slate reboot , the film simply drops Max into a perilous situation and floors the accelerator .
This is a huge yet surprisingly fleet and brisk picture that celebrates the visceral , primal pleasures of movies .
Thirty years after Miller gave the world Mad Max : Beyond Thunderdome , he 's returned to his own post-apocalyptic world and created an exceptional , fearless and poetic masterpiece that 's primed to become a modern classic .
Miller has breathed new life not just to his own series but the action genre itself .
Miller has crafted the kind of visionary action epic that makes peers and contemporaries envious while holding audiences in rapture waiting for that first bit of silence when they can finally relinquish their breath .
A relentless flurry of grease-stained automotive mayhem , peppered with explosions , collisions , dudes flying about on bending sticks and reams of S&M duds .
Fury Road keeps producing one astonishing image after another , and it uses these images to construct action scenes edited with a dancer 's sense of rhythm .
Flaws in the story - some easy political posturing , too many shallow characters - ca n't even come close to touching George Miller 's strengths : A nightmarish visual imagery , an easy command of composition , a relentless sense of pace .
From its very first scenes , `` Fury Road '' vibrates with the energy of a veteran filmmaker working at the top of his game , pushing us forward without the cheap special effects or paper-thin characters that have so often defined the modern summer blockbuster .
Like a rocket shot out of another rocket fired from a cannon .
Not only has George Miller made an effective return to the wasteland of the Mad Max universe with Fury Road , he has surpassed most action films released ... well ... ever .
Astonishing . Achieves its grotesque , magnificent brutality in an old-fashioned way that serves as a smackdown to bloated , sterile CGI monstrosities .
It 's one hell of a film
The greatest achievement of the film 's psychedelic roller coaster is the potent and passionate music of Junkie XL , whose previous scores could have never hinted at the masterpiece composition he would create for George Miller .
The movie of the summer thunders in on 22 armor-spiked wheels , because an 18-wheeler just would n't do .
The creator of the original Mad Max trilogy has whipped up a gargantuan grunge symphony of vehicular mayhem that makes Furious 7 look like Curious George .
This spectacularly great reboot is surprisingly owned not by Hardy , who is fine , but by Charlize Theron .
Strap in , load up and hang on because `` Mad Max : Fury Road '' is a freaky , ballsy , phenomenal ride .
If you enjoy action films Fury Road is for you , even if you have n't seen the previous installments . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
An action film without other pretension than to amuse the viewer with spectacular persecutions . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
Fury Road is definitely one of the greatest action films of the decade ... -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
George Miller orchestrates the rubber-burning pandemonium with the illicit smirk of someone who knows he 's giving us exactly what we want
If you 're a devotee of director George Miller 's earlier Mad Max adventures , you 're in for a thrilling reunion . If you have n't met this international treasure yet , prepare for a treat .
George Miller 's follow-up to his post-apocalyptic Mad Max trilogy is the thrill-ride fans have long been waiting for : streamlined and packed with detail , proudly silly and deadly earnest , ultra-commercial and a cry from the heart .
In all , a terrific experience .
This is the post-apocalyptic movie to end all post-apocalyptic movies . There is even more dust , rust and decay here than in the original films . The credits themselves are in molten red lettering .
Essentially , the story is one extended , spectacular car chase , which changes directions mid-movie to retrace its own footsteps as the stunts grow bigger and more outrageous with each passing mile .
For sheer filmmaking brio , Mad Max : Fury Road flattens the competition .
Movies on this scale have often been the worst offenders when it comes to failing to put women and the issues they face at the fore . But Fury Road is a brilliantly feminist blockbuster which passes the Bechdel test with flying colours .
A kinetic tone poem in blockbuster clothing .
If there was a rating between Fresh and Rotten , I 'd have given it to a movie that aroused extreme ambivalence : an hour of intense pleasure followed by a lot of wheel-spinning .
An invigorating jolt of demented originality , it makes the other Mad Max films seem like demo reels for the kinetic rush of this chase epic .
George Miller has put the modern action film to shame . Simply put , this is the best action movie I 've seen so far this decade .
Noisy , explosive and visually spectacular but depressingly hollow .
Some of the most brilliant visions are only seen for one shot , and that 's how special the Mad Max world is . Even a cutaway is indicative of the world .
Assaulting and intense , delivering an outrageously relentless adrenaline rush ...
Fury Road not only captures the same Molotov-cocktail craziness of Miller 's masterpiece , 1981 's The Road Warrior-it 's also a surprisingly hypercaffeinated film for a director in his fifth decade behind the camera .
-LSB- F -RSB- aster , bigger , badder , & better than anything else you 'll see on screen in 2015 . An awe-inspiring display of action storytelling ... -LSB- and -RSB- insanely uncompromising brilliance ...
... a stone-cold action master class , beautiful and brainy and startling in the ways it throws off the current definition of the blockbuster .
This is n't just one of the best action movies of the year -- it may eventually go down as one of the best action movies ever made .
About 90 minutes in ... my dazzlement sank into something like horror : What if the wasteland rage of Fury Road is the only feeling studio movies of the future bother to stir in us ?
If Francisco Goya painted Heavy Metal magazine , it 'd look something like Fury Road .
George Miller pours his heart and soul into some truly visionary and gonzo sequences of vehicular carnage . Kinetic , yet oddly distancing , the film pummels you into awed submission .
The post-apocalypse hath no fury like a one-armed woman ... George Miller pulls off a rarity in Hollywood blockbusters these days : A muscular action masterpiece built on practical effects , weighty and awe-inspiring .
Arrives like a gut-punch in the wasteland of Hollywood action movies .
If you 're a Road Warrior guy , Valhalla awaits . If you 're me ? You 'll still have a lot of fun ... while hoping a potential sequel delivers more world-building than can be obtained behind the wheel of a truck .
The kind of superlative action filmmaking that rips away at our collective acceptance of mediocrity . The bar has been raised .
A triumph . Every minute of MAD MAX : FURY ROAD had me smiling , and every action sequence had my heart pumping . It 's a modern action movie masterpiece .
Come for the blistering , full-tilt action , stay for the thought-provoking consideration of the post-apocalypse .
Fury Road is the rare mega-budget movie that has both heft and playfulness ; it 's dark but fun , a churning orgy of sand and fire that pirouettes with balletic grace .
`` A supercharged spectacle that races through the gears delivering shot after shot of gasoline-laced adrenaline direct to the heart . ''
An edge-of-your-seat , adrenaline-fueled , high body-count splatterfest that remains riveting from start to finish despite dispensing with the idea of plot development once the premise has been set .
In the same way that the original 1979 Mad Max was the Citizen Kane of gut-bucket Australian exploitation cinema , Mad Max : Fury Road may well be the Götterdämmerung of drive-in movies .
In the battle of the 2015 behemoths , the maxed-out madness of Mad Max : Fury Road sets an extraordinarily high bar - then pole-vaults clean over it and smashes the entire rig to smithereens .
`` Light on plot '' would be a fair description . But so would `` streamlined '' - a rare property in a summer movie , and by no means one to hold against it .
Imagine a movie where Tom Hardy is the point of calm . Max 's re-enfranchisement is a triumph of barking-mad imagination , jaw-dropping action , crackpot humour , and acting in the face of a hurricane .
Thirty years have passed since our last visit to George Miller 's sun-scorched post-apocalyptic wasteland , and yet `` worth the wait '' still seems a puny response to the two hours of ferocious , unfettered B-movie bliss offered by `` Mad Max : Fury Road . ''
This madly entertaining new action extravaganza energetically kicks more ass , as well as all other parts of the anatomy , than any film ever made by a 70-year-old - and does so far more skillfully than those turned out by most young turks half his age .
Extravagantly deranged , ear-splittingly cacophonous , and entirely over the top , George Miller has revived his Mad Max punk-western franchise as a bizarre convoy chase action-thriller in the post-apocalyptic desert .
Every shot is -LRB- and I summon this word from deep within my inner 13-year-old boy -RRB- awesome .
Mad Max : Fury Road is a remarkable and glorious motion picture , not just one of the great action movies of our time but also a great film , period .
A special film . It 's bombastically entertaining and action packed , but it does n't disregard emotion and story . And it 's a fitting follow-up that will make lovers of the Road Warrior giddy .
Mad Max : Fury Road is everything you could ask for from a summer movie and more !
Mad Max : Fury Road is like watching a non-stop , two-hour-long action-packed trailer ... Watching Mad Max : Fury Road is like watching the circus .
The ultimate car chase movie .
Exhilarating ... Pretty much the entire film is a screaming death race down Fury Road .
A rare case of a filmmaker returning to their groundbreaking franchise and creating something just as game-changing .
Mad Max : Fury Road is Miller 's masterpiece . It 's a tour-de-force film , an action romp par excellence ... A wonderous blast of fun that 's sure to warm the heart of even the most jaded anti-blockbuster audience member .

@highlight

With exhilarating action and a surprising amount of narrative heft , Mad Max : Fury Road brings George Miller 's post-apocalyptic franchise roaring vigorously back to life .