For old-school action fans , the sight of Arnie 's automatic weapon spraying bullets that rip through flesh and send dark spatters of blood tracing patterns through the air like grim fireworks may still quicken the pulse ...
The characters fit to a tee , except for 50 Cent , incongruously miscast as a computer nerd ! The action is routine but the way they plan the escape is interesting and inspired .
As implausible macho nonsense goes , it 's surprisingly good .
Escape Plan delivers an acceptable Friday action outing but its running on fumes by the time the heroes are tackling the last phases of its considerable gauntlet .
Dear devotees of finely drawn , understated cinema - here 's your exit . This is `` Escape Plan , '' a cinematic universe in which Stallone and Schwarzenegger play geniuses .
Ah-nald has n't been this much fun in decades .
Diverting but ultimately disappointing , considering how often the prison genre has produced movies of nail-biting tension or irresistible campiness .
And so , as was inevitable , Stallone and Schwarznegger are together again and starring in their trademark -LRB- putatively -RRB- action flick
This is all completely ridiculous and sensationally entertaining .
... a disappointing yet sporadically engrossing throwback to the violent actioners of the '80s and '90s .
The most surprising thing about this movie , outside of its length , is just how unsurprising it really is , especially regarding its tired climax .
` Escape Plan ' may finally unite Schwarzenegger and Stallone in co-starring roles , but it hardly seems like this is the story that makes the wait worthwhile .
Stallone and Schwarzenwegger deliver the action , drama and most importantly humor in this escapist entertainment
There are some surprises in this modestly budgeted action film , but not many . This is more about the fun of watching these two experienced action stars work these roles , and this plot , to perfection .
It 's regrettable that a movie that had built quite a bit of credibility stoops to such a hackneyed ending . But that 's not enough to ruin the evening . This is an entertaining couple of hours .
Hafstrom tries to pretend his stars are about 40 and , for the most part , it works .
This functional thumper generally gets the job done , plodding merrily , if unremarkably , through the generic set pieces , making a passable fist of well-worn material .
`` One man was left to rot for three days '' says Schwarzenegger of the brutal regime 's treatment of a prisoner . The result , you think , would look something like Stallone .
Neither Stallone nor Schwarzenegger act - or recognize - their ages . Their enjoyment , even in such a cheesy production , is contagious .
Stallone continues on the comeback trail ... a brawny action thriller that benefits from decent CG effects and shrewd supporting turns by Schwarzenegger and , as the sadistic warden , Jim Caviezel .
I was shocked but this Sly/Arnold combo package flick is far more entertaining as an action film than you might expect . Thanks to a clever twist , it 's actually a lot of fun .
Would that the rest of the film were as engaging as Schwarzenegger ; instead , it 's a routine programmer that 's short on thrills but long on tedium .
In a glorious moment of unified defiance , Stallone and Schwarzenegger look directly at the camera and raise a middle finger at anyone assuming that time has run out on these two aging heavyweights .
One of the most cockamamie premises in the history of movies .
Escape Plan is entertaining enough to keep it from being ` bad , ' but there 's so little different or interesting or truly engaging that it 's not very good either .
Arnold . Stallone . Hitting . Guns . Catchphrases . If you want more , keep holding your breath ; for me , this is guy-movie junkfood far more rib-stickingly satisfying than either Expendables or The Last Stand .
Fans might not mind that the idea of pairing Stallone and Schwarzenegger for the first time had more potential than is fulfilled here .
It 's almost the team-up movie you wanted 25 years ago , kind of !
No geezer jokes for Rambo and the Terminator in this one .
It was nice to see the guys back in action , and it reminds me of what popcorn movies were made of .
The arrival of former football star Vinnie Jones as panto henchman Lester Clark offers Escape Plan its single source of tension . And only if you bet which muscleman will predictably give Hollywood 's most unlikely imposter the biggest kicking of his life .
Nothing here is as clever as it is desperately trying to be , but Stallone and Schwarzenegger are game to give us a good time .
Escape Plan is the newest vehicle for aging action stars Sylvester Stallone and Arnold Schwarzenegger and , in this case , it 's a lemon or possibly an Edsel .
Stallone 's third-wind career is n't damaged while Schwarzenegger 's comeback is certainly helped , playing burly second banana to a cagey ape , the George Kennedy for Cool Hand Sly .
Fans of '80s and '90s action films should revel in its awesome nostalgia .
Like the best action movies of this kind , Escape Plan is dumb fun .
Despite its faults , Escape Plan whips up enough nostalgic fun from two hard-hitting action heroes who have n't completely forgotten how to hammer an audience with gratuitous thrills .
Barely fresh . Stallone . Schwarzenegger . In the same movie . Let the debate rage over who is the worst actor . And somewhere in all that bad acting is an equally bad plot .
Stallone and Schwarzenegger are a couple of likeable old galoots , but they do n't have much chemistry here .
A shoddy , silly , testosterone-fueled action film throwback , which teeters between clever self parody and an embarrassingly bad attempt to create an actual action blockbuster .
Stallone spoils the dumb-fun mood . He wears the stoical gaze of someone who knows he 's being buried alive .
Try not to think too hard about it , and Escape Plan is stupid , stupid fun .
You watch `` Escape Plan '' because it 's fun to see Stallone and Schwarzenegger palling around . Not fun enough , though .
Not perfect , but it 's a fun-filled eighties-style action throwback that should delight fans of both icons .
Sylvester Stallone and Arnold Schwarzenegger are relentlessly likeable , even when serving up plot and dialogue that would have been trampled on the writer 's room floor of `` Knight Rider '' circa 1985 .
With dumb action at its core that feels a quarter of a century past its prime , Escape Plan fails to be a breakthrough hit even though Arnold is able to get to the chopper .
Escape Plan is an action film with no edge , no real thrills and no reason to exist . Skip it , unless you are a diehard Schwarzenegger fan .
Schwarzenegger misses no opportunity to be hilarious . How many actors can make you chuckle even when they 're being waterboarded ?
Stallone still struggles to recapture the heroic prowess of his youth , but Schwarzenegger 's having the time of his life as Sly 's comic foil .
As Hollywood vehicles for aging action stars go , it 's at least serviceable . Of course it 's ridiculous , but what else would you expect ?
A mildly amusing , if ultimately pointless prison-break thriller from Mikael Håfström .
You can forgive a lackluster script and so-so acting if the action is top-notch , but that level of frenetic escapism is never reached here . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
As we pause in anticipation of Oscar season , it 's nice to have some good dumb fun to keep us company .
As intriguing as it is to see Stallone and Schwarzenegger together , it fails to measure up to the better films in the genre , offering only moments of fun here and there .
The film has a clever premise and , until a predictably generic climax , follows through on it with a neat if faulty logic .
Creaking and chugging with testosterone-laden , tough-guy violence , they 're lumbering lunkheads .
You know not to expect something deep and meaningful when a movie stars Stallone and Schwarzenegger , and indeed this is pretty much what we expect : a slick thriller that 's utterly preposterous but not quite stupid .
This is the action version of those movies with ensemble casts of older British actors being adorably British together .
Escape Plan is cotton candy cinema , and about as architecturally substantial . It 's a brisk two hours spent with a couple of VCR-era legends ... executed with enough gumption to make the film a fun if frivolous escape .
Features two action hero workhorses from the 1980s , but the film 's decrepit script is the only throwaway relic in this otherwise entertaining action thriller .
Most of the time , it veers between dumb -LRB- the entire concept -RRB- to dumber : Breslin says , `` I did n't see that coming , '' and members of the audience called out , `` We did ! ''
If this were twenty years ago , Escape Plan would be pretty awesome . Oh wait , no it would n't .
More banter and character interest would have livened things up but it 's a solid action thriller that shows the stars are still prepared to sweat it even if the pay cheques boast a few less zeroes .
It 's preposterous , but that is not to say there are n't things to admire - and Stallone is never less than watchable , if frequently less than intelligible .
Escape Plan is set in an ultra-modern prison , but it 's fossilized entertainment .
All in all , `` Escape Plan '' does what it sets out to do .
What do aging action stars do in their retirement ? Nothing . Because they never retire .
It 's not a movie about two old guys who come back , but a straight-ahead action movie meant to be taken on its own terms .
`` Escape Plan '' is mostly a gray , thudding metal machine of throwback exploitation , but the goateed , goofy Ah-nold is so happy to be in the thick of an old-school bruiser again that he makes it feel like the dumb-fun flashback party it is .
Stallone and Schwarzenegger are stuck doing the best they can with a script that was clearly intended for very different types of performers , and that is n't quite as clever as it thinks it is .
Breeze to watch , easy to digest , but there 's a nagging feeling that it could 've been something special had the production slashed its own brake lines .
`` Escape Plan '' does n't aim high , but it delivers , providing the brute force entertainment values we expect from B movies .
Schwarzenegger seems to be the only one here who correctly takes the film as a lark .
On the plus side , Sylvester Stallone and Arnold Schwarzenegger are canny survivors who know a thing or two about commanding a screen . They make Escape Plan a guilty pleasure for much of its running time .
While it 's fun to remember '80s popcorn-movie thrills , fully recapturing those thrills might be impossible .
Finally , a Stallone / Schwarzenegger film that is n't completely beneath them .
Decidedly grey pulp , never quite distinctive enough to merit anything more than a tardy , generally unmemorable DVD viewing .
Just do n't get your hopes up .
This paean to 80 's action movies ... may not always make the most of sense but it 's pairing of Stallone with a joyful , even twinkly Arnold Schwarzenegger is a real kick for those who remember those films and their stars fondly .
`` Escape Plan 's '' totally unstylish production design somehow seems less cinematic than real life . A script with zingers including `` You hit like a vegetarian '' does n't exactly pump up the excitement either .
Watchable prison thriller that 's given an extra boost by the Stallone/Schwarzenegger pairing , though you probably would n't bother if they were n't in it .
Even if this heavyweight clash had come 30 years earlier , it 'd still be a stinker .
A dim anti-privatization parable that preaches a familiar strain of cynical , unchallenged self-righteousness in the face of widespread abuse of civil liberties .
It 's silly and sleazy but not completely without imaginative energy ...
While predictable and silly , `` Escape Plan '' is by far the most enjoyable Stallone film in years - it 's pure , dopey escapism .
Throughout `` Escape Plan , '' there 's a sense that the filmmakers know what we want from a Stallone/Schwarzenegger movie and exactly how to deliver it .
Do n't expect this film to restart any careers ; if anything , it will remind people why a couple of prominent ones ended .
They 're self-assured , self-aware icons having fun in the middle of an unapologetically dumb , problematically pokey movie .
Even before Escape Plan arrives at this historic first meeting between Rambo and the Terminator , Jason Keller 's and Miles Chapman 's deficient screenplay has already stretched the boundaries of common sense to extremes .
Apart from the curious political subtext , it 's mostly a standard-issue innocent-man-breaking-out-of-jail movie , enlivened primarily by Schwarzenegger 's sense of abandon .
This latest pairing of the two aging macho superstars actually has a functioning intelligence . And a sense of humor . Oh , and do n't worry . Its violence quotient is everything fans of muscle-bound cinema could ask for .
With a tighter plot and slightly more knowing craftsmanship , this might have worked , but Swedish director Mikael Hafström is n't really the man to poke fun with any sophistication at his stars ' well-established personas .
A reinvention of Jurassic Park from the perspective of the dinosaurs !
It 's a shame it took these guys 30 years to team-up . Better late than never .
A dumb , sloppy thriller that probably would have been a disappointment even in 1988 .
Vintage Sly and Ahhnuld-styled actioner . Not great , but for what it is , not bad either .
For the financially savvy Arnie 'n' Sly it 's not so much escape plan ... as pension plan .
Mercifully free of tongue-in-cheek meta-humor , `` Escape Plan '' is a likably lunkheaded meat-and-potatoes brawler that never pretends to be more sophisticated than it is ...
Escape Plan has its moments of retro fun but mostly lumbers along making limited use of its marquee names .
They just do n't make 'em like this anymore , and it 's a good thing , too .
A relic the 80s , an action flick era well into its fourth decade .
for two guys who have both fought their way out of tougher , stupider , higher-concept ideas than this one , and looked better while doing it , `` Escape Plan '' suggests they may be trapped more by the past than any sort of tangible prison .
These two enormously watchable old-school heroes deserve better .
For a long stretch of the second act the film feels like doing a long stretch , but Schwarzenegger 's having a ball as Stallone goes through the motions .
Escape Plan ... promises more than it delivers . It 's disposable , even expendable , hokum .
A highly enjoyable slice of in-one-eye , out-the-other nonsense . It may coast on the charisma of its leads at times , and it 's hardly deep , but there 's a Friday night to be had .
Manages to salvage the flagging ` geriaction ' genre with plenty of old school laughs and thrills .

@highlight

As much fun as it is to see Sylvester Stallone and Arnold Schwarzenegger team up onscreen , Escape Plan fails to offer much more than a pale imitation of 1980s popcorn thrills .