Narco Cultura is about a `` disturbingly glorified conflict '' that no one is paying attention to and how pop culture functions in society and in commerce . For people who care , it is a film not to be missed .
Narco Cultura is a wake-up call to anyone who does n't understand the genesis of corrido music .
However you come at it , it seems that the perpetual slaughter south of the border is an American export product , paid for and fine-tuned by American self-indulgence .
Narco Cultura is terrifying , and impossible to forget .
Half of this film is a great , unforgettable look at the bloodiest battle ground in the War on Drugs . The other half is a muddled , almost pointless exploration of a subject that has very little to do with the great half .
-LSB- A -RSB- t times , his aesthetic is so strong that you forget the gruesome images are real and not the product of some Hollywood film .
Right out of the headlines , `` Narco Cultura '' is a documentary that offers insights into the world of drugs and music , north and south of the U.S.-Mexico border .
This documentary film opens with grim scenes of blood and death , and it does n't get any better after that .
Photojournalist Shaul Schwarz 's powerful documentary Narco Cultura gets inside the world of two men who , in very different ways , inhabit this horror .
It 's impossible to watch Shaul Schwarz 's grueling documentary about the Mexican drug wars and their influence on the whole of Mexican society without wondering how on earth such a hell on earth could have erupted right in our back yard .
This issue-based journalism piece yields diminishing returns the deeper it digs .
An eye-opening examination of Mexico 's blood-soaked drug war and its unsettling pop-culture side effects , Narco Cultura is as overwhelming as it is absorbing .
This haunting documentary contrasts songs saluting Mexican drug lords as heroic bandits with the harrowing reality of life in murder-stained Juarez .
This dispassionate but devastating film looks at the drug wars from two very different but chillingly complementary perspectives .
Schwartz does n't flinch with his camera . `` Narco Cultura '' contains footage that is deeply disturbing on a number of levels .
Tubas , accordions and beheadings . Hmmm ...
After watching `` Narco Cultura , '' it 's hard to imagine any `` recreational '' user of pot wondering whether the joint he or she just smoked is n't soaked in human blood .
`` Narco Cultura '' aims to tell the story of what 's happened in Juarez and in Mexico -LRB- and , by virtue of its immense appetite for drugs , the U.S. -RRB- . Instead , it feels more like a couple of intriguing chapters .
The soundtrack of your death .
Mexico 's drug war has spawned death and destruction rivaling the largest military conflicts and the show is just beginning .
The Mexican drug wars have claimed approximately 60,000 lives in the last six years . You can purchase the soundtrack on iTunes .
`` Narco Cultura '' shows us two nations locked in an expensive and destructive war whose only winners are the politicians , police chiefs and drug lords , and whose losers lie in marble tombs and paupers ' graves all over Mexico .
Although it would have benefited from some expert testimony , the film does capture the Mexican equivalent of gangsta rap .
... Narco Cultura is gripping , gruesome and arresting ; a disquieting look a pop -LRB- sub -RRB- - culture phenomenon that is mushrooming all over the United States and Latin America .
... uneven but compelling , as it examines the severity of the Mexican drug war while indirectly making an argument for strong border security .
A lot of documentaries are hopeless , but here - with a purely observational and clinical approach - the despair and lack of optimism becomes a kind of sick joke .
The people in this documentary are beautiful , funny , flawed , desperate , intelligent , deluded ... In other words , it never forgets that these are questions for all of us .
There is nothing here that has n't been more thoroughly documented in other studies of the drug-related crime that grips Juárez .
The beat goes on . The dead stack up .
`` I think we can be the next hip hop , '' boasts a narcocorrido impresario , who 's surely kidding himself .
South of the border , the constant terror of bloody battles over drugs and territory has influenced music , movies and a level of star worship . But the glimpses we get here are a bit listless .
Narco Cultura shows in fascinating detail how these merciless killers who have taken over the city have become Robin Hood-style folk heroes .
Shaul Schwarz 's cinema vérité style pulls no punches . There is much to be taken away from this disturbing documentary . Nightmares may follow .
Both an unflinching record of Mexico 's drug war and an investigation of how violence becomes unreal and glamorized .
A potent encapsulation of how fame and finance beget fear and grief .
The impression left by Narco Cultura , a brave and despairing documentary , is much grimmer still : This is a war the cartels have already decisively won , but it just keeps on escalating .
Ping-ponging between grisly South of the Border carnage and Angeleno musician Edgar Quintero 's growing success as one of the subgenre 's stars , you start to see how this parasitic relationship works .
The breadth of director Shaul Schwarz 's documentary Narco Cultura is staggering .
Director Shaul Schwarz , sans judgment , presents us with two men who epitomize how accepted and engrained narco culture has become in Mexico .
We leave the theater pondering the director 's implied question , `` Why are so many innocent people in Mexico and the U.S. glorifying criminals who have murdered 60,000 Mexicans since 2006 ? ''
Fascinating , bizarre , and beautifully shot , but if I have one criticism , it 's that I feel like I left with more questions than answers . Maybe it 's the material , maybe it 's the messenger , probably it 's both . Either way , it 's a must-watch .

@highlight

Disturbing , thought-provoking , and timely , Narco Cultura sheds some crucial light on an important -- and underserved -- subject .