Invictus is Eastwood in full Stanley Kramer/Richard Attenborough mode , playing down to the Americans who love cheesy triumphant-sports movies but who generally know little about South Africa and care even less .
... tremendously powerful performances ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Morgan Freeman 's portrayal of Nelson Mandela creates a superb moment in time on the movie screen .
Invictus , like every good Eastwood film , is complexity by way of transparency .
The attraction of the film lies not in any surprise but in Morgan Freeman as Mandela -- so pitch perfect that the line between actor and archival is thin .
Invictus tells the tale in the standard Hollywood way
Is it schmaltzy ? A little . Is it good anyway ? Yes . It 's not trying to reinvent the wheel but it understands what it is and that the best place to put its focus is not the rugby field .
Invictus hits all the right formula notes of both the biopic and the underdog sports movie , making it impossible to hate . He also hits those notes so insistently and with such a lack of grace that he makes it a difficult movie to like .
A narrative divide that never quite comes together , despite some truly uplifting moments . And seems unable to decide whether it wants to be a sports movie or a political biopic . Invictus : Or rather , ` I am the rugby captain of Mandela 's soul . '
Despite hewing fairly closely to the facts , has trouble seeming truthful . Practically everyone behaves like an allegorical symbol rather than a person , a problem the script anticipates and acknowledges but only feebly attempts to solve . -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB-
... less a film than a memorial : handsome , stately , well-meaning and dramatically inert .
At its very essence a classically Hollywood , ultra-populist , inspirational underdog sports movie -- and a well executed one at that .
This amalgamation of inspirational themes cuts a new notch on Eastwood 's well-used viewfinder .
... a polished , well-made , and unaffectedly inspiring motion picture about an inspiring individual and an inspiring victory .
Not one of Eastwood 's best , but at times the story is quite moving . And , you ca n't help but cherish the performance by Morgan Freeman as Nelson Mandela . Nicely done , Morgan . Paul Chambers , CNN .
Freeman 's Mandela is deeply flawed , single-minded when it comes to his job , and has a way with one-liners . In short , he 's an Eastwood hero .
The half that 's good involves watching Morgan Freeman hitting not only the cadences of Mandela 's oratory but the Gandhi-like calm of the man .
A noble and compassionate work that in its later scenes manages successfully to invest our emotions in the triumph of an important - if overlong ! - sporting victory .
It 's possibly Damon 's most impressive major role to date .
Invictus may be a rather cheesy way into the story of South Africa , but in the end you 're glad it 's there for a new generation to whom the words `` Free Nelson Mandela '' are history .
A monolithic sporting saga that seems content to pose on the podium , lulled by the belief that its subject matter provides inspiration enough .
Invictus is undone by its own overindulgence , turning a unifying moment of celebration and clarity into an underwhelming piece of cinematic cliché .
Freeman 's performance is a fine tribute to Mandela , perfectly capturing his grin , posture and unbreakable upbeatness .
As you 'd expect from Eastwood and this cast , it 's got quality written all over it .
A battle waged in the hearts and minds is always likely to be far more inspiring than explosion-heavy scuffles in the street , but as shown here , that does n't necessarily translate into captivating movie magic .
An undeniably stirring , if predictable , account of how Nelson Mandela turned the Springbok team into a unifying force for his country . Non-rugby fans may find their patience tested , but Freeman 's magisterial performance carries it .
The strange marriage is conservatively boxed - as a director Eastwood is a master craftsman , but no visionary - but oddly effective .
As Mandela , Morgan Freeman is suitably statesman-like and makes light of a difficult accent to give a convincing performance . Less convincing but still serviceable is Matt Damon .
Eastwood 's biopic is unconventional only in that it wisely does not attempt to tell Mandela 's whole life story . Instead , it seizes on his rarest qualities , thus creating a moving tribute to a genuinely great humanitarian .
79-year-old Clint Eastwood delivers yet another tub-thumping classic - a sports drama that 'll have all but the most cynical cheering from their seats .
The story is so perfect for cinema you have to remind yourself it actually happened .
Like Cry Freedom without the laughs . Morgan Freeman plays Nelson Mandela in a pious , bromidic , wet-all-over film that slops from triumph to set-piece triumph .
The problem is not one of factual accuracy ; it is one of dramatic credibility , stymied all the way through by the remorseless sanctification of its subject .
A solid , slightly old-fashioned drama .
It 's a stirring watch but it 's telling that the performances , not the film itself , have captured the Academy 's attention .
In films like this , nobody is ever in two minds about anything . Nobody is ever out of character . And that is a deficiency in the screenwriting that pays too little heed to the source material .
It 's still a great film though - expertly mixing a political biopic and an underdog sports movie together , which under a less sure hand could have turned out like The Mighty Ducks coached by George W .
An enjoyable slice of solid entertainment that falls short of being a movie of greatness .
Eastwood hits all the right notes in exactly the right order , but it 's his least personal film for a while .
You 're likely to leave Invictus with a few nagging questions
Invictus does leave you feeling oddly satisfied , but it 's a very fleeting satisfaction , perhaps because its rainbow nation conclusion immediately starts to ring hollow once the euphoria of the triumphant sports movie ending subsides .
Another superb humanist drama from Eastwood .
Like most of -LSB- Eastwoods -RSB- recent output , it 's a lame-as-anything exercise in obvious moral moviemaking that uses a couple of great performances to cover up the fact that it 's actually completely by-the-numbers .
A solid retelling of an undeniably inspirational story but it 's unforgivably bland in places .
A solid but flawed film -- Freeman 's charmingly disarming portrayal keeps it real .
The film serves as a reminder that no matter how dire the circumstances , truly remarkable change is possible .
With Invictus , Eastwood gets his message across in much the same way as the South African special forces -- he beats us over the head with it .
Um filme menor e falho sobre uma figura que certamente merecia uma obra mais digna de sua trajetória .
While an admirable exercise in by-the-book filmmaking , it nevertheless lacks emotional depth .
Como retrato de un período histórico trascendental , Invictus es superficial y simplificadora . Pero como reivindicación del espíritu humano y del poder unificador del deporte , sale victoriosa y emociona .
Eastwood is one of the most reliable and assured directors working today and like most of his films Invictus combines his disciplined approach to filmmaking with his calm desire to not rush proceedings in order to allow the story to leisurely unfold .
Perhaps the greatest testament to Eastwood 's directorial skill is that such an unattractive , brutish game could serve as an uplifting symbol of communal harmony and renewed national spirit .
As a story about political change , it 's fascinating . And as an Eastwood film , it 's perhaps less than we have come to expect .
While the film is not quite in the same league as Eastwood 's finest works of the past decade , it is still to be admired for telling quite a complex tale in such a clear and compelling manner .
Eastwood seems to inherently know that even in a big story , it 's the intimate moments that hold everything together , and he is never overwhelmed by the size of the story .
If only Eastwood had been more ambitious with the drama , and more imaginative with the rugby scenes .
Quirks of accents aside , Invictus is an uplifting film . Its African-inspired soundtrack is spot on , too . So , go ahead -- it 'll make your day .
A gripping , moving , sobering and highly entertaining film
There 's nothing superficial about this thrilling and powerful feel-good film that transcends genres and soars as high as our hearts will fly
What Eastwood has done is to assemble a cast of American and South African actors and allow them to create something moving , exciting , and improbably true .
This blend of Great Man biopic and underdog sports rouser is spacious and laidback , light on pious cathedral lighting and inescapable Obama parallels
Invictus succeeds in making one sympathize with and root for Mandela ; it does not succeed as a thrilling film-going experience , as it well could have .
If only life were that simple
Eastwood 's austere direction is always this close to tumbling into dullness , but he 's got two strong leads to keep Invictus alert and alive .
Terrific acting but the film at large suffers from pacing problems , perhaps deciding midstream what it wanted to be about .
On the flip side , both Damon and Freeman deliver exemplary performances , and even if the accents are n't perfect the way they dig deep inside their respective characters certainly is .
Freeman is great as Mandela , but picture loses focus and becomes a pretty lousy rugby movie .
a moving testament to forgiveness and redemption .
A movie based on a lie . Within a year of the Springbok victory promoted by Eastwood as bringing whites and blacks together , the team was up to its old racist ways .
A deeply flawed but still impressive sports epic , which follows an unimaginative and by-the-numbers first 90 minutes with one of the most expertly staged sports sequences ever committed to film .
The script is a steaming pile of schmaltz and sports clichés , and Morgan Freeman and Matt Damon stumble through without any energy , but with plenty of butchered accents .
The film seems determined to show us the uplifting side of the post-apartheid era , and that just feels like a whitewash , pun intended .
ne samo politi % u010Dki , nego i zanatski korektan film
Like the pseudo biopic on Mandela , the rugby half is both shallow and generic , qualities echoed by the horrendously mawkish theme song ` Colorblind ' that is enough to make Invictus seem like a parody of an inspirational film .
A hopeful look at how humanity can be brought together by something as simple , and as complicated , as sports , ` Invictus ' is one of the finest movies of the year .
On paper , the movie 's plot sounds clichéd and forced , and while the film is tainted with elements of each , the good news is that it 's overwhelmed by neither .
I do n't like important movies anyway . Once you set out to be important , I do n't buy it .
even if it sometimes simplifies the historical issues in favor of uncomplicated multiplex feel-good uplift , it 's hard not to get swept up in the joy
Standard inspirational sports movie given added weight by Mandela 's wisdom and his political courage , and the historical significance of his presidency .
Simpliflies complicated South African issues to the level of a Berenstain Bears storybook .
Like the poem from which it takes its title , it suffers not from any obvious technical flaws but from a failure of tone and perspective . It 's a sermon , not a story .
Solid , unsurprising , formalist filmmaking of the kind we 've come to expect from Clint Eastwood .
A pretty darn satisfying but undemanding story about politics , sports , and men doing their jobs as best they can .
Clint Eastwood scores again with this tale of Mandela and his idea to bring unity to South Africa through rugby . Morgan Freeman and Matt Damon provide the acting clout while Eastwood shapes the direction of the film .
A modest , self-effacing movie about extraordinary events that chronicles one battle in Nelson Mandela 's war against the past that threaten to destroy post-apartheid South Africa before it can find its feet .
Eastwood directs all this with skill if not overwhelming urgency , delivering a classy , sincere , meticulously crafted picture .
Morgan Freeman 's role in Invictus is a universe away from his role in Lean on Me , even if both characters turn around troubled institutions .
Slow , and subtle , smiling brightly , the picture wins audiences with the charm of Mandela , but descends into a bland film about rugby .
Obama could use a Rugby World Cup . Something to unite his disaffected nation .
Morgan Freeman makes for a remarkable Nelson Mandela .
Feels like we 're watching Mr. Rogers run a country . Freeman 's Mandela smiles politely and wants everyone to be his neighbor . While that may be real , Eastwood never makes it seem interesting
As Nelson Mandela , Morgan Freeman functions as a South African version of Charlie Chan , spouting fortune cookie-style wisdom in an appropriately wily manner that disarms the racial agitation of black and white foes alike .
I 'll admit that I was kinda nervous that Invictus would be more melodramatic than the fallout of Tiger Woods accidentally over-tipping an Applebee 's waitress ...
The story is just a little too straightforward and predictable with Eastwood apparently too anxious to concentrate on too much detail of the final game .
Everyone loves a David and Goliath tale or one where the underdog gets a real chance ; Invictus is such a story .
Director Clint Eastwood turns a remarkable true story into an unremarkable film with Invictus
This inspiring film is a dramatic history lesson about quality leadership and the power of forgiveness .
... every sports movie cliche , combined it with a relatively revealing look at the early days of the Nelson Mandela administration ...
When you attend a movie directed by Clint Eastwood , you feel like you are in the presence of greatness .
On the one hand , Invictus is a serviceable sports flick , but on the other , it 's a heartfelt true story of one great leader 's unyielding quest to unite his country .
Eastwood ... tell -LSB- s -RSB- one of the tritest and overused of sports movie plots : the scrappy underdog team that has to win the big game . Ah , but context is everything .
things get really schmaltzy near the end , and without caring about the sport of rugby , I was extremely bored with the over-long and drawn-out climax of the movie
Invictus should n't feel like just another sports movie ; it should feel like a life movie . What a missed opportunity .
Eastwood would have done everyone in the audience a favor if he had employed subtitles .
It should certainly give moviegoers a greater appreciation for Nelson Mandela than any history book ever could , and that alone may be Eastwood 's greatest achievement of his directing career .
Invictus is not a bad movie . It 's quite a good movie , in fact . It is simply not a great movie , and , unfortunately for it , expectations were high .
So earnest that it borders on hagiography , Clint Eastwood 's Invictus remains a powerful slice of history that will leave you amazed at the decency of which we are capable .
The overwhelmingly earnest Invictus is not your typical sports movie .
Freeman-as-Mandela is an actor all dressed up with no place to go -- at least , nowhere we did n't already know he was headed .
The story of how Nelson Mandela chose the white-supported national rugby team , the Springboks , to become a symbol of national reconciliation is uncharacteristically optimistic for Eastwood .
-LSB- T -RSB- he epitome of Hollywood filmmaking in ways both good and bad : uplifting , overlong , ambitious in scope but simple in moral vision , well-crafted but inured to irony .
There 's absolutely no reason to hate Invictus . But there 's also not a lot to love .
A work of flawed majesty .
The results do n't quite achieve inspiration , but it 's still powerful stuff .
Eastwood makes moving pictures that seldom collapse under the burden of sentiment . He has a muscular understanding of how kernels of wisdom need n't become caramel corn .
It 's an exciting sports movie , an inspiring tale of prejudice overcome and , above all , a fascinating study of political leadership .
The movie works , maybe because of all the easily digestible lessons of racial tolerance and sports movie cliches .
The crazy glue that holds Invictus together is the beyond flawless performance from Morgan Freeman as Mandela . His performance is better than the entire movie .
An intelligent crowd-pleaser anchored by an Oscar-worthy performance from Freeman and directed with invigorating gusto by one of our top film pros .
Anthony Peckham 's script is formulaic , woodenly reverent , and devoid of real dramatic tension .
Inspiring tale about Mandela , rugby , and national pride .
Inspiring messages about equality , forgiveness and understanding resonate thanks to Clint Eastwood 's deft hand and standout performances by Morgan Freeman and Matt Damon .
A product of his ruthless narrative efficiency is Eastwood 's useful -LRB- and often very successful -RRB- habit of sacrificing story for sentiment .
Those looking for a more in-depth , probing account of Mandela 's complicated life might wish to look elsewhere . Invictus is an absorbing , jubilant tale about the healing power of sport .
When 's the last time you saw a sports movie in which there was n't a voiceover from some chatty announcer explaining every single play that 's happening on the field ?
You wo n't regret seeing Invictus , but it will not become the captain of your soul .
Loses steam in its last half-hour , but it has obvious virtues -- and it feels heartfelt , a generous elder 's film about a generous elder 's bequest to the world .
... suspension of disbelief is strained to its limits by portentous dialogue which , in overuse , dilutes its potency .
INVICTUS works better than it deserves to as an old fashioned , predictable entertainment . In another filmmaker 's hands the Capra-corn would be just too much .
Invictus is n't a bad movie , but it 's not nearly the rousing success it could have been .
The inspirational story is better than the overall product , which contains mediocre performances and an annoyingly long ending . Invictus is a great rental .
Another understated gem from director Clint Eastwood .
Rather than his usual intensity , economy of style and a no-nonsense depiction of strong characters , Eastwood 's film is akin to a lumbering rugby player pounding the same ground over and over again .
Risks dullness and embraces preachiness to pursue an idea that is given lip service by politicians but is rarely addressed in motion pictures : ` How do we inspire ourselves to greatness ? '
While far from subtle -LRB- Eastwood rarely is -RRB- , `` Invictus '' possesses an unmistakable air of dignity .
Morgan Freeman takes on Mandela 's mannerisms with grace . He nails the self-assuredness , the ease with which the inspiring leader emerged from the twinkling , low-key charmer .
Not only is Invictus a well-acted , well-directed story of a remarkable man , but it also illustrates how sports can be a salve to a wounded community .
Is there even any point in mentioning that Freeman gives a dignified performance ? He 's practically playing the concept of Dignity . - NERVE.COM
Morgan Freeman does n't play Mandela as much as inhabit the man , in a performance that seems to embody the very transcendence that Mandela himself has come to stand for .
Depicts an unlikely intersection of sports and leadership in ways that manage to be inspiring and insightful without ever becoming schmaltzy or preachy .
It 's not a great film , but parts of it are outstanding .
Although Freeman was born to play Mandela , this is not the Mandela he deserves .
Eastwood 's modest approach to these momentous events shames the usual Hollywood showboating . In a rare achievement , he 's made a film that truly is good for the soul .
For a picture with so much invested in its staunch sense of social justice , Invictus ultimately goes down not as medicine but as entertainment .
What we get is a larger metaphor about change that is as adaptable now to our current Commander-In-Chief as it is to many difficult transitions throughout history .
It 's never less than worthy and entertaining , but the importance of Invictus does n't broaden as it goes along . It narrows .
Without looking it up , I 'm guessing the title is Latin for drudgery .
As always , Eastwood brings solid craftsmanship to the proceedings , with direction that allows the actors to breathe while remaining alert to small details that speak of greater wisdom .
A win-win situation in which a mainstream feature works equally well as stirring entertainment and a history lesson about a remarkable convergence of sports and statesmanship .
Morgan Freeman 's performance as Nelson Mandela in Invictus is , like Clint Eastwood 's film as a whole , constructed of deliberate decisions and never feels false .
Eastwood , who will be 80 next year , understands the flow of narrative in a way younger directors might envy .
There is only one word needed to sum up Invictus -- underwhelming . While the historically significant story is certainly worthy of a film adaptation , Invictus is little more than a clichéd sports drama , and a rather stale one at that .
It 's a little disappointing that the first major film about Nelson Mandela is n't about Nelson Mandela . But Invictus is a different sort of movie and a good one .
A valuable look at an important slice of recent history .
Like The Bad News Bears but with much higher stakes .
As usual , Mr. Eastwood tells his story with a quiet grace and reverence .
While Invictus is certainly representative of the quality we 're used to seeing from the four-time Oscar winner , it 's not one of his stronger films .
This is not Eastwood 's finest film , but its still a well made and moving film , and a fascinating and true story .
Despite a captivating-as-always performance by Morgan Freeman , -LSB- it -RSB- ends up rather dull and underwhelming while lacking enough sharp attention on the dynamics of Mandela 's friendship with Francois Pienaar off of the rugby field .
This hybrid , pleasant and inoffensive though it is , offers neither the insight of a good biopic nor the elation of a good sports drama .
As directed by Clint Eastwood , `` Invictus '' is an inspirational story about fortitude , spirit and reconciliation .
-LSB- Flows -RSB- with a simplicity that is almost childlike in its optimism .
There 's a lot to cram into one movie , and Anthony Peckham 's script is fairly simplistic , but Eastwood is as skilled a director as any working today .
What it really boils down to is I wanted a Mandela movie with a little rugby and got a rugby movie with a little Mandela .
Overcomes the heavy-handed means of reaching its goal ... simply because Freeman believes every word and owns every sentiment that the Mandela of the film expounds , and we believe it right along with him .
It 's not exactly Tweeter-material to say that Freeman has maintained a high standard of acting excellence for decades , but he truly delivers a memorable performance that channels Mandela expertly from his tone to posture and dignified grace .
Inspirational albeit conventional sports film from Clint Eastwood , with terrific work from Morgan Freeman and Matt Damon .
Parental Content Review
A surprisingly nimble and low-key treatment of a story that could have easily be blown up into a portentous drag
Respectful , dignified , and a little dull .
Pulls out all the stops in its pursuit to become one of the year 's most unlikely worst films .
Directed flawlessly by Clint Eastwood , `` Invictus '' is an uplifting story that will have you cheering in your seat .
We should be leaving the theater in awe of what was accomplished , but the movie feels too by-the-books and unfortunately does not leave a lasting impression .
It 's a film of big themes played out on a grand scale , a story of races and generations making an effort to connect .
After dealing with racism on a neighborhood level with his last film , `` Gran Torino , '' Clint Eastwood takes on the subject on a grand , political scale while also offering a partial portrait of Nelson Mandela , a role Eastwood vet Morgan Freeman owns .
-LSB- It is -RSB- a tangible and rousing reminder of those rare and fleeting moments when things turn out for the best , and its optimism about finding common ground is contagious .
Eastwood , tackling a sports movie very different from Million Dollar Baby , paces the action beautifully , right up to one white-knuckle moment late in the film -LRB- involving a plane -RRB- when you suddenly realized how invested in the story you 've become .
It may look like a movie-of-the-week and it certainly has some wincingly bad musical passages , but Invictus is an entertaining movie about a masterful piece of political theater .
With apologies to William Ernest Henley , one might say that under the bludgeonings of Clint , Invictus emerges a little boring , but unbowed .
Invictus '' is only interested in South Africa and the challenges of reconciliation as a background setting and inspiring theme , not as a real place or a real problem ; it 's a thin , hollow shell designed expressly to be coated in Oscar gold .
Absorbing , often electric with the energy of the playing field , Invictus is packed with feel-good `` teachable moments '' without the sugary aftertaste .
Eastwood 's direction seems unsure and tentative , and the inclusion of a pop song -- the overbearing `` Colorblind '' -- is an obvious attempt to sell a few soundtrack discs .
Can a story on this scale function as compelling drama ? I actually think that 's what interests Eastwood the most here : the challenge of making historical figures move with the grace of remembered life .
Clint Eastwood brings his usual late-career leisureliness behind the camera to the movie , in an initially frustrating approach that becomes increasingly satisfying as the film moves along .
Neither biopic nor civil-rights melodrama , Invictus is a rich study of how wisdom , intellect and history are often most influential when they are sold with a price of admission
An astonishing and incredibly entertaining movie about the power of forgiveness , the importance of sports , the art of transformative leadership , and the reconciliation of the races .
Formulaically uplifting . More hagiography than biography , it winds up an inspirational tale told in an uninspired way .
Subtract the involvement of a historic figure and it 's just another sports flick .
Freeman goes only so far with a dialect , and the script barely gets into Mandela 's complexities , but the performance feels fresh and spontaneous . Damon is becoming one of the truest , most reliable actors of his generation .
The title may mean nothing to you , but the movie certainly will .
May not provide a challenging , electrifying night at the movies , but it 's sturdily constructed from top to bottom , depicting a benevolent story of racial discord and nationwide unification in an agreeably comfy , Eastwoodian manner .
On its face , this is your basic redemption-through-sports story . What makes it special is Eastwood 's ability to artfully and concisely tell a story , and Morgan Freeman 's wonderfully understated turn as South African President Nelson Mandela .
A strong piece of mass market filmmaking .
Invictus remains inspiring and educational , especially during this present time in America in which we are supposedly muddling our way into a post-racial society .
-LRB- Freeman -RRB- portrays Mandela more as a legend than as a man , a symbolic figure who is play-acting an already determined history rather than living in the uncertain moment .
With the unwavering assurance of a seasoned veteran at the top of his form , visionary director Clint Eastwood scores again with this brilliant , powerful , compelling underdog story .
This year 's contender for most mediocre Best Picture nominee .
It 's a bore , really -- a pedestrian movie about a remarkable subject .
Clint Eastwood , a master director , orchestrates all of these notes and has us loving Mandela , proud of Francois and cheering for the plucky Springboks . A great entertainment .
Eastwood , returning to race as a theme , has made a timely film about a nation of many races rallying around a leader who understands symbolism .
This is an almost too-inspirational story of the integrity and wisdom displayed by Nelson Mandela as he tried to unite his fractured nation . And Freeman was born for this role .
Thing is , it all actually happened .
For its sheer sweep and occasional smarts , Invictus is worth a look , but by no means should this triumph-of-the-underdog feel-gooder be considered a definitive history of South Africa 's historical transition of power .
Morgan Freeman gives a strong portrait of S. African pres. Mandela in a Clint Eastwood directed historical sports flick that does n't live up to the true story that inspired it .
-LSB- T -RSB- his elegant , deeply affecting film ... -LSB- is -RSB- about people 's capacity to change , which every once in a rare while -- as in the surprisingly nondisastrous South African revolution -- turns out to actually exist .
The rainbow nation starts here !
Even those unacquainted with rugby will be moved by the match itself , the sweat and blood and groans of the scrums and the torturous progress to an exhausting overtime victory .
Clint Eastwood has developed an almost ego-less directorial style that is quite remarkable . With Invictus , Eastwood 's got quite the story to tell .
The film 's speechifying is at times overexplicit , yet Freeman lets the words breathe , and Damon , as the cautious Afrikaner brought to a higher place by Mandela 's authority , acts with a
coolly impassive fervor .
Eastwood too often veers into trite territory , undercutting some of the story 's power . An unlikely World Cup run may be a soothing balm on a nation 's wounds , but it 's not a cure-all , no matter how inspiring it may be .
Eastwood bungles his subject .
Freeman , a thinking man 's actor , lets us into Mandela 's head without having to explain what he 's got on his mind .
Sure to spark many debates among movie buffs and historians ...
Invictus is stately , handsomely mounted , attentive to detail right down to the Marmite adorning the team 's breakfast buffet , and relentlessly conventional .
The film is flawed , rambling and much too long , but in the end it leaves the audience cheering .
Invictus is dripping with inspiration -- how to summon it , how to communicate it . Late in his career , Eastwood seems to be finding it everywhere .
The movie , directed by Clint Eastwood , has its corny moments , for sure , but it 's also powerful , full of conviction and one of the most inspiring movies of the year .
A disappointment . While not diminishing the father of South Africa , this is a tedious documentary-style bore . Eastwood 's Mandela is a very kind man , but we never get to really know him .
Invictus is caught in a rugby scrum between Clint 's good intentions and dull execution . I love the game , but am disappointed in the match .
Who 'd have thought that old Dirty Harry would , with Letters from Iwo Jima and Invictus , become America 's prime director of international trauma and triumph ?
The lapses fade in the face of such a soul-stirring story -- one that would be hard to believe if it were fiction .
I still do n't understand the sport in the least , but I completely understand everything that was accomplished according to the story , and what a great story it was .
Clint Eastwood 's films are often termed `` classical , '' a term that , with regard to Invictus , also suggests something close to stale .
Morgan Freeman 's brilliant performance as Nelson Mandela is the kind of transformation that Academy Award members aggressively reward come Oscar season .
Though too conventional in its presentation , the film makes us appreciate the wisdom and gentle discipline of Nelson Mandela in averting civil war in South Africa .
A painless , pleasant time at the cinema ... that you will likely forget within hours .
We applaud the final game but must leave the cheering to the on-screen fans .
An old-fashioned crowd-pleaser which is both a rousing sports movie and a testament to the nobility of Nelson Mandela , Invictus is another strong entry in Clint Eastwood 's fast-growing body of work .
Morgan Freeman renders an understated charismatic performance , immensely contributing to Eastwood 's factual inspirational tale , which among other merits serves as a tribute to the powerful role of sports and poetry in broader , divisive politics .
Seasoned vet that he is , Eastwood simplifies things with one hand and milks them with the other . Much the way Nelson Mandela , for the sake of his country , made sure he squeezed every drop of inspiration he could out of the Springboks .
It never hammers at its audience , which would have been incredibly easy to do with material like this . Eastwood 's touch is exactly what this subject matter needed .
Inspirational on the face of it , Clint Eastwood 's film has a predictable trajectory , but every scene brims with surprising details that accumulate into a rich fabric of history , cultural impressions and emotion .







@highlight

Delivered with typically stately precision from director Clint Eastwood , Invictus may not be rousing enough for some viewers , but Matt Damon and Morgan Freeman inhabit their real-life characters with admirable conviction .