This mix of issue film and character profile is , like its predecessor , glossy and digestible in its execution , a well-produced , informative , engaging and encouraging feature .
I admired An Inconvenient Truth and find its sequel even more powerful -LRB- and necessary -RRB- .
This documentary , with its slick graphics and quick re-editing , is a must-see because the issue of climate change goes beyond party lines and is again , like An Inconvenient Truth , a call for more science , not silence .
Let 's hope Gore does n't have to do another sequel . In a summer that features several superheroes on the screen , you can count the former Vice President as a member of that company .
The film is a polemic , not designed to be balanced , but thought-provoking . Your enjoyment of it may depend on what side of the argument you come down on , although climate change deniers are hardly likely to be watching this in the first place .
... a kind of environmental travelogue with `` the recovering politician '' and environmental activist Al Gore ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Once again , Al Gore manages to sneak into the depths of our feelings and beliefs to emphasize that there is no time to waste . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An Inconvenient Sequel : Truth to Power is A Must-See , Powerful Film
It delves into the fact that not enough work has been done to try to stop global warming . Shows that here 's also a reluctance on the part of different organizations to acknowledge the problem . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Regardless of some of the arguments that Cohen , Shenk , and Gore ca n't seem to zero in on , An Inconvenient Sequel is a documentary that everyone needs to see .
An Inconvenient Sequel : Truth to Power makes some important observations but its power is n't as strong as the original .
Al Gore ... launches a series of new ideas that although hopefully much more than an uncomfortable truth , also make it clear that the road is far from over . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An Inconvenient Sequel : Truth to Power '' is another lesson that we need to keep being reminded of about climate change .
The documentary works wonderfully as a primer for someone totally unaware of the gravity of the issue , and will reinforce the need for swift action for the ones in the know .
This is essentially a training video , calling viewers to activism with the slogan : ` If our leaders refuse to lead , our citizens will . ' If we could only plug our grid into Gore , we 'd have an inexhaustible supply of renewable energy .
An Inconvenient Sequel ... suffers from a surfeit of Gore , a lack of objectivity and a notable tardiness in making it to the big screen .
With An Inconvenient Sequel , it 's apparent Gore is tirelessly trying to build a sustainable movement . He 's pushing beyond the initial steps of dialogue and engagement .
A stinging rebuttal to all the deniers and detractors who tried to discredit the original Davis Guggenheim-directed film .
An Inconvenient Sequel emphasizes that the climate change movement is more than just `` Save the Trees . ''
An Inconvenient Sequel : Truth to Power shows that Gore has n't slacked off from bringing the message to the world that mankind is responsible for changes that , if left unchecked , will bring drastic changes to the world we live in .
Gore argues powerfully and effectively that if political and corporate lobbyists are not ignored , we will continue to witness extreme temperatures and apocalyptic natural disasters .
This movie does effectively show that the earth 's climate is changing and that human activities are the main cause , but the film seems to spend too much of its time lionizing Al Gore .
Yes , I loved this film . But these are partisan times . My fervent hope is that you will go and see it before you pick a side . And perhaps that when you vote this year you might spare a thought for the future of this planet we all share .
It 's not the most dazzling documentary , but the urgency of the issue is well-illustrated , and the power is placed firmly in the hands of the audience by the end .
So who is Al Gore 's follow-up to the Oscar-winning An Inconvenient Truth for ? As it turns out , very compellingly : you and me .
While some may cynically dismiss Gore 's presence at the heart of these films as self-aggrandising , there 's no doubting the sincerity and passion of the man , who if anything is even more impressive this time around .
It is most likely to preach to the converted and although Gore was right about too much 10 years ago , the film is not without hope .
Thanks to his membership of the international political jet set , this fly-on-the-wall stuff has moments of interest , but the portrait is far too reverent to be substantial journalism .
Whether one agrees with Gore 's assessment -- that businesses , local government and individuals can work towards the emission targets set in Paris regardless -- there 's no doubting his sincerity and passion .
Useful as a teaching tool , strictly functional as cinema .
The documentary is timely and frightening and , despite some technical missteps along the way by the filmmakers , worthy of a much needed watch .
The film is beautifully assembled with gorgeous footage from around the globe , vividly offering imagery to back up the scientific facts , accompanied by Gore 's narration , which carefully outlines the issue without blinding us with detail .
Truth to Power never becomes a lecture to bunk , even though it lacks the shock and awe of its predecessor .
Bless Al Gore and everything he stands for , but not every picture is worth a thousand words .
Throughout the film , which was largely shot during the 2016 Presidential campaign , the spectre of Trump looms ominously .
Given the monumental scariness of the original documentary , it 's striking how optimistic sections of this one are .
It reveals just how much more urgent the situation is , as global warming results in ever more extreme weather events .
Gore . -LRB- Hoo ! Yeah ! -RRB- What is he good for ? Making an impassioned , morally urgent case for action on climate change , say it again , y' all .
-LSB- Al -RSB- Gore 's bigger picture is flawed .
An Inconvenient Sequel : Truth to Power is a hugely effective lecture .
An Inconvenient Sequel simply does n't catch you up the way the original did .
Gore has a gift , here as in Inconvenient 1 , for making statistics enthral .
As Gore admits , he 's often tempted to give in to despair . Yet he goes on . Doggedness has its virtues .
An Inconvenient Sequel is skilfully put together . As in An Inconvenient Truth -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , lecture material is combined with Gore 's reflections on his own private and political life .
The message here is the same , but a decade on , Gore 's voice is harsher and more direct .
Railing against rising tides , Gore emerges as a cannier performer and a more compelling subject than he was in 2006 ; a message that sounded critical then has become no less urgent with time .
Would I still recommend `` An Inconvenient Sequel '' ? Sure , although I doubt there is much one could glean from this movie that could n't be obtained by rewatching `` An Inconvenient Truth . ''
Thought-provoking and oddly hopeful for a subject that seems so bleak .
A message of hope shines through this inspiring call for people to exercise their power .
Never preachy , always engaging , Al 's follow-up to his 2006 Oscar-winner paints a startling picture of a world in crisis .
This movie is n't really about waking people up to the issue - they already did . It 's trying to get people to re-engage on a topic they 've set aside , and that 's a much harder ask .
The true highlights here , of course , are when Gore conclusively demonstrates that climate change denying and deliberate disinformation is directly linked to vested financial interests .
Gore acknowledges early on that there is an unbridgeable ideological divide with climate change deniers , so An Inconvenient Sequel amounts to a monotonous minister preaching to a bored choir .
Gore 's new position is the subtitle to this film : today , he thinks , it 's even more important to speak truth to power .
Unfortunately , his new documentary , An Inconvenient Sequel : Truth to Power , just seems like more preaching to the choir .
Is a follow-up really warranted ? Oh yeah .
It was the best of times , it was the worst of times for climate change activists . Best of times because the use of renewable energy has been growing by leaps and bounds . Worst of times because - well , have you seen the news lately ?
Documentaries that are driven by passion always run the risk of side-lining facts and clear arguments in favour of emotional high points and grandiose virtue signalling . That is certainly the biggest failing of Inconvenient Sequel .
An Inconvenient Sequel does indeed speak truth to power , but the elephant in the room remains : The very powerful rarely pay attention to the utter truth .
Like many sequels , Truth To Power is bigger but messier than its predecessor . While it does n't quite deliver the oomph of the original , it is still a timely , persuasive wake-up call .
The Gore of today is unquestionably a man of conviction , which may help explain why he has become a warmer , more personable screen presence than he used to be .
Yes , the man has a message . But the man is not the message . There is too much at stake now to think otherwise .
The follow-up to An Inconvenient Truth is a documentary that advocates for the former VP 's magnanimity as much as it does for climate-change awareness .
This is a better film than its predecessor , but Cohen and Shenk are glorified worker ants , pointing and shooting their camera . There is yet again barely anything of any visual interest here nor do they seem to push Gore into challenging territories .
It 's nice to see that Gore continues to fight the good fight . And that , even as Earth continues to set one annual temperature record after another , the tide may be starting to turn .
Gore 's tenacity in the face of so many setbacks is hugely impressive . This is a man for whom the term indefatigable could have been coined .
While the film is worth watching because of the validity and importance of its subject matter and its message , this follow-up is not of the same calibre as the first movie as it does n't share the same tight narrative structure .
An impassioned follow-up -LSB- whose -RSB- impact is n't likely to match that of its predecessor , not only because a great many documentaries on the subject have appeared in the intervening years but because it inclines toward hagiography .
Shockingly upbeat .
The film is focused on Gore , but Gore is focused on the issues . He makes a convincing case -LRB- again -RRB- .
For those of us who need no convincing of the truth of man-made climate change , but find the problem too paralyzingly abstract , Gore 's workmanlike methods are both fascinating , encouraging , and , yes , even a little exciting .
Watching -LSB- An Inconvenient Sequel -RSB- is edifying and valuable , just not so much so to warrant anything more than a matinee ticket price .
Gore brings eloquence and humor to his interactions with scientists , politicians and citizens alike , evoking strong emotion in viewers .
Inconvenient Sequel is a piece of unabashed propaganda , complete with a social media recruitment pitch over the closing credits .
`` An Inconvenient Sequel '' is a more personal film , finding Gore in moments of self-reflection .
Gore is seen on the phone and in meetings with various figures , pushing toward a goal of saving the planet . `` The Avengers '' do it with intergalactic battles , Gore does it with an iPhone and a global travel itinerary .
The first step in convincing climate change skeptics is admitting some of those doom and gloom models were wrong . Gore just ca n't do that .
There 's more doom and gloom - but also hope for meaningful change - to be found in Al Gore 's followup to his Oscar-blessed 2006 doc that sounded the alarm about global warming .
Sequel is a validation of the earlier film 's projections , most of which show the biosphere much worse off than expected 11 years later .
Through it all , An Inconvenient Sequel presents Gore as a Don Quixote figure , rushing not at windmills but toward wind farms .
We 're left with a laughably forced ending : The Earth is getting hotter , but you can make a difference , as long as you attend Al Gore 's Climate Reality Leadership Corps training
-LSB- T -RSB- he end result feels like a runner taking a leisurely victory lap at the very start of a race , as the rest of his or her opponents sprint toward the finish line .
Some might see the film as lionizing Gore , but it 's a fascinating primer on how to engage and train citizen activists , from the grass roots to the corridors of power .
An informative documentary that 's certain to bolster awareness of an ongoing cause for alarm .
Directed in disjointed and sometimes unfocused fashion by Bonni Cohen and Jon Shenk , An Inconvenient Sequel : Truth to Power is nonetheless worth a viewing .
Gore does n't traffic in alarmist tones but cautionary warnings and possible fixes . He lays out his case like a kindly teacher who has been teaching this particular class in monotone for a long time .
Covers much of the same ground of the first film , but with a tone that feels , at times , midway between a sense of resignation and despair .
Unlike so many advocacy documentaries , this one lets the other side speak its piece . It also reminds viewers of the single biggest change since `` Truth '' : how much better organized and entrenched climate deniers have become .
No doubt you will be able to find articles explaining why seemingly clear proof of climate change is n't proof at all , but it looks pretty dramatic to me . But I 'm just the movie reviewer . Please , spare me your emails .
This doc does n't possess the power and sway of its urgent , articulate and motivational 2006 original doc .
When -LSB- the directors -RSB- abandon their gimmicks and just let Al Gore deliver data , Truth To Power shows us why his work remains utterly relevant and tragically necessary .
Truth to Power does n't want to drown viewers in data , but more fact-finding would have helped the movie 's purported message of progress and hope .
Just as raw information , this is interesting stuff , and it 's amplified by Gore 's delivery , a unique mix of self-deprecating folksiness , geekiness and evangelical zeal .
While not as powerful as its predecessor , An Inconvenient Sequel : Truth to Power is a compelling documentary .
Truth to Power sprawls when it most needs to focus , diluting the power punch of the original with too much bobbing and weaving . But it 's hard to argue that the crusade is n't still vital .
Gore has returned with all his PowerPoint gusto to remind everyone that climate change is still here and ca n't be ignored
A progress report of sorts from Al Gore , the message of which , in essence , is : `` I 'm still here and so is the issue I 've been championing all these years . ''
The movie is a piece of advocacy , and it succeeds at that : The conclusive science presented is powerful evidence that there is only one side to this story .
An Inconvenient Sequel is a highly entertaining and educational experience , unless the idea of man-made climate change is totally contrary to one 's worldview .
I find much to admire in Gore 's mission , although I wish the filmmakers had not delivered such a nimbus-tinged view of his exploits .
An Inconvenient Sequel is an inconvenient reminder that our government is no longer committed to ensuring our planet 's future .
Gore declares that we can not go back , we can not lose ground , we can not surrender -- but he seems as at a loss as anyone else about what to do next . Which makes An Inconvenient Sequel a pretty accurate document of the times .
That feeling of familiarity tends to overshadow the more interesting and persuasive portions of this film .
Gore is a little grayer and a little thicker around the midsection , but he 's still tirelessly speaking truth to power on behalf of our ailing planet in his folksy Tennessee twang .
The best An Inconvenient Sequel can offer is the formidable image of Gore , nearly 70 , refusing to stand down . It 's inspiring , but even the filmmakers have to know it 's not enough .
Viewers who watch with a curious mind rather than a hushed awe for His Goreness might have a few questions .
In a summer movie landscape with Spider-Man , a simian army waging further battle for the planet and Charlize Theron as a sexy Cold War-era superspy , it says something that one of the most compelling characters is Al Gore .
Eleven years after An Inconvenient Truth Mr. Gore remains a prodigy of hope , with energy that seems endlessly renewable .
Bonni Cohen and Jon Shenk check in with climate crusader Al Gore in this effective , if too loosely structured , doc .
It 's a variation of the presentation he delivered in the earlier film , presented with alternate amounts of humor , exasperation , faith and flashes of anger .
The film is usually transparent in its unbridled and excessive adulation of Al Gore .
A somewhat aimless travelogue of meet-and-greets and brand-building ...
-LSB- An -RSB- involving and unexpectedly passionate film ...
It 's all fascinating and terrifying and inspiring and essential . And at each stop , we 're left wanting to know more .
It 's easy to feel overwhelmed . But Gore keeps plugging away , and even finds signs of hope .
The message of this sequel is twofold : Urgency and hope . Things are bad , Gore is saying , but here 's what 's happening that 's really exciting . And he has no doubt that mankind will save the planet .
We give `` An Inconvenient Sequel '' a pass for doing the bare minimum . After all , all it had to do was show up .
Surprising , vital , fascinating , edifying and absolutely crucial viewing for all of us who plan to continue inhabiting this planet for a while .
The film seems more focussed on responding to the skeptics of the previous film than offering a considered argument for those who returned for this one .
Truth to Power ? Lies to people , would be a more accurate title for this blurt of propaganda which ends with calls for us in the audience to be #beinconvenient and to help push Al Gore 's agenda for renewable energy and wipe coal off the face of the earth .
Al Gore is so convincing , it is hard to separate the man from the film and the film from the subject matter . Gore is intelligent , eloquent , passionate , committed and charisma
For those who understand the threat of climate change , this will be a timely reminder of its ever important place in contemporary society
Effective and impassioned , it urges environmentally-conscious citizens and their governments to cope with consequential challenges .
The serious issue of global warming wo n't be minimized by a mediocre documentary , but it has yet to find a filmmaker inflamed with rage and visual passion .
This documentary feels confined by constraints that should have been stripped away in the filming process .
It 's not that ` Sequel ' is n't valuable - it 's full of startling footage and important information . It 's just ... not much of a movie .
An Inconvenient Sequel will be denigrated for its polemics , but it 's less an attack on big business than a call for a rational assessment of proven facts .
An Inconvenient Sequel : Truth To Power is an important and relevant worldwide look at the environmental crisis .
The follow-up to the 2006 Oscar winner fails to engage in a fully realized discourse on climate change .
The Zoolander 2 of global warming documentaries .
This is -LSB- Gore 's -RSB- Rocky Balboa . He 's back to keep fighting the good fight but it 's taken its toll on him . He 's actually training people to be his Creed .
A galvanizing sermon for those ready to hear it .
As a call to recruit and energize a new generation of environmentalists , no , it 's not good .
At rare moments ... An Inconvenient Sequel gains shape and suspense . The rest of the time , it feels like a rushed journey through a vital , many-pronged debate .
Bracingly effective and not altogether dire .
Gore still maintained the new film was about hope and that it 's not too late . But , man , his face sure said something else .
The intentions were good , the issue important , but the film 's execution belies the changing impact it may have had .
Truth To Power may be more of an honest-to-God movie than its predecessor , but it 's not nearly as purposeful .
Inconveniently this Inconvenient Sequel feels redundant ... little -LSB- more -RSB- than a campaign video for Gore 's mission .
Less impactful than the original , but a much needed word of encouragement for those who 've taken up Gore 's challenge .
If An Inconvenient Truth prodded people with facts , its sequel grabs them by the ears until they know something .
An Inconvenient Truth had a pertinent message , but was delivered in the driest of manners . An Inconvenient Sequel has an even more pertinent message , but is thankfully packaged in a more effective , fascinating film .
An Inconvenient Sequel comes close to sanctifying Gore ; while he says he sometimes views the lack of global progress on climate change as `` a personal failure , '' the film never encourages us to agree with him .
The movie ... can hardly hope to create the sensation of its Oscar-winning predecessor . But it finds plenty to add , both in cementing the urgency of Gore 's message and in finding cause for hope .
Gore hits an inspiring note at a moment when it 's in short supply , and his dedication to spreading his gospel suggests that in the next few years this franchise will need another installment .
Preaches effectively to its choir , with a decade of fresh data and increasing cataclysms-from harrowing typhoons and `` rain bombs '' to heat-waves and flooding coastlines-to persuasively make its case .
Winning and impassioned , stirring and proudly wonkish ...
If 2006 's An Inconvenient Truth was Al Gore 's call to arms , An Inconvenient Sequel is a silent scream into the void .

@highlight

An Inconvenient Sequel : Truth to Power makes a plea for environmental responsibility that adds a persuasive -- albeit arguably less impactful -- coda to its acclaimed predecessor .