What a mistake . Extract is awful . Intended as a light , soft-porno-motivated film , it turned out to be crude and with little humor .
`` Extract '' is the classic TV sitcom about restoring normalcy amid chaos .
Even if the whole is n't quite the sum of its parts , those parts offer enough touches of off-kilter inspiration to amuse .
Extract does n't have a memorable message , a moralizing mission or a satirical axe to grind . But if your life needs a little humorous flavoring , pour away .
A decade on from his sublime white collar wage-slave comedy Office Space , director Mike Judge returns to the workplace for this gentle satire .
There is a lot of unconvincing , random plot , most characters are deeply unsympathetic and the women are poorly served by underdeveloped roles .
Has many promising ingredients , yet somehow none of them quite gel .
The film is never funny enough , and comes across as dispiritingly mean .
Aside from being not all that funny , Judge 's droll-ish observations on the small-mindedness of corporate America never hit the mark while there are too many go-nowhere plot diversions .
Judge knows his game well enough , but too often the jokes feel like seasoning to a premise that is just slightly overdone .
Extract is the kind of economical comedy that 's more about sly grins of acknowledgments and quiet chuckles than rolling in the aisles laughter .
A bemusing black comedy that is as unfocused as it is unbelievable .
Bateman is perfectly cast as the understated lead and Kunis works well as divisive eye candy , but it 's the supporting actors who really shine .
Mike Judge 's latest comedy is never exactly laugh-out-loud funny but it 's very enjoyable nonetheless , thanks to strong comic performances and a drily witty script .
Mixing absurd comedy with understated dialog , Mike Judge spins an amiable farce about marriage and work ethics
Judge really feels for these losers , making this shaggy , unfocused fun .
Judge 's latest does n't linger long in the memory , generating more gentle chuckles than outand - out belly laughs . But it goes down smoothly enough ...
Extract works better as a bunch of miniature observations than as a singular piece , but viewed within the context of Judge 's body of work , it 's a funny and worthy addition to his suburban comedies .
While not as complete a success as `` Office Space '' , it is often quite brilliant .
Many setups with no punchlines .
Mike Judge 's nuggets are often enjoyable enough for us to want to ignore the fact that Extract really does n't work particularly well in its totality .
A classic Judge film : somewhat uneven but filled with interesting , albeit clueless , characters and funny set-ups .
Bateman , from his extensive TV background , seems perfectly at home with this material , which should have gone directly to DVD . I would 've hated to pay theater price .
While Judge juggles a considerable ensemble of overlapping dilemmas and countervailing agendas with admirable dexterity , it sometimes comes at the cost of characterization .
... it 's not quite as uninhibitedly ridiculous as The Hangover , the tacked-on moral lesson for which no apology is even attempted .
Extract demeure une comédie somme toute agréable , mais dont le manque d'audace se fait vite sentir .
Judge is dealing with his usual subject , the paranoia and indifference of class warfare . How do you keep your front lawn and your pool clean while trying not to look too elitist and well-off ?
... an affable comedy ...
bedrock American values skewed through a subversive version of morality that gives the more traditional take on morality a run for its money and then some
Extract Distills Potent Laughs
Judge probably wrote Extract on the back of a pizza box , but it 's funnier and truer to life as it is actually lived than anything Judd Apatow ever did .
It does n't seem as fresh as Office Space or likely to achieve the same sort of iconic status , but there are enough laughs here to justify the time .
The basic material is here for a good film , but it does n't quite achieve that threshold . Fortunately , the film has some interesting characters .
It seems that Judge is a little embarrassed by his script , which he should n't be . His direction of the movie , however , does n't match the absurdity of the situations Joel finds himself in .
mocks idiots , hypocrites , and all the other clueless denizens of life who make it difficult for everyone else , but the bile is balanced with affection for the ordinary people who make the world turn
As with virtually all of Judge 's work , Extract is based on the idea that most people are total , blithering idiots . It 's all very off-beat , but a top-flight comedic cast makes it work
Tastes good until it eventually loses its flavoring .
Despite the huge farcical situations and comedy genius cast , Extract is not so much riproarious as thoughtful and true % u2013 not unlike Judge 's animated series King of the Hill
Smart and affable , but not laugh-out-loud funny . A comedy should n't be as grounded as this . Since it 's coming from Mike Judge , you expect it to fly .
It 's a raunchy social commentary that will undoubtedly do even better when it 's released on video , thereby repeating the pattern of ` Office Space . '
Could not survive the bland dialogue and what a misuse of Kristen Wiig .
A quietly subversive , sometimes delicious , little comedy .
Perhaps because of the increased influence that comes with greater celebrity , Judge now seems to sympathize with management instead of labor , a shift in perspective that may prevent this movie from achieving the cult status of ` Office Space . '
A perfect late-summer tonic ... a genial prod at the great problem facing comfortable people in late-stage capitalism .
A perfectly good comedy with a lot of laughs and several fine characters .
People who do n't know things try to do things and cause problems for the people who do know stuff . Other people analyze things they do n't really know .
Mike Judge Has n't Got Over his Alliance with the Workers in Order to Make an Effective Flick about being The Man .
Unusual in the realm of modern comedy in that it 's about adults and aimed at adults .
Bateman reliably tickles in his signature role of a square who ca n't catch a break , and Wiig once more delivers subtly funny character work in a tricky role .
Writer-director Mike Judge is never purposely mean spirited . He just loves pointing out stupidity when he encounters it and he does so hilariously here .
Do NOT waste your time , this film should be extracted from theaters at once .
I admit it -- I was fooled badly by the promise of a well-constructed teaser trailer .
Funny and painful . And no , I do n't mean painfully funny . Watching a man make poor decision after poor decision is always a tough sell for a comedy , but this one gets it right .
Mike Judge fans will love it ; the rest of us not so much .
Work-set comedy dwells on sex , marriage ; not for young kids .
There are so many good jokes packed in there .
The biggest letdown of its esteemed creator 's career .
I did n't dislike Extract by any stretch of the imagination , but it 's not necessarily the kind of movie that 's worth going out of your way to see , especially at full price .
Judge needed to ` extract ' much more life from his leads . It 's as if a sad little wife and her muted husband took a wrong turn on the way to the funny factory , ending up in some bleak marital wasteland .
Not nearly as memorable or as important as his previous two films .
Where 's the flair , Dinkus ?
It 's not a bad film -- it runs smoothly , creates an environment and a mood . But fans of Judge 's previous work might do well to scale their expectations back .
This is a disappointing effort by writer-director Mike Judge that , on paper , may have been an amusing idea . In execution , though , it is not .
Co-starring an extreme bong , a mentally challenged gigolo who takes referrals , un-kinky jogging pants subbing for a chastity belt , and an enough already female Beavis and Butt-Head cranky assembly line duo in hairnets .
Its extremely likable cast -- led by a sympathetic Jason Bateman -- elevates the material above the drone of typical cinematic drivel slated for mass consumption .
Maybe Mike Judge is just all out of ideas .
Nobody knows the workplace quite like Mike Judge .
Not the comedy of the year , but a decent movie with several chuckles in it . Mike Judge fans will probably want to seek it out , just do n't expect an OFFICE SPACE .
To keep it simple , the film is very dull and dry .
Bateman carries the film well . He 's appealing and provides an anchor for the film without simply being the straight man for the gags .
-LSB- Mike Judge -RSB- Outrageous % u2014 yes . Always . Funny ? Judge is hit and miss , but more hit than miss .
Judge 's off-the-cuff humour suits Bateman 's bone-dry delivery perfectly , yet I wonder if Extract 's low-key comedy might 've have been more successful as a series of FunnyorDie shorts ?
Jason Bateman is the anchor to this film , and while there are some very rough patches in the story , he carries things along nicely .
Extract yourself from your couch and go see this agreeable working class comedy .
Extract feels less like a movie , and more like a collection of small biz campfire stories you 've heard from buddies at networking breakfasts , lounging at the El Paso Holiday Inn Express ' 10-gallon pool , and while commiserating over cold calls with
Judge 's film delivers a number of genuine laughs , some of the performances are downright hilarious and when it is all said and done , I really ca n't name too many other straight comedies I saw this year that are better .
The entire cast , in fact , seems to be having fun , with Affleck and Koechner cheerfully stealing each one of their scenes .
Funnier and more fearless than many other `` grown-up '' comedies I 've seen this year .
Lacks the satirical edge of Office Space , but with its likable cast elevating the material , Judge extracts enough ironic chuckles to save it .
There 's considerable pleasure in watching Bateman take a fairly bland character and imbue him with personality , humor and even a dash of pathos .
Extract is consistently underplayed -LRB- not a surprise , since this is the director 's fallback mode -RRB- , but underplayed and unfocused is a bad combination .
There are some priceless character turns .
It is a comedy that almost feels as if it needed to spend a little more time in the oven cooking , and at the end of the day the only additive I could smell coming off of it was the faint aroma of half-baked disappointment .
It has all the ingredients for cult immortality and will likely live on long after this year 's Oscar winners are forgotten .
These days , it appears to be a rare gift to do comedy in a way that comes across as smart , but never superior or willfully crass . Bateman has that talent to spare .
Jason Bateman is under-utilized in this underpowered comedy .
If the odd extracts discussed by Joel in the film will pop up as kitschy gag items online is a question for the future , but whether or not this averagely entertaining workplace comedy will find itself loved violently by admirers is certain .
Extract is a passable comedy but a poor companion piece for Mike Judge 's classic `` Office Space . ''
Mike Judge 's Extract -- modest , no big deal but very savvy -- is the funniest American comedy of the summer .
Mike Judge ca n't quite recapture the Office Space magic .
The result does n't seem as fresh as Office Space , but Judge still comes up with enough laughs to deserve our attention .
I think Judge wants to make Joel -LRB- Bateman -RRB- and Dean -LRB- Affleck -RRB- into older versions of Beavis and Butthead -LRB- Yes , Affleck is Butthead -RRB- .
-LSB- Extract -RSB- resembles its titular foodstuffs : less a fully realized comedy than the distillation of one . The ingredients are there , and the recipe as well , but Judge evidently forgot that the whole dish still needed cooking .
Extract is an exuberant original .
the stale stench of the factory is made somewhat funny with Jason Bateman and his time-clock-punching cohorts .
Extract nails the slow burn .
Bateman is simply great . He 's reason enough alone to see Extract , but perhaps this is the best overall praise I can pay the film -- I ca n't possibly imagine anyone who liked Office Space NOT liking Extract .
It 's a vivid indictment of the way in which we all stumble along , yet the film never musters full-throated chagrin at our dull complacency .
Extract actually has to extract its laughs from the movie -LRB- pardon the pun -RRB- , and that is something great comedy never has to do .
Exists squarely on that most comfortable rung of the American corporate ladder : the mediocre middle .
A `` sympathy for the boss '' comedy could conceivably work , but Judge has neglected to supply the laughs this time around .
Parental Content Review
Bateman 's wry and deadpan reactions elevate his scenes with Affleck to something with a whiff of genius , and his steady presence in the less uproarious sequences makes them at least entertaining .
This is n't a misanthropic picture ; its true subject is the way love for our fellow human beings is so often thwarted by their actual behavior -- and still , stupidly perhaps , we just wo n't give up on them .
` Extract ' is n't the sort of film you 'll rant and rave about , but none of Judge 's movies inspire that sort of mania . Instead , it 's just a well-realized minor-key pleasure .
Trust me , there are some very big laughs , and they 're made even funnier by the actors ' ability to pretend they do n't know they 're being funny .
Right in time for the economic downturn comes Extract , a smart and potently funny workplace comedy about running a small business just as small businesses get routinely run into the ground .
Extract is n't an instant classic , but it bumps along agreeably , its humor culled from serial bad decisions , mock-romantic discontent and lots of spirited overacting ripe with good intentions .
Mocking an officious middle-manager is always fair game ; ridiculing blue-collar workers who resent their mindless jobs just feels mean .
A harmless , often amusing comedy that 's quite convoluted and , while not consistently brilliant or funny , never feels too dull or juvenile .
For a movie set in a food flavoring factory , Extract 's half-baked comedy is bland and unappetizing .
If the film were a baseball player from `` Bull Durham , '' it would be sent to the showers and harangued for lollygagging .
Extract is an excellent example of what the Coen Brothers do effortlessly - minus the movie history homages and sublime stylizations . It 's a microcosm comedy , small things blown up into universal truths .
... moves with all the speed of celluloid being pulled through a vat of oatmeal .
The film 's performances and a selection of perfectly timed comic conversations are individually better than anything seen in this year 's big comedy hits , The Hangover or Paul Blart : Mall Cop .
The problem with `` Extract '' is that while the film is at its best when it sticks to its central workplace setting , the focus begins to drift when it moves off the factory premises .
Mike Judge packs a lot of jokes and very little movie into his new Extract .
A perfect title - all the essence and flavor of Mike Judge with very little of his substance . There 's no trademark satirical vigor or vitriol - just a handful of good performances and inspired scenarios wasted on a treacly , halfhearted narrative .
-LSB- Mike -RSB- Judge 's most modest offering yet -- less quotable than Office Space , less provocative than Idiocracy
Though not quite as funny as Office Space and almost certainly less quotable , Extract skillfully mines both the workplace and personal space for moments of hilarity .
Much like Mila Kunis ' character in the film , Extract teases - and while it 's an enjoyable journey , there 's no big payoff and it leaves us wanting more .
Like Judge 's first two live-action films , Extract seems destined to do minor business at the box office but achieve a kind of immortality as a cult DVD .
Judge 's gifts parallel those of his leading man . His plotting is full of funny , unpredictable moments but lacks the grating hysteria of the comic genre .
Mr. Judge has done better , more pointed work before , notably in the cult-favorite workplace comedy Office Space .
A little morally perverse under the surface , as Bateman learns that one of the keys to happiness is an attitude of `` Let them eat cherry-flavored cake . ''
While familiar comedic chords are struck , the film feels unfocused and incomplete .
While Extract is mildly amusing and a slice of a mostly working-class world that does n't make it into comedy that much anymore , it 's not completely convincing as a movie .
Bateman suffers under an ever-mounting pile of indignities with strained patience . Most viewers will probably view the fitfully amusing movie the same way .
The threads running through Extract are less actual ideas than loose screws rattling around aimlessly .
Fitfully funny with a low joke-to-minute ratio , Extract plays like two irreconcilable and unfinished sketches , neither particularly fertile comedic terrain .
Extract has its moments , but not enough of them . Think I 'll go ahead and watch Office Space again .
Judge may not have the workplace comedy down as smoothly as , say , Judd Apatow does with relationship comedies , but he has an ear for comical dialogue and an eye for a top-notch ensemble cast .
It 's no Office Space , but it 's amiable enough .
It has no flair .
Extract may be the most disappointing American comedy of the decade , partly because it 's jokeless and joyless but mostly because it squanders an all-star cast of superb comic talent .
... a dismal looking affair with flat sound . If it 's title sounds like something that might happen in a dentist 's office , that 's about what sitting through it feels like .
Mike Judge has become our most dogged examiner of middle-American foolishness ; no other comedy filmmaker more skillfully exploits that nagging sense that you 're surrounded by idiots .
A mix of coolheaded cultural satire and anxiety-inducing workplace and marital shenanigans , Extract is an odd project . It 's smarter than most of the comedies out there right now , but that does n't necessarily make it funnier .
Riotously funny .
Extract wo n't win -LSB- Judge -RSB- any new converts , obviously . But when the film gets laughs they 're fairly healthy ones .
There 's classic screwball comedy lurking in this material , a cynic 's recognition that the world runs crookedly . But the movie is logy and repetitive .
The plot strands wander all over the place with minimal focus , adding up to one overwhelming question : what was the point ?
Ten years after Office Space flopped in theaters , only to find the passionate following it deserved down the line , Extract finds Judge returning triumphantly to the workplace comedy .
Some will find Judge 's politics liberal ; some will suggest they 're conservative ; I would simply say that they 're American , in the best possible sense of the word , and Frank Capra might have found a lot to admire in `` Extract , '' even with the d -- jokes .
With Extract , Office Space -LRB- 1999 -RRB- creator Mike Judge returns to familiar ground : A comedy about an average Joe unsatisfied with his lot in life and reaching the breaking point . Jason Bateman plays Joel , the owner of an extract manufacturing
Mike Judge does n't sugarcoat his characters as anything more than slightly contemptible fratboys , a quality that makes his brand of comedy alternately liberating and frustrating .
That has the makings of a deliciously dark comedy , but Judge lets the premise simply drift away like a pothead 's train of thought .
Mike Judge 's Extract has some huge belly laughs , a terrific ensemble cast and more than a few instances of inspired comic brilliance . So why does n't the movie ever really take off ?
Judge is n't much of an auteur -LRB- to say that his movies are clunky is charitable -RRB- , but he 's hard to beat for sheer , unpredictable orneriness .
cooks up outrageously archetypical , two-dimensional characters with just a dash of humanity to keep us on the edge of our seats .
The year 's funniest movie by about 100 laughs .
A sturdy , uproarious comedy that solidifies Judge 's voice as a relaxed filmmaker with impeccable timing and a valuable interest in blending the absurd with the awkwardly real .
Mike Judge returns to form with this amusing , if oddly misogynistic , workplace comedy set in a flavor extract factory .
Judge , unfortunately , is not judgmental enough to bail on the jokes that do n't bear fruit % u2013 and not driven enough to really exploit the ones that do .
A comedy need not be believable . But it needs to seem as if it 's believable at least to itself .
... missing the angry comic energy of Judge 's previous efforts .
Sure , there are flashier , more adventurous movies out there , but this one puts in an honest day 's work .
The dialogue is limp , the jokes are stale , and the set pieces rarely pay off .
In terms of concentration of laughs , it 's more of a syrup than an extract .
The problem with the film is that , as satires go , this one has blunt teeth . It 's funny , but not as funny as it should be .
Did n't Judge realize that Extract , with its plastic setups and one-dimensional harpies , plays like Kevin Smith remaking a bad George Segal comedy from 1978 ?
Judge is a brilliant chronicler of social absurdity , workplace humor and that uniquely American brand of doltishness , but he has n't quite figured out how to channel his observations into sharp storytelling .
A curious combination of workplace comedy and midlife crisis , it 's not as good as -LSB- Judge 's -RSB- best work -- the characters are too one-dimensional -- but the laughs are generous and genuine .
Extract is a real tour de force for Bateman , who finally has a big-screen role that plays to his Arrested Development strength -- a guy dismayed at how moronic those around him can be .
Scores on a number of small fronts ... but lacks that core of real , exasperated indignation that gave his previous films such a charge .
The unfunny glom of half-assed sitcom scenarios -- all setup and no punchline -- that make up Extract play like a rejected episode of King of the Hill ...
An anemic , meandering ensemble comedy that just sputters along lamely before ending , apparently of sheer exhaustion .
Judge 's characters are so one-note and their misadventures so ridiculous that it 's hard to get attached to them or care about how they turn out .
Here for Labor Day -- a comedy about the hilarity and heartbreak of running a small business .
Mike Judge has given another shout out to the working class and it 's funny as hell .
Sharply uneven , the comedy is sketchy and episodic with too many oddball characters , but dealing with the rarely depicted locale of the workplace , it has some funny and poignant moments that make it worthwhile .
Mike Judge proves once again that few can top him when it comes to making cathartic social commentary about the working class .
Manages to be pleasant without ever eliciting much in the way of laughter .
Everyone else here is rather gleefully one-note , like the characters in The Andy Griffith Show , amusing caricatures that are pleasing to reconnect with between bathroom breaks . Just remember to flush .
Judge has put his movie together in a way that underplays everything and as a result rarely gets more than a chuckle .
Not for a single moment does anyone in this film make a good decision . Consequently , you quickly catch on and easily anticipate the bad decisions before they happen .
An amiable , inconsequential movie that nonetheless produces an impressive amount of laughs about drugs , gigolos and generally moronic behaviour .
You get the sense that if only Mike Judge made more pictures , he 'd hit his stride alongside the likes of Apatow pretty quick .
The pic 's attempts at comic portraiture feel sketchy at best , more or less assigning each character a single , belabored trait .







@highlight

Extract has some very funny moments and several fine performances , but the film feels slighter and more uneven than Mike Judge 's previous work .