He lays the photos out on the floor and the burn marks form a cross with a hook at the bottom , the unmistakable emblem of '70s hard rockers Blue Oyster Cult . Hey , did n't they have a big hit called '' -LRB- Do n't Fear -RRB- the Reaping '' ?
At no time does director Stephen Hopkins give us reason to care .
Although terrible , this film does raise ... interesting questions : Why does Hollywood keep ripping off THE OMEN ? Why would anyone continue hiring Stephen Hopkins to direct a movie ? Why would two-time Oscar-winner Hilary Swank agre to be in this mess ?
I did like the bugs .
If The Reaping had been sown with fresher ideas , you might actually care if the devil went down to Georgia , er , Louisiana .
The cumulative effect is likely to make viewers weary , but not so weary that they ca n't manage a chuckle or two during the film 's cheesed-out final minutes .
Is this movie a good old-fashioned good versus evil potboiler or a newfangled political statement about anti-intellectualism ? The Reaping could have gone either way , but it did neither , and it did so spectacularly .
click for review
The most positive thing about The Reaping is that it is n't as big a waste of time as last year 's Omen remake ; it 's 14 minutes shorter .
The 11th Biblical plague .
The impressive cast do their best to bring a sense of conviction to the piece , but it had to have been blind faith that brought them into such an unholy mess .
Between effects-shots is a whole movie of people discussing how fascinating things are .
If you had to choose between watching this and suffering boils , take the option which at least you can treat with a cream rather than years of expensive therapy
It 's a sad state of affairs when the fit of Hilary Swank 's casual slacks is more interesting than a plague of locusts .
Satanic horror films are always good for a laugh , and this one is no exception .
... goes from barely tolerable to insufferable in the time it takes to unveil a stupid twist ending ...
Here , for all fans of the world 's most pathetic movies , is an apocalyptically disastrous horror flick set in the Bible belt .
With a touch of X Files , a smattering of The Omen and perhaps a little too much hokiness , it 's all agreeably daft fun .
The Reaping is frequently silly , occasionally cliched and slow to get going , but the acting is good and it rallies for an impressive climax .
I prophesy an early exodus from cinemas .
Even the finest of talents goes south now and then . That 's what Hilary Swank does in `` The Reaping '' % u2026south to a mediocre movie set in Louisiana , in fact .
Makes The Omen look like a masterpiece of spiritual probing and cinematic integrity .
Swank maintains one 's rapt attention but Stephen Hopkins 's plague-a-thon is one grim reaper , reminiscent of the recent '' ` Skeleton Key '' with neither skeletons nor keys .
A Dark Castle de Silver e Zemeckis parece ser simplesmente incapaz de realizar um filme que não seja horrível ; e este ` terror ' estúpido é mais uma prova disso .
Let 's just hope Hillary Swank remains too big to do a # 2 .
Chock-full of pointless backstory and convoluted flashbacks . The filmmakers intend to be mysterious , but it 's just murky .
Perhaps the best way to put it is that the cast and crew reap what they so-so .
If there is an instruction manual for supernatural horror films , the filmmakers of The Reaping have followed it to the letter . The result is derivative and predictable with little to recommend it beyond the star power of Hilary Swank
Swank , once more , does more for the movie than it does for her ...
... attempt -LRB- s -RRB- to convince audiences that the real story is one of faith while at the same time handing out enough special effects to convince any -LRB- skeptic -RRB- ...
Starting as an intriguing faith-themed thriller , this film quickly descends into gonzo nuttiness .
Stephen Hopkins , who directs every film as if it were a NASCAR vehicle gunning for the finish line , does n't have much faith in the screenplay , since he orchestrates much of the picture with all the delicacy of a lumberjack in ballerina slippers .
The posters pose the question , ` What hath God wrought ? ' -- and apparently answer themselves by having Hilary Swank 's name placed beneath the question . Similar mirth follows .
The fact remains that audiences do n't seem particularly drawn to Swank in anything other than asexualized roles .
The Reaping is a bad movie , but it also achieves a level of preposterousness that is somewhat entertaining for all the wrong reasons .
Forget Million Dollar Baby and Boys Do n't Cry , keeping a straight face here could be the greatest achievement of Swank 's career
What could Swank really have done with such a cliche-ridden screenplay , except turn it down ?
The Reaping is n't quite bad enough , or even New Testament enough , to qualify as a sign of the impending apocalypse . But by the time it 's over , you know you 're getting close .
A slick-looking but incredibly schlocky horror film .
` The Reaping ' is further proof that faith and reason are both readily sacrificed on the shallow altar of entertainment
a derivative and wooden religious horror flick , timed somewhat distastefully to take advantage of the Easter holiday
Like a southern fried X-Files , The Reaping explores peculiar incidents with a mix of belief and skepticism , at least for a time , but it loses its potency as paranormal answers become verified .
The Reaping suffers from the plague of a terrible script ... The story floundered around like a drunk at Mardi Gras .
What , I shudder to think , were the projects Hilary Swank turned down in favor of this one ?
For bad-movie lovers , it 's manna from heaven .
Religious horror will always be with us , but if The Reaping connects , it 'll only be because we sinned on the ticket line .
That Ben -LRB- Idris Elba -RRB- is the sensible sign reader from jump only makes the folks around him look sillier .
The Reaping will end up doing for Swank 's career what Bless the Child did for the career of another Oscar-winning actress , Kim Basinger -- nothing .
Fool ! Dost thou not know that creepy children have cursed our screens in numbers too great to count , and by now , we find them marginally less terrifying than navel lint ?
It 's an old testament Da Vinci Code ... Hilary Swank has better hair than Tom Hanks any day .
A stream of shocks and blessings a teenager can thrill to .
Think of it as The Omen meets Oil of Olay .
What Hath Hollywood Wrought -LRB- or should that be ROT -RRB- ? We GET it . `` The end '' is coming . Just not soon enough in this case .
The film may be ridiculous , but give me a river of blood , a rain of frogs , a plague of flies and a storm of locusts , and I 'm a relatively content moviegoer .
Can she unravel the mystery before the loving and merciful God smites every firstborn child ? And most importantly , can a black sidekick survive to the end of a horror movie ?
It 's hard to believe that when God does reap his vengeance that it will be this boring .
Amidst such mayhem , there is n't much for a two time Oscar winner like Swank to do with herself , except reach out soulfully to the girl who may be the Antichrist .
The film 's most aggravating trait is its scare technique ... which is more like listening to a noisy neighbor than being scared .
The Reaping was entertaining and thrilling but fell slightly short on plot development .
When Ben exclaims , ` There 's still three plagues to go ! We got ta get outta here ! ' , most viewers will have already come to that same conclusion ...
Trouble sleeping ? Try The Reaping .
When a movie ca n't even make something like `` biblical plagues '' worth watching , you just know you 're in the hands of filmmakers as lazy as they are lost .
Unfortunately for me , the answer to that particular question is n't a very good one . The film falls apart in the final twenty minutes , the filmmakers unleashing a cacophony of idiotic stupidity and banal familiarities the whole thing collapses in laughable
God sends down a river of blood , swarming locusts and two-time Academy Award winner Hilary Swank . Guess which one 's slumming in a supernatural thriller ?
The only remotely notable thing about this particular jumble of boos , bangs and door creaks is that it tries to wed the horror trend with the heated-up God market .
-LSB- Swank 's -RSB- deft gestures and subtle inflections ring false , thanks to a script that forces her to follow the cliches of the genre , not break free of them .
Note to respected actors : If the movie involves dodging swarms of sparrow-sized locusts , tromping about in a creepy , blood-red river or facing down a scary little girl believed to be possessed by Satan , run , do n't walk , out of the studio meeting .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Hopkins relies far too heavily on sudden loud soundtrack noises to inject some scares into what is essentially a pretty dull affair , and the plague effects are sub par even by the standards of Cecil B. DeMille .
The movie is not terribly scary , its plot stumbles over at least one huge nonsequitur and it 's never clear why CNN , Oprah and People magazine are n't all over these miracles .
Hilary Swank wades through bitchin ' plagues and comes out looking hot . Film at 11 . DVD at 11:30 .
Quality battles schlock throughout The Reaping . That is , until the picture 's final act , when schlock swarms quality like ... oh , let 's not spoil the surprise .
The creators of The Reaping do n't believe in their own pro-spirituality message , which they 're willing to betray in the film 's final minutes for the sake of one cheap , totally gimmicky scare .
The movie 's pacing feels off and when the explanations do start to come , they feel far-fetched , even for a horror film .
The film succumbs to the plague of clichés -- things suddenly leaping into the frame , screeching sound effects , and a gag that must have been old by the time Moses hit puberty : Look at this freaky stuff ! Oh , it 's only a dream .
While The Reaping looks handsome -- you 've never seen a prettier locust attack , believe me -- it 's dumb enough to make your brain implode .
The film uses every contrived scary-movie trick to jar the audience -- doors suddenly blow open , a hand reaches out in the middle of the woods and characters fumble around in the dark .
A piece of jittery junk . If it did n't star Hilary Swank , this fiasco would almost certainly have gone directly to DVD .
What once held some promise of being a clever film explodes into a mess of trite plot devices and sad attempts to explain the rapidly degenerating vision of the filmmakers , who seem hell-bent -LRB- pardon the pun -RRB- on imparting some sort of religious lesson .
A worthy genre entry and certainly better than most recent horror movies -- thanks mostly to its lead .
Post-Katrina Louisiana and war-torn Africa are little more than special effects generated by life instead of CGI wizards , and the only real curse is on anyone unlucky enough to buy a ticket .
Most of the actors are adequate but hardly interesting enough to make anyone care about their characters ' fates . The exception is Swank , who brings a near-heroic intensity to even the silliest lines .
The Reaping leaves you with little to do but ask yourself questions like : ` Why would the antichrist be born in the middle of a swamp in Bugspit , La. ? How 's he supposed to take over the world from there -- via the NASCAR circuit ? '
-LSB- Director Stephen Hopkins -RSB- must have decided that horror need n't be technically horrifying , just flashy and programmatic and full of woo-woo choral bits that loudly command our spines to tingle . Stubborn little thing , mine did n't . And neither will yours .
Notable for its enthusiastic abandonment of any semblance of narrative coherence . Lately , lonely women in Hollywood movies are particularly vulnerable to attacks by multiple montages and random sound effects .
No belief on earth can rescue Swank from a film that 's a chain of disaster chintz masquerading as a sermon .
Schlocky , obvious fight-flick that gets the shock job done , but at the expense of subtly , fun and , possibly , Hilary Swank 's career .
From spooky prelude to investigative twaddle to surprise ending and double-surprise coda , it 's as if director Stephen Hopkins is following the handbook of Satanic hooey .
The film uses cheap scare devices galore in an attempt to generate some suspense , but which instead just shows how desperate the filmmakers were .
Directed by Stephen Hopkins , the film begins gracefully , judiciously . Sadly , in its final 20 minutes , it throws its admirable caution to the wind .
Why were they ... ? Did she ... ? Could n't he have just ... ? Since I have no intention of watching the movie two more times to sort it all out , I 'm left disgruntled . It 's almost enough to make you lose faith in horror movies .
An insult to intelligence and faith alike .
Stephen Hopkins directs The Reaping according to the Satanic horror manual , right down to the choral chanting on the soundtrack . The lighting is often too dark to see what 's happening , and the editing makes a mess of even the most tolerable scenes .
The only good thing about this supernatural thriller is that the atheist finally comes to see that most of the evil in the world is caused not by Satan but by human fear and hatred .
Swank takes some time off to vacation in a silly paranormal thriller .
Ads for The Reaping ask ` What hath God wrought ? , ' but I do n't think it 's fair to pin this on Him .
The Reaping does at least prove the old axiom that the Devil comes in many forms , one of them celluloid .
When a thriller starring two-time Oscar-winner Hilary Swank sits on the shelf for a year , it 's usually because it 's cinematic rubbish .
The Reaping 's last-act adrenaline ca n't save it from the genre clichés that precede it .
If Moses was in the theater , he 'd stand up ... and demand , ` Let these people go . '
The most striking image in ` The Reaping ' is a repeated shot of unusual looking wind chimes blowing in the breeze . By continually panning his camera to the chimes , director Stephen Hopkins unknowingly admits that the rest of his movie is n't worth watching .
Ungodly awful .
The whole thing is just as ludicrous , pseudo-intellectual and spiritually bereft as The Da Vinci Code , and it 's a hideous monstrosity regardless of your faith .
It 's a horror experience coated in a sticky slime of inertia ; a story of wrath and booming heavenly might that suffers from narcolepsy and stage fright .
Let 's face it , folks ... The Reaping is one eerie cinematic Easter ham that will be tough to swallow .
The only way The Reaping could be worse would be if Swank put on a bear suit and ran through the woods .
If you turn away from God and do not repent , God will kill you . You will die . The end .
Takes us down a brimstone path of idiocy and outright boredom punctuated by a soundtrack which goes to eleven every time a character sees more than one object in their field of vision .
Has consummate , dedicated emptiness as its only lingering aftertaste .
Swank pouts her way through The Reaping as a disillusioned minister turned cynical professional globe trotting religious miracle debunker .
A mess of theological ponderings , cheap twists and turns , and cheesy stylistic choices .
An effectively unsettling mix of Southern gothic and Old Testament hugger-mugger .
The Reaping is n't completely terrible . It just majorly overreaches .
At least the sordid screenplay provides this fantastic line , uttered by Ben : `` Forget about it . Let 's just get out of here before the final two plagues ! `` Amen to that .
Upon reflection , it 's not difficult to understand why The Reaping languished for so long on the shelves of Warner Brothers before being dumped into distribution . The film , despite attempts at edit-room reparation , is virtually unreleasable .
It 's a highfalutin hodgepodge of biblical mumbo jumbo , more likely to inspire laughter than fear .
The Reaping proves that you reap what you sow , and what these particular screenwriters have sown is just another word for manure .
Forget a plague of boils -- how about a plague of boredom followed by a plague of oh-my-god-is-it-really-this-bad-for-women-in-Hollywood ?
A bad movie is a bad movie , even if Hilary Swank is in it .
You had me at Hell .
An unholy mixture of religious balderdash and horror-movie cliche ... it would probably be wise to Passover it .
In a movie with no purpose beyond small-scale grotesque spectacle , I can only imagine its purpose as a cinematic waiting room for the end of the world where the guy in charge is n't capable of counting to ten .
Disguises its utter lack of significance beneath incoherent backtracking , old-school-religion brouhaha , and a soundtrack of traditional soul music .
Just in time for Passover , Easter , and/or any other equinoctial festival on your liturgical calendar comes THE REAPING , an abomination of a film to put the fear of God in us all with its sheer awfulness
If you 've seen ` The Omen , ' ` The Exorcist , ' and ` Rosemary 's Baby , ' you 've seen ` The Reaping . '
Just when you thought Hilary Swank was on the right track , along comes this shlocky supernatural thriller , a pretentious presentation of the ten plagues of Exodus .
Religious horror with multiple shocks but little substance .
For all its high-minded aspirations , The Reaping really shows its cards in the final reels , with a descent into visual bombast and spiritual chaos that is almost riveting in its silliness .







@highlight

It may feature such accomplished actors as Hilary Swank and Stephen Rea , but The Reaping also boasts the apropos tagline `` What hath God wrought ? '' It 's schlocky , spiritually shallow , and scare-free .