Like the very best fairy tales , Harry Potter offers us a burning vision of our own world , with goodness and evil helpfully labeled .
The effects and acting are top notch , with a vast cast providing well-developed background characters .
The danger is seething as both sides battle between extravagant set pieces and eye-catching special effects .
Deathly Hallows part 2 struck all the right notes of action , adventure , friendship , courage and love .
We 're left just as we should be , spellbound in darkness , with our Harry Potter 3-D glasses .
Certainly Hollywood will circle back to this beloved fantasy series , but it 's hard to imagine that any future film adaptations could be more lovingly crafted , or more beloved by fans .
Not the most exciting film of the series , but Yates manages to establish the mature , sombre tone needed to lead into the final film .
The final instalment , Deathly Hallows Part 2 , is a bravura duel between good and evil . It 's also a cathartic , occasionally clunky nostalgiafest .
Come the conclusion , tears no doubt will be shed , probably by those more devoted than I. Whether they cry because of overwhelming emotion or in mourning an era 's end , I 'm not sure . Probably both .
Radcliffe retains an endearingly owlish demeanor . But he also captures the quiet determination of a young man determined to confront his life-or-death destiny -- making the world safe for good folks , wizards and Muggles alike -- with admirable aplomb .
It 's a bittersweet end as the final adaptation of the beloved books hits the big screen . Expect tears , both from nostalgia and some truly amazing storytelling .
For 10 years and eight films we 've gotten to watch these young actors grow as people , as performers and as characters . It has been a true coming-of-age saga , in the fullest and most moving sense of the term .
Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows , Part 2 is a fine finish to a franchise that most , including myself , wish would never end .
It comes to an end with class , dignity and a fair amount of relief on the part of yours truly .
Goodbye , Harry . You certainly know how to make an exit .
The most enduring aspect of the Harry Potter films , and the reason this one works , is the acting of its three young leads .
It unspools like gangbusters .
It certainly went out making its presence felt , but in my opinion , though there were explosions aplenty , a few deaths , and everyone inevitably ended up with who they should , I felt it ended with more of a fizz than a bang .
The grand finish , if not always inspired , feels necessary . In a sustained , imaginative way , this is the best of any movie series .
The film is strong enough to have the unusual effect of improving its predecessors in the memory simply by association .
Sadly , though , the finale is n't the spectacle the series really deserves , and I feel fans will gloss over the film 's dull points and poor direction in favour of facing the reality that ` the Deathly Hallows Part 2 ' is an average affair .
Deathly Hallows -- Part 2 lives up to the standard set by its predecessors , remaining true to their spirit while also delivering an epic battle royal between Harry -LRB- Daniel Radcliffe -RRB- and Lord Voldemort -LRB- Ralph Fiennes -RRB- .
As to the three principals , they 've grown up with the Potter saga and have done so reasonably gracefully .
When the time comes to face Harry 's fate , Radcliffe confidently , casually shows how much he 's matured as an actor .
I must confess to being completely unmoved by the Harry Potter phenomenon . The books strike me as derivative and bland , and the film versions are , if anything , even worse .
When Yates gets it right , Deathly Hallows : Part Two roars with majestic otherworldly oomph .
I for one am glad to see Harry Potter come to a close . It was one of the most reliable film franchises ever to go beyond a trilogy , even at its spottiest , and I imagine that an entire generation will look back on it with fond memories .
Yates strikes a beautiful harmony to make the most of the storytelling and the technology .
Thankfully , Yates gives us one wonderful final voyage with Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows : Part 2 , a smashing , melancholy , and thoroughly satisfying conclusion to the eight-film saga .
The seven films to date have earned almost a billion dollars each , so it 's obvious their followers are legion . But this is also a series that takes itself seriously , never more so than in this , the deathly finale .
Radcliffe 's interpretation of Harry has been exemplary , truly amazing when you think about it .
This enthralling film ends the series on a high note , exceeding expectations and delivering a fine conclusion to the films .
It 's a fight to the death , as good and evil whip out their wands and cross swords amid the ruins of what used to be the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry .
Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows : Part 2 is a bittersweet parting for the Boy Who Lived , an excellent finale for the popular boy wizard who has captured the hearts of so many people .
Passable , well-acted , but not one of the best films of the series .
The movie ... manages to be a worthy ending to what has become one of the greatest film franchises ever released .
Part 2 ends up being a worthy note for this decade-long franchise to go out on with a satisfying conclusion to bid farewell to these enduring characters .
What truly unifies this ten-year , eight-film saga is the sense of kinship with its lead trio of young wizards .
Ending the light fantastic
A wonderfully rich adaptation of the final book 's last act , but the central focus on the three leads might leave some fans disappointed , especially those seeking a more thorough adaptation .
For the most part , Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows : Part II picks up right where Part I , the franchise 's shining beacon on a hill , leaves off .
It all ends . And to be sure , it 's a fitting end for the storied franchise .
Fiennes and Rickman get the actorly moments they 've been building toward for so long , and the film is most fun when it sticks to mechanics : roller coaster rides , battle scenes , close calls .
For the most part , the final movie delivers the combination of emotional intensity and rousing battle sequences befitting the end of a phenomenon that evolved from an unexpectedly popular children 's book series to an era unto itself .
From any perspective-technical , emotional , storytelling - `` Deathly Hallows : Part 2 '' is a smashing success .
While swept up in the desperate search for Horcruxes , Yates allows us to feel once more as though we are very much in the middle of things , but , alas , it was a trick and a false hope , because in the end ... it was , irrevocably , THE END .
This is exactly what you would expect - a perfect and exciting ending for those who have been following the franchise . Those who could n't care less probably stopped reading ages ago .
Joy , grief , shock ; the emotions pour thick and fast for the whole event and leave you an exhausted whimpering wreck .
It makes a fitting conclusion to a series that most of the film-going public has been following for over a decade .
Even contrarians for whom the incredibly popular series has been an uneven road will admit that in this final stop , a team of talented filmmakers have saved their best for last .
An emotional , have-a-hanky-handy experience for many viewers as characters they 've come to know , love and care about make their collective exit .
Deathly Hallows Part 2 's most evocative moments generally have him thinking about death , not just his own , but also others ' .
Back in the first movie , Mr. Ollivander told a young Harry that we should expect great things from him . With the cinematic conclusion ten years later , he 's been proven right .
Director David Yates , who has helmed the final quartet of movies , assuredly oversees the cycle to its finish .
The Protacted Ending Pt 2 . Though it 's hard not to be grateful that `` It all Ends '' this one is a modest success .
The successful run of a franchise such as this is truly a rare feat in Hollywood . Take a bow , folks .
... as the ads suggest , it really does all end here for both the genuine and stimulatingly fictitious kids who have grown up dealing with the fulfilling assortment of thrills ... horrors , action and laughs so easily generated in the `` Potter '' movies ,
a very substantial fantasy film , perhaps even beyond the level of one of the LORD OF THE RINGS films . With one major omission the series comes to a satisfying and frequently spectacular conclusion .
Radcliffe -LRB- and Yates -RRB- shine in the final hour .
A fitting farewell for all the zillions of Harry Potter fans ; not the best HP movie but one of the best .
... Yates and company deserve credit for delivering the goods -- generally .
One of the great things about this second Deathly Hallows is that it plays exceedingly well as either a stand-alone epic or a continuation of the previous chapter .
There 's visual overstatement , stone-heavy exposition , self-seriousness -LRB- masquerading as maturity -RRB- , CGI-laden plot -LRB- falling short of spectacle -RRB- , and predictable action sequences .
Thank god it is finally over .
delivers precisely what most viewers will be looking for : battles , suspense , revelations , and , most importantly , a fitting , emotionally satisfying conclusion that is entirely in keeping with Rowling 's novel .
The series now has the power to deserve comparison to The Lord of the Rings .
Ralph Fiennes is AWESOME in this movie .
If these movies have done nothing else , they have shown great skill in playing directly to a target audience , never swaying from that mission , and doing it exceptionally well .
Possibly the weakest entry in the series .
... a brilliant finish to the series , an action-packed finale with elements of darkness and beautifully integrated moments of humor and heroism .
Como cierre de la franquicia seguramente no decepcione a casi nadie . No hace falta ser un gran fanático para esperar esta culminación con ansiedad , e incluso para emocionarse .
This is a massive , tentpole , franchise movie with impeccable good taste -- its most essential , surprising and exhilarating ingredient .
I think what works best about this final film is how surprisingly moving parts of it are .
The Harry Potter movies are n't really movies . They 're the world 's most expensive book illustrations .
These films are Campbell 's `` Hero 's Journey '' ... Star Wars to a generation of kids afraid of being thrust so quickly into adulthood-a reality all too close to home for the post-9 / 11 generation .
The messianic aspect of Harry 's purpose-driven life comes to the fore ... making this an action-packed , adventure-laden rewrite of the Easter story ...
This Harry has something the others do n't -- the power of goodbye . That helps this film be the best of the series .
This HP 7.2 makes a great case for lifting the entire third act out of a picture and just making that your sequel .
it 's successful at giving its audience the feeling that they have shared an experience with these characters for almost ten years , and that their farewell is bittersweet .
The magic is n't over . Far from it .
For a grand finale to a truly epic , good-natured franchise , this is a perfect goodbye that 's very hard to beat .
` The wand chooses the wizard , ' says John Hurt , whose own wand has n't made any choices since its scaffolding collapsed after Bea Arthur died .
A wholly-satisfying finale to what is unquestionably the greatest coming-of-age saga ever committed to film .
Lopsided and rushed .
Unlike nearly every adaptation Hollywood produces , the Harry Potter films , taken individually or as a whole , are worthy-epically worthy-of their literary source material .
It 's the perfect conclusion to a wonderful , decade-long love affair with Harry Potter .
This show , in all its surprisingly moving gravity and beauty , belongs to the three young actors at its centre who 've held their own since it all began .
The filmmakers thankfully remember that we 've journeyed so far with these characters and so they trust that we , the audience , will understand the poignancy and meaning of the events that are unfolding .
When the last train pulls out of the station and sends another generation of kids to school , you feel the fullness of a magical life well lived .
We 're a long way from the hijinks and humour of earlier episodes . Be prepared instead for a dark and thrilling ride .
While ` Deathly Hallows : Part 2 ' brings closure to the sprawling saga , the primary reason to see the film is because it 's entertaining .
With nothing left to tell , the grand finale to the Harry Potter saga holds nothing back .
There are moments of wit , fear , imagination and grace that one remembers over the years , but they are scattered among the long drawn-out , meandering narrative .
The movie still looks drab , dark and blah but Yates has finally made a Harry Potter movie fans can be proud of and sends this Franchise off on a high note .
One of the best of the eight films Deathly Hallows : Part 2 might indeed require a scorecard for the uninitiated , but for those in the know , it 's a more than suitable ending for a decade-long journey that was truly magical .
begins with a bang and does n't stop .
A satisfying roller coaster ride that Harry Potter fans have been waiting for since the beginning .
Sharply directed and appropriately tear-jerking , imbued with the gravitas of such an epic finale .
It 's a bucket of maraschino cherries and whipped cream after no supper . It 's a two-plus hour climax without an ounce of foreplay . A fireworks grand finale without a single sparkler cooling off in Uncle Joe 's Pabst can .
More than ever , Radcliffe is asked to take control of the screen as his boy wizard faces his own demons before finally facing Voldemort , and the talented thespian is up to the task , holding nothing back in an ofttimes ferocious performance .
`` A worthy conclusion to the series , providing numerous worthwhile payoffs to J.K. Rowling 's wizard saga . ''
A fitting finale and bittersweet good-bye to the boy wizard who is no longer a boy .
This splendid final HP film uses special effects to full advantage , thereby increasing the thrill of watching Harry and his friends try to defeat the evil Lord Voldemort .
If ever there was a critic-proof film , this is most certainly it - but , pleasingly , it 's so good that it does n't have to be .
-LRB- Director David -RRB- Yates and screenwriter Steve Kloves have lovingly transported -LRB- Rowling 's -RRB- vision to the most satisfying finale , truly grand , in film history .
Deathly Hallows - Part 2 is everything a Potter fanatic could want in a franchise capper .
... a mostly satisfying coda , with nostalgic 360 return to Hogwarts ... Potter faithful will find a sizable lump in their throats as the music wells and intrepid threesome take their places in carefully staged tableaux .
Merely translating the events of the novel would have been easy , but Deathly Hallows Part 2 - like all its predecessors - invests the story with a cinematic life all its own .
The Potter universe , magical as it is , is more grounded in heart and soul than many fictions . You do n't read Harry Potter to escape , you read Harry Potter to find your way .
Not the be-all and end-all of its series , nor of summer blockbusters ... Think of it instead as the lingering farewell to a fun ride .
Thematically , like any good myth , the Harry Potter story comes full circle , with a heroic homecoming and the promise of more adventures , if only in our imaginations .
The `` kids '' , Radcliffe , Grint and Watson , have all grown into terrific actors , which is vastly important given the material they must elucidate .
It 's a bit difficult even for me , a casual admirer , to reconcile that the series has come to an end .
Director David Yates and screenwriter Steve Kloves seem to be on the same page in building intensity and flawless execution . This concluding swan song goes out with a bang rather than a whimper . There were no dull spots that dragged the story down like ...
One of the most faithful adaptations of any source material I have seen , in this series or outside of it ... If only Hollywood would make more movies like this .
-LSB- It -RSB- bungles key moments that have built-in dramatic weight from the book with ordinary staging and a breakneck pace . Many of the movies , including this one , have merely summarized the books rather than actually interpreting them .
Nothing can compare to the experience of reading J.K. Rowling 's books , which have been expertly condensed and interpreted by screenwriter Steve Kloves , but given the need for compromise I think they 've done justice to the author 's intentions -LRB- if not ...
In the end , it 's the incredible inventiveness of Rowling 's concept that makes it a ca n't - put-down book series with a not-to-be-missed movie series following closely behind .
Harry Potter is n't about the wand choosing the wizard ; it 's about what education should be about : transforming imagination into reality .
As we age , we all begin to understand that the world is filled with great sadness , fear and tragedy . Harry Potter understands that to confront those realities with a heart that is open to love and friendship is truly an adventure worth having .
An equally thoughtful and thrilling installment , perhaps the franchise 's best .
Satisfying
The series deserves a hearty round of applause
Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows : Part 2 caps the series with visual panache and emotional punch . It 's a fitting finale to an unparalleled cinematic accomplishment .
Ten years . Eight movies . Evil vanquished . It 's done .
In the 10 years since Harry 's first big - screen close-up , the spell has never been broken . And we Muggles have been made better for the magic .
As they say , all good things must come to an end . But in this instance , you can take solace in knowing the fat lady can belt out one heck of a final note . Thanks for the memories , Harry Potter . We 'll miss you .
Fantastic ! Emotional ! Its a full blown out war !
Spectacularly epic , poignant end to a magical series .
`` Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows : Part 2 '' ends the series on a triumphant note . It is a memorable and moving conclusion that will leave you wishing for more .
It 's a pleasant irony that , just as the first installments of Rowling 's oeuvre were better suited to page than screen , the final installments have reversed the relationship .
The film expertly balances physical action and emotional development , loud moments and quiet ones , and it 's that balance that makes it such a satisfying and proper finish .
The greatest Potter film of them all .
Harry Potter , yeah , it 's not bad .
The Potter films have gotten darker , both literally and figuratively , with each installment , and the predominant tones of Deathly Hallows Part 2 are grey and black .
While it 's all too easy to poke fun at the film 's earnestness and clunky dramaturgy , one ca n't deny that it holds the audience in the palm of its hand throughout .
When the movie was over , a young boy sitting behind me said , `` That was great ! '' He was satisfied , and rightly so .
In Deathly Hallows Part 2 Radcliffe shows us the man Harry 's been forced to become . It 's a real performance , layered and even moving .
Members of Generation Potter will be sent off with valedictory messages about friendship , love from fierce mothers and future mates , unlikely heroes and the importance of never assuming anyone is purely good or bad .
A fitting final chapter .
Not that part two of Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows is bad , you understand ; it 's much better than I expected , given the mediocrity of the series in general and the fizzle of part one in particular .
This incredibly satisfying and emotionally moving finale is frosted with sprinkles of just about every bit of Harry Potter lore you can think to name .
It 's a solid capper for this monumental series .
Here at last , in the final chapter , the Harry Potter franchise rouses itself toward something approaching greatness ... After eight installments , this last Harry Potter film finally left me wanting just a bit more .
It 's so detailed and mature that there 's really nothing left for us to do but put down our round spectacles and our wands and return to our far less fascinating Muggle existence .
There 's no doubt about it : Harry Potter ends on a high .
The finale is a great British triumph , twice as good as its predecessor , highly recommended . A happy ending , as I think it 's known .
My hunch is that your reaction to this haunting , magical final installment will mirror your reaction to the book .
There 's not much to say about this movie . If you 've read the books , you 'll go and see it and love it . If you 've seen all the other films , you 'll go and see it and love it .
A towering achievement , a staggering , out-of-nowhere pop filmmaking triumph on par with The Dark Knight , The Return of the King and Spider-Man .
An exciting , appropriately epic and emotionally satisfying finish .
... the greatest showdown between good and evil since Luke Skywalker and Darth Vader mixed it up in `` Return of the Jedi . ''
This is the way The Harry Potter saga was meant to end .
It 's been a rocky road , but this final stop is among the series ' best entries .
End of an extensive journey , hauling a weight of finality that 's bittersweet . Still , there 's much to celebrate here , with the picture a stirring , magnificent conclusion to a marathon wizarding odyssey .
It 's a classic to stand the test of time .
An unbelievably satisfying bookend that is not only Yates ' finest entry yet , but one of the best films in the series .
This Potter movie is the greatest , a fantastic end to a monumental series .
By staying true to the book 's themes , fans immersed in Rowling 's world will be more than satisfied , and should be advised to bring a tissue .
It 's hard to imagine fans leaving the final Potter film with deep disappointment in this satisfying conclusion .
So long , Harry . It 's been magic .
Will bring both chills to the skin and tears to the eyes .
The film flies along , a pace underscored by the fact that it 's the shortest of the series . Yates straps the audience onto a rampaging beast and offers an edgy , nervy ride .
Fasten your seat belts . Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows : Part 2is an emotional roller-coaster ride .
The grand finale of the Harry Potter saga brings narrative and emotional closure by finally delivering the grand confrontation all the previous films were building toward .
The best possible end for the series that began a decade ago .
You might fear that several of these characters wo n't be emerging alive at the end of the tale . Is it wrong to say you 'd be right ?
This is pretty much a delight from start to finish that will thrill and touch audiences and leave them wanting more even as it concludes everything in an extremely satisfying and graceful manner .
The final chapter ends with an epilogue that puts a lump in your throat and makes you want to watch them all again from the beginning . That 's the definition of a classic .
As strong an anchor as anyone could ask for , bringing this beloved saga to a rousing and irresistible conclusion .
A fitting , shocking , exciting , mind blowing experience even the haters and contrarians will begrudgingly admit is pretty awesome .
It is not often that we can chart a series over 10 years featuring the same child stars as they grow into adults . This phenomenon gives Deathly Hallows 2 a particular poignancy .
Offers up exciting action set pieces and a rousing finale to the somewhat overlong series .
Watched as a stand-alone film it 's likely to strike newcomers as completely mystifying , but committed and even semi-committed fans will surely welcome it as a worthy climax to the most successful film franchise in history .
-LSB- Ends -RSB- the series on an action-packed and character-driven note that works on most levels .
I can merely pay illiterate , honest homage to the costumes , special effects and set designs , which are all fantastic . And to the actors , hamming and over-egging as if it is All Day Breakfast season on Mount Thespis .
That both the beloved characters and the film series itself manage to emerge victorious from the fray after over 10 years is truly something to celebrate .
after ten years , eight films , and close to 20 hours of engaging storytelling , Harry Potter 's cinematic saga is finally complete -- and the last act is just as compelling , if not more so , than the first
Just adequate .
The showdown is full of drama , horror and even humor , with supernatural detours given a winking Kubrick-style spin by director David Yates .
The final film has been labeled the ` epic conclusion ' and I was elated to discover that it did n't disappoint .
Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows : Part 2 is everything any Potter fan could want and more . It brings one of the most successful movie franchises to a thrilling conclusion .
It works its own kind of magic , the kind that comes from a great story , well told .
This is a terrific , smartly designed adolescent adventure , visually rich , narratively satisfying , and bound to resonate for years to come .
Part 2 is never not good , but that 's small comfort when anticipating greatness .
We might not want to say good-bye to Harry Potter and his friends , but at least getting to see them off with a film of this caliber eases that feeling of loss just a bit .
Deathly Hallows Part 2 sends Harry off into the pop culture pantheon on a thrilling high note . Well played . Well played indeed .
Less committed filmgoers probably wo n't be quite as enthused -- Potter has long been a franchise constructed to please readers of the books first -- but should be sufficiently entertained nonetheless .
Considering that it began with genial formula of spell-casting and flying broomsticks , the phantasmagorical imagery and violence in the eighth installment is fairly adult .
There has never been and may never be again a story so electrifying over so many pages that has been so devotedly and expertly translated to the screen .
The Citizen Kane of whiz-kid film franchises reaches an emotional and exhilarating end .
The final installment of Harry Potter 's journey into spiritual maturity as a selfless magician who is willing to sacrifice himself for others .
It hardly matters that Deathly Hallows Part 2 is neither the best film of the series , nor the perfect conclusion to it . It 's what it represents that 's significant . And that 's the end of an era .
A dazzling , stirring capper to a once-in-a-generation movie franchise .
Like the previous seven movies , `` Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows : Part 2 '' obliviates the line between art and craft , but the witchcraft conjured for this satisfying finale is uniquely generous .
Harry Potter 's epic journey ends with power and majesty . For 10 years , we 've waded through oceans of exposition and endured ever-burgeoning layers of new characters and mythology to absorb . All building to : This .
How do you compete with young Harry , young Ron , and young Hermione ? You ca n't . They 're ones of a kind . Good night sweet princes and princess .
The technical wizardry on display is perfectly crafted and fires the imagination like never before .
The eight-part saga comes to a close with an action-packed finale that neatly ties up the strands of the whole series and also manages to give its actors some meaty scenes to play with .
Everything comes together ; the Chamber of Secrets , the basilisk venom , Parseltongue , polyjuice potion , the castle ghosts ... there 's no fat here .
So the wait was worth it . The eighth film of the seven-book series sees Harry Potter finally waving a wand in anger at his nemesis Lord Voldemort , and is not a disappointment .
Ten years and eight films after the boy wand-twirler 's cinematic adventures began , the saga resolves in ways suspenseful , romantic and thrilling .
A well-rounded , entertaining and satisfying conclusion to this epic series . -LRB- Full Content Parental Review also available -RRB-
A movie with no beginning and no middle but two-plus hours of thundering , momentous ending ...
Yates and Kloves find the grand scope in Rowling 's book , and mine it for all the excitement and pathos it 's worth .
Exactly what it needs to be : artfully filmed , tautly paced , just sentimental enough .
It 's completely satisfying on the level of an FX-driven summer blockbuster . But most importantly it 's satisfying on the level of a great drama .
As a standalone film , it delivers intense and engaging action . Though , I could n't help but feel a bit underwhelmed by the final battle sequence we have waited ten years to see .
A bad teacher visual buffet best consumed as dazzling hocus pocus . Mixing fantasy , Freud and freaky father figures with serpentine metaphors , unruly male role models , an Oedipal wand in search of a wizard , and stolen kisses during incidental fleeing .
A truly magical finale .
The best was saved for last .
My , how the children have grown -- and the movies too .
It has been extraordinarily fun , and now the decade-long saga has reached its grand finale . The best has been saved for the last .
The Harry Potter films , like the boy wizard himself , have had their creative ups and downs , so it 's especially satisfying that this final film , ungainly title and all , has been worth the wait .
Now that the Harry Potter series is over , maybe the truth can be realized : This has been the dullest franchise in the history of movie franchises .
The continuous flow of the two movies will hopefully be molded into a single 4-hour plus experience on Blu-ray -LRB- where Eduardo Serra 's cinematography will really pop -RRB- and solidify its place as one of the best final chapters of any movie franchise ever .
David Yates and his crew have hauled Harry Potter and friends out of the vale of depression where they languished during the previous film and pitched them into an exhilarating series of cliffhangers .
With its heartening final note of hope and renewal , Deathly Hallows -- Part 2 provides an altogether fitting finale to a series that has prized the fans above all .
Cinematographer Eduardo Serra underscores the sense of dread with a rich charcoal palette , and the outstanding CGI and 3D effects make the otherworldly threats more corporeal .
Well done , Harry ! You 've saved the best for last .
Tears are shed for the lost , cheers are raised for the -LRB- often unexpectedly -RRB- brave and noble , and , in the movie 's final moments , there is a sense of satisfaction and fulfillment rarely achieved in filmmaking .
It 's always hard to predict how a work of art will age over time , but I have the feeling that , like its three young leads , the Harry Potter series will turn out just fine .
It 's virtually non-stop action , though director David Yates , who has taken good care of these final four , ever-meaner Potter adventures , does a very crafty thing , following adapter Steve Kloves ' screenplay .
This movie is impressively staged , the dialogue is given proper weight and not hurried through , there are surprises which , in hindsight , seem fair enough , and `` Harry Potter '' now possesses an end that befits the most profitable series in movie history .
I could n't help feeling rather bereft as I left the cinema . But Harry is The Boy Who Lived , and he will live on in film for many years to come to delight new generations .
A finale that 's as moving , spectacular and engaging for both die-hards and casual fans alike .
Director David Yates has finally found an ideal combination of exposition and emotion in his fourth consecutive Potter project . Writer Steve Kloves ... neither wastes a word nor leaves out any essentials .
Yates gives this final Harry Potter production the majesty it calls for
This is a masterful and worthy final chapter in one of the best franchises ever put to film .
J.K. Rowling 's boy wizard gets a spectacular , yet not entirely satisfying finale .
Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows , Part 2 puts a triumphant capper on a decade of Pottermania .
Worthy of capping off the series , but falls slightly short of being completely satisfying . With a decade 's worth of material to do justice to , being fulfilling in the least is a praiseworthy accomplishment .
-LSB- T -RSB- his is simply a great flick : powerfully emotional , profoundly resonant , scary and funny and intense and wholly enrapturing . It 's a great time at the movies , entirely apart from its Harry-Potter-ness .
It 's almost impossible for the convergence of good and evil to meet inflated expectations . What matters here is that the story is told clearly and with faithfulness to the book , and that it resolves a conflict that has simmered for a decade .
It 's almost a good thing to have a lousy Deathly Hallows Part I to get all the explaining out of the way , and leave all the good parts for a kick-ass Part II .
Director David Yates and screenwriter Steve Kloves guide the story to a graceful and satisfying end . The movie 's final moments are the equivalent of the half-jubilant , half-mournful thrill you get when you close the cover of a book you 've savored .
A satisfying wrap-up of the series , with an especially effective performance by Alan Rickman .
Some will complain that the film does n't explain anything , blithely assuming you 've read the books , and simply plows ahead . Good .
Words have an inexhaustible magic , wise old Albus Dumbledore proclaims in the final stanza of author J.K. Rowling 's epic Harry Potter series . As it happens , the same must be said now for the eight films adapted from her books .
The movie puts a spell on you .
Spectacular but also emotionally affecting , it 's a fitting capstone to a series that remains unmatched , despite many attempts over the past decade to imitate its magical formula .
Ao longo de uma década , a série Harry Potter transportou crianças de 5 a 90 anos de idade em uma viagem intensa , imaginativa , envolvente , tocante , divertida , inteligente e deliciosa .
Even if you 're not a big fan of the series , Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - Part 2 a mixture of solid storytelling and excellent craftsmanship make it -- maybe not a new bar for adventure filmmaking -- but a worthy entry and conclusion .
This rich , graceful film is like seeing Rowling 's novels through a shimmering , magic mirror . A magnificent , nearly-flawless finale , warmly emotional without being sentmental .
130-minutes of unfocused , supernatural-themed sludge .
What a way to go out .
Pretty much an open goal given the inevitable payoff that concluding a story some seven films in the making was always going to bring , director David Yates though has helmed a very impressive film , and the best of the whole series .
... good enough , which is a succinct way of describing the eight-movie franchise as a whole .
Epic battle ? Please . Director David Yates moves at only two speeds : Super-charged yet not impactful and labored , faux-majestic stillness .
A fitting , expertly made final chapter , freighted with hard-won emotions , shot through with a sense of farewell , and fully aware of the epic stakes involved .
Be sure to arrive at your seat with plenty of popcorn -- and tissues . You 're going to need both .
It 's been a long journey , but in all of those undertakings , Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 2 succeeds with incredible resolve .
What fun to feel like a kid again . I had a marvelous time .
Casual fans of the film series will find this final outing extremely satisfying while the more serious fans are going to absolutely love it .
If you do n't know what a Horcrux is , then you 're at the wrong movie .
One of the saga 's richest in character development installments , nicely rounds up the story without straying from its first half 's tone and look , other than the uneventful and at times problematic use of 3D
Radcliffe 's Potter is an abominable creation , capturing the dogged determination of Jason Voorhees , ability to infiltrate the hero 's mind of Freddie Krueger and penchant for casual animal cruelty of Dora the Explorer .
Every bit as rewarding - and flawed - as its source material , this final installment of the Harry Potter series is pure movie magic .
This , the final chapter , is a remarkable achievement : as piercingly true as it is astonishingly magical .
This installment clocks in as the shortest Harry Potter film yet , but it sacrifices little in terms of thrills and tears , and has some seriously cool special effects .
Part 2 is a magnificent finale for this fantasy opus , one that pays ample justice to Harry 's long-in-the-making showdown with He Who Must Not Be Named , a battle in which life and death , the past and the future , precariously hang in the balance .
The final Harry Potter movie , above all others , supplies Radcliffe with the gravitas of not just an epic story come to completion , but some real dramatic heft . Not so bad for a Hogwarts dropout .
The final episode overwhelms with its CGI effects , yet somehow manages to be surprisingly moving in the way the epic Harry Potter story is brought to a satisfactory conclusion .
Though it does indeed hurt to say goodbye , almost all Potter fans will agree this emotion-charged farewell has been handled to perfection .
Part II gets everything right to send off Harry on a cinematic high .
We 'll miss you , Harry . But oh , what a way to go out .
The fast-paced , spectacular conclusion ties the final knot in the narrative thread of this spellbinding series .
Exciting , gripping and touching , the action-packed final instalment sees this tremendously successful franchise end on a high .
I ca n't think of anything which has made me feel happier or more privileged than this incredible , rich , and infinitely touching body of work .
It may not contain many of the series ' most comic , surprising or quotable moments , but it does succeed in bidding adieu in fine fashion to some of this century 's most popular fictional characters .
While it 's unfolding , this is just terrific fun : eye-scorching , ear-battering , heart-pounding cinema of pure spectacle .
What 's best about Yates 's direction of the adapted screenplay by Steve Kloves is that it never loses sight of the emotional interplay and struggles of its characters .
It 's with a heavy heart that we say good-bye to Harry Potter , but in crafting what may well be the best blockbuster of the season , the boy wizard has gone out with a suitably spellbinding bang , and one that will leave a lasting impression on cinemagoers .
It 's wonderful . Epic and heartbreaking and just as grand as it needs to be .
The film 's subdued dramatic finale - resonant as it is with themes of sacrifice , the responsibilities of power , friendship , hard-won wisdom - easily ranks as one of the most memorable and moving in recent franchise movie history .
... when the film finally ends , when those last few images play out , it is more than satisfying . It is triumphant .
It 's a great sense of hope and affection that you 're left with in the end , regardless of J.K. Rowling 's recent hints of an eight book on the cards ... As for the 3D , it adds very little
Deathly Hallows Part Two ably demonstrates David Yates ' perfect understanding of the Potter story .
The effects are amazing , the pace and action are outstanding - what more need be said ? A dazzler of a finale .
Everything a summer blockbuster should be but rarely is - a whip-smart , slam-bang piece of entertainment where we deeply care about the fate of the central characters -LRB- and many subsidiary ones who return for their last bows -RRB- .
With shifting loyalties , unlikely heroes , truths revealed and a little help from friends , `` Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows : Part 2 '' winds the series up in a most-satisfying fashion .
Represents big budget filmmaking at its finest and long-form storytelling at its most emotionally rewarding .
A triumphant , spell-binding finale for the Hogwarts wizards .
It 's not the best in the series but it 's a worthy enough conclusion . I had the same thoughts when I read the final book a few years ago .
Harry is , and always was , The Boy Who Lived , and these books and films were about him coming to terms with the enormous obligations of that title , and realising that the burden of life is carried by all .
The sublime supporting cast , brought back if only for glimpses here , remind us that the series is a luscious , perhaps unparalleled showcase for this generation 's most endearing British actors .
In the end the thing works like , well , magic ...
The thrilling conclusion to a phenomenal cinematic story 10 years in the telling , Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - Part 2 is proof that authentic movie excitement is its own form of magic .
An abbreviated , yet exhilarating finale that is equally satisfying as it is bittersweet .
To say they 've saved the best for last would be an understatement . It 's a finale that 's truly magical in every way , and easily the best Harry Potter movie yet .
-LSB- VIDEO -RSB- After the rambling first-half effort of the final Harry Potter installment , the filmmakers get down to business to give the franchise a generally rewarding send-off .
Deathly Hallows Part 2 is n't just a proper sendoff , but maybe the best argument for adapting these books to film in the first place .
A fitting capstone on a fabled film franchise for the ages !
While `` Deathly Hallows : Part 2 '' offers long-promised answers , it also dares to pose some eternal questions , and it 'll stay with you after the final chapter has closed .
A pyrotechnic wonder , a superb feast of visuals , innovative design and fabulous camerawork . And the eager fans cheered and clapped at the Sydney premiere , even if I did n't
As far as spectacle goes , this final chapter of the Harry Potter franchise has plenty of it with showy special effects and a rich and alluring density that once again overshadows the narrative
Delivers the action-packed finale fans have been hoping for and the required emotional kick , even if it ca n't quite convincingly pull off the various romantic couplings .
HPATDH 2 works like a charm . A funereal charm , to be sure , but then , there 's no time left for larks .
Set pieces so spectacular you 'll sit in awe at what the British film industry can achieve these days
The film 's greatest success may lie in its balance of breathless action and heart-rending emotion .
Bear with the slow start and what you get in this bookending instalment 's latter two acts is more pathos , exhilaration , and sheer entertainment value than anything else in the entire eight-film , ten-year saga . Potter has certainly saved the best for last .
Director David Yates and screenwriter Steve Kloves seem to be in complete harmony as they wrap up subplots , give minor characters a time in the sun and head the lead characters into the final showdown .
Love , loss , courage , hope and humour -- Deathly Hallows offers them all in what proves a worthy finale to the Potter saga .
It 's Harry Potter as a full-tilt action picture , yet unlike the mind-numbing action of Transformers , here you feel totally invested in the protagonists ' plight .
A worthy farewell that packs in as much action as its seven predecessors combined and manages not to stint on the emotional beats . Harry Potter leaves us as a quiet , bespectacled , corduroy-wearing hero for the ages .
All too soon , in the words of the tagline , ` It All Ends ' . Spectacularly . Emotionally . And Wanderfully .
Of course , if the films have n't won you over by this point , this one is unlikely to make you a convert , but for the millions of fans who 've grown up with Potter , it 's good enough to make saying goodbye a tougher proposition .
It 's a rare film that manages to be both spectacular and sweet .
Defined by darker mood and greater gravity than previous chapters , this film concludes the series on a high note that should please viewers and get serious attention as Oscar contender .
Fusing spectacle and emotion into a thrilling final chapter , director David Yates ensures that the series goes out with a bang . Finales do n't come much grander than this .
This is such an entertaining , beguiling , charming and exciting picture . It reminded me of the thrill I felt on seeing the very first one , 10 years ago .
If you 've been a devoted follower of the Potter saga in print and at the movies , you 'll come away from this final chapter with a feeling of catharsis and , perhaps , a slightly damp handkerchief .
I am a fan of both the books and films and it is sad to say goodbye to the boy wizard so many have grown up with . But at least he gets the send-off he deserves -- with a 3D blast of visual wizardry .
Fans can rest assured -- without wishing to spoil any of the major plot lines -- that their patience will be paid off fully , and some , in the final epic Harry Potter chapter .
The entire series of Potter books and motion pictures has been leading us to this final showdown between Harry and Voldemort . It could easily have been a letdown . But the fight here between good and evil is more than satisfying . It 's thrilling .
With its accelerated rhythm , relentless flow of incident and wizard-war endgame , Part 2 will strike many viewers as a much more exciting , involving picture than the slower , more atmospheric Part 1 .
An outstanding capper to the most lucrative film franchise of all time .
You need a deep grounding in Potter-lore to make the slightest bit of sense out of it , but that wo n't be a problem for most people who see this film .
This is monumental cinema , awash with gorgeous tones , and carrying an ultimate message that will resonate with every viewer , young or old : there is darkness in all of us , but we can overcome it .

@highlight

Thrilling , powerfully acted , and visually dazzling , Deathly Hallows Part II brings the Harry Potter franchise to a satisfying -- and suitably magical -- conclusion .