This has its flaws and certainly its detractors but this dated British social-realist epic has a power to it .
This unique and essential film stands out as being the best of its genre , showcasing a blunt sexuality along with a modern , smartly-edited sensibility .
Anderson 's visual sense is remarkably strong for a film that relies for much of its length on a highly complex and intriguing flashback narrative .
Leagues above the sanitized picture of organized professional athletics exemplified by ' 42 , ' ` This Sporting Life ' wallows in the mud of the moral dirt that surrounds and runs the whole .
The film is raw and confident , but it 's a little shallow , too .
This Sporting Life exhibits astonishing vigour and a fierce engagement with life , but the bitter poetry is all its own .
I ca n't think of a sport movie that is better photographed . The black and white cinematography is gorgeously stark , the perfect medium for this bleakly unforgiving tale .
This Sporting Life shrewdly anticipates modern Britain : a dour , yet thrilling and exhilarating film .
I 'm tempted to see it as one of the strongest films of that period , every frame of which pulsates with drama , class confusion and erotic force .
From its virtuoso opening shot of a rugby scrum -- from the bottom , looking up -- to its final emotionally draining moments , This Sporting Life is a captivating , visceral film experience .
Lindsay Anderson , making his debut as a feature director , brings the keen , observant eye of a documentary man to many vivid episodes without sacrificing the story line .
This Sporting Life is a quintessential entrant in Britain 's kitchen-sink realism of the late - '50s and '60s .
A reminder that something really was stirring in those days of the British New Wave before it frittered itself away .
It 's about rugby league , beer , grit and tough lads , but it 's also a profound commment on relationships loaded with symbolism and rich in emotion .
It 's impossible not to appreciate the remarkable performances -LRB- both Harris and Roberts were nominated for Oscars -RRB- or the realistic rugby scenes that earned Harris a broken leg .
Probably the best crafted of the British ` kitchen sink ' movies .





@highlight

Appropriately hard-hitting on narrative as well as physical levels , The Sporting Life remains a British `` kitchen sink '' classic that 's beautiful to look at and leaves a lingering mark .