... transmits the nervousness present in the tortuous relationship between mother and child and social tensions . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Child 's Pose is the sort of film that foregrounds a major event rather than a plot per se , in the hope that the exploration of said event will allow character nuance and social significance to waft up from cracks in the façade .
A gripping and thought-provoking drama that touches on the nature of grief and class corruption in the new Romania , the heart of Child 's Pose is nevertheless its convincing study of a power struggle between mother and adult child .
There is , ultimately , little to recommend this film .
We watch as attitudes get warped , compassion removed , and grief 's all-consuming power possess victim and perpetrator alike .
Another powerfully observed Romanian drama .
Razvan Radulescu 's screenplay is rich in irony and reversals , highlighting tensions between generations , and between the wealthy elite and the people whose lives are blighted by the elite 's unthinking behaviour and desperation to cling to its status .
What makes Cornelia fascinating is not just her rapaciousness and determination , but also the power of her love , albeit a love that smothers . Like King Lear , she is a monstrous parent , yet pitiable .
A mother 's love outruns her self-delusion in Child 's Pose , an intense but downbeat entry in what 's being called the `` Romanian new wave . ''
Details are beautifully observed in lengthy , theatrical scenes , which may not have been sustainable without a captivating performance from Luminita Gheorghiu .
Child 's Pose , in addition to featuring -LSB- its -RSB- sensational mother-son act , is a fascinating look into a corrupt society that is at times equally jaw-dropping .
Despite these effective touches , the film eventually becomes a bit monotonous : it 's clear from very early on that Cornelia is a terrible person , but this does n't stop Netzer from hammering home the point .
Exploring morality and forgiveness , mixed with a curious family dynamic , Child 's Pose is an involving piece of cinema .
The pacing is unyieldingly slow , while also missing that sense of creeping escalation that makes the better films of the Romanian art house moment so dreadfully effective
Calin Peter Netzer is a director unafraid to spend a lot of time in one locale to let the crosscurrents of emotion in a complicated scene play out naturally . The editing is almost invisible as tensions tighten .
What is so fine about this film is that Cornelia is depicted with subtlety , much of that due to the fine performance of Luminita Gheorghui .
A thriller , but , like the films of Asghar Farhadi , offers a depth of emotional engagement far beyond your average ... indeed , far beyond your average `` straight drama '' . Its thrills are thrilling , but its drama is intense , moving , and extremely rewarding .
With its claustrophobic , handheld camerawork , Child 's Pose is almost as suffocating as Cornelia -LRB- Luminita Gheorghiu -RRB- , the well meaning but ultimately meddlesome mother ... a showstopping performance by Gheorghiu
A punchy thriller and sweetly bleak tragicomedy . The last shot is as perfectly shaped and beautiful as a freshly forged chisel . Bare your heart .
Not a single character bends for our sympathies or campaigns for our support , and for that reason , Child 's Pose marks an extremely brave work of remarkable realism .
For those not driven off by a Mad Libs collection of `` emotional tension , '' `` gloomy plot , '' `` grieving parents '' and `` modern Romania , '' `` Child 's Pose '' is thrilling .
A dark piece of neorealism - and a searing indictment of Eastern Europe 's newly moneyed classes ...
A Romanian political allegory - in Romanian - might sound like tough sledding , but thanks to a searing performance by Luminita Gheorghiu , `` Child 's Pose '' is anything but .
Cinema loves its messed up mother-son relationships . But rarely are they handled with the mastery of Calin Peter Netzer 's tale of smotherly love Child 's Pose .
... both acerbic character study and understated indictment of Romania 's justice system and entitled inner circle ... Like Angela Lansbury in ` Manchurian Candidate , ' Gheorghiu 's mother remains oblivious to the damage she has wrought .
Under the sinuous direction of Calin Peter Netzer , we experience the story as if we were living it .
Perversely engrossing thanks to Gheorghiu 's performance as the queen of denial .
Netzer crafts not only a chilling story of family dysfunction , but also an illuminating look into the corruption and decay of the Romanian bourgeoisie - without ever overplaying his hand . It all appears so effortless , when in fact it 's so skillful .
A fascinating , troubling and finally controversial portrait of maternal anxiety at its most smotheringly neurotic .
Raw and frighteningly authentic , the feature has a causal immorality that 's fascinating to watch unfold .
A tour-de-force performance from Gheorghiu carries this 2013 drama along , but Radulescu provides the fine edge , noting how this lioness cloaks her selfish crusade in a plea for humanity .
It 's a chilly story , shot with claustrophobic , close-in cameras , right up to its abrupt ending - in which a mother learns , to her horror , something about the kind of pain that is n't easily swept away .
Of all the great monster mothers in cinema history , Cornelia Keneres -LRB- Luminita Gheorghiu , who sets the standard that other performances should be judged by this year -RRB- ranks high on the list .
Luminita Gheorghlu gives a gripping character study of a woman obsessed with keeping Barbu by her side . Her actions garner both loathing and sympathy , not an easy thing to do .
Calin Peter Netzer 's terrific drama exemplifies many of the traits that have made the new wave of Romanian cinema so fecund .
It 's well worth seeing , both for its merciless anatomization of the country 's post-Ceausescu social order and for Gheorghiu 's stupendous central performance as a mother so monstrous she makes Medea look like a pushover .
If Child 's Pose fails to live up to its indie-intellectual veneer , it earns its keep through Gheorgiu , whose Cornelia is a triumph of subtle performance over crude conception .
In the movie world , most national new waves do n't last long . An exception is the Romanian renaissance , which has featured first-class movies now for more than a decade .
`` Child 's Pose '' sounds like something simple and easy , but do n't be fooled .
Writer-director Calin Peter Netzer 's thin yet compelling movie is a family drama with elements of political theater and film noir .
When the stars are aligned-the writing and direction along with the stars in front of the camera-a movie can put the most appalling characters on display and still make them engrossing .
-LSB- T -RSB- hrough it all , -LSB- Luminita -RSB- Gheorghiu finds the perfect pitch between a mother 's love for her child and a kind of pathology .
What starts off as broad melodrama becomes , for lack of a better term , more ` real . '
Child 's Pose treads a delicate line between social horror and comedy-so much so that , as with Lazarescu , it 's not always immediately apparent that the comedy is present .
The movie creates its own tightening vice grip .
The drained , exhausted , stifling mood is a frequently punitive experience for the viewer .
Sporting a blonde dye job and a haughty , impervious manner , Gheorghiu makes Cornelia a consistently compelling figure , at once monstrous and pathetic .
Gheorghiu , who was the essence of compassion in `` Lazarescu , '' creates one of the most complex monster mothers in cinema and Netzer 's ambiguous , climatic finale unseats expectations , leaving us to ponder whether maternal love or matriarchal ego is at play .
A drama with a story as cold , merciless and inevitable as a tomb ...
The hand-held cinematography , gritty and raw , gives the film an immediate and urgent documentary feel , and each moment has a great sense of both the absurd and the poignant .
Netzer keeps faith with his countrymen 's gritty aesthetic , which remains pure in the spirit of New Wave neo-realism ; somehow , international success has not made the Romanians crave CGI or encouraged them to pander to hipness .
It 's wonderful to see -LSB- Gheorghiu -RSB- in a leading role , especially one as meaty as this .
`` A mother 's love '' has rarely felt more dagger-like or malevolent than in this chilling morality thriller .
`` Child 's Pose '' stares at its characters with such intensity that the ordinary becomes surprising and insightful .
The film thrives on ambiguity , keeping all things blurry outside its main character 's focused perspective , its myopia sustained by Luminița Gheorghiu 's tough , quietly intense performance .
There is none of the gallows humor that attracts a certain type of viewer to the Romanian New Wave . But the empathy is there , for Cornelia and for Barbu as well , in a film that gets all the way down to the rotten bones .
A tour de force performance by Luminita Gheorghiu as a controlling mother trying to blast her way back into the life of her thirty-something son .
Netzer offers a bland simulacrum of documentary reality that lines up precisely with his clichéd prejudices . But in the few moments when spontaneous emotion takes over , surprising moments of grace arise .
Deftly examines loss , dependency , and the delicate bonds that hold families together .
While lacking the elegant formal conviction of the best Romanian New Wave films , Calin Peter Netzer 's Child 's Pose is nevertheless a work of sophisticated and affecting storytelling , persuasively enmeshing the fate of individuals with that of society .
In our society which prizes families above all else -LRB- especially that mythical and coveted species , the `` decent , hard-working '' sort -RRB- , it is encouraging to find a film that interrogates the pernicious influence that family life can sometimes exert .
A technically well-executed but flatly by-the-book and heavy-handed satire on the corruption blighting Romania .
Sure-footed scripting and a stand-out performance by Luminita Gheorghiu freshen a potentially pat subject .
A razor-sharp jibe at Romania 's nouveau riche -LRB- the type is hardly confined to one country -RRB- , a class adept at massaging truths and ensuring that the world steps aside when conflict arises .
While some of the details are a little heavy-handed , witty touches and rippingly honest acting hold our attention . As does the unusually intimate , urgent filmmaking .
A film as intricate and distressing as a family row .
It all rings horrifically true .
A series of small scenes imbued with great significance make for a quietly riveting drama that repays multiple viewings .
In some ways she may be a monster , but Netzer and co-writer Radulescu find a path for Cornelia that steers clear of outright condemnation . Her tragic devotion to her son is so absolute that she retains our pity .
Compelling Romanian drama with a strong script and a stand-out central performance from Luminita Gheorghiu , though the film lacks subtlety in the hammering home of its central theme .
A taut modern morality tale from Romania with a knock-out lead performance from Luminita Gheorghiu .
Challenging , intelligent work .
What is a definition of good Romanian cinema ? Answer : Calin Peter Netzer 's Child 's Pose .
An awkward title for an excellent film .
It 's through the dysfunctional mother-son relationship at its core that a pointed critique of the corruption bedevilling Romanian society emerges .
Plays its thematic cards far too early , but it 's sustained by Gheorghiu 's compelling central turn as the endlessly self-deluding grande dame .
Child 's Pose is simply unforgettable cinema .
The film , more than the complicated milieu it depicts , is at odds with itself .
Gheorghiu , a truly great actress , is here playing the part of a woman who is herself a great actress , and we ca n't catch either out , and the film goes into its end credits having perfectly preserved this ambivalence .

@highlight

It is n't necessarily an easy watch , but thanks to Netzer 's interesting direction and a riveting performance from Gheorghiu , Child 's Pose is rewarding .