The result is interesting , well-acted and always watchable , particularly on the ruthless tactics employed to win the day . But it also feels a little simplistic and it 's disappointing to see Hollywood formula creeping in right at the end .
Ultimately , it comes down to the difference between narrative and advocacy , and advocacy -LRB- in most cases -RRB- is n't terribly dramatic .
Van Sant 's direction is n't nearly as flashy as it was in 2009 's `` Milk , '' but he provides the right amount of visual propulsion to keep the story moving along .
The road to movie hell is paved with good intentions .
Damon and Krasinski 's script is n't completely solid , but it follows a believably wayward path to a lovely , muted ending .
An engaging film about the dangers of fracking and the crass manipulation employed by its proponents .
The film never makes a convincing argument against fracking , probably because it 's too busy being cloying .
Gus Van Sant 's Promised Land is an engaging performance-driven drama that works more often than not .
... Van Sant 's eye and sense of poetry no doubt elevate what 's essentially an updated Frank Capra story ...
` You ca n't make natural gas from shale without fracking ' does n't quite have the same ring to it as ` You ca n't start a fire without a spark ' .
The pro-environment message here is more effective because of the film 's subtlety , a casting twist featuring the likeable Matt Damon , and a script that does n't insult its audience .
There are some good scenes early on , and the conflict at the centre is real . But it 's sentimental , Capraesque fare ...
underwhelming at best
Thee film-makers ' sincerity so indisputable , that Promised Land never entirely spins off the rails . It 's hard to swallow , but easy to digest .
Hydraulic fracturing might not be the most compelling subject for a movie , but it provides a topical backdrop for this engaging drama about ethics .
A gentle rather than dramatic film that , once the central argument is laid out , lacks real flair .
A flawed but watchable eco-drama - heavily indebted to a wittier anti-corporate movie , Local Hero , made 30 years ago .
Van Sant is no Frank Capra , so why is he trying so hard to be ?
Not confident or bolshy enough about the subject , too aware of eco versus economic pros and cons ...
The latest film from Gus Van Sant is a thought-provoking and emotionally engaging smalltown drama with a strong script and a terrific central performance from co-writer Matt Damon .
A compelling glimpse into a world of corporate chicanery where unscrupulous business giants casually toss decent chaps like Butler into the fray to take the , er , frack .
The film means well , it just does n't stir the soul .
Northern Exposure with Jason Bourne . Which is a backhanded way of saying this is far from the challenging movie it promised to be .
Feels more Hollywoodland than ` Promised Land ' .
Quietly powerful , this has a fine cast and yet it 's very much Damon 's movie , as he delivers his finest , most subtly nuanced performance yet and , remarkably , actually allows himself to look , ahem , older .
As a slice of rural Americana , Promised Land works . Then it turns into sticky apple pie , leaving only the feeling that you 've been had .
An earnest , fundamentally likeable film which challenges us to question what we 're told rather than calling us to arms .
Worth taking seriously , but hamstrung by avoiding larger political issues and coming down to a matter of individual conscience .
Its quiet nature may give it longer legs over time , slipping its way into cable viewing , but it 'll have to reach way beyond the typically urban Gus Van Sant audience to make the impact it wants .
... neither a firebrand nor a puppyish Oscar-chaser . It 's becalmed , downright mellow at times .
As schematic as it is , `` Promised Land '' benefits from the tremendous appeal of its cast .
Director Van Sant 's heart does n't appear to be quite in it .
Gus Van Sant 's fracking drama pits Matt Damon 's energy executive against John Krasinski 's eco-dreamboat in a battle for the minds of backwater farmers and the heart of Rosemarie DeWitt 's moony schoolma'am .
The makers of Promised Land clearly object to fracking but attempt , not always successfully , to explore the issue without stacking the deck in favor of its viewpoint .
In attempting to make ` Promised Land ' more than a simple diatribe about the evils of fracking , director Gus Van Sant -LRB- ` Good Will Hunting , ' ` Milk ' -RRB- oddly makes the story seem less authentic .
Relateable
Promised Land is harmless but not compelling enough to warrant major attention .
... leaves little doubt which side it supports in terms of the drilling debate , but the predictable approach of this clumsy redemption story makes its impact less convincing .
Touching and believable .
The end result is simply a fracking mess .
While Damon and Krasinski have penned likable , real characters , the story surrounding them is only sporadically compelling .
A one sided look at the argument against drilling for natural gas ; Damon needs to entertain and stay off his soapbox .
A dishonest film about duplicity .
Though the crusading pic against fracking has its heart in the right place , the respectable narrative is too preachy to be entertaining or convincing drama .
Damon and Krasinski have crafted a very well thought out tale , one that comes across as `` Local Hero '' meets `` Erin Brockovich . ''
It 's rather unfortunate to note that Promised Land eventually becomes as one-sided as its premise might 've indicated ...
The film has plenty of smarts , good writing and solid performances to win over most everyone . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
This is a solid if at times too conventional tale of a classic moral conflict .
Promised Land actually delivers a compelling human drama along with its message .
The drama can be funny and romantic and occasionally moving . It has a bigger message about fracking and the environment , and big companies and small towns , and while Promised Land is not a great film , such ambition is not its intention .
-LSB- It 's mostly -RSB- a well-wrought drama that feels genuine as it goes about spinning a tale worthy of our challenging times .
Promised Land is more effective as an anti-fracking screed than as a drama .
Promised Land does n't offer great drama , nor does it offer the great debate on fracking that some viewers might have been hoping for . Yet , the film has lots of small moments that make it a worthy effort .
Maybe it would just be easier to say that `` Promised Land '' is a movie that flirts equally with greatness and dreadfulness .
Promised Land attempts to present both sides of the argument while ultimately falling decidedly on the side of anti-corporatization .
Timely topic . Likable cast . But this frack-attack drama never fully finds its footing . As pleasant as it is forgettable .
It 's like a well-meaning sermon from a progressive but unexciting minister ; you may agree with the message , but you undertand why some people prefer fire and brimstone .
Cinematically well-crafted and - acted , Promised Land nonetheless is a shallow exploration .
Sadly , `` Promised Land '' ... chooses to take the lazy road and simply become another member of the liberal posse that finds it easier to place a black hat on big business than to have an adult discussion about complex issues .
The acting and characters did it for me . The story ? Promising . Not perfect .
Damon and McDormand are terrific as co-workers seeking the same goal , though they see their work from different points of view .
Van Sant never climbs up on his soapbox , opting instead for a soft-play , lecture-free approach that , while bordering on plainness at times , makes it easy to enjoy the story .
It 's not that it 's badly made , but that it is a well-told and complex story dealing with topical issues and moral dilemmas that totally falls apart in its third act .
This is n't a movie about easy fixes , be they personal or political ; it 's a film about long-term problems .
Far too awkward and contrived a drama to change many hearts and minds .
The 50/50 split between profiteers and tree-huggers might reflect the nation as a whole , but it makes for diluted drama .
Promised Land can say whatever it wants about fracking and the environment and big corporate business . What really bothers me about the movie is that it stinks .
Damon 's performance as corporate salesman Steve Butler is one of his best .
Smart , sincere , and timely , with thoughtful , intelligent performances by everyone , until it goes completely off the rails at the end .
Lacking confidence that these didactic speeches will drive its message home , the film throws in a paranoid plot twist from which it never recovers .
Earnest ... preachy . But where 's the desperation of the farmers willing to take Big Oil 's check ? And what 's with the blandly predictable romantic triangle ?
`` Promised Land '' ends up being about two-thirds of a decent film , despite having problems with its characters . Had there been a little more thought put into the ending , perhaps it would have been more satisfying .
This is Damon and Krasinski 's soapbox . And while there is little doubt about where their sympathies lie , they are rarely preachy while telling us .
A well-intentioned look at a fraught issue , but the Damon-Krasinski screenplay ultimately opts for Hollywood oversimplification .
A love triangle involving the two men and a local schoolteacher -LRB- Rosemarie DeWitt -RRB- seems more like a commercial necessity than an integral part of the story , and the small-town types are indifferently realized by director Gus Van Sant .
I really do n't know what this movie is trying to say .
Just as underhanded as the soulless corporations it 's taking to task .
Damon and Krasinski co-wrote the script , and they do a nice job of giving the usual confrontations a gentle and surprising spin .
It 's thrilling to watch a movie you expect to go in one very specific direction instead offer the prospect of something fascinatingly different .
One of several ways this ... picture falls short is in trying to sell a personal-salvation story as a salve to the conundrum it presents .
Promised Land is no Good Will Hunting -LRB- 1997 -RRB- . It brings back director Gus Van Sant and actor Matt Damon , but it 's another example of you ca n't go home again .
`` Promised Land '' offers an experience that 's alternately amusing and frustrating , full of impassioned earnestness as well as saggy sections .
Intelligent , sincere diatribe against venal corporate interests is highly watchable , only marred by an unconvincingly slick denouement .
A resonant cautionary tale .
It 's Mitt Romney in blue jeans , this Promised Land , and we 've all had enough of that .
The film wants to be meaningful , wants to have topical significance and emotional heft , but it arrives mostly empty , and in a year filled with great and memorable films , Promised Land is not worth anyone 's attention .
A transparent message movie which might deserve to be forgiven for moralizing and politicizing , given the urgency of the underlying environmental issue .
Promised Land is one of those rare `` message movies '' that first tells us a great story with great performances , then alerts us to its message .
A very nice movie on a very old-fashioned model ... until it gets to the end , and the end smashes the whole thing in the face with a hammer .
Promised Land wears its ideology on its sleeve , along with its hackneyed plot twists and wholly unbelievable characters .
The movie threatens to become one of those late '60s / early '70s heavy-handed message movies , but it 's somewhat salvaged by Damon 's innate likability and the chemistry among the cast .
Ultimately a well-meaning effort that is simply remarkable for being so unremarkable .
A strong effort from Damon/Krasinski/Van Sant . It 's entertaining , and heck - you may learn something too .
The ` Music Man ' of movies about fracking .
You have to respect Gus Van Sant & Co. for not taking the easy way out ... An experiment with an intriguing hypothesis that just did n't yield the kind of results they were looking for .
This is one of those impassioned message movies that makes its point early on , then beats you over the head with it , haphazardly acknowledging the shades of grey without admitting they have any validity .
Promised Land is high-minded material - but makes for a flaccid viewing experience .
Economic crisis cinema meets ecology noir in this subdued yet strangely disturbing clandestine corporate crime thriller . Provoking reflections on the way things are , but do n't necessarily have to be . In other words , we direct , you decide .
It 's as if the people behind Promised Land only agreed to make the movie if there was an unambiguous `` policy statement '' at the end , and that 's what we 're subjected to .
Interesting movie , but never reaches the greatness or significance it imagines for itself , cursed with a dreadful conclusion that 's strangely non-committal considering all the passions swirling around the material .
Damon and Krasinski have the makings of a decent writing team , but their next script would benefit from a few more revisions .
`` Promised Land '' is a fine place to start appreciating Matt Damon , who always makes it seem as if everybody else is acting and he 's just going through the movie being natural .
Matt Damon 's new film `` Promised Land '' starts off on the right foot - and then shoots itself in it .
Damon wants to put you in Very Serious mode and have you think of `` issue movies '' like `` The China Syndrome , '' but all I could do was laugh and think of `` Lolita . ''
Despite their Everyman appeal , Damon and Krasinski do n't create much by way of emotional investment , instead becoming mirror images of their most mild-mannered , white-bread selves .
-LSB- The movie -RSB- only becomes shakier as it progresses .
Moves at an unassuming , surprisingly intoxicating pace , aware of the ebbs and flows and overall qualities that come with living outside the big cities . If only for a few hours , it 's a place worth visiting .
Though the film eventually caves to sentiment and stereotype , its alert performances and muted rhythms offer much to enjoy in the interim .
While there 's no faulting the talent or good intentions of the people involved , however , they make the mistake of leaving out the spoonful of sugar , which makes the medicine get stuck in your throat . It 's all message and very little movie .
Promised Land is a hard-sell movie because it does n't have the confidence in its audience to make any other outcome seem personally viable , to give the opposition a fighting chance or persuasive voice .
At every turn , and via a simple narrative that is so effortless it barely feels constructed at all , nothing here is quite what it seems , and everything is even more than what it is .
When you add in the plot contrivances that cluster around its finale , `` Promised Land '' concludes as an echo of a convincing film rather than the real deal .
While there 's little doubt about where `` Promised Land '' is going -LRB- you do n't think a Gus Van Sant movie is going to side with a corporation , do you ? -RRB- , it 's a pleasure to watch it go there .
An old-fashioned , painfully earnest film that conjures up a Capra-like populist fable of the little people taking on the powerful , only to switch suddenly into cynical mode in the last act .
Promised Land is a frustrating film to watch . It should be better than this , smarter than this .
It 's a fine line between interesting characters and `` Northern Exposure '' quirk , but the movie mostly stays on the right side of it .
`` Promised Land '' feels divided against itself , not quite sure how to reconcile its polemical intentions with its storytelling impulses , and thus finally unable to fulfill its own promise .
Van Sant convincingly conveys a small-town milieu , and crafts a solid , suspenseful issue film in the vein of `` Erin Brockovich '' or `` Silkwood . ''
The film is way too earnest to inspire much anger . Some messages are better delivered with a flamethrower .
The script is unconvincing ; two key narrative twists , one related to the other , are deeply hokey .
Van Sant 's direction is as subtle as the fracking process itself .
The kind of earnest , oversimplified big-issues drama that Hollywood loves to foist on audiences as seasonal proof of its serious-mindedness .
There 's a lightness of touch here that makes its level-headed advocacy go down smooth as lager , and allows some quiet room for thought .
The wily script and crack cast elevate it beyond the issue-based TV movie it could have been .
A pleasant surprise - a well-directed , well-acted and nuanced look at a controversial political issue . It 's a shame the whole thing just about falls apart at the end .
Promised Land is a potent and powerful look at how the stressed economy is stressing farm communities across America . Director Gus Van Sant finds the human side of a knotty issue .
I certainly agree with its politics . So why did it feel like a preaching-to-the-converted letdown ?
A movie that feels either too long or too short -- a fable that fails to grow into a statement .
No one seems to recognize the irony of making a film about corporate rigging that is itself outrageously rigged .
I give this movie 's costars and creators credit for making a `` message movie '' as palatable and entertaining as Promised Land .
The movie slogs along like a Grant Wood farmer behind his plow .
`` Promised Land '' is more character driven story telling than cautionary environmental tale .
A fracking drama that 's more about the ethical dilemma facing the main character than easy answers to tricky questions .
... a clever moral comedy .
... the film 's biggest drawback is it 's third act twist ...
Sensitive and sympathetic , appealing primarily to environmental activists .
Whatever ambiguity the movie 's core lacks is rebalanced at the surface ; its organic textures are woven on a conspicuously synthetic frame .
About the best thing in this well-meaning but wearying message drama is that it points out -LRB- and , points out -RRB- that some tradeoffs are hard to make .
... This is no vanity project , but a real , solid and legitimate piece of filmmaking .
Fruitful collaboration between director Van Sant and star Damon , which resulted in excellent -LRB- Good Will Hunting -RRB- and idiosyncratic films -LRB- Gerry -RRB- , is now reaponsible for a simplistic message picture that wears its ideology on its sleeves .
` Promised Land ' squeaks by on the strength of its performances .
The refreshingly simple storytelling and authentic small town feel makes it a very special film indeed .
A quietly absorbing if finally somewhat dubious drama about an unlikely anti-corporate crusader .
`` Promised Land '' will probably play best with those invested in the script 's political and social issues , while others may simply dismiss this as a well-meaning message movie .
Promised Land presents its environmental concerns in a clear , upfront manner but hits some narrative and character bumps in the second half that weaken the impact of this fundamentally gentle , sympathetic work .
Gus Van Sant 's new film offends for how it views the struggles of the landowners at the heart of its story as subservient to their oppressor 's triumph of the spirit .
Ca n't help but preach its cause in obvious ways that continually hold back an otherwise well-acted , swiftly paced drama .
The definitive answer to the existential question , ` What the frack ? '

@highlight

The earnest and well-intentioned Promised Land sports a likable cast , but it also suffers from oversimplified characterizations and a frustrating final act .