All in all I really enjoyed this movie . Most reviews of it are extremely negative so I was sort of looking for a few reasons why they reviewed it that way while I was watching it and you know what ? I found nothing that would make this movie terrible .
Ninja Turtles , you made me happy , you just did n't make a good movie .
It 's not a good movie . It 's a badly executed movie .
I ca n't think of one memorable combat scene . How sad is that ?
This movie has fan service for days . I 'm not saying fan makes a movie good , but it 's an entertaining movie because it committed .
It 's good to see the turtles are the focus .
It is 10,000 times better than the first one . The 80 's nostalgia was firing on all cylinders . It was like the old cartoons that we all know and love were brought to life on screen , with minor changes .
Massive flaws aside , Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles : Out of the Shadows is still a step up from the remake unleashed upon us two years ago , thanks to cramming the movie with a bunch of beloved franchise characters
This is strictly popcorn entertainment which is good while it lasts but offers nothing to take back home .
So are the Turtles boring ? Hell no ! They 're still as cool as ever . It 's just that their adventures have become pointless .
It 's derivative but funny and , yes , portals and warthogs are involved .
Do n't get me wrong-it 's bad . It 's just that you probably think it 's a blazing inferno chemical disaster fire , and it 's not . It 's more like a mildly alarming dumpster fire .
Aside from blatant fan pandering , there is nothing this movie has going for it .
A watery diversion in the Brazilian rainforest apart , this noisy , repetitive , nonsensical franchise-extender is a turtle waste of time .
Extraordinarily entertaining , superbly mounted follow-on from the 2014 film .
Crawls up to the level of merely substandard .
It 's empty-headed nonsense , of course , but the action has a rowdy vigour and the turtles ' boisterous high spirits will strike a chord with younger viewers .
At least one more TMNJ is on the way . Let 's hope for better next time .
I 'm not going to say much about the plot other than it 's all as absurd and as nonsensical as it sounds .
Thankfully funnier and less serious than its predecessor , Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles 2 : Out of the Shadows is still juvenile and simplistic storytelling .
This is a vast improvement on the 2014 film , and certainly sets the bar for this summer 's round of blockbusters . Cow a-fun-ga !
Everything about the film feels half-hearted , from its paint-by-numbers plot to its disengaged cast to its occasional stabs at emotional stakes .
Great special effects , good use of 3D and awesome action sequences . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It starts slow but the film picks up with spectacular action sequences that save the film from a very thin script . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's hard to feel tension in a movie this silly but the numerous subplots should hold the attention of the target audience .
Slightly more entertaining than the previous film , this sequel makes a lot more noise . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Their exuberance keeps the goofy film going whenever the ooze dries up , but never fear , the next scene will feature snot , brain fluid or some sort of ooze to satisfy the 10-year-old next to you .
A simple film that channels the spirit of the animated series . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Incompetent but relatively harmless . But unlike most projects bearing the name of producer Michael Bay , it never descends into pure nihilism . -LRB- Splice Today -RRB-
A brilliant spectacle of action , special effects and a great message about family and team work . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The film has a message about integrating the different , but it 's an overall conventional superhero film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
I would change the clumsiness of the customes and the animatronics in exchange for a TMNT movie that does n't feel like a quick-chewed scheme . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A fun movie for having a good time , nothing more than that . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Predictable and uninteresting ; goofier and less believable . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The film follows the same tropes the first one did , but this one does it slightly better . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A heavily sugared and caffeinated spinning kaleidoscope dervish whirling like an arena-sized cotton candy machine , the final product quickly dissolving upon consumption .
Unabashedly fun and goofy , this film offers viewers an entertaining escapist ride .
Is n't a masterpiece by any means , but it 's ten times better than its 2014 predecessor .
-LSB- It -RSB- zips along on childish impulses , a cartoonish view of good and evil , and a genial approach to saving the world that thankfully opts for goofy as opposed to gravitas .
Loud and overly intricate and empty of memorable content .
Pencil this down as a turtle surprise ! Sorry ...
Compared to Captain America : Civil War and even X-Men : Apocaylpse , Out of the Shadows feels like it 's playing in the little league .
This is no one 's idea of a must-see movie , but if your expectations are nil you might be pleasantly surprised .
A gorgeous , hot mess of CGI motion-capture and live action that , while true to the anarchic spirit of the original comics , is also 99 % overkill in virtually all respects .
On the plus side it embraces some of the cartoonish qualities of the various animated series but on the downside it still has Megan Fox in it .
` Turtles ' fails to come out of its shell .
Forget cowabunga , this is cowadunga .
How many villains does a Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles sequel need ? Five ? Really ?
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles : Out of the Shadows does n't look good , has some truly awful dialogue and even the most forgiving Turtle fan may not be able to overlook its manifold shortcomings .
The script is horrible with bad acting , a senseless plot and an ending as weak as a mosquito in a rock concert . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A sequel that relies too much on CGI to work . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
While Out Of the Shadows more than holds its own as a visual spectacle , you may be tempted to hold your nose when taking a whiff of what occurs between the fights , explosions and breaking of stuff .
Action sequel funnier than the first but still only OK .
... not handled particularly well ...
It keeps you entertained but not much else . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Accomplishes nothing that any given episode of the original animated series did n't - only at five times the length and a thousand times the budget .
It 's loud and brash with a mindless plot involving a portal to another dimension and an intergalactic threat . Who am I to argue with the fans ? Besides , the KISS formula -LRB- Keep it Simple , Stupid -RRB- seems to work in this context .
Billions of high-fives and `` awesomes '' clang about as the four snot-coloured pieces of computer coding jump around this insipid villain .
It 's entertaining , an avalanche of action sequences full of humor and not much else . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Shell shock .
Another fan-friendly funny book brought to life ...
Hold on to your childhood memories because the approach of this film franchise will make you question if TMNT is still worth your time .
In `` Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles : Out of the Shadows , '' you can take the fab four out of the sewers and into the light of New York City , but too much dumbness still lurks in the dark .
Kids will respond to the film , but the relentless dumb exuberance is unlikely to win many adult fans .
Achieves the goal the franchise has been reaching for : It 's made for 12-year-olds without ` made for 12-year-olds ' being meant as an insult .
a torturous mindf -- k for any sentient being over the age of infancy .
The most groan-worthy Bay moment comes early on when Megan Fox 's journalist , April O'Neal , manages to find some reasoning to dress up like a nerd girl in a porn skit and a school girl with a hiked-up kilt -- all in one scene .
Much better than the last one , with a firmer handle on what makes this stuff appeal to kids and enough off-kilter elements to keep parents at least semiconscious throughout .
The characters are more in tune with the original cartoon , but it feels like that type of humor does n't entirely work in a live action adaptation . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A super fun , funny summer action flick that taps into adolescent insecurities and touts the importance of teamwork and family .
As in the Transformers movies , one ca n't help feel dismay at how cliché-ridden the plot is , how juvenile the dialogue and how underachieving the whole enterprise is .
A film full of loud noises and flashy effects that is watchable , after a fashion .
There 's ultimately a surprising emotional resonance to Out of the Shadows , especially in the Turtles wondering whether they could ever live normal lives .
This second installment in Bay 's latest franchise is mindless junk , but it 's pretty much on par with its very successful predecessor , and so should satisfy fans of that movie-whoever they were .
Suitably goofy and surprisingly entertaining . Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles : Out of the Shadows effectively demonstrates how a movie series can fix itself when it 's broken .
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles : Out of the Shadows is a faithful adaptation of the fan-favorite 1987 animated series - for better and for worse .
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles : Out of the Shadows is n't so much a movie as it is a product with a really long name . It 's 112 minutes of CGI mayhem , snappy catch phrases and a standard hero plot , all pieced together in a familiar formula .
Character development is set aside to jump quickly from action sequence to action sequence . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This sequel works better because it tries to capture the silly and fun tone of the original animated series . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Overflowing with action , adventure , awesome effects and a logic-free story , this sci-fi sequel will satisfy its target audience .
Out of the Shadows has one important element that lacks from many of its nostalgia-based blockbuster peers : It possesses the conviction of its own silliness .
Feels remarkably like it was conceived and created by -LRB- as opposed to merely for -RRB- 12-year-old boys .
Watching a 7-year-old boy with an overactive imagination play with his four Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle action figures would be more enjoyable and more coherent than what Green and company managed with this film .
A loud , unattractive and most likely successful sequel to the 2014 hit .
A generic , action-heavy movie that looks and feels like other Michael Bay-produced CGI action movies emulating video game visuals at the expense of the characters .
To the surprise of perhaps no one at all , the latest Michael Bay movie is very much a flashy , juvenile , male-fantasy-serving film that will appeal to pre-adolescent viewers , and a turn-off-your-brain movie for older audiences .
` Out of the Shadows ' brings every bizarre facet of their comic book origins into the spotlight for an exercise in fan service that should leave them satisfied .
Out of the Shadows does n't contain a single whiff of what originally made Leonardo , Donatello , Raphael , and Michelangelo -- or their chemistry as a team -- so appealing .
It 's very dumb , but you already knew that . That said , the action scenes are well done and Bebop and Rocksteady are the cutest movie couple of the year .
Goofy where the previous installment was gritty , and graceful where the previous installment was chaotic , this sequel is such a huge step in the right direction that it may be more accurate to think of it as a mulligan .
Being a human in this movie is a fairly thankless task .
This is the kind of movie that leaves you with the impression that more thought was put into catchphrases and fan service than into a compelling plot , thoughtful characterizations or imaginative action choreography .
In a world in which our comic book movies have become dark and serious almost to the point of self-parody , reaching a zenith with this year 's `` Batman v Superman , '' `` Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles : Out of the Shadows '' is a refreshing breath of levity .
Imagination does n't always shine , but `` Out of the Shadows '' has cartoon spirit , a warm sense of brotherly bonding , and a newfound interest in pleasing audiences .
For everything the film improves over the original , it ultimately winds up mired in the exact same problems .
You ca n't say this movie is going for subtlety .
Its openly mercenary ethos initially scan as a bracing lack of pretense in a market crammed to the gills with insidious faux-sentimentality , but its overstuffed relentlessness proves almost equally tedious .
Most of this comes off like recycled material , busy yet never that engaging . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Profanity , etc. - Also Available -RRB-
X-Men , Avengers , and everything Transformers : These were the ingredients chosen to create this unnecessary sequel but director Dave Green accidentally added an extra something to the concoction-Chemical Cliché .
These ninja warriors must be approaching the end of their teens now , which surely means the end of the road .
School will soon be out , and so will the children for which this fast-paced CGI exposition is made .
`` Out of the Shadows '' is by no means a really good pizza , but if you liked the last film , it 's worth a slice .
Adults in the audience will be left cold by the overzealous winks , ballistics , and farts .
The best superhero flick of the past few months , delivering a ninja-kick to the recent adventures of Superman , Batman and Captain America .
A headache-inducing $ 135 million sequel to the 2014 blockbuster , TMNT : OOTS becomes intolerable after about 32 seconds .
This one at least seems to know it 's stupid and the story , incomprehensible as it is , offers more opportunity for levity , which you sorely need in a movie with a cartoon warthog picking its nose .
Not bad at all . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Even though Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles : Out of the Shadows may not inspire many new adult fans into the turtles ' world , it delivers a vastly improved follow-up to the 2014 reboot and a fun sci-fi action/adventure in its own right .
The sequel still is n't as good as the series is capable of delivering , but it 's a mildly entertaining diversion that shows signs of improvement .
The filmmakers fully embraced the zany fun and outlandishness of the TMNT universe . The result is a surprisingly faithful take that actually does justice to the property .
Out of the Shadows will certainly please a whole lot of turtle fans out there .
Soulless , by-committee tripe . An unctuously busy follow-up that never takes a breather long enough to concern itself with the people -- humans as well as reptiles -- involved .
The movie on the whole pitches itself at the volume and subtlety level required to reach an audience of hyperactive nine-year-olds .
A movie where the roundhouse kicks land considerably better than the quips .
This movie is , it happens , easier to sit through than the 2014 film .
We 're well beyond the realms of good and bad with this material .
Despite the title , the wisecracking turtles named for Renaissance painters are never allowed to shine . It 's a bummer , dude .
So -LRB- barely -RRB- pubescent .
My , how far we have to go to feel so little consequence .
While clunkier and goofier than its predecessor , Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles : Out of the Shadows still entertains , packing in high-flying action , laughs and unabashed affection and homage to the characters we know and love .
A blockbuster film that is actually proposing something other summer movies are n't : a visual language . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An improvement over the last Ninja Turtles , but only in the way that a mild cold is an improvement over the flu .
There 's a heavy-handed emphasis on the importance of brotherhood and being true to yourself , but mostly , the emotional stuff takes a backseat to all the pizza , pranks , and flaming garbage trucks that shoot manhole covers like projectiles .
It will make you miss the playfulness , pop colors and grace of the original 90 's trilogy . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
TMNT 2 : Out Of The Shadows is in fact a kids movie ... for those who go to the theatre and for the ones we have inside . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
April seems to exist in the movie mostly as a hyper-competent tool to move the plot forward , and for a scene that gratuitously dresses her up as a schoolgirl fetish object for no reason .
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles : Out of the Shadows not only recognizes nostalgia , but directly exploits it .
Better title : `` When Really Ugly CG Creatures Fight . ''
The heroes in a half shell finally get a worthy movie with Out of the Shadows . It captures the spirit of the 80 's cartoon and comic books .
As with the best popcorn flicks , Out of the Shadows offers plenty of mindless entertainment and mind-numbing silliness ...
More cacophonous than cinematic , and loses the quirky charm of the cartoon in the avalanche of computer-generated violence .
Your 11-year-old is going to love this film . Then he 'll grow up and wonder what he was thinking .
`` Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles : Out of the Shadows '' is a Saturday morning cartoon on Michael Bay steroids . For the under 12 set , that 's fine . For the rest of us ? It 's something to actively avoid .
Like a well-plated but nutrition-free meal , it registers on the senses while being bad for you .
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles : Out of the Shadows comes off as less a film and more a grouping of shortcuts to our collective cinematic and cultural unconscious . This time , you do n't need to turn off the TV , you just do n't have to go .
To say that -LSB- this movie -RSB- is better than its 2014 predecessor is n't exactly abundant praise . Alas , it 's just about all the praise there is to give .
It 's the same formula as before with a little more soul-searching from the turtles , and , thankfully , less creepy flirting .
At a time when the market is flooded with serious superhero films , something light and kid-friendly like Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles : Out of the Shadows is very refreshing .
Out Of The Shadows is every bit as mercenary , nonsensical , and loud as a typical Michael Bay production -LRB- the pop soundtrack cues may be even louder , and make even less sense -RRB- .
Take one part 3-D visual bombast , add a healthy dose of non-stop action and sprinkle in one helluva silly storyline -- plus those fast-talking , even faster-moving hard-shell siblings -- and you have the essence of -LSB- TMNT : Out of the Shadows -RSB- .
Moderately tasty junk food , `` Out of the Shadows '' is practically filet mignon in comparison to the indigestible 2014 reboot . Packed with better action and a smidgeon more emotional resonance , this sequel remains a rather clattering and crude affair .
There is no doubt that Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles : Out of the Shadows is head-and-shell better than its predecessor .
Saying the second ` Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles ' is an improvement over the first is like saying you 'd rather be poisoned than stabbed , or drinking rancid milk is preferable to guzzling motor oil .
More half-assed than half-shelled .
A shocking 180-degree turnaround from its atrocious predecessor , ` Out of the Shadows ' is exactly the movie you wanted two years ago .
Shiny and stupid
It 's quickly apparent , unlike last time , that you are watching a movie made by and for fans .
A feature-length endurance test for anyone who 's outgrown a nostalgic appetite for this particular blend of cheeseball comedy and spastic action .
Every bit as noisy , brain-numbing and lowbrow as its predecessor , the Michael Bay production never strays from basic blockbuster formula .
To say that this installment of the latter series is superior to its predecessor is damning it with faint praise , but it 's likely to reasonably satisfy tykes -LRB- and certain nostalgic oldsters-you know who you are -RRB- .
It 's like this movie has a strange kind of power ... a ` turtle power ' if you will ... that annihilates all of the cynicism in its path .
The Turtles ' place in today 's superhero landscape is an odd one , operating somewhere ibetween Marvel 's streamlined efficiency and DC 's foreboding inconsistency . Out of the Shadows tries to incorporate elements of both and ends up a soupy mess .
It is not the worst superhero movie this year ... but your mileage will vary , especially for those with little interest in old , reheated cinematic pizza .
There 's lots of noise and mayhem but this is glorified kids ' matinee fare at heart . It 's a pity to see an actress as accomplished as Laura Linney reduced to playing the Commissioner Gordon-like role .
Considerably better than its predecessor , the central four may give it their all but the people behind this franchise sadly do n't seem all that interested in their crime-fighting , pizza-eating heroes .
This is a film for fans of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles , and it feels like an affectionate , energetic effort , clearly coming from a place of real appreciation for why these characters have endured .
When Michael Bay is a producer , is it in the fine print that a female lead must strut in slo-mo while wearing a tight , white blouse to be obligingly leered at ?
Longer , louder and boasting even more hardware , it does everything to generate the illusion of bleeding-edge bang-per-buck , while cribbing shamelessly from 1991 's Secret of the Ooze .
It wo n't change the face of comic-book movies forever -- but then it was clearly never intended to do so .
At best maintaining the meagre standard set by its critically mauled precursor , the heroes in a half-shell are back for a tonally obnoxious , patience-testing second outing .
Leaden and witless , though it obviously believes there is humor in its loud , chaotic juvenility . It would be an insult to cartoons to call this cartoonish .
This second live-action film -LSB- is -RSB- a blend of kinetic violence , bizarre aliens and actors the calibre of Laura Linney wondering what on earth they 've got themselves into .

@highlight

Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles : Out of the Shadows is a slight improvement over its predecessor , but still lacks the wit or anarchic energy of the comics that birthed the franchise .