Felony is too close to generic ; another story about gruff Australian coppers , and god knows we 've had plenty of those . As the moral stakes increased for Mal and his colleagues I found it difficult to care , because I felt as if I 'd seen it all before
It 's unfortunately weighted down by a plodding pace and a depressing , dull narrative that reveals nothing about the characters or human morality .
A deeply cynical movie masquerading as a complex moral dilemma , the Australian drama `` Felony '' proves only that skilled actors and slick photography can tart up even the most problematic script .
Starring a trio of top male actors in splendid roles , the intricate , intimate `` Felony '' is a police story crossed with a perceptive psychological drama .
It 's a rare treat to see a suspenseful crime drama delivered with so much nuance and restraint .
There 's nothing glamorous about Felony 's depiction of police work . These are stressed-out cops , flailing under pressure .
It 's potentially juicy morality-play material , but Edgerton 's script does nothing novel with it , so that most of Felony is a long , drawn-out slog
It 's an impressive piece of writing , keeping one hand on formula while the other searches for the truth of the moment , finding all sorts of unseemly and desperate behavior to dissect .
Strong acting all ` round helps , but unfortunately this is just a slow ride to nowhere .
It 's Wilkinson who 's the true standout as a boozy , belligerent , woefully compromised soul .
Not even the always dynamic Tom Wilkinson ... can save Felony from Edgerton 's preachy screenplay and a performance that lacks personality and a clear point of view .
A lifeless Australian morality play about three corrupt police officers who cover up a hit-and-run .
Directed with contained intensity and sharp character observation by Matthew Saville , the brooding thriller covers familiar territory but does so with sustained tension and psychological complexity .
It reveals itself to be a profoundly cynical movie posing as a work of idealism , and it 's all the more insidious because it 's otherwise so bland and forgettable .
Felony is n't interest in asteroidal impact , its focus is the butterfly wings that flap and whip up a hurricane ; Edgerton , Courtney , George , Wilkinson and Roberts are the collateral damage .
Actors may be the new screenwriters .
This is a smart , sophisticated film , one without obvious heroes and villains , a fine addition to the honour roll of recent Australian crime dramas including Animal Kingdom , Snowtown , Last Ride and Mystery Road .
This is a thought-provoking thriller that asks interesting questions .
An uncomfortably real film about corruption and deceit in the NSW police force .
An outstanding , tautly directed , superbly acted film that again proves , as did Animal Kingdom , that Australian filmmakers have a distinctive knack for quality crime dramas that dig deeply into character and the morals that motivate their actions .
Edgerton and Saville have refused to short-change any of their characters , and their complexities ensure an ending that makes you think -- and go on thinking about one of the finest Australian films to come along this year .
The sheer perseverance of all involved -LRB- including director Matthew Saville , whose work is superb here -RRB- pays one hell of a positive -LRB- if punishing -RRB- dividend .
This is gritty cop stuff at its finest . It smells authentic , the dilemmas are immediate and relatable , and the suspense is relentless . And that 's just the first five minutes . See it .
I think the script is excellent and I think the plotting is interesting because this is a film not about police corruption but about police covering up for police and I think it 's been well thought out
There 's an evenness to the direction that slightly inhibits complete engagement but this is another really fine Australian film .
A rich and engaging screenplay that borrows from the police procedural and blends it with the themes of a morality play makes Felony compelling viewing .
The swaying of the moral tightrope brings tension , contemplation and alarm in this taut and absorbing psychological thriller . . A cracker of a film
At its best , it reminds of the powerful corrupt-cop dramas directed by Sydney Lumet . At its worst , it 's rampart with the kind of stodgy plot problems that haunts many an Australian dramatic feature .
Thanks to Saville 's tightly controlled direction and a superlative cast , the mere exchange of glances builds as much suspense as the kinetic action sequence that opens the pic .
... a better-than-average thriller that bodes well for Edgerton 's future endeavors as a screenwriter ...
Felony is n't a federal case of a bad film , but it 's certainly a serious misdemeanor , one whose crime is running away from the challenge the story sets up , to settle on something cheap and conventional .
An outstanding , mostly Australian cast working with a morally complex script by lead actor Joel Edgerton makes Felony an absolutely gripping and realistic crime tale .

@highlight

Felony covers familiar ground but does so with uncommon style , thanks to a thought-provoking script , sharp direction , and powerful work from a talented cast .