Ed Helms delivers some dialed-down , hilarious moments that never feel like second-rate gags .
Not as funny as it seems to think it is , but there are considerable pleasures to be found around the margins .
a fun little movie that really strikes a balance between comfortable friendliness and crazy silliness
The risks Cedar Rapids takes may not always pay off , but as a general rule , I would advise spending 86 minutes of your life with the movie rather than the city itself .
While this is n't destined to be remembered as a great standout comedy ... it is still guaranteed to provide a few giggles and knee-slaps .
With `` Cedar Rapids , '' the filmmakers seem to put too much faith in their material , thinking that it would be funny enough to carry the whole film without them having to put too much thought into the story . Sadly , they were quite mistaken .
You 've already heard what Cedar Rapids has to say , but the ensemble cast does a good job of going over the same ground so that you do n't mind covering it with them .
The cast is inherently likable , and the comedy is pleasantly sweet-natured -LRB- even if crack pipes , c-bombs and references to The Wire abound -RRB- .
... I wanted to spend more time with these characters ...
There 's a restraint and sweetness to the raunch that keeps it below the threshold of certain other R-rated comedies about away-from-home shenanigans gone bawdily awry .
The supporting cast are uniformly excellent too , particular Reilly , whose blow-hard Deanzie gradually reveals a softer , empathetic side .
Hopelessly benign but still boisterous enough to deliver a mild buzz .
Everyone does good work here , but for Helms this is a breakout role , and he delivers . Cedar Rapids is a modest but disarming comedy that will leave a smile on your face ...
Engagingly funny .
Cedar Rapids is at its best when it pushes Helms into uncomfortable situations and makes him figure them out . But the movie remains less than completely satisfying
Cardboard caricatures of midwesterners make for a few easy laughs
Everyone will leave feeling like they just had a properly-sized snack of delicious popcorn when they really wanted a juicy burger . It 's responsible and you do n't regret it , but it does n't go down in history either .
A kind of American Pie for young adults , there is much amiable and good-hearted humour here amongst the cruder elements and the strange nether-world of conventions is amusingly captured .
What happens in `` Cedar Rapids '' does n't stay in Cedar Rapids ... Excellent news for film-goers in the mood for something hilariously off-kilter .
It 's funny , offensive , well acted and pointless .
Cedar Rapids is both funny and perceptive with a sympathetic mixture of boorish , calculating and innocent-abroad behaviour .
What makes it work is the real sense of warmth and affection that grows between the characters , lending the film an appealing sweetness that has become all too rare in American comedy .
Comedy seldom comes as good-natured as Cedar Rapids , a fish-out-of-water story in which a Midwestern innocent discovers sex , drugs and cream sherry in the big city .
Cedar Rapids is a lot less funny than it thinks it is with a pretty testing childish zaniness .
Admittedly , some episodes strain credibility , but we are resolutely behind the morally flawed protagonists every stumble of the way .
While never getting bogged down in the moral question of whether Tim needed to see a world outside his happy bubble , this film has enough laughs to keep it going .
Not many movies manage to be filthy but sweet . This one brings it off .
Cedar Rapids slowly squanders its apparently fruitful set-up , heading towards a weak , sappy ending that tries for sweetness , but leaves a sickly saccharine aftertaste .
Plenty of passing laughs , but some coarse overacting , not to mention a phoned-in , Capra-esque message of singular banality .
This crowd-pleaser is not Arteta 's defining piece , but its feel-good nature and big heart bolster your spirits .
With raunchy jokes and pointed sideswipes at religious hypocrisy , the film takes its bearings from Reilly 's Deanzie - vulgar on the outside , but warm-hearted and sincere underneath
It may sound a flimsy premise , but director Miguel Arteta delivers a laugh-out-loud ride that plays like a white-collar executive take on Animal House , and Phil Johnston 's script is awash with quotable one-liners .
Its breezy charm papers over narrative cracks and minor annoyances .
It 's beautifully acted , well-observed and very funny .
What really makes things work is Helms ' genuinely endearing dweeb , a gauche smalltown hero who shows that good guys do end up on top . Of Anne Heche .
Sharply written and astutely directed , this is an enjoyable , frequently funny comedy with likeable characters and great comic performances from a superb cast .
A foul-mouthed but good-natured comedy roughly in the Apatow mould .
More man-child high-jinks in a comedy which seems to be looking down its nose at smalltown America 's terminally unhip , but proves good-hearted and delivers enough laughter to seal the deal .
One of those sunny-natured indie comedies that comes out of nowhere to put a smile on your face .
Cedar Rapids ca n't decide if it wants to be an R-rated romp or much sweeter comedy-drama , and in the end , falls inadequately between the two .
Effectively a coming-of-age comedy set 25-odd years later than normal . Tim Lippe 's a 40-year-old in the body of a 15-year-old with the haircut of a four-year-old .
All hail the mighty Ed Helms for yet another masterclass in comedy and pathos .
The undeniably sweet `` Cedar Rapids '' should further the rise of actor Ed Helms .
A terrific little movie full of characters who are worth meeting .
Raunchy dialogue hides a sweet center , but the movie never really comes to life .
Reilly and Helms have excellent on-screen chemistry as unlikely best buds , which turns Cedar Rapids into a surprisingly effective bromance that is hobbled only by its overly conventional ending .
One of the things I admire most about director Miguel Arteta 's films -LRB- including Chuck & Buck and The Good Girl -RRB- is that he shows such compassion for his characters .
Cedar Rapids worth visiting .
It 's really more amusing than it is fall-out-of-your-seat funny . ... There 's a general lack of any real edge here -- though not for a lack of trying .
The sweetness and -- dare we say it ? -- innocence of this sometimes rude comedy will be no surprise to fans of director Miguel Arteta , whose previous films -- ` Chuck & Buck , ' ` Youth in Revolt ' -- displayed genuine empathy for underdogs and oddballs .
Blobby hybrid of frat-dude slapstick and Alexander Payne-approved Middle America smirking
The Hangover cast member ca n't quite carry a feature on his own . This one is not all that funny anyway , and its comic elements eventually become redundant
Decadence is a state of mind . When that state is Iowa as in Cedar Rapids , the running joke is that everything dirty is drenched with naivete . Rather than ridiculing Midwestern values - as Hollywood could do - this movie embraces its inner yokel .
This goofy fish-out-of-water comedy is deeply endearing . As it follows its central character on a clumsy voyage of discovery , we ca n't help but laugh even as we try not to recognise ourselves in him .
Cedar Rapids is a low-rent version of the sort of raunchy comedy that 's all the rage these days , but it wears its modesty rather well .
One of the welcome surprises of `` Cedar Rapids '' is that while you start out laughing at them , by the end of the movie you 're rooting for them . For such a raunchy crowd-pleaser , the movie turns out to have a kind heart .
No mere fish out of water tale - more akin to scraping oceanic plankton off the back of a humpback whale and slapping it on the glittered midriffs of Chuck Sheen 's poolside bevy of goddesses .
There 's not much to take from Cedar Rapids but a nice evening 's entertainment . It plays some with subverting the clichés of the xenophobic Midwest , but only a little . It 's more interested in following a standard path , but that 's okay .
Even when it goes off the rails , it is kept grounded by the decency and humanity of Helms ' character .
It 's just so endearingly dorky .
The least this tepid comedy could do is provide a vibrant sense of humor . Instead , it 's a riff-heavy , wildly formulaic modern comedy that uses stereotypes and improvisations in a gentle , but tedious manner to bring the laughs .
These folk are undistinguished yet distinctive , and the film , for all the familiar grind of its plotting , pays them their honest due .
What might have been an incisively comic lampoon of religious hypocrisy and personal sanctimony instead becomes a too-earnest embarrassment comedy that easily amuses but rarely finds big laughs ...
Thanks to a surprisingly touching , while also hilarious performance by Helms and a savvy script from newcomer Phil Johnston , Cedar Rapids is a refreshing change from the norm .
Does n't ask its cast to detour too far from personalities they 've played in past projects .
A bit of the sort of indie preciousness often associated with Sundance , but it 's still a winning , entertaining and very funny film .
... hilariously traces one man 's morally perilous journey toward honesty and truth .
... not nearly as funny or insightful as it thinks it is , but I will say this for Phil Johnston 's script : it runs like clockwork right down to the crises which show up predictably at 30 and 60 minutes in .
Cedar Rapids is a small , endlessly charming comedy . It 's not laugh-a-minute , but the characters will leave you smiling long after you 've left the theater .
The movie finds a happy medium in balancing crude and raunchy humor with sweet emotional moments . It wins the audience over from the opening scene .
`` Cedar Rapids '' is funny , raunchy and goofy , but it also has heart and underlying warmth that makes it most appealing .
Considering it has to do with infidelity , bribery , drugs , drinking , loutish behavior , fraud and prostitution , Cedar Rapids is really kind of a sweet movie .
Cedar Rapids takes an inordinate number of wrong turns , but it also has an inordinate number of good laughs mixed in with the not-so-good ones .
Although the ads pitch it as being somewhere between The Office and The Hangover , Cedar Rapids is actually a semisweet charmer of a movie that fluxes between edgy comedy and palpable pathos .
Detailed and consistently funny observation of small-town sincerity muddling through a dog-eat-dog world .
These are characters it 's a pleasure to spend time with and the movie knows it .
In the dying days of an era when `` big city '' has been a relative term , the sales-convention comedy `` Cedar Rapids '' is a loving tribute to American innocence .
`` Cedar Rapids '' is a fish-out-of-water story that never strays far from a formula and yet still manages to feel fresh .
It 's yet another comedy that 's trying too hard to sell something past its date .
Helms delivers a performance of touching delicacy , one almost as remarkable as that of Tom Hanks in Big .
Like a slightly twisted , modern-day Frank Capra fable ...
I imagine the director , Miguel Arteta , is the reason the movie succeeds as well as it does . He mutes the obnoxiousness and concentrates on the performances , nearly all of which are excellent and marked by a sense of real camaraderie .
Reilly is an absolute hoot as a glad-handing carouser with an inexhaustible supply of cheesy catchphrases , while Heche finds unexpected depth as a wife and mother on the prowl .
We brace ourselves for a zillion low-hanging jokes about Olive Garden restaurants , but `` Cedar Rapids '' mostly avoids them , and introduces us instead to a series of unpredictable characters , nicely sketched by a very good cast .
-LSB- A -RSB- slyly complex and broadly comic farce about innocence , corruption , and the gray areas between .
A really entertaining effort , aided by some terrific performances .
Ed Helms and company seem like they 're mocking middle-America vanilla-ness , which is ripe for mocking , but they also want to embrace it with a cuddly ending .
When he lands in the title town and experiences it as if it were Las Vegas , we laugh with him as well as at him .
Friendly , unassuming and just a little dull ... the sort of movie you wo n't mind visiting once , but probably wo n't want to return to again .
The contrast between Tim 's small town life and the near debauchery of big town Cedar Rapids makes this a real stranger in a strange land yarn .
One of Miguel Arteta 's most amiable films , Cedar Rapids blends elements of Capra and Sturges small-town features while displaying the director 's sensibility of subversive optimism and the comedy of embarrassment
Cross the old fashioned values of Frank Capra with the raunch of Judd Apatow and you just might come up with something like `` Cedar Rapids . ''
Ed Helms finally gets a starring role to call his own in Cedar Rapids , but John C. Reilly swipes the movie out from under him .
At 80-some minutes , the film is about the right length with a decent register of laughs . What gets lost is what I suspect is a more rounded comedy about religious hypocrisy and not judging a person 's inner goodness by their outer conduct .
Cedar Rapids is a quirky comedy that crossbreeds two common cinematic staples : the mismatched buddy movie and the fish-out-of-water scenario .
Such sweetness makes the raunch in this honestly funny movie even funnier .
might not be the raunchfest the trailer teases , but that 's OK . Rapids is a refreshingly sweet film about characters .
wistfully subversive optimism
Cedar Rapids is hugely funny not because it 's outrageous , but because it 's smart , relatable and creates a camaraderie between its quartet of leads .
-LSB- The -RSB- corporate satire is n't especially sharp , but the mood throughout is consistently warm and likable .
Cedar Rapids is shaggy and goofy and smart and quirky in all the best ways .
When this mix of hopeful and edgy works , you get something like `` Little Miss Sunshine . '' And when it does n't , you get a cocktail with a bad smell , one part sunny to two parts vulgar .
Terrific ensemble cast in a smart , funny , sometimes sweet little film .
There 's definitely plenty to laugh about in Cedar Rapids , there just is n't too much to applaud about .
Sure , it may make you uncomfortable while you laugh . But only if you 've gotten a little too comfortable laughing at small-town squares .
The movie belongs to Helms and Reilly , ringleaders who barely seem to notice that the script from Phil Johnston favors easy jokes and obvious setups . They , and the others , give this minor movie major heart .
The gifted Reilly is now almost principally a comedic actor -- and with good reason . He 's the most lovable of goof balls , with his eyes rolling around his sockets crazily and a voice that sounds drunk even when it 's sober .
These corn-fed Rotarians are such a cuddly bunch , and the movie 's barbs are so pudding-soft , that it 's not hard to get caught up in all the gee-whizzery .
Raunchy comedy is packed with sex , drinking , and swearing .
Screenwriter Phil Johnston gets a surprising amount of comic mileage from the familiar premise of staid Rotary Club types getting crazy in a strange town , and there are some decent laughs from Helms 's fellow conventioneers and partners in crime .
Miguel Arteta 's comedy takes a while to find its mojo , but gets there eventually with humanity and heart .
An ultimately light satire of middle-American sanctimony and hypocrisy .
Cedar Rapids is both hilarious and heartfelt . It 's also powered by a dream cast , led by the outstanding Ed Helms .
Like the location of Iowa in regard to the rest of the country , the film ends up right in the middle . Not enough of this , not enough of that . However , it is Helms ' daffy sweetness that redeems the whole .
Helms 's gifts still seem better suited for the small , situation-based set pieces he has done on `` The Office '' and `` The Daily Show With Jon Stewart . ''
Overall , Cedar Rapids has enough laughs and charm to insure a good time .
It 's a reliable set-up for farce , but somehow Cedar Rapids never breaks free of its influences to establish its own rhythm .
The trouble with embarrassment comedies is we do n't all squirm at the same places .
A breath of early spring in the winter movie graveyard .
... an agreeable little comedy that gets plenty of mileage out of its quirky premise and its impressively off-kilter cast .
If you are n't in the mood for Adam Sandler this weekend -LRB- and , who really is ? -RRB- , check out Cedar Rapids as your alternative comedy choice .
The word `` meh '' was coined for films such as this .
Cedar Rapids is n't hard-hitting , but it is wise in its own dippy way , and in Ed Helms ' Tim Lippe is a protagonist written with uncommon affection .
Astute depiction of the inevitable corny humor and cheesy networking activities of business gatherings , gutsy performances , and genuine affection for its characters .
Through the sites and through the attitudes of the characters , and between the words they say , you get an appreciation of how people live and think in that unexplored territory known as the Midwest .
The main thing about `` Cedar Rapids '' is that it makes you laugh-often and out loud .
Though the comedy in `` Cedar Rapids '' is Arteta 's broadest yet , the film reflects the care he takes with his cast , the sort that helped reveal an acting depth no one suspected from Jennifer Aniston in 2002 's `` The Good Girl . ''
This is a Frank Capra-meets-Judd Apatow comedy with a sweetness-laced ribaldry .
Cedar Rapids is a strange little movie -- a borderline dark comedy one minute , and a raucous frat comedy the next .
It is smart , witty and extremely entertaining . What 's even better is that it truly respects its characters , treating them with a surprising amount of respect giving the film an emotional center that connected right to the core of my heart .
The jokes sing as well as zing .
Cedar Rapids is agreeable , but no wands are waved . And it 's amusing , but not knee-slappingly so .
A rollicking comedy about the transformation of a sheltered and insecure insurance salesman while attending a convention .
The cast , anchored by sweetly goofy Ed Helms , redeems the film at every turn , adding humor and dimension to characters who might have otherwise drowned in tacky grotesquerie .
2011 's first thoroughly enjoyable comedy
The less uptight ... will have an amusing enough time ... and some might even be glad that here Arteta 's removed enough edge from his man-child hero that there 's no chance of any of his quirks resonating in one 's head ...
Modest in every way , the screenplay by Phil Johnston is enjoyable in the telling even when the details smack of contrivance .
This foursome has better , funnier chemistry than the gang in The Hangover , and -LSB- Helms ' character 's -RSB- only known them for a couple days .
No more and no less than its premise suggests , the film delivers the laughs .
The film 's director , Miguel Arteta , understands that real laughter grows from characters . He has a rich start with Lippe , played by Helms as a man who is thrilled even to go through security at the airport .
If it resembles an inflated pilot episode for a raunchy sitcom more than a motion picture , at least it looks like a show that wo n't bore you or insult your intelligence .
How can a movie so rude and crude also be endearingly hilarious ? In the case of this slight and sort of sweet comedy , we can thank a handful of actors far better than their material .
Within the structure of a conventional , well-built comedy fable about an innocent among bigger-city sophisticates - a screenplay bull 's - eye for relative newcomer -LRB- and native Wisconsinite -RRB- Phil Johnston - is something truly original .
It 's a movie that needs to look down its nose for its laughs , which generally is n't the best place to find them .
There 's a whole lot of swearin ' in this otherwise sweet film about conventioneers gone wild , with producer Alexander Payne further establishing his comic brand .
A scathing Christopher Guest satire and a raucous Hangover-style comedy are waiting to get out . What we have instead is genial and sporadically funny , in the mushy middle .
This crude aping of every hack from Judd Apatow to the Farrelly brothers represents the worst of what is happening in film today ...
Ping-pongs between empathetic chuckles at Helms 's charming social awkwardness and putting him through a raunchfest ringer .
A mild comedy of embarrassment , set in the dark heart of Middle America .
Ed Helms seeks post-Hangover glory as a meek Midwest insurance peddler out of his depth , but John C. Reilly steals this patchy wild-weekend farce as Mr. Bad Example .
Though it has some heart , the film does n't hit the funny bone like its trailer teased .
Despite some of the raunchiest dialogue in recent memory , there is an undeniable sweetness that makes it hard to resist . The fact that it is consistently funny does n't hurt .
It helps that Reilly is the opposite of a slob-comic . With his hangdog melancholy , he makes even the nonstop cunnilingus allusions poignant -- the product of emotional longing .
-LSB- VIDEO -RSB- Ed Helms comfortably nails his part as small-town insurance salesman Tim Lippe with just the right amount of internal anguish .
A reasonably successful attempt to capitalize on Helms ' skills .
The assembled cast is stellar and they make the most of each scene .
If you 're a fan of Helms or Reilly , neither of them disappoint , but with so many strong elements , we were hoping for something a bit more memorable .
Midwesterners going wild may not sound like an original idea for a comedy , but they really become a team . With each character contributing to the wacky , it becomes a unique combination .
Well-worth seeing for a couple of good chuckles .
Helms is at his best when reacting to others , which is one of the reasons he has made such an effective ensemble player in recent years .



@highlight

It 's as conventional as its Midwestern setting , but Cedar Rapids boasts a terrific cast and a script that deftly blends R-rated raunch and endearing sweetness .