Still , this is a film worth seeing and pondering the lifelong effect of parental decisions or indecisions on their children . At the root of everything is forgiveness and an ability to just get on with it .
An insignificant film without personality . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The movie is an appeal to the most general audience possible , lacking the necessary spark to find the right audience .
This all could have been resolved with a single conversation .
these kind of movies push the buttons so hard and so shamelessly that they become annoying
Alex Kurtzman taps his family tree for enough sap to start a treacle factory .
-LRB- ... -RRB- the cinematography offers domestic drama pleasures in its own right . Thank you for caring , Salvatore Totino -LRB- Cinderella Man / Any Given Sunday -RRB- .
There 's an intriguing true story buried inside this overly structured drama , and by playing by simplistic screenwriting rules the filmmakers make everything trite and predictable .
People like me who prefer subtlety just wo n't like People Like Us .
Kurtzman directs with a heavy hand and huge earnestness , but it boils down to trite platitudes about fatherhood and family .
Nothing Like Us would have been more accurate .
Chris Pine 's alpha obnoxiousness , even when deliberate , goes a long way to render this prodigal-son drama unappetising .
Engaging , enjoyable and unabashedly sentimental drama , enlivened by a strong script and tremendous performances from a superb cast .
People like you may enjoy it .
The ending is not only clever , but it will have an emotional kick , too , in all but the hardest of hearts .
Banks makes a feisty soccer-mom , Wilde has nothing to do but look frostily on , and Pine smoulders pointlessly at everyone he meets , completely failing to suggest anything but complete vapidity .
No gimmicks , quirks or high-concept premise : this is one of those rare , quietly engaging films that is simply about ordinary people trying to relate to each other .
Fans of Pine 's eyebrows will enjoy all the bushy furrowing , but otherwise , there are more important things to cry about .
Certain elements of the plot are uneven but a number of captivating performances and an intriguing premise elevate People Like Us above standard drama fare .
People Like Us is well-meaning and features good performances , but the story is a mess of contrivances and dumb narrative decisions that fail to hold any interest .
People Like Us was n't made for me . If it was made for you , you 'll probably like it , if you do n't spend the entire running time waiting for two siblings to make out .
An affectionate drama marked and buoyed by engaging performances . The movie 's apex of catharsis is a genuinely nice payoff , but the home stretch it takes to get there bends a bit too much toward convenience .
... rises above its Lifetime-channel trappings ...
Examines the costs of broken , fatherless relationships in subtle but direct ways . Yet it is not a downer of a movie , nor is it superficially cheery . A great cast helps .
Alex Kurtzman , in his directorial debut , delivers a compelling and emotional dramedy about a man who discovers he has a sister he knew nothing about .
Both improbable and dull .
There 's absolutely no reason why anyone should like a formulaic story like this , except for that mysterious thing called `` chemistry . '' It works perfectly .
Finally a movie with a realistic or at least possible plot , and Pfeiffer and Banks show their talent .
The formidable talent of the cast believably turns the contrivance-navigating characters into -LRB- yes -RRB- people like us .
It 's a pic that could have been real bad if the actors did n't give it a heart and a measure of sincerity .
Director Alex Kurtzman occasionally makes some decisions that undermine the veracity of the tale .
... wonderful acting by Banks , Pine , D'Addario , and Pfeiffer complement the the excellence and tenderness of the story .
Comes across as forced and manipulative .
We 've been here a hundred times before
Best of all is Elizabeth Banks ... Come to think of it , Banks is frequently the best thing about any movie in which she appears -- tell me again why she is n't a huge star ?
It seems ridiculous to dance around plot details when the movie allows the audience to get ahead of the story and to stay there as events laboriously unfold .
Everybody gets angry at each other because no one talks or uses reason .
This cinematic gem is the perfect counter-programming to the typical noisy summer blockbusters . It grabs you by the heartstrings and elicits a deeply felt emotional pull . The ending will leave you in tears .
Would I be out of line assuming this soap opera is going to end with a lot of big hugs ?
a perfectly acceptable ` Jerry Maguire ' - lite for people who like to put their noses in other people 's problems .
I ca n't imagine that this film would n't have been considerably better if it moved at a brisker pace .
It 's encouraging to see a wielder of studio heft test his mettle with the all-too-human . In a season of superheroes and their nemeses , Kurtzman takes on characters hurting , hoping , trying to rise to the occasion of family .
People Like Us seems to have been devised for audiences who want to experience an entire year 's worth of soap opera complications in a single sitting .
Solid writing and strong performances by leads Chris Pine and Elizabeth Banks propel People Like Us from a maudlin drama to a memorable one .
I just wish it had had the courage to be honest rather than using a gimmick about lying .
Kurtzman apparently does n't see the camp humor in his sudsy melodrama , instead using dim if handsome lighting and choppy editing to impose a pretense of ` realism ' on material that is hard to swallow , whatever its real-life inspiration .
Some of the strongest writing in any movie so far this year .
A good payoff , but the middle drags .
Left with little but to drag out an inability to tell the truth , this soap opera and its characters are propelled unhappily toward a predictably sappy happy ending .
The trick of Us is making the audience not mind the unnatural delay , supplying characters dimensional enough to ignore their odd lack of common sense . The picture has that power .
It 's undeniably manipulative and sentimental but it 's also somewhat refreshing to see a drama that is n't laced with irony , cynicism , or some form of postmodern commentary on the genre .
People , like us ? Please ? Nah ...
People Like Us looks great and feels lived-in , especially by Pine and Banks , who are both so charismatic and innately intelligent that they can make almost any plot mechanism seem organic .
What they 've really done is stitch together a decade 's worth of Katherine Heigl/Jennifer Aniston/Kate Hudson romantic comedies , and then cut out all the romance and most of the comedy .
Clunky , cloying , and contrived People Like Us limps to its lump in the throat conclusion infused mainly by fine performances by Michelle Pfeiffer and youngster Michael Hall D'Addario .
Unlike some Nicholas Sparks weepie , at least this one waited until very late in its running time to go for the tear-duct jugular . -LRB- Full Content Parental Review also available -RRB-
... it 's finally difficult to recall a movie leveled so definitively and so pervasively by a plot development -LRB- ie it 's just that hokey and unbelievable -RRB- .
Pine and the always-watchable Banks make the best of a bad screenplay , but `` People Like Us '' gives us nothing that we can relate to .
People Like Us may be overwrought , but the performances make it worthwhile .
People Like Us is that sort of on-the-nose drama , where every emotional reaction is telegraphed and delivered right on cue .
`` People Like Us '' may not be perfect , but Banks is perfectly imperfect .
If it were n't for the whole shared-DNA problem , `` People Like Us '' might have made a nice pot of romantic mush .
One of those `` heartfelt '' dramas that was obviously dreamed up to win awards but fell short and is instead being dumped before awards season .
Ultimately , the movie 's fundamental truth shines through the Hollywood gloss .
Pine is saddled with a character who is stupid and short-sighted ... and his boyish good looks are n't enough to overcome the fact that his character is a creep .
Sentimental drama is well acted but too mature for tweens .
If only Kurtzman had n't gotten so fascinated with the film 's big secret , it could have delivered on its potential .
`` People Like Us '' wants to come across as a touching and powerful drama about people coming to terms with stuff but does n't even come close to achieving any of those goals
Works in spite of its problems due to some fine performances and a bizarre dynamic that very nearly finds romance in a relationship between half-siblings .
The movie takes a relatively implausible premise and manages to make it more enjoyable than it probably deserves to be thanks to some solid performances by its cast .
The fact that the story is autobiographical does n't make me feel any better about it .
The movie 's soap opera quality undermines its efforts to tell a family saga with much believability .
The performances , especially Ms. Banks 's Frankie and Ms. Pfeiffer 's Lillian , partly compensate for the holes in a story whose timing is hard to swallow .
If not for the icky air of incest , Pine and Banks would make one fine-looking couple .
A honorable misfire , with maybe one-quarter of the impulse engines spinning in the here and now .
`` People Like Us '' flirts with greatness . The performances are strong and the characters easy to care about . But the themes are muddled by Sam 's drawn-out duplicity , and the parts fail to add up to a cohesive whole .
A sensitive , decent , well-crafted little drama about frailty and forgiveness .
I did n't think I 'd ever see Banks top her five minutes in `` The Forty-Year-Old-Virgin '' as the girl in the book store , but she 's outdone herself here , in a large , meaty dramatic role .
The film is well acted , with Michelle Pfeiffer in particular giving a lovely performance as Sam 's mother Lillian , a former beauty of small town talent crushed by the star power her music producer husband orbits around ...
Title withstanding , these people are nothing like us if , by `` us , '' we mean real people .
The problem with this plot is that it 's one of those stories that pivots entirely on the fulcrum of the One Big Lie . An untruth is told , and the rest of the movie turns into an exercise in waiting around until the moment when everything is revealed .
It 's a movie that 's in a league with films from the golden age of family drama , stories like Ordinary People and Kramer vs. Kramer , although People 's dashes of comedy render it far less grim than those examples .
Its hard sell wears you down and draws you in , even as you know you 're being manipulated .
It 's hideously compelling , like being in the room when one woman asks a woman who is n't pregnant when she 's due , except that exchange is typically over in 30 spectacularly awful seconds and this one lasts two hours .
It 's weirdly refreshing that Kurtzman has used his clout to make a mid-list dramedy that feels aimed at the actual adults the cineplex rarely tries to court nowadays .
Though it 's just a Christmas tree away from being a holiday special , the stellar cast wrings just enough genuine emotion out of a stale premise to make it mostly sweet .
People Like us is saved from melodramatic quicksand by live-wire acting from a touchingly vulnerable Chris Pine and a heartbreakingly good Elizabeth Banks . We believe we are watching people like us .
People Like Us is neither funny enough for comedy or serious enough for real drama .
The movie 's two-star rating belongs almost exclusively to a four-star performance from Elizabeth Banks .
It 's not an entirely fresh idea but always an intriguing one .
Too shiny and drenched in California glow to feel very personal . It grows increasingly sentimental , and by the end , lays it on especially thick .
A well-acted weeper that walks an unsteady line between the emotional and the darkly comical .
Kurtzman ... hammers every scene and eye blink with a heavy hand .
The film does have its charms , but getting to them means seeing past a Buick-sized contrivance .
I like smart movies about smart people , and enjoy it when most of the facts are on the table and we can contemplate them together .
A serious drama about hidden truths and family , the film works hard to earn its emotional depth and thanks to a compelling story , well-drawn characters , and terrific performances it succeeds .
This is a straightforward family comedy-drama , a movie made for adults , and one that actually gives its actors - among them Chris Pine , Elizabeth Banks , Michelle Pfeiffer and Philip Baker Hall - something to do .
Pine and Banks are just good enough to suggest that in an honest movie , they would have been even better .
... a sentimental but strongly made standout in a summer otherwise full of superheroes and space aliens .
Do you see how colossally misguided this whole thing is ?
A good cast goes a long way in masking narrative and stylistic flaws .
Almost by necessity , the tale is too calculated , but it contains touching moments and makes poignant observations about family life and the values and rituals passed along from one generation to the next .
Estranged son learns that his deceased father had a secret family in this contrived but effective melodrama .
People Like Us is informed by real feelings uncorked like a lost bottle of Cabernet Sauvignon hidden away in a dark corner of a private wine cellar .
The movie develops into a painful story of one generation inflicting its selfish compromises on the next .
It 's grounded , it 's real the entire time and that 's a testament to the cast . Chris Pine has really impressed me . Let 's forget about This Means War , because I 'm pretty sure eveyone else in the general public has so he gets a pass .
Alex Kurtzman 's debut feature can emotionally manipulate you before the narrative house of cards collapses and things go from sweet-and-sour to full-on NutraSweet .
People Like Us is a certifiable adult drama built atop sturdy thematic supports , a rare enough item these days ...
In a summer movie season filled with popcorn-minded spectacles , People Like Us is like a breath of fresh air -- think of it as this year 's Crazy Stupid Love .
A warm and heartfelt family drama that is sure to resonate with anybody who has ever lost someone they loved .
Simplistic and sentimental , it 's an unexpectedly soapy sibling story .
This dry-as-dust enterprise bogs down in an almost total lack of energy and imagination that no amount of faux earnestness can overcome .
-LSB- VIDEO ESSAY -RSB- Smart dialogue intersperses a by-committee soap opera plot in a movie made much better than the sum of its vulnerable narrative by three terrific actors .
Intelligent , adult filmmaking at its finest , People Like Us is that rare bird from a major studio : a movie that matters .
Alex Kurtzman 's directorial debut may sneak up on you as a welcome alternative to typical summer fare .
As overcranked as it is -- the film is directed as if it were an action drama , with two or three times more cuts than necessary -- People Like Us has a persuasive emotional pull at its heart that 's hard to deny .
Genuine emotions barely win out over soapy complications in People Like Us .

@highlight

Though calculated and melodramatic , People Like Us benefits from a pair of solid leads and its rare screenplay that caters to adult filmgoers .