It 's a charming and visually appealing tale filled with energy , humour and heart , yet without a hint of sentimentality .
-LSB- It 's -RSB- a feel-good , triumph-over-adversity story involving a small boy and , although this outcome also is n't in any doubt , at least the journey is fascinating and it 's been made with a heart that is warm .
If the Laotians in the film appear to be superstitious simpletons , it 's not because they actually are - it 's because Mr. Mordaunt made them so .
Inescapeable hopelessness turns out to be neither
A vital fairytale about a ten-year-old Laotian boy whose family thinks he 's been cursed since birth , `` The Rocket '' is an unlikely heartwarmer .
In some ways , it feels like a throwback to many '80s teen movies , where everything comes down to a competition at the end , and the hero will finally get the chance to prove his worth .
Vivid , travelogue-y village pic .
Try not to fall off the edge of your seat during the film 's nail-biting final scenes .
Despite some dark edges , this crowd-pleasing Laotian drama is far too heartwarming for its own good .
It is a likable piece of work whose gentleness is an interesting contrast to the grim and even tragic subject matter .
It 's beautiful , engrossing and uplifting without an artificial note .
This utterly charming , fable-like coming of age tale will live longer in the hearts and minds of audiences .
A simple but charming , affecting and thought-provoking story , rich in atmosphere and local history , and beautifully acted by its young leads .
A Lao-brow fable that resonates richly with the realities of globalisation .
A stirring , lushly-constructed celebration of youthful spirit .
This strikingly original feelgood fable is artfully balanced between director Kim Mordaunt 's roots in documentary and a spellbinding magic realism .
A first -LSB- feature -RSB- for both Mordaunt 's filmography and the country 's catalogue of internationally-released titles and it 's difficult to imagine a debut being stronger .
The Rocket wo n't change anyone 's world , but as a pleasantly sweet piece of world cinema , it 's still worth seeing and being charmed by .
It follows a search for personal salvation while painting a portrait of Laotian life that 's both revealing and relatable .
A powerful , deeply moving drama about a young boy who comes to terms with the tragedies that have befallen his family by creating a thing of beauty - a gorgeous , high-flying rocket emitting triumphant bursts of color - out of refuse left by the war .
A coming-of-age fable driven by naturalistic performances and a poignant atmosphere of loss .
This engaging fable oscillates between feel-good spunk and unexpected tragedy , and hits the right notes along the way .
Mordaunt does n't always succeed at balancing the sentimental , the political and the ethnographic , but at its strongest the story is a seamless melding of history 's dark undertow and a child 's indefatigable optimism .
Uplifting , engrossing and thrilling while remaining accessible to both art-house and mainstream audiences . It 's destined to become a sleeper hit .
The Rocket is a well-constructed delivery system for sparkly cheer , but it lacks a more substantial payload .
The particulars of Laos 's historical conflicts are sometimes only obliquely confronted , but the torrid past of covered-up wars palpably echoes through the scarred yet majestic landscapes .
In ` The Rocket ' the children and outcasts triumph because they are innocent enough to believe and act as though the impossible is possible .
Long on atmosphere and less sentimental about poverty than `` Beasts of the Southern Wild , '' the film carries a potent charge of authenticity .
A pretty , somewhat sleepy and finally strange once-upon-a-time tale ...
Disamoe demonstrates the resourcefulness he learned during a period when he was a street seller and beggar . It 's his exuberant performance , as much as the pungently naturalistic setting , that lifts The Rocket 's scenario above the generic .
The characters may be clichés , but the performances are utterly fresh .
A coming-of-age tale infused with fantastic elements that more than compensate for its predictability .
Kim Mordaunt 's when-life-gives-you-land-mines tale is light on well-drawn characters , but its performances , especially from the nonprofessional junior members , more than light the fuse for the finale .
The visually stunning location of Laos provides an enthralling and evocative backdrop for director/screenwriter Kim Mordaunt 's engaging film The Rocket , a lush and bruising coming-of-age story .
The adventures of a 10-year-old Laotian boy are subject to radically different interpretations in The Rocket , Australian documentarian Kim Mordaunt 's impressive narrative debut .
Formulaic but likeable .
... an immaculately crafted , visually stunning and affecting rite-of-passage drama
Never less than charming and stirring in its ability to recreate a childhood that overcomes chaos , The Rocket , abetted with a convincing cast led by two superb child actors , proves instantly why it 's been winning accolades worldwide .
There 's this lovely sense of texture of a culture . There is a traditional narrative arc .
The film is not only a feel-good affair , though it certainly is that - it has something of significance to say .
It 's an emotionally forceful film , hurtling towards the kind of conclusion that Western audiences want to see .
The Rocket is a thoroughly infectious yarn set among the jungles of Laos .
Beautifully cloaked as an affecting coming of age tale , this award winning drama also says a great deal about a part of the world rarely seen on screen .
The Rocket was designed as a crowd pleaser , and it does that : it combines the danger of the unknown with the safety of feel-good narrative expectations for film festival success , and perhaps even general release victory .
One of the most exotic coming-of-age movies you 're likely to see .
Australian writer/director Kim Mordaunt was inspired to make this wistful , often lyrical film after his 2007 documentary Bomb Harvest ... Thankfully he layers the unavoidable political notes with real warmth , humour and character .
Working with an untested cast , Mordaunt uses all the tools at his command to engineer a film that has won major awards at TriBeca , including Best Actor for the young Disamoe . He relies on plenty of coverage and the skills of talented editor Nick Meyers
With its themes of loss and redemption , The Rocket is effective , simple storytelling with many layers and a film that tells more stories than its narrative suggests
An extremely rewarding and entertaining film made all the stronger for the integrity and cultural details that underpin it .
A true original , depicting a culture rarely filmed , observed with a respectful but never overly reverential eye .
It has a great story to tell and subtly mixes the comedic and dramatic genres . Some moments will leave you smiling . Other moments will leave you on the edge of your seat .
A hugely enjoyable , thoroughly infectious feature debut .
The director moves the incident-packed story line at an energetic pace ; there 's never a dull moment . You 're bound to hear applause as the final credits roll .
Recalling the captivating essence of Niki Caro 's Whale Rider -LRB- 2002 -RRB- in its telling of a life with fate and faith in its corner , this Australian/Laotian/Thai co-production could find similar breakout success once -LRB- inevitably warm -RRB- word of mouth spreads .
Crowd-pleasers come in many mysterious packages , and there might not be a bigger crowd-pleaser this year than The Rocket ; a disarming fable about a makeshift family desperately seeking a place to live in a ravaged Laos .
Endearing , gripping and heartwarming , The Rocket recently won the `` World Narrative Competition '' prize at Tribeca , and it 's easy to see why . The picture is crowd pleasing and enjoyable , but admiringly respectful and carefully considered .
If you are n't moved by the `` The Rocket '' your heart is defective

@highlight

A feel-good success crafted with care , Kim Mordaunt 's story of two young kids in Laos is a heartfelt audience pleaser while remaining sensitive toward its subjects .