Lean , mean and will leave your underpants anything but clean .
... a sporadically affecting yet undeniably uneven exercise in horror .
A disturbing DV-shot horror thriller .
Mostly an exercise in frustration .
Definitely one of the best horror films I 've seen in a while , and plays to the key of terror and our imagination provoking enough imagery without the director having to do much of anything ...
You can always expect a little embellishment for any horror film or thriller that claims to be based on a true story or actual events . This one , however , does n't sell it .
First-time directors David Moreau and Xavier Palud have crafted a highly effective horror film that combines a plausible narrative with accomplished use of sound and image .
The final 20 minutes contain some of the best , uncontrived twists of any post-Sixth Sense American suspense film , but there is a good reason for that , as the co-directors reveal with a shocking epilogue .
This freshman effort from the French team of David Moreau and Xavier Palud would rate an A in film school . But that does n't mean it 's worth seeing .
The essentially nonexistent characterizations do little to help matters .
Moreau and Palud play on the way our minds fill in the gaps of the unknown and the very primal fear of things going bump in the night .
A nerve-wracking finale , a 30-minute chase through the house 's catacombs , followed by a closing image that will chill you to the bone .
Those who do n't need all that graphic content to be jolted and unnerved may find a few things to like here .
It 's refreshing to see the French finally producing a worthy entry in the horror genre .
Those who like their horror served up neat , no chaser , can safely belly up to Them . It is a pared-down French thriller that trades splatter and gore for tense efficiency .
There is absolutely no fat on this brief , 74-minute film , but even as you get caught up in the suspense you come to realize that there is n't much meat on it , either .
A well made , if extremely hollow , technical exercise ... so wafer-thin , I 'm a little wary of calling it a movie . It 's more like a photographed premise .
Them is Haneke on training wheels .
The fright is crafted well enough , but the twist at the end calls for more originality than filmmakers David Moreau and Xavier Palud wield .
Them is more suspenseful than gory ; there 's little blood , but the tension gradually builds to a nail-biting level - an impressive feat , considering the movie is essentially one long chase .
The same old stuff served in an admittedly stylish manner .
That it is based on a true story does not compensate for the absence of either suspense or horror .
Taut and remorseless , Them , which is allegedly based on actual events , is the perfect antidote to the stomach-churning gore served up by so many in the current crop of horror films .
It should scare up a bit of boxoffice as it does hearken back to the day when horror meant the imagination gone wild rather than severed body parts . Otherwise , the film is all too pointless .
A well-crafted jack-in-the-box toy that is more frightening in its ratcheted apprehension of what is to come than in the ultimate outcome .
Its spareness is its strength . There 's no time wasted and no showy effects to detract from the situation -- just sheer tension .
There are moments in Them that are as powerful as anything in the genre in the last few years .
The movie Them revels in atmosphere , using long unbroken takes and ambient sound to lull you into complacency before unleashing nerve-jangling shocks .
If you want an hour or so of terror , put your faith in Them .
77 grueling minutes
If you 're going to imply that a French couple being terrorized in a remote Romanian mansion adds up to something more than an arbitrary -LRB- and rather repetitive -RRB- do n't - go-in-the-basement thriller , then you 'd better deliver the goods .
Has a terrific slow-burning intensity as it torments its central characters -LRB- and the audience -RRB- . Although it waits a bit too long to play its trump card .
Not a classic , but as a one-time theatrical experience it should scare the pee out of anyone .
Them is n't all that .
One of the least understood movie monsters is the pronoun .
Lensed with skill to no particular end .
No story-structure , no succession of scary scenes and then ordinary-life scenes to clean the palate . Just one long unendurably tense and frightening sequence .
The directors have thoroughly soaked up the best of its countless predecessors , elevating Ils to highly effective and atmospheric genre entertainment .
This superb horror thriller breaks violently into your consciousness , robbing you of all sense of security .
It breezes by and slaps you with some ice water and then scurries right out of the room .
Effective in an unambitious way , it gives a new meaning to ` Boys in the Hood ' .
The nature of the couple 's tormentors makes the action scarier than it would have been with , say , a supernatural monster , but it also represents a cheap and nasty move by Moreau and Palud .
So skilfully does the film shield its hand that the final `` reveal '' actually comes as a disappointment - the enigma was truly much harder to bear .
Plenty of jolts and some pleasingly spooky scenes , with the tension ratcheted up to fever pitch , but then it all falls to pieces with a badly fumbled ending .
Claustrophobic and exhausting , Them fumbles its payoff but reminds us why French chillers are a rare but thrilling treat .
Suspenseful , eventually , but the first half 's a snooze .
77 minutes of gloriously sustained tension .
A 20-minute calling card short extended to a tolerance-stretching 74 minutes , this is an effectively directed but ultimately pointless wind-up exercise .




@highlight

Suspenseful and tense from start to finish , the French horror film Them proves that a lack of gore does n't mean a dearth of scares .