Lee shows his hero 's imperilled position as a mixed blessing . By tottering on the ledge of his mortality , Pi gains a front-row seat on the miracles of creation ... All this is , in a word , Awesome .
Ang Lee and screenwriter David Magee managed to take Yann Martel 's novel about a young boy and a tiger lost at sea and make it sing visually and narratively .
Stunning visuals and a bravura performance from newcomer Suraj Sharma as the young protagonist make Life of Pi a quest destined to impress .
` Life of Pi ' is a sort of mash-up of ` We Bought a Zoo , ' ` The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel , ' and ` Castaway . ' It 's an enchanting coming-of-age story , and an oceanic vision quest .
Gerard Depardieu gets the most oversold star billing since Marlon Brando was Superman 's absentee father . Depardieu looms over less than a minute of screen time . Not that we miss him when he 's gone ; we just wonder why he was there in the first place .
This is a gorgeous film -LRB- in 3D -RRB- as Lee , adapting the Yann Martel book , pushes the tale beyond the realm of teen adventure into existential parable .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Ang Lee 's strongest work to date .
`` Life of Pi '' is n't just a visual effects movie stuck at sea . There 's a compelling story here as well .
... an underwhelming adaptation of an underwhelming book .
You 'll wish you could watch it with the sound turned off .
The ferocious swells and intent visual beauty Lee has brought to Yann Martel 's best-selling seeking-of-the-spiritual yarn quickly evokes a second thought : `` Kitty , kitty , kitty , nice kitty , here kitty , kitty , kitty , kitty . ''
Among movies that are intended to be spiritually insightful , this is one of the most hollow and disappointing that I 've seen , a surface-level rendering of platitudinous feel-good hooey .
This movie is to be seen and experienced . It is not to be heard .
Veteran filmmakers will warn you , do n't film at sea and do n't work with animals . Ang Lee built a vast tank in Taiwan and he whips up awesome storms . -LSB- However , -RSB- watching the water here is more rewarding than watching the characters .
Teenage acting newcomer Suraj Sharma , discovered through a casting call in India , gives Pi an earnestness and toughness that ground this elaborate story .
The power of Life of Pi sneaks up on you , rather like the raw sadness of Lee 's best-known previous prestige pic , Brokeback Mountain .
Some of the most gorgeous 3D images this side of ` Avatar . '
Everywhere you look there are images of beguiling beauty : a mirror-like sea reflecting golden clouds ; a sudden swarm of flying fish ; an island bristling with meerkats ; and a breaching whale glowing with bioluminescence as it leaps out of the water .
Ang Lee 's Life of Pi is a visual masterpiece , often transcending the boundaries of special effects and what they 're capable of , but the film 's actual story is hollow .
The search for religion takes a back seat to the spectacular visual splendor of a boy floating alone on the ocean with a vicious tiger .
Endorses the notion of blind faith , and denial as a positive character trait .
Mystical and endless as the number pi , ` The Life of Pi ' works on a number of levels , all of them enchanting .
Takes some time to find its flow . The CGI-tiger is the greatest marvel here-the intensity of its stare alone makes it the truest fiction of all . Religious platitudes remain fairly pat ; the final allegory 's overstated .
The morals of the story do n't come through , while the film 's extensive metaphors are belatedly rammed down your throat like a get out of jail free card .
Ang Lee 's extraordinary , lyrical , beautiful , moving , genre-defying Life of Pi can be recommended with the simple , sweeping assurance that it is unlike anything you have ever seen before .
A dazzling digital dreamscape that sets staggering new heights for what can be accomplished with 3D technology .
Martel 's novel could have yielded a greater film in different hands , but Lee 's work remains one to be grateful for .
-LRB- Ang -RRB- Lee has gone above and beyond , executing the job with near flawless precision .
When adrift with Pi and the tiger on the open sea , the film is at its most wondrous : a ravishing spectacle that treads judiciously on the infinite line between what 's possible and impossible .
Life poses as a spiritual experience , but it 's more like a postcard .
What better analogy for our place in the universe than a couple of scared creatures stranded on a precarious liferaft in the middle of a vast nothingness ?
Life of Pi is director Ang Lee 's artistic expression of faith on film that 's close to his very own version of the Sistine Chapel , minus the neck pain .
Bleak facts or magical stories , science or faith , connected or alone , instinct or animals with souls - these are the dynamics explored by every aspect of Life of Pi .
Flawed it may be , but at its core lies an epic journey that shows Lee reborn as a creative force .
I have n't been able to shake the thought-provoking finale . Do n't expect to leave this story behind as you exit the theatre . Life Of Pi has something to say .
The 227 days at sea are a test of physique , mental adaptation and faith , and Suraj Sharma makes Pi 's spiritual journey as convincing as his nautical one .
The screenplay reaches out to people of all religions and faiths and gives you the confidence to make your own mind up about things .
Lee is a wizard , Life of Pi is an incredible spectacle and the technical effects are brilliant .
Working with perceptive writer David Magee -LRB- Finding Neverand -RRB- , Ang Lee creates one of the most thoughtful , artistic blockbusters ever made by a Hollywood studio .
Life of Pi is chiefly to be recommended for the punch of its core story . Never mind the cod-philosophical breadth - feel the impressive emotional depth .
With Life Of Pi , Ang Lee has delivered bold , inspirational and intelligent cinema , the likes of which is rarely seen - and for that reason alone this is unmissable .
A film of staggering beauty , great intelligence , high technical ability and no little humour .
Life Of Pi must be the most beautiful film of the year , a technical marvel , and magic realism at its most magical .
I thought of Monty Python and the Holy Grail and the King of Swamp Castle 's determination to build on that sodden earth . It stayed up in the end but it would n't take much for it to fall over .
Despite some lovely images and those eyepopping effects , it is a shallow and self-important shaggy-dog story - or shaggy-tiger story - and I am bemused by the saucer-eyed critical responses it 's been getting .
You could just wallow in the visual lavishness of this movie and not think at all about what it ` means ' and be blown away by it .
Lee maintains a very precise balance between the wondrous and the outrageous so we are never taken for fools in swallowing this tall tale - it might just be true .
Is Lee 's film a fable ? Is it an adventure ? No , it 's a super-movie .
Ang Lee has , for the most part , constructed such a wondrous piece of filmmaking that even the 3D works .
Beautifully shot and superbly written , this is an emotionally engaging , thought provoking drama with jaw-dropping special effects work and a superb central performance from Suraj Sharma .
Ang Lee 's astonishing adaptation of Yann Martel 's fantastical bestseller makes it hard to believe how anyone dubbed Life of Pi ` unfilmable ' .
Yes , this is fantasy cinema . One man , alone with his wonderment , suspended between sky and sea .
Perhaps you need an unshakeable faith and the ability to believe in fantastical stories to really appreciate it .
We 're left , then , with a film that is a visual marvel , with an extraordinary story , that 's dragged down by a very ordinary lead actor . A stronger performance could have made a good movie great .
In answer to the film 's central question , this is exactly the type of story I like to be told , in all its facets and complexities , and I 'm thankful for those that helped in the telling of it .
A beautifully realised journey that goes right off the map .
To produce a coherent film from Martel 's tricky novel would be achievement enough , but Ang Lee has extracted something beautiful , wise and , at times , miraculous .
An impressive and brave attempt to tackle a book many thought could not be adapted .
With the help of DP Claudio Miranda , Lee constructs an impressionistic canvas that feels like our collective imagination projected on a screen .
The close up , the eyes , the emotions , the enormity of the angry sea ... . Ang Lee 's vision for adapting the novel to the screen is extraordinary in its ambition and wondrous in its execution
A remarkable , unforgettable cinematic experience ... Enjoy it with your eyes and your heart .
Watching this wo n't save your soul , but only remind you that life , like a magic trick , is a passing amusement .
There 's less than meets the eye in Lee 's ultimately unsatisfying fable .
For the bulk of the film , Lee masterfully combines breathtaking beauty with edge-of-your-seat suspense . During these scenes , the movie is thrillingly alive like no other this year .
The wonder of Pi 's sea-going struggle -LRB- phosphorescent whales ; swarms of flying fish ... it 's all there in the trailer -RRB- is convincing ; the framing , structure and impact of Pi 's emotional and mental struggle , somewhat less so .
Life of Pi is a beautiful allegory about living with faith in the face on unfathomable tests .
Flawed , yes , but marvellously ambitious , and unforgettably gorgeous to look at .
You might as well no longer bother with the book . Seriously , this is pretty much the gist of it . And reading takes ages anyway .
Like its source novel , the film is captivating as long as it sticks to literalizing its we 're - all-in-the-same-boat notion of man 's relationship to the animal kingdom ; its less persuasive when it insists that its message may cause us to ` believe in God . '
An absolute wonder to behold .
The effect is constantly dazzling and even breathtaking , and had Lee managed to truly merge the spiritual and the visceral , it might very well have been his masterpiece .
At the peak of its power , Ang Lee 's highly anticipated adaptation of Yann Martel 's best-selling book feels like the cinematic equivalent of touching God .
It 's about the circle of coexistence , but in the end , it circles around to leave you wondering what , exactly , you 're supposed to think about what you 've just seen .
An intriguing and inspiring adventure
Such a fabulously beautiful -- and faithful -- vision of Martel 's novel one wonders how anyone could ever have thought the source material unsuitable for the big screen .
A stunningly gorgeous adventure drama with a rich spiritual subtext .
The movie 's best moments are as good as anything has been all year .
Taiwanese director Ang Lee -LRB- Brokeback Mountain -RRB- poses intriguing philosophical questions while also providing some of the finest eye candy in recent memory .
Hooray !!!
Ang Lee has created a truly adult adventure , not because the material is salacious or violent , but because it deals with complex themes of spirituality and self-discovery in the guise of an accessible and engrossing fantasy .
... a compelling , allegorical adventure , spectacular CG creation of the Bengal Tiger ; one of the best films of the year .
Before it reaches its deflated last quarter , the film is exciting enough to stand alone as a rousing sea adventure with splendid effects work . Maybe we should let it go at that .
A mash up of fable , religious allegory , visual 3D feast , Animal Planet special , drama and comedy
An amazingly beautifully photographed film that also has a twist that makes you discuss it for days after viewing .
A film both wonderful and frustrating -- and about in equal measure .
A thought-provoking religious parable . Profound , haunting and beautifully made .
Did n't convince me to believe in God , but it did make me believe in the power of cinema .
It 's got amazing visuals and a handful of really great moments , but ultimately it just does n't hold together .
a visual feast , well acted and with very fine use of 3D , but the story itself does not reach profundity and instead seems flat and a little pretentious .
Even during Pi 's bleakest moments lost at sea , Lee 's artistry gives us something at which to marvel
This thought-provoking tale of survival on the high seas works on a variety of levels , but best of all it is a visual feast -- brimming with wondrous , memorable images .
Although not adding substantially to the written story , the film is an excellent screen treatment of one of the most fantastic tales ever told .
It was The Twilight Zone 's Rod Serling who promised to whisk viewers to `` a dimension not only of sight and sound but of mind ; a journey into a wondrous land of imagination . '' Yet here 's Ang Lee stealthily co-opting that claim for Life of Pi .
Director Ang Lee 's deft hand at the helm -LRB- with , of course , his outstanding behind the camera crew -RRB- makes for an original fantasy that is actually two stories in one . In the end , you decide which is true .
Eh ... .
A riot of saturated colour and delirious imagination , Ang Lee 's adap radiates spirituality . But it 's also a simple , thrilling and gently uplifting tale of a boy , a boat and a tiger .
A much-admired novel becomes a magical movie experience
On the surface , Life of Pi is a basic story , but deeper into the film , it 's got a lot to say .
Start with adjectives . Original . Stunning . Mesmerizing . Mind boggling . There are more , but you get the picture .
Life of Pi is not a shaggy-tiger story . It is a tale of tantalizing imagination .
Containing , hands down , the best CG ever in a modern Hollywood film , Lee brings the complicated , some said un-filmable story to life in dazzling , photorealistic terms .
Maybe Life of Pi is n't entirely unfilmable , but Lee was n't quite able to conquer it .
It 's a beautifully crafted , and spiritually satisfying tall tale . This is one of the year 's best films , and I highly recommend it for anyone who loves cinema .
Mr. Lee 's film is stronger as a visual experience-especially in 3-D-than an emotional one , but it has a final plot twist that may also change what you thought you knew about the ancient art of storytelling .
The mixture of real animals and their digital corollaries is very nearly seamless , and the tiger 's performance almost makes you wish there was an Oscar category for animal wrangling .
The lush 3D cinematography and seamless visual effects combine to create an abundance of powerful imagery , some of which feels more driven by spectacle than substance .
It has been a long time since a movie has lingered with me as long as Life of Pi , a strikingly beautiful parable about strength , survival and spirituality .
Life of Pi is pleasantly satisfying . With a heartfelt message , beautiful visuals , and stunning camera work , Life of Pi is truly a sight to behold and illustrates how essential 3D can be to a film that is n't a summer blockbuster .
Most admirably , Life of Pi resists turning its remarkably realistic , digitally created feline into a friend or pet .
Director Ang Lee has crafted an imaginative tale in which he takes viewers on an amazing journey , while we simultaneously question our perception of reality .
So beautiful I forgive its pop theology-hooey .
A well-crafted and intelligent feel-good survivalist film that struggles to survive its obsessive religious God theme .
Serving up 2012 's single most awe-inspiring stanza of cinema , Ang Lee 's Life of Pi is a thing of beauty - a gorgeously presented piece of art .
Sublime filmmaking from an artist at the top of his game
You will not see a better-looking film this year . But you will undoubtedly see better films .
Gorgeously photographed and filled with first-rate special effects , Life of Pi is a wonderfully unique and special film . The 3D represents a new gold standard .
It 's a contrived premise but if you buy into the contrivances it turns into a riveting story .
`` Life of Pi '' is a mesmerizing , breathtaking piece of filmmaking .
Lee 's adventure is marvelous to behold .
Life of Pi stands as an applaudable achievement for Ang Lee , Suraj Sharma , the 3D format and the technical artists who created Richard Parker .
There 's an audience out there for this movie , but the question is whether they will find it .
The movie 's energy peters out in a series of book-club conversations about divine will , the power of storytelling , and the resilience of the human spirit .
`` Life of Pi '' is a graceful picture and does what movies do best : it tells a great story and shows a piece of our world with clear , wide-open eyes .
The film 's resplendent images create a modern-day fable that reaches out to the unknown .
I 'm going to use the M word . Here it comes : Life of Pi is magical ! Catch it in 3-D if you can .
In the hands of Ang Lee , a true film artist , Life of Pi elegantly walks Martel 's philosophical line while also brilliantly using every modern cinematic tool to spin an epic yarn .
Going into a religious allegory like Life of Pi , you expect an abundance of meerkats , and Life of Pi , sadly , has only a moderate amount of meerkats .
Lee captures both the harrowing realities of Pi 's survival tale and the moments of wonder when Pi experiences the ocean 's harsh beauty .
Beautiful , emotional , intense story of faith and friendship .
A wonderfully satisfying cinematic journey built upon big ideas -- and timely ones , too , delivering a message of understanding in this frustrating age of great intolerance .
An engaging and exciting tale and a magnificent achievement of visual storytelling that will likely be held up as a model for what can be achieved through the marriage of imagination and technology .
A movie that ca n't be dismissed because there is too much in it but ca n't be embraced because it 's all spread too thin .
Life of Pi proves to have the heart of a small art film with the big aspirations of a major blockbuster . And on the big screen , there 's nothing else quite like it .
This transcendent fable carries a real sting in its tail . Ang Lee has made a bold and wondrous movie , one of his best .
Life of Pi effortlessly blends spiritualism with realism and serves up a pungent mix of live-action and animation so carefully rendered , you will constantly ask yourself , How did they get a tiger to do that ?
Claudio Miranda 's luminous camera , set to Mychael Danna 's intoxicating score , captures all manner of wild delights .
Richard Parker is something else , a technological trick and an enduring figment , an idea that ca n't exist and must exist .
Do n't wait for Netflix . Life of Pi demands to be seen on the biggest screen you can find .
` Life of Pi ' offers a phantasmagoria , lulling us into a kind of dream-state where reality and imagination blur in the most beguiling way
Shelve your dislike of 3D glasses . Quiet your nattering criticism of CGI . Because Lee and his able crew wield those tools like wands .
Everything looks beautiful in Life of Pi .
Like that other `` unfilmable '' novel , Cloud Atlas , it has , of course , been turned into a movie -- with rather happier results .
Ang Lee 's signature style -- tasteful , measured , and devoid of personality -- translates surprisingly well to 3-D .
Every once in a long while , the right director comes across the right project at just the right moment , and things so often discordant fall into perfect harmony .
As a master of filming the unfilmable , Ang Lee has wrought another masterful drama out of a difficult source .
The sense of wonder , the ability to believe the impossible because artists dreamed it into form so beautifully and powerfully , is always present .
More than just a rip-roaring boy 's adventure . Much more , unfortunately .
He does n't just give the image a third dimension ; he gives the whole film a sense of wondrous depth . It is as though Lee is painting the film as you watch it .
If I did n't come out of Life of Pi believing in God , I did leave the theater believing in the power of a great ending to improve an otherwise average movie .
Pi 's story makes you believe why Pi would believe in God , sacrificer of innocents , tester of souls , creator of rapturous beauty .
`` Pi '' is a wonder to see ; too bad it 's not wondrous to feel .
`` Life of Pi , '' even more so on the screen , is a dream to help us keep the nightmares at bay .
The only way to truly enjoy Life of Pi is by bringing a pumpkin pie with you to the movie theater .
It 's more compelling to focus on Lee 's visceral cinematic experience than on the larger , fuzzier messages Martel 's story conveys about humanity 's connection with God .
Though the film 's setup trudges and its closing is too pat , that hour or so on the raft is something special , and few would dive into the story 's soul as Lee does .
`` Life of Pi '' both draws the audience in and encourages it to settle back , the better to enjoy its virtually nonstop display of daring , wonder and cinematic virtuosity .
It 's so hypnotically beautiful that people will be using it to calibrate their new TV monitors .
Ang Lee 's `` Life of Pi '' is a miraculous achievement of storytelling and a landmark of visual mastery .
An occasionally gripping , fascinating , mesmerizing and even emotionally moving film . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
... a monumental technical achievement which satisfies as an astonishing adventure but fails to achieve deeper meaning .
No matter what the movie 's virtues , Life of Pi ultimately drowns in its false aspirations .
One of the most remarkable films in recent years .
Ang Lee has taken the most impossible of stories and given it life . Life of Pi is adventure on a grand scale ; easily the most technically advanced film of 2012 .
A visual masterpiece that suffers from a few slight narrative flaws .
One of the year 's most gripping dramas , a visual wonderstruck with an emotional chord that reverberates far beyond the awesome imagery .
Ang Lee , in his best work since Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon , makes 3-D integral to the storytelling in this miracle of a film .
If the story , based on the popular novel by Yann Martel , ca n't quite keep pace with the look of the film -LRB- and , alas , it ca n't -RRB- it will take you awhile to notice .
`` Life of Pi '' is a magical mystery tour .
There are always moral crosscurrents in Lee 's most provocative work , but so magical and mystical is this parable , it 's as if the filmmaker has found the philosopher 's stone .
With Life of Pi , Lee takes on a not-so-crouching tiger to bring audiences a wondrously enthralling adventure fable .
Lee 's use of 3D -- the best since Hugo -- proves that while the format is pushed for the money , it 's meant for the masters .
An astounding theatrical experience .
It 's a movie cinema lovers can rally behind and gawk at forever .
If the religious discussions in David Magee 's script occasionally seem contrived , they 're also quite sincere .
Ends up feeling like something to be admired more for its ambition than its accomplishment .
Ang Lee 's exquisitely beautiful fairy tale story of an Indian boy shipwrecked with a Bengal tiger , and their journey home .
Lee 's movie is a grand gesture of filmmaking pushed to its furthest technical edges , but hemmed in and confined by its fidelity to words on a page .
An adventure yarn that is gloriously old-fashioned - and often just glorious .
The limp narrative about a Tamil boy and a -LRB- Tamil ? -RRB- Tiger is buoyed by glorious 3D-enhanced visuals and anchored by its meditations on religion and neo-colonialism .
Built around a revelation and thematic punchline that is such specious nonsense that nothing else it says or does or shows us really matters .
The movie works on a bedrock level that many ostensible action films forget .
Technology and transcendence may sometimes be at war , but in Life of Pi , Ang Lee 's spectacular take on the popular Yann Martel novel , they instead make for graceful dance partners .
`` Life of Pi '' is an absolutely gorgeous movie , aglow with color and filled with wraparound 3-D effects .
`` Life of Pi '' is as enchanting as it is ambitious .
From the CGI to the subject matter , the film contains several layers of fiction , but regardless of your level of belief , `` Life of Pi '' always feels true .
The movie invites you to believe in all kinds of marvelous things , but it also may cause you to doubt what you see with your own eyes - or even to wonder if , in the end , you have seen anything at all .
Life of Pi manages occasional spiritual wonder through its 3-D visuals but otherwise sinks like a stone .
Life of Pi , Yann Martel 's beautiful little book about a young man and the sea and a tiger , has transformed into a big , imposing and often lovely 3-D experience .
It is a story for which its elements are remarkably defined , underlined , and presented as lesson for you to learn . It features such striking imagery and yet it tells so much more than it shows .
Director Ang Lee delivers a gracefully realized , visually gorgeous , and emotionally powerful film .
Life of Pi puts 3D in the hands of a worldclass film artist . Ang Lee uses 3D with the delicacy and lyricism of a poet . You do n't just watch this movie , you live it .
The film ... will make you firmly believe in the power of movies .
Full of 3D wonders , but in the end no more than an easygoing , unchallenging adventure movie . Ang Lee is a master whose films can be emotionally powerful ; Life of Pi is n't .
Life of Pi does n't live up to its own external or diegetic hype , but it offers a pleasant and thought-provoking fable about the nature of faith , brought to life by some truly amazing visuals .
A profound , awe-inspiring and spellbinding coming-of-age adventure that will leave you breathless .
However wishy-washy the story 's theology may sometimes be , Lee 's mastery of imagery is superb , as he effortlessly shows off what technology means in the hands of a true artist .
The film , at its best , celebrates the idiosyncratic wonders and dangers of raw , ravaging nature .
Ang Lee 's thrillingly audacious film transforms this inconceivable premise into visual poetry , high adventure and sheer enchantment .
It is an incredibly pretty film , and almost all of it was conjured via effects or animation ... But the thing about special effects , even beautiful ones , is that they tend to call attention to themselves .
Visually , thematically , intellectually - there is nothing sharp about this picture .
Magical realism was rarely so magical and never before so real .
Ultimately becomes a heavy story that 's deceptively shallow .
In Ang Lee 's hands , a seemingly unfilmable fairy tale/parable comes to life .
... I found it to be a heart-breaking experience to see this much good work used in service of a story that is , ultimately , nothing but empty calories , a spiritual shell game .
With `` Life of Pi , '' Lee outdoes himself visually , without a doubt setting a new standard for 3-D , a technology Hollywood has mostly abused with crass recklessness .
As much as I hate a lot of the writing , it 's a movie you 've got to see on the big screen .
... the movie handles an alternate version of the story , and its ramifications , in an almost shockingly perfunctory manner . Which I think , in the end , compromises what the story wants to convey .
Modern technology can have a soul as it turns out ; provided it is in the capable hands of a man telling a story in which we can somehow see a reflection of ourselves .
It is nothing short of jaw dropping what the audience is treated to on-screen , and the 3D element works well the some of the most incredible images ever seen in movies .
Ang Lee 's mounting of the best selling novel is an awesome movie event : a loving interpretation of the mystical story as well as a jaw dropping , how 'd - they-do-that visual feat .
I felt like I 'd been invited to a seven-course dinner , and all seven turned out to be cake - and then the host insisted on delivering a lecture about how cake would bring me closer to God .
Lee and screenwriter David Magee find rich and clever ways to translate even Pi 's stillest moments , the film unfolding through intricate flashbacks , whimsical voice-overs , harrowing sea hazards and exquisite flashes of fantasy and hallucination .
Besides the brilliant use of artifice in evidence here , the real-flesh-and-blood lead performer Suraj Sharma , in his first role at the age of 17 , is indispensable to the film 's success .
A superb , visually enthralling technical achievement , if somewhat parched dramatically .
The film is transcendent .
Crouching tiger , hidden Siegfried ! -LRB- sans Roy -RRB-
Astounding and awesome , it 's not only one of the best of the year but also must be seen in 3-D on as big a screen as possible .
Animatronic photography is so incredible that five-year-olds might be scared and adults will be riveted .
A boy , a tiger and a life raft = Fred 's dream movie .
A gorgeous adaptation . Ang Lee 's visuals are amazing-and it has some of the best 3D I 've ever seen .
Conceived from the start as the director 's first 3D venture , ` Pi ' is among the rare ones that integrate the expensive process instead of simply showing off or scaring .
-LSB- VIDEO ESSAY -RSB- Ang Lee orchestrates the film 's demanding visual , emotional , and thematic elements as a true maestro conducting with a carefully honed sense of dynamics .
Beneath everything , the heart of the story - the boy , the boat , and the tiger - manages to outshine the movie 's desperate desire to be great .
Technically adept , mildly engaging and thematically pedantic
The second act shifts the film from a lazy and comfy litany of introductions to a riveting fantasia of pure cinema .
Hollywood has been waiting for this movie . Get ready for the year of the Tiger .
A manipulative faith-based tall tale intimating the question , can the bells and whistles of a Hollywood movie make you believe in God ? Time to put out a call for the separation of Church and Hollywood . The Verdict : Richard Parker , you 're no Moby Dick .
Lee grounds it just enough to deem credible , but also question everything experienced , and when you find yourself fighting for the parts you believe in , you 'll know Pi 's done right .
After making the disappointing Taking Woodstock , the versatile Ang Lee is back on terra firma with this enchanting fable of a shipwrecked adolescent and a tiger , which bears the markings of a great film but falls short of masterpiece .
There is n't a dull moment in the film , and there are about 300 worthy of a `` wow . ''
A visually stunning and powerful drama that teaches us much about faith .
A near-perfect film , one of the must-experience films of the year and destined to be a classic .
Depicts the book 's grand ideas with unexpected tenderness .
Melds a harrowing high-seas adventure with a dreamy meditation on the very nature of storytelling .
A gorgeous and accomplished rendering of the massive best-seller .
That Ang Lee has managed to turn the limitations of the material into his adaptation 's greatest strength make `` Life of Pi '' into a significant achievement for the filmmaker in spite of blatant problems with structure , dialogue and other surface issues .

@highlight

A 3D adaptation of a supposedly `` unfilmable '' book , Ang Lee 's Life of Pi achieves the near impossible -- it 's an astonishing technical achievement that 's also emotionally rewarding .