Every penny that `` Scary Movie V '' earns is cinematic blood money , looted from the pockets of unsuspecting moviegoers .
The writers are on auto pilot once more , relying on the `` It 's familiar , so it must be funny '' routine ...
Scary Movie 5 is a reprehensible excuse of a comedy and should barely be considered a film since it 's of such poor quality . They do n't make a dunce cap big enough for individuals this idiotic .
Railing against Scary Movie V for diminishing the series ' standards would be as effective as criticising Brooke Hogan for disgracing her proud family name . And yet , the fifth instalment of the Scary Movie franchise does do that .
A boldly uninspired torrent of halfhearted slapstick , interminable poop jokes , and pointless pop-culture references , a veritable tsunami of idiocy .
Enough . Please .
This is a big waste of time , drawing one more gasp out of a series that should have given up the ghost long ago .
This franchise has steadily gotten worse and worse with # 5 being the all time low .
The only thing scary about ` Scary Movie 5 ' is the thought of a sequel .
It 's crude , gross and probably wishes it was offensive but comes across as just lazy , limp and unfunny .
Do n't . Do n't go see this . Do n't subject yourself to this . Do n't subject your brain to this . Do n't give these people your money and encourage them to make more of this .
The filmmakers border on sophomoric desperation , achieving a measurable shred of humor only in the outtakes during the closing credits .
A laughter vacuum whose race to parody the likes of Mama and the new Evil Dead remake did n't stretch to writing actual jokes .
The latest installment of the slick , highly profitable parody franchise .
It 's supposed to be funny , but you 'd have an easier time reading a zombie 's pulse than you would finding a single good laugh ...
This vapid , vulgar insult to the intelligence could n't possibly have been tested on any focus groups . Can we all now agree that we 've reached the cinematic saturation point with the rapidly-expiring , Scary Movie franchise ?
If I ever have to watch another Scary Movie film , I 'll give up on writing , cinema , and society forever .
For the art-house crowd , who may , I suppose , stumble drunk into the wrong theater after too much Chardonnay , there are nods to Black Swan and 127 Hours .
The scariest thing about Scary Movie 5 is that it actually made me chortle less than some of the silly horror flicks it 's trying to spoof !
Lacking a single honest laugh , this is shoddy by comparison with the other Scary Movie sequels ... which throws it in a pit with Transylmania , Breaking Wind and Stan Helsing .
A film composed almost entirely of jokes that were much funnier when you read them on Twitter years ago .
Like so much of this whole series , the mere mention of a familiar pop culture figure or title is supposed to be hilarious .
Scary Movie 5 must be some kind of psychological experiment . Perhaps the filmmakers sat in a lab , rubbing their temples while wondering aloud how awful they could make a movie and still score at the box office .
If it 's even possible , Scary Movie 5 is worse than its predecessors , reaching all new heights of stupidity and fall-flat comedy .
The best part of Scary Movie 5 -- not counting the part when it 's over -- comes near the beginning .
I have been to funerals a LOT less sad than this laughless 85 minutes . -LRB- Complete Content Details for Parents also available -RRB-
Scary Movie 5 is a dumbed down and hollow version of the franchise formula - resulting in an idiotic -LRB- and unamusing -RRB- attempt at parody that is tedious not fun .
A hate crime against cinema , a ringing indictment of the depths commercialism will go to in search of the lowest common denominator .
yap yap yap yap yap ...
The `` Scary Movie '' franchise has never been known for its highbrow comedy , but this latest installment feels especially juvenile and pointless .
There are opportunities to have a good time with this film , if you are a forgiving sort .
This is the sort of movie where you feel bad for Sheen and Lohan , because they had n't actually hit rock bottom until they agreed to appear in it .
You know that friend of yours , the one who ca n't tell even the simplest joke ? Watching him struggle for 85 minutes would still be funnier than this movie .
Even if you chuckle occasionally at this , it 's hard to see how anyone would want to pay to see it .
Another pointless exercise that only served to make me deeply examine why comedy was ever funny . Next time , I 'd rather just laugh .
Surely we have a responsibility to audiences in need of laughter , and surely we can do better than this .
The inexcusably desperate `` Scary Movie 5 '' is this once-prosperous series ' death rattle .
85 or so minutes of random nonsense from filmmakers so clearly dispirited by their mercenary assignment that they seem to be running out the clock from the very first frame .
-LSB- A -RSB- numbingly inane if cheerfully up-to-the-minute new entry in a franchise presumed to have breathed its last seven years ago .
You must have a better way to spend that $ 13 .
Put it this way , there 's a spoof of `` Rise of the Planet of the Apes '' in which gorillas throw their feces at the wall to see if it sticks , and you ca n't help wondering if this is actual documentary footage of the script meetings .
A pitiful grab bag of awful with a torturous sense of humor , crash landing a formerly inoffensive franchise into hostile Friedberg/Seltzer territory .
If AIRPLANE ! was Mad Magazine at its absolute best , a real genius work of insanity , SCARY MOVIE V is an issue you do n't bother trying to get back after the teacher confiscates it .
Scary Movie 5 is so bad , it makes A Haunted House look like a Seltzer/Friedberg comedy .
like a sharp stick in the eye
Spoofing movies ranging from Black Swan to Mama to Paranormal Activity , this installment of the profitable series is woefully , painfully unfunny .
Spoofs always break the rule of half-mocking something stale , but I had no idea we needed a minimum amount of time needed before a reference .
These movies grow shorter and less funny by the year .
When you find yourself wishing there was more Lindsay Lohan in a movie , you know it 's bad . SCARY MOVIE 5 is so bad that a DJ spinning a pizza instead of a record is what passes for a sight gag . Or a woman having sex with a microwave ...
This is the first Scary Movie in seven years , but the formula remains unchanged , with a thin storyline linking spoofs of Hollywood hits .
It says a lot about the film that the only half-laughs to be had come from Charlie Sheen and Lindsay Lohan .

@highlight

Juvenile even by Scary Movie standards , this fifth installment offers stale pop culture gags that generate few laughs .