After Earth stays grounded , and manages to tell a pretty decent story .
The future-based characters seem to bear no relation at all to actual living , laughing , arguing human beings .
With all the other sci-fi options at multiplexes right now , this Will Smith vehicle will probably get lost in the shuffle .
Will -LRB- Smith -RRB- , normally box-office gold , has a seriously off-day , and the leaden , humourless script is awful . I was bored after barely five minutes .
Preachy , draggingly directed by M Night Shyamalan and just not much fun .
The story could have been so much better in its original simplicity .
Like ` Oblivion ' before it ` After ' says , ` Humans messed up , ' but offers meager entertainment , nothing in terms of solutions , and lots of intelligence-insulting pseudo-science .
If -LSB- Jaden Smith -RSB- wants a career in film , he 'll need to do better than this .
It 's not Shyamalan 's fault -- he did his best with what he was given . He deserves another shot .
After Earth unfortunately still finds M. Night Shyamalan plodding through another dull , lifeless movie .
After a not very impressive crash sequence , the film settles into a running battle between young Master Smith and a series of CGI monsters , a schema that sounds tiresome , and is .
The dialogue is as wooden as the acting , and the plot is just silly . Truly , the only thing the film has going for it are some occasionally cool special effects .
Shyamalan mostly stays out of the way , but he still makes himself known , and not in good ways .
The results are mixed .
Calling After Earth the worst film ever made may be overstating things , but it 's a disaster zone of Chernobyl-esque proportions .
The effects are second-hand stuff from Alien and Star Trek , spliced with Shyamalan 's regular homilies on Personal Growth .
As drama , After Earth offers no surprises ; as action , it 's rarely stimulating ; as a parenting manual , it seems that Will has thrown Jaden into water that 's a little too deep .
There 's an extended animated sequence where atop a high hill , Kitai is surrounded by helix swells of grackles and blackbirds , and the camera turns to reveal waves and waves of burly bison . To the wonder , ho !
Does not enhance reputations or entrance audiences despite , or because of , pretentions to being larger than pure adventure .
It seems proud of its predictability only because we should feel privileged to watch Will Smith and his son act in a second movie together .
Pompous , humourless tosh .
Shyamalan 's worst habits end up overwhelming the most formidable assets at his disposal : the Smiths .
As the story moves along with an almost medicating dullness , so antiseptic and square and insulated from any fun or spark or non-self-seriousness , the entire movie has that plastic-wrap feel of a hermetically-sealed Hollywood vanity project .
The thinness of the story is its greatest undoing , culminating in an anticlimax that is distinctly unsatisfying .
... a step in the right direction for beleaguered filmmaker M. Night Shyamalan ...
By any fair measure , After Earth is actually quite a nifty , pacy adventure film , even though it was directed by M. Night Shyamalan , who has not made a good film since his 1999 debut The Sixth Sense .
Uneven father-son post apocalyptic space adventure still a minor comeback for the director .
The dejected Will Smith is forced to inject himself with pain relief . The label warns that the drug could cause extreme drowsiness and impaired vision . One can only imagine that Will was suffering from both when he agreed to film this daft script .
This movie ... is about nobody 's pleasure or deep vision . It is , instead , about positioning two actors in the power structure of the film industry .
It is ironic that a film about a son following the legacy of his father has seen the Smith family shoot themselves in the foot in their second outing as a collective .
Part Scientology tool , part extremely ill-conceived familial gift -LRB- would n't it be better to let your kid go to school than ask him to endure endless takes in a greenscreen studio ? -RRB- and part blatant money-making attempt .
Stay home . Paint something . Watch it dry . It 'll be more rewarding .
Shyamalan mashes up the man-vs-nature journey with some post-apocalyptic sci-fi stuff , and neither manages to hold audience interest .
Visually impressive but sadly incredulous , `` After Earth '' is only redeemed by the performances of the Smith family .
At least it 's a step-up on The Happening and The Last Airbender . Compared to those , After Earth looks like Citizen Kane . But that 's not saying much .
It made me believe I 'd been transported to a Hollywood studio backlot , where Smith family movies are made .
It makes Oblivion look like 2001 in comparison .
At its core , the movie is a formulaic coming-of-age story about a precocious son trying to prove his worth to his overbearing absentee father , as well as a predictable tale of wilderness survival against the odds .
If you 're going to engage the audience , you need someone who is strong and charismatic . Jaden Smith is not that .
Less exciting or engaging than an old fashioned adventure and filled with wooden dialogue a father would n't -LRB- or should n't -RRB- use with his 13 year old son , After Earth is stodgy and rather meaningless
Even the charismatic Will , given the restraints of his robotic character , can not save his son - or the film . It 's a sci-fi thriller , a father-son relationship film , a coming of age story and creature feature all rolled into one confusing package
a disappointing two-handed , hostile-planet adventure , that relies far too heavily on the acting ability of Jaden Smith , co-staring with father Will
Torço apenas para que Shyamalan anuncie sua aposentadoria e , com isso , se poupe de mais embaraços e pare de destruir seu já frágil legado .
Clearly a vanity project , Smith perhaps imagines this plot device will signify to the world that he 's ready to pass the action hero mantle on to his son , but it takes more than nepotism to make a movie star .
It 's dull stuff , indifferently staged , with heavy-handed references to Moby-Dick .
Ultimately , the film is an ill-conceived and poorly executed star vehicle that does n't possess the creativity or filmmaking prowess necessary to turn it into anything more .
`` I wan na work with Mom , '' says Jaden at the close . It 's not just his on screen Dad he 's talking to .
The cinema posters have been bearing down on us for months - but now that this dreary , near-lifeless , suffocating excuse for a film is on the silver screen , few will be able to spot the difference .
After Earth is dragged down by , yes , Will Smith 's apparent desire to share his boring concerns about parenthood with a blameless audience .
The script basically has its legs broken as badly as Will Smith 's .
It takes itself far too seriously , wasting Will 's natural charisma and easy going screen presence .
It 's not often that a movie makes you think , Good riddance to humanity .
The problem is that the film is chockful of clichés and stymied by production design and CG effects that look as if the worst of the Star Wars series was being devoutly copied .
This is Smith as you 've never seen him before - a humourless bore .
Apart from the odd effective sequence , this is nothing but a by-the-numbers survival story peddling contrived emotion , glittering sets and repetitive CGI peril .
Writer-director M. Night Shyamalan , who had n't made a truly great film since 2002 , returns to form with this exciting and well-paced adventure
Umm ... no .
The dialogue is platitudinous and delivered in stilted accents . The structure is that of a very dull video game made by someone who once watched The Lord Of The Rings .
A sci-fi drama of such incredible boredom that your synapses will be turned to Bostik , featuring a triple-whammy of abysmal acting , directing and story .
It 's -LSB- Shyamalan 's -RSB- most bearable film in years : a meagre feat , perhaps , but one we might as well be honest about .
... the lame video game story line and nauseating narration of After Earth will certainly give you a queasy feeling that will make you grasp for an air sickness bag .
It is all as predictable as Christmas , assuming your Christmases , like mine , start feral before turning cosy .
While I understand the critical backlash towards Shyamalan , I disagree and found After Earth to be a solid movie , not great but good .
An unqualified disaster in the purest sense .
Ultimately , it 's a workmanlike sci-fi thriller that never really manages to erase the stain of Hollywood nepotism .
A Will Smith vanity project that never delivers the Will Smith type of entertainment we expect .
Will Smith is the very embodiment of movie star charisma and Jaden might be a chip off the old block , but here , they 're obliged to be po-faced and just plain un-cool . This is Earth , but not as we know it .
-LSB- Shyamalan 's -RSB- best film since The Village , which would be a really mean thing to say about anybody who was n't the auteur behind Lady in the Water .
Alas , M. Night Shyamalan 's ` After Earth ' is obvious and unoriginal , a science fictional meditation on excess by way of exceptionalism , loss by way of triumph .
Unforgivably dull , disappointing Sci-Fi thriller that fails thanks to a tedious script , poor performances , some dodgy CGI effects and repetitive , badly directed action sequences .
Most disappointing is the film 's lack of ambition , as what could have been a sparky mainstream space opera becomes just another tedious jungle chase movie .
If you thought the Smiths had a hard time of it in their last movie , heaven knows they 're miserable now .
For anyone who ever wanted to see a Will Smith summer blockbuster where Smith does nearly all his acting sitting down while his miscast , out-of-his-depth offspring does all the work , After Earth is the movie for you .
The critical problem with After Earth is that Smith Jr 's whiny character has all the likeability of an anal fissure .
Bad movies are real . Seeing this one is a choice .
For all its mealymouthed dialogue and often comical solemnity After Earth at least delivers consistently diverting entertainment ...
From its opening montage to its closing shots , `` After Earth '' comes across as an extremely generic effort written by an elementary school student .
Prepare to cringe and snicker whenever the characters are talking , but gasp when Shyamalan just shows amazing stuff .
a solemn , self-congratulatory flick showing all the symptoms of a vanity piece run amok
Nepotism has always been part of the Hollywood firmament , but it 's sunk to a new low with Will Smith 's vanity vehicle for his 14 year-old son Jaden .
M. Night Shyamalan 's malformed ode to father/son bonding in the year 3000 on an abandoned planet known as Earth is frighteningly bungled from the very first pedestrian shot .
A character notes that Earth is now overrun by all manner of frightening creatures , but those expecting the thrills of King Kong 's Skull Island will be sorely let down -- heck , even those expecting the thrills of Vacation 's Walley World will feel cheated .
Nevermind M. Night Shyamalan 's cumulative global box-office grab of $ 2.5 billion on total production budgets of $ 665 million . Numbers lie . `` After Earth '' is a wasteland riddled with cinematic trash .
How could species evolve over the course of a mere thousand years to get a serious hate on for human beings , when * no humans have been on the planet that entire time * ?
After Earth is the sort of picture the Mystery Science Theater 3000 gang would salivate over .
Nap Time !
... neither a terrible sci-fi ` er nor a very good one . It 's a capably handled escape with above average CG effects . Adolescent boys looking for a Saturday afternoon time-killer could do worse .
Is there a more satisfying career implosion than that of M. Night Shyamalan ?
Jaden carries himself well in this futuristic adventure , which was filmed in a variety of lush locations around the globe .
no better than Rebecca Black 's `` Friday '' video . It 's a bought-and-paid-for vanity piece for a spoiled teenager
After Earth is an extremely uneven and flawed film , but for moviegoers who are intrigued by the initial premise , it 's not the throwaway disaster that some might claim .
Think The Happening , plus bloodthirsty baboons .
The movie takes off from a concept as basic as a videogame , and it sticks to that concept , without surprise .
As the story of a son desperate to please a perfectionist celebrity father , ` After Earth ' may be more worthwhile for future Smith family biographers than for action fans .
A film in which the text and subtext-an effortlessly gifted father presses his less-talented son to follow in his footsteps-are in perfect alignment . Alas , only in one of the two does the story end happily .
After Earth is the cinematic equivalent of Rebecca Black 's `` Friday '' - a parent-funded vanity project gone horribly wrong and thrust out into the world for the rest of us to not enjoy .
I suppose we should be grateful that there is n't a half-buried Statue of Liberty or an empty , deteriorated football stadium .
At least people wo n't be shelling out extra cash for 3-D glasses for this 2-dimensional bomb .
All the neat visuals on Earth ca n't cover up that this is a movie Will Smith is hoping will make Jaden a star .
it may not be the complete return to form of Shyamalan , but `` After Earth '' has all the goods necessary for an entertaining summer ride .
Exciting sci-fi action and warm father-son bonding .
For a father-son film project , there 's strangely little emotional connection between the pair onscreen .
By the standards of M. Night 's Shyamalan 's recent films , After Earth is surprisingly not horrible .
It 's no classic , but it 's a special movie : spectacular and wise .
It 's impossible to take this movie seriously , certainly not as seriously as it takes itself .
With `` After Earth , '' Smith ca n't even save himself , his film , or his director
Weak performances , a pathetic protagonist , and an overuse of flashbacks make After Earth more painful to choke down than the air of the quarantined planet .
After Earth smacks of -LSB- Shyamalan 's -RSB- worst tendencies - performances hamstrung by awkward and stiff dialogue , and a bloated sense of self-importance .
Smith Family Lost in Space
It 's a bit of a bounce back for Shyamalan , who 's reconnecting with what worked in `` The Sixth Sense . ''
Jaden Smith has screen presence , but he is not an accomplished actor , no matter how hard his father wills it . Carrying a big-budget movie by himself at this stage in his career is asking too much .
A dull sci-fi survival flick that crashes and burns under the inept direction of M. Night Shyamalan .
`` After Earth '' is a clunky sci-fi tale that is surprisingly dull and filled with a lot of unfortunate creative choices .
The characters are emotionally neutered ; the average viewer wo n't care about them . The pacing is plodding and uneven .
Will Smith is a fun and funny guy . So why is Smith 's sci-fi thriller screaming for a sense of humor ?
Compared to the wackadoo ramblings of The Happening or the stark-raving silliness of Lady in the Water , this film is a more generic failure .
Not since John Travolta kicked the tires on Battlefield Earth and pronounced it good to go has there been a big-name flameout as disastrous as this .
After Earth is not as bad as The Last Airbender . Yes , you heard it here first : After Earth is not as bad as one of the worst big budget films ever released . So , better than bad ? It still ai n't good .
Too bad , too , that the CGI creatures in the film look as fake as the monkeys in Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull .
The problem is that Jaden Smith is a truly , deeply limited actor . When you call on him to do THIS much on screen , it 's not good . In fact , it 's painful . -LRB- Complete Content Details for Parents are also available -RRB-
Even with his charismatic dad in his earpiece calling the shots , Jaden ca n't turn himself into a movie star by sheer force of Will .
Jaden Smith -LRB- who was actually good in THE KARATE KID -RRB- winds up looking like a nervous child who , forced to play baseball by his father , strikes out with the bases loaded .
After Earth at least looks distinctive , and the movie 's overall atmosphere of close-quarter jungle delirium is enhanced by the cramped , earth-toned interiors of spaceships , off-world colony condos and crashed cockpits .
It 's just a somewhat mundane coming-of-age story with a terribly miscast lead .
Here 's one of those instances where a little mystery surrounding the scenario and characters could be of benefit ...
It had a great premise , solid special effects and decent direction , but the film 's potential is derailed by some truly atrocious acting , especially from Jaden Smith .
Though a scant 100 minutes long , After Earth feels longer and slower than your average PBS pledge drive .
Whatever budget was spent on After Earth did not go into the effects .
`` After Earth '' is a Smith-family vanity project , a home movie foisted on an unsuspecting and gullible public . Maybe next time Will and Jaden want to connect , they should just build a treehouse .
A beautiful bit of world-building that - if you 're not chronically opposed to Will Smith and his kid - will transport you to the kind of adventure that I know I imagined in the backyard when I was younger than Jaden Smith .
Is `` After Earth '' the worst movie ever made ?
There is no small irony that this sci-fi action adventure is about surviving a serious crash . The scorched earth left behind by `` After Earth '' is sure to leave a scar on everyone involved .
Will Smith has done to Jaden with this movie what Rebecca Black 's parents did to her with `` Friday . ''
Any tension is lost in the director 's achingly slow pacing .
While it 's entirely possible that 14-year-old Jaden Smith will develop into a serious actor or a dashing leading man -LRB- or even both -RRB- , his superstar dad Will has done him no favors by giving him the lead role in `` After Earth . ''
Much of Will 's dialogue consists of life lessons imparted to the boy , and they sound like a motivational seminar .
One tries not to get cranky about bad science in sci-fi blockbusters , but this is a staggeringly dumb idea .
You do n't have to wait too long in the sci-fi adventure After Earth to get the uneasy feeling that you 're going to be in for an awfully long 100 minutes .
Given the talent involved , one hoped for so much more .
M. Night Shyamalan has directed movies that are surprising , hokey , suspenseful , sentimental , clever , touching or cheesy . But until After Earth , he had n't made any that are dull from end to end .
This is one of those movies where you suspect that more thought was given to coining cool , futuristic names than to plot development .
The futuristic production design is blandly generic , the special effects , props and costumes cheap and slapdash-looking .
A forgettable slice of cinematic nepotism .
At least Shyamalan has clawed his way from terrible back to so-so .
What undoes the film is its rather rancid parent-child sentimentality -LRB- a Shyamalan staple , admittedly -RRB- and a charisma-free performance from the younger Smith that suggests the apple has fallen very far from the tree , indeed .
Mr. Smith and his wife , Jada Pinkett Smith , are producers on `` After Earth , '' which suggests that there was no one on the production who could really say no to him .
The truly sad thing is , this would n't be a bad story if you stripped away all the sci-fi flash and psychobabble .
Though it 's meant to be pulse-pounding , After Earth is a lethargic slog .
A simplistic , father-son morality play strictly for little kids and diehard Will and Jaden Smith fans . Destined to be added to the pantheon of inadvertently-funny blaxploitation flicks with a devoted cult following .
After Earth merits comparison with 2000 's Battlefield Earth , John Travolta 's godawful film tribute to the sci-fi novel by Scientology founder L. Ron Hubbard . Yes , it 's that bad .
The art of storytelling is both of distinct narrative interest and personal issue in the latest payload of calcified nonsense from one of modern cinema 's oddest would-be auteurs .
A passably entertaining adventure best suited to 10-year-old boys .
one big fat fiasco
Every bit as bad as you 'd fear of a movie from the writer of ` The Book of Eli ' and the director of ` The Last Airbender . ' Where are the guys from Mystery Science Theater when you need them ?
The only value in watching it is to see an expensive disaster slowly unfold .
After Earth is an underwhelming exercise in science fiction that barely registers as entertainment .
After Earth is refreshing in that it 's not rife with fast-cuts , whooshing camera shots , and overblown visual effects .
A disastrous father-son endeavor about a calamitous father-son expedition , After Earth does n't play to the strengths of any of its major participants .
The twist to M. Night Shyamalan 's After Earth is that there is no twist , unless you count -LRB- all -RRB- personality being drained from Will Smith .
Director Shyamalan gets the most out of the Smiths , sometimes simply staying out of their way . He also keeps things moving briskly with a story that eschews exposition in favor of flashback glimpses .
`` After Earth '' is n't just chaotic and desperate -- and grindingly slow -- it 's also lazy .
It 's an admirable YA adventure , a moderately engaging piece of sci-fi storytelling , a return to respectability for Shyamalan and a welcome departure for an aging Will Smith .
Some of `` After Earth '' is intriguing , if you ignore the premise and the story and the direction and much of Jaden Smith 's performance . Other than that ...
it 's better than M. Night 's last couple of movies . At times it actually comes close to being relatively decent movie . Sadly , those moments are all within the first twenty minutes .
After Earth may lack the neck-swiveling awfulness of Shyamalan 's The Last Airbender , but it quickly sinks in its logorrheic solemnity .
Nobody on-screen has much fun with `` After Earth . '' And neither do we .
Not only derivative of and beholden to the original `` Star Trek '' but has the as-told-to quality of a vaguely Scientology-like parable .
-LSB- Shyamalan 's -RSB- grasp of film fundamentals is so tenuous that this hot-air balloon gets blown into the rarefied air of the worst movies ever made .
M. Night Shyamalan is branching out , coming up with new ways to make bad movies . His plan must be to exhaust all possibilities , so as to eventually come full circle and make a good one by accident .
Summer 2013 has its first bomb , and sadly , it 's landed right on Will Smith .
... the film offers some very knowing examples of the way both parents and children have to adjust their thinking over the course of their relationship , wrapped up in a visually dynamic world that simply makes the stakes feel more urgent ...
Watching `` After Earth '' is not only akin to watching someone playing the old `` E.T. '' game that Atari put out back in the day but it is one of the few entertainment experiences that compares unfavorably to that legendary betrayal of audience goodwill
After Earth might have worked as an episode in the Star Trek series , circa 1966-69 . As a big Hollywood sci-fi adventure for the summer of 2013 , it just seems uninspired , tired and sometimes ridiculous .
`` After Earth '' is a work of hubris magnified by multiple miscalculations , the kind of film that would cause Ed Wood to excuse himself and skulk to the exit .
The level to which ` After Earth ' is a catastrophe is amazing .
After Earth tells the story of an inexperienced boy trying desperately to please his father while making one mistake after another , and as such , it becomes an uncomfortable metaphor for itself .
Jaden is fine at running , jumping , fearful trembling , and affecting steely resolution . He does n't yet have his father 's charisma ; perhaps to help him out , dad opted not to bring that charisma to the set .
They set out to make a sci-fi film with the power to change the way you look at your fellow man . And they made one that just made me want to leave this planet that much sooner .
Bits of the plot , including the environmental science of the new Earth , make no sense . The dialogue is leaden . And the special effects are surprisingly unconvincing ...
I ca n't lie and say I did n't enjoy this asinine movie .
The movie spent a lot of time teetering on the verge of failure but both Smiths pull it back and make it fairly enjoyable . Jaden Smith proves that he is a star . Haters gon na hate .
What do you give the kid who has everything ? His own summer action-adventure blockbuster , of course ... Well , it certainly beats a cake and a card , but considering what a well-crafted bore After Earth turns out to be , perhaps not by much .
This would be a difficult film even for the charismatic Papa Smith to carry . That he spends nearly the entire movie in a chair does n't help matters .
Had the ad mentioned him , it probably would have said , ` An M. Night Shyamalan film . Sorry . '
Well , it 's not as bad as Wild , Wild West .
Childish
Basically , this is Smith and his real-life son , Jaden -LRB- both affecting ridiculous mid-Atlantic accents -RRB- talking the audience to death for something like 90 minutes before the closing credits .
`` After Earth '' wo n't change your world , but it 's attractive ...
Shyamalan 's sensibility may not be enough to turn After Earth into a great -LRB- or even very good -RRB- film , but it does yield interesting-and at times strikingly realized-results .
Shyamalan is clearly a director-for-hire here , his disinterest palpable from first frame to last .
-LSB- A -RSB- disappointingly generic film ...
This is not the same M. Night Shymalan who gave audiences a reason to shriek in fright one minute and uncontrollably weep the next . Where has that artist gone ? `` After Earth '' bears the mark of a work-for-hire who has all but given up .
After Earth is no Titan A.E. .
A trite sci-fi adventure that 's probably too intense for younger viewers and not sophisticated enough for adults .
You 'll spend much of your time waiting for it to be after After Earth , waiting for that respite brought about by the damn thing finally getting to its silly , telegraphed point .
After Earth is completely watchable genre entertainment , but it would have been nice to have had more to recommend the film than simply announcing that Shyamalan has n't laid another egg .
It 's really the helmer 's iffy creative decisions that keep After Earth more of a wince-inducing drag than the heart-squeezing , mind-blowing sci-fi adventure it desires to be .

@highlight

After Earth is a dull , ploddingly paced exercise in sentimental sci-fi -- and the latest setback for director M. Night Shyamalan 's once-promising career .