This is not high art cinema , but for ninety minutes Mr. Right is just plain fun .
Mr. Right is a perfectly entertaining , harmless little rom-com film infused with some post-modernist fun that sets it apart from your standard Nicholas Sparks schlock .
Kendrick is a passable heroine doing her best with an underwritten role , so it 's left to Rockwell 's easy manner and raffish charm to shoulder the heavy lifting .
While too self-aware to eclipse the films of the '90s to which it is so clearly indebted , Mr. Right still manages to scratch the same itch .
`` I wan na do something terrible ! '' Kendrick announces early in the film , and she at least did that - she did ` Mr. Right . '
Anna Kendrick continues to be eminently watchable in absolutely anything and everything .
Very uneven but ultimately passable RomCom guns-and-guts mash-up .
While it 's supposed to add up to a witty marriage between romance and anarchy , it 's so light on moral implications that it 's just tacky .
Teamed together on another project in the future , -LSB- Rockwell and Kendrick -RSB- could really be on to something .
... a win-win charmer .
As a keen fan of black comedy , I was expecting a knockout , but it turns out to be a slap with a wet lettuce leaf .
The hitman romcom ... is pretty silly really , especially when it becomes a senseless bullet-fest .
It 's a tale of two undercooked films that abruptly becomes one undercooked film in Mr. Right , a romantic comedy that violently collides with an action thriller .
Rockwell and Kendrick are great together , but the movie never quite marries the cute romance and the bloody killings . Most of the time the two leads appear to be on their own in a completely separate movie .
The only surprise comes in the scattered moments of irreverence where it 's actually mildly entertaining . The rest of the time this half-baked action-comedy-romance just feels like the worst of Hollywood clichés thrown together to see what sticks .
Sam Rockwell and Anna Kendrick 's performances are good , but not enough to save this chaotic joke of a film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Mr. Right is n't a bad movie as much as it is two-and-a-half , maybe three bad movies playing all at the same time .
Mr. Right is a mess . It 's not a great movie . It 's all quirk and flash , with no logic and minimal real emotion .
Martha should have fled in the other direction the moment the first blade zinged past her . Which is exactly what the actors should have done .
For me , there was too much cute and not enough of Rockwell .
One of those sad cases where , in spite of two game and attractive leads , almost everything goes wrong .
`` Mr. Right '' hires two charismatic lead actors , Anna Kendrick and Sam Rockwell , then expects them to carry a movie with almost no compelling reason to exist .
The plot is lunacy and could certainly have more explanation . The characters are insane . Even so , almost the entirety of the film is brilliantly funny and enjoyable .
It wants to be ` Grosse Pointe Blank , ' which does it few favors , lacking as it does any of that film 's deep wells of soul .
Rockwell , who literally dances his way through battle scenes with guns and knives , has n't had a role this satisfying in years .
Odd mix of romance and action has lots of bloody violence .
The ludicrous action-flick plot slows to a crawl whenever Kendrick and Rockwell are n't on screen -LRB- although RZA has a fun cameo as a kindhearted gunman -RRB- , but the unlikely duo make this candy-colored carnival of blood and romance hard to resist .
Kendrick and Rockwell score every hit they can with screenwriter Max Landis 's hit-or-miss chatter . Kendrick has always been funny , but has she ever been let loose like this ?
Rockwell and Kendrick are a match made in Cuteville . But the movie has so much built-in cuteness of its own that it nearly swallows them whole .
`` Mr. Right '' is very , very , very wrong .
`` Mr. Right '' has a screwball effervescence , thanks to its leads , and even Fred Astaire flavor .
Despite more ironic music cues , the movie falls in a subgenre that has been largely immune to creeping Tarantinoism : the rom-com .
Director Paco Cabezas seems technically capable , and manages to make New Orleans look like a place instead of a romantic ideal or ruined cityscape . Better perhaps to put the blame on Max Landis ' overweening screenplay .
Rockwell and Kendrick , both of whom can really sell this film 's brand of laid-back quirk , keep things lively ...
Full of funny killers and clownish gangsters , ridiculous gunfights and fall-in-first-sight love , it 's the kind of movie you write when all you 've done is watch other movies . And not particularly good ones , either .
Landis and Cabezas never figure out how to pitch the ironic pulpiness of Mr. Right as anything other than a glib , pointless joke .
Loaded with quirk -LRB- most of it unbearable -RRB- , `` Mr. Right '' becomes leaden at the very moment it should build into inspired anarchy , exiting with palpable fatigue .
It has a bouncy sense of lunacy , wearing its derivative junkiness on its sleeve with surprising lightness of authority .
A screwball hit-man comedy in the Grosse Pointe universe , it 's like what you 'd get if Nora Ephron wrote True Lies while high .
Mr. Right proves that need n't be the case and hopefully it helps inject a little life back into the traditional action/comedy . The genre 's been sagging a bit as of late and it 'd be nice to have it back .
Mr. Right is aiming to be a tent-pole film that just happens to have a lot of dead bodies and just as many dutiful shots of the New Orleans skyline . The gambit may just work .
It 's ultimately too much kookiness for one romantic comedy to handle .
For viewers who can embrace this fizzy blend of mystic-assassin worship and cutesy at-first-sight romance , though , Paco Cabezas ' action rom-com will be the best thing since Grosse Pointe Blank .
... the two central performances , charming as they sporadically are , veer more towards obnoxiously broad than comedically endearing .
Breezy , enjoyable action-comedy .
Rockwell and Kendrick do their best in a film that lacks the necessities : sensible plotting , meticulous cinematography , and well-paced editing .
Grotesquely cynical
Rockwell and Kendrick 's selling points - stoner loucheness for him , peppy weirdness for her - are a strange mix with the screwball tone .
It did n't seem like the phrase `` it 's no American Ultra '' would ever be necessary , but then along comes Mr. Right .
A frivolous attitude towards violence , relationships , animals , FBI agents , people in general but women especially , turns `` Mr. Right '' into a one-dimensional , lazy , mildly offensive attempt at entertainment and humor .
Kendrick and Rockwell are so utterly in their wheelhouses that their daffy line readings and simpatico physicality create a kind of delirious super-chemistry .

@highlight

Sam Rockwell and Anna Kendrick work well together , but Mr. Right is too much of a tonal jumble to take advantage of their chemistry .