As a meditation on the mechanics of male bonding , Goat ... has a lot to recommend , filled with sensitive performances from its two leads .
Goat paints an ugly portrait of young white manhood stewing in its own idiocy until the inevitable tragic result is reached .
Andrew Neel 's Goat is an excellent showcase for up-and-coming star Ben Schnetzer , whose strong performance hints at the better film it could have been .
The barbaric practice of hazing ... turns out to be a toxic brew of sadomasochism and machismo , which makes this unflinching American indie drama at times tough to watch .
Whatever the second half 's flaws , Goat 's final sequence is at once plangent , hopeful , and instructive .
Saved primarily by a first act that stuns and a leading man that captivates , Goat needed to go further into its excoriating of this lifestyle to be more than a blip on the cinematic radar .
Unflinching look at frat culture has sex , drugs , violence .
Most are already keenly aware of how disgusting and deplorable hazing is , but Neel 's film serves as a wake-up call for those who still perpetuate the tradition or do n't view it as a deadly serious issue .
... explores in convincing detail the legacy of unabated white privilege and sadistic macho posturing that pervades such organizations .
Hearing adorable little Nick Jonas drop the F-bomb over and over just seems to go against God 's law .
Like a driver 's - ed filmstrip of bloody car wrecks , its scenes of ritualized cruelty , initially grueling , soon blur together .
If you are college-bound , go and see Goat first , but for God 's sake do n't take your parents .
Effective and jarring , Goat is a tough pill to swallow , but that 's the point .
A pretty fantastic character study that really keeps you invested in the story and where it goes .
Goat is a suitably horrific exposé of campus hazing , but it 's wise about the difficulties of ending it , even when victims and perpetrators both want it to stop .
Ultimately ... it 's the story of the real brothers , well played by Schnetzer and Jonas , rather than the pseudo ones of the frat that gives the picture its power .
A shocking descent into debauchery that 's as gripping as it is disgusting , -LSB- with -RSB- Neel delivering a searing portrait of abuse I 'm not sure I could have torn my eyes away from had I wanted to try .
Any discussion of toxic masculinity , or the ways in which brotherhood in all its forms can get twisted , is likely to be muted by second-guessing of the movie 's methods .
Neel and co-writer David Gordon Green make an ungainly attempt to wrap its unsavory subject matter in a melodrama that 's just not convincing , despite some strong performances .
Though the movie aims for the gravity and psychological horror of Stanley Kubrick 's Full Metal Jacket , the film is essentially the dark flip side of a Seth Rogen comedy ...
It 's unflinching in showing what happens and how it happens , but the whys of the culture elude it .
If the story takes familiar turns , it does nothing to lessen its impact . The calamities arrive like way stations in a classic Greek tragedy of hubris and excess .
A fact-based fratboy movie it might be helpful to think of as Animal House minus the laughs .
Director Andrew Neel and writer David Gordon Green masterfully infuse the latent physical threat that arises when a group of hyper-masculine frat boys get together into a quiet indie drama .
The performances are conscientious and earnest ; Mr. Jonas has not much to do but come off as callow , with a streak of kindness , and he does so .
Goat depicts a sheep among wolves , and the only scenes that feel untrue are the ones that imply the sheep are winning .
With the masterful final shot , Neel wisely leaves the character in a fragile place , uncertain of his next steps .
-LSB- it 's -RSB- is about a male fraternity , which easily could qualify it as a boys-will-be-boys lark ... -LSB- but -RSB- Goat is a more serious venture -- one that tackles this all-American institution 's casual brutality with a refreshingly bare-bones candor .
These scenes put the strong young cast through their paces , with Schnetzer in particular giving a breakout performance that encapsulates Neel 's exploration of masculinity and its faults .
Andrew Neel 's Goat wants to be a shocking exposé of fraternity hazing , but it undercuts itself at every step .
Goat would n't be as strong as it is without the strength of Schnetzer 's lead performance , which provides the emotional anchor around which the rest of the film orbits .
This one 's a tough sit . I had to look away at times ; at the film 's midpoint , the hazing rituals of hell week begin in earnest , and Neel does n't elide much . There 's a numbing aspect to `` Goat . '' But the best of it , I 'd say , is honorably harsh ...
This is n't an easy film to watch . But it 's even harder to forget .
A narrowly focused but unsettling indictment of campus culture .
The film is another near-miss talking point in an endless deluge of reminders that this system creates a breeding ground for toxic masculinity .
Competent and finely-acted as it is - and that includes the former Jonas brother - it 's talented enough to make you wish it had something more surprising to say .
It might have set out to convey the disturbingly sadistic nature of institutional brotherhood , but it 's the familial variety with which `` Goat '' explores something ultimately more compelling .
Points are made and lessons imparted with all the subtlety and finesse of a Greek paddle to the head .
Neel relates the story with an oblique , jump-cut chronology that heightens the sense of alienation and anxiety .
A forceful indictment of the curdled masculinity that fuels some of the more extreme frat house behaviors that have made the news .
What cinema goer would ever want to sit through 102 minutes of gratuitous violence , both physical and verbal , misogyny and testosterone , often under the influence of alcohol and drugs ?
As a vision of toxic masculinity and the insecurities that inform it , Goat is shrewdly perceptive .
One walks away with a clear distaste for frat culture , but no real understanding of the men involved in it .
Goat 's depiction of unchecked and amoral alpha male egotism is devastating .
Few films take a look at the American male college tradition through such a dark , dramatic lens as `` Goat . ''
GOAT is at times daring , and definitely a bit unnerving .
Psychologically plausible , plentifully punitive and painfully convincing about man as animal , Goat is a brute success .
Director Andrew Neel 's astute portrait of masculine insecurity , rage and desire for strength and security .
The film 's understanding of the brittleness that begets the `` traditions '' of frat culture is altogether shallow .
By the end , you feel like one of the pledges disappointed by the outcome of all that humiliation : Why did we even bother ? Dude , I have no idea . I have no idea , bro .
The film 's one fresh angle - the relationship between Brad and Brett - is relegated to the B-side during the debauchery .
When the film feels like it 's reaching outside of its world to comment on masculinity as a whole , it falters a bit . When it stays focused on the harrowing story it tells , it connects .
Neel has taken college drama tropes and made them nastier , darker and much more interesting .
Neel 's movie grips not because of its depiction of hazing , although that is sweaty , disturbing and naturalistic , but because of the psychological tension that builds between the two brothers .
Even when it is at its most extreme , it feels painfully believable .
` Goat `` s bracing -LRB- yet never preachy -RRB- indictments of toxic masculinity are its best quality .
An intense , punishing watch that shines a harsh light over a culture amongst fraternities that many will not have been aware of before indulging in this endeavour .
Andrew Neel has crafted what could be his first major crossover hit , as he layers the film with a sense of darkness and dread that is wildly effective but never drowns out the rest of the picture .
Goat is a compelling watch , but in the end , its themes are a bit muddled , and certainly not unique .
It 's a refreshing and overdue exposure of the violence that white male privilege breeds and needs to reassert itself .
In this fluid , artfully rendered film , we both fear and pity all these animals .
Goat deals with masculinity , fraternities , and PTSD in equal doses , covering all of them with brutal precision and most importantly , success .
Goat rambles a bit , yet it 's a wild , scary , fascinating , and humane portrait of a system of approved depravity that has had way too many young men in its grip , reprogramming them into their own worst enemies .
... Goat seems to get off more on the shock value of its images instead of the insights they provide .
-LSB- Sundance 2016 -RSB- There may yet be a deeper motion picture to be made cracking wide open the dirty secrets of hazing at college fraternities . `` Goat '' plays like a Lifetime movie with breasts and four-letter words .
A surprisingly balanced and thoughtful look at the bro culture of frat life .
-LSB- A -RSB- harrowing exploration of masculinity , both its extremes and the fragility that lies beneath it .
At its core , `` Goat '' is really an old-fashioned exploitation film - one that clucks its tongue over a social problem while inviting its audience to enjoy the spectacle . The spectacle is actually pretty spectacular . The tongue-clucking not so much .
Likely to generate discussion not only for its intense scenes of frat pledges enduring `` Hell Week '' but also for the memorable performances by Ben Schnetzer and Nick Jonas .
A harsh but gripping study in uncontrolled male aggression .
Neel ca n't quite decide whether to indict or endorse the hard-partying behavior on display - painfully aware that half the audience has pledged or will pledge the Greek system .

@highlight

Goat is n't an easy watch , but its thought-provoking themes , talented cast , and all-out intensity offer rewards for viewers willing to tough it out .