... it 's one of the few romantic movies that center around an interracial relationship and keeps it real .
Mixing mirth with more sophisticated moments , this delightful romantic romp ultimately triumphs primarily because of the easy-going screen chemistry generated by Sanaa Lathan and Simon Baker .
A beguilingly heartfelt , low-key farce .
Something New is n't just silly , it 's an embarrassment to people who are genuinely trying to level the racial playing field in America today .
Generally the story swings wildly from preachy to just plain silly . It is truly a story of missed opportunities .
There 's zero chemistry between the leads ; for all their passionate declarations of love , you never believe they 've even spoken to each other before the cameras start turning over .
Something hackneyed , trite and boring , you mean .
By and large this is a hollow , laugh-free zone paying lip service to the issue in trite , predictable fashion .
Anyone who finds something new in Something New is obviously looking a whole lot closer than the movie deserves .
This ` new romantic comedy ' fails on all three counts : It 's not all that funny , it 's not very romantic , and it 's certainly nothing new .
A diamond in the rough .
Quietly , almost subliminally , Something New is more profound than the overwrought `` relevance '' of Oscar nominee Crash .
I suspect than a lot of audiences will find the serious nature of the subplot to be distracting .
It 's just too bad that this half-realized concept is tethered to an utterly unconvincing , warmed-over interracial romance rooted more in Harlequin fantasy than social realism .
Something New , in its endearingly daft third act , manages the neat feat of feeling sweetly inevitable rather than boilerplate predictable .
An affecting story that dares to dig deeper than the usual romantic comedy fluff .
... a nice mix of opposites-attract romanticism with the cultural divide drama .
Sometimes succeeds as genuinely new , while at other times it offers a fresh spin on its conventions . And it 's always pretty agreeable .
Something old is new again
The script ... discusses frankly the pressures placed on black women to date within the race as well as their attitudes about expanding their options ...
Sometimes as compelling as it is unoriginal .
This is new : Mike Epps plays a character with an arc .
A very funny , well thought out romantic comedy , despite a few predictable stereotypes of race and class . Lathan and Baker have great chemistry as the typical opposites .
What we 're left with is a standard romantic comedy with a few decent jungle fever jokes thrown in to spice up the formula .
Kenya is such a joyless creature it requires singular suspension of disbelief to accept that Brian Kelly , the white landscape architect , would stick around .
There 's enough honesty in the subject matter and performances that makes it appealing .
Aside from the political stuff , this is the same old same old that has been cluttering up stage and screen since at least the reign of King George II . It 's not only not `` something new '' it 's old hat .
It 's not my cup of tea but I 'm not wearing the bull 's eye it 's aimed at .
The title is deceptive ; there 's nothing new in Something New . In fact , it 's a pretty standard Waiting to Exhale-ish dramedy . Still , the sweet and engaging chemistry between the two leads manages to draw you in .
This is an inept and unsubtle romantic fantasy about how black people and white people do n't mix .
Ultimately , the approach to interracial romance is handled in a refreshing manner .
Something New has some surprisingly wise and nuanced things to say about navigating racial attitudes -- both society 's and one 's own .
It sometimes seems at odds with itself , vacillating between a realistic presentation of the obstacles black professional women face finding a suitable mate and another bit of Hollywood fluff where their skin color is glossed over .
The race card is still in play no matter what the social strata , but the message gets lost in the medium of excessive cuteness and too many contrived disagreements in dialogue .
First-time feature director Sanaa Hamri 's virtually perfect romantic comedy is a marvelous mix of brains and heart that confronts serious questions about race and dating with sensitivity , humor and enormous sex appeal .
It is the rare movie that looks at the relationship from the inside , which is precisely what Something New does .
Something New is something new , though , in circumstance and point of view .
Something New is n't Something Hilarious . But it is sweet enough and provocative enough to make it Hollywood 's best date movie this Valentine 's Day .
How many other movies dare to suggest that some white guys have soul , and some black guys are plain vanilla ?
Hamri delivers a thoughtful , entertaining , imperfect but solidly adult movie about the inconvenient path of true love .
What sets it slightly apart is a willingness to deal with a potentially tricky subject -- race -- in the context of light-hearted fluff .
The film 's lack of depth as it oversimplifies the complexities of racism keep it from being anything other than a lightweight date movie .
That the sexiest film in ages also has something to say feels like a gift .
Most movies about race are either broad , stupid comedies -LRB- Guess Who -RRB- or heavy-handed lectures -LRB- Crash -RRB- , so a film that uses wit and honesty to tackle the issue deserves a lot of credit .
Something New is actually something totally unexpected : a blissfully swoony romance spiked with frank talk about race and class that nudges the plot forward but never feels forced .
It 's more than just a romantic comedy , but not as heavy as a social commentary .
Something New is a message movie and it does n't hide that fact . But it also goes beyond the message , and that 's why it works .
Even when skewering the pompousness of upper-class black mobility , it 's still adorable .
Something New is nothing new . It 's just the latest spin on cliched romantic comedies about struggles faced by racially mixed couples .
If February is prime time for celebrating romance and black culture , then Something New delivers a powerfully seductive two-for-the-show .
Something New is an observant , clever riff on the familiar problems of romance and the career gal .
The stars ... must bushwack through a thick tangle of romantic-comedy cliches before arriving at anything remotely genuine and true , but they do manage to get there .
Something New delivers the romantic goods . Better yet , it 's entertaining and incredibly sexy .
The stars have chemistry , which may be all that we can hope for in factory-line fluff .
Something New insinuates a banal race-related subtext into its storyline .
Beautiful people fall in love with one another despite their differences and women leave the theater with renewed hope ... must be near Valentine 's day .
Charming and surprisingly sharp .
... -LSB- an -RSB- uneven but light-hearted salt-and-pepper urban romancer ... Something New is not a very apt title for this witty but familiar color-conscious love story .
Surely there will come a time when smart , talented , accomplished American women will tire of being told the reason they are unable to snag a man and wrangle a ring out of him is because of that enormous stick up their butts ?
Eschewing the shock contrivances and sitcom silliness of such recent predecessors as ` Crash ' and ` Guess Who , ' the movie examines interracial relationships with heartening optimism .
Something New is directed , written and produced by African-American women -LSB- , and -RSB- their sensibility infuses this otherwise frothy story with a shot of reality .
The race card is played ad nauseam throughout the film
-LSB- It -RSB- zeroes in on its target audience , primarily young , single African-American professional women .
This movie unfortunately comes off as mostly something old and something borrowed -- from Terry McMillian novels and from better movies .
Something New had the brains to be better than the typical romantic comedy servings ; but it gives in to doubt and formula far too easily , taking the steam out of the filmmakers ' ambitions .
As romances go , the only new thing Something New managed to finally actually do was break a heart ready and willing to embrace it . Mine .
Breezily uncomplicated enough to enjoy relatively wide commercial appeal ...
Something New will have to make do with being another iteration , albeit a confidently told and color-sensual one , of a familiar story .
Something New has all of the subtlety and nuance I found lacking in Crash
Good directors can overcome clichéd writing , but Hamri plays to the level of her screenplay .
The screenplay is smart , witty and understated , and director Sanaa Hamri shows a firm hand with her actors and injects the movie with a fresh energy that lives up to the title .
While not a laugh-out-loud comedy , Something New offers enough moments of genuine humor mixed in with the predictable pathos , thanks in part to its adept ensemble cast .
Hamri mechanically directs Something New right out of the romantic comedy rulebook , ignoring any potential ironies or unique ideas .
Sanaa Lathan 's classiness flows from the poise she projects ... Her cool understatement helps put over Something New 's premise -- which , if not old , is no longer in its 20s .
The theme of racial differences , with the black family highly educated and affluent referring to the landscape architect as ` the help ' adds a little freshness to a traditional when-will - she-realize - he 's - her - true-love storyline .
The experiences of a professional African American woman in a predominantly white business culture gives Something New an interesting perspective .
It is a warm , friendly movie , smooth and sensual in all the right ways ... What a wonderful surprise of a film .
The fun -- and the seriousness -- of the movie is in watching a beautiful , classy woman challenge an equally delectable opponent . It 's one heck of a matchup .
Happily for those of us who enjoy the genre but would n't mind more substance on the empty-calorie march toward bliss , Something New , the beguiling feature film debut from Sanaa Hamri , carries a little bit more weight than the average rom-com .
In this pleasantly diverting romance about a black woman and a white man forced to transcend prejudice , the chemistry between the leads is as unmistakable as the setup is contrived .
As stale as last year 's canceled UPN sitcoms .
If this romance is n't totally believable , the film 's social commentary is relevant , painless , and sometimes hilarious .
There 's a Harlequin romance feel to Something New , but it 's a good Harlequin .
Not since Hitch have I checked judgment at the concession counter and happily succumbed to a movie 's charms .
The film is smart and , given the current state of this tired and dumbed-down genre , that 's worth some extra bonus points right there .
It 's an easily digestible drama unwilling to really explore the complexity of its deep-rooted issues .
Emotionally satisfying and rings exceedingly true .
Something New delivers all the usual pleasures of a love story , and something more . The movie respects its subject and characters , and is more complex about race than we could possibly expect .
This is a romantic comedy with a lot on its mind .
The film is not riotous , but it is sporadically amusing , and the love affair is respectful of the characters , not fatuous .
It 's a fabrication of a gauzy romantic-comedy movieland where people of all colors can be equally trite and dull .
In a racially skittish nation where the most recent studio movie about interracial relations was the abysmal Guess Who , this film has the kind of guts we rarely see in mainstream movies . And it 's romantic , too .
Even when the plot gets a little iffy , Lathan and Baker save the day with their compelling performances .
Lathan and Baker are an apt pairing , playing off each other 's dialogue and verbal clues to craft convincing chemistry .
Given that there 's no nudity , no violence , and maybe only one word you ca n't say on TV , you probably need n't wait long for it to play on Lifetime .
-LSB- The film -RSB- is a shaky piece of work , with stumpy cinematography , choppy edits , speechy dialogue , and loose plotlines . And yet : There 's an easygoing authenticity to the depiction of Kenya and her world .
Something New might very well be the first `` Super-Duper Magical Caucasian '' movie ... a romantic drama/comedy that 's more interesting in theory than in execution .
Completely artificial ... a flimsy , flabby picture in which the romantic chemistry is forced , the script does nothing unexpected and the direction is slack .
Sanaa Hamri 's brisk , refreshingly understated romantic comedy Something New is the rare movie that delivers on its title 's promise .
An interracial love story that effectively conveys the challenges and the delights that face couples who choose to travel this path of intimacy .
`` Something New '' is a tentative baby step toward a hopefully improving cinematic dialogue about the fact of interracial relations and their acceptance in our society .
The story may not truly be something new , but as far as romantic comedies go , you could do a lot worse .
Something New 's title does n't extend to the film 's race-conscious rom-com formula .
... should please its targeted female demo in the market for a heart-shaped February confection with something more substantial than a mushy center
Look too closely and there will be questions about abandoned plot threads and excised scenes .





@highlight

Something New tackles serious questions about race and interracial relationships with genuine appeal and an alluring romance that develops as naturally as the plot .