Winter in Wartime is a sad , surprising film .
... there 's a lack of momentum here that prevents the viewer from connecting to the material on a frustratingly continuous basis ...
A child-witness-to-war movie gets lost in a convention-driven screenplay
A most involving and touching coming of age tale set in a time and place when childhood was a luxury few families or nations could afford .
Shot beautifully and it evokes its setting well , but sometimes the movie relies a little too much on plot trickery and not enough on the emotional state of its main character .
Spielbergian touches ... a good enough mainstream drama , but one ca n't help but feel it 's a missed opportunity to give Terlouw a more textured treatment .
... strong and natural performances ...
Sometimes familiarity is a good thing , and Koolhoven combines two familiar kinds of stories - the resistance drama and the coming-of-age drama - in a compelling way .
... a naive story that has some of the dreamy qualities of a remembered myth
The acting is superb , with Lakemeier the anchor surrounded by a talented ensemble . The soundtrack is effective in ratcheting up the suspense . Other strengths are the cinematography , sound and production design .
Director Martin Koolhoven , adapting Jan Terlouw 's 1972 novel , maintains the constant tension of a world where every stray word or glance could lead to tragedy .
This is an often emotionally harrowing depiction of a young idealist running smack into the brutal reality of occupied life .
Visually unremarkable , and worse than that when Koolhoven tries too hard : During a dramatic execution scene , the film shifts to slow-motion and the soundtrack becomes awash in angelic , choral harmonies ; the effect is kitschy and bathetic .
Winter in Wartime does n't reinvent the World War II drama , but it does n't have to ; it works solidly within the genre with affecting if predictable results .
Young Lakemeier , who plays Michiel , makes his feature film debut and rises to the challenge of scenes that would test the older , more experienced performers who surround him .
Winter in Wartime is an evocative Dutch movie about Michiel , a youthful adolescent coming of age in Nazi-occupied Holland in January 1945 . The film is full of symbols that give depth and texture to Michiel 's fateful journey .
This is a wonderfully realized human adventure , the tragedy and heartache inherent in warfare coupled with inner bursts of heroism magnetically brought to life first frame to last .
Writer-director Martin Koolhoven hits just the right balance of domesticity and oppression here , setting up the film 's tense second half with sweet early touches of naivete .
... carries an R rating in the U.S. , which means that not many children the age of the young protagonist -LRB- 13 -RRB- will get to see it , yet it has too many hallmarks of a juvenile film to satisfy most adults .
It 's got a grown-up artfulness , but `` Winter in Wartime '' could become a lot of boys ' favorite movie .
Here 's the film 's biggest obstacle : It 's patently ridiculous .
Nothing about Koolhoven 's film is stunning , but it 's a solid piece of work , occasionally feeling as tense as life-and-death situations with Nazis should be .
What makes `` Winter '' really special is its complex exploration of the theme of heroism .
Director Martin Koolhoven 's film about one boy 's struggle to make sense of the absurd - of the inhumanity of war and its effects on everyone around him .
Koolhoven does n't take many narrative chances , but the somber , steely cinematography and convincing performances help to carry the day .
Winter in Wartime benefits from top-notch production values and a sturdy performance from its young lead , Martijn Lakemeier .
`` Winter '' makes a complicated war look ridiculously simple .
A solid , unhurried piece of work that does n't provide the adrenaline rush its subject would seem to invite , but may be all the more powerful for its deliberation .
If you 've seen one slow-motion `` Noooooooo ! '' as a firing squad lets loose , you 've seen 'em all .
There 's the potential for rich psychological head games here , and `` Winter in Wartime '' flirts with them before giving itself over to contrivances .
Koolhoven humanizes some of the enemy soldiers , but despite a monochromatic palette depicting winter bleakness , he fails to build an atmosphere of urgency or menace to undercut the sometimes corny predictability .
It 's an affecting , if somewhat flavorless , journey .
All in all , Winter in Wartime is an eminently watchable movie , with some complex elements injected into the one war that , in our cultural mythology , is supposed to embody good and evil , black and white , pure and simple .
An adaptation of a well-loved Dutch young-adult novel by Jan Terlouw , Winter in Wartime embodies both a traditional style for WWII dramas and a more troubling contemporary strain .
View the Second World War through a child 's eyes and the result is n't hard to predict : a loss-of-innocence tale . Winter in Wartime is the boilerplate version , with the already dramatic facts of the era ramped up to melodramatic levels .
Perhaps best suited to young teens , who will get a peer 's view of life during wartime that will make them question what they would do , were they to face similar circumstances .
... a suspenseful coming of age story with fine performances and ambience showing how war can affect ordinary lives .
Koolhoven is able to strip away both visually and mentally our idealized cinematic notions of how the resistance fighters lived . It 's a lonely existence . It 's stark and it 's scary . And it makes for a compelling movie .
A child 's World War II where discovery counterbalances the terror .
The coming of age story would appeal to like aged audiences - except , it is in Dutch , German and English , with subtitles , which makes Winter in Wartime one for the art house crowd only .
The wartime subject matter may seem familiar at first , but Holland 's Oscar contender exerts a powerful grip .
Melodramatic and predictable , Winter in Wartime wants to be tough but settles for compellingly familiar .
The film is stirring and visually beautiful but not quite interesting enough , morally or formally , to be first-rate .
Making an involving -LRB- and beautiful looking -RRB- feature film about teens in this now-distant period for a wide audience today is quite a feat . . in an exciting morality tale .
An engrossing , well-directed war drama that will keep you at edge of your seat .
Well-made coming-of-age drama centers on a small-town boy caught up in World War II intrigue after he discovers a British resistance fighter in hiding .
A few of the performances are fine . But this is still a story we 've heard before . Only this time , as it 's being told , someone 's playing his favorite records far too loud .
`` Winter in Wartime '' may serve as a useful way to introduce teens to what World War II in Europe was like .
The movie immerses you in the consciousness of a restless boy desperate for initiation into the rest of his life .
Koolhoven elicits strong performances in the handsomely photographed feature but fails to sustain tension , creating a work that 's smooth and reassuring , never truly gripping .
Carefully written , sensitively directed and beautifully acted ...
Koolhoven 's philosophical probing of human limitation among the good guys is all but overwhelmed by his commercial instincts and undeniable skill at juggling realism with genre .
Winter in Wartime is nothing more or less than a skillfully directed , good-looking coming-of-age tale .
-LSB- VIDEO -RSB- `` Winter In Wartime '' is a gripping war film that captures the incredible dangers , betrayals , and personal dilemmas suffered by a family whose youngest son goes from boy to man during the last season of World War II .
A great novelty of this solid film is that it sees a Nazi occupation purely through the eyes of a thirteen-year-old .
Dutch helmer Martin Koolhoven finds the perfect blend of classical cinema and arthouse sensitivities .
There are no great surprises anywhere in Martin Koolhoven 's film , but it 's a pleasing piece of craftsmanship .
Young Lakemeier 's performance is poignant without ever falling into sentimentality .
The final plot twist acts as the catalyst for an edge-of-your-seat finale , one of several exciting set pieces .
It 's a little on the obvious side , not helped by an overweening musical score .
Nothing new here but there are some strong performances and authentic period detail .
Enjoyable , well acted and emotionally engaging wartime coming-of-age drama with striking photography and strong performances .
It 's all a little staid . Kids these days may demand a little more edge .

@highlight

A gripping , handsomely shot World War II melodrama with thriller elements successfully mixed in .