In many ways , The Game Plan is really just a big-budget , feature-film version of a Disney Channel Original Movie .
The Rock scores in cute -LRB- if predictable -RRB- comedy .
A barf-inducer . A hurl-promoter . A projectile-vomit-stimulator .
Somebody give Dwayne Johnson a decent role , please . Sure this is relatively inoffensive , but he 's a great screen presence and deserves better .
Despite its cheesy story , The Game Plan has one major trump card : The Rock is actually quite good .
Johnson 's amiable performance makes this watchable for the target audience ; namely sporty daddies and spoiled little girls primed to assimilate their lives into the Disney brand .
Even The Rock 's immense charisma can not save this predicatable fare .
Watchable comedy that manages to overcome its formulaic plot and cliche-laden script , largely thanks to Johnson being such a likeable comic actor .
Despite its almost painfully silly predictability , this film somehow manages to be engaging and rather enjoyable , thanks mainly to The Rock 's on-screen charisma .
... it ultimately seems unlikely that the movie will appeal to viewers outside of its target demographic -LRB- ie pre-pubescent tots -RRB- .
The Game Plan makes The Pacifier look like No Country for Old Men .
Formulaic , but watchable .
maudlin and manipulative
As a family friendly movie , The Game Plan works perfectly well .
I do n't know what planet the people who put this together live on , but the behavior depicted here has nothing to do with anything recognizable as human , let alone normal .
Not great , not bad .
The film improves , but the heavy handed first half drags its mood to the end , where predictability and corn mix into a concoction as unappetising as the health smoothie Joe Kingman creates for breakfast with his disgusted little daughter
Neither perceptive nor authentic , it lacks genuine humour and shows what an overwritten and under-funny script , put in the hands of immature actors , can produce .
All fairly harmless , but outside of the kid and family target audience , also fairly forgettable .
You ca n't not like The Rock .
The Rock once again proves himself the heir to Ahnuld as the action hero with an irresistible self-deprecating sense of humor .
After `` The Game Plan '' , Dwayne `` The Rock '' Johnson may need to readjust his goals .
Whether or not an unexpected shift to generic family-friendly territory boosts The Rock 's flagging film career , this is just one more in a long line of creatively bankrupt choices for the former wrestler .
Somebody should put Dwayne `` The Rock '' Johnson in a remake of `` The Miracle Worker , '' because when it comes to a working actor whose personality can override even the dreariest of cinematic drivel , he 's right near the top .
Please : No Game Plan 2 .
An amusing and timely distraction .
About as vile a film as I 've seen this year .
A game plan is exactly what the haphazard script ... lacks .
There 's a fine line between pandering and giving an audience what it wants . The Game Plan walks this line , just barely staying on the tasteful side .
Holds next to no surprises for anyone who 's ever seen a movie before .
From playboy to paternity , this is a heart-warming but totally predictable , formulaic comedy .
It 's what I like to call an amnesia movie . Six months from now , if someone asks me about The Game Plan , I 'll be hard-pressed to remember what it 's about or who 's in it .
... The Rock 's charm and romantic interest Roselyn Sanchez 's mischievous warmth make The Game Plan an easy sit .
This Disney fluff is n't going to score any touchdowns , but by following a lighthearted Game Plan , it should stack up points with the family set .
Johnson 's a good actor , but it would take the ghost of Laurence Olivier to convince us that a grown man could legitimately fall for this brat .
Should be dismissed entirely as cutesy , formulaic , sentimental drivel ... but can not be so easily written off without a second thought because Johnson is so charismatic in it .
As comedies go , The Game Plan is srictly by the playbook , but Johnson is game for anything , and he does a fine job of entertaining the child in all of us .
If you like this type of film - and I do , then you 'll like this , it 's definitely not something you run out and see , or spend full price on . But if it 's on HBO it 's worth checking out . I 'm recommending because I like The Rock and I 'm a sucker for fluff .
It 's One Man and a Baby .
Spawning a cute little tyke will improve your career , better your relationships , clear up acne , and get you invited to cool parties .
Generic to the point where it might be called Sport-Themed Disney Girly Movie All Rights Reserved .
As polished and innocuous as a spin around the park on Dumbo .
There are worse ways to spend two hours with your children , and The Game Plan , in trying to please everybody , fairly much succeeds .
The makers of this family film dumb down some material so much that it fails to tickle funny bones of any age .
This is not a movie designed to surprise , but as comfort food , it goes down pleasantly enough until the final credits roll .
Every inch of The Game Plan is formulaic .
-LSB- Pettis -RSB- overplays cute to the point where you wish the Rock would practice one of his wrestling moves on her and ship her off to Kid Nation .
Apart from a heart-tugging plot twist , some lesson learning and more random football talk , that 's about it . Oh , except for the scene in which Kyra Sedgwick farts . Be sure to update your resume , Kyra .
Director Andy Fickman seem to have thrown everything into this artificial comedy , in the hopes that something might stick . Almost nothing does .
A comedy so formulaic and uninspired that you 'd swear you 've seen the movie before .
Johnson , as he 's proven before , has all the stuff movie stars do . Well , except a decent script .
I was hooked . While the critic -LRB- sounds like cynic -RRB- nitpicked the movie 's predictable storytelling and comic set-ups , the mother in me sniffled with emotion as the Big Bad Quarterback turned into a sloppy puddle of a man .
This innocuous family fare will probably appeal to wee ones who have n't been fed enough of this formula . But I wanted to spit up a little .
A Disney comedy that tries to overcompensate with cute what it lacks in clever .
Yes , this is a road we 've traveled down before , but at least this time , it 's paved with a lot of charm and heart .
Almost every note in this insipid comedy is strident or false .
There 's a fine line -- just two letters , in fact -- between precocious and precious . Unfortunately The Game Plan not only crosses it but runs 80 yards down the field , and one ca n't help but throw a flag on the play .
-LSB- Johnson 's -RSB- quick smile and willingness to play along make him by far the most likable of modern movie muscleheads . He 's thus one of the reasons to see The Game Plan .
-LSB- Actress -RSB- Pettis is adorable , but she 's compelled to push the cuteness dial well past one 's tolerance level .
A family comedy heavy on syrup and low on laughs .
The movie is so likable that it glides over its many plot holes . The filmâ -LRB- TM -RRB- s direction , by Andy Fickman , is raucous but never crass , and the affable Mr. Johnson is committed to every moment .
A movie for younger children , especially girls , The Game Plan goes into overtime , surely taxing kids ' attention . But parents looking for children 's entertainment at the movies do n't have all that much from which to choose .
To paraphrase David Spade , I liked this movie the first time I saw it -- when it was called Kindergarten Cop .
... `` stupid '' is a mean word . So I 'm not going to use it to describe this smug , cynical , hackneyed pretext for product placement ...
a big screen version of something made for the Disney Channel - only with The Rock instead of Zac Efron
Although ` The Game Plan ' disappointed me , I would n't be surprised if teeny-bopper girls -- and fans of `` The Rock '' -- get a kick out of it .
A remixed version of Elvis 's `` Rubberneckin ' '' is an apt credit sequence number , since the movie is itself a similarly trivial , jazzed-up version of a standard .
Pure Disney formula stuff -LRB- think ` The Pacifier ' and ` Three Men And A Baby ' -RRB- . But despite its predictability the movie turns out to be a comic touchdown for The Rock who scores lots of laughs in this winning family entertainment .
The kind of movie that Disney used to make a lot of back in the day : live-action , simple-minded , aimed at children , and kind of stupid .
I can smell what The Rock is cooking , and Gordon Ramsay is shutting down that kitchen !
I wish Dwayne Johnson well , and I respect Disney 's tenacity when it comes to their dreadful formulas , so I look forward to next year 's offering : 50 Cent in the Cub Scout comedy , Da Top Scout .
Some audiences will find it as sugary as a fruit-scented princess pony sticker book , but its intended viewers will be delighted .
Even though it 's too long , finally a Hollywood film extolling the value of a father in raising a child , with star turns by The Rock and 7-year-old Madison Pettis .
Everyone from you to the guy who brought the Rock his doughnuts in the morning knows where this is headed , and the script follows the route like a veteran wide receiver .
The Game Plan is as cute as a pail of kittens and about as orderly , but ... it works as a pretty solid example of how the skillful execution of some of the oldest plays in the book can still get the ball to the end zone .
The film wears its inspirational family values on its sleeve in such an overstated way that it 's clear that no one involved really believes them for a minute . It is so contrived and so careful not to offend that it has no real energy .
Overly familiar , and at nearly two hours overstays its welcome by a good 15 or 20 minutes .
A generic , predictable , family-friendly comedy that seems a better fit for the Disney Channel than for a theater near you .
Despite the fact that we 've seen it all before , it works .
The Game Plan follows familiar formulas and characters , both brightened by a bit of wit and good performances from the two leads .
Better than the ordeal it often threatens to become .
An example of middle-of-the-road insignificance .
Sappy and simplistic , The Game Plan belongs on the sidelines of stale cotton candy creativity .
Fickman and the three screenwriters drag this inevitability out for close to two hours , with a tiresome back-and-forth of conflicts and reconciliations .
Finally , for Dwayne `` The Rock '' Johnson , The Game Plan pays off .
This is your ordinary funny-to-treacly plot arc -- funny if you 're 10 or younger , treacly if you 're older .
Parents , load up on the No-Doz and get inoculated for multiple Bedazzler jokes .
If he 's being honest , any NFL player will tell you that it 's not at all uncommon to open the front door to meet an illegitimate child . Either that or a box of human growth hormone .
I 've been got and I 've been had . And I admit that with all due shame and humiliation . I 'll never forgive myself for this .
It 's certainly a goodhearted story , and the movie does offer a little plot twist that deviates from the usual formula . After that , though , The Game Plan quickly reverts to the established playbook for safe , sappy family fare .
Having tamed one muscled man-child -LRB- Vin Diesel in The Pacifier -RRB- , Disney sets its sights on The Rock .
Mediocre but good-hearted , you can see `` The Game Plan '' coming for a long way off .
So sickeningly adorable and sweet that you 'll be barfing sugarcubes long before the halfway point . The fact that they can stretch this idea into a movie longer than 90 minutes boggles the mind .
There is less of a story here than a series of gag situations ...
Johnson strikes a winning balance of swagger , exasperation and sensitivity as Joe Kingman , superstar quarterback .
It 's the same old story , but Dwayne Johnson oozes charisma .






@highlight

Despite The Rock 's abundant charisma , The Game Plan is just another run-of-the-mill Disney comedy .