As likeable as the movie was , I just did n't find it as funny as I thought I would .
The strength of Eagle vs Shark lies in its unconventional story with unconventional leads .
As stylistically and thematically quirky as one might 've anticipated ...
Off-planet strangeness with a captivation factor .
Romantic comedy about two lonely people who find each other while orbiting on the outer fringes of society reminded me of ` Napoleon Dynamite . '
... mostly tedious and depressing , its eighty-eight minutes going by in about eight hours .
a fun little quirky movie but to similar to another curtain quirky movie . .
A hit and miss little film with a forced sense of eccentricity that falls flat , but is otherwise saved by hilarious one-liners ...
A paean film to lonely misfits that follows along the same tracks as `` Napoleon Dynamite , '' and relies entirely on being a charmer .
Geek-love rom-com from New Zealand has bite .
A romantic comedy where one of the participants treats the other like crap .
Coarse .
The genius of this film is the way it keeps us laughing at the eccentricities while also challenging us to find a positive way to move forward with our lives .
If you 're going to make fun of awkward chavs , even with the best will in the world , you have to avoid simply laughing at them .
From the seemingly helpless geriatric who gets up to push his own wheelchair to the genial brother who constantly mimics movie stars , however , Taika Cohen 's film seems nothing so much as Little Britain Down Under .
The film wants to be your cuddly , quirky friend , and makes you feel bad for not returning the affection .
Lead couple Lily -LRB- Loren Horsley -RRB- and Jarrod -LRB- Jemaine Clement -RRB- are such unoriginal , checklist misfits that there 's little about them to celebrate or even stomach .
Eagle vs Shark lays on the whimsy with a trowel , almost smothering the real talent of an endearing cast . Provincial New Zealand .
You do n't have to be a schoolyard bully to find yourself longing to administer swift , vicious wedgies to the nerdish inhabitants of this kitsch Kiwi excursion .
Eagle vs Shark is a quirky New Zealand comedy which unravels with rather less off-beat joie de vivre than Napoleon Dynamite did .
A shameless rip-off of indie hit Napoleon Dynamite , this New Zealand comedy may contain the odd laugh , but it does n't come with many original ideas .
Slight yet undeniably touching , this loser comedy has some brittle wit and an odd charm . Deserves a wider audience than it 's destined to find .
Contrived ? Yes . Second-hand ideas ? A few . But this funny ha-ha , funny peculiar indie is lifted by a stand-out female lead - and writer-director Cohen could be the southern hemisphere 's Jared Hess .
New Zealand 's answer to Napoleon Dynamite .
So quirky that it 's almost in danger of collapsing under the weight of its own antic whimsy at times , but a comic delight destined for cult adoration .
This is a sweet-natured , extremely funny romcom that marks Waititi out as a talent to watch . Highly recommended .
Self-consciously quirky but hard to dislike , with laugh-out-loud moments and a refreshingly unappealing hero .
Eagle Versus Shark redeems itself with a generous spirit and a good heart .
Daft , sweet , awkward and amusingly rude .
The movie 's idea of funny is giving the two lovers identical moles bordering their upper lips .
A revelation in the history of nerds on film , Eagle vs. Shark is a sincere work that treats nerds as human beings , rather than punching bags .
Tries a little too hard to duplicate the look and feel of -LSB- Napoleon Dynamite -RSB- .
The self-conscious quirkiness is funny if a bit overplayed , but gives way in the movie 's second half to a tender love story about acceptance and family forgiveness .
Though the result is desperately trendy , it 's also seriously short on innovation , coasting mostly on the fumes of previous , and better , indie-fare .
Underneath the quirk there 's a real heart .
Napoleon without the creative dynamite
Eagle vs Shark is self-consciously odd and only wants to hold up its protagonists as objects of derision .
Eagle vs. Shark is more interested in whimsy than wit , and when it comes to milking its characters for a little goofball charm , we are stuck with mostly peculiarities vs. personalities
Eagle vs. Shark feels like a low-budget , foreign cousin to Napolean Dynamite , less polished and sly . But it 's definitely in the same family , lulling us into friendly acceptance with its persuasively silly rhythm and deceptively big heart .
Yes , the nerdy loser thing has been done to death , but writer-director Taika Cohen brings surprising depth to this film ... Napoleon Dynamite dreams of being this movie .
So the only real argument I can make for Eagle vs. Shark , a stupid-absurdist comedy from New Zealand , is that I laughed a lot , often despite myself , and that while I might not be able to wholly justify it , I can mount a questionable defense .
Eagle vs. Shark is exactly how it sounds -- weird yet harmless , easy to get into , sugary all the way through .
I think this film was already made , and it was called Napoleon Dynamite .
It 's like watching the loser in a third-grade funny-face contest persist in trying to make you laugh for more than an hour .
Eagle vs. Shark might have seemed amusingly original , albeit in a self-consciously quirky , indie-movie kind of way , if Napoleon Dynamite did n't already exist .
Ideal entertainment for anyone who found the stark realism of Napoleon Dynamite too painful to deal with .
Eagle vs. Shark is something of an anti-romantic comedy because its leads are so ill-suited to the conventions of the genre .
Long story short : Although I did n't care for Eagle vs. Shark , I 'd be eager to see whatever -LSB- director -RSB- Cohen makes next .
The movie is so self-consciously odd and twee it 's hard to connect with the sad-sack characters . Waititi borrowed the formula for Dynamite but created a damp firecracker .
It 's a lovely character study , full of whimsy and the same kind of oddball jerktitude of Napoleon Dynamite , but less abrasive . Sweet , joyless , whimsical , and fantastically acted .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Waititi 's obviously a talent , but here he seems to be trying too hard to not try too hard ; he 's undermining the cleverness of the writing with the thudding hulk of its delivery .
... a perfect example of manufactured tweeness , a film desperate to be quirky and offbeat but which just does n't get it ...
As pure character study , it 's a keeper .
Sorely lacks is a genuine sense of humanity .
If you just ca n't get enough of watching a waif being mistreated for comic effect , by all means go see Eagle vs. Shark .
A disturbing film trying to diguise itself as a quirky romantic comedy . There are indeed some laugh-out-loud moments ; unfortunately most of the laughs are aimed at -- not with -- the misfits .
Floats by on a mood of concerned and puckish good will .
... will either leave you beaming or give you hives . I itched a bit at first , but the movie eventually won me over .
It becomes apparent early on that excessive teenage eccentricity and terminal self-delusion is n't quite as cute in the adult male and absent father .
The tone and tenor of Waititi 's effort are quieter , gentler -LSB- than Napoleon Dynamite -RSB- . This is low-key stuff , but strangely , goofily endearing .
You believe in it , because you believe in the small but decent lives of its characters , a rare experience for a hot weekend in June .
Neither human nor beast will find this amusing .
Even if it 's not quite `` Dynamite , '' Eagle vs Shark is still pretty good .
This truly inventive and wacky tale of love among the nerds is a rare original and a real find .
What was fresh a few years ago has naturally gone stale , and the film 's excessive Napoleon Dynamite aping is almost as awkward as its maladjusted characters .
The actors ' subtle , deadpan performances keep pure caricature at bay -- and also produce as much excruciating discomfort as laughter .
One of those movies that invite you to laugh at its misfit characters and empathize with them at the same time .
With an often very funny story line that eventually touches on parental disappointment and suicide , it 's clear that , his debt to Hess and Wes Anderson notwithstanding , Waititi has learned a thing or two from fellow antipodean Jane Campion as well .
It becomes increasingly difficult to care one way or another about characters who act like they have undergone frontal lobotomies .
A pleasing New Zealand gloss on Napoleon Dynamite , full of geek posturing , sweet weirdness and disarmingly modest goals .
A movie that , in its static presentation and gangly , geek characters , bears such a resemblance to Jared Hess ' -LSB- Napoleon Dynamite -RSB- that -- gosh ! -- you 'd think that Hess might need to have his attorneys go after a royalty check or two .
Unlike Napoleon Dynamite , this gentler , more art-house flick does n't totally mock its emotionally stunted characters but treats them with greater sympathy and understanding .
A lovely romantic comedy -LSB- of -RSB- a poignant humor that will have you in stitches , even when you think perhaps you should n't be .
Scornful laughs are cheap laughs , and although -LSB- director -RSB- Waititi allows a few moments of gentle sweetness , he takes the easy way out too often .
Has eccentricity in spades , and a winning performance in lead actress Loren Horsley , yet does n't quite add up to the sum of its parts .
Even if he 's buried under a mound of bad timing , Cohen has a vision for Shark that he maintains with visual eloquence and a wonderful sense of humor all his own .
Then there is Horsley . Waititi 's partner and the inspiration for the picture , she is a true marvel . I adored the actress in this , her Lilly a total original I could n't wait to see more of .
The film 's absurdist dialogue is consistently funny .
Eagle vs. Shark is the kind of movie Hollywood should make but rarely does .
Does n't register more than halfway up the comedy meter .
Eagle vs Shark has its own distinctive style , partly thanks to whimsical little interludes of animation , but mainly because it ties blithe absurdity to a rock bed of emotional truth .
What rescues Eagle vs. Shark is its focus on Lily . Although Horsley overdoes the winsomeness , she is genuinely appealing . Love erases Lily 's geekiness and in its place stands an attractive young woman .
Wants to be charmingly off-kilter but comes across as insufferably grating .
It sure feels like -LSB- director -RSB- Waititi got a look at Napoleon Dynamite a few dozen times on video and decided , heck , I can do that , and with cuter accents too .
Cringe-inducing comedy by New Zealander Taika Waititi more or less exemplifies the divide currently dictating taste in movie comedy , a schism reducible to a single question : Do you want to laugh with people , or at them ?
This strangely endearing oddball take on the indie rom-com highlights some great local talent from New Zealand .
It 's a tale that reduces angst , not to mention love , to a generational tic .
Maybe Judd Apatow 's comedies also flatter the maturity-impaired by making their 10th-grade hang-ups lovable , but Apatow does n't leave you thinking less of the women who abide them .
Reeks of the Sundance workshop where it was conceived .
A wacky and endearing love story set in New Zealand that brings to mind the oddball charm of Napoleon Dynamite .
Eagle vs. Shark is nothing more and nothing less than a romantic , New Zealand variant of Napoleon Dynamite .
As its title unintentionally implies , the movie is at war with itself , unsure whether to mock or to sympathize with its socially maladjusted charcaters , resulting in a schizoid picture that 's equally touching and frustrating .
The only way this movie might work would be as a sad portrait of mental illness .
If Napoleon Dynamite were a little older , had a libido and lived in New Zealand , he 'd be Jarrod
Jarrod , Lily and the rest , while odder than just about anyone you know , are recognizably human , with motivations and histories that dig deeper than most comedies are willing to go .
Meet Lily and Jarrod , the latest pair of awkward , fumbling outcasts to be struck by Cupid 's off-kilter arrow .
I do n't care how you do it , you have to see Eagle vs. Shark . At worst , you 'll walk away amused . At best , you 'll have a new favorite movie . Regardless , you will have a fun time .
Loren Horsley is so brilliant , that the rest of the film need only line up behind her .
-LSB- Actors -RSB- Horsley and Clement are delightful , and the film provides enough laughs .
In this sub-genre of Gen Y comedies , quirky has somehow come to mean dumb . Perhaps teens , especially guys , enjoy seeing people on screen who are not as smart as they are . It 's the real revenge of the nerds .
Jarrod and Horsley , odd as they are as screen subjects , undeniably make an indelible impression , but result is still innocuously mild and inconsequential .
The humor is fast-paced and character-based , and the two leads are nothing short of hilarious .






@highlight

Though there are frequent moments of wit and mordant humor , Eagle vs Shark needs more to distinguish itself from other precious , Napoleon Dynamite - ish comedies .