What makes Equity particularly interesting - and probably broadens its appeal - is the fact that it 's less a women 's movie than a movie whose main characters happen to be women .
Like `` The Big Short , '' an investigation into Wall Street corruption .
Equity is a film by women , about women -- lesbian and straight -- and starring women . Take note .
With Equity , director Meera Menon asserts that our conception of ambitious women is too limited . We 're not all leaning in for the same reasons .
The performances are good ; the story is smart - though admittedly a bit convoluted for those of us who struggle with Wall Street jargon .
Depictions like in Equity , refusing to conform to stereotypes or caricatures , are the depictions we need in today 's society .
Equity is a bizarre movie that manages the near-impossible feat of making a financial drama from an entirely female point of view without being in the slightest bit feminist .
Unlike The Big Short , it 's not so much the system that 's busted here but the people , women and men . The ending is perfect , and all too true .
It 's hard to think of a movie that passes the Bechdel Test with more flying colours than this smart and entertaining corporate thriller about female investment bankers on Wall Street .
Meera Menon 's coolly framed compositions reveal how the `` pure American desire '' of corporate success is weighted against them .
... a mostly successful skewing of stereotypes ...
She earns our pity to a degree , but it 's the pity we might have for a lioness who brings down a gazelle only to have it stolen by hyenas .
One of the film 's great strengths is nailing wider issues with a particular snapshot .
Glimpses of ethical disarray on Wall Street through the experiences of three women .
-LSB- A -RSB- turgid , TV movie-standard financial thriller .
... a smart and stylish corporate thriller driven by a really terrific performance by Anna Gunn
It 's tempting to praise `` Equity '' simply because it was made by women . But this is a strong , resonant film on its own terms - and I hope it makes all these women a pile of money .
It 's no life-changer , but still offers decent entertainment .
It 's shot through with the same sordid desperation as the best movies of its type , and that quality looks different when it 's seen through a woman 's eyes . That makes Equity a valuable thing to have .
Could give Kansas in August a run for corniness .
We 've never seen this before , multiple female characters open about ambition , power , and money . But representation alone does not make for a gripping tale .
It 's a shame that the film seems so focused on being ` important ' and ` groundbreaking ' that it forgets that its primary concern should be telling a cracking story .
If The Big Short took the route of slapstick comedy to illuminate a corrupt process , Equity plays it ice-cold .
Naomi , Erin , and Samantha live in a world that 's more Game of Thrones than Sex in the City .
A much better film than the trailers indicate , `` Equity '' is still a bit of a slow burn .
A shrewd tale about women on Wall Street and the glass ceiling , corruption and back-stabbings they face from their male co-workers and one another .
This is one of the only times a movie has concerned Wall Street and I understood it .
Briskly directed by Meera Menon and smartly written by Amy Fox , Sarah Megan Thomas and Alysia Reiner , the movie is slick , well-crafted and fascinating in a watch-all-the-sharks-eat-each-other way .
Writer Amy Fox manages to find a nice balance between the financial and personal stories .
The financial thriller Equity is a polished nail-biter about double-dealing on Wall Street .
What 's so fun and inspiring about Equity is watching all of these women really sink their teeth into their roles and this concept .
The film is a suspenseful , smart and sharp depiction of women trying to succeed on their talents in a world that mostly fails to appreciate what they have to offer .
Equity was nominated for the Grand Jury Prize at Sundance , and it is gratifying to see a movie in which the women 's roles are more developed than the men 's .
`` Equity '' is that rare thing : a Wall Street-set movie that focuses on women . -LRB- It 's also directed and written by women , also still rare . -RRB-
Engrossing but slow Wall Street drama built on a canny , close-to-the-vest performance by Anna Gunn .
The movie is visually flat , but the characters are groomed like leads on a CSI spinoff . Plot threads are left hanging while odd padding includes scenes that add nothing to the narrative .
There 's something square and flat about the frames , keeping everyone inside the invisible grid , locked down to the same set of reduced human values . It 's an ugly world , and Menon captures it on an emotional and visual level .
Narratively , some of the film 's plotting is too predictable , yet the honesty of the situation rings true . Equity leaves telltale smudges on the glass ceiling as it peels back the transparency .
An expertly crafted financial thriller .
While the more dramatic elements of the narrative are n't 100 per cent perfect in their thriller logic , Equity makes up for it with a multitude of intense , powerful moments in which , to steal a line from Beyoncé , girls run the world .
There is tension galore throughout and the machinations of Wall Street are laid out well and clearly .
All of the men in the movie are fairly one-dimensional . Which you could say is a bit of payback , since this is a movie about and by women .
The hands-off atmosphere is compounded by an ongoing emphasis on elements that could n't possibly be less interesting ...
Director Meera Menon 's Equity unfolds like a ghoulishly fascinating horror story , one that asks you to guess who will survive in this shark tank .
It 's -LSB- an -RSB- admirable move , but not a successful one .
A razor sharp financial thriller about people who are themselves razor sharp .
The film is humanist rather than overtly feminist , since it shows the high personal cost of trading conscience for filthy lucre . But it 's certainly novel to have a financial drama led by women .
It 's an exciting , smartly sexy , suspenseful little crime drama that evokes classic Hollywood film noir .
`` Equity '' declines to sketch easy heroes and villains . Menon prefers a more realistic edge , and winds up with a more nuanced , relatable experience than most of her male counterparts would muster .
`` Equity '' feels ham-handed and obvious , like a contrived attempt to make polemical points by couching them within schematic characters and plot points .
These ladies have depth and are as devious and ambitious as any man , and certainly they are the main reason why this is a film worth investing your time in .
It 's a quieter , more nuanced peek behind the curtain of high finance .
Much as the group might want this to be their spin on , say , the accessible juiciness of `` Margin Call , '' they 're unfortunately not that dramatically dexterous .
Director Meera Menon 's corporate thriller is utterly compelling and numbingly schematic .
Is n't as sharp and biting as it might have been , but at least it touches , however imperfectly , on some very real and pressing contemporary issues about gender and a financial system that remains prone to manipulation despite the supposed lessons of 2008 .
It does n't go for flashy drama , and the ending is more whimper than bang . But there 's the sense here of something authentic , and unless you 're already in the business , you 'll probably learn something .
a slippery financial thriller featuring a tough as nails performance from Gunn .
Perceptively scrappy , but the corporate intrigue lacks a satisfying payoff ...
Equity is an intelligent film for smart people , or at least those who are n't afraid of some finance wonk talk and terms like `` end-to-end encryption . ''
While watching -LSB- Gunn -RSB- I thought once or twice that hers was a one-note performance . But by movie 's end , I realized it was a symphony of invincibility and vulnerability .
At it 's best , it 's a valuable , long overdue feminist entry into a genre long dominated by overbearing machismo that falls flat under the weight of its own importance .
Slow but effective , Equity thrives because of its all female cast but is n't defined by them , providing a frank , detailed but still imperfect look at modern Wall Street .
Despite some frustrating contrivances , the film subtly explores gender politics while sharply observing corporate dynamics .
`` Dudes only '' - that might as well be the motto when it comes to big-screen finance dramas . But in this explosive corporate thriller , a dynamite Anna Gunn fights back . I 'm with her .
Equity has injected women protagonists into a genre traditionally dominated by men , charging the Wall Street thriller with a buzz of female energy .
What makes this such a vital feminist film , even when its other qualities are often few and far between , is how defiantly it internalizes the idea that strong female characters have nothing to do with decency , and everything to do with depth .
Considering the film 's stridently female bent , it 's laudable that by the end of Equity , you 're no longer thinking of it as a women 's picture .
The film packs in so much material that it 's bound to have dead ends and weak spots , but its confidence in its provocations is compelling .
... advertised as ' ... produced and financed by women , collaborating with women of Wall Street , who chose to invest in this film because they wanted to see this story told , ' given the quality of the result , I wo n't be investing in any of their IPOs .
Fine acting elevates female-driven drama about finance .
Good intentions do count even if the outcome is not perfect . Here is hoping that future productions from Broad Street Pictures prove more satisfying and offer bigger payoffs .
Remarkably efficient , free of fat , as tough and steely as its hero herself .
As a study of endurance and self-preservation in the face of persistent double standards , the movie clicks .
`` Equity '' invites us to slot its characters into stereotypical frames and then breaks the glass .
Equity 's first half spends so much time establishing its hierarchy of needs that it dulls the edge of its cutthroat setting .
If no one 's listening , you must build a platform and shout , and the women behind Equity have done just that .
Ultimately , I found the story surrounding `` Equity '' - that it is a movie about women on Wall Street , financed largely by actual women on Wall Street - more interesting than the movie itself , but it does contain its share of memorable moments .
You do n't need to be a woman working in finance to get a shivery thrill-and possibly a few chills-from watching Equity , a modestly scaled but perceptive drama about an investment banker who just happens to be a woman .
Equity may not be the fanciest or flashiest of financial thrillers-more like off-brand David Fincher or Steven Soderbergh-but it gets the job done .
The commentary about inequality in `` Equity '' emerges as an undertone , as it 's mostly peppered into a lukewarm story focusing on one very privileged white woman 's struggle to try and have it all .
I 'm told that Equity is pretty realistic , nailing little details that bigger finance movies lack . I can say that the movie feels more lived than constructed .
The film ultimately succeeds in offering a fresh female-centered perspective on its genre material .
Menon 's direction is merely efficient , but the script , by Amy Fox ... gives the women 's personal lives equal weight , as they struggle to balance family and work and face male clients whose interests are n't all business .
Equity has a fantastic idea for a film , and puts the exact right actress at the center of it . It 's a shame that it soon devolves into a totally pedestrian financial crisis thriller . -LRB- Splice Today -RRB-
The sleekness of the production , the skill of the performers , and the sociological interest are all but toppled by its middling screenplay .
Equity could have been worth so much than what it turns out to be . Unfortunately , the film utterly wastes its premise along with a commanding central performance from Gunn .
It 's appreciated how banker males here were numbskulls and showoffs , while women played the same game by being sophisticated and smart-talking .
I do n't know squat about IPOs -LRB- if I did , I 'd be on my yacht -RRB- but I do know a juicy morality play when I see it , and Equity takes us inside modern Wall Street in a unique and gripping manner .
Meera Menon 's soph feature puts a welcome feminine spin on the financial-crisis drama .

@highlight

Equity brings a welcome change of perspective to the financial thriller genre , along with a nuanced story and a terrific cast led by a powerful effort from Anna Gunn .