Shame wears its emptiness like a badge of honor ; McQueen is trying for banal blankness , and though he succeeds in that respect , you kind of wish that a filmmaker would aspire to do more than just say nothing .
Not since Eyes Wide Shut has any movie been so audacious to take the clothes off its characters for an interest outside of mere sexual curiosity .
The real shame in all this is the misuse of Fassbender , who acts his stillborn role with fierce intensity and a flagellant 's dedication .
All the good and great bits of Shame are down to Fassbender . Take him away and the movie does n't actually have a lot going on .
Cleverly written and beautifully portrayed , Shame is a sensitive look at sex and addiction we 've rarely seen before in film .
Unfortunately , with all the deep pluses Shame serves up , its clumsy minuses are too glaring and unpardonable .
... the final questions lingers , what exactly is the point ? Are we meant to pity poor driven Brandon , always at the mercy of his own appetite , or celebrate his rejection/revoking of desire .
The ambiguity of the man perched on a physical , emotional , and spiritual cliff is what makes McQueen 's film an excruciating yet captivating film .
Michael Fassbender is everywhere right now for a reason : his performance is fantastic .
By the time Brandon 's quite literally cruising for a bruising , the film has no credibility left whatsoever .
The ferocity of the performances and McQueen 's formal relentlessness left me pulverized .
A solid character study that is difficult to enjoy but hard not to appreciate .
The New York City of `` Shame '' is a place so cold , so distanced , so removed from flesh-and-blood humanity , that it 's the only place a man like Brandon can truly be alone .
The film 's numb attitude assumes that Brandon 's problem is beyond reach or rescue . So why are we watching , except for high-tone misery and something close to pornography ?
Many may hail Shame as a voyeuristic masterpiece when in fact it 's an empty provocation verging on the ludicrous .
Shame has the problems that accompany most films in which the director sticks his neck out . It 's not incoherent , but will seem underdeveloped for viewers who want plots and characters spelled out for them .
It 's another great performance from the star who appears now to have mastered the fed-up stare .
A provocative and uncompromising study of a man haunted by sexual addiction .
Rarely has a movie been so sexual without being remotely sexy . Rarely has a guy who might be admired in a sex comedy as a `` playa '' seemed more pathetic with each fresh conquest .
Steve McQueen delivers an experience that simultaneously offers beautiful filmmaking and a welcome punch to the gut .
Shame is a snapshot of a tumultuous life , shot without judgement and censure - the fascinating story of a man who seemingly has everything and nothing both at once .
Shame is an elegant , art-tinged character study that that will hover in your psyche for a long time after you see it .
As Chuck D put it back in ' 88 , do n't believe the hype .
Shame will probably be judged , after McQueen 's long career is put into perspective many years hence , a relatively minor work by a gifted filmmaker .
an in-your-face drama that offers an unflinching , realistic view of addiction
Una profunda exploración de conductas humanas complejas , captadas de manera inquieta y reveladora por el director Steve McQueen . Excelentes labores de Michael Fassbender y Carey Mulligan .
As an evocation of cheerless ennui , Shame is unmatched . It 's a chilly depiction of a sad , wounded monster who might plausibly walk among us . What a real-life Patrick Bateman might look like .
Fassbender delivers a huge ... sorry engorged ... no that 's not it um ... SWOLLEN ... . No LARGE ... no utterly incredible , nuanced and compelling performance .
It 's good , but `` Shame '' can start to feel like you 've walked in on a chronic masturbator one too many times .
Not a film for everyone and it 's not the best pick for Grandma 's Sunday afternoon out . It 's a challenging film but worth seeing for the combo of Fassbender and McQueen .
Estudo de personagem complexo e triste que tem como centro um homem para o qual o orgasmo se converteu apenas numa dose de sua droga favorita .
Shame 's biggest failure is that it does n't dig deep enough .
It is hard not to use an excess of superlatives for Shame , and it is impossible to avoid the chestnut `` it wo n't be for everybody '' . It 's dark , even brutal , and it makes you examine parts of your own psyche that you might not love to dwell on .
Simple but not simplistic , McQueen explores what happens when a man 's sexual addiction distracts him enough to delay responding to a cry for help from his sister
Shame explores depravation of another kind . Sexual perversion is the obsession of the protagonist , who can only find pleasure from the debauched
full review at Movies for the Masses
Shame smears the lines between daring and taunting , and art versus indulgence . When it ends there 's the urge to take a shower , and not a cold one .
McQueen again proves that he is not averse to breaking taboos while exploring the uncomfortable and unthinkable . Nor is he afraid of stirring up a little fear and loathing in the process .
It may be hard to sympathise with a man as well endowed and frequently bed-bound as Brandon , but Shame 's success rests on its ability to rise above controversial talking points and be a thoughtful character drama about the lengths people go to dull pain .
Despite the themes of detachment Shame is somehow also a beautiful film with just enough warm light glowing around the screen 's edges to keep the audience entranced .
McQueen 's film is breathtaking in its execution . Fassbender delivers his finest performance yet . Why he has n't received the expected Oscar rubs remains a mystery .
The story is fascinating in itself but it 's Steve McQueen 's careful direction that gives it a seductive , hypnotic edge .
Searing performances breathe life into this NC-17-rated portrait of a sex addict .
Proves the old John Waters adage that the establishment thinks it is O.K. to have graphic sex scenes in movies , as long as the participants do n't seem to be enjoying it .
McQueen accomplishes no small feat by keeping our attention as we wait to wake up from Brandon 's nightmare .
It is an exercise in controlled primeval cinematic chaos , the filmmaker going places and showcasing facets of the human conditions many would run screaming in the opposite direction to get away from .
Michael Fassbender gives a harrowing and haunting performance , a revealing portrait both physically and at its emotional core .
The genitals are exposed while the motivations are mysterious in ` Shame , ' an elegantly composed but overwrought film about a man who wants to f -LRB- ornicate -RRB- away the pain .
Fassbender was compelling as Rochester in Jane Eyre , as Carl Jung in A Dangerous Method and especially as Magneto in X-Men : First Class , but it was his role in Shame that allowed him to most fully expose himself , in more ways than one .
An exercise in sadness so deep and aching that it 's like plunging ever downward into a midnight-black lake and never touching the bottom .
The film is a raw , unsparing look at the downside of humanity .
-LSB- A -RSB- bracing and unsettling film about sex addiction in New York that features a powerful central performance from Michael Fassbender .
What is shocking about Shame is the male vulnerability , the male weakness , the abject male misery we see onscreen . Movies simply do n't do this . Movies protect the male ego ...
Mulligan 's Sissy sings a slowed-down version of ` New York , New York ' that strips the song of brashness and bravado , turning it from an anthem of triumph into an admission of sadness and vulnerability .
The film is beautifully directed , stunningly shot and very well acted . ... But as an experience , it 's not one I 'd be wishing to repeat any time soon .
Shame is a disturbing film that penetrates our minds and gets beneath our skins as we try to understand its characters .
... an admittedly uneven yet often spellbinding piece of work .
It 's McQueen 's astonishing knack for layering thought itself into his images that really stuns , and Shame is packed with scenes which are both immaculately composed and seething with meaning .
This will leave you pondering it long after the credits have rolled .
A scene where -LSB- Fassbender 's -RSB- on the Tube checking out a woman , who just happens to be wearing a wedding ring , is chillingly clever .
No one will fail to find , in this strange , disturbing jewel , some reflecting facet of himself or herself .
Shame is powerfully acted and well directed , the Big Apple has never looked as harsh and unforgiving ...
With tremendous performances from Fassbender and Mulligan , and such superb technique from McQueen , this is a horrible inferno .
By turns raw , elegant and uncompromising . An assured companion piece to Hunger , if not a significant progression .
A giant yawn that proves once again that sex as a cinematic subject is one colossal turn-off .
It 's very bleak and depressing , especially all the explicit sex , which is n't in the least bit titillating . The real shame of the film is the waste of talent .
The cyclical , self-destructive nature of addiction is vividly realised by McQueen , who directs with a frank confidence throughout ...
The key is Fassbender , who is terrifyingly good .
It reconfirms McQueen as a filmmaker with an unflinching , microscopic gaze on the world .
Fassbender 's performance is at once comic and tragic , ferocious and sensitive , strange but remarkably common , the brutal buffoonery of the male face in orgasm .
Fassbender gives a near faultless performance again at the hands of McQueen 's directing ...
Brave , beautifully acted and emotionally revealing - an early strong contender for the most provocative and compelling film of the year .
Rather than a stern treatise on the dangers of sexual addiction , McQueen 's approach allows viewers to enter into the situation at their own pace and find their own emotional connection .
So much of it is ambiguous and vague , it 's almost as if McQueen did n't fully think it through .
Not for the faint-hearted , prudish or impatient , Shame is as complex and ambiguous as its characters .
The writing barely scratches the surface of what should have been a fascinating subject .
Few filmmakers have plumbed the soul-churning depths of sexual addiction as fearlessly as British director Steve McQueen has in Shame .
Steve McQueen has now moved into the rarefied realm of master craftsman with this magnificent portrait of a sex addict .
When Fassbender is paired with McQueen , the actor is at his most intense , physical and even a little frightening .
Explores the depths of one man 's sex addiction
Closing with a cleverly inverted sense of ambiguity , Shame is an effective film both performance-wise and from a technical standpoint .
A very glum , austere putative snapshot of modern emotional disconnection ; a vehicle that mistakes hermetic artfulness for insight .
Fassbender performs his role of the addict with a suave attitude that does n't make you hate the guy . At first you envy him -- by the end , you pity him .
Sex and incest . Michael Fassbinder electrifies . Unfairly an NC-17 movie .
Shame is something of a dirty date that leaves you wondering what went wrong .
Equally harrowing and heartrending , Shame is a film that feels akin to going into battle , and I for one did n't emerge unscathed .
A mood piece , as abstract and engrossing as the many Bach piano selections laid on the soundtrack .
Fassbender explores the most lurid and tortured aspects of Brandon 's life with a physical and emotional wholeheartedness that is frequently uncomfortable to witness .
It 's a thought-provoking movie that requires you to meet it halfway .
-LSB- Fassbender is -RSB- so good as a man completely lost to his baser impulses that it makes `` Shame '' worth sitting through . Enjoying ? That 's a relative term . But you 'll certainly appreciate it .
If we are to suffer through 101 minutes of Brandon 's wretched , unsatisfying existence , should n't we at least have some inkling of who the man is and what makes him tick ?
McQueen wants his audience to feel the erosion of soul and the fury of bodily mistreatment , grasping an elusive atmosphere of humiliation and determination that 's mesmerizing .
You do n't just watch Shame : You feel it , too .
One of the year 's best , thanks to a dynamite performance from Michael Fassbender and an aesthetic and storytelling approach that are boldly , refreshingly unconventional .
A serious character study and exploration of addiction .
Brings all new meaning to the words , `` If I can make it there , I 'll make it anywhere . ''
A viscerally compelling portrait of addiction , but in the end it seems more an intellectual and artistic exercise than a fully-rounded drama .
Shame is the study of our species ' need to find connection in spite of our more selfish and isolating primal vices .
-LSB- A -RSB- graphic and spontaneous portrait of a spiraling sex addict .
Ultimately `` Shame '' emerges as a sex tragedy , and a story without an end ; it stays with you , like the film 's frequent cold rain , hard to watch and harder to forget .
McQueen finds the exquisite tension between the brother wanting to disconnect and the sister longing for connection .
The role leaves Fassbender naked in front of the camera in ways literal and figurative .
There 's a misery in Fassbender that 's spellbinding . I rolled my eyes for most of `` Shame . '' But never at him .
If Brandon and Sissy are similarly traumatized , their disparate responses suggest not depth of suffering but eerie flatness .
Shame is Bertolucci for the Internet age , as Brandon aspires to achieve intimacy with just one person - himself - and fails .
Painfully boring .
... rough , sickening stuff - not in a morally offensive way , but in the way that it lays bare the rot that can fester in the human soul .
It 's a disturbing , exploitive , depressing dirge .
Shame received an NC-17 rating because of its racy imagery , but the real maturity on display in the film is the bare bones depiction of human behavior .
Shame is a noxious porridge of porn and pointlessness . It 's a penis in search of a plot . Its protagonist is a masturbating cipher .
Fueled by pure desperation , Fassbender makes Brandon 's self-loathing something concrete . It 's a powerfully brutal performance .
... will frustrate those who like their narrative spelled out but reward those who can stick with an ambiguous , artsy character study .
An engrossing and unsettling examination of what happens when addiction unbalances a life enough to make it all come crashing down .
A great sophomore effort to go along with one of the best debuts of the last ten years , and maybe the best work of Fassbender 's short but intense career .
A stark and stunning portrait of addiction and its resulting damage . Provocative , intelligent and emotionally wrenching , Shame is one of the best films of the year .
It presents us with moment after moment clearly meant to alarm and then gives the impression of looking down its nose at us for having the intended reaction .
... a glacial , flimsy , insubstantial , frivolous wink at a serious subject . As just one example , it ignores the effects of Fassbender 's actions on the women he uses .
Shame on writer/director Steve McQueen for his trumped-up , titillating , soft-porn tale about a very serious subject .
`` Shame '' is a rather compelling study of one man 's inability to form meaningful relationships with women .
Despite the impression you may have gotten strolling some of the Internet 's more giggly avenues , the most riveting part of Michael Fassbender 's anatomy in Shame is his face .
It was frantic sex that earned Shame an NC-17 rating , but this arty drama is mostly slow and methodical . And thoroughly unsexy .
Shame is a brilliant drama ; it may also be the most uncomfortable 100 minutes you spend in a movie theatre this year .
Yes , this is an affecting picture that leaves the viewer as wrung out as the protagonist . No doubt you 'll be seduced but , in the end , you may also feel abandoned .
On a par with `` Midnight Cowboy . ''
The performances are terrific across the board , as Fassbender , Mulligan and Beharie bare their souls for McQueen 's camera .
A handsome movie about a handsome guy with serious issues and a Platinum card . It 's kind of like American Psycho without the body count . -LRB- Or the sense of humor . -RRB-
` Shame ' deserves accolades for wonderful direction from Steve McQueen . He clearly made the film he wanted to make .
This is an undernourished drama likely to leave most viewers muttering a puzzled `` huh ? '' as they exit the theater .
The subject matter and NC-17 rating is going to limit the film 's viewers but those who are brave will see the work , behind and before the camera , of two courageous talents -- McQueen and Fassbender .
There 's no easy way to shake off Shame . It gets in your head .
We 're shown a lot and told very little , left to judge or not judge Brandon 's behavior .
Shame has a lolling pace and stunning visual clarity . Structurally , it 's close to perfect .
Fassbender lays himself bare in every way imaginable .
` Shame ' is not a film that you `` like , '' or recommend to friends looking for a good-time Friday night movie . But it is haunting and involving , and McQueen 's honesty is admirable .
It 's rife with sexual tension , yet does n't rush the dance , so to speak . McQueen and Fassbender share an intense collaboration marked by raw emotion and graphic sexuality .
Buoyed by a tour-de-force performance by Fassbender , `` Shame '' is an in-depth look at a man whose priorities and emotions are out of control .
What movies so often relegate to the margins of pornography or sophomoric titillation is radically redefined here , stripped of its erotic charge and depicted as a numbing erasure of life and emotion .
`` Shame '' is all about weakness and compulsion . It 's not about the joy of sex . It 's about the utter despair it ca n't conceal .
A grim and arty drama that more than earns its NC-17 rating .
What might turn off viewers is not the sexual content but Brandon 's lack of self-perception , and the terse script , playing hard to get , also keeps us at a distance . Shame shows a lot and very little .
Despite its performances and McQueen 's arresting rhythm , Shame is a one-note affair about misery .
Good , but maybe not the ideal choice for a first-date movie ...
`` Shame '' is uncompromising , no doubt , but the picture does n't add up to as much as the viewer hopes based on the clear talent involved .
This is a psychologically claustrophobic film that strips its characters bare literally and figuratively , leaving them , and us , nowhere to hide .
It 's a soulless , distancing portrait set against a bland elite Manhattan universe of sleek high-rises and glamorous bars .
This sleek-looking but curiously unfocused character study never quite gets down to the business of showing us who Brandon is , but boy , does Fassbender make him into a captivating enigma .
These characters are stripped bare in every sense , reflecting an extreme degree of inner confusion , vulnerability and fear . Betrayed and broken as children , they now have to define and rebuild themselves as adults .
... about as unblinkingly candid as any above-ground film now making the rounds ... Director McQueen is a talent to watch , nurture ; Mulligan makes off with this film and very possibly an Oscar nomination .
The sexual furies that roil the movie are poundingly , startlingly graphic for a mainstream release .
Much of the film is banal or pretentious , or both -- vacuous vignettes about emptiness . Occasionally , though , those vignettes burst into life and burn with consuming fire .
The wisdom of Shame is that it offers no easy exit for this prison of the mind .
sometimes the ridiculousness of Brandon 's obsession has a dark humor to it , especially when he 's cornered
This one simply recycles art-movie cliches about urban alienation and passionless sex .
Shame could have gone all wrong with the wrong actor . Luckily , McQueen has the right one in Fassbender , and that makes all the difference .
Brilliant , graphic drama represents much more than just Magneto naked . Fassbender delivers the year 's best male performance .
Dark and difficult , Shame is not really a redemptive film , but a heavy , reflective one .
Fassbender 's portrayal is truly haunting , and when he sobs , dramatically unraveling , it 's clear he 's imprisoned by his physical urges .
This riveting , knockout punch of a film about a sex addict works the intersection of art , tone poem and social critique .
A daring examination of isolation and addiction with the best performance of the year courtesy of Michael Fassbender and one that nearly matches it from the always-stellar Carey Mulligan .
In a movie era remarkable for its reluctance to dramatize erotic intimacy , Shame merits praise for the dark energy of its sexual encounters .
There is a good movie to be made about someone like Brandon , especially with someone like Fassbender , a performer of exceptional technical facility and a fascinating sense of reserve . McQueen 's is n't quite it .
How can visual pleasure communicate existential misery ? It is a real and interesting challenge , and if `` Shame '' falls short of meeting it , the seriousness of its effort is hard to deny .
Perhaps writer/director McQueen thinks by showing all this explicit stuff , he 's doing something daring when in reality he should have paid more attention to his script and his characters , which are tedious and ultimately come up empty .
This is a great act of filmmaking and acting . I do n't believe I would be able to see it twice .
Fassbender is so convincing in the role - especially in rare clothed moments when he comes to frantic realizations of his misery - that you genuinely ache for him . And for his flexible partners .
Simultaneously seductive and repulsive , qualities matched in -LSB- Michael -RSB- Fassbender 's spectacular performance .
An indispensable portrait of decay , of the way a life can be taken over by too much reliance on an emotional crutch .
It would seem the intent of Shame is to show us how far down one person can fall into sex addiction , but the real question will be : Does anyone really care ?
An intense portrait of a sexual addict in New York City whose life revolves around satisfying his libido and conquering women .
The director has delusions of grandeur and the story squishes when it walks .
The biggest surprise in Shame is how distanced , passionless , and merely skin-deep the director 's attention is - how little he cares about the subject of his own movie .
It 's the study of a man whose soul has been peeled away , like coring an apple . But I would n't call it sexy -- or entertaining . What does Brandon learn ? What do we learn ?
Lower your expectations.Scene for scene , effectively intense , with fierce performances , but McQueen sets up a narrative and never follows through.Why are these people damaged ?
Shame is a surprisingly universal story . It is not a film about sex addiction so much as it 's a film about disconnection and obsession and need and consumption and seduction and trust -- human issues for a human story .
Fassbender 's performance here is riveting , haunting . He immerses himself and makes you feel as if you 're truly watching a man hell-bent on exorcising his demons through compulsive self-destruction .
One thing 's for sure : McQueen has found his De Niro , and he better keep him close .
Was that an angel of hope riding to work on the Lexington Avenue local ? Does the Lord really live in this cold , ethereal New York City ? And is anyone even interested ?
Shame feels like the first real Fassbender vehicle in that it hinges entirely on him and his minute facial reactions and -LRB- especially -RRB- on the constant workout of his body walking and running through space .
One shot of a shattered Brandon standing in the rain without a clue of where to turn gets more done than any of McQueen 's flourishes , frankly . But you ca n't blame a onetime conceptual artist for trying ...
McQueen has taken an unflinching and non-judgmental view of sexual addiction in Shame . This is sex without emotion , nudity without titillation , and climaxes without satisfaction .
Shame is an important film . It shows how one man 's darkness is fuelled by the worst attributes of western culture , and how sex without a connection - whether it be spiritual or emotional - renders the act soulless .
An intense and uncompromising drama that examines the sex life of a 30-something loner bachelor sex addict .
A film that features one of the year 's most deeply felt performances and one of the most tortured characters in a long time .
Fassbender , who was , frankly , much sexier and more devilish in `` X-Men : First Class , '' is required to spend much of his time staring with blank intensity into the middle distance .
Fassbender 's graphic performance sheds light on sex addiction in this NC-17 film
-LRB- Fassbender gives a -RRB- fully-committed performance ... -LRB- but -RRB- `` Shame '' tends to wallow in its graphic sex scenes rather than provide any illumination or redemption .
Crossing the line into pornography never seemed so simultaneously safe and repressed .
It is so very well made that one can only wish there were a little more to it than the fleshy mechanics of trauma . It is a film to admire greatly , but not truly enjoy - much like Brandon 's attitude to the call girl .
Fassbender and Mulligan burn white hot in the central pairing , their emotional maelstrom magnetic even when no dialogue is used .
While Shame has style to spare , it is n't as well-written , entertaining , or as socially and sexually aware as it pretends to be .
This unflinching , thoughtful drama about sex addiction is made with such skill and honesty that it continually takes us aback . It also features two bold , raw performances that are among the best of this or any other year .
Deeply unsettling and blisteringly intense , Steve McQueen 's sophomore feature mines smart psychology and a magnificent , Oscar-worthy performance from Michael Fassbender for all they 're worth .
Shame is artistic film making in the best tradition ; a carefully crafted curiosity that gives a grateful audience the opportunity to get involved , rather than merely observe . Fassbender and Mulligan are mesmerising . What more do you want ?
Bold , ambiguous and unnerving .
Shame may not feel like it carries as much immediate weight or impact as Hunger but considering how much is left open for interpretation , it ends up being just as thought-provoking .
Shame articulates a shallow , even mundane , understanding of an uninteresting man 's sex addiction -- in a vibrant city rendered dull and anonymous .
Director Steve McQueen reteams with Hunger star Michael Fassbender for this beautifully shot , brilliantly acted and intelligently scripted drama that 's by turns explicit , thought-provoking and powerfully moving .
It 's a film that I ca n't get out of my head : it keeps arguing with my reactions to it .
With rigorous direction , deeply committed performance and an unflinching willingness to expose raw nerves , Shame is an arty experiment that cuts deep .
It 's a tribute to McQueen 's steady directorial hand that he 's able to evoke such exceptional performances .
A harrowing look at sexual addiction . McQueen follows in the footsteps of John Cassavetes with this blistering portrait . A must-see .
Incredibly potent , a disturbing and visceral film about the ways we cope with the things that drive us , and the ways we destroy ourselves for who we are . It is one of the year 's very best films , and a major artistic accomplishment .
Strong stuff on the sexual wild side from bold director Steve McQueen and the extraordinary Michael Fassbender .
A visual and sonic symphony , and a Dante-esque journey through a New York nightworld where words are mostly useless or worse .
What elevates the material is McQueen 's impressionistic approach to depicting Fassbender 's life of inescapable need .
When you 're managed to make being Michael Fassbender and bedding beautiful women nonstop seem like a waking nightmare , you 've accomplished something .
McQueen 's follow-up to his stunning 2008 debut , Hunger , reteams him with the brilliant Michael Fassbender -LRB- busiest actor right now -RRB- in a dramatically intense and challenging exploration of sexual addiction and social alienation .
This is fluid , rigorous , serious cinema ; the best kind of adult movie .
McQueen 's film-making is undoubtedly powerful and without compromise , especially during the frequent sex scenes , which depict a man on the edge intent on propelling himself over the cliff .

@highlight

Boasting stellar performances by Michael Fassbender and Carey Mulligan , Shame is a powerful plunge into the mania of addiction affliction .