Amateur camera work and conspicuous plotting reduce the film 's regional sensibilities to sleep-inducing pap .
A tip of the cap to Tip Harris and Lauren London for it is their chemistry and charm which allows one to believe in their tenderhearted romance in an atmosphere where women are regarded as objects and affectionately called ` bitches ' and ` hos . '
A well-meaning and good-hearted urban melodrama -- that does n't really seem to have anything new to say .
I liked ATL for its music and for its all-around good intentions and general amiability . But ... .
A contradictory approach ultimately muddles the film despite some heartfelt and evocative moments about youngsters growing up on the streets of Atlanta .
The film that proves that all life 's problems can be solved with a montage .
... a surprisingly strong coming-of-age movie with a great young cast . It pops with color and humor and pays attention to the details that situate it in a real location ...
Director Chris Robinson maintains a light touch , giving the colorful , energetic skating scenes the benefit of his music-video roots , but he does n't neglect character , drawing sincere performances from his young cast .
A light urban coming-of-age dramedy where the veneer may be darkly intriguing , but the finish is pure homily , of the sort where lessons are learned and dreams do come true .
having solidly entertained for most of its running time , goes out in a blaze of cliche
As clich?mount , realism and make-believe jostle against one another more discordantly .
ATL is a likable film with an affirmative and hopeful message about the fate of its main players .
One can not ignore or discount that Robinson is not only trying to tell a conventional tale unconventionally , but he is also attempting to put Atlanta on the map of cinematic city characters .
Robinson 's film is a cut above the rest , seeming simultaneously wise beyond its years and electrically , youthfully playful .
Accentuates the positive
... a relief from the cynical , slickly packaged teen movies that have been flooding the market .
... refreshing without going all goody two-shoe , its four friends and their ties to Atlanta not unlike the bunch of guys in Barry Levinson 's Baltimore Diner .
Too predictable .
Here 's the kind of movie that filmmakers should develop more often : It 's an urban movie about teen-agers FOR teen-agers . And I hope that teen-agers and adults from all walks of life see `` ATL , '' because it 's both gritty and good-hearted .
ATL This is kind of film that sends all the politically correct signals to its target audience , and does it rather well .
`` ATL '' does n't explore any new ground in the genre of black teen disillusionment but this is an affecting urban cautionary tale that sparkles in its own self-reflection .
... serves as the Kanye West to gangster-rap movies such as ` Never Die Alone . '
It 's something akin to the earlier films of Spike Lee -- She 's Got ta Have It and Crooklyn come to mind -- in that the characters are cherished for their human qualities , not for how well they swagger onto the screen .
The story is familiar , but terrific performances and a vivid sense of place elevate it above the average teen-oriented picture .
Warner Bros. ' low-budget stab at capturing an urban niche audience is higher on stylistic dazzle than originality or coherence , making it an unlikely candidate to bust out of the box office ghetto .
For a run-of-the-mill hip-hop drama , ATL has some engaging hooks that set it apart from the predictable formula of urban youth struggling to steer clear of crime and pull themselves up to a better life .
The film 's special appeal is that while the boys are poor and black , their stories transcend race and socio-economic matters .
But the story behind ATL -LRB- credited to Antwone Fisher , the onetime Navy man in San Diego who had a movie made about his life four years ago -RRB- for the most part feels genuine and resonant .
Along the way , the film is bogged down by its dramatic twists and turns .
Making his feature-film debut , music-video director Chris Robinson expertly choreographs the skating sequences , which are exhilarating fun .
Really , ATL -- like last year 's Roll Bounce -- is about roller skating .
The second half is clumsier than the first , and you get the impression that the studio rushed to cut things that had n't worked in last fall 's kids-skating flop and play up the Boyz aspects of the routine moral-dilemma plot .
Ultimately , ATL is the same old teenager angst in a mildly novel package .
A good message is n't enough to justify a $ 10 ticket . You also need a good movie .
A thoroughly convincing portrait of black teens in Atlanta , ATL has the same broad range of laughs and fears as Fast Times at Ridgemont High .
It feels like a real window on the lives of disenfranchised youths -- these are in South Atlanta -- as they make their way in a society that does n't cut them any breaks .
Buoyed by a superlative soundtrack , ATL plays a familiar song about growing up , but hits notes that sound brand new .
ATL never suggests that it feels good to be a gangster , nor is it a preachy morality tale peppered with gunshots and prison cells .
What Chris Robinson 's debut feature lacks in imagination , it makes up for through a vivid sense of place as well as fine , instinctive performances , particularly from rapper Tip T.I. Harris in the lead role .
ATL is unlikely to inspire any emotion stronger than vague indifference .
ATL has a soft-heart , and its portrait of teen friendship is fun and funny , and even a bit pollyanna-ish .
A mellow and engrossing coming-of-age film about a young crew on the south side of Atlanta .
The movie is directed by a prominent video director , Chris Robinson -LRB- Jay-Z , Alicia Keys -RRB- and , no surprise , it feels less like a conventional movie than a video compilation of flashy scenes , montages and sound-track opportunities .
The script of ATL may take a well-worn path , but the view out the window is a new one .
A well executed , charming and often affecting drama that manages to carve out a comfortably mainstream feel .
ATL starts out somewhat fresh , but then turns slowly stale as its story of African-American kids in Atlanta takes on more and more of the standard elements of growing up in the hood movies .
ATL may fail to wow on the skate floor , but it still makes decent melodrama .
ATL may not have much appeal outside a youth audience , but it deserves credit for looking beyond contests toward the looming difficulties of adulthood .
ATL has more room for nuance than most films unfairly lumped under the black-movie label .
Director Chris Robinson moves his camera aimlessly , cutting in and out of speeches as if he were just as bored as I.
ATL is one of those filmic byproducts -LRB- in this case , a promotional vehicle for the rapper Tip Harris , a.k.a. T.I. -RRB- that somehow manage to emerge from the mill of commerce with their modesty preserved .
Cinematography by Crash . Whatever else you might think about Chris Robinson 's feature film debut , this credit for his longtime music video DP is certainly long overdue .
does n't offer anything we have n't seen in an after-school special .
ATL relishes the fact that most people do n't bother to know Black teenager 's dreams and hopes , and takes its time to show them in loud , vivid color .
If many of the situations in `` ATL '' are familiar and the characters ' attitude changes sometimes hard to buy ... the movie does a fine job of capturing the atmosphere of inner-city Atlanta ...
Perhaps an ongoing TV series might have been a better form for this drama .
Several good ideas for a movie rumble around inside ATL , but they never coalesce .
Black urban youth are treated with dignity and affection -- something that does n't often happen in movies -- and it 's a respectable , mostly enjoyable film .
It 's heartening to be able to report that ATL is as much like Diner as it is like Boys in the Hood ... Robinson may overdose on style , but he also respects the homegrown origins of this ATLanta-bred tale .
This is a superb film with a lot to say about people , not stereotypes . And it does so with vigor and intelligence , not a crushing need to play to the lowest common denominator .
The most refreshing part of ATL is that each of these kids are good kids . Unfortunately , they are good kids in a bad movie .
Before its predictable third-act resolutions , ATL presents a rich urban tableau .
Despite an occasional whiff of cheese , it 's mostly a fresh , funny , coming-of-age story that feels authentic .
Despite a few pitfalls -LRB- the adult worlds of money and sex -RRB- ATL makes navigating the trials , tribulations , and Southern twangs of life on the wrong side of the tracks look relatively painless .
The movie manages to craft its own identity while making a familiar story feel somewhat fresh .
Notwithstanding the melodrama and the often ham-handed directing , ATL somehow works .
No , ATL is n't a drug movie , and it does n't send its characters on a harrowing journey into danger . It 's a film about growing up and working , about falling in love , about planning for your future , and about the importance of friends .
... a surprisingly intelligent and admirably modest story about growing up on Atlanta 's south side , taking responsibility and taking stock .
A couple of rap stars make respectable starts on acting careers in this tale of black teenagers in Atlanta , despite a script marred by cliches and predictability .
We hear Ray Charles ' sentimental tribute `` Georgia '' turned into a hiccuping stuck record mixed with something harsher . This mash-up sets the stage for the conflicts the characters face between where they 've been and where they want to go .
There 's a lot that 's right about ATL , the debut directing effort of music-video maker Chris Robinson . But the things that are wrong are simply fatal .
An easygoing , likable coming-of-age movie about black Georgia high schoolers , ATL is a veritable La-Z-Boy recliner of a movie .
Like most media these days , ATL feels like the product of video-on-demand-era focus groups , which means that it 's entertaining , but not smart .
ATL is not interesting . Nor compelling . Nor lively . Nor always comprehensible .
Eventually , Hollywood plot machinations rear their ugly heads , dictating a generic Romeo-and-Juliet love story and an even staler cautionary tale about the evils of drugs that completely stifle the film 's laid-back appeal .
Whenever anything happens to move the story along , it immediately loses its laid-back Southern charm .
-LSB- P -RSB- retty darn involving and pretty darn smart for a teen flick -- there 's a genuine affection among Rashad 's gang of adolescent misfits ...
Chris Robinson skews more toward Roll Bounce authenticity than Belly superficiality .
Though the disparate bits and pieces do n't fit together very comfortably , they share one characteristic : they 're formulaic .
Do n't expect to see it as a featured film on NBC or even HBO . Maybe it 's got a shot at late-night BET . If this had gone straight to DVD , that would have been A-OK . RIP , `` ATL . ''
Really , all we wan na do is skate , skate , skate .
It unpretentiously serves class consciousness and conflict with its Cadillac music , attempting to capture -- not capitalize on -- the Atlanta scene that 's spawned an aesthetic and a mythology all its own .
An engaging experience .
A bland , lackluster film that thanks to both bad marketing and poor filmmaking , never really gets the chance to endear itself to the audience .


@highlight

Strong lead performances and catchy musical interludes rescue this coming-of-age story from its formulaic script and uneven direction .