Instead of being handed facts that could be more readily imparted by a literary biography , we are immersed in -LSB- subject Bausch 's -RSB- startling dance work ... and invited to examine her philosophy and work methods .
Flawed as the film may be , it is still a celebration of the art of dance through the spiritual presence of Pina Bausch , one of the great choreographers of the twentieth century .
Dance truly is a kind of miracle , is n't it ?
A stirring and solid tribute to the late dance instructor .
a stark , invigorating reminder that great art never dies with the artist
The creative marriage of two real artists , Pina and Wim , turns out better than even a Dale Carnegie bred optimist could hope for
... as beautiful as it is perplexing .
Joy , anger , terror , grief - the entire range of human experience can be found in these dances .
Wenders usa sua própria forma de expressão artística -LRB- o Cinema -RRB- para recriar e enriquecer a obra de Bausch .
Pina is a celebration of what it is to inspire greatness , a passionate dance of life , love and inspiration that transcends its central figure to become something as timeless , and as hopeful , as the innovative and remarkable woman who inspired it .
` Undefeated ' won the Oscar , but the most truly inspiring of the Documentary Feature nominees is ` Pina . ' I know next to nothing about dance , and I was mesmerized .
Mondern-dance documentary is visually dazzling but it does n't make the slightest effort to invite the unconverted to the party .
Watching Pina is like being inside one of Bausch 's surreal pieces .
A remarkable -- and likely enduring -- tribute to an artist committed to creating dance theater drawn from humanity 's deepest physical and emotional reserves .
Bring someone who doubts that movies can surprise us anymore . ... Bring somebody who is n't yet excited about stereoscopic cinema . They 'll change their minds .
Most documentaries put us inside people 's heads . The dazzling , experimental Pina puts us inside people 's feet .
-LSB- An -RSB- utterly transfixing , exhilarating spectacle of bodies in motion .
The 3-D is so subtle , unobtrusive and low-key that at times I felt like I was watching the movie through a View-Master rather than the requisite plastic glasses . That 's not meant as a knock .
`` Pina '' is n't just for dance fans or those curious about the latest in 3-D . It 's a celebration of life .
An immersive moviegoing experience beyond imagination .
A unique and often sublime artistic experience , `` Pina '' is a 3-D dance film that immerses us in the movement , letting us feel that we could reach out and touch these dancers as they float past us .
Outsiders might have more difficulty comprehending Bausch 's mastery , especially whacked up into bite-sized pieces of inscrutable emotion and abrupt movement .
Dance fans wo n't want to miss it , but be prepared to be frustrated almost as often as you 're awed .
For anyone with an interest in dance , `` Pina '' is a must-see . For anyone not interested in contemporary dance , `` Pina '' is a should-see . It could change your mind .
Exciting if elusive - appealing to dance enthusiasts
Wenders and the Tanztheater company have combined to offer a masterful tribute to Bausch 's unique vision , one that 's enhanced by 3D .
A spectacular show of movement and stagecraft .
Pina is a tribute of an artist by an artist , a friend to a friend . But its great genius comes from the mournful , as well as celebratory , reckoning of the performers Bausch pushed , collaborated with and inspired .
What might seem like a convenient bid for publicity - the first 3-D art-house film ! - turns out to be the only logical way to showcase the action .
Sans 3D , Pina becomes a more unified work of undisputed merits , a passionate , fitting tribute from one of Europe 's preeminent filmmakers and documentarians .
Pina is as rich in imagery and emotion as any film released this year and in some cases moreso .
This meditation on movement and space , transportation and transcendence is not to be missed .
This seems like a ripping good idea . In practice , `` Pina '' turns out to have a few problems .
Suggests thrilling new possibilities for the marriage of movies and dance .
Wenders , who so wanted to see the world through Pina 's eyes , has done something even better . He 's allowed posterity to see her world , and in a way as breathtaking as the work itself .
Even for someone who would rather count sheep than attend a ballet , these scenes are nothing short of astonishing , beautifully presenting dance 's ability to depict words .
A milestone in dance and 3D filmmaking .
You wo n't hear the names Merce Cunningham , Martha Graham , Paul Taylor or Bob Fosse breathed herein .
What the filmmaker has created is an inspired simulacrum - a jewel-box that contains more of Bausch 's kinetic soul than film has any right to .
Crane and steadycam allow Wenders to get so close to the action that in the minimalist Café Müller , one 's illusion of being on stage is uncanny .
`` Pina `` is the best possible tribute to Bausch , and to adventurous image-making .
I watched the film in a sort of reverie .
An exhilarating experience , both in its celebration of Bausch 's groundbreaking work and in the thrilling way that Wenders captures it on camera .
Whether you 're familiar with Pina Bausch 's work or not , the new film `` Pina '' is a knockout .
It 's not an overview of Bausch 's career or a statement on her art , but a celebration of her work and the dancers who bring it to life .
This is a stunning film , a glorious homage to modern dance and one of its premier authors and the best justification of 3D technology to date .
With a breakout use of 3D for artistic rather than solely commercial blockbuster purposes , German director Wim Wenders gives extraordinary life to the work of choreographer Pina Bausch .
So this is what 3-D is capable of when used for art rather than the commerce of hiking ticket prices and repurposing cartoons !
From the hauntingly beautiful to the scary , Pina Bausch 's post-modern dance sparkles in 3D .
It 's an enchanting film , one that makes you feel you are missing something dear if you do n't dance or appreciate it as an art form .
Pina is , in every way , a moving experience .
An often exhilarating , lively , magical and breathtaking experience of Pina Bausch 's art .
A welcome departure from the by-the-numbers fossilization in today 's documentary deluge .
Thanks to 3D technology it 's dance film quite unlike any other , which was filmmaker Wim Wenders ' intention , and it 's a transporting experience for the uninitiated and the cognoscenti alike .
It should appeal to dance mavens , and to folks who have no idea what a pas de deux is .
The power and intelligence of Bausch 's approach , which at times seems more cerebral than sensual , is communicated .
... filmmaking as glorious music .
An intimate and ravishingly filmed tribute to German dancer Pina Bausch .
An amazing and appealing 3D documentary by the inimitable Wim Wenders on the innovative dancer and choreographer Pina Bausch .
A movie that does more than demolish the invisible wall between film and dance ; it breaks the barrier that intervenes , even at a live performance , between seat and stage .
We are among these dancers in their pain and joy and longing . We hear them breathe , feel the heat of their skin , smell their sweat , sense the pounding of their hearts , the ache in their thighs and feet .
Less a strict documentary than a heartfelt - and visually gorgeous - celebration of Bausch 's work and her mode of working .
A tribute to Pina Bausch , one of modern dance 's most groundbreaking choreographers , pic lets the artist 's work speak for itself via big , juicy slabs of performance .
Wim Wenders ' stylish 3D mirrors the bizarrely captivating world of choreographer Pina Bausch .
Pina belongs in the rare category of adventurous material matched with a thrillingly immersive form -- suck it , Avatar .
Pina gives us the supreme pleasure of watching fascinating bodies of widely varying ages in motion , whether leaping , falling , catching , diving , grieving , or exulting .
Beyond a nostalgic tribute for cognoscenti , this visually stunning film is a terrific introduction . It will be an essential resource and inspiration for future dance fans .
The question is , What do you get from Pina that you could not get from watching the Tanztheater live ? Answer : More than you could possibly believe .
An interest in modern dance is n't necessary to enjoy the film .
No es una película sobre Pina Bausch sino para Pina Bausch , una suerte de hermoso tributo o regalo que le hacen -LRB- y que nos hacen -RRB- sus bailarines de la mano de un director que filma como los dioses .
Richly cinematic , using the camera to direct our attention , change our perspective , and significantly alter our sense of the space and the shape of the dancer 's bodies .
Unlike so many 3D films , Pina is a prime example of how big a difference the process can make to the film-going experience .
By virtue of its subject alone , enthusiasts of modern dance will devour Pina . If it was in a bottle , they 'd drink every drop ; if it was in a squeeze-tube , they would rub it on their skin .
. Wenders puts state-of-the-art 3D technology to ideal usage in capturing the dynamic vibrancy of transformative dance numbers that reveal the personalities of the individual dancers , as well as the bold vision of their artistic muse .
Wim Wenders ' tribute to -LRB- and for -RRB- the legendary choreographer Pina Bausch -LRB- who I have met several times -RRB- captures vividly the artist and her work , while putting to great use the 3D technology .
Using 3-D in as ungimmicky a way as possible , Wenders wants simply to immerse viewers in the dance , with all its physicality , protruding collar bones and earthy colours .
Pina is ... a marvel , with Wenders making at-times-visionary use of the 3D technology , treating the frame like a stage with multiple planes of action .
Combines a haunting elegy for the avant-garde choreographer Pina Bausch with a wondrously surreal evocation of her work .
The whole range of human emotion is expressed and experienced during this film , making it a sublime cinematic accomplishment .
It 's a performance film that crystallises Bausch 's style in a series of dance pieces amplified by interviews about her personality , methods and inspirations .
3D feels suddenly human after you use it to watch Pina .
There 's no doubting the skill with which Wenders has brought them to the screen , and his use of 3D is ravishing . Interviews with the dancers are well shot , too , and beautifully integrated into an outstanding film about the art of the dance .
Exuberantly uses dance to flex 3D 's potential and 3D to make dance thrill cinematically .
As a showcase for her work the film is extremely impressive and the 3D technology is put to spectacular use .
With cinemas already overrun with rubbish 3D movies , Wim Wenders ' first foray into faux-immersive filmmaking distinguishes itself by featuring the worst use of the technology thus far .
It 's an immensely attractive film that uses 3D interestingly to create theatrical space and it makes one want to learn more about Bausch and the development of her art .
It 's an austere testament , though plainly heartfelt , and perhaps just what the lady herself would have appreciated .
A tremendous film that sets out to make the new 3D technology an integral part of what is being created - a film with clarity and passion .
Proves that a third dimension can be more much more than icing on the cake .
Hopefully Pina will be the first of many to build a bridge between 3D and arthouse cinema .
The 3D adds a depth and clarity to the images that is entirely cinematic .
What this film shows , beyond reasonable doubt , is that here was some sort of genius - and here is a film-maker who knows it .
Wenders slowly grows in confidence with his subject matter , lyrically exploring how dance can represent all known human emotions .
Your eyes fall out of your head . You find yourself in and out of a trance , considering the thousand layers of depth through the surface of the screen .
The beauty of Wenders 's film is that his imagery and gaze on Bausch 's work has the same essential , uncluttered and wryly funny quality as the work itself .
A film so breath-takingly indulgent that even the phrase ' 3D arthouse film about modern dance ' does n't do it justice .
It 's a surprise to see Wim Wenders embracing 3D in its full , feature-length glory but the medium works well to capture the graceful swirl of the German choreographer 's work .


@highlight

Pina is an immersive , gorgeously shot tribute to the people who express life through movement .