Even though the plot forgoes the formulaic slam-dunk , hackneyed devices , low production values , and the stilted direction -LRB- by Preston A. Whitmore II -RRB- dribble the ball off the shoe and out of bounds .
The movie is also burdened by some amateurish acting in supporting roles , but Mackie and Jonathan are the real deal , and they get good support from Wayne Brady as a smarmy sports agent .
A real air ball , so poorly scripted that most of the major plot developments occur offscreen .
If BET made after school specials , this is what they would look like .
The streetball scenes , much like the plot , have a few high points but never hit their stride .
There are dumb movies and then there is Crossover , a movie so devoid of logic it will leave you astounded .
Writer-director Preston Whitmore II 's basketball film is a well-intentioned but utterly clichéd slice of Detroit life .
The inspirational sports movie cliches notwithstanding , Crossover is just bad filmmaking that does not serve either its cast or its audience well .
Here 's a story that wanders all over the place with an ending that just about anybody could predict .
The beginning of Crossover looks like a mash-up of McG 's Fastlane and Wayne Brady 's storied appearance on Chappelle 's Show .
I hated this movie . It 's a piece of junk .
The movie looks as though it was edited in a Cuisinart , more concerned with frenetic cutting than coherent storytelling .
Despite a superb cast , Crossover dribbles slowly , with not nearly enough time on the basketball court .
Crossover 's got game , not to mention the best of intentions . But it 's too clunky by half .
An end-of-summer throwaway that resembles last year 's Supercross in its naked ineptitude and willingness to cut corners at every turn .
Much as they would like it to , basketball ca n't save the youthful inner-city players here . Nor does the ultra-fast-paced street version of the sport save this movie from predictability and tedium .
The Annapolis of basketball movies ... The movie bounces from scene to scene like some sort of round rubbery sphere .
What is most surprising , however , is just how bad the basketball in the movie is . The games bookending the picture are two of the worst cinematic interpretations of the sport ever to grace the silver screen .
Just a few more tweaks and Crossover could have been something special -- a truly terrible movie to savor for the ages . But nooo , this street ball movie has to settle for middle-of-the-road badness .
Detroit-born independent filmmaker Preston A. Whitmore II 's astonishingly inept drama revolves around the high-stakes world of streetball and the efforts of two teenagers to resist its flash and cash temptations .
You ca n't blame Crossover for being comfortable with its own clichés . It 's so blatantly formulaic that it actually grows on you if you do n't dismiss it in the first five minutes .
Crossover has one redeeming quality : a heart that 's in the right place . It 's a bad movie with a good message -- but does anyone really want to pay $ 10 for an ABC After School Special version of He Got Game ?
A lot of Crossover 's manifest failings could be forgiven if the on-court action was thrilling . But Space Jam had better basketball scenes . For that matter , so did Dr. J 's The Fish That Saved Pittsburgh .
An amateurish hodgepodge of drama clichés and tired music video-style techniques , Crossover is a baldly contrived narrative .
Bling is bad and friends are good in this story of temptation , rivalry and buck-wild cheerleaders set in the world of Detroit street basketball .
The games and setting are n't gritty enough to let this urban sports drama crossover into something a general audience would care to see .
For a movie centered on a game without rules , Crossover is pretty formulaic .
I 'll believe that Kevin Federline is a Renaissance man , Mel Gibson loves matzoh and George Pataki is going to be our next president before I 'll believe the premise of this movie .
An inner-city drama promoting themes of friendship , loyalty and the value of a good education should be a welcome event , but writer-director Preston Whitmore 's Crossover is so badly conceived and executed , its good intentions do n't help .
Crossover has too much going for it . It has a wonderful message about making smart life choices , but the story shuffles among too many subjects -- sports , romance , friendship -- to let audiences hear it clearly .
Crossover could 've used a little more sports action in place of some overwrought melodrama .
Cross Crossover off your list of movies to see .
Crossover expects moviegoers to ignore the inept script and acting and root for its characters anyway .
The would-be street hoopster characters of Crossover have plenty of flashy , original moves . Sadly , the movie itself has none .
Earnest and predictable , Crossover deserves more than the horselaughs that will probably greet it in theaters -- but not a lot more .
The only thing that makes the game streetball , as is explained by overexpository dialogue , is that strict rules are n't really enforced , and the players are allowed to travel . I know what you 're thinking -- how is this different from the NBA ?
The writing is unimaginative -- Tech says ` snap ' more often than that elf from the cereal commercials .
The talky script , by the movie 's director Preston A. Whitmore II , is delivered with all the flair of bad community theater .
Clunky , cliché-filled and embarrassingly melodramatic .
This is a neo-minstral show .
If you 're old enough to see how shamelessly manipulative and predictable it is , you 're too old for it .
The entire film is just so over-the-top , feeling more like an After School Special than a serious inner-city drama .
Pure Amateursville .
Even I could play against these guys and maybe win .
Crossover might have its heart in the right place , but its brain is somewhere else all together .
A cheap-looking quickie feature ... the wasted talent on display somehow makes it all more painful .
Crossover is not just awful , it 's gloriously , stupendously , magnificently awful . And best of all , it has Wayne Brady as the bad guy .
It shoots . And it shoots and shoots and shoots , but it never scores .
Melodramatically absurd and technically inept...well-intentioned but dull .
While director-screenwriter Preston A. Whitmore II 's film is to be admired for its proponing the values of a higher education over the dream of a career in the NBA , its dialogue , characterizations and situations rarely transcend the level of cliche .
Crossover is a movie that fouls out in the first half .
This sanitized version of inner-city life deserves points for its game attempt to create an uplifting tale , but outside some flashy basketball sequences , it rarely comes to life or generates much believability .
The underground version of basketball known as streetball comes above ground in Crossover , but the fascinating freeform game gets screened out by a ludicrous soap opera with poor dramatic moves .
You could watch Crossover , or you could check out the Salvation Army gift shop to see what inspirational bumper stickers they 're peddling .
The movie just flails away at a lot of plot points that are either second-hand playground hustles straight out of White Man Ca n't Jump -- or second-rate .
Crossover comes with more swooshing/zapping/whamming sound effects than a year 's worth of The O'Reilly Factor .
Compared to those prodigious in-your-face fakes , alley oops and slam dunks , the movie 's trite , trash-talking dialogue and drippy do-the-right-thing message fall as flat as an airball .
The streetball scenes offer some nifty trick plays , but the rest of Crossover features poorly dressed sets , cheap-looking costumes and locations , and silly histrionics .
There will never be a tamer , lamer movie made about streetball .
Wayne Brady , even at his most intimidating , is about as threatening as a basket full of kittens .
Crossover skimps on court-level pyrotechnics -LRB- we get a game in the beginning and , of course , a big game at the end , and that 's about it -RRB- in favor of dry urban melodrama .
A couple of dramatic plot points come and go with the speed of a buzzer-beating shot . And like the style of play the film glorifies , it 's all flash and no fundamentals .
The chances of it actually ` crossing over ' are nil .
Just as streetball is a pale version of college or NBA basketball , so too is Crossover a pathetic imitation of an emotionally engaging , professionally made movie .

@highlight

This heartfelt but incompetent , cliche-ridden sports picture is the cinematic equivalent of an airball .