The images of someone essentially handicapped undergoing extensive physical training most definitely make for images that are both haunting and inspirational
Despite a decent central turn from Miles Teller , the film is predictable and has a healthy relationship with genre cliché .
Bleed hits every well-trod beat and expectation of the genre , and is such a rote exercise it might as well be called Boxing : The Movie , or Sports Comeback : The True Hollywood Story .
Bleed for This flinches from plunging into the madness , the place where a truly interesting movie resides . Instead , it flounders in the lightweight division .
`` Bleed for This '' is a boxing movie that is n't just for boxing fans .
Solid in all creative departments , and downplaying melodrama and big moments for an even-handed realism , it 's an accomplished piece of filmmaking .
Teller is a knockout . He nails the hometown hero 's accent , fighting style and goofball charm .
It 's a boxing movie so you know where it 's headed -- though in fairness it seems pretty true to Vinny 's actual story , so whaddya gon na do .
Bleed for This is the kind of film we all need right now .
The glove drama grand guignol comes straight from grandma 's kitchen -- hot-chestnut hokum , sizzling clichés .
An enjoyable , stirring sports movie .
In fight-movie terms , I 'd call it a draw .
Bleed For This is both cinematic and interesting without losing sight of the man from Rhode Island who wore the gloves .
Overall , Bleed For This is an enjoyable film . Its third act makes up for a slightly sloppy start .
Actor and director work hand in hand to make this road to recovery as harrowing as possible -- you will feel every bite of the screws bored into Vinny 's skull .
It adheres to all the genre conventions and , although not a classic , is engaging and enjoyable .
Despite this rather limited emotional arc , Ben Younger 's film sings at times : the boxing scenes are excellent , and Hinds and a virtually unrecognisable Eckhart do much to beef things up dramatically .
It is a simple old-fashioned quest - the story holds few surprises - but done with immense charm and brio .
It never excited me , largely , though not entirely , because it somehow felt wrong to cheer on Pazienza 's decision to defy medical advice and risk paralysis .
Although it 's debatable whether we need another boxing movie , or whether there is anything new that can be added to an overcrowded genre , this serviceable true-life comeback story has a couple of things in its favour .
This is another in a list of fine performances by Miles Teller , who was so good in last year 's `` Whiplash . '' Here he captures the ego of Pazienza perfectly , making a man whose boasting should make him unlikable actually become someone to care about .
There is ... something intriguing in Younger and Teller 's understanding of the film 's hero . An all-round addict who frequents sleazy strip clubs and gambling dens , Vinny 's rage against impossible odds is both admirable and utterly crazed .
This is such a ripping true story that it ca n't help but grab hold of the audience , even if the film never quite breaks through the surface .
It 's a bruiser alright and whether you 're already familiar with this remarkable sporting fable turned fact or not , Bleed For This delivers a real knockout emotional blow .
The worst thing about boxing films is the boxing ... Bleed for This , thankfully , knows these pitfalls .
Strong performances and a genuinely remarkable real-life tale help Ben Younger 's boxing drama Bleed For This rise above the similarities it undoubtedly shares with other films in the genre .
Younger takes care to keep things rooted in the real and he 's aided by Teller and Eckhart , who give it their all in a movie that ultimately celebrates the simple power of living for the thing you love most .
Pound for pound , boxing must throw up more bizarrely larger-than-life characters than any other sport , and in the figure of Vinny Pazienza ... -LSB- Miles Teller -RSB- is indubitably playing one of those .
Broadly sticking to the boxing movie blueprint is forgivable , Teller failing to properly sell the struggle of a man whose livelihood and reason for living is almost ripped away from him is n't .
Teller demonstrates the requisite pluck , while Ciaran Hinds and Aaron Eckhart are cast against type as Vinny 's father and his paunchy , balding coach .
Despite the craft and committed performances , Bleed For This feels very conventional and never delivers a knockout blow .
Middleweight , non-intelligence-insulting fare right to the core , Bleed For This keeps you squarely in your seat , but barely once excites you enough to leap up out of it .
It never questions or qualifies its upbeat message , but it 's watchable , well-crafted stuff , strongly acted , with a very funny opening `` weigh-in '' sequence , as Vinny desperately tries to sweat off excess pounds with minutes to go .
This biopic coulda been a contender if superior specimens like Rocky and Raging Bull had n't landed their punches first .
It may be predictable , but Bleed For This still grabs with its astonishing against-all-odds true story , and its belter of a central performance from Miles Teller .
Miles Teller shines as the Rhode Island-based Paz , and director Ben Younger delivers the action at a flyweight 's pace .
Bleed For This stays close to the underdog formula , but with very little substance or emotional depth .
The movie never really overcomes the basic familiarity of its formula -- Triumph Over Adversity -LRB- Sports Division -RRB- -- but within those limits , it 's extremely well-done .
Bleed For This is an enjoyable but very generic and old-fashioned boxing movie .
A journeyman effort that 's satisfyingly light on melodrama .
Teller is hot stuff now , but he is n't Robert De Niro , not yet .
There 's little in Bleed for This that you have n't seen before , and lots you 've seen far too often .
This is an unconventional boxing story that sells out a bit by playing with history , but it gives us enough gritty realism from the cast and camera work to make Bleed For This a solid boxing flick .
Impressive , unique , and inspiring .
Sweaty and scrappy with sports stereotypes and showboating sentiment ...
Boxing movies increasingly , over the years , show the fight game and in-the-ring action in realistic ways and `` Bleed for This '' is no exception .
Even though the outcome is no secret , you 're still invested in Vinny every step and jab of the way .
Miles Teller looks nothing like a boxer -LRB- or Pazienza for that matter -RRB- , but Aaron Eckhart , as famous trainer Kevin Rooney , offers a swell performance during a companion redemption plot .
Ben Younger 's Bleed for This , starring Miles Teller , distinguishes itself by doubling down on some of the tried-and-true formulas . It 's a comeback times two .
While it 's unlikely that Bleed for This will supplant Rocky in the minds of filmgoers , it 's an entertaining reminder that defeat is only a temporary condition .
Miles Teller is riveting . The cast is strange , but also superb .
Someone seems to have told Hollywood that our favorite sport is boxing , and that Hollywood should make more movies about boxing , and that we will never get tired of boxing movies , especially formulaic ones about real people .
Teller gives an incredibly physical performance , believable in the ring , awkwardly stationary throughout the movie 's midsection , his eyes always on the prize
Deals too thoroughly in boxing-movie clichés to rise to the level of its actors .
... a mediocre biopic that tends to pull its punches
It follows the same pattern of rise , fall , comeback , and redemption that has become so automatic for this particular subgenre that you can almost set your watch by the narrative beats .
Bleed for This is utterly devoid of tension , making for a limp entry in the fighting-film lineage .
I really got into this film and its remarkable real-life story . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Profanity , Nudity , etc. - also Available -RRB-
Teller totally immerses himself in the physically taxing role and the movie distinguishes itself thanks to its painstaking depiction of the real-life Paz 's grueling comeback .
Bleed for This will not be the drama that establishes Teller as a heavyweight in Hollywood . And that 's a real shame for its true champ , Aaron Eckhart .
If it was n't based on a true story you could easily dismiss this film . But the fact that this really did happen sort of changes everything , and watching Vinny 's remarkable comeback , along with sensational acting , gives audiences a lot to root for here .
Mature boxing drama is absorbing , if not original .
Younger 's treatment of this inspirational tale is what might be termed a dogged but ultimately rather flatfooted entry in the boxing genre .
Paz 's return to the ring is inherently inspiring , so writer-director Ben Younger is already off to a good start , but Younger adds some intriguing touches that give the film a feeling of authenticity that makes the Cinderella story seem less sappy .
There 's always another fight , just as there 's always another boxing film .
Teller is magnetic in the lead role , and he helps `` Bleed for This '' transcend boxing movie clichés .
Unremarkable , predictable and forgettable , slotting its real-life main character into a familiar formula .
Bleed For This features a pair of engaging turns from its two leads , that help to give it life where it desperately needs it , but the film itself is never quite able to feel as refreshing or courageous as Vinny Pazienza 's real life story .
Writer/director Ben Younger blows a chance to make a powerful real-life Rocky movie . This one is an epic fail at almost every level . The worst boxing sequences of all time .
This is a boxing movie that actually gets boxing .
never takes full advantage of its subject 's scrappiness , too often falling back on training montages , against-all-odds rhetoric , and other movie rules that fail to surprise or invigorate .
You ca n't shake the sense that the real Vinny Paz is far more fascinating than this basic boxing biopic .
The boxing sequences are by-the-numbers , but Teller 's performance is solid as he captures Vinny 's overconfident bluster before the accident and his gutsy determination after .
It 's not a film about a man 's struggle with potential paralysis , but when the rest of the feature plays so blandly and predictably , perhaps it should 've been .
Hits all the marks you expect , but with few surprises and a protagonist that does n't inspire empathy , Bleed for This does n't go very far .
Thirty of Paz 's 50 career victories were by knockout , but Bleed for This wins more narrowly , on points .
The tale 's powerful dramatic arc is undeniable . But Pazienza 's saga as depicted here feels overly simplified and lacking in heft .
The world needs another boxing movie like a palooka needs another hit to the head . But it can always use a good story - and Bleed for This certainly qualifies as such .
At this point , there 've been so many boxing movies that we really are hoping someone finds a unique approach.Bleed for This is not that movie . It is still a worthwhile watch , however , if only for the unbelievable comeback story it resurrects .
Miles Teller gives the performance of his career as the indefatigable Vinny `` The Pazmanian Devil '' Pazienza , and writer-director Ben Younger delivers one of the best boxing movies of the decade in Bleed for This .
I respect director Ben Younger for going to the trouble of trying not to make a cookie-cutter boxing movie . Unfortunately , I think the film would have been better served by a more straightforward approach .
It 's like if `` Whiplash '' was intended as motivational .
Yes , it 's a boxing comeback story . But the car accident makes it different , and Teller and Eckhart make it better than it ought to be .
No amount of feints will change one fact : `` Bleed for This '' has no new moves .
Vinny 's remarkable comeback story can make for compelling viewing .
Teller is cornering a market on recklessness in the roles he chooses -- the energy from that demonic drum solo at the end of `` Whiplash '' seems to carry over into the ferocity with which Vinny pounds at life .
The familiar conventions of the boxing movie get a muscular overhaul in this gritty biopic about Vinny Pazienza , known as the Pazmanian Devil .
Overall , Bleed for This is a conventional boxing saga about the improbable comeback of a fallen and flawed champ .
Its deep knowledge of boxing pictures and sports weepies helps the story glide along . Still , there 's a deeper , more powerful tale here that remains frustratingly untapped .
Vinny 's story is an inspiring one , and it 's told with enough passion and punch to make up for its often overt familiarity .
`` Bleed for This '' is not a very good movie , but it 's an occasionally entertaining one .
Not every biopic needs to reinvent the form . Sometimes it 's enough to inhabit it , engagingly .
It sees something inspirational , not psychotic , about its hero 's punishing perseverance , his willingness to put his body through hell for the sake of glory .
Teller is impressively bulked up , but there 's a flatness in his performance . It 's a dogged , rather than an inspired , portrayal .
Teller 's fierce evocation of the man 's extreme , at times uncomfortable resolve makes Bleed for This the rare boxing movie in which watching the hero win is difficult .
Teller 's work is the film 's soul , and he completely convinces us of Vinny 's affability , flaws and steely determination .
With his bulked-up physique , wispy mustache , and reckless masochism , Teller turns what could have been a goombah cartoon into a real person .
No , we probably did n't need another biopic about a white boxer succeeding against all odds , but you could do a lot worse than this one .
It tells what many consider the greatest real-life boxing comebacks in history , but on-screen it rarely feels like anything but a run-of-the-mill fight picture .
Bleed for This is a scrapper , with solid mechanics and a true story that would otherwise be dismissed as too incredible for a movie .
Bleed for This never registers as anything more than a boilerplate boxing drama , which is a shame because the material is all there , it 's just hamstrung by a flimsy screenplay that refuses to let its characters exist on their own .
Two great performances overcome the stereotypes and sometimes sloppy aesthetics of this formulaic feel-good boxing picture .
With Whiplash intensity , Miles Teller hammers out a granite-tough portrayal of boxer Vinny Pazienza , who refused to throw in the towel despite a broken neck .
If there is something new to be said about boxing , Bleed for This does n't find it . Sucks all the energy out of a story that should have been a ca n't - miss .
Miles Teller is a knockout in this surprising boxing film that takes a stunning turn to be the most remarkable comeback story I can recall .
Any initial gestures toward acknowledging Vinny Paz 's macho egotism are eventually downplayed as the film becomes just another formulaic triumph-over-adversity saga .
Bleed For This is an inspirational knockout . Miles Teller is proving to be a supremely versatile actor .
It 's so well made that Bleed for This won me over despite my aversion to timeworn sports pictures that tell basically the same story .
Where the film works best is in evoking the brash blue collar Rhode Island backdrop that shaped Vinny Paz into the kind of man who refuses to let a spinal fracture end his career .
The best description of the film would be Italians busting each other 's balls for two hours-and that goes for the ladies , too .
Follows a tried , tested and triumphant formula that so often illuminates the silver screen - except this one is based entirely on real events .
Bleed for This mostly removes the rough edges of boxer Vinny Pazienza to tell a predictable comeback story that , at best , is worth a made-for-TV movie .
Bleed For This takes its lumps and earns its respect like a good boxing drama should .
A solid fight flick in the vein of THE FIGHTER .
Yes , Paz 's story is unique , and you have to admire the insistence in telling it , but Bleed For This ca n't help but follow the emotional beats that filmmakers , for better and worse , have stuck to in the past .
Works up a good sweat , but never quite lands that killer punch .
Younger had n't made a feature since 2005 's `` Prime , '' but here finds a piece of material that 's a great fit for his macho , high-energy style - and could soon be the biggest hit of his career .
This welcome return by Boiler Room writer-director Ben Younger ca n't help but hit some familiar boxing picture notes but still rates as a vibrant addition to the genre .
If you ever yearned to see a version of ` Million Dollar Baby '' that has a completely feel-good last reel , this may be it .
It 's a story of strength that crumples ; a portrait of vitality that plays awfully flat .

@highlight

Bleed for This rises on the strength of Miles Teller 's starring performance to deliver a solid fact-based boxing drama that takes a few genre clichés on the chin but keeps on coming .