The entire film is quite funny , in fact , nothing like the sort of stuffy period piece it 's dressed up as .
Murray 's FDR dominates the film the way Roosevelt towered over American politics for a decade and a half . That 's not always a good thing , because the central character here is supposed to be FDR 's sixth cousin Daisy -LRB- Laura Linney -RRB- .
This pleasant drama offers little further insight but will help pass a Sunday afternoon nicely .
The casting of Bill Murray as Franklin Delano Roosevelt is just one of many quirks that makes -LSB- the film -RSB- the enjoyable diversion that it is .
It was not well reviewed but I was won over by the film 's gentle tone and Murray 's easy-going benevolence and paternal affection as FDR .
A tedious affair about a tedious affair .
The performances across the board are strong , but it 's Murray who 's most impressive .
-LSB- It -RSB- may have the look of a prestige picture , but it plays more like a version of FDR 's life as told by TMZ , focusing on naughty details and ignoring the historical implications of the events depicted .
The potentially sordid FDR-and-Daisy half of the drama is feebly unrewarding , bordering on pointless , and bogged down by ponderous narration .
An unconventional drama that succeeds despite an uneven plot .
The movie is all setting , nothing but plates and countrysides and old cars and absolutely nothing to say . It 's a real snore .
The possibilities are endless , but none of them are explored with any depth herein .
... you certainly could do worse than enjoy a fanciful little film about a gentle president , his supposedly homely lover and two twittish English people appalled by hot dogs . I just wish they 'd gone ahead and changed the names .
It 's been a long time since Lost in Translation -LRB- 2003 -RRB- , which is the last time Bill Murray did anything of real note in a film . Here he partially redeems the latter phase of his film career playing pre-war US President Franklin D. Roosevelt .
A delightful piece of historical speculation grounded in historical details and personal recollections that have continually been coming to light over the last seventy years ... Murray is terrific in the part - charming , at ease and cunning as a fox .
The issue of FDR 's fidelity remains a thorny topic for traditionalists and historians , never mind the light , fluffy - and ultimately disposable - version of events .
There is nothing stirring or sufficiently humorous to engage us ; the fact that a serving US President is having secret affairs no longer shocks
With the incongruous casting of Bill Murray as President Franklin D. Roosevelt , Richard Nelson 's screenplay concentrates on the personal , offering a somewhat voyeuristic view of the events leading up to the 1939 visit of King George
Even Murray , who never fails to be the most watchable actor in any film , ca n't prevent Hyde Park On Hudson from being too insipid .
It 's not the strongest premise for a movie , though Hyde Park on Hudson somehow contrives to make it seem rather less than the sum of its parts .
Apparently Franklin Delano Roosevelt 's polio paralysis did n't include everything below his waist . At least that 's the impression left by Hyde Park on Hudson , which paints the president as a horn dog in chief ... This is n't Lincoln , by a longshot .
When the central drama concerns whether the Royal Couple will eat hot dogs or not , you can tell it 's too slender a premise to hang on a film on .
FDR 's story is strikingly relevant to how Paralympians strive so hard today to correct our perception of ` disability ' .
Tedious PBS middle-brow fare , though not without a few amusing moments in this mostly forgettable historical pic .
It 's icky stuff , not helped by Murray giving perhaps the worst performance of his career . And I include Garfield 2 .
The film 's special success resides in the women 's hairdos .
Perhaps Hyde Park on Hudson would have been more edifying if it had n't been released in the wake of The King 's Speech .
When the story 's leading quartet have to negotiate embarrassing moments - a handjob for Roosevelt administered by Daisy in a bouncing car ; eating a hotdog at a picnic for Bertie and Liz - it 's Murray 's FDR who is most at ease in the sticky situations .
Inoffensive and insubstantial .
It 's a bit antimacassar and too reliant on superior production design and a syrupy score . But if you just watch the acting , it 's enough .
The breezy , entertaining tone of this historical comedy-drama kind of undermines the fact that it centres on one of the most pivotal moments in US-British history .
With such a strong cast , Hyde Park on Hudson should have offered so much more .
Despite the best efforts of its talented cast , Hyde Park on Hudson is trivial and novelettish .
The movie insists on an unearned sentimentality and nostalgia about a situation and a period that is never fully evoked or explored .
The film tinkles on affably , never quite sure of its focus but civilised , gentle , prettily-mannered .
Hyde Park on Hudson has precious little truck with reality , either historical or emotional : it 's a thin tale shot with a kind of manic cosiness that belies its slightly creepy plot .
There 's much of historical interest here , and it 's very well acted , if a little slow .
Watchable drama , heightened by a quartet of terrific performances from Murray , Williams , West and Colman , though the plot is ultimately rather slight and never really sparks to life .
Hyde Park is of fleeting interesting to a degree , but always feels like it is missing more exciting historical opportunities at the same time .
A frustrating , wasted opportunity , destined to remain in the shadow of its cinematic sibling .
It 's a lightweight , three-star way to kill a couple of hours if you 're at a loose end on that lazy bank holiday Sunday .
Somewhat uneven and ultimately underwhelming , but there 's plenty to admire and enjoy here nonetheless .
The whole endeavour feels like a hastily cobbled together attempt to cash in on the post-Oscars glory of The King 's Speech . In the end , it 's entirely forgettable .
Bill Murray is n't bad as the polio-afflicted 32nd commander in chief . The trouble is that the rest of the film goes adrift in its choices .
Disappointing given the talent and situation , dull as ditchwater and historically suspect ...
Ultimately , it 's just a pleasant little movie where the dramatic highlight is whether or not King George VI will bring himself to eat a hot dog .
Bill Murray proves a sound choice as the president who quietly battled polio . So too does Samuel West , as the stammering King George VI .
Whether it bears any resemblance to what actually happened is almost academic in a film that takes a precious moment in time and transforms it into a witty , civilised country house drama .
Like the equally ludicrous Hitchcock , Hyde Park on Hudson is a character assassination posing as a movie .
Bill Murray is rarely more than serviceable as FDR in a film that is built around a romance more icky than sweet .
The movie is most alive when Bill Murray 's Roosevelt and Samuel West 's King George VI retreat from the crowd and talk man to man .
FDR Is Happy
I enjoyed the movie for what it is , though I wish it had a better sense of itself .
The film bounces jauntily along , it 's never less than handsome to look at , and the actors all do fine jobs .
` The Day the King Ate a Hot Dog ' might be a more informative title for this wispy historical trifle ...
Splendidly splendid . Oscars all around : Murray , Linney , et al. .
A languid , tedious effort that never bothers to get to the heart of its characters , the film is a shallow reading of a significant time told mostly from the viewpoint of a lifeless character .
The film misses a choice opportunity to build a central story around its secondary one .
It 's a nearly impossibly tall order , but Murray makes it work with an ease that results in the movie-award year 's second-best performance as a U.S. president .
None of it is quite ridiculous enough to qualify as camp , nor weighty enough to qualify as insightful drama .
So devoid of any spark that it feels like watching someone 's boring vacation videos .
... Hyde Park on Hudson would 've fared a whole lot better had it focused entirely on Roosevelt and the King 's appealing exploits .
Bill Murray tries mightily to slide into the role of a great man , but it 's not a comfortable fit .
Murray disappears into his role as FDR , blending Lothario charm with professorial cool .
When Murray 's around , he 's the only hot dog in the room .
It 's never a bad movie , but it ca n't quite gel into a good one either .
`` Hyde Park '' lacks a solid focus . It juggles too many stories , so much so that it becomes a distraction and you quickly lose interest .
What an odd movie for someone to want to make .
Hyde Park on Hudson succeeds not in spite of , but largely because of , Murray 's endearing , if slightly unbelievable , performance as President Franklin D. Roosevelt .
Hyde Park on the Hudson ' is a forgettable historical footnote .
Modern day follow-up to Sunrise At Campobello ... awkwardly grafted on follow-up to King 's Speech -LSB- that -RSB- seems exaggerated ... with winking FDR -LSB- and -RSB- insular view of Eleanor .
The movie hinges on Murray 's turn as FDR , and frankly , he comes up wanting . He looks and sounds nothing like the man , and barely makes an effort to rectify that .
The mix works , thanks to Murray . In a presidential mode , he creates tension and then effortlessly diffuses it . He 's also a great comedian , working the room and turning everyone around to his side . He 's got my vote .
Murray is delightful with the right patrician panache coupled with an effortless , even endearing , talent for politics
The storytelling is so uneven that our interests are never rooted .
A smaller work than a great president deserved
The biggest issue with `` Hyde Park on Hudson '' is that it does n't really have a point of view and therefore nothing is really at stake .
As a piece of drama , Hyde Park on Hudson is as slight as Bill Murray 's performance is weighty .
Essentially , Hyde Park on Hudson is a Shakespearean revel .
Murray 's spot-on portrayal of a man juggling myriad pressures and demands , from petty to momentous , marks one of the film 's greatest strengths .
Murray gives a beautifully subtle , complex and fully immersed performance as the President whose paralysis gave him a deeper understanding and sense of purpose .
This is n't the worst film of the year , but it 's definitely inadequate filmmaking . Murray gives a cartoonish performance and the film has no focus .
The significance of the historic meeting between Franklin Delano Roosevelt and King George VI ... can not go unnoticed , except , apparently , by Hyde Park on Hudson .
Decent in spurts . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
There 's an alliance of interesting stories fighting for dominance here , but instead of a clear victory , `` Hyde Park on Hudson '' is the site of a muddled truce .
Successfully undertakes a challenging story with a welcome detachment , preferring to focus on the characters , not the larger fallout from their actions .
By all rights `` Hyde Park on Hudson '' should be a slyly funny treat . It is , in places - but it 's also strangely flat , as if screenwriter Richard Nelson lost interest somewhere along the way .
Roger Michell 's brightly lit film turns America 's 32nd president from world statesman into naughty codger , quite the fall from grace for the man who led his country through the Great Depression and the Second World War .
Just think of it as a movie about a friendly , sick old man who can be quite a handful , and put the real FDR out of your mind .
Casting Murray as FDR may feel like a gamble or a stunt at first , but after a few minutes the rightness of the choice is inarguable .
-LSB- A -RSB- middlebrow , middleweight and middling project ...
A deceptively subtle portrayal in which the mostly deadpan comic star disappears beneath the pince-nez and the snappy brim of a presidential fedora , Murray offers a fascinating glimpse into a complex and charismatic figure ...
I do n't know if I 've ever seen a movie as spectacularly tone-deaf as `` Hyde Park on Hudson . ''
They 're a fun bunch , these Roosevelts and their friends . But even in this crowd , fun 's just not enough .
Most of the time it feels like an SNL sketch with all the punchlines removed .
Michell is both too ambitious in the story he tries to tell and not ambitious enough in the way he tells it .
Let 's put it this way : There 's a reason `` Hyde Park on Hudson '' is named after an evocative place rather than any of the people in it .
When it was all over , I would have given Murray a hand but based on the evidence supplied here , it seems as if I would have had to wait in line for a while .
There 's nary a hint of sparkle or fizz in -LSB- this -RSB- sour comedy of manners .
Makes Lincoln look like Skyfall .
Murray , who has a wider range than we sometimes realize , finds the human core of this FDR and presents it tenderly .
As it stands , Hyde Park on Hudson is hobbled as a whole by poor focus and inconsistent tone and characterization . This is not a disaster by any means , but given the talent involved , it is certainly a disappointment .
Pretty soapy -- and not even a very exciting soap opera . But perhaps a less-than-stellar Masterpiece Theatre production would be a better comparison .
This is a cool , collected , concise film - to its detriment .
Instead of skipping along , the movie plods : instead of opening up these people , it pins them under glass and watches emptily as they wriggle .
Bill Murray 's performance provides the film with an unexpectedly strong emotional anchor .
Other than some of the King George/FDR interactions I felt like this movie was little more than a silly soap opera .
Hyde Park on Hudson is a disappointingly bland mix of drama and comedy that never comes close to gelling .
This is a slow , niche film , but Murray delivers an award-caliber performance and for the right crowd , this is a worthy investment .
An aimless , mind-numbing prestige picture with uneasy undertones it seems desperate to deny .
Granted , it 's not Eleanor Roosevelt 's movie , but the focus on F.D.R. 's secret friend , Daisy , and her efforts to comprehend what she takes for greatness , soon looks more quaint than persuasive .
It 's unfortunate that all this film has to offer ... is one great audition scene for aspiring actors , and the most awkward romantic moment in years .
After a while you forget you 're watching Bill Murray , which is no small feat .
Michell manages to wring the requisite mixture of pathos and mirth from the confab .
Presidential drama is well acted but short on passion .
It 's simultaneously an enlightening historical account and a softhearted comedy of manners , and you wish director Roger Michell had gone one way or the other .
-LRB- Murray -RRB- erases any trace of his own comically morose persona and gives us a kind old uncle figure . Hardly a fair trade in my opinion .
There 's little to take away from `` Hyde Park '' apart from Bill Murray 's electrifying performance as Roosevelt
`` Hyde Park on Hudson '' does n't dig deep enough into the man , or his women , to be a great film .
Basically a frothy tabloid take on presidential history . And for my money , that 's a good thing in a season filled with puffed-up prestige pictures .
Hyde Park on Hudson is sadly little more than one good performance in search of a movie .
British director Roger Michell and screenwriter Richard Nelson present a major historical event ... but wrap it in the stifling P.O.V. of Daisy , a character of no interest other than her luck at having been thrust into this setting .
As Hyde Park on Hudson bumbles its way through its sluggish 94-minute runtime , it becomes increasingly clear just how bland it is for a film featuring such colorful personalities .
Take a step back in time to visit the home of FDR and Eleanor , but have a cup of coffee , first .
A presidential mistress makes a good window into events of worldwide importance .
Though he has competition , especially from the folks playing the visiting royals , Murray is very much the reason to see `` Hyde Park . ''
I wish I could say that Bill Murray 's performance as FDR was so wonderful it transcended the material , but the truth is that Murray 's character never fully emerges from the fog .
A small film that , for all its considerable charm , miniaturizes its hero in the process of humanizing him .
It 's up to Murray to carry the film , which he does with stately calm .
In Hyde Park , actor and character share an evasive cunning beneath the hail-fellow-well-met charm that made Roosevelt such a hit with the press and the public .
A romance that grows out of admiration over a stamp collection is about as boring as it sounds .
Even if this were n't a year when Daniel Day Lewis ' turn as Abraham Lincoln was thrilling audiences and critics alike , this performance would n't rank among Murray 's most memorable work .
Despite the clear emotional and political stakes in the balance , `` Hyde Park '' plays like a diverting anecdote and nothing more .
Critics expecting something along the lines of Spielberg 's dreadful `` Lincoln '' were bound to be disappointed but if you are looking for something more like Woody Allen -LRB- but funnier -RRB- you will love this .
` Hyde Park on Hudson ' is one of the most bizarrely muddled prestige pictures in recent memory .
The relationship between FDR and Daisy seems to dominate the emotional landscape of this film , rendering it mundane . . when it turns its attention to the soap-operatic romance .
Hyde Park On Hudson depicts Roosevelt as a boozy adulterer , but it nevertheless tilts heavily towards hagiography .
Roosevelt was one of the towering figures of the 20th century , but he and his accomplishments scarcely register in this amorphous , bafflingly aimless movie .
I quite enjoyed `` Hyde Park on Hudson '' while I was watching it , but ultimately it feels like a minor picture on purpose , as if it had been deliberately designed to be everybody 's second - or third-choice holiday film .
If there are two things this movie teaches us that FDR liked , it was his stamp collection and booty -LRB- martinis are probably a close third -RRB- .
A dismal misfire , Hyde Park on Hudson could have been a spoof of a period prestige film , had it a little more energy and humor .
Instead of focusing on FDR as a president , this movie gives up half its length to tawdry soap opera .
We can accept that F.D.R. was a charming cad , but if he were n't a great deal more than that there would be no reason to put him at the center of a movie .
Part bedroom farce and part sordid tell-all , Hyde Park on Hudson never establishes a convincing tone .
Funny , believable , historic and hugely entertaining .
It 's dispiriting that a film about the romantic life of Franklin D. Roosevelt , who cultivated a small coterie of mistresses , should exhibit so little interest in what engaged its hero ...
A very strange prestige picture .
King George 's perpetual stutter is a drolly exploited plot point , as in 2010 's awards-sweeping The King 's Speech , as well as the pathos-ridden focus of the film 's best scene , in which FDR boosts the monarch 's confidence with a homespun story over cigars .
Hyde Park on Hudson always goes back to ... a vapid core idea that only offers the filmmakers an opportunity to shoot dynamic driving scenes through scenic upstate New York .
Bill Murray winningly portrays Roosevelt with sly understatement and assured authority
An unseemly look at the private life of one of America 's most revered commanders-in-chief .
Could have easily been a movie just about the relationship between the President and the King of England -- it would have been much better movie , even if it would still feel like one we 've seen before .
`` Hyde Park on Hudson '' feels like two-thirds of a movie .
A regal , stately biopic about , oddly enough , the politics of eating a hot dog , that 's underwritten and poorly cast .
As a patchwork of historical fact and anecdotal evidence , it is at least very colourful .
Everything ... concerning the royals -- portrayed with grace , aplomb , and resolute humanity by the wonderful Samuel West and the goddesslike Olivia Colman -- is fantastic . It 's very much the sequel to The King 's Speech ...
More a King 's Speech footnote than a sequel , Park only flies when Bill 's centre stage .
The film keeps drifting back to the dalliance between the cousins , and Daisy , while kindly , lacks a dynamic persona , an eccentric nature , or a wit to relish . When she 's on screen , you often ca n't wait until Eleanor Roosevelt or Bertie pop in again .
A witty dramady revolving around FDR and bubbling over with witty lines , colorful characters , and a hot dog picnic .
Brushing aside the calculations of the story with sheer believability and the unwavering force of his sardonic humanity , Bill Murray delivers one of the most astonishing , rewarding performances of the year .
The filmmakers bite off far more than they 're able to chew , resulting in an odd blend of touched-upon topics .
Director Roger Michell 's movie is , pretty consistently , dreadful .
It appears that something magical is going to happen . But then it does n't . It 's all setting and no story , all beauty and no humanity ...
Linney is terrific , and Murray , too , but he does n't shy in showing that , in some respects , Roosevelt was as much the product of an earlier age as his buttoned-up house guests .
A movie in desperate search of a point , despite a good concept and colorful cast .
Bill Murray as FDR ? It takes a few minutes to get used to , but once he settles into the role of the 32nd president , the idiosyncratic comic actor does a wonderfully jaunty job of it ...

@highlight

Though bolstered by a thoroughly charming performance by Bill Murray in the central role , Hyde Park on Hudson is an FDR biopic that lets down both its audience and its subject .