But this amateurish , ultimately poorly argued documentary is n't likely to convert many of those on the fence on this issue .
In The Cartel , New Jersey public schools are an example of what 's going wrong in U.S. school systems generally , despite a `` spending explosion . ''
... you will more likely find yourself annoyed by this documentary 's similarity to a series of television segments pasted together and stretched out to 90 minutes ...
You may not agree with the solutions offered in The Cartel but it 's impossible not to be outraged at the corruption on display .
Anyone who gets a thrill out of town meetings may salivate at what Bowdon throws at viewers , which is all statistics and wonkery .
With its clunky chalkboard chapters and a parade of static talking heads too often repeating the filmmaker 's underlying theme of political corruption and union myopia , it 's a C theatrical experience . Maybe a C + for right intentions .
The film -- for which Bowdon directed , wrote , narrated , produced , operated a camera , composed music and sang -- spends a little too much time on static shots of flickering computer screens filled with gray text , and it has the look of cheap video .
If it played on New Jersey TV , I bet The Cartel would open some eyes , but as Bowdon tries to parlay a very local issue into a nationally released movie , it 's more likely to close them .
The question , `` Is our children learning , '' has never seemed a more appropriate statement for the state of education in the United States .
There are plenty of legitimate grievances here , but like Michael Moore at his pushiest , Bowdon often undermines his own argument with obvious factual cherry-picking .
Bowdon believes fervently in school choice , and brings his argument to theaters at a time when the tectonic plates in the stratified debate are shifting violently .
Bowdon makes an insufferable first impression , and his movie often looks as if it were shot with a camera-phone -LRB- for good measure , he includes actual camera-phone footage , which admittedly looks worse than his -RRB- .
Bowdon makes a compelling argument against the defensive maneuvers of teachers ' unions and in favor of vouchers and charter schools , but his documentary is no exercise in free-market cant .
Watching this film , you 'd think that most public schools were Mafia-run slaughterhouses and most charter schools were urban academies with high success rates . Bowdon barely mentions the religiosity and profit motive behind some charter schools .
It makes no sense to approach a nationwide issue with such a limited focus .
The topic may be urgent , and the fallout heartbreaking , but this clumsy treatment barely passes .
After ninety minutes of charts , graphs , and tearful testimony , we get the point .
Director Bob Bowdon is in the Michael Moore mold , except his Gotcha ! style of filmmaking is more likely to be supported by facts .
It 's all talking heads , clanging music , substandard graphics , long scans of headlines and Bowdon 's heavily cadenced voiceovers .
Purports to be a documentary about the American public school system . In reality , however , it 's a bludgeoning rant against a single state .
The doc has won a host of awards at film festivals and it is a policy wonk 's dream of a movie , but it is dry , statistic-laden viewing that is unlikely to attract much attention beyond education circles .
Forceful diatribe against public education in NJ that sometimes rises to the level of a useful and colorful , if noisy and slanted , case study for the national debate .
Few documentaries have covered such an important matter so convincingly and with such clarity .
Bowdon moves beyond statistics to discover how the sorry condition of his state 's public schools came to be .
The Cartel makes a persuasive argument for vouchers and magnet schools , but its case might be a little stronger if Bowdon did n't appear to be frothing at the mouth with indignation much of the time .
One man 's rant for privatizing public education , uncomplicated by the thorny issues of curriculum reform or classroom practices
Bowden 's strength as a documentarist is more evident in the patience and logic with which he makes an argument for a state and a system in desperate need of reform .
Veteran TV anchor Bob Bowdon 's feature debut has all the intricate nuance of an evening newscast ; its analysis is heavy on diagnosis but simplistic when it comes to the cure , as well as woefully ignorant of racial and fiscal complications .
A damning documentary exposé about how America 's -- specifically New Jersey 's -- public education system serves its employees first , its students second .
The Cartel does what good reporters are supposed to do : follow the money .

@highlight

Director Bob Bowdon may make some strong points in The Cartel , but they 're drowned out by his grating screen presence and amateurish filmmaking .