A definitive statement about how the movies have distorted our perceptions of this city 's architectural , cultural and historical identity . .
Blends a complex kaleidoscopic portrait of the city and a powerful work of film criticism with Andersen 's personal story of living in Los Angeles .
This unusual brainy pic acts to show , in a provocative way , how Hollywood transforms a fiction film into a documentary .
Andersen 's inspired ruminations about his city as a filming location and as a repository for other filmmakers ' daydreams and nightmares .
Ten years on , we can finally call this film a classic . It 's an unparalleled work of social and cultural study . The new , remastered cut means it looks better than ever .
One of the great films of the century to date , poignant and affecting .
CalArts professor Thom Andersen poured a lifetime of moviegoing -LRB- and his own complex affection for the city he calls home -RRB- into this revelatory two-part documentary , a film that trains you to look at things askew .
The doc bears repeated viewing , even when one winces at some of Andersen 's assertions .
Arguably the best movie about movies ever made .
Using well-chosen clips from roughly 200 films , many of them obscure , Andersen makes a powerful and impassioned case for reassessing his beloved city .
An ultimate movie clip junkie film , a video store fantasy with a pulse and a brain .
An ingenious , if somewhat dry and overlong , account of how the movies have depicted the various textures , tensions and ambiguities that make up the City of Angels .
It 's like being squired through town by a wisecracking cabbie with a PhD in semiotics .
... as provocative a movie as I 've seen in the last couple years ...
-LSB- A -RSB- passionate call for a more accurate account of the diverse struggles , hopes , and joys to be found throughout the city of angels .
Its formidable intellectual heft aside , there 's great pleasure to be had in just looking at this guided tour of L.A , fact and fiction .
Brilliantly discursive , filled with intriguing detours that follow connections only the director 's mind could make , Los Angeles Plays Itself , will please natives of this city more than any other .
Three words of advice to those who have n't yet seen it : Run , do n't walk .
Watching this film is like spending an evening with a prickly , opinionated , thoughtful cineaste friend -- one who has a vast stock of DVDs at the ready .
The commentary alternates between witty insight and opinionated bunk , but it 's always fun -- and a must-see for movie buffs .
The film creates a revolutionary lens through which the movies ' relationship to Los Angeles will never look the same .
I will dispense with my objections by saying that , with so much on his mind , Andersen sometimes organizes the work in the manner of a saloon orator : ` And another thing . ' Apart from that , though , I like pretty much everything he 's done .
An intellectually rigorous but enjoyable essay on the way the city of angels has become Hollywood 's favourite location .
The sheer scope is astonishing , as is the fact that even after nearly three hours we do n't want it to end !
Absorbing and revelatory , this is film criticism of the highest order .
Required DVD viewing for anyone interested in the cinema of L.A. -- its ` look , ' its politics , its lies -LRB- both artistic and inartistic -RRB- -- as well as for the director 's pervasively judgmental tone .
A terrific cinematic essay that will have a very , very long shelf life .
Andersen 's key accomplishment is to profoundly alter the viewer 's assumptions of what is good in movies .
I think -LSB- Andersen 's -RSB- attitude is prudish , even a bit loopy , yet maybe it took a cracked Los Angeles fetishist to make a chronicle of pop geography as obsessively entertaining as this one .
A windfall for serious film fanatics , the documentary is a visually rich , highly personal and opinionated meditation on the role that Los Angeles has played in film history and in a multitude of features .
Addressing the interplay of reality and representation in the city 's geography , architecture , political history and omnipresent film culture , Andersen 's movie is enormous in scope yet thoroughly engaging .
What Andersen does best is capture the sense of growing up and living among the landmarks of Hollywood 's authentic back lot .
Smart , funny , stimulating .
We see a scene of the hilltop ` Hollywood ' letters crumbling in flames , and it 's more like a joke than a tragedy . So much for the soul of Los Angeles .
Andersen 's idiosyncratic , three-hour masterpiece is both a dazzling work of film criticism and a fascinating piece of urban anthropology centered on the one city on earth where one could be mistaken for the other .
Los Angeles Plays Itself , Alexander 's sprawling and incisive meditation on the many uses and abuses of the city of L.A. in the movies , may be the unlikeliest great movie of the year .
Alas , Andersen -- a longtime academic -- often says far too much , and in typically stultifying , grad - school language .
So terrifically entertaining , it would be a shame if it did n't inspire a companion piece on New York .
Mr. Andersen takes movies involving his hometown as his subject , his source of evidence , and the target of a thought-provoking if sometimes crabby indictment .
An essay in film form with near-universal interest and a remarkable degree of synthesis .
A superbly constructed history lesson , and perhaps the realization of a life spent gearing up for such a task , this should be a documentary work preserved for the ages .




@highlight

A treat for cinephiles , this documentary is a comprehensive , academic , and enlightening film essay concerning Los Angeles and its depiction in the movies .