... `` Presenting Princess Shaw '' is a film that may be better served on the small screen .
The film , which had a brief theatrical release last year , is a feel-good story for the age of viral video .
We ca n't get Princess Shaw 's voice and tunes out of our heads , but it 's the sadness that hooks us . She 's a princess in pain , and Presenting Princess Shaw puts that pain on a throne .
An inspiring biopic about a woman struggling to survive , but who has the strength to bare her soul on the internet , and the talent and perseverance to rise above her poverty and her tragic past .
Wonderful feel-good story .
This is a brilliant documentary . Completely fascinating and inspiring .
Chicago-born singer-composer Samantha Montgomery , aka Princess Shaw , seeks personal and artistic validation in this affecting documentary .
It 's a millennial twist on `` American Idol , '' with the subjects and filmmaker each using technology to produce something new and astounding .
Meaningful and showcases a kinder side to YouTubers than what 's usually found on the site , helping Haar create his portrait of an unusual and thoroughly modern professional and spiritual awakening .
Struggling singer finds YouTube fame in moving documentary .
You may leave the film concerned about both Shaw 's future and her past , but for 90 minutes or so , the present is glorious .
No better than what you 'd expect to find on American Idol and The Voice , both of which are a lot more upfront in their cynicism .
An inspiring , enjoyable - and utterly stage-managed - documentary from Israeli director Ido Haar .
Just when you were about to give up on the Internet as a swamp full of trolls , bullies , and liars , along comes a documentary like Ido Haar 's `` Presenting Princess Shaw . ''
Shaw is a complex character and an underdog worth rooting for .
And how much of the marionette-like tug you feel leading up to that pay-off will color how you view this exercise in big-screen D.I.Y. wish-granting .
The film is a reminder that the Internet has a good side , a connective power above and beyond the haze of ignorance and hate that seems to permeate it these days . We could probably use a little more of that reminding .
Ido Haar 's documentary Presenting Princess Shaw is joyous and uplifting , but also blurs the line between documentary and docudrama a great deal .
-LSB- Documentaries -RSB- impose order on chaotic experience , structure narratives , conjure viewing pleasures . Presenting Princess Shaw simultaneously exposes and obscures this process .
A hymn to self-reliance - although bolstered with a modest amount of plain old luck .
An uplifting , modern-day musical fairy tale that -- in addition to telling a crowd-pleasing story -- proves that dreams really , truly can come true .
It is a film McLuhan scholars and Warhol devotees will have a field day with , but it will outlive such in-the-now analysis because of the resonance of Shaw 's life experiences .
Princess , as a singer , is the real deal , with a throaty resonance that at times recalls Nina Simone .
It 's a pretty involving piece of storytelling , and because Princess Shaw herself is such an immediately engaging , sympathetic , and inspiring figure .
With a unique narrative conceit and a highly root-worthy underdog at its center , the movie stands apart as a kind of feel-good , audio-visual experiment .
We all know about the expanding musical universe made possible by YouTube , but rarely has its artistic potential been explored in a movie with the inspirational appeal of Ido Haar 's new documentary , `` Presenting Princess Shaw . ''
There are many scenes in ` Presenting Princess Shaw ' so strong , so genuinely moving you can forgive that it 's wildly unethical .
In this trolling-heavy era , `` Presenting Princess Shaw '' is a refreshingly positive ode to the power of the Internet to bring far-flung artists together and change lives in the process .
This film barely brushes up against the many , many issues it raises , but those conversations can be had in the lobby , after the pleasure of watching an underappreciated artist finally get her due .
Ido Haar 's globe-straddling crowd-pleaser of a doc Presenting Princess Shaw showcases real footage of the key moments of the story it 's telling . That 's a joy and a thrill .
Seeing Samantha 's face as recognition of her voice against the music clicks is one of the year 's most memorable cinematic moments .
Let 's just hope that Princess Shaw is able to turn the corner with the help of this uplifting biopic and Kutiman 's mashups of her soulful ballads .
The peculiar circumstances of the documentary necessitate more transparency than the filmmaker is willing to offer .
Given the Disney-worthy trajectory her life takes over the course of Ido Haar 's tight , 80-minute documentary , it 's fitting that 39-year-old Samantha Montgomery picked `` Princess '' as her stage name .
The emotional connection we develop with her as the movie unfolds pays off in the final 20 minutes , which is about as happy of an ending as anyone could imagine , except this one really happened . Sometimes , good things happen to good people .
Most people will find Thru You Princess inspirational . A few will find it infuriating . But that 's frequently the case with a good documentary .
As he threads together live recordings of instruments with layers of guitarists , percussionists and many others , Kutiman 's creativity becomes a fluid process .
Marking a refreshing break from the usually depressing rise-and-fall trajectories of so many music-themed documentaries , Israeli director Ido Haar 's Thru You Princess is a pure positivity .
Engaging and somewhat inspiring , speaking to the randomness of discovery and success - an inescapable fact of show business that will , as ever , discourage some and spark the hopes of others .
A moving look at how the human spirit and technology can intersect to produce art .

@highlight

Presenting Princess Shaw works as a uniquely uplifting look at internet stardom -- and a compelling glimpse of an artist whose gifts transcend the medium .