It 's a satisfying piece of genre filmmaking and an underrated American crime story ...
Told in nearly real-time 16 Blocks stops and starts , putting in buffers for decent character moments between Jack and Eddie . It 's necessary to understand why they do what they do , but it makes what they 're doing occasionally dull .
16 Blocks is a good watch thanks to the performances of Bruce Willis and Mos Def .
B-movie done with shrewd aplomb
At its heart , this is actually an excellent film . But , as filmmakers seek to escalate the big action , believability suffers severely .
There 's a fine line between old-fashioned and cliched .
The most high-octane action -- pyrotechnics , fisticuffs , gunplay , car crashes , back alley dashes and fire escape leaps -- ever crammed into a pressure-cooked chase lasting less than a mile .
The action is fast paced and the story throws in a couple of twists to keep you on your toes .
El oficio del director Richard Donner convierte a este policial de rutina en un digno entretenimiento . Ni más ni menos .
Willis and Def are wonderful ... Donner -LRB- Lethal Weapon -RRB- unleashes a tight , effective yarn
The story has been cobbled together from familiar elements ; however , it arranges these elements in ways that are occasionally surprising , and in ways that accord nicely with Christian ideas about sin , repentance and redemption .
Richard Donner -LRB- Superman , Lethal Weapon/s -RRB- is a respected old pro who knows how to make an action movie that delivers thrills and maybe something to chew on as well .
Willis salvages what is essentially a routine thriller and elevates it to something worth watching .
The movie pays off generously and just as expected .
A happier surprise is the smart work of director Richard Donner : 16 Blocks is all jumble and jangle-crowds , snarled traffic , and discordant car horns .
A solid , bare-knuckle action-thriller from Richard Lethal Weapon Donner that avoids most of the genre 's clichés and boasts a commendably dishevelled performance from Willis , as a washed-up NYPD flatfoot dissolving in self-loathing .
Fast-paced , tense and intermittently exciting , Donner 's latest will keep genre fans engaged with its polished blend of tried and tested elements .
Willis has been playing slight variations on this role for years now , and though the films do n't get better , his performances do .
Clunky , solid , enjoyable .
It 's like those cartoon chase sequences where the scrolling background is on a loop . Here , the characters are on a loop , and the backgrounds change .
16 Blocks can happily sit alongside Inside Man as an example of a well-made , superbly-acted , intelligent thriller . More of these , please .
Em seus melhores momentos , lembra alguns dos filmes policiais mais cínicos dos anos 70 ; nos piores , parece os exemplares do gênero mais inofensivos e escapistas dos anos 90 .
The movie is n't good enough for him , but all the same -LSB- David -RSB- Morse manages to give as fine a performance as the material allows . Finer .
This is such solid filmmaking that even the plot improbabilities and too-steady pace do n't ruin it .
Mos Def ... truly shines . When he subtly shows us the flickers of fear licking around the edges of his funny , non-stop monologue ... he 's a man in touch with a talent that should take him far .
The film works overall with enough suspense and speed to make up for its few faults ...
While the movie does n't do anything much to refresh the standard formula ... Willis , Mos Def , and director Donner make the formula work
Better than expected but still just OK ... if you need some air conditioning and V for Vendetta is sold out -LRB- as it should be -RRB- , you could do much worse than this movie for a little fun .
Filled with compelling , old-school thrills .
-LSB- Richard Donner 's -RSB- polished , gusto-filled movie has ... a juicy full-steam-ahead quality that never flags . It earns the right to be called vastly entertaining .
16 Blocks does stretch credulity at times . But ... you overlook some of its more outlandish facets until you are in the lobby and reflecting on what you saw .
Richard Donner still has it .
The film is entertaining enough .
Thanks to a compact story and some economical direction , it actually ends up better than it has any right to be .
Works as a throwback to the `` B '' flicks of yore , when an unflagging pace , a few dollops of humor and a couple of sharply etched characterizations were enough to justify a matinee ticket .
For the dull and preposterous 95 minutes of 16 Blocks , audiences are sentenced to Willis playing a boozy burn-out and a nasal-voiced Def doing his imitation of Porky Pig .
A quick-moving thriller where the characters ' stories and motivations unfold as the plot does .
a polished , professional , by-the-book approach to the improving real-time plot strategy .
`` 16 Blocks ' lacks a couple of vital elements : action , and chemistry between its lead characters .
The final confrontation in this well-executed thriller is a model for good cop/bad cop movie encounters .
Willis and Def -- funny even if he overdoes the whiny shrieking -- are a terrific team .
Is there anything Mos Def ca n't do ? Apparently not . Here he is onscreen in two theaters this week .
16 Blocks builds a persuasive world of corrupt cops , hidden vice and desperate scrambling , and sustains that vision for longer than you 'd expect .
A tired-looking Bruce Willis plods his way through this tired-looking rag-bag of cliches churned out by the apparently also-tired director Richard Donner .
Bruce tries hard but this is no die hard
Crooked cops , sketchy crooks and Bruce Willis as a washed-up detective -- this one has seen-it-before down to a science .
-LSB- G -RSB- oes all the way around from snark to serious , starts out like it 's gon na rag on Die Hard and ends up being way more thoughtful and actually even sorta solemn about dirty cops , systemic corruption , and how damn exhausting New York City can be .
Willis , last on screen in Sin City , put a rock in his shoe so he would n't forget that his broken man-character has a limp . His real crutch , though , is the boozed-up , flawed hero .
I thought this film is one long corny cliché .
16 Blocks is a simple , character-driven piece that should keep matinee crowds highly entertained .
Mos Def plays opposite Willis , a.k.a. ` Mos Bald ' in a thriller that stretches for 16 Blocks and 105 unholy minutes .
Except for the irritating , whiny accent adopted by Mos Def , this is a high-tempo , grandly-entertaining chase film with good character development by Bruce Willis .
Enjoyable enough so that it is possible to forgive the many plot holes in the script .
Rapper/actor/poet Mos Def is delightful as Eddie , instilling an amusing naiveté that charms both Jack and the audience right away .
Other actors should learn a thing or two from Willis and start acting their age .
Richard Donner 's latest buddy-action flick is thick with wrong decisions .
Unfortunately , Donner has run out of ammunition with his latest hedonistic handcuff actioner 16 Blocks ... a tired and derivative take on the `` weary cop syndrome '' .
It 's all pretty mediocre stuff .
Predictable ? Well sure , it was made in Hollywood and the general public likes movies that have neat little endings , preferably with cake and ice cream all around , but it is entertaining .
The film 's saving grace is n't that its plot is particularly unpredictable , it 's that -LSB- director Richard -RSB- Donner and screenwriter Richard Wenk give the actors time to put some flesh on their characters ' bones .
It 's a taut escapist tale - and not until afterwards do you realize how absurd the concept is with its contrived , clock-ticking deadline .
Hiding among all the uniforms and bullets , it turns out , is an actors ' movie , and two actors more than capable of hitting their marks .
Another urban action thriller that 's better than some , worse than most and so forgettable that it 's possible to forget it while watching it .
16 Blocks never makes much sense of its crammed geography or gives the actors more than generic options .
When a 97-minute film seems protracted , there are script problems .
gritty .
Though it aims higher than the average cop thriller , 16 Blocks rarely rises above its far-fetched plot and wham-bang mayhem .
16 Blocks is a police procedural in the change-your-life spirit of Oprah . And I say this with the deepest respect for both genres .
One can turn off one 's brain , suspend disbelief , and have one heck of a good time .
The movie is not likely to do much for the image of New York 's finest , but it 's an improbably entertaining ` B , ' elevated by Willis ' muted performance as the gone-to-seed cop and Mos Def 's unexpectedly comic turn as the chatterbox witness .
-LSB- Richard -RSB- Donner can direct this sort of thriller in his sleep , but he squanders the movie 's sense of urgency for little acting or screen-writing indulgences .
16 Blocks has a sweaty , weary , often intimate feel , with the human aspect dominating the mechanistic .
Getting anywhere in New York gridlock can take forever , especially when you 're following Bruce Willis in a cookie-cutter action thriller .
The actors seem to have inspired the hack director Richard Donner and the cat-and-mouse game is much grittier than one would expect from the creator of the Lethal Weapon series .
16 Blocks is the best of this trio -LSB- of recent crooked cop movies , including Dirty and Running Scared -RSB- , thanks to the winning performances of its stars -- a restrained Bruce Willis and a very likable Mos Def .
This noisy , formulaic film turns out to be immediately forgettable , except for the parts that are so ridiculous they leave you shaking your head in wonder hours later .
Oh , no , there 's nothing formulaic about 16 Blocks , not at all .
Mos Def 's channelling of Flava Flav is questionable , but entertaining ... so is the film .
Unlike the usual dirty cop thriller , 16 Blocks patiently develops into a straightforward drama without useless love interests or improbable twists .
It 's a fine B-movie set-up , and for the first 45 minutes or so , -LSB- director Richard -RSB- Donner keeps things properly nerve-jangling , using a shaky hand-held camera and a cacophony of blaring sounds to put you on edge .
16 Blocks fails to impress as either an action film or a buddy movie . Almost every effect it reaches for falls short .
Its dialogue is sassy , its plotting is taut -LRB- maybe too taut , as key segues are AWOL -RRB- , but 16 Blocks has more on the brain than mere distraction . It aims to save souls .
While 16 Blocks may be two blocks and three left-hand turns too long , it 's still one sturdy cop thriller , filled with grit , corruption , action and redemption and fueled by strong performances from Bruce Willis , Mos Def and David Morse .
The Lethal Weapon movies were all about charismatic actors breathing life into stock characters . That does n't happen with Willis and Def .
16 Blocks only gets more ludicrous and contrived as it goes along .
16 Blocks emerges from the seasonal shadows to provide a fair measure of entertainment .
It 's the clamor and weak script that make it feel like a flatfoot trying to chase down a better movie .
Donner exerts just enough effort to get this job done , but not enough to achieve anything close to excellence .
In the end it 's not the predictable action but the lack of chemistry and camaraderie that sinks 16 Blocks .
Many of the plot devices are hokey , and all are familiar . Yet the filmmakers never lose their grip , and the time-conscious storytelling reminded me of the equally taut , sweaty Phone Booth .
Deftly directed by action veteran Richard Donner , 16 Blocks drops the viewer directly into the action , which relies on the element of surprise -- no small feat given today 's genre-savvy audiences .
16 Blocks feels like a remake of Clint Eastwood 's The Gauntlet . The Gauntlet was exciting nonsense . 16 Blocks is just dutiful , until all the duty crowds out any fun .
When -LSB- Bruce Willis -RSB- tries - as he did in Sin City and does here - he really can be a strong actor .
Decent cop-crime-thriller gets ambitious and loses all the goodwill it built up with its brainless action sequences .
Time and again , it paints its heroes into a series of fascinating corners , only to set them free with uninspired and compulsory waves of its hand .
They do n't blossom , however , and all Donner and company can bring to life is a solid ` good , ' and while that 's sure to be more than enough for the majority who see I still wanted more .
No one can dismiss 16 Blocks as a mere formula flick -- it 's a mere two or three formula flicks all fighting for top billing .
Sadly , it 's not human and gritty enough that we 'll take anything away from it after the neatly tied-up climax and epilogue play themselves out and the credits roll .
No wonder the trip takes so long : 16 Blocks insists on taking only the most heavily travelled routes .
This is a dour , colorless depiction of the city , skipping urban realism for some kind of heightened action ennui .
the quieter scenes far outweigh the noisier ones
tight and fast paced ... the first decent action movie of 2006 .
-LSB- Willis -RSB- plays an alcoholic , washed up , has-been cop down on his luck ... again
Oy vey is this wafer-thin entertainment ...
Calling 16 Blocks a bad film is selling it short . It 's often truly awful . .
The grabber premise of trying to evade a cordon of enemies to transport a man just 16 blocks runs low on ingenuity at the halfway point , bogging down in a too-familiar hostage standoff .
16 Blocks had me , then it lost me -- and how .
Donner could have put up a large ticking red timer in the top right corner of the screen and the only tension derived would still be waiting for the cigarette burns to appear .
I usually like Mos Def , but he makes Eddie sound like Huggy Bear from some 1970 's film or a rejected Dave Chappelle Show skit .
16 Blocks is a cozy , spry little humdinger , returning Donner to material that nurtures his confidence , and offers a limited location he can get creative with .
Short on words and long on action , Richard Donner 's adrenaline-spiked action flick is a compendium of familiar genre components .
16 Blocks is carelessly executed and dramatically contrived , but , like Willis , is determined to get the job done .
People who go to action movies want to see action , while people who go to character dramas want the characters to be deeper and more interesting than these ones .
It 's like the cops say : Move along , nothing to see here .
This is a sturdy little cop thriller , and even when it stretches the bounds of plausibility , you go with it , partly because you believe -- almost against your better judgment -- in what the characters are doing .
-LSB- Donner -RSB- keeps the flick clipping at a shotgun pace and provides enough popcorn-pleasure moments that you forgive most of the plot problems .
The film 's depiction of a defeated man summoning the moral courage to address his past is , satisfyingly , more '70s than '80s .
Whatever the initial motivation , Def 's performance runs dangerously close to nudging our sympathies toward the bad guys .
Sure direction of a well-constructed script by Richard Donner , balancing tension , thrills , and a few well-placed laughs , with sharp , clever performances by Willis , Def , and Morse .
16 Blocks seems as if it has been around the block a time or two .
... a satisfying piece of genre filmmaking .
Willis has never looked rougher or more ragged than he does here as Jack Mosley , a walking death wish who discovers his sense of justice still has the spark of life .
It seems such a waste to go onto the actual streets of Lower Manhattan and shoot a movie this stupid .
An ending so Pollyannaish that I expected a chorus of animated daisies to jump out of somebody 's *** .
The bedrock of the plot is the dogged determination of the Bruce Willis character . Jack may be middle-aged , he may be tired , he may be balding , he may be a drunk , but if he 's played by Bruce Willis you do n't want to bet against him .
The one bright spot in all this is Mos Def 's performance .
It 's standard , familiar fare : Take away the profanity and swap Bruce Willis with Richard Crenna , and you would have a perfect CBS movie of the week , circa 1982 .
-LSB- The film has -RSB- an air of believability that thankfully does n't get lost in the sometimes fast pace of the flick .
This action-thriller is so predictable that you probably could outline the plot after watching a 30-second TV spot . But it 's so entertaining you wo n't budge from your seat until the final bullet has flown .
One of the best things about the movie is that it gets its tension from what we know and do n't know about the characters , not from bashing us over the head with lame-o action sequences .
A limp , lazy exercise in nostalgia for the buddy genre that director Richard Donner helped define in the '80s .
The show really belongs to Willis , who brings a hangdog authority to the midlife action pose of paunchy , hungover , yet ready to rock and roll .
This is some of the best filmmaking ever done by director Richard Donner .
It goes from one implausible situation and hail of bullets to the next outlandish moment and more gunfire . There are also moments of extreme , flat dullness -- those generally being the moments when Def is n't talking .
The film works better if you think of it as an extra-long mission from True Crime : New York City , only with better-looking cut-scenes and a lamer soundtrack .
There are at least 16 ways the pressure-cooker situation at the center of ` 16 Blocks ' could be defused ...
The premise , which has been seen countless times before and done with far more style and flair , is terribly thin .
Rock music puts emphasis on the beat , jazz puts emphasis off the beat . 16 Blocks is jazz music : It 's an action film , but its high points can be found in the punctuation , in the quiet moments between chases or shootouts .
The film kicks and lurches like a dying jalopy , undermining the otherwise lean efficiency with which Donner steers his metropolitan odyssey .
You spend much of the film with the same demeanor as Jack % u2014 excited but numbed , eyes winced , jaw clenched , just waiting for it to end .
There are enough little twists to keep you amused and mostly entertained .
The results on a movie set can be great when Richard Donner yells ` Action ! ' But on this one , it feels more like , ` Lights , camera , ostentation ! '
It 's nice to see director Richard Donner back in action , but his style yearns for a tight , effective screenplay -- something that is not provided here .
The two characters have the luxury of real , reflective time to fill , something so rare in an age of zip-bang-crash-zap action-pic editing as to be classified as ` old-fashioned . '
Contrived to an excruciating degree and mawkishly emotional , 16 Blocks is a manufactured and predictable action-thriller that conveniently forgets all logic .
Idiotic , for sure , but what saves 16 Blocks is Richard Donner 's slick direction and the occasional flash of humor you get in most Bruce Willis flicks , whether it 's in the script or not . He can scarcely say a line without smirking .
The weary Willis and the whiner Def outnumbered and outgunned in a maze of concrete and heavy traffic by desperate cops gone very bad .
takes its premise and runs it straight into the ground with an insouciant gusto
Basically an outdoor version of Assault on Precinct 13 , but though it 's ... just a popcorn movie , it 's an expertly crafted , enjoyable accompaniment to the kernels .
It 's a popcorn picture that is a perfect pick for a cold or rainy March day .
An action thriller exactly like every other .
A strong action movie with a vicious punch and well defined , interesting characters .
It 's a small movie trying to seem epic , or a bloated monster trying to seem lean -LRB- real B movies do n't have 14 producers -RRB- , but it 's clear that at 99 minutes , 16 Blocks should 've been at least 20 minutes shorter still .
Despite occasional bursts of suspense , the movie as a whole plays out as a long 95 minutes , with its lack of inventiveness leading us more frequently into tediousness than tension .
16 Blocks does raise the banner for the tradition of the textured urban cop drama , spurred by action but made substantial by characters at crossroads .
The movie should have been called 14 Blocks , one for each of its producers -LRB- a dubious all-time record ? -RRB- . However , when it comes to verbal and visual cliches , Donner 's tired actioner has more than 16 .
Mos Def does n't so much steal scenes as palm them away from the action around him to create an oasis of naturalism .
This tale of a cop and a baker running for their lives wants to have its cake and eat it too .




@highlight

Despite strong performances from Bruce Willis and Mos Def , 16 Blocks is a shopworn entry in the buddy-action genre .