Winterbottom sidesteps obligations associated with documentary filmmaking in favor of blazing agitprop .
Timely political documentary that resolves one set of issues while rsiaing others .
The director 's slovenliness is a torture device of its own , but the grueling point is well taken
Director Michael Winterbottom brings us face-to-face with the national humiliation of Guantanamo prison where the Geneva Convention and legal protocol have been disposed of like the now-filthy rivers of our country .
If we ever felt like the soldiers and interrogators seen here were in any way human , Winterbottom and Whitecross ' indictment of their behavior would hit twice as hard .
An astonishing tale of survival , a kind of modern Odyssey with a touch of the old mistaken-identity scenario , presented in a pointedly discriminating first-person narrative .
While THE ROAD TO GUANTÁNAMO treats the men 's tales with respect , astute viewers will question the nature of the youths ' visits .
Gripping , nightmarish , and at times bleakly funny , The Road To Guantánamo is far too important a personal testimony to go unheard .
Guided terror tour of US atrocity culture .
Forte sem jamais se tornar apelativo , é uma denúncia contundente que expõe , de forma inequívoca , os abusos , a crueldade e a arrogância atroz do governo norte-americano , cujos integrantes deveriam ser julgados por crimes de guerra .
Until we get an accounting , let 's be grateful we 've got the docudrama .
Road to Guantánamo is surprisingly confusing about how they got themselves captured % u2026 Perhaps the most astounding aspect of the story is the revelation that their experiences have helped them become better , stronger people
This is a horrifying movie , all the more so because it 's true ...
Revulsion can be an effective tool in exposing wrongdoing . But in the murky confrontation between militant Islam and the West , truth will always be the better road to freedom .
The Road to Guantánamo will drive you crazy , if you are n't crazy yet .
... Muddled -- yet haunting even if it should prove to be only slightly true .
Raw , riveting filmmaking that shines a light on the dark underbelly of the ` war on terror . ' ... a searing exposé of how badly our supposedly democratic , rights-upholding part of the world has lost its way since September 11 .
What happened to them was an accident , but what was done to them is a cautionary tale of how the treatment of prisoners reflects on their captors , and how such treatment can breed the very things we fear : defiant , hardened enemies of the West .
A startling indictment of post-9 / 11 injustice -LSB- that -RSB- should anger people of all political persuasions .
Tells a powerful story , even if you do have to wonder about the sensitivity of releasing a film like this so close to the anniversary of 9/11 .
The conception does n't work perfectly ... . Still , the film is muscular , persuasive , and necessary without being exploitative .
The film once again raises the issue of whether we 're correct to disregard human rights and common decency in the wake of 9/11 .
Perhaps it will be a strong enough reminder of what 's going on down there , un-checked and unregulated , that it will encourage those familiar with the subject to at least talk about it more with those who are n't .
Though compromised , what we see enacted is powerful stuff , a reminder of the casual hypocrisy of Secretary of Defense Rumsfeld in his remark that the Gitmo prisoners are ` treated in accord with the Geneva Convention , for the most part . '
Toes a fine line between docudrama and agitprop . Whether it crosses that line depends on your political persuasion , but without doubt this would have been a stronger film had Winterbottom at least asked why going into a war zone seemed a good plan .
... a disturbing , often unpleasant film that certainly succeeds in provoking an emotional response from the viewer .
It makes its point in a way that a straight documentary could not .
The overwhelming sense is of busted justice that would have infuriated even Kafka , and a great nation abusing the innocent for that old devil , expediency .
While not an altogether convincing character study of the three detainees , Guantanamo is a nonetheless chilling indictment .
Offers a gripping rebuke of the way prisoners are treated at Guantanamo , even though it never entirely settles important questions about what the Tipton Three might have been up to .
Winterbottom 's re-enactors do a persuasive job of depicting young men whose ad hoc decision to travel from Pakistan to Afghanistan put them solidly in the wrong-place/wrong-time category .
A bracing docu-drama .
The material is beautifully put together , and it is powerful .
The re-enactments by the actors are potent and the interviews with the real-life boys that punctuate the proceedings , which show their will to survive and to retain their faith and friendship , are heartbreaking to say the least .
Your view of its accuracy depends entirely on how truthful you feel the narrators are . I found it easy to believe the general outlines of their stories . In times of war , bad things do n't happen only to bad people .
The moviemakers tell the trio 's engrossing story with a mix of battering immediacy , precision and discretion that puts you totally in the movie 's grip .
One-sided and , in part , anti-American , but via the fictionalized sequences , the directors convey more angles of the story .
... oddly unilluminating .
It actually displays a remarkable rectitude when it comes to dramatizing its subjects ' ordeal .
An explosive chronicle of how the truth can be crushed by paranoia , rhetoric and military brutality , even in a democracy such as the United States .
A British docudrama that is as provocative as it is timely .
`` The Road to Guantanamo '' is an experiment in storytelling that proves effective and innovative .
... the film 's urgency can tilt toward shrillness , but nobody else has made the disaster of Guantánamo so painfully vivid .
It 's stunning and it 's certain to spark a lot of discussion . But as a film , as a piece of art I think it 's a very important piece of art .
The very illegibility of the movie 's representational process , you imagine , approximates the assaults on the prisoners .
... its setup is muddled and its subjects ' motivations befuddling . It works as a strong indictment of the United States ' actions in Guantanamo , but it is far from Winterbottom 's most compelling work .
This is excellently made propaganda , how much of it is genuinely true is another story and we ca n't really be sure how much is and how much is n't .
A few flaws undermine the moral , political and dramatic force of the filmmakers ' ` argument . '
Watching this mélange of journalism and dramatic license can be enthralling and maddening at the same time , because the ring of truth , which the film has , is not the same as the truth , which remains unknown .
Reality and make-believe get more than mixed : They get muddled .
An impressive docudrama that recreates , in gut-wrenching detail , one of the most heinous recent examples of wrongdoing by the U.S. military -- that we know of .
A film that must be seen to understand the sad truths of our times .
Winterbottom 's dramatization of their account is short , fast-moving and merciless , and crucial to the authenticity of this terrible story , he allows the former prisoners themselves narrate their ordeal through talking-head style interviews .
A riveting and disturbing documentary that falls short of greatness by not providing enough insight into the characters .
The Road to Guantanamo is well-crafted filmmaking that appeals to the intellect without opening the heart .
While the story is significant , the filmmaking is flawed . It seems like Guantánamo was rushed out for newsy impact when it really could have used some more fine tuning before release .
... a powerful bit of agitprop ...
The Road to Guantanamo is a missed opportunity . This is a subject that deserves a more thoughtful documentary or docudrama , not a hastily thrown together amalgam of the two .
Harrowing but gripping . The drama of attack dogs and black hoods , shaved heads , authority , submission , humiliation , and release is far more engaging than anything Superman Returns has to offer .
The movie begins as a not very compelling or particularly convincing road movie , and turns into a riveting prison drama .
It 's probably safe to say that most of what the film depicts happened that way . A film as determined as this one is to make an impassioned statement , though , ought to have made me feel that in my heart , not just accept it intellectually .
It 's an important story to tell , but the execution is n't all it could be . We 'd like to give the Gitmo parts an A and the rest a C - , but that averages out to an overall B .
In alerting the world to an American wartime indignity , the release of The Road to Guantanamo is also a roadblock to fighting terrorism , but that 's a chance we should all be willing to take .
Road to Guantanamo is chilling as a snapshot of how the world changed for average Arab and Muslim men after 9/11 .
As a look at the injustices blithely wrought in the name of democracy , The Road to Guantanamo comes none too soon .
For those outraged by U.S. treatment of detainees at Guantanamo and the Bush administration in general , this film provides ample fodder for their cause .
strange and unbalanced
If its argument is flawed , then at least it 's an argument worth making .
Although its methodology raises some questions , The Road to Guantanamo provides a riveting glimpse into a heavily shrouded political and moral quagmire that deepens by the day .
The Road to Guantanamo , based on the testimony of three British Muslims captured in Afghanistan in 2001 , is a wrenching and dismaying account of cruelty and bureaucratic indifference .
To its credit , the film is n't sensationalistic nor is it political agitprop . While the violence is concrete and upsetting , it 's virtually tame by contemporary Hollywood standards .
An unconventional and mostly effective mix of documentary and dramatization ...
As pure documentary , the film brilliantly conjures without romanticization the chaos , squalor and fragility of Pakistan on the edge of what is just about to become a war zone .
-LSB- An -RSB- occasionally murky but always engrossing film .
An unblushingly partisan blend of documentary with dramatic action .
The film is paced and edited like a news special , and in fact , there is no indication in the film as to whether any of its disparate sections are ` real . '
Up there with United 93 as one of the most powerful post-9 / 11 films .
It 's not enough to simply show what these men went through , we need to be made to understand it , something that The Road to Guantanamo is sadly unable to do .
Although the Tiptons are ultimately unbroken after two years in prison camp , The Road to Guantánamo is one of the most oppressive accounts of life in a military detention .
In the Gitmo depicted by filmmakers Michael Winterbottom and Mat Whitecross , all prisoners , guilty and innocent , are treated with such systematic sadism that taking one 's life is arguably a proportionate response .
This exposé of American sadism is a shocker , but the movie does n't bring us any closer to understanding the abuse that is carried out in our names .
` The Road to Guantanamo ' is a riveting watch that should pile fuel onto an already flaming controversy .
A gut-wrenching film that lifts the shroud of secrecy surrounding the treatment of prisoners at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba .
Winterbottom and Whitecross deliver a frightening picture of the front lines of the war on terrorism in a film that feels as immediate and authentic as a news report .
The brutality of the American military at Guantanamo subverts a lot of the things we learn in civics class about American freedoms .
Like the best Charles Dickens novels it demands we grow indignant at the cause .
The Road to Guantanamo has a soul-stirring power and immediacy that 's tough to look away from . Whatever you do , do n't miss this one .
Powerful , insightful and yet disturbing , this is a film that 'll stay with you ; and that 's a very good thing .
This is a damning indictment of both Guantánamo Bay and the US government 's insistence on detaining prisoners there without trial .
For telling America to acknowledge how far the country has deviated from its values and how painfully it has failed to make the world safer , this is the most important movie of the year .
Powerful documentary about the American gulag system .
Whether informed audiences will learn something new here is debatable . Instead , the directors seem more interested in refocusing attention on the subject of the existence of Guantanamo in general .
Powerfully co-directed by Michael Winterbottom and Mat Whitecross , the film has a winning combo of excitement and topicality .
This remarkable film by Michael Winterbottom and Mat Whitecross tracks the true story of these British citizens of Pakistani descent , using hundreds of hours of interviews so the story can come out , literally , in their own words .



@highlight

A gut-wrenching and riveting docu-drama that serves as a stinging indictment of U.S. military justice in an era of ever-increasing scrutiny .