Intolerably mild
A wonderful celebration of the legend known as Bettie Page .
Beautifully stylized but emotionally flat , `` The Notorious Bettie Page '' is a confined but enjoyable conception of Bettie Page 's brief-but-influential career .
a subtle , understated study of a complex individual .
Director Mary Harron and her co-screenwriter Guinevere Turner seem seriously conflicted about the tone of their film .
It is a wondrously entertaining biopic that gives a dazzling insight into a time when the world was ready to embrace the notion of a sex goddess , innocently .
Visualmente insosso -LRB- o jogo entre P&B e cor parece apenas querer chamar a atenção -RRB- , o filme empalidece tematicamente diante de Kinsey e não retrata Page de maneira particularmente interessante , apesar da ótima performance de Mol .
Men can ogle and evaluate all they want . The film 's Bettie is what they 've made , but she eludes them .
The film was directed by Mary Harron from a screenplay she wrote with Guinevere Turner . In the past , these two did substantial work . Now they play , so that audiences may have the double pleasure of enjoying their porn while feeling superior to it .
Stars Gretchen Mol in a terrific comeback performance as Page , the God-fearing woman from Tennessee who left Nashville for New York , where her aspirations of becoming an actress were interrupted , you might say , by a whip and a ball gag .
Refreshingly , Mol does n't play Page as a dumb bunny but as someone who discovered that narrow middle ground between sweetness and sexiness .
The Notorious Bettie Page may be nothing but a series of beautiful poses , but audiences will be more than happy with the result .
Watching Mol in action in the title role , it 's impossible to imagine anyone else in the part .
A small , strangely sweet tale well told . But this is all about Mol , who puts in a performance that gives her a very early lead on next year 's Oscar race .
Mary Harron 's Bettie Page biopic is beautifully shot and features a terrific performance by Gretchen Mol , but it 's also frustratingly vague and never gets beneath the surface .
A portrait of the centrefold as a closed book .
Harron is not judgemental in her approach , which allows Bettie 's sweet nature to shine through . However , there 's a nagging dissatisfaction that comes from being too detached from her subject .
The episodic script offers basic insight into Page 's rise to fame , but it never commits to being either an in-depth biography or a thoughtful examination of her impact on evolving sexual mores of the era .
Played with great charm and enthusiasm by Gretchen Mol .
Turns out to be a movie with little to remember despite the precise craft and efforts of its creators . It 's as if they worked hard for nothing .
... reminds us that there was a time when a smiling woman in a jungle-striped bikini frolicking with tigers was more threatening to some folks than an imminent communist threat .
The Notorious Bettie Page may be the sweetest movie ever made about pornography .
Recreating the unusual spirit of the photos is what the film does best ...
... there is a whiff of embalming fluid about the production ; too much of it seems like an incredible re-creation of the lost and gone forever .
In Mary Harron 's film biography of the nude and naughty pin-up girl , Notorious is synonymous with ` joyless . '
Shots of the later-in-life Bettie dressing for a day of street evangelizing remind us that standard woman 's fashions can be as binding as Irving Klaw 's getups .
It 's sort of baffling that The Notorious Bettie Page turns out to be almost boring -- especially when you consider the talent involved .
Mol 's emotional openness provides an invaluable through line as the movie teaches by suggestion , having us connect the dots to determine how a simple , good-hearted gal could go from the church pews of Tennessee to starring on T-shirts at Hot Topic .
The movie is lightheartedly thoughtful .
With her blue-black hair , Mol looks so much like Page that this could be a documentary , and her swings between modesty and exhibitionism are amazingly fluid .
We exit with too clear a sense of the filmmakers ' flaws , but Mol 's nuanced character triumphs and can firmly situate itself in the milieu of Bettie Page .
A cardboard portrayal that acknowledges Page 's reputed braininess , yet argues that she did n't understand the implications of her sultry photographs .
... the movie 's worth a look simply for Mol 's career-boosting performance .
We ca n't always be sure what 's archival and what 's simulated because sometimes the filmmakers are trying to fool us . But their preoccupation with the manufacture of images keeps this exercise in exposure and concealment interesting .
The film , which should be at least engrossing -LRB- if not downright titillating -RRB- , seems lifeless as a ` before ' ad for the latest shampoo .
Disappointingly skin-deep and almost shockingly wholesome .
... a splendid visual treat ...
Mol 's guile-free performance captures what seems to be the essence of Bettie Page , that of a woman who could turn dirty pictures into good clean fun .
But still , who was Bettie Page ? The film offers not a clue .
About a time when taking off one 's clothes for a camera was notorious . We ca n't go back there , but this is an enjoyable , uncritical visit .
The film is a superficial biographical drama that reveals next to nothing new about its subject .
It is n't a bad film , but it is n't a good film , either . Basically , it 's a movie that does n't have a good reason for having been made .
Harron should have stuck with black and white and filled in her story with more shades of gray .
It 's a bit of a folly , but The Notorious Bettie Page has a kind of sweetness , and a refreshing lack of haughty nobility , that makes it of interest .
Harron 's work here is unclear in its theme or purpose .
The character 's lack of dimension rarely hampers the frisky retro fun .
The Notorious Bettie Page is a perfect example of a film that has a subject but no story .
This listless biopic of the famed 1950s model is as timid and tame as her photos seem today .
... it does n't bring us any closer to understanding Page 's life , or the origins of the multi-billion dollar porn industry .
To attempt to re-create this is a bit of a folly , but The Notorious Bettie Page has a kind of sweetness , and a refreshing lack of haughty nobility , that makes it of interest .
Sexual breakthrough should n't feel this clinical .
Less an exposé than a wide-angle exposure of Gretchen Mol , who would measure up as a calendar girl in any decade .
Content to skate along the shiny surface of a potentially fascinating subject , it 's a monotonously upbeat would-be romp .
This film puts us in Bettie 's heart where she wants us , not in her pants as she had been dismissed .
Gretchen Mol is amazing as Bettie .
Feels like a rough draft in which one element -- Mol 's performance -- stands out as the real thing .
Mol and Harron neither put her down nor hoist her up . Rather than breaking Bettie Page into voyeuristic parts , they leave her mysteriously complete .
Mol is a delight as the saucy brunette , a God-fearing innocent seemingly oblivious to the use of those lascivious pinup photographs for which she so cheerfully posed .
Harron deserves credit . She sees Page not as others might have seen her but as she evidently saw herself .
Astute -- even frisky -- as it is , Notorious Bettie Page never shakes being enamored of the mystery of Page .
It 's a handsome , often funny piece of work with a nearly fatal inability to settle on a tone .
This cheeky movie does not impose heavy-duty meaning on Page 's life and times . It just lets us draw our own ambiguous conclusions about what she did . It is the better , the more enticing , for so doing .
The movie covers a lot of territory , but feels like a thin story with nothing substantial to grasp onto . Yes it 's sexy at times , but it 's still boring .
Does n't give us any more insight into her life than the voiceless , glossy photos we have seen time and time again .
Manages to work as a subtle send-up of '50s film sensibilities and as a tentative study of an earlier sex symbol .
-LSB- Gretchen Mol -RSB- is Bettie Page , pure and simple .
About controlling the means of production ; she is her own raw material , and she is not about to let someone else take over .
A prettily posed but shallow photo shoot within a photo shoot of a stone skimming over her life .
It does a bang-up job of illuminating why many a contemporary pop icon and , online , a whole new generation of men have taken to Bettie .
A lively film that is disappointing because it so clearly has the raw materials to be much , much better .
The tone of the movie is subdued and reflective . It does not defend pornography , but regards it -LRB- in its 1950s incarnation -RRB- with subdued nostalgia for a more innocent time .
There are interesting parallels between the hemmed-in culture of America 's paranoid postwar years and the enforced restraint and caged sexuality of the fetish photos that flourished at the time , but they go unexplored .
Beyond the physical resemblance the filmmakers managed to give her , Mol gives a truly breakout performance here .
Although Page is described as the model who shocked the nation , `` The Notorious Bettie Page '' is notable only for how very unshocking it is .
Smugly anti-erotic in the extreme .
Sketchy and fragmented , Harron 's film is neither a biopic -LRB- it covers a decade of Page 's life -RRB- nor an effective feminist deconstruction of a fascinating cultural phenomenon that captured better than other icons the era 's sexual fantasies and hangups .
-LSB- Mol -RSB- delivers the best performance of her career .
Bettie Page more closely resembles a TV movie than a probing feature .
Harron and Turner toy with an underdeveloped theme involving Page 's efforts to reconcile shame-based religious teachings and her belief that God made the nude body and invested it with an inherent spark of the divine .
Because its interest is in Page as an inadvertent erotic icon , Harron 's movie plays more like a gentle conceptual satire on all-American 1950s hypocrisy than an attempt to probe the person herself .
No moral , little plot , a lead character deliberately left unknowable .
The Notorious Bettie Page is about the mundane but living humanity behind the pictures , the regular person behind a decade 's fantasies .
Harron and her co-screenwriter Guinevere Turner chart Page 's ascension as reigning diva of decadence with the sort of historic expansiveness usually reserved for dead presidents and Nobel winners .
There 's something enchanted about the way this film presents Page , as if her innocence were a protective bubble that carried her through her life . It 's a terrific movie .
The movie never seems to make up its mind but , far worse , it never quite gets inside Betty 's .
Page -LSB- is -RSB- played as if on a mission by Gretchen Mol .
Except for its wonderfully nostalgic look , which painstakingly evokes memories of '50s movies , and Mol 's sunny disposition , Bettie Page does n't amount to much .
The chance for a great film has been lost in favor of an okay film with great moments .
The artificiality and affectation , as well as the -LRB- deliberately ? -RRB- leaden pacing , sap the movie of vitality and emotional power .
... the film itself exhibits the same generous , accepting attitude that was one of Page 's great appeals .
With full awareness of the conventions of the biopic , the movie plays with our expectations .
Those searching for a deeper portrait of Bettie and her ills are bound to be disappointed , so my advice is to sit back and bask in the heyday of peppermint candy pornography .
As lightweight as a silk negligee , Mary Harron 's homage ... never fully convinces that the model was more than a '50 pop culture footnote .
Perhaps its biggest crime is that it has succeeded at being what Bettie Page never was : forgettable .
It would seem nearly impossible to make an unsexy film about Bettie Page , the '50s girl next door turned hot bondage pinup , but this biopic is anything but notorious .
The new film captures the look of the period and , in star Gretchen Mol , has an actress who capably counterfeits Page 's exuberance . What it does n't have is a reason for being .
Mary Harron 's exuberant biographical film stars Gretchen Mol as the 1950 's pinup queen Bettie Page .
Gretchen Mol is unrelentingly charming in the role and she almost -- almost -- makes you believe that someone as unclouded as this could actually exist .
Bettie seems nice enough , and we do n't actually get any insight into either her or her times , that is except that porn was far tamer back then then it is now .
Mol 's portrayal of Bettie Page is likely to at last earn her the recognition she deserves .
The Notorious Bettie Page 's arid fixation on period over character comes at a price .
It 's very possible that the subject just does n't deserve a biopic , that quite possibly Bettie Page 's impact on the popular culture is more interesting than how she made that impact .
Turner and Harron load Notorious with the details of '50s - shutterbug and nude-modeling culture and surround Mol with a talented supporting cast , but otherwise let Mol 's faded smiles and enigmatic glances suggest what 's going on inside
If you 've ever wondered where those Goth girls or indie rock gals with the too short bangs come from , here 's your answer .
More clever than insightful , -LSB- but -RSB- Harron makes the most of that humorously earnest style ripped from the pin-up pages .
Gretchen Mol gives a career-defining performance as the '50s pin-up model
A delightful movie .
If you could give an Oscar for radiating joy while clad in knee-high , spiky leather boots and a corset , Gretchen Mol deserves it .
Like Bettie herself , the movie is wholesome and sexy at the same time . I liked it immensely .
A comedy of high freakishness that invites us to climb deep into the mystique of Bettie Page 's image , her phenomenon .
Director Mary Harron chooses the path of least resistance while keeping it playful and provocative .
There 's no snake in Bettie 's Eden and no narrative to Harron 's movie .
Resisting the conventions of the traditional biopic at every turn , The Notorious Bettie Page never finds its footing as a story .
It 's not too often that an otherwise characterless movie comes along that captivates by the sheer power and personality of a single performance .
There 's a problem with Harron 's approach : it leaches all the danger out of the subject . In this movie , there is n't any genuine power in erotic imagery or any menace in perversion .
Harron has a definite signature style but , oddly enough , she kept her distance with The Notorious Bettie Page , treating the material with kid gloves .
` The Notorious Bettie Page ' is a rarity today -- a purely fun picture that neither apologizes nor psychoanalyzes nor points fingers .
Style-wise the film 's a winner .
-LSB- Mol -RSB- delivers the first performance by an actress this year that deserves serious Oscar consideration .
The movie 's exploration of its supposedly sleazy milieu from a distinctively female point of view is invigorating , and the recreations of the period ... are a retro-kick .
Delivers the who , what and where of Bettie 's life but is scant on the hows and whys . It 's a shallow recounting of events without theme or purpose .
One of America 's most famous pinups is presented as a woman who appears to have no center and whose relationships are unexplored .
Director Harron refrains from moralizing -LRB- against very soft-core but sometimes kink-oriented porn -RRB- or making political statements -LRB- supporting First Amendment rights -RRB- , but her treatment of Page herself is decidedly affectionate .
Gretchen Moll is brilliant .
The key moments in Page 's life have been perfunctorily checked-off and assembled into cut-and-paste scenes at the expense of developed characters and any real sense of motivation .
A delightful celebration of the ` Pin-Up Queen of the Universe , ' as well as a delicious appreciation of the texture and flavor of images from the 1950s .
A superficial look at the '50s sex icon , pic feels like it was researched via press clippings rather than attempting a fresh rethinking of its era and provocative subject .
No doubt , there 's more to Bettie Page than meets the eye , but you would n't know it from this affectless , pointless movie .
A biopic that is neither overly long -LRB- see Ray -RRB- nor slave to a paint-by-numbers format -LRB- see Ray -RRB- .
Tells the fascinating tale of a world-renowned sex-kitten , and it does so with copious doses of heart , wit , beauty , and a palpable sense of respect .




@highlight

This biopic only skims the surface of Bettie Page 's life , leaving her as a cipher , and additionally fails to place her iconic status in historical context .