A reminder to all producers : alluding to iconic romantic comedies in a bid for legitimacy can be a dangerous game , even when you have appealing stars .
Patronizing antimatter
Dialogue hits the floor like frozen eggnog in writer/director Nancy Meyers ' protracted exercise in cliché-mining .
My reaction to The Holiday was no different from my reaction to Meyers ' other pieces . It 's cute enough , the atmosphere is sufficiently romantic comedy-like , but somehow , for some reason , I just do n't bond with it .
As a voracious consumer of chick media -LRB- I like alien shoot 'em ups too ! -RRB- , I tell you that the story arc is extremely surprising & delightful , and that you fellas can feel safe watching this as well .
No amount of ironic gift wrapping can conceal the triteness within , in this double-plotted festive chick flick that is too long by half , and too cloyingly sweet to be healthy .
About as far removed from burning your bra as you can get . Too much of this chick flick feels like work , with the unfortunately long running time sandbagging it with a kind of cinematic jet lag .
a warm , charming , extremely clever and often hilarious romantic comedy that will be a sure-fire date movie for any guy looking to please his significant other
Meyers gives it an honest shot , but she ca n't distract from a paint-by-numbers plot just by having us watch it dry .
Because everyone is rich and in love , you can see the happy ending coming a mile away , but with a film like this , it 's the journey that 's important and not the destination .
Sweet , sentimental and sickly .
A leisurely feelgood rom-com .
A lot of ideas are circulating and the characters have taken hold of our emotions . If only Meyers had taken the quickest way there , it would be a much better movie .
The Holiday 's redeeming feature -LRB- and it 's a considerable one -RRB- is the 91-year-old Eli Wallach 's astute and endearing performance .
Watchable , but overly long and ultimately disappointing romcom , despite spirited performances and the occasional sparkly moment .
The movie clocks in at just under two and a half hours , so the staying-awake part may be a challenge for some , but not one scene in the film feels extraneous or does n't serve to tell the story .
This romantic comedy ends up feeling soggy , syrupy and so bloating it 'll put you to sleep before the pudding 's done .
An entertaining romp that succeeds on a level of pure escapism .
Nancy Meyers é uma diretora medíocre e uma escritora sem talento .
The Holiday pretends its happy endings are premised on the women realizing their capacities as leading ladies . Really , what they 're doing is finding the `` right '' men , not quite the same as finding `` gumption . ''
The Holiday works its magic because Meyers invests time in the characters instead of the scenarios .
Writer-director Nancy Meyers ' fluff machine is on overdrive ...
A very pretty , safely balanced , sweet and sour film , for some nice bonding time with your other half .
Running away from a broken heart has never been so much fun as in The Holiday , a delightful romantic comedy about love , life and making a change .
At least 60 percent of this film tries too hard to be as cute as a Christmas puppy and just ends up piddling on the carpet
A finely polished piece of romantic cinema , with a generosity of spirit so all-encompassing that it 's easy to forgive its occasional excesses .
Saying that Nancy Meyers ' The Holiday is the best of the year 's Christmas movies to date is n't saying very much .
We can all figure out where this thing is going but getting there is the prime attraction here .
There are bad movies , and then there are Nancy Meyers movies .
Myers has established herself as Nora Ephron Lite , which is the same as establishing yourself as white bread without the crust .
Fast food merchandising of the heart .
Despite the honeyed charms of its female leads , the 138-minute Holiday wears out its welcome ... When Diaz meets Law 's cloyingly adorable two girls , it 's like choking to death on a saccharine candy cane .
Through its awkward meet-stupids and believable meet-cutes , `` The Holiday '' rings so many notes of joy that you ca n't help but like it .
It takes a certain amount of power to convince four talented actors to deliver performances that are shrill and irritating .
The Holiday is too predictable and at 138 minutes way too padded to thoroughly enjoy .
Nancy Meyers ' trademark thinking comedies always deliver a perceptive perspective on relationships , but this one forgets to be funny too .
There 's a minute glimmer of joy to be had from this frosty piece of cake , but you have to work awfully hard to find it .
There 's nothing authentic or personal about The Holiday -- it 's as chilling as heart-warmers get .
The characters pace and putter around in the story like animals building their nests , and by the time they finally settle down with their mates , we have a grudging affection for them .
There 's good news for Jude Law fans . With The Holiday , the actor has taken a sad career song and started to make it better .
... The story goes on at untoward length .
... The surprises would be surprises only if this is , like , your fourth movie ever .
Admittedly , this is a chick-flick . Guys may groan but gals are gon na love it . Like ` Love , Actually , ' it 's the Christmas comedy you 've been waiting for .
While Meyers overwrites and has a tendency to dwell on her stars goofing around , her best material makes the less-successful stretches worth sitting through .
Watching The Holiday is a little like ordering a sticky cinnamon bun : You know the gooey , warm sweetness will taste good , but you 'll feel guilty eating it .
It 's actually one of the most educational chick flicks of the decade ...
Like her near namesake , Meyers has quite a way with B-O-L-O-G-N-A .
Admitting that it 's formulaic does n't make it any less so , but it 's enjoyable in a mushy , easily digested sort of way .
... It 's the women who come out the worst in Meyers 's sexist worldview , where men are hopeless and women are helpless .
Winslet , who 's never done a Hollywood romantic comedy before , turns out to be a natural , blushing prettily and smiling so broadly the camera seems ready to embrace her .
The Holiday suffers from a dreary predictability .
Winslet , Black , Law and to some extent the others are often swell . But the script limits are still there , knots in the weave , and you need to be a goner for manipulation not to notice .
Winslet gets time to build a lovable , kind character . In the process , the English actress known for serious roles shows she can handle just about any part -- even one in a formulaic American romantic comedy -- with exceptional grace .
It 's a pleasant-enough premise for a romantic comedy , created by an experienced veteran -LRB- director Nancy Meyers -RRB- , and is boosted by entertaining performances .
The sheer volume of intense emotional content has a cumulative effect that will easily win over anyone whose heart and mind are open to it .
Winslet brings a sweet enthusiasm to Iris ' emotional blooming that makes you wish Diaz ... had taken a holiday .
It is a fizzy champagne cocktail that provides a pleasant buzz , many smiles , and Jude Law with the role of his career .
There is evidence in The Holiday that the declining value of the dollar appears to have distorted the status of leading men on both sides of the pond .
Any holiday movie with a dollop of sweetness and a touch of wistful deserves a little slack at this time of year . This one is pleasant enough , but The Holiday wo n't be one you 'll remember after the eggnog has worn off .
For all its charm , there 's nothing in The Holiday you have n't seen in a dozen romantic comedies .
The movie , which runs two hours-plus , has its highs and lulls , but the charismatic cast offsets flawed storytelling .
Complaining about the gooey and generic The Holiday is as useless as railing against fruitcake -- this is a slick , throwaway chick flick designed to provide nothing more than mindless diversion between bouts of shopping .
The Holiday is a harmlessly cheery confection .
The Holiday has the materialist airhead brightness of a Christmas department store window , with handsomely outfitted mannequins arranged around an artificial fire . It 's glamorous and sentimental but it does n't touch the heart .
Although it is inoffensive and well-intentioned , The Holiday is neither the sum of its parts nor an especially effective whole .
This melding of comedic minds is one of the better holiday gifts we 've received , cinematically speaking .
There is so much to not like about The Holiday . Yet this humorous romantic fantasy is really , really easy to enjoy .
-LSB- Director Nancy Meyers -RSB- hits all the notes of the chick-flick formula -- heartbreak , ice cream , Aretha Franklin -- but she never creates a melody .
Way too much cute .
The Holiday , like the holidays , will require some girding up , and is best met halfway with a self-immunizing smile .
Obviously intended as a romantic throwback to the good old days of Hollywood , The Holiday instead comes off as a self-indulgent , insipid piece of seasonal trash .
The Holiday is as advertised : a respite from everyday demands and acquired cynicism .
This romantic comedy has an almost terminal case of the cutes .
The Holiday is n't a great movie , but it should appeal to those who like their movies comfortably upholstered and primed to tug at the heart strings .
The problem with Nancy Meyer 's romantic comedy The Holiday is that it is contrived , too long , and insufferably cute .
The Holiday is a drippily sentimental and contrived movie that ladles on the treacle with a particularly heavy hand and strands some good actors -- and not so good ones -- along the way .
The Holiday is a lark , with pretensions to be more .
Truth be told , this movie is n't rocket science . If you do n't know what happens than you certainly do n't watch enough cinematic entertainment . This thing is about as predictable as Mom 's Apple Pie and , thankfully , just as delicious .
Everyone in the cast knows how to act , but it looks like they gave their talent a holiday and showed up on the set clueless .
Bridget Jones 's Diary meets L.A. Story in this feel-good romantic chuckler doused with a healthy layer of seasonal schmaltz .
every time the film threatens to build up a head of genuine charm , it bogs down in treacley melodrama and/or maudlin sentiment
` The Holiday ' is a fun , warm , and lighthearted romantic comedy that 's easy to settle into .
Romantic comedies have been a bit of a dying breed in recent years . Perhaps that 's why it 's so delightful to see The Holiday tucked amidst all the war and gore at the cineplex .
By the way , Iris and Amanda 's online encounter marks the first time in two years that two people spoke online about visiting the other 's home and `` Dateline NBC 's '' Chris Hanson was n't involved .
Might be considered a decent date movie ... but only if guys were allowed to leave their testicles at home .
No formulaic romantic comedy needs to be over 100 minutes , let alone over 130 .
At one point Amanda remarks , ` In the world of love , cheating is not acceptable . ' Also no longer acceptable : romantic comedies set in ` the world of love . '
If Nancy Meyers were to have sex with James L. Brooks , she still would n't have enough of him in her to craft worthwhile material .
After such a horrible run of dreadful , I-want-to-poke-my-eyes-out-to-stop-the-pain holiday movies -LRB- Deck The Halls and The Santa Clause 3 -RRB- , The Holiday practically looks like the Citizen Kane of Christmas tales .
After sitting through 138 minutes viewers may feel they 've earned a real holiday .
It really is stunning how at odds the two halves of the movie are . Almost everything on the Diaz side ... is weird or uncomfortable or icky or just plain nonsensical , and almost everything on the Winslet side ... is smart and cozy and affectionate and just
largely entertains , but has no business being two hours and 15 minutes long
It 's hard to say whether the movie is being meta in its movie references or just unimaginative and derivative . Probably a little bit of both .
Meyers ' movies would be far less offensive if they were simply shiny , shallow entertainments . But they always read like pronouncements , monitor readings of how ` real ' women think and feel .
If you 're willing to embrace a bit of corniness for the sake of some incisive humor , a few poignant moments and enjoyable scenarios , make time for The Holiday .
Like a magic trick in reverse , The Holiday reveals the mechanics of the formula while trying to keep up the illusion .
If you like your holiday fare served up sweet -LRB- and with few surprises -RRB- , then chow down on this carb-loaded chick flick .
Even though almost everything about it feels forced and its casting chemistry hardly sizzles , its heart is in the right place , it has its quota of funny and touching moments , and it 's ultimately fairly enjoyable .
The Holiday is a tale of two women , two houses , two love interests -- Jude Law pairs with Cameron Diaz , Jack Black gets lucky with Kate Winslet -- but it 's also about movie love .
Sappy , sugary , star-driven , The Holiday is a confection right off the Hollywood assembly line .
Give yourself a holiday and avoid this movie .
This overproduced romantic comedy does n't even qualify as fluff ; it 's flat , featureless plastic .
What The Holiday has going for it is that it 's funny when it wants to be , heartwarming when it needs to be and impeccably acted throughout .
By the time The Holiday entered its final stretch , I was wishing I could perform a house swap on this whole movie and settle down in the comfy environs of The Philadelphia Story instead .
You wonder if -LSB- director -RSB- Meyers was so focused on establishing her main characters as frustrated , lonely and wanting that she forgot about the ` interesting ' part .
The problem is that happy endings this strident and overextended begin to seem somewhat desperate .
Epic love stories are one thing , but this one is intended only to be cute , fluffy and at least a half-hour shorter .
Heart ... puddle ... on floor .
You 'll find it hard to leave the theater not beaming .
It 's the equivalent of eating a Spam and ketchup sandwich while watching a Food Network special about the greatest chefs who ever donned an apron .
The actors , pros one and all , operate in some weird , bubbly dimension that is someone 's notion of how people behave in romantic comedies .
Goes for drippy , excruciating cuteness on the level of teddy bears who tickle you , tuck you in and sing you to sleep .
Although it could be too sugary for some , The Holiday is a little treat worth savoring this Christmas season .
Seduces with its attractive cast and delectable real estate .
A far from festive experience ... so completely synthetic that there is n't a moment or line of dialogue that has the remotest connection to reality -- or to humor , either .
Characters in `` The Holiday '' kiss like reasonable people and do n't get into silly arguments that artificially jeopardize their love lives .
If you 're ready for the cinematic equivalent of cotton candy , then The Holiday is just the sweet confection for you .
... far more fun in memory than in actual experience .
It 's cute enough , but it lacks any sort of spontaneity or surprise .
The Holiday wears its Tinseltown credentials on its sleeve and provides the kind of escapist entertainment that 's been so lacking thus far into the winter season .
The two-hour-plus behemoth actually charms , and you get two gleeful romances for the price of one . If you need more incentive , Jude Law has never been sexier .
Eat up , chick-flickaholics ! Even if you know it 's not good for you .
A long , uninvolving , miscast -LRB- is Cameron Diaz really Steve Martin in drag ? -RRB- chick flick , despite exceptional performances by Kate Winslet and two captivating little scene-stealers , Mifty Englefield and Emma Pritchard .
A movie so loaded with charm that it makes you glow all over and puts a smile in your heart .
Exists in that fantasy Nancy Meyers universe in which a bunch of attractive , wealthy people talk cutely and smartly to each other and find love in all the right places
There 's apparently nothing Jack Black can do with his eyebrows on-screen that does n't read as cloying and facetious .
Sloppy writing , an overindulgent editor , and poor casting have taken an intriguing premise and transformed it into an uneven mess .
It can also be undeniably charming , so you may as well just check your cynicism at the door and surrender .
A bunch of rich , good-looking white people fall in and out of love .
Meaningless piece of fluff , though Jude Law will become every woman 's dream boyfriend .
A Yuletide chick flick with plenty of heart .
Lusciously crafted at every level , from Dean Cundey 's flattering cinematography to the even more flattering selection of L.A. and U.K. locations .
There is bound to be a large appreciative audience for this chick flick . But it might not be you .
To list all the contrivances strewn throughout The Holiday would require more words than are warranted by Nancy Meyers 's latest batch of cinematic maple syrup .



@highlight

The Holiday , while sweet and somewhat touching , lacks any surprises and eventually overstays its welcome .