This is a faithful adaptation of the obscure Edgar Allan Poe tale `` The System of Doctor Tarr and Professor Fether '' , a story short enough to , as with the Sixties Roger Corman Poe cycle , leave its adapters ample room to extrapolate as they please .
An interesting mélange of dark humour , creepy episodes , Sir Ben Kingsley as the doctor and Kate Beckinsale as the manic eye candy explains why Newgate stays longer than any sane man would .
The best way to enjoy the film is to know as little about it as possible and let Anderson take you on a dark and Gothic thrill ride .
Sadly , this film seeks to expand the basic story - based on an Edgar Allen Poe tale - in a ridiculous fashion that lurches awkwardly from childish fantasy to sick violence .
Stonehearst Asylum sets itself apart thanks to its source material -- it draws heavily from an Edgar Allan Poe short story -- and its embracing of the Hammer horror aesthetic in all its schlocky glory .
Tom Yatsko 's beautifully flexible cinematography , together with strong set design , helps to capture the transient character of the era , adding depth and energy to Joe Gangemi 's script .
This fin-de-siècle tale reveals the nastinesses of Victorian pseudo-sciences and psychiatry , devilishly dwelling on the distinctions between safehouse and jail , cure and torment . It also unveils the era 's jittery repression of women and their sexuality .
Michael Caine , Ben Kingsley and a host of other Brit thesps ham it up , Hammer-style , but Brad Anderson 's baggy direction hampers any enjoyment .
At best it 's hammy , Hammer-ish fun , although it has none of the tension of Brad Anderson 's underappreciated potboiler The Call , and none of the wit of The Ninth Configuration , which remains the best screen tale of lunatics taking over an asylum .
A weary , half-hearted adaptation of a familiar Edgar Allan Poe short story that is largely devoid of chills or suspense .
Anderson has a good eye for a murky mystery . With its unhurried yet purposeful pace and moody underlighting , Stonehearst also owes much to his work on Boardwalk Empire .
The tone is uneven and the various plot twists are n't as effective as they need to be , resulting in an underwhelming experience that fails to live up to its early promise .
The only way to enjoy the thing is as a comedy .
This Victorian-set horror film ca n't help but seem a missed opportunity . It has the ingredients for a lurid and entertaining trip to the dark side .
Stonehearst Asylum is a richly bonkers piece of Victoriana .
The stuttering , episodic pace makes you wonder if they had half a mind on a miniseries . Where the other half went is really anyone 's guess .
You 'll watch this supremely entertaining danse macabre with the broadest of connoisseurial smiles .
This is not , we 'd wager , the film its director intended . Yet it 's worth watching ...
A spirited gothic tale , played with welcome black humour .
It 's ` Shutter Island ' in the Scottish Highlands with this initially intriguing , ultimately depressing Victorian-era madhouse drama .
the clash between the utopian Lamb and his professional nemesis the regressive Salt also represents a dialectic about differing approaches to care for the mentally ill and other marginalised figures in society ...
While its intentions were probably high-minded , the only reaction Stonehearst Asylum is likely to induce is hoots of derisive laughter .
Poe is not often remembered as a comic writer , but he was among the first to use black humour for satiric purposes - and this perfectly matches his tone ...
Does a fine job of balancing dark humor , creepy vibes , and outright melodrama -- and what a cool cast , right ?
Though I 'm not a huge fan of Anderson , he 's never struck me as simpering .
Ham-fisted and forgettable , serving as a horrific reminder about how far mental health treatment has progressed .
The film is steered into more of a formulaic psychological thriller than the sort of twisted fun that Poe 's source material would suggest .
If you like period pieces with psychopathic characters , excellent actors and plenty of atmospherics , then you could do worse than a trip to `` Stonehearst Aslyum . ''
Between its distinctly modern intelligence and razor-sharp plotting , Anderson 's clever contraption matches the heights of Gothic grandeur that keep Poe held in esteem today .
While the film lacks the macabre humor of the original story , it does an excellent job of conveying the creeping horror of Victorian medicine .
Anderson clearly takes delight in all the proceedings , which is one of the reasons his films feel fresh instead of lazy .
It may not be his worst film overall , but `` Stonehearst '' is Anderson 's flattest film , a disappointingly shallow affair that wastes an opportunity to breathe life into a timeless Edgar Allen Poe short story .
Not a horror movie per se , but still containing horror elements , Stonehearst Asylum is a well-made , well-acted tale that could find an audience among viewers looking for a spooky story that does n't deliver a pile of dead teenagers .
Aside from the crucial but completely arbitrary twist at the end , what we see and hear is exactly what we get ...
On the surface , Anderson seems to have all the necessary pieces for a surreal psycho pop . But the fear factor eludes him , leaving `` Stonehearst Asylum '' more insipid than insane .
All involved deserve better , particularly Poe .
There 's probably a brilliant , award-worthy film to be made about the inhumane way the medical practice dealt with the mentally ill in the past . This one is n't it , but it is nonetheless a solid , sturdy piece of entertainment .
Shockingly flabby ...
If you accept the grandly Gothic insanity here , there 's a lot of fun to be had .
Think : Downton Abbey meets The Knick .
It fails to be sexy , scary , revealing , suspenseful or even exciting .
`` Stonehearst Asylum '' starts with the hysteria knob set at 11 and goes up from there .
Stonehearst takes off , subverting genre expectations by turning the inmates into representatives of modernity .
An off-brand Shutter Island , nearly devoid of stylistic flourishes or memorably strange details , instead intent on repeatedly telling us things we already know .
Stonehearst Asylum is an effective period thriller , more than worthy of your next seasonal horror marathon .
This is a movie that is several cuts above your usual straitjacket thriller . Enter at your own risk .
Stonehearst Asylum will make you think twice about how we care for the mentally ill then ... and now . Oh , and it 's also a smart thriller with a kiss of pulp .
The implicit criticism of psychiatry without compassion makes this confection unusually filling . Vincent Price never had it so good .
A fun , old-fashioned Val Lewton-style thriller . Sturgess , Beckinsale , Caine and Kingsley are always worth watching .
In the wake of the ostentatious atmospherics summoned by the likes of Shutter Island and American Horror Story : Asylum , the film feels unnecessarily restrained .
The lunatics have seldom taken over the asylum so literally , yet to so little reward , as in `` Stonehearst Asylum . ''
Edwardian thriller offers formula instead of vision

@highlight

Stonehearst Asylum offers over-the-top fun for genre aficionados ; for others , however , it 's likely to prove a dull disappointment .