Despite all its pretensions , Coco & Igor is just the same old Hollywood story : a selfish and tormented hero is torn between a ruthless Joan Crawford and a self-sacrificial Lillian Gish .
An electrifying opening , a bit of a slog afterwards .
Stravinsky refuses to acknowledge -LSB- Chanel -RSB- as his artistic equal : ` You are not an artist , you are a shopkeeper ' ... After this put-down , the couple 's romance fizzles out ...
In the end , `` Coco & Igor '' does n't really go anywhere , and it never quite equals the chaotic energy of that opening theater scene . But it 's gorgeous to look at , as Kounen melds the heady visuals with Stravinsky 's sweeping score .
Beautiful but indulgent .
This thin slice of so-called history is both so narrow in focus and out of focus that even the most devoted fans are likely to be disappointed .
... is a curious and moderately interesting film that , like many an initially torrid affair , eventually devolves into desultory ennui
It 's beautifully shot and acted , but as with Coco Before Chanel last year , the one thing audiences will most want to know goes unanswered again : What makes this remarkable woman tick ?
It 's well-shot and stylish , but slow and rather dull , with emotionally distant characters and a weak ending .
Mouglalis lacks Audrey Tautou 's feisty pluck but makes up for it with Gallic froideur , while Mads Mikkelsen broods as a tortured artist .
This French film 's beginning is as brilliant as anything I 've seen all year ; unfortunately , most of the rest of the movie never lives up to that .
Refuses to dumb down its subjects for the sake of easy accessibility -LRB- the actors are truthful rather than likeable -RRB- .
Stilted performances and an odd whimper of an ending are further flaws in this good-looking but turgid period piece .
The whole movie has the immaculate visual gloss of a Chanel advert , which is no bad thing .
While it 's not a particularly imaginative movie , it 's a great-looking one ...
It 's a tragic and sophisticated love story .
The film quickly turns into a dull slog .
Morozova 's sulky silence is a suitable counterpoint to the imperious , independent performance of Anna Mouglalis as Chanel .
Anna Mouglalis makes for an icier Coco than Audrey Tautou , hardened by the death in 1919 of Boy Capel , the love of her life .
A beautifully designed but overly formal biopic that ca n't match the greatness of the artists it depicts .
Do I have to say it again ? Celebrity is not drama .
Exquisitely styled , beautifully scored and redolent of eroticism and artistry , Jan Kounen 's sensuous film restages the creative process as amour fou .
Strikingly shot and superbly acted by Mikkelsen and Mouglalis ...
Mouglalis can not seem to find any redeeming features in Coco Chanel .
Both leads are strong and the tension between Coco and Mrs Stravinsky plays out nicely .
A gloriously shot but elegantly empty chamber piece
The ampersand in the title symbolizes erotic as well as grammatical conjunction , but 52 dull minutes pass before the two geniuses make sweet music together , and then they literally make sweet music together -- Igor gives Coco a piano lesson .
Too much of the time , the film seems intoxicated by its own sense of importance .
I have n't seen a two-hour movie with this little dialogue since Charlie Chaplin Tries not to Wake up the Baby .
Two narcissists do not a couple make , and without any actual relationship , there really is n't a movie .
Chanel and Stravinsky did some bold , fascinating things in their lives , but this movie proves that sleeping together a handful of times was not among them .
Aside from Coco choosing among dozens of numbered designer perfumes -LRB- No. 5 will do , thank you -RRB- there 's no sense of her fashion spirit , as in Coco Before Chanel . Kounan simply designs a sexy knockoff for the back racks of biopics .
Perhaps Chanel and Stravinsky were too consumed by their art and egos to be truly vulnerable and giving . Certainly they 're not portrayed as likable .
The filmmaking style is rote biopic mode ; events sinuously follow one another yet disclose few details .
The development of a perfume should n't be more exciting than the development of a love affair .
We plod through an hour of overheated looks between the leads , as well as sad doe-eyed gazes from the wife , before we see the lovers finally unite in a lukewarm passion .
Two of the most influential artists of the 20th century become simpering dolts in Coco Chanel and Igor Stravinsky .
If -LSB- the film -RSB- is only incidentally and by chance a compelling human drama , it 's luscious to look at .
There 's fascinating material here , but instead Kounen and screenwriter Chris Greenhalgh too often settle for giving us a conventional and even dull love triangle : self-absorbed career woman , ailing wife , passive man torn between the two of them .
Jan Kounen 's film is ravishingly beautiful , but inhumanly cool . The severe black-and-white deco interiors of Chanel 's estate suggest an elegant chessboard where pitiless mind games are being played .
Like chocolate and peanut butter .
Although the sex scenes are explicit , the movie also uses grace and suggestion .
The story of two iconoclasts clearly ahead of their time , this glimpse into their passionate , sometimes volatile friendship is every bit as wild and as unpredictable as the two artists themselves .
The performances are well-modulated to project exactly what the director , Jan Kounen , wants to say about these two people .
A sumptuous re-creation of '20s France and the mad affair between two of the century 's most iconic figures .
Generates neither emotional heat nor intellectual light .
Coco Chanel & Igor Stravinsky is attractive as a bit of history and it 's generally pretty to look at , but it 's never engaging in a way that lets you forget you 're watching a movie .
Seldom have the forces of change seemed so static .
We are given little idea of what made these two icy sourpusses artists , let alone lovers . Both come across as shallow and unlikable people .
Coco Chanel & Igor Stravinsky offers two hours of luxury and loveliness , music and art , and a bit of sexually charged madness , too .
Mads Mikkelsen gets mired in brooding as Igor , and Anna Mouglalis is merely photogenic as Coco . Yelena Morozova gives a moving performance as the wronged spouse . But what lingers is the fab décor .
If this all sounds a bit silly , it is . But the costumes and interiors are pretty . Mikkelsen , who should play the lead in a Freddie Mercury biopic , is an imposing screen presence as always and appears to do his own piano playing in several scenes .
The movie Kounen and his co-writers , Carlo de Bounty and Chris Greenhalgh , have made of Greenhalgh 's novel is based on the rumor of an affair . As such , it 's faintly soapy . But Kounen heightens the speculative circumstances by treating them like a dream .
The mystery - and the chief pleasure of this stylistic exercise - lies with the music .
The brief 1920s romance between the great French designer Coco Chanel and the great composer Igor Stravinsky has resulted in a movie as pedestrian as its title .
For at least a half hour , Coco Chanel & Igor Stravinsky is a brilliant and exciting film and seems almost sure to be one of the best of 2010 .
In the end , Coco & Igor offers little insight into its titular titans of modernism . There 's little understanding of their individual aesthetics , let alone how they -LRB- hypothetically -RRB- informed each other .
This impeccably made movie tells another chapter in the life of the famed designer with enough awkward , real-life details to make it thoroughly believable . If only the film did n't feel so plodding .
The camera swoops with all the precision and careful calculation of an art deco flourish . Scenes are composed with equal calculation , all form , no feeling
Ultimately , Kounen takes two hours to say not very much ; one imagines him constantly barking , `` More smoldering ! '' -LSB- but there 's -RSB- a captivating , fully realized recreation of the premiere ... -LSB- of -RSB- The Rite of Spring ...
Visually and thematically compelling ... only marred by the languid pacing , but it 's always better whenever Mikkelsen and Mouglalis are on screen together .
Intelligent , sensual ... Mikkelsen 's performance -LRB- as Stravinsky -RRB- is mesmerizing .
A persuasive depiction of the tempestuous affair of two 20th-century titans .
Stares may smolder , but the movie never catches fire .
A fascinating bit of erotic elegance , one that examines an unlikely affair even as it delves into the creative process of two wildly different innovators .
As Coco Chanel , Anna Mouglalis is brittle , shallow , and petty in all the right ways .
The ostensibly torrid affair at the film 's center plays out as a series of limply held -LRB- if urgently photographed -RRB- poses .
The movie , by Dutch director Jan Kounen , is all surfaces , set pieces , Significant Looks , and voguing -- the same strictures Chanel and Stravinsky sought to bust .
A stylish story of the passionate intimate relationship between two formidable creative individuals in 1920s Paris .
Exquisitely designed , lushly photographed , beautifully acted , this historic footnote to the secret lives of two of the most brilliant and fascinating people of the 20th century is absolutely mesmerizing . Who knew they were lovers ?
A Bergmanesque two-hour fantasia told through dour , elegiac stares .
Lit like a David Fincher music video and shot with a gliding camera approximating a wandering eye , Stravinsky strains to convince that its lascivious pleasures have historical import .
A stunning opening sequence sets an ambitious tone of fluid camerawork , the development of emotion over a series of moments , and the tacit communication of emotion .
Few films begin with the argumentative lucidity and utilitarian lyricism of Coco Chanel & Igor Stravinsky .
Coco Chanel is presented as a heartless home wrecker in director Jan Kounen 's pointless biopic drama ...
Unscrolling at the intersection of high art , drama and sex , Coco Chanel & Igor Stravinsky brings a pair of legends to vibrant life .
Director Jan Kounen 's complex , considered style brings to mind the '70s - era work of Bertolucci or Bergman ; little is explained , but all is shown % u2014 this is definitely a coffee , pie and conversation-after type film .
A sumptuous recreation of 1920s France and the unbridled affair between two of the century 's most iconic figures .
Coco and Igor manages to drag this sorry , unseemly yet hardly earth shattering affair into a two hour snore fest that barely leaves Coco 's house and will leave you wishing you had n't left yours .
The astonishing creation of mood and command over film style on display in Chanel Coco & Igor Stravinsky make it so much more than yet another biopic .
This presentation of two artists pursuing passion without concern for social or marital rules becomes a well-groomed melodrama that deflates interest by closely guarding the feelings of those involved .
A moody lament on the predatory nature of genius , this tale of the affair between Chanel and Stravinsky combines sumptuous moments of the sublime with an overly art-house self-consciousness .
It plays as handsomely dressed and decorated soft porn reverie : a kind of arty episode of The Bold and the Beautiful , without television 's tabloid briskness .
Sensual and lush , the feature has an unusual combination of heavy sexuality and creative obstruction , shaping something that 's not exactly reality , but far from fiction .
What amounts to a feature-length perfume commercial .
As the basis for a movie , it makes for a moving love story ; but it does n't really make much sense of two messy , complicated true lives .
Both the performances and the dialogue in this film are incredibly stilted , further compounding the sheer boredom that takes hold in the second half .
The film is very handsomely photographed and designed , an art deco lover 's dream . But it 's not a very fulfilling drama .
Coco was a multi-faceted woman , and it benefits an audience from seeing her different sides . If Coco Avant Chanel interested you , Coco Chanel & Igor Stravinsky is a must see .
A melancholy story and does n't find a satisfying way to end it . But there are still things to enjoy , notably Anna Mouglalis as Coco
A fascinating film whose seduction goes far beyond the affair between Coco and Igor
click for the full review

@highlight

It 's well-acted and beautifully filmed , but Jan Kounen 's dramatization of the affair between his famous subjects is curiously short on passion .