was mostly shocked by Vince Vaughan , who showed me for the first time that he was n't the long-delayed immature frat boy he so often plays , but actually an imperfect hilarious , yet often silly , character who 's main flaw is his selfishness .
The Break-Up is a funny and light comedy , but it tries to be something a bit more without being something a bit more , hampered by shoddy characterization , ending up a bit empty .
The two stars remain painfully wrong for each other
Is anxious to be a modern `` Annie Hall , '' but really it is just a tedious , glum , and god awful affair .
`` The Break-Up '' comes with a slap and a kiss that 's at once bracing and pleasing .
A word of caution to anyone heading off to see The Break-Up with the assumption that it is a romantic comedy : this is not a comedy movie with a serious side -- it is a serious movie with a comedic side .
Stereotypes across the board , puerile one-upmanship games , and an utter failure to explain why , indeed , these two even were together .
High-aimed intentions are thrown askew by the reliance on inconsistent laughs seemingly meant to break the otherwise overriding tension .
Right up there with the best of the revenge genre , and earns praise from this critic for its sophisticated brand of humor which kept me in stitches from start to finish .
Not even the tacked-on ending , hinting at some future sparks between Brooke and Gary , can lighten the sturm und drang in this break-up .
... `` The Break Up '' may go down with `` Fatal Attraction '' as the worst `` date '' movie of all time .
full review in Greek
There 's nothing broken about The Break-Up , which turns rom-com conventions on their side in free-wheeling fashion , and in doing so colorfully , wittily celebrates what it is about men and women that both attract one another and drives us crazy .
A romantic comedy that is neither romantic nor particularly funny .
A little broken , but worth the viewing .
-LSB- I -RSB- t combines a naked desire to please the audience with a try-anything approach of the kind that made Wedding Crashers such a desperate stab at entertainment .
It 's still very much a quick and painless Hollywood production , what slight genius there is in its premise dulled by the sheen of the high production values and its prettier-than-pretty cast .
It 's never less than entertaining and the chemistry between our two leads , whatever their personal circumstances , really holds things together .
This is that branch of the romantic comedy known as ` a relationship movie ' , but generally short on witty lines and amusing incidents .
The Break-Up does n't turn the rom-com on its head , but with its focus on the darker side of love manages to gently tip it on its side .
Aniston and Vaughn are both talented , appealing actors but there 's very little chemistry between them -LRB- despite their real-life relationship -RRB- and ... it 's hard to escape the conclusion that -LSB- Aniston 's character -RSB- could do better .
Sharp dialogue and detailed observations make it a good deal funnier than you might expect .
While consistently funny , The Break-Up deals in bitterness and revenge , sometimes in ways that cut closer to the bone than most fluffy romantic comedies .
Tende mais a drama com toques cômicos % u2013 e se você entrar no cinema compreendendo isto , certamente terá muito mais facilidade de se envolver com a história .
Think less Wedding Crashers and more War of the Roses minus the oddly romantic violence .
Breaking up may be hard to do . And it 's not so easy to watch , either .
Like the story of many broken down relationships : despite the initial attraction , you 're left feeling cheated .
This '' ` Break-Up '' is , unfortunately , hard to do .
Star power is an interesting thing , especially when it goes wrong .
Delivers something worthwhile to those open-minded enough to be able to settle with wild shifts between average satire and grounded pathos
It 's not a good sign when a movie is called The Break-Up and you ca n't wait for the couple to split so they 'll get some relief from one another , and give the audience some relief from them .
One seemingly terminal problem with the casting of Ms. Aniston and Mr. Vaughn is that neither of their careers has featured characters who excelled at one-to-one relationships with the opposite sex .
It fails because it neglects to create characters we care about .
Nil chemistry . How can Vaughn and Aniston be dating ? They do n't even like each other .
Every bit as unpleasant as it sounds . But the film 's intentions are to examine a separation , and the story achieves its set goals .
An extended sit-com played for laughs , with little to redeem itself . The two central characters are not the only ones who wish things had been different . I , for one , would have liked to laugh . Or cry . Or at least be entertained .
Oh , did you want to see a Jennifer Aniston romantic comedy ? Life is n't always about Hollywood expectations ; let 's cut Jennifer some slack and enjoy her doing good work .
In an era of formulaic romantic movies that bear no resemblance to reality , The Break-Up offers a refreshing flipside .
The behavior of the two main charactres exists solely to be `` cute , '' while giving us no reason to believe these two people should be together in the first place .
It 's frustrating , but it 's real .
Tensions predictably escalate and we 're forced to spend the rest of the movie pretending like we care if these two annoying slices of Wonder Bread end up together .
This is a tragedy with laughs , not a comedy .
... Comes apart at the seams , the victim of irreconcilable differences between Vaughn 's schtick and the flimsy script .
You end up hoping the serial killer from See No Evil will wander over from a neighboring auditorium and pluck out their eyes just to make it stop .
... at least it ends on a more positive note than Closer ...
With nothing genuine invested in either character , we can focus fully on how bland and churlish they are .
Go in expecting a romantic comedy , and you 'll be disappointed ; go in expecting a grueling dissection of a relationship that should never have started , and you might find it interesting .
I 'm not sure what it was trying to deliver , and I do n't think director Peyton Reed knows either .
Vaughn , who has fooled Hollywood into thinking he 's a real actor , has two basic styles : motor-riff quickly through dialogue or stand still and imitate a brick .
The only really nice thing about the story is that it does n't opt for a Hollywood happy ending .
Vaughn is a guy 's - guy kind of actor -- his characters are more comfortable shooting pool or knocking back beers than getting romantic on the couch -- so it 's no surprise that the chemistry he generates is with Favreau rather than Aniston .
The most interesting so far of this summer 's blockbuster disappointments , the film 's willingness to buck audience expectations and at least try for something tougher makes it an admirable failure .
This is a deeply conservative movie , not conservative in a political way but conservative in a Ward-and-June-Cleaver kind of way ...
Vince Vaughn kills me . Jennifer Aniston , I think , is underrated as a film actress .
` The Break-Up ' sticks to its guns -- interpret the title literally -- and is refreshingly better for it .
amusing at times , but neither the story nor the lead actors give us enough to care or laugh about .
` The Break-Up ' breaks down in the end
The emotional thread is unpleasant from beginning to end with the occasional comical quip sporadically thrown in .
A misguided comedy that relies on obnoxious characters and mean , abrasive behavior .
One of the things that is most intriguing about The Break-Up is how it shows the cruelty that people can inflict upon one another as soon as love fades .
The whole movie is a game of one-upsmanship , as each one tries to make the other more miserable . It gets increasingly ugly and painful . Then it ends .
A break-up of people from 2 different cultural worlds is inevitable , but this illustration does not rise beyond sitcom .
At least one draft short of brilliance ... -LSB- but -RSB- more palatable than the typical romantic comedy , thanks in large part to Vaughn 's engaging duets with the ensemble .
What starts out as a Doris Day-Rock Hudson romantic comedy morphs into ` Who 's Afraid of Virginia Woolf . '
Most romantic comedies are content to wade completely into the Moronic Fantasy pool , but The Break-Up earns some extra credit for actually mining a topic that `` normal Joe & Jane '' might actually be able to recognize .
When , oh when , will the scorching on-screen chemistry between Vince Vaughn and Jon Favreau finally be consummated ?
A rare category of date movie : We wish it played more like other date movies .
Is The Break-Up worth your time ? Let 's put it this way : Whenever Vaughn is onscreen , it is . When he 's not , it ai n't .
There 's something admirably perverse about The Break-Up , a movie that wants to jolt the tired romantic comedy genre by getting rid of the romance .
Their ongoing one-upmanship is awkward , juvenile , and not especially funny , yet underscored by so much honest pain you understand -- if not condone -- Gary and Brooke 's desperate actions .
In The Break-Up , men are slobs , women are passive-aggressive , and viewers opposed to broad brush strokes for either gender are sorely out of luck .
The movie is barely stenciled as a story . The romance never gains enough focus or momentum to make its crisis even comically involving .
The movie offers nothing funny , just a series of sour situations .
A love-it-or-hate-it mainstream romantic comedy in that makes a frill-free connection with its audience , whether that audience wants it or not . There 's nothing wrong with something that delivers belly laughs before striking at gut level .
The Break-Up , a grim excuse for a romantic comedy , is basically an hour and 45 minutes spent in the company of two unpleasant people during a miserable time in their lives .
There 's no reason not to see The Break-Up , but there 's also no reason , assuming the date is going well , not to skip it and order dessert .
Sour and unsavory , rather than a black comedy , it 's a bleak comedy .
It 's the most interesting spin on domestic strife since Michael Douglas and Kathleen Turner were hurling dishes at each other in The War of the Roses .
What ultimately makes The Break-Up so good and refreshing is its firm denial of the `` chick flick '' stamp of approval .
Brooke and Gary articulate their discontent with considerable precision and occasional verve . It 's that they have n't figured out a way to make emotional torment funny , which is the tall order inherent in anti-romantic comedy .
In short , The Break-Up is too accurate to be light-hearted , too light and flippant to be really romantic .
Here 's a movie that 's not worth getting all broken up about . Or for that matter , going broke to see .
A romantic comedy that 's short on both romance and comedy .
The fun parts of this movie actually occur when the two leads are not with each other but in their respective corners preparing for the next round .
What looks like a raucous frat-boy comedy is really a surprisingly canny depiction of a stagnant relationship .
With a movie unwilling to go for the jugular , it 's more like the dismal The Story of Us than The War of the Roses .
I do n't know if The Break-Up qualifies as a date movie . But it will serve as a cautionary tale for couples falling in love .
Listening to people bicker for almost two hours wears thin , especially when the comedy is never quite so funny as you had hoped it would be .
Are we seeing the emergence of a new type of * anti * - romantic comedy ?
It 's the movie 's wobbly tone and its betrayal of its characters in the name of niceness that dooms The Break-Up into being a film that will satisfy no one -- not even the bottom-line thinkers .
It 's hamhandedly squeezed through the Hollywood rom-com template , resulting in a movie as moribund as the relationship it portrays .
For all that goes wrong with The Break-Up , the most compelling question it raises has to do with the state of the romantic comedy during a cynical , prepackaged , reality-tv moment .
It might not be the frosted lemon tart that 's been advertised for months , but it is solid , satisfying fare -- flecked with humor , grounded in pain .
The Break-Up goes badly wrong . Although possessed of a laudable desire not to be yet another run-of-the-mill , wacky-impediment -- damned if the picture can figure out how to be an anti-romance comedy .
As an off-beat anatomy of a troubled couple , the film almost succeeds . As summer movie fun well , it 's not .
If you really feel the need to be bullied and insulted , just call up your HMO provider or reserve a table at an expensive restaurant .
This plot provides plenty of material , but director Peyton Reed and first-time screenwriters Jeremy Garelick and Jay Lavender pack the film with characters and subplots that do n't really go anywhere .
It does n't work as a revealing look at relationships or as a consistently funny comedy about the war between the sexes .
If 7 Up is the un-cola , consider The Break-Up , -- the un-romantic comedy .
A serviceable bit of relationship fluff buoyed by a couple of well-tuned performances from Aniston and Vaughn .
Like so many contemporary movies , The Break-Up does n't know when to call it quits , and the film finally expires after several false endings .
The Break-Up is a pleasant surprise to the open-minded .
Director Peyton Reed really does seem to be trying to probe for something more worthy , to find some insight into modern-day relationships , but it simply is n't there .
The Break-Up mostly just lies there -- alternately adoring and condemning its characters for their puppyish refusal to grow up .
This is a very watchable film ... not your standard rom-com garbage .
Akin to an unhealthy relationship , this self-described ` anti-romantic comedy ' begins hot and heavy before buckling beneath the weight of pointless conflicts and ridiculous game-playing .
The comedy , for lack of a better description , is not funny . It is churlish , childish and petulant .
The Break-Up is more like Annie Hall told with Chicago attitude and work ethic .
It 's not a relationship we become invested in , because all we see of it ... are still photos over the opening credits .
There 's something deviantly infectious about the twisted joy of revenge .
Aniston has always done some of her best acting in reaction shots , and Vaughn is a gold mine to react against .
Look , I 'm not talking about a masterpiece here . What I am talking about is a good film trying desperately to break out of the romantic comedy box and , for the most part , doing so .
While the situations are real and the dialogue is authentic , `` The Break-Up '' is mundane and trite .
The Break-Up is indeed the refreshingly anti-romantic comedy that it purports to be . But somehow in eliminating most of the clichés , some of the comic energy is zapped as well .
It 's at least trying to stay anchored in the real world , where cute couples do n't always make up and walk hand-in-hand into the sunset .
Vaughn and Aniston have remarkable chemistry , and both do a masterful job expressing the realities of such a sad and painful experience .
It genuinely tugs at our heartstrings as we witness two people in the agonizing throes of a crumbling relationship .
... there 's nothing terribly compelling about watching likable stars argue for close to two hours .
In spite of some laughs , and winning performances from Jennifer Aniston and Vince Vaughn , The Break-Up is more likely to make audiences squirm than cheer .
The Break-Up is so depressing , painful and awful to watch that I felt like I had just been through a bitter divorce myself .
For the movie to work , we would have to like the couple and want them to succeed . Despite some sincere 11th-hour soul-searching by Gary , we 're sorry , but we do n't want them back together , we want them to end their misery .
Nobody likes a fixed fight , except the backroom boys making the deal . Which is why The Break-Up may have its share of laughs , but is n't much fun .
The surprising thing about it is not how funny it is , as that 's to be expected , but how serious it is . Also surprising : It works .
The lack of climax and the ambiguous resolution cut closer to the bone than most summer fare , but the screenplay , by two writers making their feature debut , stays formulaic enough to never really draw blood .
It 's full of pain and quirky characters standing at oblique angles to one another , and while it does n't add up it held me throughout .
Vince Vaughn overreacting to Pictionary will certainly be on his highlight reel at the next awards show ... The greatest comedy is found in the deepest truths , and when the truth hurts , the experience can touch the full spectrum of emotion .
Eventually you 're just rooting for Gary and Brooke to get the whole ordeal over with , as much for the audience 's sake as for their own .
The Break-Up is ultimately a big budget heart-heavy indy film , and not a slapstick broad comedy as the ads would have you think ...
Break-Up could be viewed as the ultimate romantic comedy ; the rare picture that makes one thank heaven for all the good relationships they 've managed to luck into .
I think it 's courageous -- it 's something we 're not used to seeing from this category of movies these days . A stark honesty is presented here .
Do n't expect to crack up at The Break-Up .
Just because performers click romantically off-screen does n't mean you need to pay good money to watch them in movies that are less interesting than the stories they inspire in supermarket tabloids .
He likes Social Distortion , she likes Alanis Morrissette . And quite frankly , either `` Ball and Chain '' or `` Is n't it Ironic '' are both better takes on the modern relationship .
A decaffeinated and imbalanced War of the Roses where the occasional funny riff from Vaughn attempts to distract us from material which is far more familiar than he believes .
The Break-Up is much like a real relationship as it starts off all hilarious and fun , but you are tearing your hair out by the end .
you 'll be wishing they 'd just call it quits
The Break-Up ca n't work because it denies its protagonist his humanity , and us the pleasure of watching human characters do at least vaguely human things .
It is the Mutt & Jeff qualities of Aniston and Vaughn that have the most comic potential . Alas , it goes untapped here .
A brilliantly conceived romantic comedy reversal that turns the genre on its head .
If you value your time and your relationship , do n't see this on a date .
The filmmakers have wildly miscalculated the chemistry these real-life lovers generate on film .
The Break-Up does n't know whether it wants to be a facile , enjoyable date movie or an unnerving examination of the dark , pockmarked underbelly of everything we expect out of romantic relationships .
... a gloomy mishmash of ideas that never comes together and is hardly ever fun to watch .
An eye for the devil in the details gives the story its heart -- a broken heart , but that 's better than none at all .
The Break-Up is a refreshingly different romantic comedy , one that does n't so much rely on gimmicks as on digging around for genuine feelings .
Director Peyton Reed does n't quite bring the sharpness , litheness and attention to detail he brought to Bring It On and Down With Love to The Break-Up , which is nonetheless alternately funny and painful .
-LSB- not -RSB- a bad film , merely a mismarketed one ... a sad little Valentine from Mars to Venus
Vince Vaughn and Jennifer Aniston play a couple on the splits in a desultory modern version of the classic comedies of remarriage of the 1930 's and 40 's .
The summer 's biggest disappointment - though hardly the worst movie - so far .
If , as the ads would lead you to believe , you go to see The Break-Up expecting a romantic comedy , you will be severely disappointed . If you go to it expecting a good movie , you will also be severely disappointed .
Peyton Reed 's The Break-Up proves there is nothing particularly funny or charming about two people splitting up , even if the couple is played by Vince Vaughn and Jennifer Aniston .
We 're not talking Ingmar Bergman here , but suffice it to say that audiences expecting a raucous Vince Vaughn comedy -LRB- in the mold of , say , Old School -RRB- will find themselves laughing less than they 'd hoped .
As anticlimactic as an actual breakup , without any of the passion , the anger or the glimmers of hope that come from gradually parting with someone you love .
Terrific supporting cast with eccentric characters lifts this comedy above the norm ; Vaughn 's rapid fire delivery of witty stream-of-consciousness dialogue really scores .
For all of its comedic nosedives , the film is frank and uncompromising as a study of the final weeks of a relationship .
A sporadically funny comedy about a crisis in the relationship of a smiley couple who seem to think that life should be an endless run of happy days .
Take the funny away from Vaughn , and you 've got Return to Paradise , and nobody wants to see that .
She 's identified almost entirely by her haircut at the end -- just as the actress who plays her has been for much of her career .
It 's a checklist of summer-movie elements arranged with enough care to suggest that it should add up to more than a pleasant diversion .
A wishy-washy little relationship comedy that 's nowhere near as nasty as it evidently wants to be .
The Break-Up is too badly fractured to be deemed repairable .
The Break-Up is like an uncomfortable party that you ca n't wait to leave .
The movie 's crazy insistence on going its own way shows flashes of genius .
Until a cop-out ending , this is War of the Roses territory , where laughs take no prisoners .
Watching these likable actors flounder around as they try to save a picture that 's not worth saving is , well , depressing .
What 's strange about The Break-Up is that , despite the alleged deep love between Gary and Brooke , you never get the sense that much is at stake .
The Break-Up fails to freshen the stale news that women are from Venus and men are from Mars .
To call it erratic would be to imply there was a course it went off , but the film 's intentions are impossible to fathom . It 's a romantic comedy in which the romance comes stillborn and in which the comedy barely exists .
You have no desire to see them either get back together or murder one another - you just want them to leave each other alone . And that 's not exactly compelling cinema .
As Neil Sedaka famously observed , breaking up is hard to do , but it proves even harder to watch in this shrill , sour comedy .
Plays like a 106-minute highlight reel of three seasons of a sitcom that jumped the shark midway through the sophomore year .
Busts loose with every cool white guy urban cliché from baseball to video games ... but the women save the day
... the film still clicked for me because it was set around a realistic situation to which many people can relate and was peppered with laughs and even some genuine emotion .
Not a typical , formulaic , feel-good romantic-comedy ... Plays a bit like Best Friends for a younger generation .
When they break up , which happens pretty early in this self-professed ` anti-romantic comedy , ' it does n't seem tragic . It just makes sense .
The Break-Up is being marketed as an ` unconventional romantic comedy , ' but the only thing unconventional about it is that it 's not romantic and it 's not a comedy .
It 's like watching the ` we were on a break ' episode of Friends stretched to feature length ...
This one , in every sense , is fake .
A sometimes entertaining film , it just never gels .
A borderline-schizophrenic tone regularly undercuts both the nasty , biting humor and weepy sentimentality .
The movie plays like Scenes From a Marriage for 14-year-olds .
Their trademark good guy and girl blow their mutual affability in a dull show of falling apart .
Aggressively marketed as anti-romantic comedy , this War of the Exes is endless parade of bickering in which Aniston is even less charming than the usual ! For nastier and funnier separation comedies , rent War of the Roses and Albert Brooks ' Modern Romance .
Ill-conceived virtually from the opening frame as a self-described ` anti-romantic comedy . '
After a promisingly quirky start , Break-Up suffers a major breakdown from which it never recovers .








@highlight

This anti-romantic comedy lacks both laughs and insight , resulting in an odd and unsatisfying experience .