High hopes , flat results .
Chris Columbus , who managed to suck the magic out of the first two Harry Potter films , does the same with this adaptation .
As strong as the music is , there 's not much tying Rent together ; it 's a series of sequences , not a story .
A TV-special metallic ring hangs over the whole production , skimming surfaces without touching emotion
If a bunch of models living in a huge apartment without income is America , then I live in Bizarro World ...
film , za razliku od predstave , daleko bolje isti % u010De jednodimenzionalnost i neuvjerljivost likova
Recommended , but only for shut-ins who ca n't make it to a local live theater production of the play .
Crafted with obvious care and deep love by director Chris Columbus and his team .
For all the big themes Rent deals with -- love , death , injustice , community -- it still seems a bit superficial
Fans of the original stage production wo n't be disappointed , but as a film it 's frequently tedious and way too long .
Beautiful cinematography and great acting assure an enjoyable experience for fans of the musical , but there are better options for people who do n't already love it .
Fans of the original might greet this adaptation with mixed emotions , while curious newcomers are left with an earnest but ultimately pointless big-screen byproduct .
It comes off like a sequel to the ever-annoying Fame where the kids never moved out of New York or learned anything from Debbie Allen .
Even more universally entertaining than `` Chicago '' ... the performances are sensational . . you 'll be definitely humming some of its tunes in the car ride home
Despite my frustration at the willful stupidity of some of the main characters , I had to just sit back and let all that beautiful singing wash over me .
If you are a fan of the show , you will very likely enjoy the film .
The play may have felt fresh nearly ten years ago , but the film version is about as edgy as Pat Boone covering Nirvana .
The movie , directed without a personal stamp of any kind by Chris Columbus , is so slick that the grime comes from a spray can and the grungy bohemian costumes look rented from a Betsey Johnson boutique sale .
What we 're left with , in place of directorial pizzazz , is the sheer impact of the original show .
Rent features an attractive cast , sharp lyrics , bright music and a storyline that has passed muster for over 100 years
People are always jumping up on tables , bartops , any flat surface available , as if to say ` Who needs nice furniture ? Let 's scuff the world ! '
It 's real -- and , on screen , it 's really cringe-worthy . Not quite Phantom of the Opera cringe-worthy , but not as much fun to blow raspberries at , either .
If you feed them , beware . They wo n't leave you alone and they wo n't sit in your lap and purr , either .
However electrifying Rent may have seemed on Broadway a decade ago , on the big screen its musical and dramatic shortcomings ca n't be ignored .
Taking the film Rent on its own terms , it succeeds as rock opera , and its likely target audience wo n't be upset that the original lovely , lyrical score has been translated to a group of mostly pounding rock songs .
The material is real , and Columbus goes at it head-on , moving from dialogue to song and back again without awkwardness or apology .
Rent , for all its feel-good desperation and plague-battered bonhomie , arrives in theatres with the curious but unmistakable air of an artifact from another time , even another world .
This just might be the single most shockingly good movie I 've seen all year , and with as underwhelming as much of this fall 's more high profile flicks have been Rent could n't have come at a better time .
Constantly dragged down into mediocrity by Chris Columbus ' dreary , rhythm-challenged direction .
Dated Rent
`` Rent '' is worth saving up for .
Columbus has made his finest , most emotionally rich film yet .
You may not leave the theater humming a happy tune , but if you 're a fan of this musical , I 'm sure you 'll find it a treat .
` Rent ' has so much going for it . . a viable storyline , rich , likeable characters , and plenty of toe-tapping , snappy , memorable songs .
The outre flip side of Friends ... Larson 's Big Apple is smaller and seedier than most , and ripe for parody .
Evict them .
For those who dig Larson 's vision , Rent is a wild , emotional rush through the cold streets and tattered bodies and souls , with gripping music to boot .
Although it is indeed an entertaining and noble attempt to bring the hugely popular Broadway musica Rent to the big screen , something is unfortunately lost in the translation .
There were times where I was convinced that ' 525,600 minutes ' was n't a lyric , but the actual running time of the film .
Easy to like and even easier to hum .
`` Rent '' needed to be directed by a Martin Scorsese or a Spike Lee , a director with both a gift for gritty material and a confidence and familiarity with shooting New York City .
while I can admire the film for its efforts , Rent comes across as a somewhat lackluster performance when compared to the stage version that I so dearly love .
A stylistic mess all around .
Rent reminds me of the first Harry Potter in many ways , in that it 's directed modestly well but without any flair or personality
The film captures the beautiful spirit and the raw energy of Larson 's play , and it respects the wonderful , gorgeous , life-affirming music .
Despite the characters ' authentic ghetto jet-setting , Rent the movie ca n't move the audience like its live stage brother , or maybe I should say sister .
`` Rent '' is a wet blanket musical compared to the likes of `` West Side Story '' or `` Cabaret . ''
The cast is uniformly amazing , but special mention must be made of Rosario Dawson , who 's sexy as hell and a surprisingly great singer .
Rent works best as a centaur creation : half-movie , half-play , plunging into theater world in all its mindless , cheesy , sentimental splendor .
RENT is mediocre and recommended only to those who can claim a familiarity with the play .
Columbus has talked admirably about his wish to preserve and honor the play . But he 's turned Larson 's homage to the energy and vitality of youth into a mere facsimile , a stuffy memorial to Larson .
-LSB- A -RSB- n oversaturated , manipulative mess ...
A mediocre , unimaginative , inefficient filmmaker , Columbus delivers a Rent that is n't so much bad as perfunctory .
As directed by Columbus , Jonathan Larson 's East Village reworking of ` La Boheme ' in the age of AIDS retains its calisthenic pathos , as well as most of its original cast , but you 'd have to be a real Rent-Head to envisage Academy Awards in its future .
something more is needed than a thumbed nose at convention to make a work dazzle and RENT , the movie , does n't dazzle , in fact it 's barely able to stifle a yawn
` Rent ' has come to the screen too late to have any real impact ...
delivers 135 minutes that pay proper homage to Jonathan Larson
Rent may not be the same transformative experience on film as it was on the stage , but Jonathan Larson 's creation is strong enough to withstand a shift in mediums with plenty of its appeal still intact .
Wait for the ` rent ' - al. .
Onscreen , the musical numbers at times feel episodic and the narrative loses momentum .
It seemed to be what a modern Judy Garland/Mickey Rooney musical would turn into if the characters were hooked on heroin and AZT .
Yes , they may warble about poverty , AIDS and rebellion , but it 's hard to care .
Chris Columbus 's best movie since Adventures in Babysitting ... You do n't have to like the Bohemian artsy fartsy world to get into it .
... that rare musical that just might appeal to folks that ordinarily shun the genre .
` Five hundred twenty-five thousand , six hundred minutes . ' These opening lyrical lines of Rent also seem to describe how long it takes for a viewer to sit through the movie .
Chris Columbus has managed to make his first great film . -LRB- this despite the odious characters who we 're supposed to love -RRB-
Vibrant , energetic , exuberantly powerful
In a stagy way , Chris Columbus ' adaptation captures this Generation-X attitude toward relationships with pinpoint accuracy -- even if it captures little raw emotion .
Though the play 's targeted political and social imbalances remain entrenched -- Chris Columbus ' movie version of Rent , first staged in 1996 , seems dated .
Would things have been different had Spike Lee directed ? We may never know , but I 'll bet he would have shot in the city rather than a phony looking studio back lot .
Director Chris Columbus has done what any smart filmmaker would do with a musical and let the songs dictate his movie .
When all is said and done , `` Rent '' is a celebration of life , no matter how you are forced to face it . ... a testament that all of us should live those 525,600 minutes like each one is our last .
I could have done without seeing Idina Menzel 's pale white butt . Rent contains a lot of real Hit and Miss Moments With Little Room For A Middle Ground .
The times have changed , but this period piece musical about protesters unfortunately has n't .
Most of the musical numbers are n't stylized -LRB- a natty tango number is an exception -RRB- but based in a Hollywood-gritty reality that at times feels silly .
The scourge of rock-opera , a musical mutation that manages to combine the least savory elements of both with the advantages of neither .
If nothing else , the movie reveals Jonathan Larson 's musical to be an illuminating time capsule of a wild period immediately before and after the scourge of AIDS .
Treasuring what Larson and his young cast did , Columbus has made it vital again , showbizzy but only sometimes corny .
Rent offers rambunctious rock 'n' roll moments not seen on-screen since Hair and Fame .
The strong cast matches a score and a script with enough rich humor and humanity to entice viewers .
Do n't miss Rent .
In terms of its music and lyrics Rent flickers more than it flames .
They 're saying Rent was of its moment . They 're saying that moment has passed . So the point of making the movie is ... ?
Rent is n't nearly as transporting a film as the Oscar-winning adaptation of Chicago , but its energies and passions compensate for a lot of its deficiencies .
Rent takes to the streets of New York and convulses in song and dance for nearly two solid hours .
Now a vastly larger audience has the chance to experience the masterwork of a prodigiously talented man who died far too young .
Why is it that struggling artists who sing , paint or write about their struggles usually seem to produce the worst art ?
Although Larson supposedly based Rent on people he knew , the whole enterprise feels as shallow , impersonal and opportunistic as one of those Hollywood action blockbusters designed to be easily translated into other languages and cultural idiom .
RENT continues the excellence that Moulin Rouge and Chicago forged for the rebirth of the cinematic musical .
Inspired by La Boheme , its emotions are still operatic , but the score , for the most part , is good old rock 'n' roll .
Larson 's music has been given an intoxicating urgency , and the performances are outstanding .
The music and direction feel generic but the cast deserves credit for squeezing every possible drop of emotion out of the material .
You 'll hear more soul in your parents ' scratchy collection of Ray Conniff albums .
Though Jonathan Larson 's peculiarly powerful musical survives the many botched film elements , it 's still a missed opportunity .
... heart , after all , is what `` Rent '' has always been about . For all this movie 's bumbling and stumbling , it still is .
Time has been kind to the impoverished but sexy middle-class dropouts of Rent , who no longer come off as Broadway-mall versions of the last urban renegades in America .
This pop-opera twist on La Bohème rocks the house with its tale of bohemian buds in late - '80s New York City .
Rent is still Rent , and devotees should adore it while haters will hate it -LRB- there are , apparently , plenty of both -RRB- .
Too often seems like a late-season American Idol episode that 's all Abdul encouragement without any Simon snarkiness .
Besides these soaring , grand slam sequences , the film dips too often into thudding melancholy , lifeless numbers or dangling subplots .
Columbus should be credited for preserving the showstopping vigor of a stage production that was stronger on oomph than on depth .
Rent falls betwixt and between the odd intimacy of theater and the glorious bigness of film -- and vice versa .
-LSB- Columbus -RSB- launders the grit right out of Rent , choosing to give the movie the glossy and faux shadowy look of a Bud Light commercial .
I 've never seen the stage musical Rent , but the movie had me at hello .
If you fell in love with the big-hearted sentimentality of Rent when you saw it onstage , the film version will remind you why .
Definitely fits in the tearjerker category ... so if you want something besides holiday cheer , there 's no day like today to check this out .
Yes , Rent is about penniless artists who ca n't afford to eat or pay their electric bills . But must their straits extend to the threadbare filmmaking , too ?
If Rent works -- and most of the time , it does so flawlessly -- it is because it remains Rent .
A big-hearted , grandly emotional and -- alas -- uneven artistic endeavor .
Broad stereotypes engaged in shallow versions of complex issues .
A touching cinematic experience of a rousing call-to-arts .
There 's a moment in which Roger -LRB- Adam Pascal -RRB- , the burnout rocker , singingly accuses Mimi of looking 16 . She could have easily retorted , `` You look 40 . ''
No wonder these idiots are broke .
Though the storyline is sparse and it 's about 30 minutes longer than it needs to be , there 's still something about it that 's hard to shake .
Eight thousand fortysome irretrievable seconds , how do you measure the time that you wasted on Rent ?
If you have any appreciation for the art of the movie musical , Rent is pretty much a washout .
Rent is commodified faux bohemia on a platter , eliciting the same kind of numbing soul-sadness as children 's beauty pageants , tiny dogs in expensive boots , Mahatma Gandhi in Apple ads .
Those who have an enduring affection for Rent should enjoy the film , at least on a nostalgia level .
Rent showcases the hipster trend of getting nostalgic about grime and crime : it 's slumtimental .
Despite many flaws , all the energy , emotion and generation-defining power that made it such a phenomenon on stage comes through on celluloid .
Ultimately , the emphasis on flash disengages viewers from the story 's emotional core , which is the exact opposite of what Larson intended .
Stage original Taye Diggs , playing an erstwhile friend turned evictor , actually made a stronger screen impression in Malibu 's Most Wanted .
Rent is about as timely now as Gigi .
Onstage , Rent is a series of power surges , but in the movie the songs leave you flat .
There 's still something staid and doggedly stagebound about this Rent , a reluctance to set out for someplace unique and engage the audience on purely cinematic terms .
Chris Columbus 's film affirms that Rent belongs in the pantheon of immortal musicals celebrating the self-dramatizing and resilient spirit of youth .
Those who have n't seen Rent on the stage will sense they 're missing something , and they are .
The movie makes the story accessible to everyone , without diminishing the musical 's revolutionary , youthful heart .
-LSB- Afield -RSB- from its off-Broadway origins , but the intimacy afforded by the camera and ... most of the original cast occasionally restore the emotional vitality of the piece .
If nothing else , it 's now a revisitable , visually represented document of a very good show .
Wwill someone please rescue Chris Columbus 's movies from the tyranny of the reaction shot ?
Think Angels In America crossed with Tommy created by someone with no training in the world of drama or songwriting .
Once it develops ... Rent is a moving , emotional film with some exciting music .
Through Columbus 's eyes , Rent is beautiful , passionate , toe tapping , stirring , and reflective , following the lead set by the Broadway show and taking it to even greater heights .
The nearly nonstop , opera-like deployment of unmemorable , unmelodic , lip-synched songs exacerbates the undeniable fact that the play is a fictional contrivance .
one of the most refreshingly exuberant films of the year
The film should please fans who helped make the play a hit and its soundtrack a bestseller -- but it is unlikely to spread the love to many new converts .
There 's certainly a time and a place for Rent , but on the evidence of this film , it 's not in 2005 or on the screen .
The soul of Larson 's then-timely passion play is intact ; bring on the Sing-A-Long version .
Menzel and Martin are jump-off-the-screen superstars , fiery , gutsy , and touching . Dawson and Thoms match the old-timers every step of the way .
Standing on a table at an all-night cafe and singing about how The Man wo n't get you down is cute when you 're just out of college . When you look 35 , you need to stop whining and get a job .
Viva la vie boheme . ... largely throws out the Hollywood rule book and remains refreshingly true to composer Jonathan Larson 's Pulitzer-winning original .
This is a well-constructed and achingly earnest movie that should be put in a time machine and sent back a decade , when it was relevant .
Whatever qualities powered Rent to its numerous theater awards and long run onstage are missing from this charmless floperetta .
... it is easy to understand how this play made stars of its then unknowns . The cast is fabulous .
Without the immediacy you get from live theater , you 're always going to feel at arm 's length listening to people sing simple bits of dialogue like ` I 'm so mad I do n't know what to do , ' or , um , ` Hello . '
If Columbus had a concept for the movie , it 's not evident , and many of his decisions feel random .
An emotional , exhilarating experience , Rent is alive with such boundless energy and joy that it is one of the year 's most purely entertaining cinematic efforts .
No amount of confident theatrical pedigree will carry a movie musical in the wrong directorial hands .
In a lot of ways the film treatment many fans have envisioned for years , and that 's the problem ; it does n't quite communicate how special and affecting the material is to those unfamiliar with it .
The film 's reliance on too many thematically obvious -LRB- though marvelously belted -RRB- group songs delays evocative conversations like an overdue rent check .
I hated every 135 minutes of it . Heroic HIV-positive New Yorkers who do nothing and do not want to pay rent . They worship a flirty drag queen named Angel .
Proves that lame musicals tend to make even lamer movies .
Get a job for God 's sake , people , and bring back some better songs while you 're out .
Sexy , spectacular , and one of the best movies of 2005 .
-LSB- How is it ? -RSB- Loud and shrill . Bring earplugs . Seriously .
Chris Columbus has pasted the grungy La Boheme update onto film with slavish respect for the original material but a shortage of stylistic imagination and raw emotions .
Rent is one of the best film musicals in years -- exuberant , sexy and life affirming in equal measure .
Spend some of the 525,600 minutes allotted to you this year with this soulful rock musical and it will speak passionately to the romantic and rebel within you .
Mr. Columbus , I apologize for doubting in you !
Jonathan Larson 's heartfelt story shines through - despite the best efforts of director Chris Columbus .
One would have to be made of stone not to respond to at least something in this vivid score , and it sounds marvelous .
Generic songs , too much amplification , but worth a look .
Seeing this musical journey reduced to a screen with speakers is like staring at the Mona Lisa through a layer of glass . It just does n't have the same impact .
Chris Columbus may be the wrong director for the musical version of Larson 's stage play , considering the tough subject -LRB- AIDS , poverty , homelessness -RRB- , and some of the actors are too old .
I have n't seen this much tightly packed multi-talent squeezing the melodic and emotional juices out of a ripe theme since Fame in 1980 .
Heart is the core and foundation of Rent , and it is what powers the film past its flaws into a truly transformative experience .







@highlight

Fans of the stage musical may forgive Rent its flaws , but weak direction , inescapable staginess and an irritating faux-boho pretension prevent the film from connecting on screen .