The creepiness here comes not just from the head-chomping , but also from the way young women are treated in this tiny , medieval village .
Director Catherine Hardwicke is out to tap into the demographic of 13 to 18-year-old tweens who fund these gothic soap operas with their babysitting money .
There 's no tension or angst in this movie ... and the cheapsies SFX and bored , disinterested performances from the cast killed whatever moody emo vibe Hardwicke was trying to evoke .
Until women stop making movies about girls who are independent only as far as what man they choose to be with , they 're never going to be considered for anything meatier .
Terminally stiff .
While it 's nice to see renewed interest in genre fiction from a teenage girl standpoint , these new monsters do n't have much bite to them .
Gary Oldman is the one bright light in this tired drama that deserves neither his talent or your time .
` Beware the wolf , ' warn Red Riding Hood 's posters and television ads . Be even warier of this movie .
Trite dialogue , poor special effects and an insubstantial storyline make this one a bit of a dud .
The CGI wolf would have been rubbish a decade ago , the clearly indoor village set looks like it once featured in an old episode of Star Trek and the central love story is lacking in bite .
For all the heaving bosoms , the big-eyed flirtation and the cool Medieval fairytale hair products , it does n't work .
With this film and the first `` Twilight , '' Hardwicke has shown that she does n't have much talent for direction and that she is n't that good a judge of material if this is the kind of film she keeps choosing .
Catherine Hardwicke , what the Hell happened ?
it perfectly sums up the muddled feeling of a gothic horror romance that never feels all that romantic nor particularly scary .
Sexualising a beloved children 's fairy tale seems an odd move , but when flanked by an unoriginal story and lacklustre performances , that appears to be the least of the film 's problems .
`` Oh my God , you can talk , '' Valerie exclaims at one point when confronted by the wolf -LRB- he ca n't -RRB- . Oh my God , I 've wasted almost two hours of my life in this theatre .
Have you had questions about the motivations of the wolf , or suspicions about Grandma ? Have you pondered the sexual connotations of this age-old fairy tale ? Me neither . Just the same , someone has made a movie about ...
Like Twilight , makes the shallow desire to run away with a boy the heroine 's main concern .
Bloodless on every level .
What truly needs abolishing is the notion that the wretched Twilight saga is worth emulating .
This one 's a retake on ` Twilight . ' I 'd hang out in a different hood if I had the chance .
... this gorgeously-mounted production fails to rouse the primitive ferocity of the primal beauty and the beast tale .
Mildly diverting if you 're curious , but do n't expect to be blown away .
Mixes the melodrama of Twilight with the hokey horror of The Village but falls short of being ` so bad its good . ' It 's just not good .
This movie is just a lot of people staring at each other by the light of a fire .
We always suspected the kid in the red cloak had a dark side . The new `` Red Riding Hood '' starring Amanda Seyfried confirms our suspicions .
Dismal failure is redeemed only by the occasional inadvertent laugh
Neither a horror film nor an effective teen-skewing romantic fable , Red Riding Hood fails to find the teen lit niche it seeks .
The whole Twilight lusting-to-lose-her-virginity-to-her-true-love story falls even flatter in a Grimm historical setting . Anachronistic , true-romance clichés sap the plot 's strength , while the visuals get more and more predictable .
Social and sexual tension is nil , thus making a perfect fit with the clawless drama .
Evokes less menace than a Teddy bear 's picnic and is as disappointingly reactionary as the Bella Swan brigade .
A boring mess , neither scary nor sexy enough to justify its innovations .
The heart of the teenage girl may well be a dark forest - but never one quite so naff as this .
Every time Hardwicke 's film threatens to veer into dark , unsettling territory , it 's sweetened with sickly sweet romance .
The result is a curious beast , part whodunit , part teen romance , and all of it a clunker .
Grim not Grimm .
There is no sexual or romantic chemistry .
Really , werely disappointing .
The plot proves surprisingly suspenseful as , Agatha Christie-like , the culprit could be anyone .
The Company of Wolves did it so much better back in 1984 .
Who 's afraid of the Big Bad Wolf ? No one who sees the specimen in Red Riding Hood , that 's for sure .
Is this supposed to be funny ?
Red Riding Hood is a fantasy fairy tale with a twist of Twilight , but it does n't quite come together , despite some striking images and a strong performance from Seyfried .
Twilight without any heat , feeling , fun or sparkly skin . Yes , it 's that lame .
At once a lacklustre tale of star-crossed lovers and a whodunit of staggering mediocrity .
Disappointingly , once again Hardwicke relies more on visual appeal than decent dialogue . But teenage girls , for whom this movie is made , will lap it up .
The village looks like an Amish suburb of LA peopled by dentally-perfect specimens with Hollywood hair and rustic smocks by Donna Karan .
Yes , there 's enough connection with the source 's underlying issues of repression and desire to give this reason to exist , but , boy , does Hardwicke labour in getting from fairy tale to would-be psycho-thriller .
Best trip to Grandma 's House ever .
It feels like a mopey medieval Twilight flashback livened up by the odd bit of overacting .
Red Riding Hood is actually a fun , goofy ride , albeit one lathered in chintz and froth .
Oldman and Seyfried prove to be the big attractions , but Hardwicke 's Riding Hood legend still lacks bite .
The Red Riding Hood trailer was roundly mocked by some sceptics , who said it looked like Twilight in a puce cloak . A disgustingly cynical notion ... that 's turned out to be one hundred per cent correct .
It 's the seriousness with which Hardwicke treats the tale that proves its undoing .
If you 're watching any big Hollywood movie that thinks it 's smarter than you , you can generally figure that kind of thing out all by yourself long before the protagonist .
Once it finally gains momentum , it 's not too bad . It 's a bit like an old-fashioned whodunit but with werewolves . If only it knew what it wanted to be .
The finale is almost laughable . Even hardcore Goths will be bored .
More `` Twilight '' than Grimm , and a terrible mess .
By the time the narrative segues into its seemingly endless witch-hunt phase , Red Riding Hood has certainly established itself as a turkey of almost impressive proportions .
What is going on with this fairy tale thing ? First ` Beastly ' and now this .
Red Riding Hood clearly aims to scare , yet Hardwicke 's direction is about as tense as a broken rubber band .
Gets dumber and dumber as it sinks further and further into a story that makes less and less sense as it tangles itself up in more and more inconsistent ` folklore . '
Hardwicke and screenwriter David Johnson reduce the ` blossoming womanhood ' symbolism of the age-old fairytale to hoary , muddled werewolf-bloodline malarkey .
Say what you want about Red Riding Hood , but it 's the best sexy psychoanalytical soap opera fantasy you 'll see all year . In fact , it may well be the only one you 'll ever see .
The trouble with the film is that there seems to have been no attempt to ground it in any sort of reality ; even the celebratory bacchanal is just plain weird .
The explanation takes away a good deal of the mystery and menace , not to mention the comic energy , of the original story and the many versions it has inspired .
Seyfried gets by on three expressions -- wonder , bewilderment and a frozen-faced commingling of both .
The once promising filmmaker has created two of the worst supernatural thrillers in recent memory in Twilight and now the excruciating Red Riding Hood .
The poster 's tagline promotes the film as `` a breathtaking vision of a 700 year old legend '' -LRB- note that the legend is ' 700 years old ' and not ' 700 years long ' as I had begun to suspect midway through the screening -RRB- .
Red Riding Hood proves to be a bloodless supernatural tween drama , which revolves around a laughable love triangle and some of the worse acting seen thus far this year .
Hardwicke directed Twilight , you 'll recall , and would apparently like to continue directing it , over and over again .
If production design and cinematography were enough , this would be a striking success
Have you spent years wondering what the whole story was behind the fable of Little Red Riding Hood ? Have you had questions about the motivations of the wolf , or
The idea of updating a children 's story into a adult nightmare is a good one , and someone could still do it with this story , because ` Red Riding Hood ' fails .
Red Riding Hood is sort of like a hook-up that you remember more or less fondly but still would never tell your friends about .
Unmistakably indifferent to everything she 's forced to chaperon , Hardwicke 's direction is mostly lazy , and tremendously derivative .
Hood a real Howler .
Against the phony sets and effects , Valerie 's world seems more like a cheap stage rather than a realistic fantasy world , making the film 's own flaws and missed opportunities clear as day even in the dark of night .
... hilariously awful ...
This Red Riding Hood loses sight of the forest for the trees on its way to Grandma 's house .
What big clichés you have !
Catherine Hardwicke is Anne Rice with a camera .
Too bad Hardwicke did n't adapt The Scarlet Letter -- better yet , she could have transformed the asinine Easy A .
A grim fairy tale full of beautiful young people and make up perfect older ones
Better than just another imitation Twilight , but that 's all it really is .
My , what big eyes Seyfried has , the better to see -- what ? Like Hardwicke 's previous films -LRB- even ` The Nativity Story ' -RRB- , this is an extreme coming-of-age story about young people coping with extraordinary circumstances . Yet the focus is unclear ...
Just when you think you 've finished with one of these annoying franchises , another one pops up to plague you .
This movie is terrible .
Tepid , twisted re-imagining of Charles Perrault 's medieval fable - but the melodramatic script never makes much sense and chemistry is entirely lacking between the heroine and her suitors .
Taking a bloody dagger to centuries of folklore , the producers of Red Riding Hood have shamelessly turned the Little Red Riding Hood legend into a carbon copy of the Twilight movies .
Not as awesomely awful as Twilight , though director Hardwicke dwells in the same overwrought , teenage fever-dream , while her cast embraces the campiness as if knowing they 've signed up for a giant blot on their CVs .
Despite the ill-advised advertising , this is not a horror film or a Twilight knock-off . It 's a mystery , and a good one with fine acting , pace , and ambience .
... for all of Red Riding Hood 's $ 42 million budget Hollywood still ca n't create a convincing werewolf ; so far , CGI has yet to surpass the practical make-up effects employed by An American Werewolf in London or The Howling 30 years ago .
This shameless , joyless affair hinges on a whodunit mystery that is so obvious in the first reel , it leaves you wondering : Is that all there is ? Unfortunately , it is .
It 's a safe bet that if the volume of the laughter in the theater is amplified in direct proportion to how serious any given scene was obviously meant to be , then you 've probably got a failure of notable and classic proportions on your hands .
The most unintentionally hilarious movie to come along since `` Burlesque '' and at least in the case of that film , the wolves on display were far more convincing .
They live outside a forest ruled by a werewolf . JUST MOVE ! It 's only thatched huts we 're talking about . It 's not like they 're locked in with property values like we are today . They can build more thatched huts be another forest .
My husband insists that ` Red Riding Hood ' is a ` Lifetime ' flick set in Medieval times . He could be right .
It 's hard to bury oneself in the picture 's moody period setting when the central thrust remains that Valerie basically has to choose between Justin Bieber and a Jonas Brother .
If you 're a Twilight fan , you may feel as though you 've already seen this . And if you 're not , well , why would you be interested in something like this at all ?
This suspense-filled mystery keeps the audience guessing as to the human identity of the werewolf . This crowd-pleasing guilty pleasure will exceed all your expectations . It turns a familiar children 's bedtime story into a. . .
Grandma 's house exudes the fairy-tale atmosphere Hardwicke strived for , but it 's too little too late . By then it 's clear that Seyfried 's leading men are bland , the pacing plods , and the story needed more development .
After ` Red Riding Hood , ' Hardwicke might have a tough time holding onto whatever clout she has left . Who 'd have thought going to grandma 's could be such a nightmare ?
Hardwicke directs the film as if it were one long music video or medieval rave .
Not nearly suspenseful enough to pass as a horror film , Red Riding Hood is an awkward supernatural whodunit weighed down by banal dialogue more suited to a teen soap and Hardwicke 's clumsy direction .
What do you get when you cross ` Twilight ' with a cherished children 's story ? Do n't ask .
can not find the sting of longing sexuality even when the heroine essays a literal roll in the hay
A passable young-adult thriller .
Red Riding Hood is like 2010 's The Wolfman covered in teenage bubble gum schlock .
Oh , the smoldering glances , the trembling fingers and that blood red cloak , signaling Valerie 's readiness to enter womanhood . There might as well be flashing arrows on the screen .
This thing is so heavy-handed , so overly melodramatic , so unabashedly sensationalistic it 's almost like Hardwicke and Johnson were making it all up as filming went along .
Red Riding Hood is pretty decent , considering it 's , you know , Red Riding Hood .
Red Riding Hood has the added inconvenience of being dreadfully serious about a plot so preposterous , it demands to be filmed by Monty Python .
Hardwicke does succeed in creating a dark , claustrophobic atmosphere over the proceedings , even in daylight .
You 'll howl alright ; this is the funniest movie I 've seen all year . Yes , it 's supposed to be a horror flick .
Adolescent melodrama curdles into gooey , processed cheese in this fangless fairytale adaptation .
About as bad as it could be . Gary Oldman chews a bit of scenery , but even he ca n't save this disasterous new spin of the Brothers Grimm classic .
The unfortunate combination of a hackneyed script and inexperienced acting makes the film feel like the big-budget version of a bad high-school play .
This is n't your typical fairy tale version of Little Red Riding Hood.Actually , it 's hard to tell just what this film by Catherine Hardwicke is meant to be .
Even with the always excellent Julie Christie doing grandma , there is n't much director Catherine Hardwicke can do with writer David Johnson 's soap opera script .
Twilight-esque fairy-tale thriller mixes sexuality , horror .
Though it 's directed by Twilight 's Catherine Hardwicke , its target teen audience is likely to find the period trappings and timid bloodletting silly and irrelevant .
Another idiot child of `` Twilight , '' `` Red Riding Hood , '' directed by original `` Twilight '' director Catherine Hardwicke -LRB- `` Thirteen '' -RRB- , arrives , and the Twi-hards are about to get hoodwinked .
Red Riding Hood is truly film at its worst . Except Gary Oldman . He 's awesome .
Red Riding Hood is basically a beautifully photographed episode of ` Days of Our Lives . ' The script is laughably bad .
While it may be little more than a Disney princess movie with a body count , I 'd take this goofy period whodunit over brooding vampires and modern teen angst any day .
The suspense generated by this weary plot device is on the level of wondering whether or not it 'll rain tomorrow .
A ridiculous teenybopper-geared retooling of the fairy tale .
Just icky .
If they had just picked one way to go with it -- mystery , monster story , inquisition metaphor -- it would have probably worked . Instead its trying to go in a lot of different directions at once and ultimately gets nowhere .
What big eyes and lips Amanda Seyfried has . And what nice cheekbones Julie Christie , who plays her grandmother , has . Unfortunately , these are about the only outstanding features in Red Riding Hood .
Like listening to an alcoholic deadbeat dad read a knock-off version of the famed fable to his inattentive , angry offspring , Red Riding Hood is no fun .
In spite of all the Twilightery , the movie shows just enough interest in its fairy-tale inspiration to make its failure frustrating .
`` Red Riding Hood '' is such a sorrowful attempt to resurrect the marketing magic of `` Twilight '' that it ought to be titled `` Career Eclipse . ''
Following the Red Riding Hood screening , I expressed my feelings about the film to a colleague who was lucky enough to have been otherwise occupied . `` Was it really that bad ? '' she asked . `` Bad ? '' I replied . `` Hitler was bad . This was awful . ''
`` Red Riding Hood '' has absolutely no sense of humor about its own ridiculousness , and when it 's so busy taking itself seriously , there 's no reason the rest of us should .
Hardwicke , whose first `` Twilight '' film looks like `` Citizen Kane '' with fangs compared to this , takes things sooo seriously , which translates as buffoonery .
-LSB- Hardwicke -RSB- has a gift for taking situations of bloodcurdling thrills and investing them with all of the drama of a sophomore fussing over her prom date .
A lurid , loopy , utterly ludicrous enterprise that seeks to twist the ultimate fable of feminine fear and victimhood into an allegory for finding your inner bad girl .
But , my , what sharp teeth Ms. Hardwicke does n't have .
`` Red Riding Hood '' has some moments , but overall it is plodding and dull .
Hardwicke 's `` Red Riding Hood '' proves the `` Twilight '' formula is n't always a surefire bet . While it was n't a comedy -LRB- and should have been -RRB- , its only redeeming quality is it 's funny to mock .
An often suspenseful , visually stylish and atmospheric whodunit despite a hackneyed romantic subplot and plenty of stilted dialogue to boot .
Hardwicke 's envisioning rarely achieves the sort of nightmarish quality the material suggests .
It 's a complex story with a good deal of subtext ... explor -LSB- ing -RSB- numerous issues from loveless marriages to oppressive authority to parents and children .
The wolf attacks , few and far , are roughly the equivalent of a bedtime story that puts the adult to sleep while the six year-old gives the finger to the monster under the bed for looking so fake .
Oh , Grandmother , what a big , bad movie you have .
horribly written ; horribly performed -LRB- but they did n't have a chance -RRB- ; directed by someone that cameras should file a restraining order against ; edited by a cast-iron moron
Was Red Riding Hood masterminded by a cadre of particularly silly eleven year-olds undergoing withdrawal from Twilight ? That 's the only excuse for a movie this dopey .
A foolish story , marred by a strange blend of overacting and bland , offhand performances .
Hardwicke was able to curate her main characters into delivering enjoyable performances , but everything else is kind of a mess .
Overheated yet underpowered .
Catherine Hardwicke has , either by intent or by executive order , made a film which makes a far too heavy-handed bid for some of those big box office bucks that the Twilight franchise has been pulling in .
The result is a dolled-up , overblown , pandering romantic costume drama that 's not only sillier than the filmmakers surely intended but also , if you follow the plot implications all the way to the end , way ickier , too .
While the Twilight films strive for straight-faced grimness , Red Riding Hood often verges on outright florid hilarity . It is n't laughing at itself , but that need n't stop the audience .
Aside from a few arresting visuals , Red Riding Hood is just a slog through the woods .
The girl who does n't know how to handle two suitors and dithers between them as a means to prolong the agonies of young love has seen its day . It was brought to the point of exhaustion in the movie Hardwicke modeled so much of this on .
Red Riding Hood is just another movie about a girl pining for a boy , defined by a boy , held back by a boy . And that 's not pretty .
For a while the joke seems intentional .
Shot on chintzy soundstages that look like the sets from `` Fraggle Rock , '' the film does n't work as horror , as whimsical folk tale , or as a romance . It does , however , work on occasion as bad dinner theatre .
Hardwicke repeats many of Twilight 's design elements ... but the story , written by `` Orphan 's '' David Johnson , is a ludicrous pageant of brown-eyed suspects .
Its WTF factor is off the charts , beginning with Hardwicke 's all-too-obvious attempt to avenge herself upon the `` Twilight '' franchise .
Seeing the plot of ` Twilight ' get stuffed into Little Red 's riding hood is a painful business . But look for a fat box office .
A movie in which the command `` Run ! '' means turn on the slo-mo ... a scary forest is trees with tusk-sized thorns and nobody getting impaled . Victims die solely from facial scratches , except for a sliced-off arm dropping bloodlessly to the snowy ground .
Both better made than Twilight and far less entertaining , Red Riding Hood could easily lure the same crowd , but does n't offer much to anyone not entering the theater ready to swoon .
I saw Red Riding Hood with a theater full of high school girls . I think they liked it , because there were whole three minute stretches when they were n't texting .
A dreary tale of love and lycanthropy set in a muddied past , it affords neither the titillation of sex nor the thrill of violence .
`` Twilight-lite , '' a reduction of primal impulses into monosyllabic and mono-symbolic teen-speak .
Seyfried holds the camera 's attention , playing this storybook business pretty much straight , although David Leslie Johnson 's script puts the actress sorely to the test .
What big eyes you have , Amanda . And what trouble you seem to have finding a movie that can put them to good use .
Gorgeously shot , smartly conceived , cleverly cast , badly executed -- the lush medieval beauty here is at best only skin deep .
`` Red Riding Hood '' is entertainment for the village idiot .
Gary Oldman , bless his heart , chews scenery faster than a wolf chomping on a villager , but even his fangs are n't sharp enough to puncture the layer of cheese Hardwicke coats atop her dreadful film .
A laughably inept series of adolescent poses trying to pass itself off as a movie .
A muddle of woozy romance and horror-movie cliche ... Of course , pictures about werewolves involve the full moon , so it 's only appropriate this one should reek of lunacy .
Hardwicke shows a strong grasp at epic fantasy with Red Riding Hood ; her nemesis is not a man-eating wolf but an unsurprising script .
what The Twilight Saga : New Moon might have looked like had Catherine Hardwicke stayed on to direct
Like an idiot , I came to this movie hoping that director Catherine Hardwicke might engage in a feminist interrogation of the old fairy tale .
Directed by Twilight franchise launcher Catherine Hardwicke and shot on clunky-looking sets embellished with garish digital effects , Red Riding Hood is a cheap attempt to cash in on that vampire series ' massive success .
Red Riding Hood does trot out the classic what-big-eyes-you-have routine . It 's a pretty amusing moment , and it makes you wish the rest of the film had that same sort of knowing sense of humor .
Poor Amanda Seyfried . One of today 's most lively and expressive young actresses , she finds herself stuck between two lifeless pieces of wood .
Acting 's awful , storyline 's messy and unengaging , and there 's not a trace of authentic passion anywhere in the movie 's picture-pretty production design .
A clunky mess with no tension . The servicable script needed to be directed with great flourish , but Hardwicke walks us through , so the film hits us like a snoozy lullaby .
A movie that has little reason to exist , other than as a showcase for Seyfried 's uncannily beautiful face , framed prettily in red , and as the latest in a line of fairy tales on the big screen .
While Red Riding Hood never pretends to be anything other than red meat for its ravenous teen base , it 's more sturdily constructed than it was required to be , and thus , more engrossing .
According to legend , a silver bullet can kill a werewolf . Too bad it ca n't slay bad writing , without which the ill-conceived Red Riding Hood would not exist .
Hardwicke helms Red Riding Hood with a clear vision for her target audience : young teens . There 's violence but little blood , some chaste sexy bits and a few , swift scares .
A strange , dreary and stubbornly un-entertaining reboot of the fairy tale , where ancient forebodings about creatures of the night are used as grist for the mill of angsty teenage lust .
` A silly mockery of a classic , ' say the Three Little Pigs .
Fattening fairy tales for the screen is tricky , and Hardwicke gets it half right , valorizing romance over duty , integrity over tyranny .
If , by chance , you 've missed `` Twilight '' and its sequels , do n't worry . Shiny , moody , moon-faced and dumb , `` Red Riding Hood '' pretty much replicates the experience entirely .
Adapting a fairy tale would seem to offer plenty of room for creative freedom , and maybe that 's what went wrong here .
Here 's hoping Hardwicke can top this masterpiece with her inevitable adaptation of Jack Jumps Over the Candlestick .
Hardwicke 's blatantly Twilight-esque revamping of the popular fable succeeds only as a nonsensical and offensive grab for more teen dollars .
Truly dreadful ... Hardwicke has n't offered a competent directorial effort to date , with Hood a new low for the filmmaker . Not only is the feature a total eyesore , but one perfectly content to pilfer from a fad .
It 's shocking that for all of the advances in computer generated imagery , they still ca n't make a realistic looking werewolf . Lon Chaney 's original 1941 werewolf far outshines the hairy beast here .
Intermittently enjoyable hokum at best .
Adamantly refuses to provide any wit , humor or fun , concerning itself mostly with the heroine 's taxing dilemma of picking between the rural village 's two best looking boys .
At least Twilight has something resembling passion -- Red Riding Hood is barely a sheep in wolf 's clothing .


@highlight

Amanda Seyfried is magnetic in Red Riding Hood 's starring role , but she 's let down by her uninspired leading men and a painfully cliched script .