There are only three things Neeson does : shoots people , telephones people urgently and smashes people 's heads over urinals .
In favor of Run All Night is the cast . -LSB- Full review in Spanish
Just when the story gets interesting -- I am talking The Godfather-soap opera interesting -- it gets blown away .
What 's good about the movie starts to fall apart about two-thirds of the way in .
We 've seen enough Liam Neeson Revenge Man movies to know how they work and this one is particularly interchangeable with any of the others .
Even so , the movie has a certain grit as well as that odd badge of honor that means it delivers the goods . Just the scenes between Neeson and Harris are worth your time .
A rather dour example of late Liam Neeson .
The action is brutal and well executed , and tension is an end into itself in director Jaume Collet-Serra 's hands . Run All Night stays true to its title . It 's never short of breath but lacks breadth .
An edgy Brooklyn Irish mob hit man thriller .
Although crafted and performed decently enough , Run All Night ca n't beat the feeling we 're seeing a combination of films we 've seen before .
Rapper Common 's appearance as the pic 's bad hitman - again , the movie wants us to think there are hitmen who are n't so bad - is the film in a nutshell .
For those who get pumped up at the thought of high-speed car chases and brutal hand-to-hand combat , rest assured Collet-Serra is bringing the goods .
Run All Night starts out as a seemingly predictable , formulaic affair , but in the end it 's a heart-pounding thriller .
The movie is predictable and obvious , and it also feels a bit long , but who cares ? It is a fun action flick with Neeson , doing what he does best these days - yielding satisfying results .
It 's the kind of film where he 'll gun somebody down and then look sad and soulful , as if he might be write a poem about it .
An excess of meaninglessly fanciful and occasionally dopey directorial flourishes are n't enough to sabotage this otherwise character-driven and impressively literary crime thriller .
Since this comes after a string of unstoppable action-man roles , -LSB- Neeson 's -RSB- character never quite feels like an underdog , despite the film bending over backwards to convince us of his drunkenness and washed-up agonising .
It 's a fun concept but also a bit ridiculous in its staging .
-LSB- Jaume Collet-Serra -RSB- occasionally struggles to reconcile the themes of loyalty and regret with the requisite outsized action beats , but when he lets the material breathe , Run All Night nudges its characters into some worthwhile places .
We need to pull the plug on this -- Liam Neeson 's whole act is starting to get embarrassing .
There 's no superheroics or spectacular Die Hard-style stunts here . It 's all handguns and car chases and blood and broken glass on the urban mean streets at night , and Collet-Serra creates a very turbulent , unstable ordeal .
Run All Night does n't have enough gas to get through the two hour run-time , let alone the stamina to go all night .
Run All Night may not have the makings of a particularly memorable thriller , but with a highly-entertaining storyline that 's almost constantly at full-throttle , it makes for a rather enjoyable on-the-run/revenge flick .
Liam Neeson and Ed Harris ca n't salvage this genre exercise
We 've seen Neeson play a tough-as-nails retired cop/hitman/special forces person who rescues various members of his family/public , who also finds his own redemption in the process , for a while now . But ... he 's perfected it .
With its taut action , relatively ambitious screenplay and a credibility-lending supporting turn from Ed Harris , Run All Night is actually a solid 97-minute thriller . Unfortunately , it runs 114 minutes .
Despite a few thrilling scenes and some nice neo-noir New York streetscapes , Run All Night does n't stand out much from the crowd of T&A -LRB- testosterone and adrenaline -RRB- flicks , Neeson-led or not .
The Jaume Collet-Serra/Liam Neeson partnership hits the wall with this absolutely -LRB- and often astonishingly -RRB- misguided thriller ...
Gorgeously filmed -LRB- director Collet-Serra and cinematographer Martin Rhue give New York City its own starring role in the film -RRB- and strongly acted
Car chases , running in the subways , fights and shots fired in bars make Run All Night a piece of great entertainment . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
Run All Night uses the same formula that we saw on the previous Liam Neeson films . However there is great difference that sets it apart from the rest : this time he has a complex character to play . -LSB- full review in spanish -RSB-
`` Run All Night '' wo n't become a cinematic classic , but it 's going to make people relax and see that the love of a father is stronger than any situation and unexpected events . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
Jaume Collet keeps getting better as a director , Neeson demonstrates that he 's still a reliable action hero . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's not by any means a classic or a bad movie , is just in the middle , it actually has a lot to offer . -LSB- full review in spanish -RSB-
Fortunately , Neeson announced that very soon he will retire from action movies . -LSB- full review in spanish -RSB-
Surprisingly , the `` Liam Neeson and his particular skills '' formula is still working . -LSB- full review in spanish -RSB-
Just one of those films you end up seeing on a Sunday night when there is nothing else to watch on TV . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
This is a romantic film where violence is an element of excitement . -LSB- full review in spanish -RSB-
Run All Night is a satisfying tale of revenge and regret , with carefully crafted characters , and thrilling action .
It is a classic worthy of applause . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
` Run All Night ' is an average actioner with above-average performers as the leads .
Run All Night could be the worst one yet , as it simply goes through the motions without doing much of anything particularly interesting .
Neeson will also woo many with his charm -LRB- he makes for a worthy good-bad guy -RRB- but on the whole , Run All Night is a little underwhelming .
a generally solid piece of entertaining , but hardly earth-shattering , genre work that makes good use of Neeson 's brusque screen presence
Run All Night might not be original or a message movie or even a film that will be debated during the drive home , but action fans wo n't want to be anywhere else for one hour and 54 minutes in a theater .
Brad Inglesby 's script is serviceable but it 's the casting that gives the whole exercise gravitas .
while it 's a stretch as an abstract idea , there is something about Neeson turning from shambling husk to fast-thinking killing machine that makes it seem completely reasonable . He believes it enough for all of us
A nasty movie with great pace and a strong spine thanks to two alchemic leads .
The dark , grim Run All Night delivers the action goods while giving Neeson a chance to show us all over again what a great actor , and screen presence , he is .
There are a few odd left turns , such as the appearance of the rapper Common as a cool assassin , on the way to a lumbering and preordained conclusion .
With the exception of the first Taken film -LRB- which , let 's face it , should have been the only Taken film -RRB- this taut little Liam Neeson actioner could just be the best shoot 'em upper he 's done so far .
It comes across as a more lifeless version of last fall 's Keanu Reeves vehicle John Wick .
If any of his movies was ever to reflect -LSB- Neeson 's -RSB- current career trajectory of fine performances in average fare , it 's this one .
If you appreciate this kind of guff , then Run All Night , despite its slow spots , is a fairly good yarn .
Mostly a bore , a bunch of great ingredients that combine into something surprisingly bland .
Neeson and Harris really are quite wonderful actors . They bring a dignity and depth of feeling to their roles even as the filmmakers do everything in their power to turn them into characters in a second-rate Frank Miller comic .
... often calls to mind the stripped-down machismo of Walter Hill 's earlier films , full of growling men and growing menace .
In the main , Jaume Collet-Serra is making a character-driven drama about betrayed honor , and the result is a film closer in spirit to the baggage-rich crime novels of Dennis Lehane than dumb multiplex fare .
Run All Night fancies itself a remix of Taken , John Wick and Michael Winner 's Mechanic , with a whole lot of Michael Mann and even a little Abel Ferrara to boot .
Gritty , fast-paced - and quickly forgettable ...
Neeson , Kinnaman , Harris and D'Onofrio all give strong performances in this film . The main characters are believable . While the story does have some unnecessary detours , it is basically a good , powerful drama with enough action to satisfy action fans .
For the most part ... it 's a film about Neeson punching and shooting people while looking a bit bedraggled and a touch hungover .
An occasionally-too-flashy , but otherwise pleasingly old-school tale of twisted loyalties , revenge and bloody redemption .
Run All Night is a taut , edgy affair that features Neeson in peak action form and allows him to partially atone for the indignity of Taken 3 .
... occasionally nails its grizzled '70s tough guy shtick but mostly it delivers a tired jumble of sloppy genre cliches , stupid character choices , and unnecessary action sequences . Neeson is clearly punching below his weight class .
It 's a ripper of a film , filled with action , tension and drama
It 's just a matter of time before Neeson 's killing sprees no longer slay audiences . He may look for them , but I 'm pretty certain he wo n't find them .
Exhausting , relentless ... Neeson and Collet-Serra 's third pairing is by far their best ... Fuses vertiginous CG effects with some of the most elaborate action scenes since Michael Mann 's ` Heat . '
Liam Neeson was looking spent in the decidedly short-winded Taken 3 , but the entertainingly brisk Run All Night happily shows that he still has the legs as cinema 's ruggedly heroic action dad .
I ca n't help but imagine that the following conversation took place between Liam Neeson and Harrison Ford on the set of K-19 : The Widowmaker .
Run All Night could stand to lose a few pounds of sub-plot and character padding . But it 's good to have your favorite hamburger back -- and your dad will love it .
It is the fact that I enjoy watching Neeson doing these roles that pretty much saves Run All Night .
In the vein of those tough guy Warner Bros movies of the 40 's , Liam Neeson and Ed Harris show what pro acting is all about in this edge-of-your-seat action thriller that may be far-fetched , but highly entertaining anyway .
That the two fathers are tortured by their shared past ... add -LSB- s -RSB- a layer of gravity to otherwise stock action fare .
Neeson and Harris , especially , have a touching shorthand , and an unspoken bond , in their scenes together .
Run All Night is a solidly hard-boiled crime picture infused with true moments of bravado , and we should enjoy Neeson 's continued late-career action renaissance while it lasts .
-LSB- A -RSB- n overall well-made little action-oriented crime story with some interesting characters , entertaining action , and good performances from its two big leads .
There are more phones than female characters , who spend the movie comatose in hospital beds , fretting silently in the background or being hugged through a doorway
This thriller may be paint-by-numbers with clichés all around , but no one is better at giving you pure enjoyment in this action genre at this time than Neeson . It 's `` Taken meets The Warriors . ''
Run All Night marks a slight uptick in the stock of ` Liam Neeson With a Gun ' action movies .
At this point , the question is not whether Liam Neeson will kick ass , but what sort of ass he will kick .
Compared to most action films , Run All Night is just fine ; a little consideration and better writing might , just might , have elevated it above the pack of B-grade action films it resolutely strands itself in .
In the end , one 's heart should ache a bit for this story of a father 's shot at redemption . Instead , one 's head aches a bit from all the tech trickery and a particularly percussive soundtrack .
With all due respect for Harris 's ability to overact even while underacting , and given the hour-plus of citywide demolition , the stakes for the action here are awfully low .
The talking point today will be about how Run All Night is one of many Neeson action movies , but what will be remembered years later is that it 's one of the best .
For a feature entitled `` Run All Night , '' this claptrap lumbers and stumbles around , moving at a pace that would make a marathon runner impatient .
The third collaboration between Neeson and Spanish director Jaume Collet-Serra is made almost endurable by excellent acting from Neeson -LRB- his wounded eyes are hypnotic -RRB- along with Ed Harris , as Jimmy 's mercurial boss Shawn .
An entertaining NYC-set revenge picture in which grizzled Irishmen go at each other across the gritty streets that have inflamed the imaginations of filmmakers for decades .
It 's dull enough to make you yawn but too loud to let you fall asleep .
While this particular bandwagon is fast running out of road , Run All Night shows there 's mileage in it yet .
Liam Neeson undoubtedly possesses `` a very particular set of skills . '' That just is n't enough this time .
-LRB- ` Run All Night ' -RRB- is formulaic to the point of boredom . It 's kind of like watching a football game where you already know the final score .
It 's winter also known as time for a Liam Neeson `` Taken '' knockoff .
An admirable cat-and-mouse tale that puts forth a lot of clichés and executes them with B-movie intensity .
The film works best as a straight character drama as opposed to the elaborate action thriller that it arguably does n't want to be .
Well directed with nonstop action highlighted by tension-enhancing music , exceptional cinematography , and good dialogue . This is a chase film that should have the entire audience shaking in its boots throughout .
... Changes the formula enough to be Neeson 's best actioner since `` Taken . ''
The film may not be a critical favorite , but it will be an audience favorite . Run All Night is the first must-see action film of the year .
Maybe they should have only run for half the night .
`` Run All Night '' is proof that quality action films do n't really need to reinvent the wheel each time out as long as they make it spin this smoothly .
Director Jaume Collet-Serra gets fine work in his handful of scenes featuring Neeson and Harris and as the worn down police detective who 's been on Jimmy 's trail for over a decade , Vincent D'Onofrio exudes good old-fashioned rumpled New Yawk tenacity .
Mostly thanks to its stars , it is a perfectly acceptable , if unnecessary , addition to the angry middle-aged guy action-movie genre .
Run All Night is n't dull . The pace is breakneck , and necks get broken . But the violence is relentless , ugly , unredeemed by any real humanity .
If Ed Harris ca n't save a movie , it ca n't be saved .
The great Joel Kinnaman tips the scales in our favor in the generic , but perfectly adequate , Run All Night .
There is rather more of it than is strictly necessary , but Run All Night will do well enough for a shoulder-season screen holder .
Very close to being a good movie , but they try too hard to make it about more than what it needs to be .
Collet-Serra -LRB- Non-Stop and Unknown -RRB- , lavishes the story with whooshing aerial cameras and shadowy rat-warren interiors .
Another week , another snarling slab of Neesonalia . This one is a superior sample .
While it may not stray too far from familiar territory , Run All Night is a fast and entertaining example of just why its star 's action rebirth has been so successful .
With a morbid , heart-in-mouth atmosphere and some enjoyably showy visuals , Run All Night is a watchable thriller that continues Neeson 's successful run as an action king for the aged .
The movie is the cinematic equivalent of junk food . It satisfies the craving for the sensation of nihilism , without its substance .
Directed , frantically , by Jaume Collet-Serra , written by Brad Ingelsby , `` Run All Night '' promises a sprint punctuated by a lot of gunfire , and bleeding , and bodies . Mission accomplished .
The sheer perversity of Neeson 's thrillers is a big part of their delight .
It 's not only the strength of the acting that pulls us over bumps in the narrative , it 's the crisp , streamlined direction of Spanish filmmaker Jaume Collet-Serra , who also directed Neeson in the improbable `` Non-Stop . ''
It shows how good those `` Taken '' movies could have been if they 'd been made by decent filmmakers .
The story loses its convincingly scaled sense of jeopardy in the late going , and it ultimately unravels .
Neeson and Harris are good at this sort of thing . The outcome is never in doubt , but an amazing amount of firepower is employed to get there .
Though Neeson , as usual , gives an effective performance , maybe it 's time for him to lighten up and climb out of his rut . `` Run All Night '' feels like he 's run into a career dead end .
`` Run All Night '' is a mostly satisfying action-drama from director Jaume Collet-Serra , who made Neeson 's `` Non-Stop '' such a guilty pleasure .
Liam Neeson warns us what we 're in for from the first voiceover at the start of `` Run All Night '' : `` I 've done terrible things in my life . ''
If you 're a fan of the `` Taken '' movies and tend to give action-hero Neeson the benefit of the doubt , our advice here is simple : Run away !
Under all his action-star antics , Liam Neeson is a good actor . So his insistence on repeatedly playing a variation of the same role is mystifying .
There 's nothing new here but thank God it 's not TAKEN 4 . There is no annoying daughter but there are two annoying sons .
Neeson 's whiskey-marinated Catholic anguish is n't exactly new , nor is Harris 's rueful reflection on years flown . But if it 's a film that sticks to the old songs , at least it plays the hits .
Another month , another Liam Neeson action movie .
Liam Neeson 's global punching roadshow rolls on .
Yeah , it 's not perfect , but with Neeson as the lead , it just have to be serviceable and that 's all he needs to make this an engaging no-frills action flick .
A virtual compendium of action cliches that 's efficiently made but in the end totally superfluous .
Let 's face facts : Mr. Neeson is the best actor the action genre has had in decades .
Of the Badass Neeson genre , `` Run All Night '' is one of the worst , and probably one of the last .
Superficially it 's a straight up action film with a bunch of gun battles , but there 's also an undercurrent of trying to be more than that , to sprinkle the mayhem with a dash of character and intelligence .
The latest Liam Neeson vehicle is an enjoyably overcooked latter-day film noir with a heavyweight cast all mugging it up .
a solid B-movie with A-list acting
`` Run All Night '' is the very embodiment of the rental recommendation : If you lower your expectations sufficiently , you 'll be fine . But why lower them that much ?
Deserves a healthy measure of respect for unearthing a rich , world-weary vein of noir fatalism . It 'd punch you if it could .
A dumb bang bang crash bang of a movie that only takes time away from its various dumb shootout scenes for its various dumb talking scenes .
Liam Neeson 's most arthritic action movie yet is n't one with a number wedged in its title . It 's difficult to not think about the fun and finesse `` John Wick '' brought to a similar scenario , and how joylessly obligatory all of this feels by comparison .
Even though the scenario features messy emotions and uneasy relationships , the movie finds the simplest , most obvious solutions ...
Runs out of gas and initial viewer interest long before things play out pretty much as most everyone will easily predict . -LRB- Full Content Review -- Sex , Profanity , Violence , etc. -- for Parents also available -RRB-
Run All Night sports enough high-caliber performances , memorable camera work and top-notch action scenes that if this had been Taken 3 , it would have certainly been a far better way to end that franchise .
Sprints across the screen , and save for one glaring misstep , entertains from start to finish .
This is part of the fun of watching Neeson . The 62-year-old actor 's face has the kind of topography that would make a mountain range jealous .
It 's well-crafted creative wrapping over a lot of empty noise .
Unfortunately , the convoluted backstory is the only thing that makes this worth seeing .
Run All Night hardly bores ... But the all-important details do n't add up here .
`` Run All Night '' is classic film noir . The anti-hero is a tipsy killer with a few redeeming qualities . Neeson plays the role with the same gusto that 's lifted his other action films from the dismal to the watchable .
It 's become so tiresome watching -LSB- Neeson -RSB- play the same character again and again that the film is even more forgettable than usual .
Completely workmanlike and predictable in execution
Refreshingly , the film resists the Old Ways Are Best subtext so common to the recent crop of geriatric shoot - 'em - ups , even as it leans into clichés of much older crime pictures .
One of Liam Neeson 's better recent vehicles .
Run All Night will be lucky if it runs all week . This one 's dead on arrival .
There are several times in the movie in which Neeson uses his wits instead of bullets to extricate himself from a difficult situation . In this kind of picture , that 's called a plot twist .
This time around , in spotlighting Liam Neeson 's fatigued charisma , Jaume Collet-Serra 's formidable filmmaking chops have plateaued .
Too long and too same-old , and even Liam Neeson 's effortless tough-guy charm can only carry this familiar-feeling film so far .
With a script by Brad Ingelsby -LRB- Out of the Furnace -RRB- , this thriller has more substance than most ...
The feature fails to ignite , with the actor and the movie revealing more of a limp than a full gallop , while Collet-Serra goes cross-eyed trying to keep his action sequences in a straight line .
For something new and different , Run All Night stars Liam Neeson -LRB- Taken -RRB- as a concerned parent with a particular set of deadly skills .
With Neeson on fine form and an encouraging start , it 's a shame that this gritty crime drama feels the need to erupt into a full-blown action movie by the end .
Run All Night is certainly no classic , but will prove quite satisfactory for Neeson completists .
Neeson sells it the way he sells everything : with total conviction and a physical grace that belies his big frame .
Even though he never gets a grip on the over-complicated plot , the director has n't lost his knack for those elemental qualities that make a good action flick .
It wants to be a '70s throwback but also ca n't help being a silly thriller , one that eventually employs a most lazy cliche : the unstoppable -LRB- but probably stoppable -RRB- super-deadly / - expensive hitman -LRB- Common , sans facial hair -RRB- .
This pedestrian thriller plonks poor Liam Neeson back in a leather jacket and armed with a gun for another one of those ` Taken Lite ' outings .
-LSB- Liam Neeson and Ed Harris ' -RSB- few scenes together are surrounded by clumsy plot twists , with an excess of wheel spinning and other delaying tactics .
Liam Neeson delivers afresh in an edge-of-your-seat , high body-count thriller every bit as good as they come !
A first-person shooter thriller , dark and grim , for the Just for Men/Grecian Formula set .
We 've been up and down this road before , and even though Kinnaman , Neeson and Harris make interesting passengers , the overused tires in `` Run All Night '' go bald .
While `` Run All Night '' might be ten minutes too long , it 's still an undeniably hardboiled work of crime fiction
Dramatically , it 's better than Taken 3 , but it does n't offer anything particularly memorable or lasting .
There 's not much new in this tale of grim men staring , and then shooting , each other down , but this cast and crew know how to spin this yarn with efficacy and economy .
While the dramatic themes echo the great crime movies of the seventies , it 's the modern flash and muscle that ultimately win out in this pacey yet less than satisfying action thriller .
The movie consists entirely of angry threats , pointed guns , hiding out from and eluding same and mad dashes down mean streets on foot and in vehicles .
Liam Neeson does his thing , and does it well , in this robustly satisfying Irish-American mob thriller .
Anybody who pays for a ticket to see the latest Neeson actioner will know exactly what 's in store - and it 's safe to say this does n't disappoint in that regard .
It does n't break any new ground , but Run All Night is still a decent entry into the increasingly crowded `` Liam Neeson in a leather jacket saving his kid from gangsters '' genre .

@highlight

Liam Neeson is in typically fine form , but Run All Night suffers from a convoluted plot and workmanlike execution .