Just like its predecessor , this is n't an action film meant to be taken seriously . All you 'll need to do is sit back , embrace the absurd craziness and enjoy the ride .
Is a lot of fun , and I enjoyed it in all its ludicrous devices , and idiocy ...
Armed with a myriad of gravity -LRB- and logic -RRB- defying set pieces ...
Preposterous !
`` Transporter 2 '' is cheap , shiny , indefensible junk , a Hot Wheels hot rod encased in a glossy plastic blister pack . But come on -- you know you want it .
Besides a fun script and never-a-dull-moment directing , Jason Statham really deserves praise for his screen presence . Expect mindless action and have a great time .
Better than the original .
Transporter 2 is so lightweight and frivolous , it makes one of Roger Moore 's Bond epics look like Crime and Punishment .
I 'm pretty sure Transporter 2 is the dumbest movie I 've ever seen .
There is absolutely nothing subtle about `` Transporter 2 . '' But if you like your action movies to be ACTION movies , this one is fast-paced , unapologetic escapism .
Undemanding punters are guaranteed 90 minutes of dopey , derivative and gloriously disposable entertainment .
Sure , it 's blissfully energetic , but it 's also exhaustingly idiotic .
If you 're at all picky about the laws of physics or if you liked the superior first film , I do not recommend seeing this film sober .
The ending sinks the enterprise -LRB- both literally and figuratively -RRB- with bad FX and subpar action-movie one-liners .
Much like a James Bond movie , only more playful and entertaining than that series has managed in many years , Transporter 2 is n't a continuation of the last one , it 's another action enterprise unto itself .
All action , all the time , with no pauses to catch your breath , or , more significantly , to figure out what 's going on .
It 's not a bad sequel , but the original was , well , original . There are some overplayed elements , but the action is snappy and the danger is credible .
The car chases are fierce , the fight sequences are appropriately staged and shot , and Statham 's allure as the title character is undeniable .
It 's punishment that looks like pleasure .
the hand-to-hand combat scenes are the best of the year
Fast-paced sequel featuring British B-movie action guy Jason Statham delivers what it promises , and not too much more .
Transporter 2 softens the formula a bit , but still delivers the kind of vivid , pounding action that B-movie fans crave .
Transporter 2 bursts with outrageous driving stunts , sublimely absurd fight scenes , and a sense of humor that ties it together .
Transporter 2 , however , is the exact opposite . Instead of being fun it 's just dumb , and no amount of nicely staged fight scenes or unusual camera moves can change that .
In essence , it 's more of the same .
Is there a point at which an action film becomes so completely unrealistic , it crosses into the realm of fantasy and becomes something else ?
They 've gone back to the well only to discover that most of the good stuff was used up the first time around .
The only one who plays it straight is Statham , and his cool machismo borders on camp .
I do n't mind exaggerated action sequences -LRB- in fact , I kind of like them -RRB- but Transporter 2 does n't surround them with anything else .
The original Transporter was a surprise hit in 2002 , and this second installment will not disappoint .
there 's no denying that Statham is once again so cool that bad plot , bad physics and bad acting by the supporting cast are very easily forgotten .
. . if it had the gumption to elevate its marketable value and challenge the notion of not being just another brainless and bombastic entry into the `` crash and bash '' sweepstakes
A vehicle for Statham to drive fast cars and beat the hell out of people , TRANSPORTER 2 provides a much-needed fix for action fans stuck in the late summer doldrums .
If you actually go into this picture attempting to find any common sense in its plotline , you might want to have your head examined afterwards ...
How well does the film succeed in what it seeks to accomplish ? Well enough that I probably wo n't mind a ` Transporter 3 . '
An embarrassment of giggles .
... the plot has some crucially unclear exposition , and the stunt concepts are insanely implausible ... but , somehow , that does n't stop the whole from being absurdly pleasurable
Besson does n't fiddle with the first movie 's formula -- impossible car chases punctuated by impossible martial arts sequences .
Careens wildly off course before finally running out of gas .
Statham still oozes virile charm but his unbelievable feats make him a super hero fantasy character which is not what audiences expect or want
In this second lap the brainless busyness and gaudy excess amount to utter overkill ... nothing more than pointless speed and empty action .
As lively and as fun as it is unapologetically dumb .
Neither of `` The Transporter '' films , well , move me .
Truth be told , they could have paraded an Unicorn in a clown suit across the screen and it would n't have been less unbelievable . .
Leterrier does n't seem to care how crappy Luc Besson 's script is , he just wants to make the thing look good . He does .
Statham is n't the best thing in Transporter 2 ; he 's essentially the only thing .
Although not without its entertaining moments , the result is so over the top that we 'll never again be able to look at Denzel Washington and Dakota Fanning 's identical setup in Man on Fire without chortling .
The sequel is a live-action Road Runner cartoon , which is a criticism to the degree that you think story , characterization and some fidelity to the laws of gravity are important .
Dismiss notions of plausibility or character development , as these criteria do n't apply to the worth of a car-chase , martial-arts-driven extravaganza that follows the successful recipe established in The Transporter -LRB- 2002 -RRB- .
Transporter 2 is franchise hackwork , easily dismissed but adequately enjoyable .
If you can get past the impossibilities -- and we know it 's a lot to ask -- Transporter 2 is a fun time at the movies .
A James Bond-type of escapist fantasy film for those who ca n't get enough trashy action when 007 is not on the screen .
While downright silly and often unintelligible The Transporter 2 moves so fast that you have just enough time to suspend disbelief and strap yourself in for the ride .
With cartoon villains and cartoon victims all the lane-changing , gear-shifting , and wrong-way-on-the-freeway driving seems like a meaningless waste of time .
Transporter 2 is , like the original , loaded with action fun .
-LSB- Features -RSB- the most ludicrous moment onscreen in 2005 ...
The film is too empty-headed to convey any real sense of peril , yet is n't absurd enough to be appreciated as black comedy . It leaves you feeling distracted , not transported .
Transporter 2 is faster than a speeding jet ski , more powerful than a hidden motive and cheesier than a Camembert factory .
Even with so few requirements , Transporter 2 runs on empty .
Son of the Mask , The Whole Ten Yards , and Miss Congeniality 2 , please welcome another member to the Unnecessary Sequel Club : Transporter 2 .
nothing more than a ninety minute car commercial
Like a cross between Man on Fire and Bad Boys 2 , this demolition derby delivers eye-popping action sequences that would make even the Roadrunner roll his eyes in disbelief .
The Transporter 2 may be mindless entertainment , but it definitely gets the heart pumping .
An otherwise cruddy-looking assemblage of action-sequel clichés that benefits from Frank 's dry-cleaned monosyllabic intensity but suffers from just about everything else .
From bang-up beginning to blow-up ending , this trip is clearly just good escapist fun .
The Transporter 2 is good trash , the sort of loud bang-bang flick that 's so over-the-top you buy it with a laugh .
In terms of raw , heart-thumping action , The Transporter 2 out-Bonds Bond .
Plot : Who cares ? I was watching Jason Statham do a Jackie Chan number on seven killers with a filled fire hose !
Because in the movie industry you can always have way too much of a good thing , here comes Transporter 2 , a sequel that makes it clear that the outrageous antics of the first movie had a one-time-only charm .
Transporter 2 is high-octane fluff , a feature-length car commercial on steroids that never tries , or pretends to be , anything more . At that level it works .
Statham has truly stepped up to fill the shoes once worn by Jean-Claude Van Damme , Steven Seagal and , yes , even the legendary Bruce Lee .
The scene involving a bomb planted on the bottom of Martin 's Audi A8 is bound to provoke an astonished gasp of disbelief from even the most action-movie-averse viewer .
The Transporter is a good role model .
If you want wild , freewheeling stunts that violate the laws of physics ... then this little beauty is ready to drive off the lot .
The ` evil plot ' is one of the dumbest ever in an action film ... just stupid .
Despite some serious flaws , and issues with the plot , `` The Transporter 2 '' is a fun , silly , over the top , action film , that contain some truly inventive moments .
The movie is streamlined and of a singular , rowdy and rousingly delivered purpose . Hurrah for spectacle .
If you can make the leap alongside Besson 's limitless imagination , this sequel tops the original
A perfectly outlandish and tight-knuckled action flick ; a mindless piece of well-hewn escapism that delivers several borderline-retarded moments of mayhem .
... a compendium of pulp dialogue and B-movie plot twists that -LRB- director Louis -RRB- Leterrier ca n't zoom through fast enough .
Transporter 2 has the narrative skills and libido of a newly pubescent boy .
Things are a little bit too much this time , though -- to say all elements are exaggerated would be a gross understatement .
Those hooked by the opening schoolgirl punch-out will stay with it and viewers rolling their eyes at that delirious fun probably never should have paid their 10 bucks anyway .
A bigger , sillier plot ; too many CG special effects ; and not nearly enough straightforward action
There are so many terrifically ridiculous action scenes in this film ; it 's impossible for you to not suspend your disbelief .
The Transporter films are pure garbage ; ones that do n't quite reach the bottom of the chute since the XXX flicks will cushion their fall .
stomping through each scene wearing his Blues Brothers suit and a scowl , Statham has a very commanding screen presence
Takes itself far too seriously , yet it 's hard not to laugh at how ludicrous it is
Statham is a tougher , smarter , and sexier heir to Jackie Chan . Alessandro Gassman and his sexy S&M girlfriend , Kate Nauta , welcome to the U.S. . We need you .
sure to delight 13-year-old boys everywhere - and no one else .
It 's so busy trying to bolster its liabilities that it ca n't properly develop its assets .
It 's a lean , perfectly paced , unpretentious good time ; it 's what popcorn movies ought to be .
I 'd forgotten how much fun James Bond can be .
Transporter 2 delivers a satisfying late-summer escapist treat .
It 's about the usual for a sequel -- 2/3 of the quality of the original , but like its title character , it still delivers .
Though both Transporter films are driven by the same empty-headed video-game slickness , Transporter 2 surpasses its less focused predecessor on almost every level .
If The Transporter was mindless fun , this sequel suggests there can be an IQ less than zero .
It 's brainless , high-speed , popcorn fun .
Tell your mind to stay at home and watch the Cartoon Network if it wants more intelligent plotting than this .
The sequel is a better film than the original , as if writer-producer Luc Besson had a clearer idea of what he wanted to do -LRB- and did n't want to do -RRB- .
One scene , involving Frank 's on-the-move solution for disarming a bomb under his car , is particularly impressive . However , that 's just about all the film has going for it .
For its brief running time , Transporter 2 is all action and no logic , and I ca n't say I minded .
Does n't run out of steam as quickly as the first one did . The Transporter 2 barrels right along , embracing its over-the-top stupidity in the process .
-LSB- Transporter 2 -RSB- is for the most part exciting and very watchable , as is Statham , an understated hero who looks good in black .
Transporter 2 moves fast but goes nowhere -- it might be the first film to use a jet ski to jump the shark .
Interesting for the two or three people tracking the zeitgeist , but not terribly interesting for anyone else .
This ridiculously entertaining sequel is that rare part deux that leaves you hankering for part trois .
There is a purity to ` Transporter 2 ' that even the most action-averse moviegoer should appreciate .
Stylish thriller positing Jason Statham as a James Bond candidate .
While we wait for a new Bond , Jason Statham 's taciturn Frank Martin is filling in nicely .
Despite weak bad guys , this parody of mindless action films with imbecilic car chases is actually relatively funny , thanks to Jason Statham 's deadpan performance .
The greatest thing about the movie is Statham , a charismatic silent , deadly type who deserves to take the wheel behind a better franchise .
If I 'd wanted to see a videogame in a movie theater , I would have brought my own .
Few bad movies are more aggravating than a sequel that betrays everything which made its predecessor entertaining .
The Transporter 2 is a martial arts-obsessed action movie inadvertently reconceived as cartoonish parody .







@highlight

A stylish and more focused sequel to The Transporter , the movie is over-the-top fun for fans of the first movie .