Firehouse Dog is a run of the mill kids film . Adults will be fairly bored by it , and how many kids like it depends on how much they like goofy animal tricks .
A quietly moving story about a single Father and his Son . This decent film gets better as you watch it .
Equal parts dog adventure and father-son tale .
The all sub-plot story is a veritable self-help manual for tweenies-a sort of Se7en for ages seven-and-up-with greed , pride , sloth and envy bested by humility , team work and fair play .
Breezy , silly and energetic , this canine frolic wo n't win top prize at Crufts , but it should offer an alternative to Pottered-out parents with young pups to please .
Take the kids and have a nap in the dull bits .
Firehouse Dog certainly wo n't be the hottest thing to hit cinemas this summer .
The dog is as cute as you 'd expect , while Hutcherson gives a characteristically believable performance . Adults may not be quite as enamoured , but Firehouse Dog should keep them awake to the end
Needs hosing down .
As well as potty humour , this canine Backdraft has its share of adult moments . Mostly , though , it 's family fun , with Hutcherson showing he 's the go-to kid for sensitive loners .
It may sound like cute family entertainment , but the dog 's no good - he 's unappealing and looks depressed .
I myself growled and whimpered like an abused canine after a couple of hours of this sub-Lassie silliness , though the film threw me the occasional choc-drop in the form of a gag .
Todd Holland 's film manipulates the prickly issues with scant regard for emotional credibility . The sentimentality is ghastly , but Rex has his moments .
Welcome emotional gravity .
No matter how you hose it down , it 's always gon na smell of wet dog .
Enjoyable , well made family drama with strong performances , an engaging plot , impressive action sequences and a decent script .
Neither memorable nor innovative , Firehouse Dog ekes out success by executing a familiar family film formula faithfully .
It may not set the box office on fire , but this canine caper is more agreeable than your average underdog tale .
The strong performances and sharp dialog more than make up for some corny effects .
Even when the dog is real , he has about as much charisma as a wet sack
Rin Tin Tin would never have okayed a script like this .
Perhaps the lesson to be learned is that just because we can use computer technology to give dogs goofy faces , that does n't mean we should .
It 's not animated.It 's not Disney.It 's not moronic.And , sadly , that might mean that the entertaining , worthwhile `` Firehouse Dog '' could go missing .
We 're forced to endure plenty of scatological gags and treacly exchanges between Shane and his distant dad as the film imparts an obvious message about the frivolity of stardom .
Most of the film sits firmly in a comfort zone of fart jokes and dogs doing cool tricks .
Almost two hours of tedious vulgarity , which leaves plenty of time to feel sorry for Greenwood , whose efforts to deliver a warm , subtle performance are regularly upstaged by poo jokes and bratty hijinks .
To me it does n't mesh well .
There were plenty of fart jokes and dog burps to make my kids laugh .
Scruffy , spirited , family-friendly comedy with too many flatulence jokes and pooch-related puns .
... the movie is n't particularly bad , but it 's utterly and absolutely insignificant .
A movie that is probably too intense for younger children yet too simplistic for their older siblings or grownups .
Concentrates on plot , lots and lots of plot , a butt-numbing 111 minutes of plot with at least six subplots . Unless your child has the patience of a saint , I 'd suggest proceeding with caution .
It 's about a boy and his dog , and also about firefighters , and so I do n't see how it 's possible not to have warm feelings toward it .
throws most of its well-chewed bones to the youngest of patrons and treats ticket-purchasing parents like hydrants .
It 's harmless enough for young kids , but director Todd Holland seems to have little interest in making anything but a generic , instantly forgettable family-friendly feature .
If it 's not the dog of the week , this is surely a bow-wow flick without pedigree .
Firehouse Dog is credited to three writers , but not one of them seems to have a solitary spark of an idea .
It 's aimed squarely at primary schoolers , but they 'll probably get fidgety before its 111 minutes elapse .
OK , Letters from Iwo Jima it 's not . Firehouse Dog , though , serves a purpose , and it 's a purpose you 'd know quite well if you had a 6-year-old .
This latest entry in the doggy-acrobat subgenre of canine comedies has but one joke , and it comes early : In the Idol age , celebrity culture has gone to the dogs -- literally .
Despite a clunky start -LRB- and pedestrian filmmaking -RRB- the story has enough humour and heroics to amuse viewers of any age .
It 's got a formulaic plot , the jokes are middling , and ... the acting 's nothing to write home about , either . It 's acceptable -LSB- for kids -RSB- , if disposable .
Firehouse Dog has good fire action , an engaging cast and enough vividly shot turns , surprises and bowwow reactions to hold the firm attention of pet lovers from age 5 on up . Go fetch .
` Firehouse Dog ' is sure to please most youngsters despite its silly scenes showing an Irish terrier 's pampered life as a movie star .
Despite every expected turn of events , this is a real hero story .
-LSB- The dog -RSB- looks like a cross between a rat and a llama . And he burps , farts , and even poops on dinner .
Wo n't go down in the books as one of the great canine movies of all time . And it would be far more enjoyable with commercial breaks .
Like a loyal pet , Firehouse Dog ends up being a fun family experience all ages will enjoy .
The innocuous family film Firehouse Dog runs 111 minutes , which puts it a solid 21 minutes over what should be the legal limit for this sort of thing .
A quality dramedy that knows how to satisfy its target audience . Rexxx is talented in tricks and stunts , but this is Josh Hutcherson 's film all the way .
Banged up and minus his nifty fur pompadour , canine lady harem and gourmet dog chow , Rex eventually gets picked up and inducted into firehouse mascot service .
An uncomfortable blending of three different stories that neglects the one thing we want to see -- the relationship between the boy and the dog .
Intertwining more storylines than a dog walker 's clutch of leashes , Firehouse Dog nevertheless gets them all neatly resolved , pets in the right hands and wrongdoers in the can .
It has one of the best -- if not always the most heartwarming -- dog-and-his-boy relationships since Lassie .
If there was a good idea at the core of this film , it 's been buried in an unsightly pile of flatulence jokes , dog-related bad puns and a ridiculous serial arson plot .
In a film that 's effectively the canine version of Doc Hollywood , the title character learns to sift false from true values . It 's barking up the right tree .
You 'd be better off taking your kid to visit a dog run for a couple of hours .
This is an oddly second-rate production for a major-studio release ; the underwhelming mystery belongs in a Scooby-Doo episode , and the slapdash direction is just as shaggy .
Firehouse Dog is a wholesome throwback to a time before computer animators made animals talk and penguins hogged the glory .
An entertaining family comedy full of both tricks and trickery .
Is it impossible to make an exciting , warm-hearted live-action movie for kids that does n't insult the taste and intelligence of adults who take them to theaters ?
Firehouse Dog is n't quite the equivalent of the 1999 talking-infant bomb Baby Geniuses , but at times it 's close enough for discomfort .
Firehouse Dog goes into the marginally watchable category , aimed as it is toward the middlebrow family trade , preferably dog owners with their own Sparky slopping up the station wagon windows .
In Firehouse Dog a pampered Hollywood pooch trades his movie-star lifestyle for a run-down firehouse sadly in need of a mascot .
The fun-loving flea-bitten fable Firehouse Dog is a cutesy kiddie comedy that unfortunately barks up the wrong tree .
A perfectly excruciating mix of stupidity and sentimentality ...
This larger-than-life cartoon of a trained dog has more character than the two-legged co-stars .
Firehouse Dog should be put to sleep before it can do the same to audiences .
... so overstuffed with heavy themes and convoluted plot lines that it barely manages to squeeze in the requisite gags about canine flatulence .
Can anyone dislike a Firehouse Dog ? Even one as formulaic and hackneyed as this one ?
It was during the scene in which the titular character defecates into a stew prepared for dinner where I thought , ya know , this is n't harmless family entertainment anymore ; it 's a declaration of war on intelligence .
Nothing says `` family film '' like a doggie foursome !
Had it been made shortly after 9/11 , Firehouse Dog might have seemed like a shameless attempt to marry the country 's reverence for the New York Fire Department with Air Bud .
Though it never completely catches fire , there 's enough earnestness and warmth that makes it a welcome alternative in a family film arena dominated by computer animation and associated toy lines .
The real question is : How does it go from setup A to inevitable payoff B ? Answer : with humor , humanity and production values a cut above your average boy-and-his-dog movie .
A likable but ungainly mutt of a movie .
A dog star is born in the wonderful new family movie , Firehouse Dog .
Firehouse Dog is like that corgi or collie who wo n't or ca n't learn a trick . It just lies there , looking cute , gathering fleas .
Once it figures out it 's more drama than comedy , Firehouse Dog does the job .




@highlight

Firehouse Dog 's cute premise is ruined with endless fart and poop jokes , and an overlong run time .