Suffer the little children : again
Its straightforward honesty is devastating , and it takes its place alongside The Killing Fields as one of the most important cinematic perspectives on the genocide to be made for international audiences .
The film 's power is in how affecting it is to see the country so ravished and the children so mistreated .
First They Killed My Father is a completely realized vision , even in that vision is the exact kind of harrowing you were expecting .
A bit too polished to have the grit that this `` Killing Fields '' memoir demanded .
Uniquely takes child 's eye view of brutal rule of Khmer Rouge in Cambodia ... This powerful look back will keep this genocide fresh in mind of viewer , hopefully sensitize them .
The narrative is just as vicious and painful as the title suggests it to be .
This is an effective retelling of history from a very specific viewpoint . The acting is very good by all the main characters . I was really impressed by Anthony Dod Mantle 's -LRB- ` Slumdog Millionaire ' -RRB- camera work . Images tell so much of this story .
Stylistically , the film is impeccable ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A powerful , personal story of how one Cambodian family was impacted by the bloody reign of the Khmer Rouge .
It 's certainly Jolie 's best directorial effort to date . She wrangles the multiple elements of this tragic historical drama successfully though without any significant flare .
The camera seldom strays from what she can see or hear . It 's a historical tragedy viewed from four feet off the ground by a character who does n't quite grasp what 's happening .
We attend more than two hours of torment , where the lethargic rhythm and constant repetition of the same situations , images , ideas and phrases ends up destroying any possibility of the experience is satisfactory . -LSB- Full review in Spanish
Too emotionally engrossed in the dramatic fate of this child to notice the camerawork ? It 's conceivable too that an excess of production precludes one from feeling more intimately what this child is experiencing , in the absence of grand scaffolding .
First They Killed My Father is a powerful piece of filmmaking by Jolie , and I ca n't wait for her next adventure .
I now have a better view of Cambodians as my neighbors , and I can catch a glimpse of the image of God wandering the earth in the midst of horror . These glimpses have allowed me to see myself , and my world , as closer to that reality than I could ever wish .
Poignant , violent story of child during Khmer Rouge 's reign .
-LSB- Angelina -RSB- Jolie 's fourth narrative feature , confirms her as an exquisite craftswoman and an artist capable of tackling geopolitical complexities .
Angelina Jolie 's adaptation of First They Killed My Father is one that comes from the heart .
Tantamount to something just above trauma porn , First They Killed My Father is drenched in arbitrary violence , and with minimal context as to why violence was the answer .
What is unique about this work is that it takes the point of view of a Cambodian , who is also a child .
Director -LSB- Angelina -RSB- Jolie documents all this with inordinate skill .
Jolie 's latest is a strong adaptation of Loung 's mind-blowing story , all of it anchored by a performance from Sareum that 's simply marvelous .
Combines a frank look at the atrocities with fluid , chronologically ambiguous impressionism .
A deeply human study of the Cambodian genocide and the brave survival of one little girl .
First They Killed My Father is a sensitively rendered account of one child 's real-life experience , but its broader implications are noteworthy too .
A sincere attempt to paint a portrait of a country gone mad .
First They Killed My Father is less interested in global politics than in offering an intensely experiential tapestry of war and invasion as witnessed by a child .
While the messages feel simple - no one should experience this , power corrupts absolutely , and so on - Jolie has developed an effective work of empathy .
A film on its toes - nimble , vivid and lyrical , with its guard down and its blood up .
The Khmer Rouge 's repressions and exactions are depicted fearsomely , but many of Jolie 's images are postcard-pretty , and their emotional range depends mainly upon the child actors ' tremulous and steadfast expressions .
A rare film about a national tragedy told through the eyes and mind of a child , and as fine a war movie as has ever been made .
Perhaps it 'll take her a few more films , but it is my firm belief that one day Angelina Jolie will make a great one . She 's almost there .
Jolie 's masterstroke is that she never departs from the gaze of her young protagonist .
By now , there should be no debating that Angelina Jolie is a talented director , capable of handling the most challenging subject matter with assurance and sensitivity .
Angelina Jolie almost makes the horror of war a graceful ballet of death and destruction .
It 's rare , but not unprecedented , for a director to follow up their worst film with their best .
While the English subtitles are splendid , Jolie 's artful , gorgeously photographed study could be a silent-era epic , for it 's the faces that tell this story , which , although set in a distant past , echoes what 's happening today in Myanmar .
Jolie is often patronized as a humanitarian who makes worthy films to rouse an indifferent public , like that 's a bad thing . It also denies the visceral impact and artful shape of her work . ` First They Kill ' is a labor of love .
An alternately moving and protracted depiction of the Cambodian genocide from Angelina Jolie .
like a female counterpart , from both a filmmaking aesthetic and protagonist POV , to the streaming platform 's 2015 release `` Beasts of No Nation . ''
One of the strengths of First They Killed My Father is its matter of fact quality . Only very late on does Jolie indulge in the kind of melodramatic flourishes you 'd expect in a Hollywood movie on the same subject .
-LSB- First They Killed My Father -RSB- is a very beautiful film of horrific things happening in a garden of earthly delights .
Jolie the woke celebrity and Jolie the artist seem caught at a crossroads with this film , juggling instincts that put her inner Terrence Malick and Ken Burns at odds with one another .
Jolie , outdoing her previous directorial efforts , captures Cambodia 's wartime horror in beautiful , haunting visuals .
As director , Angelina Jolie brings to life all the horrors of revolution and war , told through the point of view of a five-year-old Cambodian who later wrote a memoir of the tragic events she witnessed during the Pol Pot regime .
Angelina Jolie comes of age as a director with this relentlessly tense , often harrowing and hugely accomplished account of life under the Khmer Rouge during the Cambodian genocide of the 1970s .
The best work Jolie 's done yet . Still , every time Loung 's captors holler , `` You must have a revolutionary spirit ! '' , I wondered if Jolie ever feels the urge to make truly rebellious art .
Though this story could n't mean more to Jolie , she has n't been able to make it mean as much to us .
This is an accomplished and moving and solid drama from a director who seems on the verge of giving us a great movie sometime soon .
Jolie draws restrained , naturalistic performances from her all-Cambodian cast , particularly young Sareum Srey Moch .
Amid all the important facts , I longed for something unnecessary from the filmmaker , some expressive flourish whose sole purpose is n't just to convey information .
The film is an impressionistic , fragmented , sometimes slow affair , one that interweaves tragic and disturbing moments with quiet and hopeful ones . And , by and large , the artistic strategy pays off .
Relentlessly tragic , sometimes lugubriously epic ...
Jolie has crafted an intimate epic about a tough war subject that probably would have gone unmade without her humanitarian influence and star power .
An engrossing , dynamically shot movie that moves with real fluidity and complexity .
We only see what Loung sees , feel what she experiences but through her ordeal there develops an emotional connection to a country undergoing some of its darkest hours .
-LSB- Jolie -RSB- has created an accomplished piece of work which is possessed of a genuine artistry .
Jolie has put her stardom to stunning artistic use .
It unspools with admirable discipline and verve . This is Jolie 's most accomplished work yet .
A girls-eye-view of genocide that feels less like a conventional narrative than a haunted , impressionistic dream .
Angelina Jolie should be heralded as the next cinematic auteur , a master craftswoman of the medium .
The result is relentless and involving even when it stumbles . Jolie may not be a full-fledged auteur yet , but she unquestionably possesses a singular aesthetic that courses through her work and exists completely apart from her high-profile acting career .
Dramatically speaking , apart from the fact that no child should experience what Loung had to witness , she 's not an especially compelling character ...
What the film does n't have is the visceral impact that would take it from a well intentioned treatise to a searing work of art .

@highlight

First They Killed My Father tackles its subject matter with grace , skill , and empathy , offering a ground-level look at historic atrocities that resonates beyond its story 's borders .