Lucas controls himself , unlike in the previous prequels , and sticks to the most poignant issues , which makes the transition from Sith to A New Hope effortless .
Lucas is not a master of writing dialogue ... but save for some exaggerated or somewhat absurd moments , `` Revenge of the Sith '' is a great `` Star Wars '' movie , a roller coaster of action and emotion . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Some of it is is truly , unmissably great . Some of it is hilariously awful , and some of it is awful enough to not even crawl up to the level of hilarity
The special effects , of course , are incomparably good and the digital photography achieves a dazzling clarity .
With a willingness to take the Star Wars saga to its necessary darkest direction , ` Sith ' delivers an epic , masterful payoff to the prequels .
The best of Lucas 's recent SW trilogy .
Critics and fans are already praising the movie , claiming it 's better than Phantom Menace and Attack of the Clones . But that 's not difficult , as both movies were bad , and the new one is just as bad in many ways .
Star Wars is awesome again .
It soon becomes obvious that there is no avoiding the burden of predictability : there is nothing , essentially , in the film 's story that we do n't know already .
From the opening frames of Lucas ' final Star Wars instalment , it 's clear the shackles are off .
Part III is much better than I and II . We should be grateful for that .
Lucas saved the best of his arguably needless prequels for last , finally justifying an entertainment empire and cementing a myth .
Devout fans will have to go . For the rest of us , the best rewards of this show were long ago , in a galaxy that now seems far , far away .
Sith comes back with full force .
It might not be quite the mind-blowing finale that die-hard fans were hoping for , but at least there is enough here to make the spine tingle .
Despite our knowing where the story goes , Sith keeps your attention through its 140-plus minutes . And that says something about Lucas 's skill and the power of the universe he created .
Say what you want about Lucas ' one-take directing style , his over-reliance on blue screens or his cheesy tendency to reference himself , but his imagination is as fertile as ever .
Special effects have greatly advanced since 1978 , but technology needs imagination after it has made an initial impression . Imagination is not the strong suit of Revenge of the Sith .
The final , bridging movie between George Lucas 's two epic Star Wars trilogies ends not with a bang but with plenty of artistic whimpering .
Revenge of the Sith is , so Lucas assures us , a ` tragedy ' . It might have been wise to have stationed an announcer at every movie house to announce this fact over the PA system since it eluded the audience I saw it with last weekend .
Revenge of the Sith is far from a great film but it easily trumps its two predecessors .
The pity is that Lucas and his team could n't have just manufactured the toys and the `` Making Of '' coffee table books and given the films a miss .
Strong , unrelenting , moving and bracingly exciting , Revenge Of The Sith is a fitting end to a truly great series .
For all the hype , I fear this is a film that only the most uncritical Star Wars fans will truly enjoy .
I must say that I did get quite emotional in this .
I think it is visually exciting . I think there are wonderful things in it but I just missed that innocence of the early films .
-LSB- A -RSB- dramatically cogent and highly satisfying finale to the Star Wars saga .
Thankfully , Star Wars : Episode III - Revenge Of The Sith has a good deal to offer besides its cachet as the farewell to a pop culture .
Episode III mainly is what it is -- the climax of a sometimes grand adventure that 's more than the sum of its parts , yet much less than it might have been .
The bar has been set so low in mainstream Hollywood movies that it 's not even worth seriously analyzing this stuff
As the finale approached , I just did n't want to leave my seat , because that meant it 's all over ... supposedly .
Lucas slips up on a few fronts en route , but does n't disappoint when it counts .
Of course , being best Star Wars film since Empire Strikes Back is n't saying much , when you consider what came between ...
A grave and vigorous popular entertainment , a picture that regains and sustains the filmic Force -LSB- Lucas -RSB- dreamed up a long time ago , in a movie industry that seems far , far away .
This one had the most potential , and in that way it is the most disappointing .
A fitting capstone on a collection of screen classics for the ages !
The only one of the trilogy that actually works as both a good Summer movie and a solid sci-fi movie in its own right .
It 's a profound movie , and a fine one . I 've not even mentioned the visual aspect , which is miles above similar effects pictures , but we would expect that , not the excellence of filmmaking that contains it .
full review in Greek
The best-looking Star Wars episode of all , if not the most exciting , most imaginative or most affecting .
Rich in cityscapes and costumes .
Lucas is a brilliant technician but a poor philosopher , and his lurchingly thought-out rendering of futuristic politics prevents the entire series from achieving the greatness to which it aspires .
. . even though Revenge is a better experience than Phantom Menace or Attack of the Clones , it does n't add anything that satisfying or compelling to the big picture .
The final third of this dark , brooding epic is utterly mesmerizing , building magnificently to a coda setting up all the events in the original trilogy with an as-to-now -LRB- at least in the prequels -RRB- unforeseen brilliance
For me , Sith succeeds in providing a satisfying ending to the films while also closing a chapter of my own life .
It did what I thought was impossible after the previous two films : it made me a Star Wars fan again .
A great Star Wars film and , dare I say , a great film onto itself .
a visually delicious film filled with ostensibly crowd pleasing -LRB- read boring -RRB- lightsaber battles ...
McGregor , Portman , and Christensen have all been brilliant elsewhere but the bonds between their characters are all in the dialogue , never between the lines . -LRB- And the less said about the lines themselves , the better . -RRB-
As blockbusters go , Revenge of the Sith has some good throwaway entertainment , but there have been better blockbusters with better throwaway entertainment .
The best thing about Episode III ? Jar Jar Binks is barely in it .
Although the stiff theatrics are part of the design , they 're no longer excusable .
What makes this movie work is watching Anakin Skywalker break our hearts , and ultimately serve as a textbook example of how the road to hell is paved with good intentions .
In years to come George Lucas 's farewell to his STAR WARS series may be considered his finest entry .
Against all odds , the movie becomes more than the sum of its creaky parts , building enough emotional firepower to destroy an entire hard-bitten cynic such as myself .
This is the film we yearned for as we sat passively through the shoddy merchandise-oriented Phantom Menace and the dull romantic scenes of Attack of the Clones .
For the 6th time in a row , George Lucas has done it again .
Why are blinds wipes and Fisher-Price spaceship interiors employed in a 2005 film ?
The film works fine as stand-alone entertainment , but does irreparable harm to the series as a whole .
A worthy end .
Star Wars was a gamble in 1977 . In 2005 Revenge of the Sith is the Empire .
Master Lucas Strikes Back !
Prepare to be blown away because George Lucas '` s latest space opera is an absolute belter , recalling the old magic of The Empire Strikes Back and banishing forever painful memories of the last two Star Wars prequels .
George Lucas better not write a romance novel next because even Fabio could n't save it .
Episode III hooks up to its sequel of 1977 as neatly as a space station landing dock .
Veering from moments of breathtakingly visualized valor to outright stupidity , Sith is a vast improvement over the previous two outings , but still and all , it 's no Star Wars .
I am pleased to report that George Lucas has found his way back from the Dark Side .
As popcorn entertainment , strapping in for Star Wars : Episode III is like hooking up with an old friend . Half the enjoyment is simply the idea of the reunion itself .
... it has become impossible to consider these movies apart from their dubious cultural and economic consequences .
As with the last two Star Wars movies , Revenge of the Sith is a visual spectacle , trotting out the best special effects Industrial Light and Magic has to offer .
... at once a work of closure and of sustenance .
To Star Wars fans everywhere , a celebration of galactic proportions .
Very good story telling , despite lapses into droll dialogue that takes itself too seriously .
Not far into the first third of the movie , I did n't think I was going to make it all the way through the percussive nonstop action .
It 's a stronger movie than the two previous installments but , as Yoda would say : an out-and-out triumph it is not .
... the brilliant final showdown between Obi-Wan and Anakin for his soul is the moment that takes the Star Wars saga where it needs to go ...
So boxed in by having to tie everything into a neat parcel that it feels constrained and is woefully lacking in surprises and dramatic tension .
Spectacular ... but it never really lifts you up into a new imaginative realm -- it never takes you away . It just keeps blazing at you .
By golly , he did it !
Overlooked amid the tired complaints of wooden acting and cornball dialogue is the most inspired filmmaking of Lucas 's career .
This film is very heavy on action and that is its saving grace .
-LRB- G -RRB- ood is seduced by evil and good must ulimately triumph is balance is to be restored and peace secured . Sound familiar ?
Final installment still far cry from 70s pics .
In spite of the acting horrors who are Christensen and Portman , the `` Star Wars '' series manages to go out on a high note .
Watching it , you realize that Lucas has created his own coup . He has stolen this trilogy back from the brink of disappointment and ended it with an intergalactic bang .
The final hour ... delivers like Domino 's pizza .
A fitting conclusion to a landmark franchise .
What this film really accomplishes is it gives us insight into these characters that lessens their effectiveness in the later episodes .
Nominally better than its immediate predecessors thanks to a pervasive atmosphere of catastrophic doom .
... an enticingly dark and absorbing spectacle that should satisfy the casual Star Wars fanatic who fancies an action-packed package full of emotional promise and prose .
As every fan is well aware , Natalie Portman is destined to reveal her twins , and not the twins we were all hoping to see , if you know what I mean .
... clearly the best of the prequel trio , and for me almost as good as Return of the Jedi . But this is largely because there are no Ewoks involved .
Well done , George . Well done .
Easily the best of the prequels ...
All in all , this reviewer was satisfied with Star Wars III .
a unique film in the way its primary objective is to certify what we already know , and the pleasure it generates is not in the surprise of what happens , but in how it happens
Lucas has woven into the action and effects a relatively thoughtful story about a young man meant for greatness but corrupted by his own fear and confusion , a story more Shakespearean than Arthurian .
Hardly the masterpiece that anxious fanboys have rushed to call it , Sith recovers much of the joy and the gravity that many feared had gone the way of the Ewoks .
The good news is that Lucas promises this is the last Star Wars movie . Hallelujah .
We always knew it would end like this , but sheesh !
One leaves the theater with a 30-year sense of closure and satisfaction
Maybe Revenge of the Sith is the best film in the series because it 's the last , and the adventure of a long time ago in a galaxy far , far away returns , inevitably , to the here and now .
This is downright brilliant filmmaking , an awesome spectacle that manages to balance thrills and emotion with a steady hand .
Enthralling and stunning . So it comes down to this : Darth Vader had a selfless good reason .
A Vingança dos Sith engrandece toda a saga concebida por George Lucas . Esta é , com o perdão do trocadilho , sua verdadeira Força .
It 's exciting , foreboding , grand and important , a part of our culture and identity no matter how loudly cineastes scream bloody murder .
The prequel trilogy finally becomes what we have all wanted it to be .
The action is pretty spectacular , especially the climactic light-saber duel and an all-too-brief sequence in which Yoda leads a Wookiee army into battle . Die-hard fans will be drooling all over that one .
Oh , the relief to reach the conclusion of Star Wars Episode III , not because George Lucas has brought home the franchise safe and sound but because I know I will never have to sit through another minute of this turgid , subliterate spaceballs again .
If you 've seen the others , you 'll want to see this one . Let 's face it -- there 's no turning back .
Anakin switches teams and the force avoids becoming farce in Lucas ' swan-song .
Growing up Star Wars is like growing up Catholic - no matter how bitter you might become , ya ca n't shake it . Last week I bought CHEEZ-ITs because R2-D2 was on the box .
Like the most heavily-effects-budgeted shoulder shrug in history .
No magic , little light , but an awful lot of heavy industry .
Everything that has a beginning has a middle - and while this centerpiece to the Star Wars saga may indeed be middling , it still beats Return of the Jedi anyday .
Redeems some of the luster lost from the previous two installments .
A glorious , perversely satisfying conclusion to a labor of love ... and a grand entertainment in its own right .
There 's some sadness knowing that the Star Wars pictures are done . However , I get intense pleasure knowing that the series concludes on the highest of high notes .
If the final scenes -- and especially the very last shot -- stir nothing within you , chances are you did n't like Star Wars that much to begin with .
The Force will undoubtedly be with us -- and the movie world -- for good ...
There is nothing fun about Sith , except maybe the opening space battle , and it 's not so much an adventure as an ordeal .
Revenge of the Sith is the darkest , most tragic film in the series . It is also the finest since The Empire Strikes Back .
Way-neato Sith is , but its screenplay 's logic I understand not .
`` Hey , you got politics all over my mythology ! '' `` No , you got mythology all over my politics ! '' Guess what ? You can have both !
It turns out I 'm still afraid of the Dark Side .
There 's precious little of the wonder and charm of the original Stars Wars films in this big , loud , and mostly empty spectacle .
When the aim is pure visual spectacle , the results are brilliantly exciting . When the aim is heart-touching drama , though , the movie falls apart .
It 's revenge of the Star Wars fan .
Flat performances and even flatter dialogue give the final Star Wars prequel a hollow ring .
The lurid attraction of Revenge of the Sith stems from its utter predictability , from our knowledge that this is the payoff for which five earlier films over 28 years were but one elaborate Greek chorus .
Be still our little saber-loving hearts ! It 's here ...
It 's the only new prequel that does n't feel like robots were behind the camera , and the most thrilling , enthralling and tragic episode since Empire .
If you can use Jedi mind tricks to gloss over the trite dialogue and stiff acting , Revenge of the Sith is going to give you the big payoff you 've been waiting for .
The Force will be with us always -- and , after seeing Revenge of the Sith , you 'll once again remember why .
I got frustrated with the high cheesy factor -LRB- disappointed in the acting I was -RRB- , but I never got bored .
Star Wars : Episode III - Revenge of the Sith is the movie we 've been waiting for , the movie that should have been made all along .
For once , the words ` A long time ago in a galaxy far , far away ' seem ironic , and it 's hard to watch what follows without drawing comparisons to our own political landscape .
Limbs are lost , people die , destruction is widespread , and evil reigns ... all this violence is courtesy a mere PG-13 rating -LRB- thanks , MPAA ! -RRB-
Got Wood ? Christensen 's stiff acting almost sink this digital ship . The last hour is absolutely brilliant .
This one is definitely the best of the three . Fear not , fans . Lucas came through in the clutch .
It 's meatier and more daring than -LSB- the first two prequels -RSB- , and earns its place alongside the original Star Wars and The Empire Strikes Back .
Lucas ' attempted apolitical veneer only underlines the point : wars are political , even in movies .
Too bad George Lucas was trying to write a tragedy and not a farce .
While it does carry some of the flaws of the first two episodes , it thankfully lives up to its promise to be the darkest film in the series .
Lucas should be barred from touching a typewriter , but , based on his work here , I 'd like to see him encouraged to shoot as many fight scenes as possible .
An ideal , convincing finale for this franchise .
Lucas ' vision has matured , along with his digital special-effects tools . Lucky for us that the Force was often with him on this one .
You may walk away sad , or even depressed , but it 's nothing that a Darth Vader Slurpee ca n't cheer up .
... falls down in the one area that it ca n't afford to - making us feel something at the moment Anakin goes to the Dark Side .
The circle is now complete .
Almost exactly what it needs to be , a powerful middle film to end one trilogy and presage another .
A slam-bang summer blockbuster . Completes , deepens , and enriches the series beyond the pop-cultural phenomenon it has long-since made for itself .
Acquits the recent stinkiness of the series pretty well . I know , high praise indeed . But consider this - I knew what was going to happen , and I still cared .
Should satisfy all the fans and breed new ones . The Force is strong in this one .
Beautifully choreographed , loud , furious and rib-shaking donnybrooks that are weaved of the long-gestating daydreams of fans .
Remarkably , Lucas solicits even worse performances than in pictures past ; the Mace Windu-Palpatine confrontation ranks amongst the worst acted scenes I 've ever seen .
The only disappointment - Natalie Portman does not wear the Princess Leia gold bikini .
Revenge of the Sith is so good , it almost redeems Episode I. . . Almost .
Not only a perfect bridge to the original trilogy but will draw favorable comparisons to the fabled excellence of The Empire Strikes Back .
George Lucas is much more interested in the reflection of some planet 's third moon on a window than in the other reasons people go to movies , like acting and script .
The film is pretty much wall-to-wall action , with little of the filibusters about trade unions that made Phantom Menace and Clones so irritating .
Nostalgie et gravité aidant , La Revanche des Sith offre certainement quelques séquences d'anthologie et même certains moments d'émotion palpable .
Just when you thought it was safe to ridicule everything Star Wars , Lucas returns from his flirtation with the Dark Side by crafting a terrific caper to his monumental series .
A dark , dramatic , action-packed climax to the trilogy of prequels that 's almost good enough to make you forgive The Phantom Menace . Almost .
Like the other two so-called ` prequels ' , this one still does n't feel like a Star Wars movie ...
At its best , Revenge of the Sith reaches that plateau where pop is art .
A film that never wields the dramatic impact its plot should demand , and never realises the emotional potential at its dark heart .
If only this had gotten out of the starting gate a little quicker , it would be an unqualified success .
Episode III suffers from some of the same shortcomings ... that its two recent predecessors did , only this time ... far less ...
While Lord Lucas has failed to solve the problems that he has demonstrated throughout the sextet , he also has commandingly summited the zenith of what he is good at .
Revenge of the Sith might be tolerable if it were n't designed to be taken seriously .
Otherwise known as I Was a Teenage Darth Vader , Star Wars III is dull , puerile and underwritten , not that it will matter to its lemming-like legion of fans .
For fans it will be nirvana , and for everyone else a welcome relief .
` Triumphant ' is the word I 'd use for Sith , particularly for its superb light-saber battles , which rediscover the sheer joy and physicality missing in Star Wars since Han Solo 's heyday .
Revenge of the Sith is a brilliant consummation to a promise made a long time ago , far , far away , in a galaxy called 1977 .
Revenge of the Sith , though , stands apart from its inert , tech-obsessed predecessors . It feels , at last , like the work of a man with a story to tell .
Watching Revenge of the Sith , it 's hard not to wonder if Lucas even knows how good a movie he almost made .
The darkest , most operatic , and technologically richest Star Wars movie to date , Sith is grim , stirring entertainment and a nearly complete vindication .
The movie grabs us from its heart-pounding opening sequence and pulls us inexorably along its trajectory with the grip of the last gruesome act of a Greek tragedy .
Compared to the dog-fight in Star Wars this is like playing Halo instead of Pac Man .
George Lucas had lost his way for many years , gone to filmmaking 's dark side . But now he 's mustered up completely unexpected reserve for a last-minute redemption .
Though flawed , Episode III never betrays the Star Wars legacy .
Even if this movie is short of perfection , it makes Star Wars complete .
Ultimately , Revenge of the Sith resonates with surprising emotional power and an undeniable sense of finality .
The finale feels less the inevitable conclusion of some great saga than the predictable mooing of a reliable cash cow .
Revenge of the Sith overcomes its dime-store dialogue and less than convincing performances through the sheer force of its director 's vision .
It 's better than Episode I and not quite as good as Episode II . What it is n't is a lot of fun .
More than a first-rate wrap-up job , it stands on its own as a dazzling piece of showmanship .
Revenge of the Sith completes the big picture and will undoubtedly find favor with a majority of fans . But it is n't a very good movie .
Revenge of the Sith is more of the same : wildly flamboyant effects serving weak characters , bad acting and obtuse plotting .
Man : ` You 're so beautiful . ' Woman : ` It 's only because I 'm so in love . ' Man : ` No , it 's because I 'm so in love with you . ' Me : ` Man oh man . '
George Lucas makes it easy to experience Star Wars : Episode III -- Revenge of the Sith as a rush of deliverance -- even if the movie itself does n't fully deliver .
Restore your faith in the Force , this will .
It 's good . I mean really good .
Lucas ha cumplido la profecía : ha traído el equilibrio a la Fuerza .
Call it the saga 's ` Darth nadir . ' Lucas 's greatest success in Sith is this : We ca n't help but sympathize with Anakin as he surrenders to the Dark Side .
I 'm still not totally convinced that this is the result of good filmmaking , so much as it simply makes viewers nostalgic for the original trilogy .
It 's all about seeing the story lines of the sloppy prequels finally tie together with the original films . -LSB- F -RSB- ans will enjoy -LSB- watching -RSB- everything fall neatly into place .
It 's all kind of like comfort food as Episode 3 finally brings you back ` to a galaxy far , far away ' that we first met nearly three decades ago .
... writer/director George Lucas has been promising a darker film and Hayden Christensen 's critical vindication . He delivers on the first promise .
A satisfying finale ... a happy payoff for fans who found Phantom Menace and the first half of Attack of the Clones to be plodding exposition .
Technically magnificent but dramatically inert , it 's a lumberingly predictable finale to the space saga that peaked in 1980 and has been going downhill ever since .
A great film in spite of itself .
The good George Lucas usually wins out , even if the story focuses on the Dark Side of the Force .
Precisely what this passionate SW geek wanted : a bit less soapy dialogue , a lot more action , and a stunningly strong infusion of drama , emotion , and tragedy .
I cried for two reasons . First , because , after nearly 30 years , it 's finished . Yes , the series will be out in 3-D . But this is the finale of what George Lucas began in 1977 .
Lacking in dramatic punch , animated only by mind-numbing action sequences and endless light-saber fights .
What a shock when George Lucas finds his footing and the saga once again takes hold .
It provides fun and closure , wrapping up the saga 's many narrative strings in an entertaining finale .
Despite all of its impressive slam-bang , almost wall-to-wall action and awe-inspiring special effects , Episode III , though head and shoulders above the other prequels , is crippled by poor scripting and logic .
Same logo . Same starry-night spacescape . Same music . Same crawl . Same everything . Only different . And so much better .
Revenge of the Sith is both unspeakably brilliant and kind of OK , depending on where you 're coming from .
An engaging sense of closure to a tale that has captivated more than one generation , and one that has made cinematic history
-LSB- T -RSB- here is a haunting , disconcerting bittersweetness to the film that is impossible to shake . It 's a particularly GenX response , I suspect ...
We are all preprogrammed in one way or another to want Episode III -- Revenge of the Sith to climax in the way it does . All George had to do was not screw that up . He did n't .
Heretical though it sounds , -LSB- Sith -RSB- may come closest of all the films to achieving the balance between gee-whiz sci-fi spectacle and mythic resonance to which Lucas aspired .
For many , the Sith finale will redeem all three prequels . Others will wonder why Lucas wasted so many dollars , years and pixels on a story that could have been told in one film , or better yet , not at all .
Lucas still ca n't write . His dialogue crashes and burns like an X-wing zapped out of the sky by a star destroyer .
Star Wars , for better or worse , was the genuine article . How then can there not be a relevance , and a resonance , in saying goodbye ?
To say that Revenge of the Sith is a vast improvement is not extravagant praise -- but neither is it any kind of putdown .
All those who wondered whether writer-director George Lucas was going to end his sci-fi career in a downward tailspin can rest easy .
My favorite of the three most recent Star Wars movies , Revenge of the Sith mixes all of the best elements from its predecessors .
Sith takes a while to sink in , but once you get used to its rhythm , it provides the most satisfying Star Wars adventure of the last 20 years .
While Sith is mostly enjoyable , the best part about it is that we are finally done with the journey .
Star Wars , people , is back .
Revenge of the Sith is the most energetic of the prequels , the only one at all worth watching . But that does n't mean it is without the weaknesses that scuttled its pair of predecessors .
It 's the darkest of the six-film opus , but it just may be the best of the lot .
Though it starts slowly , it lumbers toward greatness in the last third and restores him briefly to the top of his class .
It took 22 years , but the Jedi has finally returned .
Sure to please diehard fans and fringe folk alike .
The Jedi faithful deserve far better than this .
As he brings his beginning to an end , George Lucas finally produces a second-generation Star Wars adventure worthy of the originals .
I think it 's the best one since The Empire Strikes Back .
Crippled as he is by the decisions of the first two films , Lucas manages to invest the final chapter of his space opera with the grand operatic spirit of the original trilogy .
... the dialogue is astonishingly feeble , the acting unforgivably wooden .
The scariest , most exciting , most visually prodigious of the sextet , with action sequences that explode off the screen , characters who finally awaken your sentiments .
George Lucas has achieved what few artists do ; he has created and populated a world of his own .
... the visually stunning Sith is also the fastest-paced and most accessible .
All those Star Wars geeks , who 've been waiting for weeks outside movie theaters with their Yoda sleeping bags and their homemade lightsabers , finally have a film that 's worthy of their perseverance .
Even with its pulpy excesses showing , Revenge of the Sith has a grandiose melancholy that will especially haunt those who have grown up revering the Skywalker chronicles . The rest of the audience may well be on its own .
Lucas ' pioneering work in computer-generated special effects has often gotten the better of him , but this time the action and the visual effects are splendid .
So much here is guaranteed to cause either offense or pain .
Star Wars : Episode III - Revenge of the Sith ... is without doubt the best of the three most recent films . That 's not exactly high praise ...
This is by far the best film in the more recent trilogy , and also the best of the four episodes Mr. Lucas has directed . That 's right : it 's better than Star Wars .
Revenge Of The Sith is brilliant . It 's as if it took Lucas two goes to get comfortable in the director 's chair and can now actually apply a bit of style to the proceedings .
Anakin 's defection from Jediism to Sithdom should provide the film 's backbone , but neither the script nor Christensen delivers the needed nuance .
Oh my ... it 's neither spongeworthy nor Vader-riffic .
Once the cogs are set in motion for the creation of Vader , & the Clone Wars start getting bloody , Sith commences to cook in a way that no movie has since Empire .
Color me disappointed -- and I say this as a huge Star Wars fan . Its murky plotting and its long , video game battles left me cold and bored .
A flawed masterpiece .
Let the projectionist raise the audio above a whisper , and your enjoyment of the free-flowing spectacle will be diluted by some of the worst acting and writing known to mainstream film -- and that 's by George Lucas ' meager standards .
Drink the Kool-Aid . Wear blinders . Cover your ears . Because that 's the only way you can totally enjoy Revenge of the Sith .
The more casual fan may be left feeling like Revenge of the Sith scores a technical knockout rather than the real thing .
As it morphs to connect with Episode IV , Lucas manages to add new resonance to the overall saga .
Revenge of the Sith is not the `` masterpiece '' some make it out to be . It is , simply , a far more worthy installment than we 've recently been fed .
Thank the movie gods this one is better than the two previous Star Wars films .
An exhilarating , inexorably dark , somewhat distressing rollercoaster ride of fun ... the film Star Wars fans have been waiting for .
May be the fourth best film in the series . It 's still a tossup with Ewok Adventure , but I have n't seen that in a while so it may not hold up as well .
It may well be the best of all six Star Wars movies .
At last ... Lucas brings forth the long-awaited , well-earned kick - *** conclusion to the latest Star Wars trilogy . Fans will cheer !
Revenge of the Sith was the film that should have salvaged the prequels . It does n't .
So sound in its construction and ... -LSB- its -RSB- space-operatic catharsis that even the nitpickiest fanboy will likely adopt a humbly mumbled ` All is forgiven ' as a daily mantra .
Lucas manages to turn the audience 's familiarity to his advantage : like a jigsaw puzzle whose final form has always been known , the fun is in discovering how the last pieces fit .
Perhaps the Dark Side is stronger after all ; it certainly makes the conclusion of this journey a memorable one .
Revenge Of The Sith strings a complex plot onto a framework of practically non-stop action .
Mercifully , Revenge Of The Sith is -LRB- deep sigh -RRB- light-years ahead of the turgid Menace and the undercooked Clones .
with a sigh of relief we come to the end of a trilogy that fell criminally short of all that is could have , and by all rights , should have been
Goodbye , Star Wars , and thanks for everything . It 's been a wonderful ride .
The transformation , when it comes , is sensational , and all the more agonising because it is never absolute
Will be remembered as one of the greatest movies ever made . ` Classic ' is n't kind enough a word for this gem . The best film to be unleashed onto the public in 25 years !
A rousing and tragic sendoff to a beloved franchise , and the best installment in the Star Wars series since 1980 's The Empire Strikes Back .
Lucas pays off the most elaborate setup in film history .
This film finally creates a saga out of Star Wars , and that saga deserves its recognition as one of the finest ever to be delivered to cinema screens .
Energetic and character-driven , the new film , which is both mythic and contempo in its politics , ends with a bang , obliterating the bad taste left by Episodes I & II .
A good film , but just not the classic it could have been .
If , as director Lucas has said , this is the final film in the saga , he has done himself justice by going out with a winner .
The magic died a long time ago , see , Episode III is just the death twitch .
I imagine that Revenge of the Sith is very much the film Lucas 's fans want to see , but are some of them ready for an anti-Bush diatribe ?
Even though Ian McDiarmid is a delicious bad guy , John Williams ' music is what sets this apart from other mundane films that survive on special effects .
Enthralling and triumphant , Lucas saved the best for last , completing a significant cultural phenomenon that now encompasses six films .
Finally , Lucas recaptures some of the magic !
With strong performances by Ian McDiarmid , Ewan McGregor , and Yoda , it delivers much of the action and darkness that fans have been looking for . The final connection with the Classic Trilogy ultimately makes it a satisfying conclusion to the Saga .
The final episode of George Lucas ' cinematic epic Star Wars ends the six-movie series on such a high note that one feels like yelling out , ` Rewind ! '
Whatever one thought of the previous two installments , this dynamic picture irons out most of the problems , and emerges as the best in the overall series since The Empire Strikes Back .
An unexpectedly sweet pleasure ... a dark and gripping slice of space opera , it successfully avoids the pitfalls of its predecessors .
Star Wars fans have finally been rewarded for their patience . George has made another masterpiece .
We already know how this film turns out and no one at Lucasfilm has the wit to make the journey interesting .


@highlight

With Episode III : Revenge of the Sith , George Lucas brings his second Star Wars trilogy to a suitably thrilling and often poignant -- if still a bit uneven -- conclusion .