Unless you 've been mixing your medications , your resistance to Mr Blart 's charms should hold for at least the rest of your life .
People laughing at fat men is n't new , but it 's never felt as old as in Paul Blart : Mall Cop 2 .
This follow-up to the 2009 original is even more terminally dumb and dopey , with co-writer , co-producer and star Kevin James hamming it up horribly .
As expected , all the humour involves his bumping into things and falling over because he 's fat , which is apparently hilarious .
Not about the every man hero , it 's about the fat slob working class and how we should laugh at them and not with them .
Forget the whole `` Whatever happens in Vegas stays in Vegas '' spiel ; Officer Blart should have done us all a solid and stayed in Jersey with his Segway .
The Blart jokes hobble along again here . What 's new is an added layer of misjudgment -LRB- e.g. , tasing someone five times -RRB- . The only cringe to this comedy comes with the stereotypes : a no-nonsense black woman who drops slang ; a snotty young Latino hotshot .
Surprising notes of meanness and bitterness .
Kevin James ' buffoonish charm and the obvious product placement quickly run cold .
It does n't break new ground in any way , but it relishes Kevin James hitting it for our pleasure as many times as he can-and sometimes that 's enough .
If you find yourself in front of a screen where Paul Blart : Mall Cop 2 is playing you only have yourself to blame .
Although there have been worse sequels -- and worse overall movies -- make no mistake , that 's hardly a recommendation .
A perfectly congenial , innocuous goofball comedy . It 's not as funny as the first film , but it is funny enough ... this chuckle-worthy little film has become subject to some of the most vitriolic reviews in recent memory ; it is difficult to figure out why .
Paul Blart : Mall Cop 2 does n't believe in the worthiness of its own hero . Why should we ?
There are mediocre films , and then there are films like Paul Blart : Mall Cop 2 , where the mediocrity is more or less the point .
No more than an excuse for James to play out his affable brand of humour - mixing physical slapstick with a verbose running commentary of both grandiose and self-depreciating observations on life and himself .
It does n't have enough laughs , the fact that is a `` family '' comedy does not allow room for bold humor . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
The only thing that stands out about this film is how hard it tries to be an average comedy . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
Maybe Paul Blart is n't spoofing John McClane after all ; maybe these movies are actually too stupid to realize what they 're imitating .
Paul Blart : Mall Cop 2 may be forgettable , but it 's difficult to truly dislike .
This is n't much more than a fly 's fart of a film , the most microscopically tiny of afterthoughts .
A sequel has a responsibility to cultivate its garden . Paul Blart : Mall Cop 2 never gets further than the fertilizer .
During Blart 's awkward convention speech , a fellow security guard is so inspired , she yells out , `` You go Paul Blart ! '' Yes , Paul Blart . You go . And take everybody involved with this mess with you .
Kevin James and Nick Bakay are credited as screenwriters , but that 's only because `` Taking Naps '' and `` I Went Out To Get A Sandwich '' are not Writer 's Guild credits yet .
A movie whose chuckles -LRB- six , I counted -RRB- are outnumbered by helicopter shots of the Wynn resort in Las Vegas .
You wo n't find much offensive in Kevin James 's slick , innocuous vehicle Paul Blart : Mall Cop 2 . You wo n't find much prompting an emotional reaction in general , so familiar are the jokes and situations .
Paul Blart : Mall Cop 2 takes a page from the Think Like A Man Too playbook by moving its sequel to Las Vegas , and a page from seemingly every other bad sequel by essentially remaking the original .
The plot is full of gaps in logic , motivation , physics and chemistry . Characters show up and vanish again as randomly as the targets in a game of Whac-a-Mole .
Caddyshack 2 . Exorcist 2 . Speed 2 . To this small sample of the ever-expanding list of wretched movie sequels , add Paul Blart : Mall Cop 2 , a gobsmackingly witless excuse for entertainment .
The proceedings are at their best when focusing on Blart 's relationship with his daughter , but sadly that human element is forced to take a backseat to Blart 's stopping a heist .
Far from the worst movie that you 'll ever see , but you might leave wondering why you , the people on the screen , or anyone else in the theater even bothered .
Die-hard Kevin James fans will get additional mileage from it , but Paul Blart : Mall Cop 2 is a pretty easy pass for everyone else .
It is listless , boring and as flat to the floor as Paul Blart when he slams down in a coma or gets knocked down by a villain , a vehicle or a horse 's hind hoof .
Like the first movie , Mall Cop 2 suffers from indifferent plotting and apathetic jokes that often do n't appear to have punchlines .
Nothing here is remotely salvageable
The cinematic equivalent of biting into an old brown banana .
Truly , there is not a single redeeming moment in director Andy Fickman 's film . A general flatness and lethargy permeates these reheated proceedings .
Nobody was expecting much from Paul Blart : Mall Cop 2 , but did it have to be this unimaginative and lifeless ?
Even with six years of preparation , the sequel feels slapdash , too reliant on James to bring the funny , and he 's clearly struggling throughout this awkward return engagement .
There was a point where I was considering writing a will because this film made me want to leave this Earth .
Paul Blart : Mall Cop 2 is a boring , lifeless , lazily written movie with Kevin James ' cheap , slapstick gags repeated ad nauseam .
More slapstick humor ; strongest appeal for Kevin James fans .
Kevin James keeps falling on his face and colliding with heavy objects , this time in Vegas , in this tacky , numbingly inane sequel .
James tries hard , very hard , to inject the proceedings with slapstick humor , propelling his large body through endless physical contortions in a fruitless effort for laughs .
Your enjoyment -LRB- or not -RRB- of the material will depend solely on whether you find James ' portrayal of this character entertaining . -LRB- Full Content Review -- Sex , Violence , etc. -- for Parents also available -RRB-
Even the title is lazy .
Tragically unfunny . More of an excuse to promote the Wynn resort than a real movie .
It 's like Die Hard if Bruce Willis was overweight , socially inept , clumsy , and kind of dimwitted .
This wisp of a plot is just an excuse for James to do his one trick over and over : Bluster , then screw up humiliatingly . Is it never funny ? No , it 's not never funny . It 's just not funny nearly often enough .
The theater echoes with the sounds ... of silence .
It takes approximately thirty seconds for Kevin James and Nick Bakay to undo any existing good will viewers might have for its predecessor . `` Paul Blart : Mall Cop 2 '' succeeds only at being aggravating .
It 's better than some of the other titles in the Kevin James back catalogue ... but that 's like saying one bout of syphilis was better than another bout of syphilis .
Here 's our list of 20 things that are n't quite as bad as Paul Blart : Mall Cop 2 .
A soulless sequel . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's not that the film is particularly loathsome , or that Blart is an overweeningly horrible character . What rankles is that he 's barely anything at all ; a stereotype of a stereotype ; a half-remembered punchline ; a stomach with a moustache and wheels .
Hard to believe , I know , but this is a real movie that real people have unashamedly put their names to . Because a sweet paycheck trumps human dignity .
So mordantly witless that it takes on the quality of a bleak art-house tragedy .
What would a film be like if every single person involved made as little effort as humanly possible ?

@highlight

Bathed in flop sweat and bereft of purpose , Paul Blart : Mall Cop 2 strings together fat-shaming humor and Segway sight gags with uniformly unfunny results .