Not without its qualities , the movie ultimately does a disservice to the very people it purports to represent .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Mark Herman knows how to milk the melodrama from every scene , but viewers may feel a little icky about the experience .
A film dealing with the Holocaust really should be a little less clumsily executed , manipulative and contrived than this .
Built upon a powerful but gimmicky end , The Boy in the Striped Pajamas would make a fine short . As a full-length feature , though , the pajamas wear thin quickly .
The result is n't a deep film , but rather a profound one .
We are left in no doubt about the brutality of what 's going on there but it 's almost entirely off-screen . Still , the film is terribly confronting .
This writer ca n't remember witnessing a harder-hitting kids ' movie denouement than the one that closes this microcosm of middle-class German family life in WWII .
Much of the film depends on our ability to suspend disbelief and see the world as Bruno sees it . It has a finale designed to shock .
You may get halfway through and wonder why it 's getting so heavily recommended here . Once you 've experienced it in its entirety , you 'll know why .
For me , the pluses far outweighed any misgivings I had with this ultimately very moving film .
The performances never falter , and even James Horner 's heavy-handed score ca n't dim the film 's unfathomable , unshakable ending .
The story is passable , albeit a little too manufactured for my taste in terms of its moral lessons , but the execution is so stilted and unconvincing that the experience is uncomfortable
The power of this story and the way director Mark Herman tells it through the innocent eyes of an eight year old boy overcome all the hurdles with its child-like simplicity that clutches our hearts
The novel was written for young adults and the film feels like it pulls its punches . The final horrifying revelation is still a long way from the painful realities of those days .
When the time comes for resolution , writer / director Mark Herman suddenly delivers the unexpected ; he does not sell out .
Why do the all the Nazis here have British accents ? How confusing is that ? An unintentionally-comical cross of Hogan 's Heroes and Springtime for Hitler !
The picture is blatantly obvious , pandering , and rather insulting .
The inevitability of the loss of innocence and tragedy is a heavy burden for the audience to bear .
A harrowing , unforgettable film . I highly recommend it .
While effective in spots , the abrupt , powerful ending would have worked better as a short story .
Constrói um desfecho mergulhado em dor e terror , lembrando-nos de que , no final das contas , são nossos filhos quem pagam - e caro % u2013 pelos erros de julgamento que cometemos .
Herman has the unenviable task of presenting a challenging and delicate topic like the Holocaust honestly , while at the same time delivering his tale in a kid-friendly way .
A movie so horrific it haunts your dreams but so fascinating you ca n't turn your eyes away from it .
The Boy In The Striped Pajamas reminds us that when youthful minds are still being shaped , they can be poisoned by the evil of the adults they admire .
While I ca n't say the film had much emotional impact on me -- I get the point , but it 's sloppily executed -- it 's definitely an unusual attempt .
Making a parable out of the Holocaust is a dicey proposition , and here the emotional tugs are so forced that it exploits and trivializes the historical tragedy it claims to be trying to illuminate .
Even in its lighter moments , the picture never downplays the horror of the situation , and the devastating ending is potent enough to affect even those viewers who write it off as nothing more than a sensationalist stunt .
Poignant and devastatingly sad - but over-the-top manipulative .
-LSB- What -RSB- might easily have been turned into a terrible and tasteless Boy 's Adventure in the Holocaust movie ... is , instead , a film that you wo n't soon forget .
The Boy in the Striped Pajamas fails to illuminate history . Instead , it raises questions about the project itself . As in , who thought this was a good idea ?
The resulting film nicely captures the banality of evil -- at least until overplaying its hand .
Those problems wo n't concern anyone caught up , perhaps for the first time , in a story that has the potential to rend any hearts that remain open to it .
I found the movie impossibly basic and sanitized as a ` never again ' parable of the Final Solution -- and simply wrongheaded as a story about children .
The tropes of the heartwarming indie kids movie get thrown together with the tropes of the low-voltage , war-at-home war drama , and the result is muddled but undeniably affecting
Perhaps the movie might be most profitably viewed as almost a genre tale : A suspense thriller with a moral to its twist ending , like that old Nazi ` Twilight Zone ' episode , but without the supernatural element .
A beautifully photographed film that hammers home its point -LRB- people are essentially good , Nazis are evil -RRB- repeatedly and simplistically .
... a serious and well-made film that does the only moral thing a movie can do when it attempts to confront great evil - it nips off a human-size chunk and does n't flinch when the horror turns and bares its bloody , brazen maw .
Either you will appreciate The Boy in the Striped Pajamas particular tact , or you will cringe on what it decides to exploit . Like the subject it secures as part of its plotting , there is no middle ground .
Writer-director Mark Herman , working from the novel by John Boyne , has created a smart-looking film , but one in which the only thing we learn about the Holocaust is that children were its victims , too .
This is an assured work , and -LSB- director Herman -RSB- gets fine performances from his cast .
The tale takes on the resonance of a Greek myth , and even though the story is fiction it finds devastating truths .
This story is already a tear-jerker , but the superb acting makes it even more heartfelt
-- a truly inspirational film --
Unfortunately , the film 's compelling ideas get buried in sloppy filmmaking .
Director Mark Herman -LRB- working from a novel by John Boyne -RRB- avoids condescension and refuses to cop out as the film heads inexorably toward its harrowing conclusion .
Young Scanlon and Butterfield are scathingly effective , never overplaying their roles .
In truth , the film is sure to stop the hearts of many who see it . There may indeed be hope in hell , but better to avoid hell altogether .
This is a rather gentle offering that builds to a devastating climax , one that may stun the moviegoer as much as any previous Holocaust movie .
Tries so hard to achieve ironic detachment from its subject matter that it 's unlikely to connect with anyone moved by Life Is Beautiful .
This is a heartbreaking , disturbing look at the Holocaust through the innocent eyes of a young boy .
-LSB- E -RSB- ndlessly distressing ... one of the most strikingly original movies about the end of childhood I 've ever seen ...
The mother 's sudden recognition of her husband 's Nazi activities is rendered with big music and zoomy close-ups , in the end , less enlightening than melodramatic .
... unusually offensive on a couple of levels .
Because its gaze is so level and so unyielding , it stands as one of the better dramatic films made on this subject -LRB- although it 's not nearly as fine as Louis Malle 's Au Revoir les Enfants , in which the camps remain a distant abstraction -RRB- .
Although it 's told from the perspective of a child , The Boy in the Striped Pajamas is as shattering as any film about the Holocaust could be , perhaps more so .
Contemptible awards-bait ... The Holocaust deserves far more than this prim Masterpiece Theater treatment .
I think that 's what makes it so powerful , is because it is so small .
A beautiful film .
Did n't these people see photos in the papers so that they could tell the difference between nighttime garb and the uniform of death ?
the Hollywood melodrama is grating enough that it may be worth skipping altogether .
Holocaust drama sensitive , but never sentimental .
The great conundrum of the Holocaust is that it was perpetrated by human beings , not monsters . Few movies have rendered this puzzle so powerfully .
Not quite on par with Life is Beautiful or Schindler 's List but it 's still a powerful film , and a more than worthy addition to the genre due to its unique perspective .
An unforgettable motion picture experience . Powerful and moving beyond words .
When Bruno makes an effort to set things right , the film goes powerfully wrong .
That these boys could not fathom what was actually going on in the camps also rings true and is the reason why stories like this one must endure .
This very unsubtle movie 's heart is in the right place ; its art , unfortunately , is n't .
Farmiga 's emotional clarity and intensity have an almost cleansing quality -- so pristine , plain and right . This role takes her abilities and her career to a new level .
Not everything in life , or in history , needs to be framed in terms of things children can relate to . I 'm not talking about shielding kids ; I 'm just saying that some ideas are so horrific that they should n't be framed in childish terms .
When it comes to the Holocaust , contrivance is neither welcome nor necessary .
Director Herman rarely pulls us out of Bruno 's naive view of the world , which adds a layer of unsettling ominousness .
Translating this dark fable to the screen , Herman for the most part maintains the book 's oversimplification of historical events , but he nonetheless crafts an affecting drama that refuses to soft-pedal its harrowing conclusion .
It 's the opposite of a good time out at the theatre , but it is a well-made film that is difficult to forget .
It tosses over all that finely drawn narrative caution and goes straight for the sensational , swinging its attention on Bruno 's distraught mother and the breakdown of a single German family .
The child in the striped pajamas is yours and mine and every child at any time .
It reeks of self-righteousness .
What strikes me as entirely bogus is the notion , expressed in the movie 's taglines , that this narrative can be interpreted as hopeful or positive .
The Boy in the Striped Pajamas may contain the most horrific and unsettling ending in film history but that is what makes the movie so darn good .
See the Holocaust trivialized , glossed over , kitsched up , commercially exploited and hijacked for a tragedy about a Nazi family . Better yet and in all sincerity : do n't .
Sophisticated and involving , The Boy in the Striped Pajamas offers a fuller picture of the period -LSB- than the book -RSB- and a stunner of a conclusion .
Yet another attempt to revisit a sorrowful event in history that should never be forgotten or used for entertainment .
It sounds ridiculous , and yet thanks to a remarkable concatenation of talent , it 's horrifying rather than risible .
I only wish they would have played more games back and forth through and over the fence , because every time they did , it got a little misty in the room .
Sturdy Holocaust drama focusing on childhood and innocence amidst the horror takes the multi-Oscar-winning Life Is Beautiful to more harrowing and credible extremes . An original but somewhat contrived look at kids bonding across a death camp 's barb
The faux-naive point of view probably worked better in the novel ; the literalness of film renders certain of the story 's conceits ... overly precious .
It prompts us to admit , however sadly , that childlike innocence is not sufficient in a world like ours % u2014that we need to be wise as serpents even as we remain innocent as doves .
Will undoubtedly pull many a heartstring and make many an audience member shed a tear , but , with a premise and execution this hollow and manipulative , I beg you , do n't fall for it .
The Boy in the Striped Pajamas could have been brilliant , and instead leaves one feeling unclean , angry , and distastefully toyed with .
Writer-director Mark Herman 's adaptation of John Boyne 's young-adult novel might register to some viewers as offensively tasteful .
The Boy in the Striped Pajamas has a storybook innocence about it , by design .
Crassly manipulative .
The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas may seek to provoke uneasy questions about humanity , but it goes about it in a way that places the film 's own moral accountability on very shaky ground .
-LSB- Director Mark Herman -RSB- draws excellent performances from his two young actors , who embody an almost magical sense of childhood that deepens , rather than conflicts with , the stark historical realities in which they are living .
And while the conclusion is n't a mystery , that does n't make witnessing it any less profound or powerful , the tears I shed in the final moments as heartfelt and as genuine as any I 've probably cried this year .
a devastating experience for both the characters and the audience .
This beautifully rendered family film is told in a classic and old-fashioned style , in the best sense , providing poignant and powerful teachable moments .
By the climax , which will tie your stomach in knots , Herman has turned Bruno into the innocent caught up in the nightmare and Jews into extras in his story .
Use -LSB- s -RSB- children stumbling into shamelessly manipulative tragedies to make its thuddingly obvious points .
By maintaining the perspective on a naive German boy and the conflicting emotions of his extended family , Herman 's film articulates the genocide of innocence with a devastating poetry .
Boy in the Striped Pajamas is morally defensible , but very hard to watch .
It 's an unnerving film with a knockout punch for an ending , but it feels more acceptable as an educational piece than a profoundly rewarding work of drama .
The premise does n't excuse lapses in logic , but the power of the story and the performances is indisputable .
The Boy in the Striped Pajamas is not only about Germany during the war , although the story it tells is heartbreaking in more than one way . It is about a value system that survives like a virus .
A tale older than Scripture and as today as war and genocide , this different Holocaust film contrasts love to hatred , good to evil , children to adults .
The Boy in the Striped Pajamas should be heartbreaking , but it is n't . The muted quality of its impact is the result of narrative shortcuts and a desire to keep the images from being too startling .
As a Holocaust-for-kids fable , The Boy in the Striped Pajamas is an appalling , jaw-dropping movie that will cause serious nightmares .
See it at all costs . It is both wonderful and devastating .
One of those films one has to admire for what it 's attempting , even if it does n't quite succeed in achieving it .
At once too historically removed from its subject and too hysterically committed .
In no way a fashion statement about sleepwear , but rather a solemnly imaginative political statement about the Germans asleep when it came to exactly what was going down during the Nazi regime . The Final Solution meets The Pied Piper .
disappoints in the end by settling for stereotypic shmaltz over substance
A striking entry into the library of Holocaust films : a fable about two boys literally on opposite sides of a fence . Has the most heartbreaking conclusion of any film this year .
A parabolic film about the Holocaust that does n't engage or edify .
The Boy In The Striped Pyjamas appears to be a little conflicted : it desperately wants the viewer to care about Bruno and Shmuel , yet the fact that this is a story not reality ... places it , and the viewer , at arm 's length .
The film 's 12A certificate is prohibitive for younger children - though with parental guidance kids as young as 10 might well get something from it - and yet the manner ... is simply too simplistic for an older audience .
This intriguing wartime tale has an otherworldly quality that draws us into a gentle and increasingly haunting story
In short , The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas is an impressively directed and acted drama that packs a powerful emotional punch . Recommended .
Only in the last 10 minutes does it get to grips with the full horror of the Holocaust , and that saves it from a Disneyish propensity not to shock us too much or impose a feelgood ending .
This child 's - eye perspective on the Holocaust constantly teeters on the brink of twee , yet a quiet menace pervades .
Writer-director Mark Herman has done a creditable job of negotiating its volatile compound of fable and realism .
The film 's flimsy fabric of historical reimagining - a death camp with no watchtower and an out-of-sight corner for illicit pow-wows and tunnel-digging - makes the notionally harrowing ending seem a smash-and-grab raid on our susceptibilities .
As a Butterfield 's lack of emotional range restricts his portrayal of Bruno but any shortcomings are forgotten when the heart-in-mouth ending left The Sneak rooted to his seat in stunned silence .
Ignore the plummy accents - which is n't easy - and what we have is a touching tale of a forbidden friendship with a really nice performance from the young Butterfield .
Despite the 12A certificate , I would regard this as most suitable for intelligent children aged ten to 12 , who will be more prepared than adults to ignore its major implausibility - that security at concentration camps was ever this inefficient .
There are plausibility issues - no German accents ; no guards noticing the kids ' frequent chats - but Herman builds a tightening sense of dread that finds no release in the final , tragic twist . Expect a sleepless night .
It 's a noble , sincere undertaking that will see many leave the cinema with fresh insights . You ca n't really ask for much more than that .
Moreover , the production lacks the personal touch that might allow this story to resonate as parable - it 's too conventionally classy and Miramaxed , with its swooping , prestige-picture camerawork and lachrymose score by the dread James Horner .
The acting is heartfelt , but the film carries a heaped cargo of conceits that has it wavering between the stark and the sentimental , the nuanced and the schematic .
John Boyne 's almost unfilmable novel about a young German kid 's - eye view of the Holocaust gets a solid , ultimately powerful translation to the bigscreen in Brit helmer Mark Herman 's The Boy in the Striped Pajamas .
Despite moments of improbable whimsy , this is a hugely affecting film . Important , too . It engages with the complexity of the Holocaust in a language that can move children as profoundly as adults .
A brave and haunting family film that will lift the brutality of the Holocaust out of the history books .
Ultimately , though , it 's the kids ' movie ; both Butterfield and Scanlon deliver strong , poignant performances . Just prepare to leave the screening feeling somewhat depressed .
A powerfully affecting and unusual view of the Holocaust .
Writer-director Herman handles a difficult topic with great sensitivity , drawing splendid performances from his young actors with David Thewlis and Vera Farmiga and the other grown-ups reliably efficient .
The harrowing final reel of the film earns its 12A rating


@highlight

A touching and haunting family film that deals with the Holocaust in an arresting and unusual manner , and packs a brutal final punch of a twist .