That air of gritty realism , shorn of typical slasher-flick misogynist titillation , makes the film often seem punishingly graphic-even though the worst of the torturing abuses Vicki and a predecessor suffer are actually left offscreen ...
A brutal cinematic experience ... Hounds of Love feels like a true-crime thriller -LRB- though it is entirely fictional -RRB- , carefully constructed with period details .
... a film that will leave you unsettled and will challenge your view on what it means to be a villain and what it means to be a victim ...
Australian writer/director Ben Young makes a strong debut with Hounds of Love ...
Vicki 's efforts to escape her harrowing circumstances place Hounds of Love firmly in the horror genre , but the real monsters here are the systemic abuses of patriarchy
Subtexts aside , Hounds of Love is also an expert exercise in suspense , taut as the wire of a Hills Hoist .
I guess I wish that Young , who clearly has skills , had tried his hand at something more thematically rewarding than a teen-ager 's torment at the hands of a murderous pervert and his cowed partner .
Hounds of Love is an absolutely brutal film done magnificently .
Genre fans should steel themselves for ickiness and heated post-screening debate .
I prefer horror movies to be at least a little bit unreal : I 'm not interested in a grim kitchen-sink drama with blood splattered around the plughole .
A terse , queasily effective thriller ...
It 's undeniably uncomfortable viewing in places , but there are few thrillers that pack as much of a punch or are as relentlessly traumatic as Hounds of Love .
Expertly made , and a must for horror film aficionados , Hounds of Love is a chance for everyone else to enjoy an utterly punishing night at the cinema , with acute stomach tension and mild stress-induced nausea .
Psychologically impressive and fiendishly involving .
You feel a little grubby just for watching it , let alone liking it . This is seriously good film-making , though - just not for the faint-hearted nor weak-stomached .
Bleak , tight and unusual . A strong start for Ben Young .
The lasting impression is a lot of talent has been squandered on a distasteful tale with little to say but a lot of leering .
Powerful performances help to make this the stuff of nightmares .
Writer-director Ben Young , announcing himself as a name to watch , has done his homework by researching a slew of cases and considering the psychology of his story very astutely .
Lurid , pointless thriller teases us with a teenaged girl 's sexual and mortal peril , creating awful suspense around her abuse . Her terror is your titillation .
Not for the faint hearted .
Writer-director Ben Young has made a very striking but self-conscious debut feature -- one in which the shooting style shifts from low key naturalism to extreme stylisation .
Young shuns gratuitous violence & gruelling exploitation to set Hounds of Love apart from lesser contemporary sub-genre efforts as well as grimier Giallo and Grindhouse flicks like Almost Human , House on the Edge of The Park and I Spit On Your Grave .
A ferocious debut , charged with depth and dread . Set alongside Snowtown as a must-watch you can barely watch .
Deliberately uncomfortable viewing , this is nevertheless a compelling exercise in gritty psycho-noir with outstanding performances and real dramatic weight . Director Ben Young is a name to watch .
An impressive , unnerving debut feature from director Ben Young .
With its harrowing peekaboo mayhem-Johnson turns the Whites ' house into a cunningly compartmentalized stage set-and its ruthless psychological manipulation , Hounds of Love is a relentless exercise in terror .
Once you 've seen Australian writer-director Ben Young 's impressive debut , it 's difficult to forget .
A splendid example of tense , throat-tightening horror , made all the more vivid because of its everyday setting ... the performances are searing .
If you can stomach its content , Hounds of Love is an undoubtedly effective work , an impressive calling card for a director sure to attract the eye of Hollywood .
Anther inspired and noble entry in Australian cinema 's rich ledger of suburban nightmares . In films like these , the villains wear thongs , and people get hurt while the sun brilliantly shines .
Abject terror , toxic self-loathing and malevolent misogyny are debut director Ben Young 's three main instruments in this nasty little chamber piece , inspired by real events .
A highly unsettling debut that heralds the emergence of a promising new Aussie filmmaking talent .
The brave actors are all superb . Curry , in particular , is a revelation : his sick , scrawny sadist is the most chilling screen killer since Hannibal Lecter .
A horror film hiding behind the blank facade of house in Perth 's suburbs , Hounds of Love is a nightmarishly tense study of the power that the corrupted both demand and receive .
The chillingly infectious Hounds of Love exudes fetid vibes that will force you to ruminate on the darkest side of the human nature .
Hounds of Love takes you to hell for two hours . No one could be blamed for wanting to be anywhere else .
Brace yourselves , for Hounds of Love is the most terrifying torture porn film since the genre 's inception .
Once this thing starts bouncing around your brain , good luck getting it out .
While Hounds Of Love is certainly an acquired taste , it 's also a rare film that will ruminate and still terrify you days after you 've seen it .
Hounds of Love is an intelligent piece of grounded horror , and an outstanding debut film .
The snail 's - pace horizontal pans , under-the-flight-path score , and other arthouse affectations had collided with the overall unlikeability of the major characters violently enough to make me consider jumping ship .
Women are held prisoner and other women must free them . And sometimes , it 's impossible to watch .
It 's a rough film , but an insightful one that offers a glimpse into the abyss not soon forgotten .
Among the fine cast , Booth stands out as the confused , on-edge Evelyn .
Young is more interested in the abused than the abuser , and the result is an ambitious , tough-to-swallow drama fuelled by fearless performances and extraordinary empathy .
What is it about Australian filmmakers and down-and-dirty , no-holds-barred crime dramas ? Let 's not figure out why they 're so good at them and simply enjoy .
Hounds of Love is a sinister , psychologically screwy thriller that stands on its own merits , radiating a dreamy , deviant vision of female subjugation , and empowerment .
Ben Young 's abduction horror says more by showing less .
An ugly film whose ambitions are never matched by its creators ' limited abilities .
This movie grabs you by the throat and squeezes .
The central performances are riveting ... but the torture Young depicts , even only if it 's suggestive rather than blatant , can be difficult to digest over the course of almost two long hours .
In his feature debut , Australian writer/director Ben Young takes a simple and deeply unpleasant torture-porn narrative -- a young woman is abducted by a monstrous suburban couple -- and treats it like high art . It very nearly works .
What makes the torment worth enduring is the trio of ferocious performances at its center , bare and ugly and unvarnished .
Hounds of Love is so quietly engrossing and flatly terrifying , it may inspire you to read up on some of the tragic events that inspired the film . I know I did .
The kidnappers are Emma Booth and comic actor Stephen Curry , playing his part terrifyingly straight .
It 's a tense , sharply assembled debut feature from Ben Young . Its main problem , though , is that it never answers a basic question : Why are we watching this ?
Tension escalates in this spare Australian thriller .
Hounds may be predictable in plot , but it succeeds in making a psychological web of this troubled threesome .
Hounds is meticulously shot and edited , and its three lead performances elevate it to something not easily forgotten .
-LSB- A -RSB- terrific exercise in close-quarters , psychological tension .
Hounds Of Love is a remarkable achievement in that it does exactly what it sets out to do , and what it sets out to do is traumatize the hell out of you . You just might not want to watch it twice .
Dan Luscombe 's music and Michael McDermott 's freeze-frame tracking cinematography are both chillingly effective .
Australia has given us some impressive horror films over the years . More recently , The Loved Ones and Snowtown have made a real impact on the genre . Now , Ben Young 's hard-hitting Hounds of Love can be added to the list .
Disturbing and jarring ... but masterfully directed and acted .
Hounds of Love builds to a crescendo that earns its emotional catharsis while staying true to its roots as a truly chilling and intense thriller .
Devastating Australian horror thriller takes an unflinching look at a very sick relationship .
Young 's feature debut is a marvel of construction , both narratively and visually ...
Ben Young 's directorial debut is a shockingly well-executed abduction thriller .
Each of the performances are solid , including Susie Porter who plays Vicki 's mother . But it is Booth who steals the movie . As seductive as she is cripplingly anxious , she is absolutely mesmerizing to watch .
It walks a fine line between entertaining thriller and psychological drama , but it succeeds at merging the two into a darkly memorable feature .
Ben Young 's feature debut is a beautifully shot , superbly acted psychological thriller with more on its mind than its subject matter would suggest .
Hounds of Love , the bold debut feature of Australian filmmaker Ben Young , follows in the footsteps of compatriot Justin Kurzel 's own viscerally disturbing urban nightmare debut , Snowtown .
Hounds of Love is a fiercely powerful film that will hit viewers with blunt force trauma and play manipulative torment on their emotions .
Hounds of Love is a terrifying edge-of-your-seat thriller ... -LRB- with -RRB- a barbed psychological thread that pulls from such ripped-from-the-headlines horror a radiant string of hope and love .
Writer/director Young smartly focuses his efforts on the emotional destruction at play throughout Hounds of Love , making his film a standout amongst many of its peers that are more interested in pushing the boundaries of violence .
Hounds Of Love is as good a serial horror scenario that you 'll find in any true-crime catalog .
Hounds of Love is , on the whole , an impressive debut , and a worthy addition to the canon of Aussie horror .
Hounds of Love is that rarest of cinematic beasts : a directorial debut that 's not only tonally flawless but also manages to radically reimagine an entire genre .
` Hounds of Love ' is a Tense Abduction Story From a New Perspective
If the title evokes Kate Bush 's LP Hounds of Love ... , then the film also concerns three differently trapped women who , like the heroine of that album 's conceptual second side , are all struggling to keep their head above water .
There 's no denying the level of craft and performance involved that probes human depravity so compellingly .
Writer/director Ben Young parlays his gripping peek at the perils waiting behind closed doors into more than just another crime-oriented effort .
Hounds of Love benefits from impressive control of visuals to build suspense and from the spiky performances of its fearless cast , flagging Young as a talent to watch .
It 's not the seamy salaciousness of the plot that is the most impressive thing about Hounds of Love - more it is a demonstration of Young 's precise understanding of the mechanics of tension-based storytelling .
This Australian chiller about a rash of grisly murders makes a play to be the new Snowtown .
Australian director Ben Young 's debut offers a bold new spin on the serial-killer genre .

@highlight

Smartly constructed and powerfully acted , Hounds of Love satisfies as a psychological thriller with a few nasty surprises -- and marks writer-director Ben Young as a promising talent .