-LSB- A -RSB- revelatory new documentary about hunger in the United States .
An informative and often infuriating picture that deserves to be seen .
Tale of two Americas documentary highlights the plight of the 50 million poor folks who go to sleep hungry every night .
The saddest story belongs to a single mother who got a full time job and is now off welfare , but ca n't afford to feed her children on her salary . This is one of those movies that will make you mad , or at least it should .
The pic might lack style to keep it exciting , but its public service message hits on a vital issue that should concern all Americans .
presents us with the counter-intuitive idea that while Americans may be among the world 's most obese people ... there is a surprisingly large segment of our population - nearly 50 million people - who are `` food insecure ''
A must-see dispatch from the front lines of this struggle packed with sobering statistics and infuriating facts - among them , that one in four American children is chronically hungry .
A smart , poignantly argued documentary -LSB- which -RSB- casts obesity and hunger as neighbors , and makes a persuasive case for important social investments .
Enlightening documentary that , hopefully , propels people to take action .
Filmmakers Kristi Jacobson and Lori Silverbush chip away at the topic until their message becomes unassailable .
Hunger in America is not about a shortage of food but an abundance of poverty . This is where the spiral spins downward .
A shocking indictment of how people are starving in the land of plenty ...
It does n't offer much in terms of optimism , but provides an eye-opening glimpse into a frequently overlooked social issue .
Jacboson and Silverbush know how to make this potentially unpleasant news palatable and inspiring .
You do n't have to be a fan of info-graphics in social-justice docs to be troubled by one showing that the price of processed food has decreased in almost exact proportion to the rise in cost of fresh fruits and vegetables .
`` A Place at the Table '' presents a shameful truth that should leave viewers dismayed and angry : This nation has more than enough food for all its people , yet millions of them are hungry .
Food for thought .
A documentary about the shocking extent of hunger in America , affecting 1 in 4 children .
Provides plenty of moving case studies ... -LSB- but -RSB- it 's most useful for its prismatic look at the problem of American hunger , examining the problem 's recent history , its root causes ... and its inextricability from other national crises ...
Hunger in America , seen through the eyes of its victims , with an emphasis on children . Sobering documentary addresses a shameful problem .
As moving as the real lives are , for a film clearly intending to be a call for action , hunger cries out for more journalism and not just depressing stories and statistics .
A Place at the Table makes a strong case that hunger for one is a problem for all .
One thing is clear from `` A Place at the Table '' : You can not answer the question `` Why are people hungry ? , '' without also asking `` Why are people poor ? ''
Directors Kristi Jacobson and Lori Silverbush explore the surprisingly difficult obstacles to ending a situation where about 1 child out of 4 faces insecurity over where to get a meal .
A Place at the Table may bring to light a hunger epidemic the entire United States faces , but it also casts an even darker shadow on an already tainted world .
Powerful docu explores the problem of hunger in America .
An explosive investigative documentary about the injustices emanating from agricultural capitalism , how it 's more about who gets to define what food is , and exactly who hugely profits from it .
... joined by an eclectic array of advocates and advisors to hit home the fact that , daily , millions of Americans go hungry .
Fine but conventional documentary on the problem of hunger in contemporary America .
It specifically addresses our country 's hunger crisis . But it also speaks to larger hungers . Hungers for independence , a dignified life , a better chance for ones children-in short , the American dream . See it and weep .
As rich as we are as a nation - still - many of our citizens are , at best , malnourished . One in six says they regularly do n't have enough to eat .
It deserves to be seen , along with `` Food , Inc. , '' `` King Corn '' and other muckraking food docs of recent years .
A Place at the Table is advocacy journalism at its best , lining up its facts , illustrating the widespread problem with a few trenchant and compelling cases , and offering solutions .
A Moving Look at Hunger in the U.S.
`` A Place at the Table , '' a cri de coeur against hunger in America and governmental indifference , has only grown in relevance since its 2012 debut at Sundance .
The filmmakers vividly illustrate the power and depth of the long-spiraling problem of `` food insecurity '' by immersing us in the hardscrabble lives of a cross section of our nation 's poor .
Revealing little that a moderately informed viewer will not already know , the film shies away from the outrage and bare-knuckle journalism that this shameful topic deserves .
In addition to the dismaying facts and figures is a fuller sense of what hunger can look like , and feel like , among the millions of Americans classified as `` food-insecure '' ...
So many of the words spoken in Kristi Jacobson and Lori Silverbush 's moving documentary about hunger in the U.S. , `` A Place at the Table , '' will haunt you long after the film is over .
A well-reported and devastating look at hunger in rural America .
Jacobson and Silverbush invite interest with their regionalized looks at the circumstances of some very engaging individuals .
Tthe strongest point made by the film is that hunger is a problem endemic to our social system , and it 's a problem that will not be served up in a soup line , one meal at a time .
It is the food-chain equivalent of the Trail of Tears .
As important and eye-opening a documentary as you 'll see this year , `` A Place at the Table '' makes it impossible to think of hunger as merely another symptom of a shredded social safety net .
A tighter focus , or even just a voiceover narration , might have helped .
Directors Kristi Jacobson and Lori Silverbush wo n't blow you away with their filmmaking , but by focusing on people grappling with hunger right now , they make their message stick .
Their stories are wrenching and provide a functional framework for the directors to make some important points about hunger in America .
Directors Kristi Jacobson and Lori Silverbush cover a lot of ground in their heartbreaking documentary examining the hunger experienced by nearly 50 million Americans , but at less than 90 minutes , it feels a bit overstuffed .
A graceless info-dump bracketed by interviews with activists and a handful of personal stories from suffering families around the country .
A good documentary that is good for you .
Filmmakers Kristi Jacobson and Lori Silverbush tackle a complex and seemingly intractable problem with every weapon at a skilled documentarian 's disposal .
Moving and sad as an activist effort toward awareness .
Through their stories , Jacobson and Silverbush lens a broader picture of rampant hunger in a country that actually produces astounding amounts of food .
As an info dump , Table is admirably efficient , addressing everything from obesity to the limits of charity . As a film , it 's less compelling ...
Does a good job relaying the facts and why it 's become so difficult to overcome the problems but also an incredibly emotional film .
A film that should make you furious . It raises serious issues about our commitment to helping the least fortunate of our citizens .
America 's Evil Twins , hunger and obesity , connected and humanized in one vivid documentary .
More difficult to convey are the web of moral and political issues that surround the hunger crisis , and A Place at the Table proves its worth most by how it treats this wider set of problems .
Not much knew if you 've been following the news on a regular basis , but the doc punctuates the serious problem , finding hunger in the midst of plenty .
The film explains with devastating simplicity why so many go hungry in a country with more than enough food to go round .
Impassioned doc examines the reemergence of widespread hunger in U.S.
Finding North is a useful , engaging and enraging movie that will enlist supporters for its cause .

@highlight

A Place at the Table is a well-reported documentary that raises important questions about the state of hunger in America culture .