Faris 's prodigious comic gifts can only go so far with a one-note premise .
A limp , unfunny time-waster .
Anna Faris receives a well-deserved spotlight role , and her funniest character to date , in director Gregg Araki 's stoner comedy Smiley Face .
Smiley Face semble avoir été écrit en quatrième vitesse sur un coin de table par un étudiant passant le plus clair de son temps caché à fumer autre chose que des cigarettes
This stoner romp is great farcical fun , even if it never seems to get anywhere .
Anna Faris is radiantly daft ; she keeps the movie going all by herself .
... there 's simply no overlooking the pervading vibe of silliness .
Despite its laid-back script , Smiley Face is as prankishly political as Mr. Araki 's Doom Generation ...
Dylan Haggerty has written an eleventh-hour candidate for the funniest movie of 2007 , that Gregg Araki has directed his finest film since 1997 's Nowhere , and that Faris , flawless , rocks their inspired idiot odyssey in a virtuoso comedic turn .
Maybe this is funny if you 're actually stoned . When taken sober , not so much .
Working from a script by TV actor Dylan Haggerty , -LSB- director -RSB- Araki manages to capture what he 's been trying to say all along about the lives of the stoned and indifferent with the kind of effortlessness those earlier attempts sorely lacked .
It 's a fittingly loose , shambling little nothing of a comedy that 's occasionally inspired , but at least a draft or two short of its potential . Still , it 's a pleasure to watch Faris wander slack-jawed through a surreal day in Los Angeles .
One shudders to think what Smiley Face might have been with someone like Paris Hilton in the role . But Faris has this character -- a bright , sweet college graduate with a temporarily incapacitated brain -- down perfect .
Anna Faris is alternately hilarious and annoying in this stoner comedy .
This is a full-force , all-purpose performance by Faris with the kind of grace that would get winks from the likes of silent screen greats .
Smiley Face belongs to Faris , an actress who is some kind of treasure .
Faris gamely goes Garbo and Lombard one better , taking her cute little firecracker looks and being willing to go full-out to appear appropriately , hilariously awful when the story calls for it .
Make no mistake : Smiley Face , true to its title , is a silly movie , but not one that 's stuck in hammy predictability .
Araki 's latest is surprisingly mellow in its examination of ganja-fueled apathy .
Basically a sketch padded out to feature length , the film constantly hovers on the edge between amiable and annoying .
A tedious , empty-headed stoner film focusing on a female pothead , who 's limited to one facial expression and lines such as `` I 'm totally vibing on you , dude , '' has arrived just in time to greet the New Year . Santa must have thought we were very , very bad .
A fast-moving , surprisingly varied take on a pretty standard concept : It 's basically Martin Scorsese 's After Hours Lite , as told by Cheech and Chong .
An unabashed valentine to Anna Faris , an opportunity for the actress to show that she can carry a movie composed of often hilarious nonstop misadventures .
With a madcap script by Dylan Haggerty and a bubbly and inventive performance from Anna Faris , as well as a succinct running time , Smiley Face manages to sustain itself , and only the hard-hearted and humorless would feel that it overstays its welcome .
amusingly off-kilter
It 's , at best , half-baked .
It 's a blast .
Viewers who like outrageous midnight movies will be disappointed by this mildly amusing trifle .
The storyline is slight and the film succeeds only because of Faris 's performance .
A pure , mostly dumb comedy , it 's the tale of one impossibly out-of-it girl , Anna Faris ' Jane F. , who spends her day stumbling from mishap to mishap in an effort to avoid her drug dealer 's wrath .
The jokes have been done before and better . It 's incredibly tedious .
A decent diversion for those who are into comedies that are different than your standard fare . The visuals are great , the comedy is new and refreshing .
In Faris , pic has a comedienne with the ability to wring endless variations on a limited theme -LRB- the ` I 'm - so-baked ' one -RRB- and she pretty much single-handedly compensates for anything lacking .
Gregg Araki 's latest foray into the slacker underbelly of suburban L.A. , Smiley Face , has a wonderful performance by Anna Faris and one of the all-time great stoner monologues in movie history .


@highlight

Although many of the jokes have been done before , Anna Faris 's bright performance and Gregg Araki 's sharp direction make Smiley Face more than your average stoner comedy .