Newcomer Jamal Woolard is a natural as the mammoth rapper , easily adopting Biggie 's cheeky swagger and rasping speech ... -LSB- But -RSB- the story suffers as it tries to capture every last moment of the rapper 's life .
This film knows the lyrics , but not the music .
Absent the actual music , Notorious would be a lot worse .
Though it never quite devolves into pure hagiography , the film 's central tale of crack dealer made good is sometimes a little too hokey for its own good .
Notorious is a tribute the rapper 's contribution to pop culture .
You 've heard of laundering money ? Well , this film biography of rapper Notorious B.I.G. has all the earmarks of -- not monetary but morality cleansing .
While it 's now less a case of race than class in black film , Notorious seems to still be taking tabloid cues more from alien ghetto underclass drama and what 's come before , rather than bringing new and improved insight to the table beyond the cool music .
-LSB- An -RSB- intermittently entertaining but thoroughly conventional Biggie biopic .
What might have been an African-American gangland epic with a killer soundtrack treads safely as a run-of-the-mill biopic .
Notorious is a pretty standard biopic , and is probably largely compromised . If you 've never seen Nick Broomfield 's excellent 2002 doco Biggie And Tupac , you 'd be better served hunting that down instead .
While the script provides ample illustrations of Wallace 's tough life , there is not enough focus on what set the recording star apart from his peers or why he became so incredibly popular so quickly .
There is little here to attract anyone but the core fan-base .
A big , bad bundle of biopic cliches , a glitzy whitewash filled with wince-inducing dialogue and propelled by a smug , from-beyond-the-grave voiceover .
Like Violet Kray producing a film about her twin sons . The movie does n't ignore its subject 's shortcomings , but it sentimentalises them and becomes increasingly incoherent as it proceeds .
The inclusion of real-life footage and re-enacted YouTube clips is an interesting idea , but with each awkward stab at a new shooting style , Tillman Jr moves closer towards disgracing his subject with yet another hack job .
A swaggering delve into the life of the biggest of all rappers .
It is n't the most subtle movie , with characters constantly spelling out the big message - in order to change the world , you first have to change yourself .
A hagiographical whitewash .
For his legions of fans there 's nothing new to discover about their flawed , but musically gifted , hero in a movie that , for them at least , will only serve to add to his legend .
Now in blows the myth of the myth : a brashly entertaining biopic .
This team have smoothed over the details of Biggie 's rags-to-riches ascent , they have n't succeeded in making it terribly interesting .
This film by George Tillman Jr is less about the street politics and more about the slushy soap opera going on at home .
This is Hollywood hagiography at its most patronising and preposterous - a product , as well as a celebration , of a diseased , materialistic culture .
Fans of Biggie will find a thrill in watching Jamal Woolard bring him back to life after death .
The boasts get louder , the bling shinier , but the film itself just gets increasingly monotonous .
This glossy bioflick of late hip hop legend Christopher ` The Notorious BIG ' Wallace - aka Biggie Smalls , or ` Chrissy-poo ' to his momma - is unlikely to trouble the Academy .
A hip hop hagiography that plays like a straight-to-TV movie .
As mainstream hip hop becomes ever more predictable , so do the biopics about its stars .
Notorious is undeniably entertaining and Woolard 's excellent , but ultimately the film buys a little too much into hip hop 's frequent misogyny and Wallace 's enforced sainthood .
This is an MTV-friendly , slick and styled production that tells one version of a very murky story and does it with plenty of energy but little imagination .
It 's ultimately a generic music biopic .
Notorious plays even more conventional than Eminem 's 8 Mile or 50 Cent 's Get Rich or Die Tryin ' , with its TV movie predictability -LRB- rueful voiceover and all -RRB- taking the gangsta out of gangsta rap .
Shooting shy of scandal , Notorious turns the life of Biggie Smalls into an off-the-peg cautionary yarn . Aside from Woolard 's larger-the-life lead turn , it 's strictly B.I.G. for beginners .
It 's a dim , poorly executed , eccentrically cast film and you 'd be better off seeking out Nick Broomfield 's 2002 documentary Biggie and Tupac .
A fitfully fascinating rise-and-demise yarn that will probably leave hip-hop fans underwhelmed while also alienating middlebrow audiences hoping for an inspirational night out .
Although guilty of assuming too much pre-knowledge on the viewer 's part , it 's a solid rap opus that snarls down Eminem 's 8 Mile with heavyweight confidence .
Before giving in to sentiment , the film struggles to make us like this talented man who never quite grew up .
It 's bang-average biopic fodder but fans will enjoy the attention to detail and hearing Biggie tracks on a cinema soundsystem .
A watchable , if admittedly one-sided , biopic with a handful of strong performances , though it rarely scratches the surface of its subject and wears out its welcome long before the end .
Jamal Woolard is an inspired piece of casting in the title role , not disguising sweetness behind the macho and arrogant gangsta facade .
the first drama about a hip-hop star 's personal and professional life , rather than the culture itself , and it is worthwhile .
Even though it brings little that 's new or innovative to the table , `` Notorious '' is a must for anyone even moderately interested in the history of hip-hop in the 1990s .
Notorious manages to convey what made both `` Biggie '' and Christopher Wallace so memorable , in the process introducing the man and his music to a whole new generation of fans .
It 's always interesting to watch real life unfold .
Failing to find a message to champion , this shiny , polished biopic glosses over many of the warts which continue to tarnish the accomplished rapper 's legacy .
Notorious is a well-made , compelling , and ultimately humane film , even if you do n't like rap music .
Even if we miss the thinking that went into the creation of Wallace 's B.I.G.-ger-than-life alter ego , the movie 's performances are exultant .
I never bought into the chase-your-dream theme . The dream that Biggie sought was not anything that Martin Luther King would have taken pride in .
The movie leaves us with the sense that , twelve years after Biggie Smalls 's death , a lot of people are trying to extract whatever profit or pride they can from the chaotic life of a young man who was , as he well knew , a work in progress .
If Milk set the standard for biopics in 2008 , then 2009 is off to a strong start with Notorious .
For a hardcore fan of his music and his life , it rings true .
Biggie lived a HUGE life in only 24 years , but this film has two hours and never sells me . Is n't selling what Sean ` Puffy ' Combs is supposed to be an expert at ?
A relentlessly-unapologetic immorality play about a bona fide ghetto gangsta ' apt to entertain even Joe Six-Pack to the extent Middle America is inclined to buy into the Hip-Hop Generation 's mantra , ` Do n't hate the playa , hate the game . '
-LSB- Director -RSB- George Tillman Jr. and the two unknown film writers ... are burying you in minutiae and putting way too much of a positive spin on the life of a common thug .
A mostly laudatory account of a young musician 's life and career that is calculated to put Wallace in a positive light .
I kind of expect a puff piece with Sean Combs as the producer ... pun intended .
Gritty , affecting rapper biopic is too intense for kids .
Notorious sticks pretty well to the actual events of Biggie 's life , at least the famous ones , but it has little to say about the man that 's not available on his Wikipedia entry .
Notorious is like a piece of well-crafted bling . It looks good , and facets of it shine , but behind the gilded facade there 's not much there .
This tale of triumph and tragedy within hip hop 's elite is intelligent , gripping and far less sensationalistic than anyone could have expected .
When it comes to the outsized character at its center , Notorious is the rich , complicated and affectionate tribute he deserves .
The best thing about Notorious is its across-the-board , excellent cast , especially the soulful Woolard and Mackie 's mesmerizing work as the complex Shakur .
Lacks the irresistible bump of Biggie 's music and the flow of his rhymes ; unlike Wallace , the filmmakers do n't create anything fresh from the elements ` sampled ' from the art -LRB- in this case , musical movie biographies -RRB- of the past ...
For anyone looking for something as real or engaging as Biggie 's music -- or a good introduction to it -- will be disappointed by this mediocre celluloid life-after-death .
It must have been an act of great restraint for Sean Combs to resist titling this film , about Chris Wallace , his close friend turned rapper and cultural icon , The Notorious B.I.G. -- The Sean Combs Story .
Notorious is surprisingly and pleasantly unflashy , a straightforward picture that makes a distinction between classiness and bling .
The film might have been just another middling musical biopic had the lead role not been so perfectly cast .
No fire in this tale about one of rap music 's most notorious shooting stars .
George Tillman Jr. 's film may follow the well-worn path of many a musical biography . But spot-on casting , a light touch around the edges and affection for its subject makes this warts-and-all look at the big man with the big hits a winner .
There 's no sense of reality , no feel of the streets , none of the raw zest and spark that spilled out of Biggie 's music . This is the type of biopic Hollywood made in the '40s about people like Johann Strauss or Cole Porter : phony to its bones .
The script lets too much slide , and director George Tillman Jr. -- whose biggest films have been Soul Food and the Barbershop franchise -- abets it .
The film takes a greatest-hits approach to its subject 's life story , condensing his rise to fame , fall from grace and steps towards redemption into an easily digestible narrative that entertains , but rarely enlightens .
Closer to Scorsese than Scarface , Notorious gives a heartfelt yet clear-eyed sendoff to the late Brooklyn rapper Christopher Wallace , aka Biggie Smalls aka the Notorious B.I.G.
It 's unlikely there will be a better dramatization of the Biggie Smalls story than this one .
Notorious obviously loves its protagonist , but the movie ca n't get past its own starstruck awe .
Notorious has a fine time along the way , with Woolard channeling the rapper 's sweetness and wit as comfortably as his pathos .
Notorious is hagiography with guns , grass and flesh , but it 's a kind of whitewash all the same .
Notorious is slightly better than the average hip-hop biopic -LRB- 50 Cent 's Get Rich or Die Tryin ' among them -RRB- . But the Great American Hip-Hop Film is still out there somewhere , waiting to be told .
The performances and the passion fueling this film are astounding .
A vivid biopic of the larger-than-life rap star that does n't require you be a big fan of the genre .
This flick smoothes out the roughest edges , drains off the rawness and blandly retraces the narrative arc of every musical biopic since The Jazz Singer .
Notorious is a game of dress-up , the Greatest Hits version of Biggie 's life . But in the end , it fails to present a convincing argument of why we should care .
Notorious , directed by George Tillman Jr. with a sentimental touch , seems torn .
This engrossing biopic , throbbing with style and attitude , will likely add to his legend .
If you give this fictionalized film biography a try , you may find yourself caught up in his troubled and complicated rise to prominence -- like me .
An enjoyably ridiculous entertainment about a pursy young man with mysterious sex appeal who turns the rap world on its ear .
-LSB- Director Tillman has -RSB- imbued Biggie 's story with emotions that bring home the full arc of a tumultuous , complicated life . That 's why you do n't have to love hip-hop to be glad you 've seen Notorious .
As presented by the filmmakers , Wallace was a jumble of contradictions which they do nothing to explain .
-LSB- G -RSB- ives new depth of meaning to the word hagiography ...
A hagiography of the late hip-hop star Christopher Wallace a.k.a. . The Notorious B.I.G. , this overlong biopic glosses over so much detail and avoids the real man so much , it 's a fan-magazine profile gone B.I.G.-screen .
Although one may question how objective it is , considering it 's produced by Wallace 's mother and Sean `` P. Diddy '' Combs , ` Notorious ' is explosive , fun and entertaining .
I can honestly see people hating this film but for fans of Biggie 's music like myself , the film is a great memorial to one of the best rappers ever .
Parental Content Review
Anyone looking for a dispassionate , evenhanded account of the life of Biggie Smalls will be disappointed , perhaps even dismayed , by Notorious .
The film 's unhurried , uncompressed feel yields many juicy moments worth savoring .
This is a disappointingly conventional film that offers up all the key moments of B.I.G 's life and a lot of his music but which fails at making the case for the ultimate importance of either one .
Notorious does n't quite convey how hip-hop felt in the '90s ... -LRB- but -RRB- it manages to put a few new scratches and stutters into the beats and breaks of the conventional pop-star movie .
An evocative recreation of a decade-past -LRB- ! -RRB- time in music whose creative , cultural , and social influences continue to resonate in the landscape today .
If Notorious was meant to play as tragedy , it misses that mark by leaps and bounds . It 's difficult to weep for a person who lived the years he was given as a rotten , big-headed soul with few , if any , redeeming qualities .
We may never find out who killed Tupac and Biggie , but whoever made this movie could be guilty of assassinating their memories and character
This movie will inevitably come up short when compared to documentaries like the one about the similarly brief life of the far more prolific rapper Tupac Shakur .
A reasonably well-crafted drama made with some skill and a lot of tenacity .
ignores what Biggie was , a great artist who believed in the power of storytelling , and transforms him into the flawed saint that he never was and , more importantly , never wanted to be
It 's as if the filmmakers did n't trust Woolard to carry the emotional weight of Wallace 's story . They should have .
The film 's Achilles ' heel proves to be this sense of survivor 's guilt that 's too often M.I.A.
Director George Tillman Jr. coaxes a nuanced performance from newcomer Woolard , who not only nails the rapper 's inflections but also humanizes the bad boy with passion , pain and charisma .
Feels like Biggie 's Wikipedia page reformatted for the big screen .
A great rapper deserves a great biopic , but B.I.G. fans will have to settle for this merely passable one .
Notorious wo n't ever be mistaken for investigative journalism , but it will help solidify Wallace 's legacy as a hip-hop innovator while also explaining it all to those who were unaware and providing a sentimental re-creation for the legions of fans .
There is an unexpected moral dimension in Notorious , which skims the basics of B.I.G. 's well-chronicled career as a rapper , while concentrating on his less-celebrated maturation as father and husband .
Notorious is an efficient biopic , and a celebratory exercise in nostalgia for hip-hop fans of a certain age .
Even when this ` authorized ' movie biography makes you long for the ` explicit ' version , Woolard 's tour de force finds the human details that forged an artist and lets Biggie fly .
Turns Biggie Smalls into an unpleasant , thoughtless caretaker of urban hopes and dreams , encased within a film that seeks to dust off a profitable legend instead of challenging a controversial legacy .
What really saves Notorious are the performances of rapper Jamal Woolard , who captures some of The Notorious B.I.G. 's playful charm , and newcomer Naturi Naughton , who dazzles early on as the fiery Lil ' Kim .
The rare music biopic that leaves you not just humming the songs but thinking about life and death , the strategy of fame , and the business of the business .
Notorious is a good film in many ways , but its best achievement is the casting of Jamal Woolard , a rapper named Gravy , in the title role .
There 's something restrictive and reductive about the format of showbiz biopics that this film , despite great music and unique tale of the slain raper , does n't fully escape .
If there 's a guide book on how to create a standard rags-to-riches music biopic , the makers of Notorious must have memorized every page .
The best way to remember Biggie Smalls is to listen to `` Juicy '' or `` Things Done Changed '' or any of the virtuosic autobiographical raps in which Christopher Wallace paints his own world with more immediacy and wit than Notorious ever manages to muster .
Biggie is played well by newcomer Jamal Woolard , who not only looks the part but has the moves of a slick street rapper down .
What 's most annoying about Notorious is that whatever bad thing that Biggie ever does gets paved over by the end of the film .
In the first surprise of this short year , this little movie about a big rapper is a worthy testament to the man who would be B.I.G , and the first truly good Hip Hop biopic .
Notorious is a luridly unapologetic trip through the violence , hunger , verbal bravado , and money fever of the hip-hop world , which it views as both liberating and destructive -LRB- often for the same reasons -RRB- .
Kicks off with the usual rapper braggadocio of a childhood on the cutthroat street corners , then slyly cuts to a chubby A-student nerd known as `` Chrissy-poo '' to mom Voletta .
The untold side of the story haunts the frames of this standard-issue biopic .
A sanitized treatment that embraces every cliche of musical biography without shedding much real light on its subject .
Notorious delivers nothing but clumsy filmmaking and a greatest-hits checklist , without offering insight into the man or his myth . If you do n't know now ... you still wo n't know .
Notorious is merely pop product .
Notorious , a biography of the rapper Notorious B.I.G. , transcends gangster-flick cliches because of the outsized talents of the artist and the actor who portrays him .
Just buy the records ; that 's the point of this infomercial anyhow .
Woolard , making his acting debut , delivers an exceptional performance . If his countenance is a bit different , the manner in which he carries his size is spot-on , and he nails Biggie 's vocal intonations .
It has terrific performances , a powerful soundtrack and eye-catching visuals .
A rock-solid biopic with a foolproof rise-and-fall storyline and a warmly nuanced performance by Jamal Woolard as iconic rapper Christopher Wallace .
If there 's something praiseworthy about Notorious , it 's that it pulls off the remarkable , ignominious feat of making its deceased subject less likeable than one remembers .
Watching Notorious was like attending a 10-year high-school reunion and reliving the good old days when the future seemed so bright .









@highlight

A biopic that lacks the luster of its subject , Notorious is generic rise-and-fall fare that still functions as a primer for those less familiar with the work and life of the hip hop icon .