Kent knows what she 's doing - possessed parents , sinister children and haunted homes - this is the stuff sleepless nights are made of .
Jagged thrusts of dark humour pepper the scary stuff and will appeal to any less-than-perfect mother who has ` lost it ' in the heat of the moment .
Its portrait of maternal exhaustion is intense and disturbing .
Nestled deep within this teeny Australian thriller packs a simple yet profound message about what it often feels like to be a single parent , and even what it feels like to be the child of that parent .
The filmmaker understands that things barely glimpsed are infinitely more terrifying than the monster in full view .
The Babadook is very rich , and while it pulls on a number of other resources , it delivers its own unique aesthetic and storyline .
It 's become increasingly rare for horror films to make an effort to truly scare us these days , but Jennifer Kent 's ` The Babadook ' gets under the skin in ways that are both visceral and highly emotional .
The Babadook 's villains and victims are still running amok in my brain . I think they might be there for some time .
While short on terror this is a brilliantly acted and powerful film about a mother facing her demons .
For her first feature , Australian actress-turned-filmmaker Jennifer Kent creates a startlingly effective horror movie by combining serious scariness with some darkly evocative emotion .
There are legitimate terrors here -- legitimate because , as any bleary-eyed parent will verify , they come from a real and terrible place . And for those who do enjoy at least some defiance of natural laws , The Babadook has that too .
What 's most terrifying about The Babadook is that Kent grounds a bizarre supernatural premise in very real feelings of anxiety and depression .
Tell yourself it 's only a story by all means , but you 're still going to have to kiss the kids goodnight and then switch off the reading light .
It 's brilliantly acted , beautifully shot , has loads of tension and announces newcomer Jennifer Kent as a writer-director of real class and depth .
It 's as likely to thrill more casual horror audiences as it is to satisfy long-time aficionados of the genre . Given the time of year , I could n't recommend it more .
Where the film truly excels though is in its sound design . The Babadook is truly a film to see in a well equipped cinema .
Rest assured , Jennifer Kent 's debut more than lives up to the hype .
I ca n't think of a movie since Rosemary 's Baby which acknowledges the unspoken fears of motherhood with such humor , horror , and compassion .
It 's amazing what Kent manages to squeeze out of some of the most worn horror tropes in the book -LRB- in this case the literal book -RRB- .
It 's an incredibly well made horror film , and Kent is superb at getting under the audience 's skin .
For all its otherworldly flourishes , it confirms that the most terrifying monsters are remarkably local -- domestic , even .
The Babadook is the best horror movie I 've seen in some time , because it works on all those emotional and psychological levels in addition to succeeding as a straight genre outing .
It would be easy to call this a thinking person 's horror film , but that would be to deny its many deliciously visceral moments of flesh-crawling terror .
Davis gives one of the best performances you will see this , or in any other , year .
Writer/director Jennifer Kent has crafted a masterfully scary movie that relies on sound design and a claustrophobic atmosphere to build tension to nearly unbearable heights .
The style of the film is not teasing exactly -- it 's too sad and lonely -- but there is certainly a hair-pulling mixture of glum laughter and vast apprehension . Is the demon real ? Does it matter ?
The Babadook and his escalating presence in this exacerbated single-parent family are very scary indeed , however metaphorical they may be .
It 's an intriguing and welcome change from the hellish Hollywood formulas . Where was this Down-Under boogeyman a month ago , when we needed him , for Halloween ?
While it 's not exactly fun , it 's deeply meaningful , which I guess is the whole point of art anyways -LRB- ? -RRB- .
Jennifer Kent 's debut is an assured chiller that successfully piles on the dread , thanks to great casting and the creepy-as-all-hell character of the title .
A deftly inventive and psychologically charged horror story that trades on the ways in which the prospect of maternal failure can be just as fearsome a boogeyman as any monster under the bed .
Cheap scares are refreshingly absent ... It turns out they 're not needed when you can drop temperatures effectively by way of precision ratchet clicks in tension , excellent sound design and chilling allegorical nods to the monsters within .
A considerate , weird , lingering psychological horror , The Babadook is a must-watch this Halloween .
The Babadook is a worthy addition to the psycho-horror genre .
Jennifer Kent 's feature is beautifully made and cleverly filmed and paced . It 's one of the most satisfying horror films I 've seen in a while , and ends on a refreshingly original note .
The Babadook is as accessible as any number of less accomplished ghost stories -- and more genuinely unsettling for its portrait of parent and child locked in mutual but potentially conquerable hell .
The proceeding thrills are economically constructed but extremely effective .
Kent is tapping into something far more unnerving than serial killers or the supernatural : the everyday terror of being a parent .
This is n't to say it 's only about how disturbing it can be to be a mom ; it 's also not only about how difficult it can be to be a mom to a child who reminds you each day of your most dire trauma ... The film is also about institutions that fail to serve .
Rarely outside of drama do we see the kind of imperfect motherhood shown in The Babadook , which is what makes this Repulsion-like household of horrors so frightening .
Come for the dread , stay for the subtext , and top it all off with a little nightlight shopping on Amazon .
The Babadook , one of the best and most original horror films in years , raises goosebumps with old-fashioned scares , relatable characters , and a provocative psychological foundation .
The film has a solid grasp on the mutable , but ever-present pain of loss .
Strikingly evoking a sense of dread in the most every-day and well-lit places , Kent 's accomplished effort is built around Davis ' tremendous turn .
-LSB- Writer/director Jennifer Kent -RSB- skillfully keeps us locked into the moment-by-moment thrills of a monster movie , but also insists that this Babadook is clearly a stand-in for the other problems that inflict the lonely household .
The Babadook lures you in with the familiar childhood fears about something lurking under your bed but delivers something fresh and even surprising .
Full of great little touches that add up to a whole lot , and a wonderful reminder that one need not re-invent the wheel to create a quality horror movie .
The Babadook does n't just introduce a new horror classic to audiences . It also marks the assured feature debut of Jennifer Kent .
It wo n't rewrite the book on horror movies , but it offers a fun chapter .
The Babadook descends to the truly horrific when you begin to see it as the literary manifestation of insomniac 's murder fantasy .
A stirring little piece of psychological drama in which all the optimism and joyful human interactions have been stripped away , leaving behind only the negative extremes .
... one of the best and most original horror films in years , raises goosebumps with old-fashioned scares , relatable characters , and a provocative psychological foundation .
If you are brave enough to watch this low-budget gem from Australia , then you 'll know it 's a `` special kind '' of scary .
Making a significant feature-film debut as both director and writer , Jennifer Kent has fashioned a psychological drama that 's ultimately more about real-world terrors than about the types of monsters that reside in the closet or under the bed .
The Babadook will trap you in its pages with its compelling performances . but like every kid 's book , your happy ending is waiting for you on the last page .
Writer-director Jennifer Kent eschews most horror conventions in favour of wholly original visuals and resonant human drama , abetted by a very powerful performance by Davis .
The line between terrifying reality and terrifying fantasy is n't so much blurred as altogether obliterated .
This simple yet shiver-inducing tale , the auspicious feature debut of Australian writer/director Jennifer Kent , makes for one of the better horror movies of recent times .
It presents grief as a demon , questions reality , and creeps out the viewer by making psychopathology seem like something that could happen to anybody .
If you go to see The Babadook , be sure to have your wits about you . This movie will scare you out of them .
At its heart , `` The Babadook '' is a story of mother and son , whose relationship ultimately determines whether they survive the demon - or die trying .
When the film turns horrifying , The Babadook deftly negotiates the thin line between a well-handled metaphor and a hamfisted one and never strays from the right side of it .
In the running with Boyhood as my favorite movie of 2014 is another work that turns on the challenges of parenting . This one is a tad more insane .
As someone who has developed a pretty thick Critic 's Shield from years of watching standard haunted house/possessed human/mythological-creature fare , I have to say I was genuinely freaked out by some of the passages in The Badabook .
Tthrowback horror picture that grips us with pounding in the night , startling effects such as the appearance of roaches and pools of black blood , and lightning-flash manifestations of the supernatural .
It 's incredibly chilling , but the horror does n't take away from the raw emotion of a mother struggling against herself and stuck between connecting with her child or hurting him .
The direction is plain and demonstrative , emphasising the isolation and confinement of the characters in a world -LRB- and specifically a home -RRB- that seems to have turned against them .
The Babadook is a stunning feature film debut for writer-director Jennifer Kent , who lends humanity to the genre without sacrificing the creep factor .
It 's a movie that uses dread and suspense , not cheap jump scares . It 's also a movie that unsettles with deep psychological unpleasantness . And it 's got a pretty killer title , as well .
The Australian thriller The Babadook is one of the most terrifying horror movies this year , because it roots its shocks in the most primal of emotions : mother love .
Boasting brilliant performances from the two leads , it will be the cause of many a nightmare .
The Babadook is easily the best horror film of 2014 . But bolstered by knockout performances , and a mind-bending narrative beautifully shot and colored , The Babadook is so much more . It 's one of the best films of the year .
The Babadook frightens because it feels true .
A haunting masterpiece of psychological horror , claustrophobia and paranoia in the vein of Roman Polanski 's Rosemary 's Baby and The Tenant , Stanley Kubrick 's The Shining and William Friedkin 's The Exorcist .
The Babadook makes a convincing argument for classy , psychological horror cinema even as it fails to meet its own lofty standard .
Few male directors could 've conveyed Amelia 's wretched state without making her seem hideous or shown Sam 's deep anger without making him unlikable . Kent has done both and left us to decide exactly what we think about this troubled -LSB- relationship -RSB- .
The best horror movie I 've seen in a very , very long time .
About halfway through , I grabbed my notes and moved to the back row of the theater , because the empty seats behind me were creeping me out . By the end of the movie , I was wishing I could turn the lights on .
Jennifer Kent 's tremendously atmospheric and creepy horror comes highly recommended for those who like complex characterisation and ambiguity with their thrills and chills .
The imminence of both half-term and Halloween certainly makes for a varied batch of releases , with The Babadook firmly at the scary end of the spectrum . It is properly chilling .
It 's very personal , and it plays on the very real fears and anxieties of parenthood in a way that never feels `` cool , '' but that always feels authentic .
A supernatural fairy tale with real humanity , The Babadook is a resounding success . If you hear him knocking , be sure to let Mister Babadook in .
The Babadook does n't just tower over this year 's other fright films : It 's one of the most emotionally affecting pieces of macabre cinema in years .
In this fickle genre , the recently released Jennifer Kent-directed Australian film The Babadook offers hope and reminds us that classic suspense is still alive .
Finally , a good horror movie with scary thrills , but also ambiguity and psychological subtext
This Australian thriller is refreshing because it smartly generates its chills from true psychological horrors rather than jump scares or technical gimmicks .
An elegant little horror film reminiscent of Roman Polanski 's `` apartment trilogy '' ... albeit minus Polanski 's kinky male gaze .
`` The Babadook , '' a small but inventive and seriously chilling horror story , is a monsterpiece .
The film strives for horror in the way of The Shining or Silence of the Lambs , but it 's more like Annabelle with better cinematography , which is n't a compliment .
`` Babadook '' an Impressive Calling Card
... a minor masterpiece of the macabre ... Be afraid , be very afraid : the Babadook is more than a Down Under Freddy Krueger ... Reminds us that the real monsters under the bed are Mommy and Daddy .
`` The Babadook '' is a well constructed character study , but may fail to creep out some jaded horror lovers .
While The Babadook is a well-crafted , insightful , and overall excellent film , it 's not going to be for everyone .
Smart , emotional , intelligent and above all terrifying , it 's the sort of film that keeps you wondering , the sort that will delight horror fans and might even convert a fencesitter to the genre .
This is a dark and shivery story about motherhood , a common subject for horror movies , but one that 's rarely treated with such intelligence or seriousness of intent .
This movie is the glass in the soup , the big bad wolf under the bed .
Kent has taste , an eye and a knack for brisk , accelerated pacing . In the case of `` The Babadook , '' familiarity breeds an eerily gratifying contentment .
Suggests the pressures faced by working women can be more harrowing than any horror movie ...
Director Jennifer Kent 's first feature is one of the best debuts , and scariest films , of the year .
Writer-director Jennifer Kent lets the dread creep in slowly , and wisely goes easy on the effects ; she knows that hand-drawn pop-ups can be more than enough to unsettle things
An extraordinary film that taps into the fears of both childhood and adulthood .
Jennifer Kent 's startling debut is an artful horror-chiller that gets under your skin and into your psyche .
It 's an impressive benchmark in the genre and a most powerful debut .
Thanks to its deft melding of psychological and physical terror , as well as its unwillingness to rely on cheap tricks , Jennifer Kent 's debut feature is a triumph .
Credit writer-director Jennifer Kent for lending her Australian indie a healthy dose of brains and subtlety , giving it a distinct advantage over most modern horror films .
`` The Babadook '' is urgent , uncanny and entirely disturbing , a dream within a dream within a nightmare . It is the best English language supernatural film of this new century .
We ca n't help but follow because we empathize with every character -- even the big black sharp-fingered monster that pops up from the dark depths of the subconscious to wreak havoc in the supposed safety of daylight .
as dramatically compelling as it is scary -LRB- and it is , indeed , very scary -RRB-
I do n't scare easily . This one freaked me out .
With its mixture of frights both literal and literary , `` The Babadook '' will , I suspect , satisfy horror 's devotees as much as the genre 's doubters .
This is a really scary movie .
Kent knows that maternal madness is a subject for prime cinematic terror . Either placidly succumbing to insanity with heavy eyelids and a half-smile , or roaring , caught in its vortex , the brave Essie Davis is completely convincing .
This film is a fresh combination of familiar horror elements .
Calling it the best horror picture of the year -- though it is -- does it a grave disservice , since it is , in fact , one of the best horror films of our relatively young century .
The Babadook , for all its primal borrowing from other movies , is first and foremost a Jennifer Kent film , and it 's great . She 's burned her influences , and the result is indelible , and toxic and scalding and scarifying and terrific to the touch .
Writer/director Jennifer Kent has created a modern horror masterpiece in this film . It is about as creepy as creepy can get .
One of the best horror movies to come along in years .
Sometimes you go to a movie and know from the first image that whoever made it knows what she 's doing . You do n't need convincing . You 're there with her . Jennifer Kent 's The Babadook is like that .
The Shining in miniature . If Sylvia Plath made a horror film , this would be it .
It wants to get to the core of our fears : the ones that do n't need a fright mask to keep us up at night .
Director Kent has made the kind of striking film that is going to have mainstream Hollywood haunting her like a Babadook in a bad mood . For the sake of her idiosyncratic vision , let 's hope she does n't frighten easily .
Director Jennifer Kent 's first outing as a horror director is a downright flawless effort ...
The Babadook is without a doubt the most thrilling and satisfying horror film of the year . Its thick , gloomy atmosphere and remarkable performance from Essie Davis certifies the long lasting significance of a terrific cinematic experience .
Reminiscent of German Expressionist horror films-The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari in particular-Mister Babadook himself is a masterpiece of design and implementation .
... about the dark side that any bone-weary parent can sometimes feel creeping up within .
What makes `` The Babadook '' great is the depth in which it sinks its fangs into human emotion , particularly the way we grieve . Keeping the pain bottled up can literally kill you . But facing it and learning to tame it , live with it , can be liberating .
No matter how successful The Babadook turns out to be - and Jennifer Kent 's horror story deserves all the success it gets - the prospects of a best-selling kid-lit tie-in do n't look good .
No one likes to think there are limits to a parent 's love , especially a mother 's - tricky but fertile territory for horror , explored here by first time -LRB- ! -RRB- writer-director Jennifer Kent .
A potent journey through the fears , anxieties , and repressed rages of motherhood .
Shot in chilly shades of blue , `` The Babadook '' will haunt anyone who 's ever heard a cry in the night - or wondered what was under the bed , in the dark .
Australian writer/director Jennifer Kent makes a stunningly assured feature filmmaking debut with this unnerving thriller .
There 's a grand divide between what Kent has done here and what most of us consider horror . You 'll spend your first week after the experience sleeping with the lights on . You will also come away enriched and provoked .
It 's rare that you get a good , new movie monster .
Deeply unsettling , thanks to Essie Davis ' gradually more unhinged performance and writer-director Jennifer Kent 's emphasis on atmosphere over quick scares .
Forget Insidious and its ilk , The Babadook is where it 's at for supernatural horror in the home .
Writer-director Jennifer Kent 's domestic-horror movie The Babadook satisfyingly pierces the obscene sanctification of `` mommyhood '' -- a pathological mandate that seems to have become an irreversible cultural imperative .
The Babadook burrows under your skin , continually prodding you with increasingly disturbing ideas . You do n't just walk away from this movie ; it follows you .
An intense , terrifying indie horror film with more on its mind than scaring its audience .
Kent 's debut feature combines the bumps and creaks of the classic haunted-house movie with the visceral kick of Australian exploitation films .
An expressionist masterpiece that engages with personal concerns in a fashion that is terrifying and emotional . It will one day be ranked in the pantheon of horror classics
The disturbingly realistic performance from Essie Davis as a mom out of her depth makes The Babadook one of the most chilling horror stories of the past few years .
Still capable of sending viewers into watch-through-fingers mode . That it has substance and understanding of real-world dread is merely icing on the cake .
The finest and most genuinely provocative horror movie to emerge in this still very-new century .
The Babadook makes everyday domestic life seem like the most natural possible place to encounter monsters of every description , including the monsters that we ourselves have the capacity to become .
The Babadook makes the most of its special effects as needed , but this smart little frightener keeps its head close to the rising anxiety of a young widow whose husband died a violent death .
You will be scared . And also , perhaps even more scarily , moved .
Although the supernatural seems the likeliest answer , it 's not the only one , and audiences can read the film either way .
The film 's scares rely on the unknown , and Kent shows a great deal of restraint in avoiding the typical tactics of the genre ...
One of the best scary movies in a decade ... presenting a completely unnerving spooky story about one of contemporary horror 's most deliciously-expressed monsters
With The Babadook , Kent has created an iconic boogeyman and an intense psychological horror film that cuts to the core of actual human grief and tragedy by way of the fantastic
A small film that packs a horribly big punch .
`` The Babadook '' is a smart , darkly drawn modern-day horror movie of monsters , memories and mothers .
The Babadook is a film that Val Lewton and Jacques Tourneur , screen horror 's high priests of the unseen , would approve of .
In an age when horror movies have mostly become lazy and toothless , here 's one with ambition and bite .
This psychological thriller from gifted first-time filmmaker Jennifer Kent will have you climbing the walls simply by plumbing the violence of the mind . Brace yourself .
Thick with atmosphere and rife with foreboding happenings , The Babadook is one of the best horror films so far this decade .
It 's the most horror I 've felt at a horror film since Neil Marshall 's The Descent , one where the scares do n't release the tension - they harrow .
The Babadook knows your true fear - having a kid who sucks
`` An exceptionally rich psychological portrait of a woman , it 's an enormously compassionate and sadly relevant film about misplaced blame and the often impossible demands of motherhood . ''
I like to imagine watching this chilling Australian horror film with late , great authors Shel Silverstein , Roald Dahl and Edward Gorey - all of whom would have relished its twisted children 's storybook at the center of things .
Simple , elemental horror , pretty well-executed .
What really distinguishes The Babadook , however , is the metaphorical potency of its narrative .
One of the smartest and most effective horror films in years .
It 's almost a shame it turns into a ghost movie at all , but not quite .
This is a different kind of nail-biter that has less to do with demonic possession than with the renegade power of an untamed imagination .
An engrossing Australian ghost story .
Let a law be passed , requiring all horror films to be made by female directors .
The Babadook is anything but predictable , unveiling a chilling tale with emotional depth , well developed characters , and intense , heart-pounding moments of terror .
Intelligently presented creepy mood piece ` Old Dark House ' horror thriller .
Somehow , Kent takes these tried and true tropes , whacks them on the nose , and conjures something surprisingly eerie , Freudian and jittery .
An oppressive experience that fills one with tension , causes the hairs to stand up , the fingers to curl and nails to dig into the upholstered arms of the chair .
Using the imagery of German Expressionism and the creepy techniques of David Lynch , Kent has created a psychological horror which gradually shifts the ground beneath our feet .
Jennifer Kent 's debut excels at what you might call grief horror ... the ending finds a rare emotional realism in what could have been a run-of-the-mill creepshow .
A solid -LRB- if derivative -RRB- little thriller ...
The Babadook promises many sleepless nights to come . Fresh , moving and hide-behind-your-coat scary this will undoubtedly be the standout horror film of 2014 .
A scary , stylish , beautifully acted and , for the most part , refreshingly original haunted house movie .
An instant classic . Urgent yet compassionate , unyielding as well as frostily whimsical , the film transforms again and again as it cackles in the face of expectations .
To borrow a line from Pixar 's Monsters Inc : `` We scare because we care . ''
What 's been delivered here is a potent brew of psychological terror mixed with a genuinely spooky story , making The Babadook easily the best horror movie of recent years .
Jennifer Kent 's striking debut feature is a bold and intensely emotional psychological horror .
The supernatural undercurrents are spooky , but the intimations of real-life traumas are still more disturbing .
The Australian writer-director Jennifer Kent 's bravura new horror pic combines subtlety and psychological depth with some very full-blooded shock tactics .
The vast majority , however , follow the `` baby in peril '' route most recently seen in the generic demon doll picture Annabelle . It 's surprisingly rare for a film to tap into the genuinely scary things about parenting .
This slow-burning Australian chiller is well-acted and often quite stylish but it feels awfully familiar and surprisingly tame by the time it reaches an anti-climax of an ending .
Eerie and unsettling , this is a promising debut from an exciting new talent .
Genuinely horrific and deeply scary in a way that draws on the most primal of emotions . A horror flick with rare emotional and psychological resonance .
The film is a feast of inventive design emanating outwards from the book 's pages , which suggest a collaboration between the Polish pop-up artist Jan Pienkowski and the morbid dreamscapes of Edward Gorey .
The Babadook leaves behind it a satisfyingly toxic residue of fear .
Kent 's picture has all the requisite creepy atmosphere of your standard possessed-home flick , but its trump card is an almost unbearable dread .
A haunting tale with deep wells of howling grief at its centre , this is one bedtime story that will stay with you for weeks . Sleep tight ...
An atmospheric psychological thriller which unfolds like a postnatally depressed Repulsion .
One of the strongest , most effective horror films of recent years - with awards-quality lead work from Essie Davis , and a brilliantly designed new monster who could well become the break-out spook archetype of the decade .
The Babadook is a brilliantly made , elegant horror film , with real psychological depth .
The Babadook is a horror fable that 's light on terror and heavy on whiny children , making for an uneven watch that squanders potential around far too many corners .
I never believed that it would be a fable that ended in a moral , hard-won , rather than a fairytale with a happily ever after .
it tells an unnerving , tragic tale of grief and guilt , of maternity and madness , of love and loss , while always sublimating its subtext to cellar or closet ... it is beautifully told , giving untold horrors a true , anguished face .
Skilfully directed , the film is perfectly poised between real and unreal and manages to be both emotionally rich and disturbingly creepy , remaining ambiguous to the end .
The raw honesty which lies beneath this tale of loneliness , loss and coping mechanisms makes for emotionally impactful viewing , tinged with both sadness and hope .
Similar in tone ... to stylish spookers such as Mama and The Ring , The Babadook is highly proficient , tightly directed , armrest-clutching stuff made by people who know how to press the right buttons .
The Babadook proves once again that an original and personal vision is the principal requisite for an interesting film , but in this case the director 's work with two wonderful actors is crucial to the film 's success .
What I really liked about this film was the cohesiveness of the ideas in it and , I do n't know , I just thought it was so finely pitched and intriguing from go to whoa .
Jennifer Kent 's clever , thoroughly satisfying and neatly unsettling debut feature is about a kind of haunting , but of who or what ? This is the question that simmers throughout the film .
I 'm no fan of horror movies but this one delivers a convincingly powerful study in domestic havoc .
Featuring both a gripping lead performance by Essie Davis and one of the most creepifying monsters to ever stalk your dreams , The Babadook sets a bar by which future local horror films will be measured .
So much more interesting and idiosyncratic than most horror films -LRB- whether from Japan or Australia or America -RRB- , The Babadook is original and compelling
Creepy from the outset , Jennifer Kent 's debut horror thriller has plenty going for it , from the unsettling mood created to a standout performance by Australian actress Essie Davis
You may not believe in bogeymen , but you better believe The Babadook is the best Australian film in years .
Essie Davis delivers the best performance of her career -LRB- thus far -RRB- , an emotionally draining , physically demanding portrayal of a mothers love tested by demons both psychological and supernatural .
Davis gives possibly the performance of her career in The Babadook , portraying this emotionally destroyed woman with an authenticity and honesty that is punishing to watch .
The film works as great horror fiction thanks entirely to the believability afforded the protagonist 's psychological state .
The tension is real , the scares are genuine and the end product is a classic horror masterpiece that deserves a place among the greats .
Its horrors go beyond any single raggedy phantom , reaching back to the primordial fear of death and loss : of a child , of a loved one , of one 's own sense of self .
Manages to deliver real , seat-grabbing jolts while also touching on more serious themes of loss , grief and other demons that can not be so easily vanquished .
The Babadook is the best genre creature creation since the big black wolf-dog aliens from Attack the Block .
... The Babadook is a smart , respectful horror that puts character and emotional issues first , yet never at the cost of a delightful and haunting fright .
An impressively chilling exercise in old-school restraint .
Throw in a few fresh images , great performances and enough creepy audio to have you fearing those dark corners again , and you have one entertaining and frightening experience in store .
Who thinks up a film like The Babadook ? Actress-turned-debuting-feature-director Jennifer Kent has the narrative chutzpah to show her entire hand in the pop-up story and then make us squirm as foretold events come true .
With its whimsically ghoulish creation and frightfully real lead performances , The Babadook feels just like that actual nightmare you once had .

@highlight

The Babadook relies on real horror rather than cheap jump scares -- and boasts a heartfelt , genuinely moving story to boot .