A watchable and satisfying family film .
When I was in high school , I would have pretended like this movie was beneath me , that it 's just about stupid prom . That 's sort of what high school is about too . But I secretly would have loved it .
Wholesome story , colorful characters and sweet romantic elements , make for a decent watch .
... a perfectly watchable - albeit utterly forgettable - little drama ...
There 's one hell of a drinking game to be made for every utterance of title word .
If Disney missed the bulls-eye this time , they still hit the target -LRB- audience -RRB- .
Pretty much a non-starter ... its squeaky-cleanliness will seem more at home in its inevitable cable afterlife on the Disney channel . -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB-
-LSB- At least -RSB- it does n't get mired in the '80s nostalgia that 's come to infect today 's teen comedies ...
teen drama that may be feel-good , but lets itself down by merely going through the motions .
It 's the kind of thing that gives sincerity a bad name .
With a squeaky-clean , smiling multi-ethnic cast , Prom gives a non-musical nod to Glee but does n't dare address the same awkward teen issues that have made the show so popular .
This Disney fare is so bland and unremarkable that you might be better off staying home and watching a repeat of Glee .
As sanitised teen movies go , Prom is a scoop of sugar-free vanilla ice-cream resting on a gluten-free wafer that was manufactured in a completely sterile environment .
Only moderately exasperating .
Romance flowering or being dashed , a school where no one appears to be doing any coherent work and a Prom which brings the whole messy thing towards its feelgood finish .
As high-school movies go , Prom is n't the coolest kid in class , but an appealing cast ensures that the film 's sweetness and good-humour will go down well with tweens , even if their older siblings find proceedings a little too safe and insipid .
Even younger viewers would surely relish a little more raunch . It 's hard to hate , however , and parents can take confidence in the fact that it could never be accused of being a corrupting influence .
Horribly cheesy in parts , it 's fairly amusing in others and you may quite enjoy it if you 're a 12-year-old girl . Everyone else should steer clear .
If you 're looking for a DVD for your tweenie sleepover , then here is the movie for you : a bland , Disney drama about all the heartache and craziness leading up to a high school graduation prom night .
It 's an orgy of good , clean fun -LRB- no swearing , no booze and definitely no fooling around -RRB- without one single original cinematic moment .
It 's all so sugar-coated and sanitised that there 's nothing here for the over-12s .
Inhabits Glee and High School Musical territory without mustering their wit or creativity .
Occasionally , it 's mildly amusing but the conclusions are so soft it hurts .
You could n't loathe the experience , however vacuous it feels . Prom does have some hot new talent to watch , for example , Cameron Monaghan , Nicholas Braun and Thomas McDonell .
Not knowing enough for the Glee/Easy A generation and laden with enough Prom-movie clichés to have older viewing running for the exits , it 's old hat .
It 's what some parents might call `` good clean fun '' . Just without the `` good '' and `` fun '' bits .
... predictably sweet and sweetly predictable .
The classic teen movies tend to resonate more with actual teens , but while high schoolers may find this movie unbelievably innocuous , it 's a sweet enough diversion for young ` uns and the parents who have to accompany them .
Prom turns what could have been a string of punch lines and lump-in-the-throat passages into an affecting group portrait .
Somewhere around the midway point I could n't help but think that a bucket of pig blood would liven things up to no end .
A Disney-esque sanitized version of the Prom phenom , but what 's wrong with that ?
Compulsively ordinary .
Prom is pretty much precisely what you expect : kids fret and adults miss points , and eventually , prom is over .
In the way that a real prom will start with everyone standing around staring at each other but end with a crowded dance floor , Prom starts to pick up steam as it goes along .
Except for a couple of nice touches , `` Prom '' is a remedial class in cliches .
It 's harmless . It 's also hopeless and ultimately , pointless .
This thing is aimed squarely at the 11 to 15-year-old set , and it is n't like writer Katie Wech and director Joe Nussbaum aim any higher then necessary .
Prom is a good-hearted , perfectly watchable bonbon about adolescents with little on their minds besides who will ask or be asked to the graduation night shindig .
Here 's a rare bird : a film made for `` tweens '' that actually takes young people and their emotions seriously , instead of playing them for cheap laughs . What 's more , Prom wo n't make parents cringe by exposing their children to characters who ...
They 're a ridiculously cute pair and ridiculously at odds over this whole prom thingy , which is , by its very nature , ridiculous . So the ridiculous quotient is extremely high .
Unrealistic prom flick is bland for teens , fine for tweens .
If your child is in Grade 9 , I can pretty much guarantee they 're too jaded and cynical for a movie in which blemish-free twentysomething actors enthuse about how prom night will be the most IMPORTANT NIGHT OF MY LIFE , OMG !
Perhaps the biggest problem with Prom is that there is nothing special about it . Everything feels familiar and rehashed , like eating leftovers that have lingered in the fridge and been picked at for days .
Never have the stakes seemed so low for everyone involved . This is a sterile high school environment , lacking anything nearing controversy .
It will give its intended tween audience a lot to squeal about -- and leave their parents reminiscing quietly about how good films from '80s icon John Hughes were .
Less engrossing than a Clearasil commercial and more synthetic than a Rebecca Black video .
Because I 'm a thousand years old now , I realize that a lot of high school rituals have probably changed since I was there . But I do not remember anything resembling the baroque pageantry of `` The Ask '' techniques in this movie .
This is a Disney flick , complete with an ensemble of Mouseketeers doing their level best to be the Muzak of kids -- any resemblance to an actual teenager is purely accidental .
I think people who would go to a movie named `` Prom '' are going to like the movie named `` Prom . ''
She 's a conformist overachiever , he 's a troubled soul ; a third-grader could tell that the two will fall hard for each other by the movie 's halfway point .
For a work so seemingly light and straightforward , this is an astonishingly inept , curiously depressing experience .
`` Prom '' is so strenuously inoffensive it makes Disney 's `` High School Musical '' look almost racy by comparison .
A movie that 's so anachronistically mushy and awkward , it earns extra credit simply for being so innocent .
Director Joe Nussbaum 's movie comes from promising first-time screenwriter Katie Wech . Her work has a nice spirit ; `` Prom '' may be the same old thing , and squeaky-clean to the point of mild-to-moderate aggravation , but it 's not pushy .
There are new tweeners every year . To them , the characters and plot devices in this perfectly competent film might well seem fresh .
You certainly do n't expect a Disney live-action movie to be ambitious or edgy , but you do n't necessarily expect this degree of sloppiness either .
Adults will yawn , having seen this movie -LRB- and possibly lived it -RRB- a few times , but for its 11 - to 16-year-old target audience , it 'll be exactly right .
Basically , it 's `` When Hilary Duff Met 1993 Eddie Vedder . ''
Here 's a by-the-playbook movie if ever there was one . The machinations leading up to the big night are hardly worth the fuss : Prom 's entertainment quotient comes up deficient .
Tweens everywhere will be more than pleased with the up-and-down -LRB- but never really that down -RRB- adventures of a group of teens getting ready for their big night .
For its intended audience , it hits just the right note of drama mixed with cuteness .
a neutered , happy-face mess
It 's a sweet , generic safe harbor for young kids , parents , and those teenagers who want to hide from the world for a couple of hours .
` Prom , ' directed with too bland a TV hand by Joe Nussbaum , evaporates as you watch it , but it does go down easy .
`` Prom '' is pure bubble gum , from its shiny wrapping to its mushy insides to its fleeting aftertaste . And sometimes , there 's nothing wrong with chewing bubble gum .
Even the young and gullible will see every plot development coming long before Prom 's characters do .
Strictly for those still wondering how cool it 'll feel to be a freshman .
These are boys and girls on their very best behavior , which does n't sound like any prom you or I remember .
If you want harmless , silly fluff , it 's almost sort of semi kind-of moderately acceptable , but if you expect anything more from the film , you 'll leave as disappointed as I did after my actual senior prom .
The pace is brisk , the soundtrack 's bouncy , it really is more like a ride than a movie , and as lies about high school go ... it goes down quite easily .
Not one kilojoule past perfectly competent , Prom has sweetness , nonthreatening conflict , and enough personality to distance it from the chilling anodyne of Disney 's television vehicles .
A cliche fest that 's better than you think -- but still not very good .
Though at times unforgivably plodding , this gentle teen picture keeps matters surprisingly human , evading abrasive Disney Channel trappings to play more sensitively , thus encouraging a heartier emotional investment .
Nussbaum 's crew works hard to maintain a fresh-scrubbed look to the school , its students and the small community that contains it . They succeed all too well . Could n't there have been at least one wall with graffiti ?
The cast is likeable enough , although nobody is called upon to do much more than look elated or crushed , depending on the circumstances .
Prom looks and feels blissful .
At first , Prom seems a little innocuous , but this winning after-school trifle has a savvy heart that grows on you .
It ca n't decide if it 's a snarky look at the rite of passage or an earnest story about being true to oneself .
By and large `` Prom '' is exactly what the prom-haters in the cast say it is , a lot of build-up for something that is n't remotely as `` special '' as those obsessed with it wish it to be .
Unlike most films of its ilk , Prom is genuinely human and relatable , veering with ease between comedy and drama .
Prom means well -- and it grows on you . And it 's much less of a hassle than schlepping to the real thing .
-LSB- VIDEO -RSB- What starts out as an all-too-formulaic teen romantic comedy settles into a forgivably recipe-driven think piece on the milestone significance of that unique social gathering known as the prom .
Prom seems relatively harmless ; also , lifeless and pointless .
The film , a wish-fulfillment fantasy through and through , sounds as if it was scripted by a tween , but it acknowledges the sincerity of its characters ' desires without denying that the ritual of prom is by and large a frivolous one .
Adults will mock this juvenile misrepresentation while younger audiences will be forever ruined expecting prom to be some picture perfect dance with a fountain in the middle .
For the target audience , Prom musters a few nice moments , perhaps , but nothing remotely approaching perfection -- and hardly any memorable ones .
Fortunately , Teegarden and McDonell make up for the hand-me-down plotting with a sweet , unaffected chemistry .
More material divorced from any recognizable social reality piles into Prom , as into an overloaded rental limo .


@highlight

Given its flatly descriptive title and live-action Disney pedigree , Prom is more nuanced and less cynical -- but also just as corny and cliched -- as you might expect .