You could strip every last marginally political idea from the movie , and it would still probably be one of the most grueling , unfunny things released that year .
It is hard to believe that a comedy this singularly inept and downright unfunny came from one of the minds behind one of the funniest comedies of all time , Airplane ! .
Kada vi % u0161e potrebe za Michaelom Mooreom ne bude , potrebe za filmovima koje tog istog Moorea parodiraju bit % u0107e jo % u0161 manje .
Using sledgehammer gags in the service of a dissent-bashing tale , Zucker aims for the flag-waving brio of Warner Bros. cartoons during World War II , but he succeeds only in ruining Farley 's big break .
just too insular to be engaging
What could have been an amusing riff looks more like a propaganda film out to destroy Moore rather than spoof him .
The gags come fast and furiously with one-liners to make the case that liberals do n't have exclusive rights to humor in Hollywood .
... the jokes are lame and the caricatures too removed from any defensible reality .
An American Carol dares to mock the Left , but it forgets to bring the funny .
Zucker 's film reeks of a deeply insecure psychosis , one that 's often insultingly mislabeled as patriotism -- which is how it gets away with wrapping itself in red , white and blue while simultaneously ridiculing our Bill Of Rights .
An American Carol , David Zucker 's mirthless conservative rally guised as an update on Charles Dickens ' classic Christmas tale , hits a new low .
This movie is seriously unfunny , and it 's not just my admittedly left-wing politics that are in the way of my getting the joke .
Nice try , but I 'd watch Airplane ! again first .
Overall , Zucker 's cinematic middle finger is about as funny as an exploding toilet seat for hemorrhoid-induced senior citizens ... a dreary picture mired in sophomoric sludge .
Utterly asinine , sophomoric , tasteless , the movie has much in common with Zucker 's Airplane ! , The Naked Gun 2 1/2 and Scary Movie sequels , minus the laughs .
... too unfocused and ill-disciplined to work either as Dickens pastiche or as political satire .
There 's a good idea for a movie here : Someone considered poking fun at liberal filmmaker Michael Moore . The only problem with ` An American Carol ' is that it 's not funny .
Right-wing political comedy just is n't funny .
This is an uneven , uninspired , tired spoof that has about 10 funny jokes throughout .
As entertainment , An American Carol ranks below YouTube clips of Sarah Palin .
Forget politics : An American Carol sucks simply because it 's ridiculously , painfully unfunny .
Forget about politics for a moment ... Carol is first and foremost a terrible piece of filmmaking , marred by bad performances , cringe-inducing dialogue and amateurish direction .
How dumb does Hollywood think American conservatives are ? Not half as dumb as conservative filmmaker David Zucker thinks they are .
Poorly made indie production has a script that feels like a list of ripostes collected over the last several years to liberal criticisms of the U.S. : The whole enterprise feels far more agenda - than entertainment-driven .
An American Carol is about as not-funny as a comedy can get .
It 's a polemic , a screed , a combination comic rant and sentimental flag-waver that does n't work as either .
What makes An American Carol overtly depressing rather than merely lame is its allegiance to a diseased political discourse built on crude dichotomies : Either you 're a bellicose , God-fearing patriot or a troop-hating , traitorous hippie .
I ca n't imagine anyone -- Democrat or Republican , liberal or conservative , red-state or blue-state , earthling or E.T. -- finding An American Carol anything other than ` not funny . ' And idiotic . And demeaning . And aggressively , persistently crummy .
Is there any filmmaker alive , whether Democrat or Republican , conservative or liberal , capable of producing a truly incisive , intelligent satire about our politically polarized times ?
Cheap shots and mean spirits abound , as do celebrity cameos . But it 's the laziness of the writing that most offends .
Given that this supremely silly satire directed by The Naked Gun 's David Zucker plays more like something slapped together to beat an expiration date , it 's hard to get too worked up about it .
Only you can decide whether you 're in the mood to wade through the smear of stink jokes and political ravings .
Ultimately , the problem with An American Carol is the problem with far too much political discourse in this country , left or right : It highlights the worst excesses of the opposition for the sole purpose of discrediting the vast middle .
A liberal witch hunt in court jester clothing , and in-your-face politics presumably to coincide with the election , while certain to have Charles Dickens roll over in his grave . An American Carol : Huh ?! Cinema at its foulest .
Challenging authority as unpatriotic ? Bah , humbug !
Even if it were n't three years too late to parody Moore -LRB- ineptly played by Kevin Farley -RRB- , Moore 's ridiculous tribute to Cuban health care in Sicko is far funnier than anything in this desperately laughless farce from David Zucker .
Although it 's refreshing to encounter a parody that does n't use tired movie genres for inspiration , An American Carol squanders its comedic potential with a near-total absence of laughs .
... while it may be -LRB- director David Zucker 's -RRB- passion for the -LRB- obvious conservative agenda -RRB- , it 's easily more entertaining than either Scary Movie 3 or 4 .
I 'm giving it a just-barely-recommended grade not because it 's terribly funny -LRB- which it is n't -RRB- , but because it 's fascinating as a cultural artifact .
This movie 's level of political discourse makes Couric/Palin look like Frost/Nixon .
While it is the liberals of America who receive the brunt of abuse , it is the conservatives , portrayed as hypocritical , narrow-minded hicks and heathens , that unintentionally look like fools .
The right should follow Zucker 's lead engage its liberal opposition with humor rather than the crass protests and attempts at bans usually flung at Moore 's films .
It 's neat to see a movie from another point of view ... Still , the movie has a message , and that message gets in the way of the comedy at least half of the time
American Carol reinforces how needlessly divisive our country has become . Certainly there 's a better way to say `` Yay America ! '' than this lousy , hopeless movie , easily one of the worst films of the year .
Political humor is a mainstay in this country 's conversation about issues that affect us all . But the minute you get preachy is the minute your little satire soufflé falls .

@highlight

An American Carol suffers not so much from its perceived political bias , but from the fact that it simply is not very funny .