The twins are played by 19-year-old real-life brothers Luke and Harry Treadaway . They 're sexy , touching and macabre , and you ca n't keep your eyes off them .
`` Lost In La Mancha '' directors Louis Pepe and Keith Fulton take a flailing mockumentary shot at a convoluted narrative about a pair of conjoined twins-turned-punk-rock-duo .
A punk Siamese-twins mock-biopic . Interested ? File this one in the `` could have sucked but did n't '' drawer , these guys have crafted a pretty special film .
The edgy humor and oddly compelling lead characters make it well worth seeing .
Needed more to counter its `` twin '' shortcomings : the questionable gimmick and too much lousy music .
Despite the odd moment of visual bravura , this mockumentary is too aware of its own satirical daring . Consequently , it 's never as dark , dangerous or amusing as it thinks .
Harry and Luke Treadaway give astonishing performances -LRB- or rather an astonishing performance -RRB- , creating a believable physicality for their characters , as well as distinct personalities .
The credible feel of this film-within-the-film remains an achievement ; it 's neither mocking nor parodic and nearly always deadly serious .
Co-directors Keith Fulton and Louis Pepe have a gift for making fake footage look like the real deal . But they 're not so hot when it comes to simulating human drama .
`` Brothers '' puts a clever and disturbing twist on the self-destructive arc that so many real-life rock bands take .
An astonishing twinning of wild imagination and drop-dead realism .
What becomes painfully apparent as the drudgery rolls on is that the only freak show here is the movie itself .
No doubt one of the weirdest , most off-beat movies you can see all year , and with a rocking soundtrack .
This music-heavy period piece is so dour that it 's a bit of a drag .
What 's missing is any insight to cut into the twins ' opaqueness , which turns the movie into a stylistic experiment without any reason to be .
Fulton and Pepe 's double-headed head trip is mostly drab gray matter .
Rock on , but be prepared to be left just a bit frustrated by the near-greatness this perplexing film almost achieves .
Undermined by its form : strange as it ought to be , the mockumentary conventions of the movie make everything strangely familiar .
The Treadaways are terrific and comedy finds an umbilical link to tragedy .
The saga is presented , despite the absurdities , as the absolute truth . You find yourself believing , wanting to believe . After all , despite the extremes , it could happen , maybe even did happen .
It 's knowledgeable about the dynamics of a band , about the conventions of documentaries and about how complicated sex , drugs and rock 'n' roll would be if you shared a liver .
A narratively lurid , visually leering piece that revels in its strangeness and is more likely to put you off than pull you in .
It 's two-thirds of one of the year 's best movies .
... very odd and clever film ...
... the story of British conjoined twins turned underground punk-rock tragic figures ca n't be ignored , if not for the ingenious way of disguising truth , then for the unsettling presentation of human emotions .
Adapting the Brian Aldiss novel , the -LSB- directorial -RSB- pair instead creates a psychedelic dream state in which various supporting players recount their roles in the punk-rock myth .
Methinks it might have connected better as a narrative piece ...
... despite outlandish subject matter that might lend itself to something more lurid or camp , it treats its characters and their story with refreshing restraint and seriousness .
Pepe and Fulton seem to have mastered a certain ability to capture a time period while being authentic both to its trends and their style .
We do n't really care about these people , who are for the most part unlikeable . That goes for the Howe twins , too .
So cleverly constructed that it 's easy to be taken in and believe these twins really rocked .
A provocative but oddly unsatisfying film experiment .
All the artiness on hand ca n't conceal the familiar raucous sound of the carnival barker outside .
It 's the songs ... that give the movie its emotional ballast , countering the filmmakers ' intellectualized approach and meta-narrative style .
Self-consciously strange and surprisingly haunting .
Apes the cinematic and musical excesses of its era so eerily that it 's worth a look .
It 's a lurid fiction , told in a clever documentary style that makes it look uncomfortably real .
A flashy , stylistic show of emptiness , intended to protest emptiness . But that 's clear almost from the outset .
Yes , this is another faux rock documentary , but one so dramatically and visually textured that it reinvents that decidedly worn genre .
Here , at least , played straight , the mockumentary strictures are more like straitjackets .
A glumly serious British mock rock doc : You could forgive the paucity of jokes if Brothers of the Head had anything to say , or if the '70s - verite surface were remotely convincing .
... an intelligent , probing , artistic look at an unusual fictional band , The Bang Bang , whose eventual breakup gives splitsville a whole new meaning .
Is appropriately moody and gets the music right , but becomes as incoherent and messy as the lives of the protagonists in the film 's second half .
It 's all the more frustrating when the film starts to feel draggy and repetitive , and then kind of sidesteps its own climax . But along the way it brims with joy and pain , discovery and oblivion . And that makes it well worth seeing .
Despite some excitingly shot concert footage , one scene begins to feel very much like the next , and it 's all rather predictable .
Directors Keith Fulton and Louis Pepe , the duo who made the documentary Lost in La Mancha , turn the movie itself into a kind of conjoined twin : the silly and the grim are attached to each other at awkward angles .
This is a very tender portrayal of young people caught up in a blisteringly fast and cynical world , and though their music is hideous , they are a compelling act .
A work of terrific imagination , visceral punch and gothic beauty .
If David lynch and David Cronenberg ever had a hybrid filmic lovechild it would look a heck of a lot like directors Keith Fulton and Louis Pepe 's strangely surreal Brothers of the Head .
The trouble , at last , is n't testosterone or loss of control or even exploitation . It 's the join , the difference and the sameness , the show . And it 's unending .
Even is you 're not a fan of the time and its music , Brothers of the Head is fascinating to watch as the makers build a convincing mockumentary
Brothers is n't slick or self-conscious , but it constructs a weird fantastical journey for the audience that blurs the line between medical reality and rock fiction .
What could have been a powerful and poignant exploration of the British music biz ends up being merely above average .
This is a fake documentary that barely lets on that it 's fiction .
Pepe , Fulton and screenwriter Tony Grisoni , who had worked on Gilliam 's Quixote picture , inject great detail into the Howes ' story , yet the siblings feel distant and disconnected , a couple of ciphers you never really get to know .
The arc of the Howes ' careers looks so much like the autopsies of similar 1970s rock bands that you brace yourself for the inevitable tragic end . And yet , even with the details of their demise more implied than stated , it still stings like real life .
Fulton and Pepe 's refusal to play the material for obvious jokes or ironies dignifies what might have otherwise been a gimmicky project about a band fronted by conjoined twins .
Watching the film , one wonders what Lennon and McCartney would have done if they were fused together like the Howes .
The pace is slow , the story is slight , and the music is loud . I must not have been the filmmakers ' intended audience .
` Brothers of the Head ' digs especially hard at the manipulative circus nature of packaging culture and hysteria for the consuming younger set .
It 's about Siamese-twin rock stars . How can you not smile the whole way through ?
Easily this summer 's most disturbing film , the story of a glam band led by conjoined twins is remarkable for defying easy categorization and avoiding sensationalism of its easily exploitable subject , instead presenting a darkly bizarre yet tender tale .
The golden-hued footage is lovingly faked by ace cinematographer Anthony Dod Mantle , and the straight-faced result is as improbably touching as the Farrelly brothers ' underrated Stuck on You .
It 's a delicate act to pull off and it may not all hang together perfectly , but it 's impressive nonetheless .
With Brothers of the Head , Fulton and Pepe have created a fiction film in the spirit of a rock doc , further blurring ... the line between live and Memorex .
Wields its carnival sideshow story about a Siamese twins-fronted '70s British glam band not for parodic silliness but , rather , for surprisingly tender , haunting melodrama .
This dark and sometimes blackly humorous drama , told cinema vérité style , is of a different intent , and miles away from the type of comedy normally associated with that word .
Expressionistic and weirdly poignant ... you 'll be conjoined to your seat whenever Ken Russell comes in to discuss clips from his abandoned biopic Two-Way Romeo .
Ever wonder how much more fun/disastrous Oasis would have been if Noel and Liam were attached at the chest ? This is your chance to find out how that would play out .


@highlight

As bizarre as it is , this mockumentary about a pair of conjoined rockers is surprisingly poignant and filled with authentic period details .