In stepping back and viewing it not as a super-faithful adaptation , but as entertainment aimed primarily at young girls , there is certainly something to be celebrated here ...
Just try not to smile as you watch the imaginative misfit Ramona make classic childhood mistakes in this ebullient adaptation of Beverly Cleary 's timeless series .
... an affable yet forgettable little comedy ...
Very entertaining and even heartbreaking in some moments ...
Captures the spirit of the Beverly Cleary books and offers a Ramona who 's a believable combination of mischief and innocence .
Only a twisted , seriously sad individual could have a problem with this sunny tween comedy , which I hated .
This sitcom-bright film does n't come close to the quality of the Beverly Cleary book series , but it 's a sweet , frequently charming effort that does n't betray its G rating .
Despite everyone 's efforts , Ramona comes across as an insufferably spoilt and attention-seeking little horror .
Performances are perfectly pleasant , but more of Ramona 's flights of fancy and less lingering on the adult romance would 've added some oomph .
Nothing to frighten the horses , as they say , or interest or entertain them much , either .
True , it 's just a bit overlong for junior attention spans , but given that the boys get lots of movies with wizards and special effects , little girls will surely welcome a film that seems tailored just for them .
Fans of the Ramona Quimby books will be disappointed , but tween girls will love it .
The best live action children 's film since Nanny McPhee 2 .
This is an almost quaint throwback of a kids ' movie that ends up enjoyably ragtag and cluttered , all of it contained by an emphasis on neighbourhood and maturity . Realistic , refreshing , and reassuring .
A film for kids trying far too hard to appeal to their parents .
This movie understands how to get into the head of a little kid . Plus , there 's a little romance for the parents as well .
A pleasant way to pass some time and be made happy and sad by little things that are well-observed .
A heartwarming little film that makes a genuine connection to the joys and trials of childhood .
Refreshingly anti-princess and sweet without degrading into sugary , Ramona and Beezus animates Ramona 's frequent flights of fancy with DIY-like sequences that literalize , quite charmingly , how a kid colors the world .
At over 100 minutes , Ramona and Beezus is a hefty cinematic effort to get through , especially considering how audience-surveyed and clichéd the film proves
The true talent of the cast makes up for the too sweet and cute story line
It 's something that you would not be unhappy seeing on television , -LSB- but -RSB- there 's nothing that calls it for you to go see it on the big-screen .
A pleasant 1950 's old-fashioned family drama that 's gentle and adorable .
Honesty about the difficulties , both large and small , of being part of a family is what Ramona and Beezus does best , even if the rough and dangerous edges have been filed down .
Allen 's direction is bright and imaginative ; particularly enjoyable are the movie 's occasional flights of fancy .
Joey King will bounce back .
The film tries to appeal to audiences of all ages , and for the most part `` reels you in like a sea bass , '' as Ramona would say .
In this vision of Ramona , sincerity is decency and no mores , politics or creeds define those bounds . Screw irony , it 's a temp trend anyway .
Will enchant the ` tween girl audience for whom it was created .
-LSB- Ramona -RSB- deserves better treatment , fairer justice , than she gets in Ramona and Beezus , for no other reason than she 's the best thing in it : a rambunctious , bright-eyed mighty mouse with a kaleidoscopic wardrobe and an imagination to match .
`` Ramona and Beezus '' is easily the best family movie of the year , so far .
There are so many diversions and subplots , it 's hard to get caught up in any single story .
Sure , the film 's reality may be saccharine , but for a non-computer animated , non-3D kid 's film , we 'll take it .
Ramona and Beezus has enough charm to forgive it an unnecessary foray onto romantic-comedy turf .
It 's always a challenge for actors to meet the expectations readers have in their heads . These performances offer pleasure throughout .
Parents may also be happy to see a movie for children that does n't involve wizards , vampires or action figures that can be bought in the food court .
I ca n't think of another movie that captures rambunctious , freespirited modern little-girlness the way that this one does , and in a way that is n't dumbed down or sugared over ...
Successful on its own terms in its refusal to talk down to its pre-teen audience and through the massive future star-power of its talented young stars .
Gets right what most matters , above all Ramona herself .
Beloved book girl comes to life in sweet , kid-friendly tale .
The sweet sisterhood story based on the Beverly Cleary books does n't talk down to kids and presents parents as appealing and vulnerable .
Ramona and Beezus is the summer 's sweetest surprise .
Child actress King is a real find ; plenty of kids will be asking for a sequel .
This is a lively affair , largely thanks to the sweet and snappy screenplay by Laurie Craig and Nick Pustay and to the appealing performances by the cast .
As a fan of the books , I was skeptical that the movies could re-create their gentle , humane , messy spirit . But I 'm happy to report that Ramona and Beezus captures the characters almost perfectly and that Joey King is an ideal Ramona .
Relative unknown Joey King , as Ramona , is on the right side of precocious , using her adorableness in carefully measured doses . She easily carries the movie .
... a family film that really can be enjoyed by the whole family .
The resulting story is a jumble , and there are too many side characters , but golly if it is n't pretty darned infectious .
The more , where there could be less , has the story dragging its feet .
The overall effort is pleasant enough to sit through . Yet , with some pairing down of story elements in favor of increasing Ramona 's childhood imagination , the film might have become something of a cinematic classic . -LRB- Parental Review also Available -RRB-
As in the books , the Quimby family is instantly relatable and utterly irresistible , funny , touching , and completely endearing .
Appealing , funny , honest , and all that jazz , but who could have expected it to be this touching ?
King is good enough that you ca n't help but root for her . But frankly , I ca n't imagine paying full ticket price plus concessions for that privilege .
To say the film is sitcom-y is to belabor the obvious . `` Ramona and Beezus '' is a welcome throwback to the nuclear-family-centered sitcoms of the 1950s and '60s and a low-tech charmer , and the cast elevates it all , especially King .
Tenderness is n't a quality found much these days in the whirring-and-clanging busyness of family movies , which makes this G-rated gem 's emphasis on emotion and heart all the more laudable .
Here 's a summer movie release that 's not filled with big explosions or action sequences , and one of the few films aimed at kids that is n't animated or in 3-D .
Amiable but innocuous family movie , which would be more at home on a cable channel than theatre screens but should nevertheless amuse young girls and their mothers .
This is as intoxicating a G-rated family adventure as any I 'm likely to see this year , a captivating wonder from first frame to last , this movie a truly spellbinding delight young and old alike should equally revel in .
With her chestnut bob and eyes twinkling with mischief , Joey King looks the part & embodies the spirit of Ramona , diving into memorable set pieces with unadulterated joy .
King and Corbett both overplay their hands at film 's beginning but they develop great chemistry , know comic timing and settle in quickly .
Flooded with warm light and a radiant mood , Ramona and Beezus is a sunny series of charming escapades and subtle flights of fancy that capture the safe fusion of imagination and reality where all little girls should grow up .
Director Allen , whose previous film was the uninspired mermaid saga Aquamarine , tells the Quimbys ' story gracefully . She elicits remarkably honest performances from her younger stars .
This new Ramona prefers mischief without real edge . You always know her parachute has a silver lining , even in an economic downturn . She is , above all , safe . And that makes her nowhere near as entertaining or enduring as the girl on the page .
All of these moments are presented completely without cynicism or judgment , and their joyousness is infectious .
There 's nothing really wrong with it . But there 's nothing amazingly right about it either , unless , of course , it sends young viewers marching off to libraries to find the real Klickitat Street for themselves .
`` Ramona and Beezus '' is a small-scale story of life and learning , of setbacks large and small and triumphs major and minor . It is neither dark nor dour , but it also does not kid itself about the messy realities of life as part of a family .
Gingerly gentle and generic , it plays like a sweet sitcom , better suited to the small screen than the large .
This all sounds like uptight , grown-up nitpicking , probably . But it 's also a reflection of a weakness in storytelling , which is sad given the strength of the source material .
For the grown-ups there are sweet , sincere performances by Ginnifer Goodwin , Sandra Oh , and , as Ramona 's endlessly game father , the likable John Corbett .
Resistance is futile ; the movie 's relentless wholesomeness will batter down the defenses of all but the most determined curmudgeon .
To its credit and occasional folly , Ramona and Beezus is goofy and candy-coated like childhood , with only a pretend grip on real life .
It wo n't change anyone 's world , but it 'll keep kids happy -- and cool -- for a couple of hours .
With very little to differentiate -LSB- itself -RSB- from dozens of other movies meant solely for young girls , Ramona and Beezus certainly shows potential to be a better movie than it is .
The movie is not bad , but it 's not much .
Feels like being bound in a thick , homemade quilt , rolled up to a campfire , and smothered in toasted marshmallow goo .
My advice is to stay away from Elizabeth Allen 's bland and banal adaptation , which plays like a contemporary Leave It to Beaver without irony or ingenuousness .
A labored picture , eschewing the breeze of simplicity to cram all available chapters into a picture that eventually slows to a maddening crawl . To that , I fling a mighty `` Guts ! '' to the filmmakers .
We no longer all watch the same TV shows , we are no longer as innocent , and the world of Klickitat is fading into timeless nostalgia . Ramona and Beezus is a sweet salute .
Mostly it 's just Ramona making a mess of things , without the consequences of cleaning up afterward .
Newcomer Joey King is a blue-eyed dynamo who brings Ramona Quimby vividly to life and steals the show from her veteran co-stars .
There are more laughs in the average episode of Gomez 's Wizards of Waverly Place TV show than in this .
This proud graduate of the School of Cleary Classics wishes that , like the young heroine herself , Ramona and Beezus dared more often to color outside the lines .
She 's been brave and she 's been a pest , but until this adaptation of Beverly Cleary 's beloved children 's books , pint-size protagonist Ramona Quimby has never been so blatantly market-driven .
A loose adaptation of Beverly Cleary 's first novel in her beloved kid-lit series that 's wholesome to the point of being dull .
Teen star Selena Gomez as Beezus may have top billing , but the real star is Joey King as her younger , gangly sister .
A sprightly , generic kidpic that flattens and condenses elements from Beverly Cleary 's deservedly popular novels .
The cinematic adventures of Beverly Cleary 's pint-sized big dreamer comes up short on scope and imagination .




@highlight

If Ramona and Beezus fails to capture the essence of its classic source material , it 's sunny , sweet , and wholesome .