This movie absolutely ridiculous , but I had fun with it . For all its ridiculousness and silliness , it 's actually shot pretty well .
I watched Nine Lives the other day ... it was awful .
There is humour , there is fun and Nine Lives is honestly , quite enjoyable . It will put a smile on your face .
It 's difficult to describe just how unfunny this is , with the cat-based slapstick too obviously dependent on visual effects and director Barry Sonnenfeld clearly convinced he has another Big or 17 Again on his hands . Which he definitely has n't .
Please forgive me , and do n't go see Nine Lives .
A lot of movies are bad , and a lot of children 's movies in particular are very bad . Nine Lives is something else - it is wrong .
The thing is so darn retro , so darn , well , That Darn Cat , that it has a peculiar appeal .
Do n't go in expecting many laughs , unless you find alcoholism and talking pets funny .
Clearly aimed at a tween audience , this purported feline comedy is far from purr-fect .
An entirely forgettable movie . Who thought it would be a good a idea ? -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
There 's not a laugh to be had .
It will increase the adoption of cats , but the movie is not as funny as it wants to be . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The only reason for this film 's existence can be that some bright spark of a producer wanted to translate the appeal of cute cat videos to the big screen .
` Nine Lives ' is a light and entertaining comedy that all the family will enjoy . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A complete waste of time where only a few jokes and having Kevin Spacey in it , save the movie from being an absolute disaster . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Almost unbearable .
Nine Lives comes in on little cat feet
Perhaps only the most ardent feline fans will find Tom Brand 's adventures , funny , insightful , or even halfway engaging .
Nine Lives does a favour to us Kevin Spacey fans : who would not approve of having him trapped in the body of a cuddly cat ?
It is a mystery , though , why Barry Sonnenfeld -LRB- director of The Addams Family and Men In Black -RRB- and his cast were drawn to such skittish material .
After an opening-credits sequence of internet cat videos , the laughs are rare and thereafter , the story plods .
A film that leaves you with that sinking feline .
Like a bargain-basement version of Freaky Friday crossed with a cat meme , the comedy here is inert , despite the efforts of a psychotically chipper musical score .
The biggest tragedy here is the waste of an award winning cast in a ` comedy ' that , quite frankly , makes Garfield look like a modern masterpiece .
Nothing here looks like a genuine interaction between real human beings : Spacey may be the first actor to give a comedic performance in which his own smile looks like it had to be green-screened in at a later date .
A film that very much loses its way .
a puerile case study in lazy screenwriting and Hollywood star check-cashing
By the end you will quite possibly hate cats , Spacey , and the '80s .
Nine Lives is a real cat-astrophe for all concerned .
The script is stupid and debasing , subjecting the tycoon to numerous cat-piss and emasculation jokes after he turns into `` Mister Fuzzypants . ''
This cat-astrophe about a megalomaniacal New York City real estate developer and businessman -LRB- dingdingding ! -RRB- who finds himself trapped inside the body of a fussy feline called `` Mister Fuzzypants '' is , paws down , the year 's worst film .
Cat lovers young and old will eat it up like catnip .
If you 're looking for a grand metaphor for Nine Lives , it comes early on . During a chat about charity , Brand the sourpuss hisses into his phone , `` I really do n't care . '' No kitten . It takes on a deeper meaning within Nine Lives .
Do n't waste the one life you have on ` Nine Lives . '
The best qualities of this family comedy are that it does n't exceed 90 minutes and gives Christopher Walken a chance to say the words `` poopy box . ''
It may have a goofy premise but it 's funnier and more enjoyable than I expected .
It 's not that Nine Lives is terrible . It 's just that it 's not terrible enough .
The movie is bad in all the predictable ways . That 's probably why its strengths stand out . I 'm talking about Robbie Amell and Jennifer Garner as the neglected family members .
Crass as it is , I 've seen worse .
A Frankenstein 's monster of Hollywood 's worst instincts , a movie made with a math formula where its vision should have been . The fact of the matter is that you 're going to need nine wines to endure `` Nine Lives . ''
No matter how little you move or how much you try to block it out , it still manages to be an unpleasant experience .
The script is out to pasture , neglecting to address the interior lives of all of its characters , and failing to deliver a single good punchline . The limp direction lacks the wacky sensibility that characterizes Sonnenfeld 's best work .
The cast member you really feel bad for is the cat .
There 's no way this was intended to play in theaters .
EuropaCorp just wasted eight of its nine lives on this garbage .
This crass comedy smells like kitty litter .
The credits tell us that it took five screenwriters to pen the script , which means that they outnumber the laughs it generates .
Forgettable comedy has more drinking than you 'd expect .
Family audiences should not be fooled . This witless talking cat movie needs to go out with the kitty litter .
Let 's just say I have been to wakes that have elicited more laughs .
Very little of it makes sense , even when accounting for human-feline mind-swaps , and everything is cheap , from the recycled gags ... to the small , cramped sets and shortage of background extras .
To add insult to injury , the film actually opens with a montage of renowned cat videos .
It almost goes without saying that the cat-themed family comedy Nine Lives generates fewer laughs than 87 minutes of random cat videos off YouTube -- but it 's more surprising that the movie is less coherent and has lower production value
The film is dull , inert , and has maybe two laughs in the entire 86-minute running time . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Profanity , Crude Humor , etc. - Also Available -RRB-
Sadistic cinematic punishment . The folks at the Golden Raspberry Award Foundation have just been handed a masterpiece .
Less funny than the average cat gif and approximately 1,000 times as long .
Yes , Nine Lives is dumb . Yes , it 's for very young kids . Yes , Lil Bub has a cameo . And yes , I giggled anyway , as did the strange man next to me who 'd smuggled in his own fish-scented snack
In addition to listless direction from Sonnenfeld , and an overall feeling of cheapness and carelessness , Nine Lives also suffers from incoherence .
NINE LIVES is so bad that it seems the only way it could have gotten made is if it was randomly selected from a pile of unproduced scripts by a chimpanzee .
Well , it 's better than ` Suicide Squad , ' for what that 's worth ...
Even ` Cat Fancy ' subscribers will hate it .
Spacey , who is known in showbiz circles for his wicked improvisations , could probably have made up wittier dialogue in his sleep . He 's hamstrung by this glum paycheck dud , and so is everyone else .
If this was n't directed by Barry Sonnenfeld , and did n't star Kevin Spacey , I would assume it was attempting to recreate the so-bad-it 's - good success that is Sharknado .
Barry Sonnefeld , if you 're in some type of trouble , blink twice if you need help .

@highlight

Not meow , not ever .