An ambitious premise that only just falls short of genius .
This densely textured film by the writer-director team responsible for the sublime wartime drama Divided We Fall -LRB- 2000 -RRB- displays the same giddy blend of realist drama and bleak humour in the fine absurdist tradition .
When you understand its message , the film takes on a different level .
Forget Crash . This vivisection of race and class , set in the Czech Republic , offers no easy redemption , if any .
A sprawling comedy-drama that actually tries to say something -- not just about its characters , but about the Czech Republic and what it 's turned into since becoming a capitalistic society .
-LSB- A -RSB- fascinating but disjointed portrait of strained family relations in the modern Czech Republic .
Up and Down spends most of its time at the lower elevations .
Hrebejk suggests , through this tragi-comic film , that while things are rough now , they 've got to get better . I mean , they ca n't get much worse , can they ?
Hrebejk 's stylish direction and perfectly chosen cast make what might otherwise have been a depressing tale of post-perestroika working class woes into a melancholy , comedic riff on what it means to be European these days .
For an engrossing , funny , sad , cautiously hopeful portrait of post-Soviet life in Eastern Europe , look no further than Up and Down .
The movie asks us to see these people as humans and to forgive them for being human and doing to each other what humans beings do to each other . It 's a deeply humane film .
Serious stuff , to be sure , but hilarious touches abound .
The suspense of watching the storylines weave together -LRB- and occasionally butt heads -RRB- like a Czech-language `` Short Cuts '' makes for a compelling and darkly funny film .
While parts of ` Up and Down ' are effective , as a whole it does n't measure up to its laudable ambition ... the last word of the title proves more accurate than the first .
A dryly scathing examination of life after communism .
It manages the neat trick of being both charming and bilious , and its tart points about racism translate excellently into English .
The story 's lack of impact onscreen reflects its lack of impact on those of us offscreen .
Its many ideas never quite cohere , and it remains an admirable misfire ...
Hrebejk 's post-Soviet Czech Republic is more than a little like the American South , a conquered territory rife with old wounds and fresh indignities .
Hrebejk deftly brings the stories together , and does so without delving into sentimentality .
An excellent piece of work : Just do n't expect a rollicking farce
Høebejk claims inspiration from the likes of Mike Leigh and Woody Allen , and that can be seen in the surety of the characters , brought to life by an able cast that includes former Czech president Václav Havel .
From what Hrebejk appears to say , it looks like the Czech Republic has many of the same problems as reunited Germany , but his comic roundabout approach diffuses his statement
An accomplished film that uses dark humor to leaven its serious topics .
The point of view of the piece is a little muddy .
... the movie succeeds on the level of sheer entertainment .
Has moments of beautiful poignancy .
The three stories loop together at the end in somewhat predictable fashion but with real punch in at least one of the story strands .
Lacks any formulas or solutions , and is content to show us its complicated characters , their tangled lives , and the way that our need to love and be loved can lead us in opposite directions .
Hrebejk wrings real poignancy out of the screenplay 's wet rag of fateful coincidences and ill-fated relationships .
A handsome and stylish film with barely a false note in the performances .
Up and Down establishes its own personality , managing to remain ambiguous while neatly tying together the two narratives .
Pungent and spirited , Up and Down shows us a nation in transition that 's not necessarily a nice place to live , but it 's certainly worth a visit . Especially at the movies .
While the drama is rife with conflict , it 's also keenly funny at times .
It 's been a long time since a movie allowed so many diverse narratives to fold into so unexpected , unified and satisfying a story .
Its emotional tone may be up and down , but its clear-headed approach has straightforward snap .
It 's at least grappling with the kind of big , explosive questions that most filmmakers assiduously avoid .
A heady mix of rough and tender characters -- sometimes both at once .
Lacks objective throughout but its essence is both moody and bittersweet .
Mildly interesting as slice-of-life , but as drama it leaves too much to be desired .
It 's the work of a lively filmmaker with an instinct for illustrating the cruel absurdities of family life .
With great empathy for human foibles , filmmaker Jan Hrebejk shows that Czechs do n't always keep pace with their evolving , post-Soviet society .
Weaves the politics of borders into the comedy of human frailty ... seasoned with the everyday absurdities of artificial social boundaries .
Those comfortable with quickdraw transitions between brief light and heavy grit will find much to dig .
-LRB- Hrebejk -RRB- understands -LRB- his characters -RRB- on an intrinsic level , & sees their lives as the story of his country in the infancy of the 21st Century & the infancy of its democracy .
Up and Down is half of an apt title for this pointless and depressing ode .
Casting a wide net while remaining thematically coherent , Hrebejk 's film remains clear-eyed and satisfyingly complex right to the bitter end .
A bleakly funny and trenchant comedy .
At its simplest , Up and Down moves along nicely , following the erratic fortunes of its heroes , and it contains some good performances .
An absorbing look at a country still struggling to adjust more than a decade after the fall of communism .
The clumsy humor does n't translate well .
A biting , darkly funny portrait of xenophobia , poverty and social confusion that has enveloped the Czech Republic some 15 years after Vaclav Havel 's Velvet Revolution .
A compelling tale of everyday extremes .
Humor is found in the most unlikely of characters here , but most importantly , Hrebejk 's view of the everyman -LRB- and woman -RRB- reminds us that it 's a small world after all .
Hrebejk 's intricate view of modern Prague is continually absorbing .
Even with the humor , this is more of a downer than an upbeat story , an interesting slice of life , but does n't have an arc to the story or the characters .
Hrebejk and his screenwriter , Petr Jarchovsky , understand their characters too well to judge them .
The Czech Republic 's nominee for the best foreign film Oscar skips from buoyant satire to domestic melodrama , leaving behind a curious mix of emotions .
This fluidly paced film , with its keen observation of the confused longing for love , family and stability in an inherently unstable world , nonetheless keeps faith with the Czech genius for holding the tonal line between tragedy and the absurd .
One of the more humane and more despairing comedies you 'll find about race and class in contemporary society .
Always hard-hitting and often grimly , revealingly satirical .
Played so broadly as to be mocking .
Captures Prague life with a fervor that 's comical but a longing that 's serious ; no one is easy to pigeonhole .
Not exactly the toughest movie on the block , but especially compared to most American comedies , it conveys a sense of scrofulous rue .
An intriguing cross-section of the post-communist Czech people .


@highlight

A tragi-comic exploration of the universal search for stability in post-Communist Prague .