Although the comedy works , -LSB- its -RSB- detriments take away any heart that the film hoped to achieve , leading to an ending that finds the characters uniting out of exasperation , rather than any purpose .
I recommend it to some fans of the musicals , but no one else . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Fans of the stage play might have an invested interest , but with the exception of a few technical achievements , this is n't a musical with anything to say -LRB- much less sing -RRB- .
The essence of Sondheim and Lapine 's musical is there ; but you have to look for it carefully .
Fairy tales make terrible films . Yet four of the most famous ones have been violently mashed together and are now delivered , without pause , in that infuriating speaky-singy Sondheim register by celebrities who can neither sing nor , apparently , act .
More than anything else , Into the Woods feels like a clever fairy tale for adults - and yet another example of Disney 's curious effort to subvert its own past .
Into the Woods is a savvy piece of moviemaking that delivers Sondheim 's witty lyrics and intricate harmonies with style and clarity , while considering timeless fairy tale themes in all their glamorous , sinister glory .
... somewhere along each character 's traipse through the foreboding forest , the story just loses its way .
Rob Marshall 's star-packed Into the Woods becomes one casserole too many for the viewer : overly rich , its lavishly prepared ingredients not quite harmonizing and slowly luring the viewer into an impending carb coma .
It 's not , in any easily describable way at least , a terrible movie . It 's just a woefully forgettable one , staged with all the depth and flair of a halfhearted community theater production .
Arguably , it could have been shorter , darker and potentially more rousing . But that might have ruined the fun .
From its lengthy but rapid-fire opening musical number to Jack 's soaring `` Giants In The Sky , '' the project glows with talent , top to bottom .
As long as it is sending itself up , it is fine , but once the director takes it too seriously , it starts unwinding . Still , the musical numbers and sheer spectacle and size of the production keep it together .
Unless you religiously know the musical front to back , there probably are n't many glaring omissions to diminish your enjoyment .
When it comes to navigating how to be both a family-friendly holiday crowdpleaser and a faithful adaptation of a tricky but profound musical , Into the Woods is mostly golden .
That said , it 's an enjoyable ride , with Blunt providing warmth and wit and Corden his usual bumbling charm . But it 's Streep that lingers after the credits roll , with a portrayal of a cursed woman that has real pathos .
Marshall seems to have missed the point entirely , giving us one of the most straightforward , blandest interpretations of a satire imaginable .
It 's the best Sondheim adaptation , but that 's not saying much .
some of the violence and , in particular , more explicitly sexualized aspects of the original production have been eliminated or softened , although the overall tone remains decidedly dark and complicated
Disney has taken great care to make a movie musical that honors the source material and what a joyful journey it is .
Musical trip into the woods looks great , but where is the magic ?
The entire third act feels like a tacked-on verse that has no place in the finished song .
An enchanting picture that is grounded by its distinct profundity .
No amount of good acting , quality singing and clever songs can cover the fact that it feels like ... two movies stuck together .
The story never seems to end . It just keeps lurching on , anti-climax after anti-climax .
The movie may not deliver every Sondheim fanatic 's hopes for a perfect cinematic Into the Woods but it makes for at least a respectable , if not remarkable night at the movies .
A disclaimer : Despite a dizzying and delightful first half , the film ultimately devolves into a very grim fairy tale .
The third act , in fact , is practically one long effects sequence -LRB- and those are never tiresome -RRB- .
Sondheim 's contrapuntal harmonies and intricate wordplay may not leave you humming but they are full of beauty and rueful wisdom .
Disney 's enthralling , enormously entertaining film version of Stephen Sondheim 's 1987 Broadway musical comedy is such a joy it makes you wonder what took them so long ... Director Rob Marshall -LRB- Chicago -RRB- never puts a foot , or a note , wrong .
Meryl Streep luxuriates in her blue wig as the vengeful Witch who 's also a moral compass .
If it only exists for Sondheim fans , it exists well for them . Supposedly the man himself is happy with it , and so he should be . It treats his work with complete reverence , respect , and love .
Walt Disney and Stephen Sondheim make unusual bedfellows , despite a shared interest in folklore and fairy tales and other bedtime stories .
La Streep gives it some much-needed oomph , but just wishing upon her star power wo n't make your dreams come true .
I imagine it helps if you love the music .
Sondheim 's cleverness is fascinatingly at odds with a direct morality plainspoken enough for any children who may be listening .
Rob Marshall opens the musical up for the screen without going too far . It 's grounded , replacing razzle-dazzle with full-on emotion .
Spirited performances from an all-star cast and Rob Marshall 's deft handling of all things musical makes Into the Woods a fun watch , yet the giant problem of pacing and questionable moral centre stops it from becoming a classic of the genre .
... a superior example of adapting the stage to the screen .
Worth seeing .
Works on most of its profound levels .
It 's dark and it 's funny and it 's genuinely heartbreaking - in a world where no one believes in happy ever after , this is the fairytale we need .
Yet amid the cleverness and the wickedly subversive tilt they take , there 's an affectionate regard for all of their characters .
A layer of theatregoing good taste covers this entertaining if stately movie musical , based on Stephen Sondheim 's stage show , which opened in the US in 1987 and has been revived constantly since .
Into the Woods sets out to dazzle yet only leaves you wishing for more .
The film belongs to the divine Ms. Streep , who is by turns funny , vulnerable , philosophical and terrifying ...
There are brilliant , bewitching moments allied to hilarious and touching ones . Just not enough of them in what veers , at length , between the clever , the terrifying and the bit tiring .
It 's a pity and a sin , the songs are spread so thin But this really is a joyous film A delightful and surprising film It really is a joyous film Sondheim !
Thanks heavens for a terrific Emily Blunt who , as the occasionally tortured Baker 's Wife , seems intent on single-handedly battering the piece back towards respectability .
The musical threads in Sondheim 's score wind their way through the film effortlessly , and the performers relish the razor-sharp lyrics he 's given them .
With the exception of Meryl Streep -LRB- as the Witch -RRB- and James Corden -LRB- as the Baker -RRB- , the cast is bland , and the bombastic orchestrations tend to steamroll the nuances of Sondheim 's score .
Into the Woods is a magical film , one that combines the natural wonder of the fairy tales it portrays with terrific songs that simultaneously poke fun of those tales and lovingly embrace them .
Family entertainment with death , limb-lopping and other horrors . If you go Into The Woods today , you 'll be surprised how faithful this is to the dark stage musical .
... a neither here-nor-there Christmas holiday tent pole that , however well crafted , does not do its pedigree justice .
A film which , given its story and cast , is surprisingly pedestrian .
Outside of some delightful performances from bona fide movie stars , there 's little in Marshall 's Into The Woods to justify the leap to the big screen .
It performs its duties competently , benefits from some fantastic casting , and gives us some fun tunes to whistle on our way home . But Sondheim was hunting for bigger game .
All too often the film seems too much like canned theater -- a mere recording of a stage event .
If you go down to the woods today ... you 'll find A-listers dressed like ` Game of Thrones ' extras belting out showtunes .
`` Into the Woods '' gets long in the tooth suddenly , and some audience members will find themselves getting restless as the run time allows for too many unnecessary subplots
Woods gives a game effort but ca n't quite sustain it 's own momentum .
Contains no shortage of great actors , none of whom can do anything to distract from the film 's horribly awkward pacing or the apparent visual indifference of its director .
What is the price of getting what we wished for ? Are we happier for getting it ? In this case , the singing and dancing answer is , thankfully , yes .
It 's taken a long time for this stage musical to make it to the big screen , and while director Rob Marshall once again fails to give the story a sharp focus -LRB- see also Chicago and Nine -RRB- , he at least lets the music and characters shine .
Into the Woods sulks under a deadening series of moments in which characters sit around contemplating their fates with morose undertones , often boring the audience to tears .
-LSB- Marshall -RSB- just gets as much coverage as the budget allows , then throws everything into the blender -- so you wind up working against what you see on the screen , rather than letting yourself go with it .
The casting is great , the voices are clear , and the plot is easy to follow . The creativity shown with the overlapping lyrics and storylines also put a smile on my face .
It takes a while to get to happily-ever-after with so many storylines to wrap up , but there 's enough consistent charm to make familiar characters seem fresh again .
Ca n't help but be good based on the songs alone , but should have had more of an emotional and dramatic impact .
Stephen Sondheim 's marvelously intertwined tapestry of several Grimm fairy tales debuts on the big screen with an all-star cast -- and enough Disney tweaking to make it marketable to younger audiences .
This musical , based on the Sondheim - Lapine play has some good performances , but the story is a disaster . It reminds me of stories Saturday Night Live 's Michael O'Donoghue used to tell , like ` The Little Engine that Died . '
As a collection of musical performances , the film is pretty terrific .
Marshall has assembled an excellent crew , and it is clearly apparent that everyone who worked on `` Into The Woods '' is an expert in their respective fields .
Marshall struck gold in 2002 with his Oscar-nominated smash `` Chicago '' , but he followed that up with the disastrous `` Nine '' in 2009 . Now , with a superb cast spearheaded by the ethereal Ms. Streep , Marshall has another hit .
The movie is a watchable , tuneful contraption .
Marshall would be a better fit for an Andrew Lloyd Webber adaptation . I ca n't think of anything meaner than that to say about anyone .
Sondheim and his collaborator James Lapine ... have to sacrifice a thing or two within the House of Mouse . But their vision , of children 's stories reimagined for thinking adults , remains gloriously intact .
The negative is that , in order to make the film `` family friendly , '' some of the darker elements of the show have been removed .
Blunt 's Baker 's Wife , Streep 's effects-aided badness and underlying vulnerability as The Witch , as well as a fleeting encounter with Depp 's Wolf are the primary reasons to go into the woods .
The cast is uniformly strong , with Corden 's naive kindness and Blunt 's shrewd , quick thinking playing off each other particularly well at the movie 's center .
A terrible , misguided adaptation .
It 's a shame that work as sophisticated as Sondheim 's is left badly interpreted by a director who ca n't keep up with the subtext .
Any lack of daring is easily offset by the film 's exquisite storybook look , which is topped only by an outstanding cast that knows how to sing and , more importantly , have fun .
Meryl Streep can not reverse the curse . `` Agony '' was agony to sit through .
I 'm a big fan of Stephen Sondheim so I suspect I 'm an unusually tough audience for `` Into the Woods , '' but I liked it a lot .
`` Into the Woods , '' a movie adaptation of the Broadway musical , is one of this year 's best films .
For fans of stage and screen musicals , though , `` Into the Woods '' should be a big hit . -LSB- I am definitely NOT a fan ... -RSB-
Director Rob Marshall ... makes good use of Hollywood magic to make the fairy tale magic seem real in a way that is not possible on stage .
The music left this non-Sondheim fan cold , but the film does not have to rely on the music . I normally do n't like fantasy , but I liked this , despite a 180 degree turn from light to dark in the third act . That said , this is a movie that begs for 3D .
A fun and authentically original and trip into your favorite fairy tales . Acts 1 and 2 are terrific . The third act brings it down a bit .
Stephen Sondheim 's Into the Woods , as directed by Rob Marshall , from James Lapine 's screenplay , is movie musical bliss - better than Marshall 's Oscar-winning Chicago and so much better than his miscast , misbegotten Nine .
The production looks handsome , but Marshall 's direction renders it all a bit stiff , with no real passion behind the proceedings , and the deficiencies in the original source material are present and actually amplified here .
Marshall 's film captures enough of the emotions that course through this sneaky fairy tale about childish things like love , sex , grief , insecurity , abandonment , and forbearance .
Busy without being involving , energetic without having much excitement ... And the lesson is this : Everyone dies , sooner or later .
The emphasis is on sheer , overwhelming size , color , and spectacle . The music and dancing blasts from the screen like an assault . The plot and acting are frantic and oversized .
... a strange , wondrous brew ...
A jolly mash-up of symbol-laden , signature once-upon-a-time tales about lust , envy , greed , and misguided pursuits of happiness .
It does n't pack nearly as much of a wallop as `` Chicago '' or `` Les Miserables . ''
With its creative premise , terrific ensemble , mesmerizing visuals and dazzling musical numbers , it 's a dream come true for fans of the revered Broadway production .
Into The Woods is excellent proof that we , as a society , need to rise up and stop Rob Marshall from directing a movie ever again .
Sondheim 's fairy tale musical is dark , complex , sublime .
Into the Woods struggles to fine tune prior iterations for the big screen and find its own identity but it 's still an enchanting and entertaining musical experience .
While I 'll give it a slight recommendation , it just did n't do much for me . -LRB- Full Content Review -- Sex , Profanity , etc. -- for Parents also available -RRB-
It 's certainly a pretty film , with a real spring in its step for a fair amount of screentime , but once it begins to take itself seriously , `` Into the Woods '' is lost forever .
Entertaining , but ultimately unsatisfying adaptation of the Sondheim musical .
The film is , in some ways , more accessible than the stage version , which will make it easier for parents to bring their kids , even if some of the darkness of Sondheim 's original work is brightened in translation .
`` Into the Woods , '' the splendid Disney screen adaptation of the Stephen Sondheim-James Lapine musical , infuses new vitality into the tired marketing concept of entertainment for `` children of all ages . ''
`` Into the Woods '' could have taken a well-worn path toward stagey sentiments , but those who worried that Hollywood might drain the enchantment from the Enchanted Forest can live happily after .
A complicated , challenging retelling of classic fairy tales where having your wish granted may leave you worse off than you were before .
If you love musicals and adore Sondheim 's work , you 'll likely love it . However , if you 're not looking for the Broadway-on-screen experience , this is one to skip .
The sly send-up of fantasy tropes and healthy doses of humor help Into the Woods feel very much like the books and films it gently satirizes , even as it stands on its own as a solid entry into the musical-fantasy genre .
Neither Hollywood nor purely Broadway , Disney 's big-screen adaptation of the Stephen Sondheim musical `` Into the Woods '' finds an imperfect but charming , family-friendly home on Hollyway .
An entertaining , if awkward , adaptation of Stephen Sondheim 's hit Broadway musical .
Rob Marshall - who previously shepherded a glossy if slightly diluted version of `` Chicago '' to the screen - does a decent job transferring the material .
Sondheim 's angular , interval-hopping material feels like one continuous song interrupted by dialogue . The cast often seems to be talking over a musical score rather than singing .
It 's heartening that at a time when movie musicals are still an endangered species , such loving care has gone into bringing one of Sondheim 's most ingenious , affecting works to the screen without unduly compromising what makes it so special .
Mutlilayered ... Though any film adaptation of a classic musical is bound to be a mixed bag , Sondheim fans have dodged another bullet here with this impressive transplant , one that retains the play 's complicated moral character along with most of its music .
Something got lost on the way to the Magic Kingdom .
The central problem of the movie is one of redundancy .
As with Chicago , Marshall makes bold choices , but they pay off . His cast may glitter with film stars , but they work as an ensemble and keep their stories emotionally true against a terrifically rich orchestral accompaniment .
What makes `` Into the Woods '' so entertaining is the cleverness of the tale itself and the way specific characters match the talents of its storytellers .
If nothing else , `` Into the Woods '' will provide edifying sustenance for holiday crowds desperate to find a fitting movie to share with their family after the gift-opening and feasting is over .
Instead of being a rueful meditation on the inevitable disappointments of adulthood , the last act plays out as a generic dystopian bummer .
A mixed bag of clever twists on familiar storybook myths , engaging performances and forgettable songs .
`` Into the Woods '' is a paean to the primal magic of storytelling .
The long-awaited , star-studded big-screen version of Stephen Sondheim 's smash musical inspired by Grimm 's fairy tales retains much , if not all , of the original 's charm .
Not your typical Disney fairy tale , for better or worse .
For better or worse , this is your prestige crowd pleasing movie for the Christmas season .
The Stephen Sondheim-James Lapine 1987 musical Into the Woods has been transferred to the screen by director Rob Marshall with most of its complexities and light-dark tonalities intact .
Marshall has always had grand visions for his musicals onscreen , and he fleshes out the stage production of Into the Woods to extraordinary lengths , particularly in the production design -LRB- Dennis Gassner and Anna Pinnock -RRB- of the titular mysterious woods .
If the whole thing sounds ridiculous , at least Into the Woods is in on the joke .
Into the Woods is a grandly satisfying experience -- one rooted in old-fashioned storytelling , peerless songcraft , and a genuine respect for the viewer 's intelligence .
I left disenchanted and irritated by so many missed opportunities .
Chris Pine sends up his golden boy image as the Prince who 's charming if not sincere , his singing amusingly exaggerated with trills and flourishes , but his shared number with Rapunzel 's Prince begins the film 's mid section bog down .
They do that talkie-singing-singy-talking thing .
Into the Woods is eighty minutes of energy and joy followed by forty more of tiresome , by-the-numbers visual effects . The drop-off in quality is notable .
A delightfully-staged Disney musical that offers up a few great musical moments .
`` Into the Woods '' thankfully retains most of its wit and bite , and showcases two of the year 's very best female performances , from Streep and Blunt .
An amazing , fun , fantastic , hilarious movie ... for the first two-thirds of the film .
`` Into the Woods '' arrives on screen in a whittled-down form that keeps most of the stage show 's songs but loses much of its soul .
Does it work as a movie ? Thanks to a few cast members , the answer is - yes , and for the most part quite nicely .
For anyone who can appreciate the darker side of fairy-tales told in a musical with depth and nuance , Into the Woods is a journey worth taking .
A capable cast and some very fine songs , but parents should take note of the dark themes . This Disney movie ai n't kid stuff .
Into the Woods is a musical journey full of strong performances , a beautiful fairytale landscape and a story that is emotionally haunting . Climb up a beanstalk to see this movie musical .
Marshall , aided by James Lapine adapting from his Broadway book , reinvents Into the Woods as a zesty , cinematic experience .
What is celebrated is the art of storytelling and the bedazzling attraction of a killer cast , uninhibited acting , giddy escapism , attractive visuals and an extroverted score .
Steven Sondheim 's musical theater meditation on the complication , compromise , and carnality that adulthood brings to the fairy-tale world of children 's fairy tales , gently Disneyfied for younger audiences eager to sing along .
Some of the musical 's superfans will feel shortchanged by the movie no matter what , but you have to give credit where it 's due . The adaptation is pretty faithful to the original - for better and worse .
It 's a filmmaker and , by extension , an entire studio smartly and vividly understanding that genius need only be translated to a different medium , not tampered with .
The cast is top-notch , the story is satisfyingly dark , the performances are fun and , of course , the songs are terrific .
With archness and irony , `` Into the Woods '' goes deeper into the fairy stories , allowing us to see familiar archetypes in new and not so flattering ways .
Dark , wounded , spiteful , rich with retribution , rife with injustice and glorying in sudden death : does n't a pluperfect adaptation of a Stephen Sondheim musical sound like a brooding triumph we 've yet to have in movie form ?
Even if this Into The Woods lacks the exhilaration of the best movie musicals , it does capture the show 's emotional intimacy -- no small task in a field that favors razzle dazzle .
The only number -LSB- Rob -RSB- Marshall figures out is `` Agony , '' featuring studly princes Pine and Billy Magnussen ripping open a shirt button every time the chorus comes around while splashing about in water .
With Meryl Streep , Emily Blunt , James Corden , Anna Kendrick & Chris Pine leading the way , Into the Woods is an enjoyable romp through the world of classic storybook characters
Yes , the sets and costumes elicit swoons , but it 's the peerless Sondheim score , however truncated , that makes this Woods a prime destination .
This may be the version of this musical that fans want , but ... for those not predisposed to like this show it 's hard to see that the film will sway them to take multiple journeys `` Into The Woods ''
Once upon a time , I yawned .
We are now at the point where pop culture has passed Into the Woods by , stripped it for parts , and left it for dead .
Fans are sure to be pleased by what Marshall and screenwriter James Lapine have done here . If anything , my similar reaction to the musical and the film just goes to show how great a job they 've done in bringing it from the stage to the screen .
Great performances in a mostly uninteresting production .
A Grim , Glorious `` Woods . ''
Into the Woods left me out in the cold .
Into the Woods has a subversive nature that is not exactly simpatico with the Disney version .
It 's hard not to get swept up in the grand production of it all .
... musical numbers that veer toward the operatic , then turgid .
With its ominous gnarled trees and enchanted look , Into the Woods is a place worth exploring .
Disney 's film of Stephen Sondheim 's ironic fairy tale musical keeps the master 's gorgeous melodies , knowing lyrics , and finger wagging intact .
Director Rob Marshall simply cuts from one tale to the next , isolating his actors . There 's little sense that the fairytale space is a shared one -- it 's just a bunch of noisy incident transpiring in unrelated treestands .
For years , composer and lyricist Stephen Sondheim 's 1987 fairy tale mashup , written with librettist James Lapine , has hacked its way through the thicket of Hollywood development . And the movie now before us ? Here 's a relief : It 's good .
Rumbles on for too long and has some dry patches here and there-but just when we 're growing fidgety , we get another rousing musical number or another dark plot twist , and we 're back in business .
Falls off the stage .
With its Grimm-flavored sets and richly designed costumes , this Disney adaptation boasts a visual grandness . But dramatically , much of the magic feels drained from it all .
Dark and heavenly , sardonic and touching , the film melodically navigates its every narrative turn and tonal shift with the same grace afforded to its gloriously shrewd music and lyrics .
Into the Woods is a musical unruined by the transition from stage to screen , which is pretty much the best we can hope for when it comes to Stephen Sondheim adaptations .
Gorgeously mounted , well cast and beautifully sung , but cutting it down has robbed the musical of much of its heart
-LSB- Emily Blunt 's -RSB- the heartbeat of the film , providing it with its most winning and empathetic performance ... She 's the film 's most valuable player .
This is why she 's Meryl Streep . You give her some lyrics and choreography and she 'll just do them better than anyone else . Now she 's doing it in prosthetic makeup , an unwieldy costume and visual effects too .
In this overlong musical , Red Ridinghood is so obnoxious that she drags down the movie .
`` Into The Woods '' has its moments , especially any time Streep is on screen , but as it strains on at an overlong two hours , the glitter of fairy tale movie magic diminishes , leaving only a pale shadow .
The less time spent in his woods the better .
This is a really entertaining film overall , doing justice to Stephen Sondheim 's fun , skewed look at the world of fairy tales .
Into the Woods is still worth the trip : It 's comfort food cooked by a master chef . Nothing fancy , but it will leave you full .
I can still slightly recommend Into the Woods for its genuine entertainment value for the majority of the picture , and for the strong performances that almost salvage the weaker final third .
Fine family fun , as you 'd expect from Disney , -LSB- that -RSB- dishes out some spectacular song numbers , heart-lifting performances , and even some belly laughs .
Over-scaled , too dark and only intermittently charming .
Corden is a wonderfully funny , self-effacing bloke - I 'm thrilled at the prospect of seeing him nightly , hosting his own show after Colbert . Maybe he 'll have Emily Blunt as a guest . It 's her movie .
This PG-rated romp is , refreshingly , less notable for its happily-ever-afters than its oh-no-they-didn ` ts .
Marshall delivers Into the Woods to the screen dutifully , but what 's lost is the real point of the show as an exploration of storytelling - & the playfulness too , in both senses , for stage Sondheim is both ludic & fully mindful of its own status as play .
Tuneful and enchanting ... Dare I say it 's even better than the stage version?Because Stephen Sondheim 's intricate music and insightful , tongue-twisting lyrics are crystal-clear .
The life lessons are delivered with insight and heart , the rightfully beloved music is well handled and the cast is so enthusiastic that we can excuse some rough patches .
The first hour of James Lapine 's adaptation is so wholesomely fulfilling . When the story takes a sudden , yet awkward shift into `` serious '' and more adult territory , this Disney produced spectacle struggles to find its footing .
This movie always seems to distance itself from that existential truth that was at the core of Sondheim 's original .
Into the Woods is a strangely patchy and episodic affair . Some of it is dazzling ; some of it would barely pass muster in a provincial Christmas pantomime .
Entertaining and far funnier than I expected , although when Johnny Depp is the most subtle thing in your movie , you know you 've gone a little too far over the top .
The first two-thirds of the film , which are like the Brothers Grimm 's Greatest Hits on laughing gas , have a fizzy , fairy-dust energy .
There 's no genuine heart beating at the center of the film . It 's a dutiful but perfunctory adaptation , sapped of vim and spirit .
The stage musical delightfully reminded audiences that while happy endings are possible , you should always be careful about what you 've wished for . Now comes the movie version , and it 's a singing and dancing manifestation of both of those ideas .
Rob Marshall rekindles the fire of the movie musical with the exceptionally performed , exquisitely designed Into the Woods .
This is n't a happily ever after kind of fairytale , but it seems that Marshall and Disney have n't really come to an agreement on what kind of story it should be and crucially , who it 's aimed at .
It 's all vigorous fun , a wonderful , wintry entertainment , but its branches catch at your heart .
If so much as one tween viewer adds Sondheim to his or her iPod playlist alongside the likes of `` Let it Go , '' all will have been worthwhile .
This twisty fairy-tale mash-up shows an appreciation for the virtues of old-fashioned storytelling , along with a welcome dash of subversive wit .
A darkly comic , sneakily touching tale of a collection of fairy tale icons who discover how hard it is to find a happy ending ... ably demonstrates the staying power of Sondheim 's 28-year-old tunes and the mythic resonance of Lapine 's storytelling .
Do n't expect to be humming the tunes afterwards ; most likely you will remember the quirky ideas , the fabulous set design , Meryl Streep 's blue-haired witch and handsome Chris Pine as Prince Charming who is a real scene stealer as he hams it all up

@highlight

On the whole , this Disney adaptation of the Sondheim classic sits comfortably at the corner of Hollywood and Broadway -- even if it darkens to its detriment in the final act .