The film is quiet but vibrant , and Ira Sachs does a lovely job coaxing images to life out of stillness , and tenderness out of situations that might seem barren of it .
There are lovely moments but the end result lacks the revelation and , indeed , the resolution to find a commercial audience . A pity given all the hard work involved .
There 's no easy resolution to the story , and Sachs does n't try to impose one . Instead , he offers a wistful coda in which Life , inevitably , goes on .
Little Men builds gradually and honestly , eavesdropping on real conversations tinged with anger and sometimes bitterness .
Little Men jangles with warmth and loss , and if it tells a story about New York we 've heard many times before , the story it tells about childhood - about how people turn a corner and vanish - stings at least as much as it sings .
Ira Sachs 's lean but potent film is the kind of story that works wonderfully well on its own .
-LSB- Little Men -RSB- is a sobering look at freedom and creativity , neighborhoods and borders , and what fathers leave behind .
Though the performances are strong across the cast , with even Taplitz finding the emotion in his otherwise largely blank Jake , the film seems lacking .
Little Men is a poignant reminder that the changes in the places we live often come at a cost to someone else .
Like a masterful painting , the viewer is presented with quotidian tales of the haves and have-nots and the underlying truth the dynamic exemplifies about the bigger societal picture .
As was the case with Love is Strange , Sachs observes these interpersonal dynamics with an evenhanded gaze , refusing to fully condemn any of his characters even when they act in selfish and untoward ways .
As a referendum on gentrification in Brooklyn , the movie can occasionally be a bit tedious . But the entire cast is strong , especially Michael Barbieri .
Bravo , Ira Sachs , for the fine direction and co-writing .
Acting is not the problem here . The story is the problem . It takes aim at some serious issues , but does n't have the guts to really address them . Instead , the story skittishly skates around the issues it raises , and quits before it gets ahead .
This is not a Disney movie with a teary resolution and all sins forgiven . Sachs is more interested in the nuances of relationships , the power of childhood friendship ...
It 's safe to say that -LSB- Ira Sachs -RSB- is in the midst of his peak storytelling years . Do not miss out on them .
In Little Men , director Ira Sachs demonstrates how a pebble dropped in a puddle can create a tsunami .
Its smallness makes it grand and moving . These are the things , these little moments , decisions and consequences that most human lives are made of , after all .
Ira Sachs is a director of uncommon empathy and insight . His latest explores the perils of gentrification and the wisdom of the young .
As a picture of ticking intergenerational lives and their complex movements , it 's as exact as a watch .
As with Love is Strange , Sachs shows his love of little moments , nuanced behaviour and unforced , if occasionally forceful , performances , with the turns from the lads oozing with naturalism .
It 's a well-told tale that comes together nicely in the last half-hour .
Little Men could 've easily been called Life Is Strange - and , like its predecessor , much hinges upon the work of its cast .
There are no cliches here .
A beautifully-observed account of friendship and human frailty .
a wonderful film
Sachs demonstrates his ability to make fantastic character dramas , with an ear for realistic dialogue and a satirical swipe at the middle classes .
As it moves calmly but deliberately along , the power of the dilemmas facing each of the main characters grows stronger . Inexorably , you ca n't help but be drawn in .
A compact and purposeful 21st-century parable of miscommunication motivated by economic anxiety , cultural identity , real estate resentment and personal antipathies and insecurities .
A bittersweet charmer .
A film that bases its energy on its inherent habitat rather than on aesthetics , deploying with truthfulness , pause and sensitivity the way coexistence can be generated and broken . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A small and unpretentious film in which everything is realistic and credible . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A distinctly New Yorker film on adolescent friendship and the apparent failure of maturity that has great performances . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Little Men is a deceptively intimate drama that presents itself as a quirky coming-of-age story .
`` Little Men '' has an amazing cast . It 's one of this year 's best films . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A modest work of a refulgent human scale that is one of the best movies of 2016 . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Barbieri in particular is superb : he has a soulfulness and petulance , like a kind of teen Pacino .
Sachs captures the concentrated joy of youthful larks and loyalty but he is as wise as Fassbinder ever was to the impact of economic and social pressures on our emotional choices .
There 's a lot more to Ira Sachs ' indie drama Little Men than initially meets the eye .
Sachs 's less-is-more directing style does make for some stunning moments between Jake and Tony where the mood crackles with a low-wattage hum .
A film of deep human dimensions and Sach 's consolidation as one of the most important authors of American cinema . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Greg Kinnear , Jennifer Ehle and Paulina García nail flawed adulthood , though young leads Theo Taplitz and Michael Barbieri steal the show .
Sachs 's preoccupation with real estate may be a trifle bourgeois , but the films that result are finely tooled little gems .
Little Men may have something of the scale of a novella rather than a full-blown drama , but its insight is considerable , its impact poignant and lasting .
This understated drama thumbs its nose at the business of gentrification with delicately calculated movements .
Taking care not to present any of the characters as saints or villains , Sachs builds up a complex and beautifully performed portrait of modern urban living that feels honest and true .
Rich , thoughtful and affecting , this is absolute top quality film-making .
A real charmer of a film .
The balance , wisdom and generosity displayed hereabouts is enough to propose Sachs as a modern master .
If you 're fed up with death and destruction in the movies , of superheroes and mutants and plots to destroy the planet , Little Men is the perfect antidote .
Following up Love Is Strange with another slice of urban bohemia , Sachs ' latest is another gem that 's full of heart and warmth .
Beguiling and sad but also a tough pill to swallow , it 's about good people reluctantly competing for what they want , and how circumstances can be a friendship 's best friend , but also its worst .
Alongside Woody Allen 's neurotic humour and Scorsese 's blistering grit , Sachs is becoming a quintessential New York director , capturing the heart of this great city .
Little Men is composed with scrupulous observational intelligence and care . It is really engaging .
Sachs indicates the boys ' easy rapport with joyous travelling shots showing them breezing through the Brooklyn streets on scooter and roller-blades . By contrast , the relationship between the boys ' parents is full of awkward friction .
The film 's sheer delicacy exerts a continuing fascination .
Quiet but engrossing .
Shoring together small moments from the lives of believable characters , in a manner free of special effects and fluky plotting , and with the same dramatic and visual gusto one would apply to an epic is what independent filmmaking should be all about .
This is an utterly human movie , the sort of character-driven project that 's harder and harder to find these days .
A remarkable subdued kitchen sink drama , that resounds with touching realistic characters and awkward real-life situations .
It would be hard to find two such coming-of-age movies as charming , warm and smart as Little Men and Morris From America .
Little Men is the flip side of so many great coming-of-age films that bring their young protagonists into an awakened state via a rocky journey . Sometimes maturity and perspective comes at a cost that does n't deliver a happy ending .
We can empathize with these people , because none of us is ever convinced that we might be the childish bad guy or the stubborn holdout or the inattentive neighbor ...
As in the films of the French New Wave 's Eric Rohmer , nothing cloying happens here , nothing plainly engineered to elicit emotions . But emotions are elicited - moral and ethical concerns are addressed , examined , defined .
Sachs is a wonderfully humane filmmaker . There are never out and out saints or demons in his films , but richly detailed , relatable lives offered for us to understand .
Nobody 's a monster here , and that 's the subtle , aching rub of Little Men .
Sachs does n't push the tragic aspects of `` Little Men , '' but they 're there , looming behind the life-goes-on vibe of the final scenes and waiting for you to work it out on the way home .
`` Little Men , '' barely 80 minutes without its end credits , feels right in its size and scope , even when you would n't mind an extra beat or scene or two for each character .
Little Men is fleeting and generously introspective in its one hour and twenty-five minutes .
Led by terrific performances and a frightening understanding of passive-aggressive combat , `` Little Men '' is a modest drama with unexpectedly robust emotion .
Questions like , `` what is family ? '' and `` what is money ? '' are dramatized with delicate , elusive craft through the handiwork of craftspeople doing what they do best ... lovely and hopeful , but shattering .
Ira Sachs ' latest , like his last , looks at how New York real estate affects a male couple ... cinematographer Óscar Durán 's overhead shot of the Jardines ' neighborhood with Manhattan rising in the distance makes magical use of that elusive hour
Gentle , generous and heartwarming but also clear-eyed and sharply observant .
In Little Men , -LSB- director Ira Sachs -RSB- broadens his universe with a textured portrait of two families reluctantly at war in which the fallout poisons the friendship of their teenage boys .
A sensitive and dramatic rendering of how two Brooklyn boys become emotionally literate .
An impressionistic portrait of people trying to get along .
The grief of displacement and financial inadequacy is real and devastating and informs much of Little Men , but so too does the equally authentic exhilaration of young friendship in the big city .
The most remarkable thing about Ira Sachs ' richly textured new film `` Little Men '' is how it manages to be about so much , and yet so little .
A heartfelt drama that has a lot to say .
Little Men has only one big dramatic scene , but it 's a shot to the heart , so piercing because Sachs was patient enough to define all his characters fully before unleashing it .
Exquisitely observed .
Little Men is a sweet , deceptively slight movie about boyhood friendship and parental conflict set against the backdrop of a gentrified New York .
Little Men sticks its landing , implying something new about a major character without invalidating what came before . And that 's no small feat .
With a firm grasp on the duality implicit in its title , `` Little Men '' is a story that 's neither tragic nor triumphal in the way it resolves itself , but rather one that 's sadly , even satisfyingly true .
Sachs expands his social consciousness beyond the gay ghetto ... a sign of social progress and the ultimate class assimilation . In Little Men this diversion takes the sting out of the first friendships that many gay men experience as first love .
Beautifully observed ...
The movie is as interesting as spying on your neighbors during the most interesting 85 minutes of their lives , as well as a sensitive look at what it 's like to be 15 years old and have no control over anything .
The rewards are plentiful , as the film offers a perceptive glimpse into socioeconomic challenges , artistic struggles , family bonds and childhood innocence .
A small film with a big heart , Ira Sachs ' Little Men captures in tandem the intimate beauty of young friendship .
Little Men offers its greatest quality : its understanding of how kids will be kids , but also how , eventually , they wo n't be .
It 's time to realize that Ira Sachs is a modern master . Little Men , with its two boys racing at life with the brick wall of maturity still at a distance , is truly an exhilarating gift .
Quiet drama has serious themes , well-drawn young characters .
Little Men is extremely powerful in its own right , with its devotion to its characters ' differing perspectives so refreshing in an increasingly black-and-white world .
The film 's most dramatic moment is one of its quietest : Dad sits down with Jake in the boy 's bedroom ... apologizing not so much for his handling of the situation as for the cruel complexities of life itself .
By the end , Sachs has raised urgent questions about immigration , classism , gentrification , loyalty , family and nascent sexuality - but he 's done so utterly organically , via 10 square feet of city . Lovely .
A touching , sometimes wrenching drama in which two schoolboys try to remain best friends while their parents struggle with a commercial dispute that threatens to tear both families apart .
Sachs ' latest is ... warm , subtle , and observant , but feels a little undercooked .
The antagonists all make persuasive arguments . Sachs , co-writing with Mauricio Zacharias , is careful not to demonize the families or trivialize their sentiments .
It 's a no-win situation in which no one is the bad guy - a gentle , intelligent oasis in this summer of heated name-calling .
Little Men needs no explosions , no CGI , no dramatic pyrotechnics . It just sneaks up and wallops you .
As always , it 's about finding drama in the pauses .
The restrained script from Sachs and co-writer Mauricio Zacharias takes these boys seriously , without one whiff of condescension , and places value in life 's mundane miracles , like forgiveness and the love of a true friend .
The younger characters are so full of life , and the older ones so full of trenchant but predictable talking-point issues , that it sometimes feels like a middling movie encroaching on a good one .
The movie 's stakes are small , but do n't let that fool you . This is a nuanced , thoughtful drama about people figuring out who they are . They 're just , you know , little .
Ira Sachs ' latest is that rarest of beasts : a truly hopeful heartbreaker .
It does n't eventually add up to much , but the acting is deeply sincere , and I was touched in unexpected places .
With Little Men , Ira Sachs proves himself one of the foremost movie chroniclers of modern-day New York .
It 's amazing `` Little Men '' only runs 85 minutes . Somehow it 's both economical and open .
An even more relatable story of real-world people and the troubles in which we frequently find ourselves .
A treat grows in Brooklyn .
Sachs , a clear-eyed humanist , honors all his characters ' pained perspectives .
Sachs achieves a wondrously natural feel to the film that embraces complexities and contradictions while refusing to create heroes or villains
Little Men is yet another coming of age story that warmly remembers what it was actually like to come of age .
Director Ira Sachs transforms the smallest blip on life 's radar , a childhood friendship , into a momentous occasion .
The best reason to watch `` Little Men '' is Michael Barbieri , who musters a blend of soulfulness and aggression that would be remarkable at any age . The danger for any Sachs movie is that its humane quietude could slide into dullness . Not with this boy ...
Arguably among the most authentic movie treatments of the adolescent 's world .
Well-acted , but under-written and forgettable .
Sachs specialises in low-key melodrama , creating moments of joy and sadness so casually that they take you by surprise .
Little Men has a lightness of touch which belies its formidable powers of observation ; frequently insightful and superbly performed , it presents us with a rainbow of recognisable humanity .
The performances are great , to be sure , but it 's really the careful observation underpinning this script that stays with you .
Ira Sachs ' sensitively drawn Little Men occupies a rarified space of total emotional truth
A warm , honest , mellow movie , and Theo Taplitz and Michael Barbieri , the two young actors at its center , are terrific .
The contrast between the straightforwardness of these kids and the roiling , mixed emotions of the adults is simple , even archetypal , and it works .
Not only a charming , joyous cinematic experience but a profound and moving one too .
The characters are all flawed and do n't always act with nobility and altruism , but even as they undercut and condescend each other , the director Ira Sachs maintains a moral high-ground , treating his characters with respect even when they do n't .
Little Men has a melancholy edge , but it 's not really a depressing film . For all the despair onscreen , what remains afterwards are its luminous characterizations and big-hearted filmmaking .
Leaves us moved in an offhand , almost accidental manner .
The beauty of `` Little Men '' - and of the director 's work in general - is that it displays a rare understanding of how the world works .
The humanity Sachs and his actors depict is profound and leaves a mark .
A deceptively small movie that sneaks up and slays you with its emotional authenticity .
Ira Sachs ' `` Little Men '' is a little movie brimming with little truths about modern life .
Small and intimate it may be - and Ira Sachs ' Little Men is more compact than his last slow-burn hit Love Is Strange - but there 's no end to the discreet pleasures on screen here .

@highlight

Little Men takes a compassionate look at the ways in which adult problems impact childhood friendships -- and offers another affecting New York drama from director Ira Sachs .