It has its pleasures , but they are guilty , indeed .
The hero is autistic , a wizard at math , an expert at martial arts and an
ultra-skilled sniper who is leading a double life . But all this is not enough
to make The Accountant a film worth seeing .
The question `` Do you like puzzles `` often get asked a lot in The Accountant ... well this movie is one overly elaborate puzzle where none of the pieces fit together .
The Accountant is messier than its multitude of gunshot wounds to the head .
Descends to the level of a Marvel comic .
Like WoIff , if you as intrigued by incongruity and inconsistencies in people 's behaviour , you will love this wonderfully made thriller , that unfolds like an enchanting fictional puzzle .
The Accountant is an out-and - out action film and action film buffs wo n't be disappointed by the use of heavy duty guns and armour piercing bullets which turn the climax into a veritable battlefield .
Starring Ben Affleck and Anna Kendrick , it was always going to be watchable , but I can promise you that as you settle down to it , nothing can prepare you for the journey on which you are about to embark .
Math-Man Begins includes an ACCOUNTING MONTAGE and gets progressively stupider as it goes along , which means by the end you 're pressed to hold back howling laughter .
Affleck is suitably awkward as Wolff , bringing a hint of innocence to the character 's danger .
It 's a clever film in that it twists and turns in relatively new ways , but it may be a turn too many for some .
Whatever numbers game The Accountant is playing , it does n't add up .
If it 's free and you 're hungover on a Sunday morning someday when this is streaming , go for it . But otherwise , save your Fandango dollars for a movie that makes more sense .
The Accountant is one of those movies in which a lot seems to be going on , but not much actually happens , aside from some bombastic action sequences designed to show us how amazing Affleck is .
It leaves so many plot holes and loose ends flailing about I wonder if the hope is to turn this into a franchise ? It definitely seems to set itself up for a sequel no one will want to see .
The Accountant is , like The Girl on the Train , not a great film , but totally worth seeing .
All the origin-story stuff , mysterious machinations , and even action-scenes come off as calculated contrivances in the end .
This bonkers but brilliant premise means this is one of the more preposterous action movies of the year . It 's also one of the most entertaining .
Chunks of the narrative seem to have disappeared ; in their place are rhetorical questions meant to bridge the gaps .
At best , The Accountant may be worth checking out for its very personable ensemble . Led by the deceptively mild-mannered Ben Affleck , they elevate the film above the standard B-movie entertainment .
Director Gavin O'Connor has made some tough , decent dramas about the frayed bonds of family and subcultures , but it takes ludicrous steps to get The Accountant down to that fundamental level , and once there the film barely registers .
While at 128 minutes , we can not credit The Accountant with being efficient , it clips along at a good pace and true .
With strong symbolism and character credibility , it is easy to overlook the mishaps and to overall enjoy The Accountant .
One or two elements fall short and a few reveals may seem obvious , but -LRB- this -RRB- is something of a surprise in a box office overstuffed with animated family flicks and superhero hijinks .
Eschews any semblance of exploring an antisocial man in a heightened situation in favour of a stock-standard , twist-oriented action-thriller .
Smartly directed , with a nice twist in the story , `` The Accountant '' rests squarely on the shoulders of Ben Affleck .
Affleck 's dead-eyed performance is weirdly inert and awkward , and he looks uncomfortable , like he 's trying not to laugh , or holding in a fart on a hot date .
A very entertaining movie , which you will enjoy in a rainy afternoon . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film that can be entertaining , mainly because Gavin O'Connor already had demonstrated that he can make good movies with ridiculous premises and here confirms that ability . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Just once it would be refreshing if a movie about a genius treated the audience as if they had half of the protagonist 's brainpower .
Unfortunately this one runs out of steam and becomes more of a shoot now , ask questions later -LRB- or never -RRB- flick .
We commend the lens work of Ulsterman Seamus McGarvey while the inventive flourishes in Bill Dubuque 's script drag it away from schlocky crime-novel tendencies .
Ben Affleck -LSB- is -RSB- an autistic savant who 's a whiz at maths and a dab hand at killing people , too ... as plots go , none of this exactly stands up to forensic scrutiny , but the film 's manifest flaws do n't detract from its incidental pleasures .
A pleasant surprise within the genre . With unexpected twists , a good mix of suspense and construction of characters . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
By over-complicating , while simultaneously dumbing down , the story and by adding too many extraneous characters , The Accountant underserves a decent sounding premise .
A movie that wants to take itself too seriously or wants to look smarter than it actually is but it never bored me and kept my attention all the time . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film that has a committed great cast that makes the absurd points of the movie be passed without major complaints . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Unlike its lead character , The Accountant ca n't get all its numbers in a row .
At least , in its determinedly populist way , this violent character study makes you think .
Ben Affleck gets to play Will Hunting and Jason Bourne in this superhero origin story for adults ... Besides the incredible skills , we get a secret lair , double identities , even a shot of identical suits lined up in a closet like Batsuits .
This ill-computed action thriller is daft , laboured and over-complicated , containing as much back story as it does present day plot .
Deeply silly but undeniably entertaining .
As a bang-bang movie , it 's a blast -- but oddly unfulfilling .
The Accountant fails to fully develop any of its ideas , ultimately delivering a series of half-baked concepts .
Hopefully the inevitable sequel will plug some of the plot holes .
Scores big for daring to be a little different , but is ultimately undermined by being just that little bit too contrived .
I like being challenged as a filmgoer but there 's too much going on here .
` The Accountant ' does n't quite add up .
No , the ending of The Accountant does n't quite add up . But as a puzzler-thriller with pretensions to smartness , it still does the business , just .
The dubious composition of Affleck 's character leaves a foul taste in the mouth .
While this slick dramatic thriller plays with some intriguing ideas and themes , it never actually breaks the surface , relying on silly plotting and simplistic moralising .
So convoluted , confusing , and overly crammed that it 's overwhelming , and not in a pleasant way . But Ben Affleck 's autistic action hero is fascinating .
In The Accountant , blatancy overtakes sincerity ... absurdly convoluted , this film stays blatantly politically correct .
Completely bizarre , but all the better for it .
You 'll enjoy it - count on it .
Rain Man meets Batman in The Accountant , an enjoyably silly action movie starring Ben Affleck as an on-the-spectrum forensic accountant who doubles up as a secret vigilante .
Ben Affleck will have relished the idea of subverting the image of the mild-mannered pen-pusher , but this drama from Jane Got a Gun director Gavin O'Connor ties him up in knots with twists and turns that all add up to zero .
Is two hours of this hokum a worthwhile investment of your time , not to mention the cash-flow implications ? On balance , probably not .
The Accountant is n't unenjoyable but you do n't believe a word of it .
A fantastically convoluted , over-extended but watchable action thriller whose many dangling loose ends , subplots and side characters are finally tied up with a showy flourish .
This improbable thriller starts out strong but quickly becomes bogged down in unnecessary plot twists .
Some films are so ridiculous that they entertain in spite of their stupidity . Ben Affleck 's The Accountant is a classic case in point ; a supposedly serious , even muscular thriller , boosted by an A-list cast that quite simply does n't add up .
You could forgive The Accountant most of its foibles if it did n't hinge on a late twist which can only be described as preposterous , and which fatally deflates the drama at a critical moment .
The Accountant boasts an appealing central performance from the redoubtable Ben Affleck , but is elsewhere lumbered with sluggish pacing , a surfeit of narrative detail , implausible coincidences , -LSB- and -RSB- tension-deflating flashbacks .
Neither conventionally well-made nor avant-garde enough , The Accountant is caught in a limbo where it lacks the appeal to satisfy either general or niche audiences .
Violent fun , punctuated by laugh out loud moments and unexpectedly strong drama .
The one equation it never manages to balance is the one that says making a film about Asperger 's Syndrome being more or less a superpower equals a rip-roaring and completely non-problematic jape .
This cast deserves better than a faux - '70s action thriller . Tedious and forgettable .
... there 's something undeniably appealing and entertaining about this wholly ridiculous meld of bone-crunching action , off-the-wall characterisation , and hard won sentiment .
Sadly , Kendrick has little to do in the film 's second half , which gets bogged down in a pointlessly complicated plot , much of it relayed in an especially clumsy flashback just before the climax .
The result is a film that , in spite of its title , simply does n't add up properly .
This is a well-acted , written and directed film -LRB- directed by Gavin O'Connor of ` Warrior ' -RRB- with lots of action and a bit of humor too . Writer Bill Dubuque -LRB- ` The Judge ' -RRB- does a nice job of developing all these characters .
As an action thriller , the Accountant does little more than balance its books .
The Accountant is one of those rare , guilty-pleasure exercises in empty escapism that effortlessly gets on your good side and remains there .
The casting of Ben Affleck as a genius maths-assassin may not add up , but The Accountant proves he can carry films as if they were remainders .
Perhaps its worst violation , in a deluge of cinematic crimes , is the so-called twist , obvious about an hour before it 's finally confirmed with an exasperated `` ugh , finally , is it over yet ? ''
A drama and thriller with action , suspense and a message , where Ben Affleck plays a man with autism . This film can be a breath of fresh air for the genre . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A very odd film that unfortunately results quite closer to ridicule than geniality . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Any such understatement the character has is not in any way indicative of the film , which is far too unsubtle in its execution .
`` The American `` R '' rating is earned gleefully . If someone were to do the math on close-range headshots , this flick surely would go Top 5 . '' - -LSB- Reviewed by Lachlan Marks -RSB-
There are clever touches , effective moments and enjoyable performances but Gavin O'Connor 's film never gels into a coherent or believable whole .
Be prepared to be startled : this thumping thriller is full of dark themes , secrets and unexpected revelations
Stylish and slick in the best sense of both words , it makes us welcome the idea of a franchise . -LRB- One is clearly intended . -RRB- J.K. Simmons , Jon Bernthal , Jeffrey Tambor and John Lithgow highlight a strong supporting cast .
The Accountant is entertaining junk .
A strong first 2/3 devolves into a final third which is almost entirely retroactive exposition .
Accountants are good for trawling through an overly complicated mess of information ... Which is , coincidentally , exactly the kind of accountant that this film really needed .
A thriller with an original script and an interesting protagonist . This film is entertaining and full of potential but falls short of ambition . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film that focuses on the most uninhibited entertainment , with unexpected plot twists that seeks to surprise with each new scene . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The film dumps every cliché of the brilliant eccentric into a blender with every cliché of the stoic action hero .
Ben Affleck is Agent Double-OCD in The Accountant , an effortlessly dumb thriller barely more entertaining than an audit . Until it 's time to pick it apart .
`` The Accountant '' is a well done action thriller that never lets up on its fast pace and mayhem .
It 's problematic -LRB- to say the least -RRB- , but it 's hard not having moderate fun with a superhero whose powers are perfect aiming , martial arts and ... accounting ? -LSB- Full review in Portuguese . -RSB-
I totally dug it when Affleck 's accountant dispatched people with Batman forearms to the face .
-LSB- I -RSB- enjoyed almost every single second even in the face of unparalleled ridiculousness .
A thriller full of delirium and cheap verbiage that conceals any trace of sense of narrative . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Has a really great idea at its center , but surrounds it with enough plot for three movies -LRB- Splice Today -RRB-
The uneven plots and characters turn what could have been an original idea into a generic action flick .
Save your receipts . Ben Affleck is The Accountant , and you do n't want to get on his bad side .
A film where Affleck 's performance is truly outstanding . I would say that is his best movie so far . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A movie to watch when you have nothing to do and that 's it . It fails at being ambitious and trying to be something bigger . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Ridiculous yet entertaining .
Lacks A Connected Story And Entertainment
Maybe there 's a leaner version of The Accountant lurking in its slightly overlong structure , but you wo n't mind all of its excess when all of its killin ' is so damn good .
The Accountant is , begrudgingly , a pretty good time , especially once its solemnity gives way to its kitschy ode to familial pain .
Cold , shallow and preposterous . It 's a squandered opportunity to tell a rich , engrossing and sophisticated character-driven story for adults .
... a well done thriller that does not lag ... with a sensitive look at autism .
In a time when moviegoers ca n't seem to escape the onslaught of sequels , remakes , and reboots , `` The Accountant '' comes as an exclamatory lesson in careful wish making .
The movie is n't some wicked subversion suggesting that the world is so corrupt that the bad guys are really the good guys . Rather it 's a movie that ca n't figure out what might constitute a good or a bad guy in the first place .
Smart movies offer intriguing setups , unique characters and tantalizing plot pirouettes . The Accountant is a smart movie . Smart movies also avoid offering imbecilic narrative coincidences and imploding third acts . Alas , The Accountant is n't THAT smart .
There 's an interesting premise here but the filmmakers never fully take advantage of it .
Piles up plotlines like an overbuilt house of cards that comes crashing down at the first well-earned guffaw of ridicule .
Ben Affleck continues his action star cred in this fun , but violent look at an accountant for the mob who also knows how to kill when he has to .
a flabby , overlong film with an earnest mission
Simply think `` Rain Man '' mixed up -LRB- and that 's certainly the correct term -RRB- with a lot of guns and no time to watch Judge Wapner .
The Accountant should be a straight-ahead thriller , but the film keeps tripping over its own incompetent feet . Maybe it was made for adults , but it sure does n't feel like it was made by them .
`` The Accountant '' is entertaining enough . I enjoyed the characters and storyline and particularly liked the ending , which I found endearing rather than false in its efforts .
`` The Accountant '' lacks the electricity and urgency of his best movies . Then again , Affleck does n't direct here -- that 's left to someone else who lacks the star 's ability to create tension and completely immerse the audience .
Instead of books being cooked , it 's the disjointed , coincidence-heavy plot that does a number on a story that ultimately fails to add up .
For every moment that feels overly self-serious , there are two that promise this thing 's some kind of pop-schlock classic .
A movie so clear-eyed in its singular , stupid vision , I honestly ca n't believe it made it all the way from the page to the screen , with a real director and major studio attached . It 's a strange kind of shrug-worthy miracle .
Some plotholes for sure but the film is surprising and entertaining . Ben Affleck at his best .
If able to overlook its many faults , the uncritical viewer may find it a passable escapist thriller even if its absurd .
You may enjoy The Accountant . You may even be able to do so in spite of the stupidity of its assertions .
So fragmented and contrived that it does n't add up ... .
Affleck plays a math wiz whose position on the autism spectrum allegedly makes him a perfect assassin . That notion is offensive on so many levels , especially in the service of such low-grade crime fiction , that it 's painful to watch .
There 's so much exposition that we pause near the climax for a bunch of dialogue just to get through it .
A movie that could easily have been familiar , disposable entertainment but is made with sufficient competence and energy to capture the viewer 's attention and linger a little after the end credits have rolled .
Without Affleck 's impressive performance , ` The Accountant ' would n't total much more than a standard crime thriller .
I found the offering far better and more engaging than I was anticipating , with solid work from all involved . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Profanity , etc. - also Available -RRB-
The Accountant makes for a solid , yet unremarkable , action flick that ca n't live up to its higher aspirations .
A didactic epilogue and schmaltzy exit song are n't quite enough to provide redeeming sociopolitical correctness .
The role calls for an actor who can summon affability and piteousness but burnish them with a scary edge , and Affleck lets all three qualities hum quietly just beneath the surface throughout the film .
... does n't offer much of a return , regardless of the offbeat potential of its premise .
Whoever cut that theatrical trailer should be given an Oscar . They made a confused , frustratingly muddled picture look coherent .
The Accountant is laughable , but when you 're not laughing at it , you 're laughing with it . It 's enjoyable enough .
The Accountant should dispel any notion that Affleck is n't a solid actor . To deny that is just pure hating . Do n't hate .
Affleck 's portrayal of autism is a surface-level impersonation , but the character and his quirks make for compelling entertainment - especially in the film 's second half , when numbers , bullets , and fists fly furiously .
`` The Accountant '' was written by Bill Dubuque , who also wrote `` The Judge . '' Both have blandly predictable stories , but they also take time to draw interesting characters with full histories and emotional interactions .
A lot more fun than Batman v Superman . Affleck and Kendrick have nice chemistry .
Director Gavin O'Connor handles all of this efficiently but the protracted screenplay and unlikely story twists do him no favors . We 're left with a cluttered , unsatisfying mess .
Ben Affleck is back with yet another superhero story ... Astonishingly , it 's his worst yet .
Few probably knew that balancing the books could be such a lethal endeavor , or that such a cockamamie idea , especially with the normally tacit and wooden Affleck , could translate into such a satiating pleasure -- a guilty one .
The plot twist helps it add up . Barely .
` The Accountant ' has its flaws , but the marketplace for action movies for adults has shrunk and , when an above-average one does show up , it is a banner day for fans of the genre like myself .
Ben Affleck as an autistic savant plagued by homicidal tendencies not only works a wicked magic , it feels like the franchise character the lumbering Beantowner was born to play - if only because he 's emotionally inaccessible .
The cluttered plot aside , factoring in an uncommon protagonist -LRB- well-played by Affleck -RRB- and 2 surprise twists in the 3rd act , the film still lands in the black .
It 's a very silly movie that takes itself absolutely seriously , and that 's sort of the problem .
The Accountant wants to be a thriller , a shoot - 'em - up , and a sensitive argument for neurodiversity all at once . What it actually is is stupid .
The supporting cast , which includes JK Simmons , Jeffery Tambor and John Bernthal are fine , and it 's intriguing and fun for a time . But the ludicrous ending kind of ruined the whole experience for me .
Exciting , sometimes funny , and with several appealing performances in a story about human connection and loss and how we strive to feel complete and make sense of our lives ...
This probably sounded like a surefire idea for a franchise , but there are so many plot twists that the narrative comes to resemble a Möbius strip . That would n't be so bad if at least the twists made a modicum of sense .
Unfortunately for those looking for a different kind of hero , The Accountant 's promising premise is subverted by hackneyed genre conventions and third-act silliness that set up the character for more big-screen adventures .
... a decent 90-minute thriller trapped within the confines of a bloated , two-plus-hour mess .
The Accountant does n't really amount to much , mostly sticking to boilerplate , standard action setups as some really great actors regularly pop up on the screen ... but it does have something legitimately special in its hero .
an adult popcorn thriller that gets more mileage out of its hero 's affliction that its last twist , but that 's not a bad thing . Here character trumps plot .
Mr. Affleck , we ca n't get you on the Batman set yet . Would you settle for a ` Bourne ' - type movie about an accountant on the Autism spectrum ? No , we 're not joking ...
Affleck might have the makings of a franchise that could grow with his mind along with his physical acting skills .
What could 've been a great , fun , no-frills high-concept action flick is instead something far more mediocre and frustrating .
A character study as much as a ruthless shoot - 'em - up .
Feels like a total misfire from top to bottom .
Has many fine scenes but too often dawdles when it needs to put on some speed .
The Accountant starts from nowhere and reaches nowhere as it keeps oscillating between a good idea and an average execution . The film seems longer than its 120-minute length .
A wonderfully made thriller that satisfies on every level . And I 'm betting it will prove even more enjoyable upon repeated viewings .
As he did with `` Warrior , '' O'Connor plays with the borders of genre .
The Accountant , which stars Mr. Affleck as a math savant/marksman/martial artist who uncooks books and kicks backsides , is an effective and even affecting pop thriller .
Even if the movie does n't add up , it 's fun .
It 's like Iron Man , if Tony Stark had never stopped selling arms to the bad guys .
Does the film ultimately add up to good entertainment ? I leave you with the wisdom of former accountant Bob Newhart : `` My theory of accounting was that as long as you got within two or three bucks of it , you were all right . ''
Poorly conceived and woefully executed , almost on par with Affleck 's notorious bomb , `` Gigli . ''
Like a high-toned Jason Statham movie without the cool-ass fight choreography .
Action movies do n't get weirder or more nonsensical than The Accountant , which straddles corporate chicanery and psychological thriller in the dumbest ways possible .
With its chilly atmosphere , unhurried pacing , minimal music , and close attention to behavior -LRB- not just the unwavering routines of its main character -RRB- , this movie could 've been made in the 70s .
If you 're going to make the first mainstream movie about autism since `` Rain Man , '' maybe do n't feature an anti-hero who 's highly adept at shooting people in the head .
It plays sort of like Batman meets A Beautiful Mind meets The Thomas Crown Affair , and if that sounds like a glorious but entertaining mess then you 've summed it up just right .
If you 've ever seen his regular-guy nonchalance as a liability , forget it : Affleck is controlled , coiled , ready-to-strike brilliance here .
The Accountant results in a well-made film that entertains and mostly satisfies . It includes great acting , a plot that keeps you guessing and even some humor between the cracks . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The Accountant a moderately effective action movie with good actors delivering a fun enough time , but it gets bogged down in lots of too-clever-by-half writing honey traps .
-LSB- T -RSB- his is a movie in which the concept of a unique character is just that -- a concept .
As Christian , Affleck is a mixed bag . Sometimes he plays him with an appropriately affectless and reticent quality . Other times , he ca n't resist letting loose a bit of his Affleck charm .
Entertaining and preposterous .
The Accountant mulls autism and a little art , and there 's a sentimental pull that , I will admit , got me , just a bit , right at the very end .
In the end , with all its tortuous twists , The Accountant still does not add up .
For an action picture , this is uncommonly crafty and observant .
Watching Ben Affleck 's Christian Wolff make numbers do his bidding as he grapples with a world he is n't completely at home in ... is so entertaining it 's hard not to wonder if Warner Bros. has a sequel in the works . Would n't be a bad idea .
The production deserves credit for expanding on clichés , but all the dramatic expansion eventually gums up the works .
The Accountant is so many baffling things , most -LRB- but not all -RRB- of which can not be described in a positive manner .
A lot of action and a little charm can go a long way .
If you like R-rated violence with lots of humor and just enough substance to keep your brain engaged , this stylish thriller will do nicely .
At its best , `` The Accountant '' reads like a gloriously loopy unpublished novel that some daydreaming CPA wrote on his coffee breaks . But in the end , the numbers do n't add up .
A noisy , disjointed financial thriller that sets up Affleck and Simmons as competitors but fails to unite their plot strands into anything resembling actual thrills .
While it plays out , The Accountant is often confusing , rather than engagingly baffling . The movie 's sum is less than some of its parts .
In the end ... we 're left thinking about how much better it could have been .
Hold the audit : The thriller ever-so-slightly succeeds because it has the smarts to bask in its own ridiculousness .
This thriller ... is so preposterous and unnecessarily convoluted that it has you scratching your head and pulling your hair ... in frustration and disbelief .
Slip beyond the unusual premise , and the film is an odd but coherent mix of story-driven detective movie , character-driven financial thriller , action drama and understated sardonic comedy .
Affleck makes passivity magnetic as he negotiates ever-shifting situations and dispatches foes with a ruthlessness James Bond would applaud .
Ben Affleck 's numbers just do n't add up in The Accountant .
A real treat for action fans and a terrific vehicle for Ben Affleck .
Though it 's nothing more than a brainless action thriller that grows increasingly preposterous as it proceeds to a ludicrous conclusion ... if the movie does n't entirely add up , it can provide some dumb fun along the way .
Fresh and delightfully offbeat , `` The Accountant '' proves that a thriller can be complex and nuanced while fulfilling its mission to entertain .
True to the profession it sets out to glamorize , `` The Accountant '' takes advantage of its share of creative loopholes - and manages to break even in the process .
It 's fashionable to pile on Ben Affleck , an activity that has been film criticism 's favorite all-season sport for more than two decades , but -LSB- here -RSB- he reminds us once again that he is a genuine talent .
`` The Accountant '' is all over the place . It 's an odd , thickly plotted , two-faced action movie .
Part character study and part airport-novel nonsense , `` The Accountant '' ca n't quite balance its B-movie instincts with its more artistic aspirations , ultimately hamstringing a potentially juicy , escapist shoot - 'em - up .
I 'm not ashamed to admit that I had a lot of fun at this movie .
When the story is just focused on Affleck is when The Accountant is at its best . In fact , the scene where he does actual accounting is my favorite scene in the movie .
It goes very far south , with two plot reveals that are among the most ludicrous that I 've experienced in quite some time .
This could have been the most original and emotionally engaging action movie since The Bourne Identity , but it does n't quite add up to the sum of its parts .
Starts out with a familiar cops-and-crooks , espionage-movie feel but quickly corkscrews into something with more twists , turns and puzzle pieces .
Taken on its own , `` The Accountant '' works its way from a state of enjoyable popcorn suspense to a pitch of absolutely preposterous - but still pretty enjoyable - nonsense .
At various times , The Accountant aspires to a slick corporate-espionage thriller , a no-nonsense action flick , a tortured family drama , a quirky romantic comedy , and an earnest PSA about autism . At nearly all times , it 's preposterous .
Who knows why Mr. Affleck , looking appropriately dead-eyed and miserable , committed himself to this laborious ultraviolent brain tease of a crime thriller .
The action is surrounded by increasingly far-fetched and clumsily delivered exposition .
Director Gavin O'Connor gives old-fashioned story-telling polish , avoiding shakey cameras and excessive angst in the male lead .
Yes , I pretty much followed along with the mess-with-the numbers story of this accountant , a math genius with Asperger 's Syndrome
Movies like The Accountant are a rare breed these days . Here we have an action/thriller with an uncommonly complex narrative that requires close attentiveness . How refreshing .
It 's an exciting and multilayered thriller that challenges -LRB- strains ? -RRB- audience members ' minds while entertaining them with intrigue , action and humor , even though there are times when things do n't exactly add up .
Much better than you expect it to be , The Accountant is a fun time despite its weaknesses .
The Accountant is , if nothing else , singular in lending an action-movie cliche an absurdly peculiar and elaborate backstory . `` I like incongruity , '' Wolff says in one scene . The Accountant does , too , but maybe a bit too much .
A few pieces ca n't be made to fit , and two of those are big ones . But the rest of the story has been well-constructed , and the picture it gradually reveals keeps you guessing up to the final scene .
Two hours of grimly serious puzzle-box dramatics and beat-downs starring Ben Affleck as an Affleck-shaped void .
There are worse movies .
If nothing else , The Accountant will tide us over until Affleck 's next stand-alone Caped Crusader adventure , The Batman .
Madness abounds in The Accountant , an intense , intricate , darkly amusing and action-infused thriller that does n't always add up but who cares , it 's BIG FUN .
Far more potboiler thriller than prestige picture , but Affleck is fun to watch in this against-type performance .
The story is well-woven , violent and complex for most of the duration , bringing in a supporting cast peppered with top-notch professionals .
`` What is this ? '' shrieks this film 's villain -LRB- John Lithgow , bringing on the full , hammy Lithgowness -RRB- at an unfortunate moment in the laughably bad The Accountant . You 'll know exactly how he feels .
In short , it 's a smart idea turned into a dumb movie . `` The Accountant '' - apologies in advance - just does n't add up .
A frequently frustrating but surprisingly entertaining genre mishmash that 's at least upfront about its central conceit : Ben Affleck is definitely , 100 percent going for it as Hollywood 's first autistic assassin .
Ben Affleck delivers a subtle , intriguing performance in The Accountant , a film that 's as much a character study as it is a showcase for gun battles and hand-to-hand combat .
O'Connor 's direction is perfectly in sync with the script 's twists and turns . He makes Wolff 's hunt through arcane financial records as exciting as a climactic shootout , and both scenes are riveting .
If Ben Affleck had n't already landed the role of Batman , `` The Accountant '' would have been a formidable audition reel .
Part action thriller , legal procedural , autism drama and mismatched romance , it is strong in parts but less than the total sum .
Headshots , math problems , and pained social interactions ? Yes , please . The Accountant is the world 's first Asploitation film , and pure schlock genius .
When the exceptionally acted `` The Accountant '' works , glimmers of a far superior film shine through .
A clever and compelling , multi-layered masterpiece deserving serious consideration come awards season !
The running-gag emotional expression of another of the film 's autistic characters pretty much sums it up : ` Heavy sigh . '
What could serve as the year 's most preposterous mainstream release .
Scripturally messy , medically problematic .
Ben Affleck plays an ass-kicking autistic man who travels the globe under a series of aliases and performs elite maths for some of the world 's most dangerous people - this is a real thing starring real people and made with real money .
A convoluted potboiler that dares you either to engage or to laugh at it . Engagement turns out to be easier than you might imagine .
By the time push comes to kill , the ingenuity - or perhaps it 's just cleverness - of the central concept has been reduced and abandoned for the sake of generic action moves .
The whole thing 's ludicrous , down to the last loony twist , but it 's also a lot more fun than Batman v Superman .
Ironically , by not attempting to oversell thrills , Gavin O'Connor has produced some of the few genuinely exciting action scenes of the year .
Embraces its idiosyncratic and icy reserve before immolating it with a four-blowtorch attack of dopey sentiment , clunky exposition , unsurprising `` surprises '' and illogical twists . After 128 minutes , the promising setup feels four films ago .
Everything 's so crammed and asphyxiating you ca n't help leave wondering if the filmmakers wanted you to think this was meant to launch a franchise or what in the hell .
Where The Accountant really succeeds is exploring the emotions and coping mechanisms of a protagonist on the autism spectrum , plot points not often seen in the macho action genre .
This 128-minute slog from Warner Bros. is not only as boring and forgettable as its yawn-worthy title suggests , it 's as messy and uneven as the studio 's recent slate of blockbusters .
The action and fight scenes are better than average .
Goes about its noble-killer business with all the excitement of an IRS audit .
A drama so familiar and formulaic that even the most timid viewer will be comforted . Or , more likely , anesthetized .
Not surprisingly , in a shoot-em-up with a huge body count , nothing escapes unmarked -- even the actors ' reputations .
Ben Affleck 's action-thriller is plagued by muddled and convoluted storytelling , and a general lack of action .
O'Connor demonstrates the right way to handle such material , elevating what is essentially an exploitation movie into a zen character study , one that takes its pound-of-flesh antihero seriously .

@highlight

The Accountant writes off a committed performance from Ben Affleck , leaving viewers with a scattershot action thriller beset by an array of ill-advised deductions .