Everything does work harmoniously for the majority of Closed Circuit , to create the exact taut mystery of governmental corruption and legal system loopholes I desired .
The progressively intriguing atmosphere is heightened by the inclusion of several standout sequences ...
The film 's attempts to expose flaws in the criminal justice system or give insights into the war against terror seem superficial , but Closed Circuit is entertaining in a sub-Hitchcock way .
I think this moves at a rapid pace . I think it has got really good performances .
This is a genre I usually enjoy and while CLOSED CIRCUIT has some shortcomings it 's a thought-provoking thriller .
Layered with strongly crafted characters , and snaking thriller plot , the results are compelling , thought provoking , and highly entertaining .
A story that hinges on a point of legalese is every bit as dreary as it sounds .
The real star of the film is the camera , forever peering at the actors from across streets , around corners , behind windows , and through gates .
Even allowing that the shortcomings of tactfulness are partly what it 's about , the film 's own tactfulness feels vaguely unsatisfying .
With superficial characters , this look at the British justice system is a dour disappointment .
A twisty , attention-demanding legal thriller , it works for about half its length before the plotting and plausibility suddenly , inexplicably turn to water .
If this is indeed the time to ask hard questions of ourselves and our government , Closed Circuit should n't be the film we turn to for inspiration .
The trailers have sold this film as a slick thriller , but unfortunately Closed Circuit is more chamomile tea than Red Bull .
An entertaining reminder that legal affairs are rarely black and white .
Closed Circuit may tackle some heavyweight issues but it ends up feeling lightweight .
Some moody night-time London location work from cinematographer Rob Hardy almost saves the day , but overall it 's a losing battle .
Closed Circuit is too full of play-acting to resonate with our jittery moment as more than a skit , perhaps because half its cameras feel as though they 're pointed in the wrong direction .
The gunmetal cinematography and sleek backgrounds plunge us so quickly into Conspiracy Central that we immediately assume the worst of every police officer , judge and cabinet minister .
This London-set political thriller is a damp squib .
Enjoyment of this film rather depends on believing that our security services might not only be corrupt but so inept that a young female barrister could overpower an agent with a licence to kill , and a 14-year-boy could easily escape from a safe house .
Closed Circuit zips along nicely and has a decent stab at being a serious contemporary thriller , but feels too contained for its far-reaching ideas .
Eric Bana and Rebecca Hall are as engaging as ever , and the film raises intriguing issues concerning the ` War on Terror ' ; pity the plot descends into the ridiculous .
It plays as cut-price Le Carré ; a recording of a recording of superior films . The picture is fuzzy , and the plot becomes garbled .
John Crowley emails in his directing : `` Get actor A to say his line , then get actor B to say hers . ''
Let down by clunky dialogue , plodding direction , a stultifyingly dull performance from Eric Bana and a lack of chemistry between the two leads .
Paranoia reigns on the streets of London in this drab , noir-tinged slog with Rebecca Hall and Eric Bana .
It 's a slow-burning , well-acted thriller that 's only really let down in its third act : an unsatisfyingly limp denouement that fails to convey what 's at stake with any sort of suspense .
Plot black holes quickly emerge and start to suck all believability out of the film .
Ultimately , the far-fetched plot is its undoing , crippling what could have been a compelling insight into the dirty works of the security services without recourse to over-familiar action setpieces .
It 's too plodding to work as a paranoid thriller and too ham-fisted to work as anything deeper ...
Ropey performances , join-the-dots plotting and nail-shreddingly awful dialogue .
With Eastern Promises and Dirty Pretty Things , screenwriter Steven Knight has proved his ear for London 's darker rhythms . Here , though , there 's little to raise the pulse .
Tangled plot short-circuits Closed Circuit
` Closed Circuit ' is an enjoyable , rather quiet British thriller with no pyrotechnics or superheroes . Instead , it 's more of a courtroom drama about politics and cover-ups .
Part of the film 's problem is that the emotional core of the story comes with its own case of closed-circuitry . But , do n't get me wrong -- it 's not a total miss .
A lot of classy talent is involved -- and so expectedly on point are their efforts that one almost overlooks the overall rote and mechanical workings .
Subdued yet suspenseful , a timely conspiracy thriller .
Pretty solid in an old-fashioned sense , a movie committed to refined , quality storytelling without a whole lot of extra heft .
A dreary and derivative thriller that is nowhere near as smart or controversial as it clearly believes itself to be .
In its best moments , Closed Circuit evokes '70s paranoid classics like Three Days of the Condor but without anything particularly new or unique to add on to the old cynical story of how power corrupts .
Three Days of the Condor showed us why we should n't trust the government nearly forty years ago , and it still feels fresher and more relevant than this film .
Provocative yet muddled , it 's a character-driven thriller with more talk than action .
Even though the film 's plot completely unravels in the last half-hour of the movie , I still enjoyed the set-up enough .
If you 're going to do pulp , do pulp . Do n't dress it up in something serious .
We 're probably not inspired by these characters to be better people , but we are reminded through them of how much harder it is to stand by our principles in life 's biggest moments when we have n't had much practice doing so day to day .
Eric Bana and Rebecca Hall provide solid performances but a muddled story makes Closed Circuit a political , but not very thrilling , political thriller .
I wonder if the constant repetition in an entertainment context of the idea that government is corrupt and deceitful inspires weariness , resignation and even acceptance in the public mind , rather than outrage or a demand for reform .
Intelligently constructed , well acted espionage drama .
There are enough genuine moments of surprise to make this genre exercise an invigorating one .
It may leave you feeling underwhelmed , but the journey to get there is well worth the ride .
`` Closed Circuit '' peters out too early to be truly memorable , but the film is nevertheless an entertaining legal at a time when theaters could use something good to sell .
Sharp ensemble work ups this thriller 's intelligence quotient .
Crowley 's deft ability to build suspense is Hitchcockian in nature , from the explosive opening to the unexpected ending .
Taut and timely spy drama .
The only one delivering any kind of intrigue here is Jim Broadbent . But one interesting character does not make a movie , and this one is a real yawner .
All the ingredients of a good thriller are here , they just never come together and Closed Circuit does n't deliver .
Director John Crowley should apologize to his cast , especially the underrated Eric Bana and Rebecca Hall , for mismanaging this story . What could have been an exciting international thriller is instead a head-shaking , poorly-executed bomb .
A disappointingly mundane , run-of-the-mill , this-conspiracy-goes-all-the-way-to-the-top sort of mystery , albeit a briskly watchable one .
A thoroughly watchable film for fans of British political thrillers , Closed Circuit is tense and fun , even if it 's not a work of genius .
The run time , at 95 minutes , is far too short for all the information we have to ingest . Director John Crowley is juggling too many characters and stories to keep all the balls in the air .
I 'd gladly pay to see Jim Broadbent do pretty much anything , but even he ca n't save this taut , stylish , but finally meh foray into the shadowy landscape of high-echelon statecraft gone haywire .
Though tense and well acted , `` Closed Circuit '' misses the mark on a few fronts .
The film will never reach classic status like `` All The President 's Men '' or `` The Falcon and the Snowman '' , but it 's well orchestrated by director John Crowley .
In short , it feels unoriginal . And yet , thanks to all the highly skilled personalities involved , it 's still exciting to watch -- much like re-reading a great whodunnit even though you know who did it .
The lawyers are supposed to be former lovers , but the film does n't allow the leads to display any chemistry ; likewise , it does n't generate any suspense from its tried-and-true conspiracy premise .
The movie is low-key but each scene is packed with information . Full understanding demands full attention .
It 's storytelling informed by sloppy , absolutist thinking , and it lends one more uncritical voice to the many who seem unable to distinguish between kinds and degrees of evil ...
The somber tone conflicts with the far-fetched story line , sapping it of the energy it needs to effectively sell its twists and turns .
Going from passably engaging to annoyingly familiar , the movie kneecaps itself midway , suddenly feeling the urge to increase pulse rates when its legal maneuverings are far more appealing .
Even if the movie does n't make any big statements , it tells a story well enough that it does n't need to .
stumbles , falls , and then goes splat
It 's Michael Clayton-lite .
It does n't really have any grand message other than ` government is kind of shady , ' but the microchip implanted in your brain by the NSA could have told you that .
For a movie about terrorism and the way government spies on its citizens , `` Closed Circuit '' is surprisingly yawnsville .
Ca n't make it up whether it is John Le Carre or Robert Ludlum . It ends up as quite a mess .
It 's a film that eschews intrigue and insinuation for government agents who monologue about the dangers of free speech and fair trials while garroting their victims .
This officious , aggravatingly overexplained drama gets more washed out and dull as it goes along .
It has a chillingly matter-of-fact cynicism that is very au courant .
Closed Circuit raises highly pertinent issues about our descent into 24/7 surveillance and what can happen when a democratic government targets its own citizens to keep its secrets secret .
A riveting thriller that reveals the widespread use of surveillance technology in the war on terrorism .
wants to argue for its post-millennial , post-modern import . Instead , it can barely hold its own - legally , logically , or logistically
This may be worth a look for those who enjoy a nice proper British mystery on the telly . Yet as it stands it would be near impossible to recommend going to the cinema or paying a costly VOD price .
... if you can keep up with the arcane British legal process ... it 's an entertaining thriller highlighted by fine acting .
`` Closed Circuit '' ultimately feels like a cynical attempt to capitalize on security-state anxieties while examining them in only the shallowest ways .
Rife with convenient coincidences , predictable plot contrivances and breathtakingly perfunctory revelations .
Directed unfussily and well by John Crowley , `` Closed Circuit '' has enough on the ball in terms of atmosphere and crafty performances to take your mind off the gaps in logic .
`` Closed Circuit '' is steeped in the details of English law , and rather than being obscure or arcane , these details ground the film and give it an authentic air .
The classy cast , especially Broadbent -- who keeps earning his 2002 Oscar over and over -- keeps things watchable , but `` Closed Circuit '' grows increasingly contrived .
Closed Circuit will engage you from the explosive opening frames . It may also leave a deep impression about the limits of personal freedom in a society where electronic eyes are everywhere .
Not only an intelligent , well-told and deftly acted story , it provides refreshing counter-programming in a season filled with noisy , uninspired sequels and mindless action movies .
Although cloak-and-dagger fans might be intrigued by the foggy atmosphere , `` Closed Circuit 's '' conspiracy theories are mostly suspect .
A crisply enjoyable , professionally executed paranoid thriller of the `` everyone is out to get us '' variety .
A credulity-straining thriller featuring a few good paranoid moments - and , perhaps most important , Rebecca Hall running in high heels .
Closed Circuit may be little more than a high-minded , shrewdly topical gloss on a shopworn genre , but its cynicism is bracing .
Director John Crowley trots his crew around London , working up a suitable amount of suspense . And paranoia .
Mostly , this movie is a series of well-acted implausible events , tied together by a lot of scenes of people running .
A British political thriller that deliberately tones down the thrills , muting its own spy and terrorism themes in favour of a legal battle .
We have a Bourne-ish collection of Big Brother footage , cut together to create a paranoid atmosphere , set to up-tempo jazz .
A slick , tasty slice of late-summer nonsense ...
Bana and Hall seem as bored with the proceedings as the audience .
A run-of-the-mill thriller elevated just enough by the intelligence of its cast and makers .
A mystery-thriller-romance that is conspicuously missing three things . One is mystery , another is thrills and the last is anything approaching romance .
You hear that we 're getting a British political thriller titled `` Closed Circuit '' and you instantly start to imagine the creepy possibilities .
It 's curiously lacking in urgency .
Closed Circuit is the sort of movie that makes you wonder : Why was this made ?
A light garnish of greater-good propaganda is supposed to make this potboiler palatable for contemporary audiences , but `` Closed Circuit '' is really a reheated leftover .
Intelligent , compelling drama of a kind we do n't get very often .
Faced with an unjust world , Closed Circuit waves the white flag .
While that 's nothing too new in terms of conspiracy-themed thriller flicks , I found the first half of the film fairly engrossing . -LRB- Full Parental Review also available -RRB-
-LSB- VIDEO ESSAY -RSB- Gaping plot holes do n't prevent this nearly current espionage thriller from grabbing its audience , and keeping them hooked all the way to its socially volatile ending .
The damage to democracy may be more devastating than the damage to life and property .
A smart script by Steven Knight keeps the action humming along smoothly and concisely - if sometimes , it must be said , a bit illogically .
It 's entertaining but misses the impact that can make the genre special .
Captain Obvious goes to England .
A storyline that could n't be timelier unfolds with a vintage air of 1970s cynicism in this unusually thoughtful thriller .
A legal thriller curiously devoid of thrills -- the sort of stolid , unexceptional film that might serve as a perfectly adequate offering on PBS Masterpiece Mystery but is woefully out of place on the big screen .
It 's a story that means to shock us with a tale of wrongdoings and cover-ups at the highest levels , but in this post-Edward Snowden/Chelsea Manning era , does any government-sanctioned chicanery come as a real surprise anymore ?
Closed Circuit does nothing to separate itself from the numerous other genre titles that are released every year , depicting the same political thriller norms we 've seen used time and time again .
This British political thriller makes a strong statement about personal freedoms in the post 9/11 age , but ... the twists are all too discernible , characters not fully realized and the ending apparently truncated .
You would expect a mostly British legal thriller to be somewhat reserved , but Closed Circuit , while predictably classy and intelligently topical , is a little too chilly for its own good .
Well-acted British courtroom drama never really delivers the necessary thrills .
Between Knight 's nuanced script and Crowley 's nimble direction , such contradictions should n't distract audiences much from the immediate thrills of this taut genre exercise ,
Exactly what you do n't want from a thriller .
I wo n't be the only one to go for this pun , but `` Closed Circuit '' shorts out .
The most chilling film of the year , more frightening than any horror film because it seems so real . . generates an electrifying level of tension and just plain fear .
Motors along at such a slow pace it hardly earns its moniker of ` thriller , ' often keeping any real tension at an aggravating minimum .
It fails as a critique of draconian security states and surveillance culture , moving too fast to properly consider any of the well-worn ideas it glosses over .
Despite breathless proclamations about ` the biggest , most high profile murder case in British history ' and timely trappings of closely held government secrets threatening to come to light , it all turns out to be rather boilerplate .
The whole picture is lifeless and without consequence and by the time everyone is chasing each other in the last scenes I guarantee your mind will be off somewhere .
An eerie truth as strange as fiction moral noir thriller coincidentally grabbing today 's headlines . As it sheds an intensely feverish light on the dark , sinister methods of government when it comes to domestic mass spying , secret trials and inside jobs .

@highlight

Slick and well acted , Closed Circuit unfortunately never quite works up a full head of steam , with a plot that 's alternately predictable and full of holes .