A courtroom drama proves to be a stately change of pace for Reynolds .
... it does n't take any risks and it does n't try to surprise its audience , which makes it feel more like a -LRB- well-made -RRB- TV production than a theatrical movie . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The film comes and goes with flashbacks to show the horror of the occupation ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
-LSB- Helen -RSB- Mirren is flawless , in turns feisty and dignified , and she elevates mediocre , paint-by-numbers biopic material into something moderately engaging .
Sad to say that may be the script 's greatest problem : the real story involves a lot of legal wrangling that is n't terribly cinematic .
-LSB- Simon Curtis -RSB- must really thank the great Dame Helen -LSB- Mirren -RSB- for keeping this drama afloat .
Woman in Gold is a David-and-Goliath story .
Mirren makes us believe this is a fresh , just-discovered Third Reich atrocity . She 's that present , that charismatic , that vulnerable .
Mirren and Reynolds play off each other nicely .
With Gold , Curtis does justice to a fascinating story with far-reaching political and cultural implications . He helms with a sensitive hand , while maintaining a healthy pace .
A handsome production design and some heartfelt performances in minor roles deliver incidental pleasures but the film as a whole feels like a wasted opportunity .
What Woman In Gold does have going for it is a strong performance from the always on point Mirren and a fascinating true story .
A minor entry into the canon of Harvey Weinstein auteur theory , a film that has particularly strong moments undercut by uneven character development as the story loses focus .
Mirren and Reynolds make for an entertaining central pairing .
There 's much here that 's a little iffy and contrived and yet , nevertheless , Helen Mirren is so fine it mostly works anyway .
The narrative is by-the-book , segues to the flashbacks are a bit corny , and the conflict the suit engenders between Schoenberg and his wife -LRB- Katie Holmes -RRB- is too easily resolved . But do n't worry about that . Just watch Mirren do her thing .
A big part of what makes Woman in Gold work is the meaningful connection based in family pride and righting the wrongs of the past that develops between Mirren 's character and Randol .
Woman in Gold has a populist purity of heart that 's disappeared from American motion pictures since , well , Hollywood 's golden age .
... the movie 's present-day sequences suffer from a dramatically-inert quality that grows more and more problematic as time progresses ...
Mirren makes the most of every hard edge and crisp fabric while Reynolds 's normally hard body seems to soften beneath baggy beige windbreakers and khaki Dockers . There 's warmth and humour , so even when the screenplay is predictable , we 're still charmed .
Mirren magnificent as aging Holocaust survivor waging legal fight for family heirloom plundered by Nazis .
Elegantly put together ... but falling short of the potential offered by this fascinating case , Woman In Gold has the shiny appeal of Klimt 's work but none of the depth .
The only reason the film should draw your attention is to catch the great Helen Mirren , who despite her usual fine acting ca n't save this dull drama .
Perhaps the film has problems in the casting . This should be a story to ignite the anger of the audience . Helen Mirren is too reserved to do that and Ryan Reynolds is just plain wooden .
Woman in Gold gives the audience a lot to think about , even if it is n't easy to watch . Though it hinges on the atrocities of the Holocaust , its darkness is much more cerebral and worth considering .
-LSB- A -RSB- fascinating true story ... gets turned into an uneven mix of historical thriller , courtroom drama and odd-couple comedy .
A synthetic drama devoid of any originality or genuine feeling that reduces an inspiring real-life legal odyssey to a hackneyed tale of the little guy triumphing over impossible odds .
Simon Curtis has made a masterpiece . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
A highly recommended story about justice , the importance of family , and reconciling the past and present . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
The Woman in Gold is very poorly structured . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
The chief pleasure to Woman in Gold lies in its complete absence of surprise .
Fails to mine rich ore
... simply a forgettable , pretty gloss on a subject that deserves a deeper and less heavy-handed treatment than Hollywood products are equipped to give .
It 's an immensely satisfying David-and-Goliath story , showing that sometimes the good guys win -- even if it takes 70 years and the gumption of a Helen Mirren to do it .
It never knows quite what it wants to be , so it becomes everything and nothing all at once -- and none of it is done well .
A movie that ca n't emerge from its Philomena-like formula -LRB- spunky older woman pairs up with younger man advocating for her rights -RRB- and emotionally goosesteps its flashbacks to late-1930s Austria , turning history into a heartstring-pulling exercise .
Woman In Gold is one of those films that might not challenge you too much with an artful story , but still appeals on some deeper emotional level .
It 's a ripping yarn , this , deftly directed by Simon Curtis -LRB- My Week With Marilyn -RRB- and full of emotional cadences , subtle shifts of mood and changing motivations .
It 's an underdog story tailor-made for the movies , devoid of surprises but touching all the same .
It is a wonder how Woman In Gold could be so , well , lacklustre .
This story has probably been better and more accurately told in at least three documentaries -LRB- but -RRB- none of those retellings had the marvellous Mirren .
It 's an interesting premise but many of the subplots are rushed .
It 's an extraordinary story but sadly the film is not . Plodding and mechanical instead of involving and moving , the film fails to sweep us away on what should be a hugely emotional journey
Mirren proves yet again she could play a toaster and still entertain . Unfortunately , director Simon Curtis sucks out any emotion by making every scene over-obvious .
Sharply directed by Simon Curtis , the film is an intriguing mystery as , little by little , more and more information comes across the viewer 's desk
Art-history aficionados might appreciate the debate over the legal and sentimental value of iconic paintings , but modern-day contrivances compromise much of the historical significance .
Helen Mirren delivers a strong performance in this predictable but well-crafted historical drama .
In their eagerness to make this into a feel-good story , Curtis and Campbell have turned their characters from multifaceted human beings into symbols who utter soundbites .
There is suspense , drama and emotion in this story . Reynolds and Mirren give great performances with good supporting performances by Daniel Brühl , Katie Holmes and Allan Corduner .
Crusty octogenarian and exasperated man team up to wring justice from 50-yr-old wrongs ... with charged interplay ... to make legacy of Nazis ' plunder of art a personal cause
We might not give this film much thought long after we have seen it ... we will surely remember the beauty with which the past comes alive right before Maria 's eyes .
It wo n't do the film any harm at the box office that Helen Mirren twinkles indomitably . She 's as good as ever , but really - of all the things you want to see Dame Helen doing indomitably , twinkling is n't among them .
It makes a dull movie out of a fascinating piece of history .
Corny , commercial , predictably platitudinous , and tear-jerkingly weepy ... also an inevitably thought-provoking dramatization of facing the ` ghosts ' of the past on an individual level and a national one .
Your movie 's flashback sub-plot should n't draw attention to how dull your actual central plot is .
Clearly , the most significant ` Woman in Gold ' here is not the portrait nor Adele Bloch-Bauer herself -LRB- portrayed in flashback by Antje Traue -RRB- but our lead actress , the indomitable Oscar-winner , Helen Mirren ,
The film is forgivably simplistic and sentimental but also stirring when it reminds us once again of the countless injustices from the Nazi era that can never be made right or forgotten .
A deeply moving and very satisfying piece of entertainment that knits up seemingly disparate elements in a tapestry of family pain and pride .
Helen Mirren is , of course , a wonderful actress , and she brings dignity to the marvellously Euro-chic Maria , but even she ca n't soar above the script which veers from speechifying to banalities .
Take a complex legal issue like the provenance of an art object , then throw in Helen Mirren and the Nazis as the hero and villains , and you have the dull and simplified tale of Woman in Gold .
Sometimes you know a movie is going to work in about the first three scenes . This one really works .
Mirren 's performance gains in depth and pathos as the film progresses .
There is much to recommend in Woman in Gold .
It 's an intriguing David vs Goliath battle and Mirren positively glows with indignation .
This follows the fascinating story of Maria Altmann , a Jewish refugee who fled from Austria to escape the Nazi occupation of Vienna .
There 's a terrible and relentless TV-movie ropiness about this film , combined with a dairy whiff of cheesiness .
Despite a debatable focus and dubious moralizing - money plays a pivotal role in the final outcome - `` The Woman in Gold '' works , largely because of the odd-couple chemistry between Mirren and Reynolds .
This fascinating true story is strong enough to hold up against the formulaic Hollywood treatment , boosted by another riveting performance from Helen Mirren ...
In pursuit of prestige , it loses the qualities that make the story worth telling .
Curtis has so carefully crafted the film , and Mirren and Reynolds have such terrific chemistry , that it mostly works -- and it works pretty well at that .
Helen Mirren has become like Meryl Streep : nearly every time she has a leading role a little alarm goes off that signals Oscar gold .
Curtis ' film stumbles in its digressions , lacking clear direction , along with the emotional impact it so desperately needs .
A conventional but powerful story .
Shrewdly compelling - with the incomprable Helen Mirren as the refined yet tartly obdurate propelling force .
The Helen Mirrens of the film world can often elevate whatsoever vehicle .
Helen Mirren and Ryan Reynolds make a great pair in this fascinating and true tale that makes for a highly entertaining and compelling tale .
Mirren is wonderful as always as the frank , spirited , adorable Maria , a shimmering bright spot as dazzling as the film 's titular painting .
Director Simon Curtis is lucky to have Helen Mirren on hand , since she can turn the film 's art history speeches into something that sounds like conversation . But the screenplay does n't do either of them any favors .
Woman in Gold plays out like a filmic series of check-lists for legal and historical drama . It 'll fit nicely into an AP Art History curriculum on a rainy day - only 20 flashbacks to go once you start .
Mirren is her usual stellar self , but the pleasant surprise here is Ryan Reynolds .
Helen Mirren is best part of fact-based historical drama .
This one only comes off as adequate and does n't hit the emotional moments as hard as it should have . -LRB- Full Content Review -- Sex , Profanity , Violence , etc. -- for Parents also available -RRB-
Director Simon Curtis milks the predictable drama , thrills and heartache of the Holocaust-era story , but it 's a paint-by-numbers triumph , a copy of something we 've seen many times before .
`` Woman in Gold '' may be a bit obvious , but it 's still a story worth telling .
Next to Mirren , -LSB- Reynolds is -RSB- like a dope in a museum , trying to be respectful of the genius around him but unable to sit still .
For all its broad brush strokes , Woman in Gold ca n't help but tell a moving populist parable about the will to power of an ordinary woman ... taking on powerful institutions to regain a tiny fraction of her family 's appalling losses .
A wholly captivating Mirren makes Woman in Gold a positive film-going experience ...
Mirren , sporting an accent that 's about as close to Viennese as an English Dame can likely get , imbues Maria with pluck , high dignity and a vulnerability that 's kept hidden beneath exterior reserve .
A movie that tells a real-life story yet rings utterly false .
Even boasting the pooled charisma of stars Helen Mirren and Ryan Reynolds , Woman in Gold turns out to be a sputtering , clunky machine .
The Nazis ' illegal seizure of hundreds of thousands of artworks -- the subject of the fine 2006 documentary The Rape of Europa -- becomes the pretext for heavy-handed sentimentality in this British-American docudrama .
Mirren is the single reason to watch the movie .
Based on a true story about a fight for justice wrapped in passion , memory and determination , and told using the considerable talents of Helen Mirren , Woman in Gold should be a much better movie .
Even Helen Mirren , the Queen Midas of class acting , ca n't fix this well-intentioned miss .
While the story is truly one of a kind , the film often feels like a TV movie of the week , even one of those treacly Hallmark productions .
`` Woman in Gold '' is dutiful and surprisingly dull , rolling along pre-ordained tracks and the familiar cadences of screenwriter Alexi Kaye Campbell 's dialogue and situations .
The film does have an asset that ca n't be ignored , and that 's Helen Mirren 's tip-top performance as the film 's costar . It 's not enough to save the picture , but it certainly makes a difference .
Stirring at times , soggy and overly sentimental at others , the film moves surprisingly slow , even though its action , which takes place over many years of legal maneuvering , has been condensed for narrative expediency .
The relationship between Altmann and Schoenberg , sometimes testy but always loving , plays out like two actors acting , rather than two actors inhabiting a real situation .
Woman In Gold bends a complicated legal quagmire-heavy on questions of ownership and national responsibility-into a crowd-pleasing David and Goliath story . The title , too generic for Klimt 's masterpiece , suits the movie just fine .
Great story , cliche-clogged script .
Like most dramas , it seeks to connect with its audience and , providing they are open to the story it 's telling , it works both as a reminder of past wrongs and an assurance that justice sometimes triumphs .
Despite surges in exaggeration , `` Woman in Gold '' captures the spirit of Altmann 's quest with efficiency , making for a satisfactory drama with deeply felt performances .
Sweet and dull . Makes you wonder what was left out .
It 's a touching film that entertains with warmth and humor while teaching us something about history , law and justice with enormous heart , subtlety and compassion , brilliantly acted and skillfully written . Is there anything Helen Mirren can not do ?
A great movie ? Probably not - but a compelling and involving one , dealing with an important moment in recent history ? Woman in Gold is absolutely that .
The engaging but perfunctory Woman in Gold is n't exactly an exercise in subtlety , but this eager-to-please film proves that the formidable Helen Mirren can provide interesting nuances even in a story where few exist .
a brilliant movie ... with many flashbacks to 1938 Vienna ... that includes enticing cinematography of the Austrian locations ... and fine acting . Just watching Helen Mirren is , as always , worth the price of admission .
There 's a human-interest story at the bottom of this bombast , but it 's hard to see the actual people through the weight of history , horror , and hagiography being piled atop them .
It 's all a little tired and condescending - like some screenwriter 's self-serving memories of his last trip to see Mom - and having Mirren occasionally exclaim what fun or thrills they 're having does n't make it so .
The star power of Helen Mirren and Ryan Reynolds is critically muted in this flatly directed true story .
Yes , it 's based on a true story , a story that is compelling in its own right . But that does n't mean the filmmakers get a free pass in presenting it to us .
Rich details but thin characters make for a disappointingly flat drama .
The film lets us see the tensions and sadness that are inevitable in a story like this , but also offers some wry humor .
Not only is the truth unforgettable , heartbreaking and triumphant , but Mirren , Reynolds and Bruhl make it all the more special .
A powerful drama that packs an eloquent and emotional punch , yet has enough of a sense of humor to occasionally lighten the mood .
Understands the challenge and importance of remembering the painful past , especially in light of those who believe that today 's lingering prejudices are perfectly acceptable .
And now this movie is a part of its story , putting Adele back into the picture and giving us a portrait of the niece who insisted that her story be told .
The film is saved by engaging performances from Mirren and Reynolds , who shine as their characters ' relationship deepens .
After seeing the film 's touching final title cards briefly describing the fates of the characters , I could n't help wishing for a documentary version .
Woman in Gold has a great story to tell , and the filmmakers have opted for the safest , slickest way to tell it .
What we get here is a film that understands that context matters .
Simon Curtis ' `` Woman in Gold '' is a shamelessly sentimental fictionalization of this true story , but it 's a fascinating story nonetheless , beautifully photographed and greatly elevated by a brilliant performance from the invaluable Helen Mirren .
A legal fight over the struggle for ownership of an artwork is hardly the stuff of high drama . And the screenplay ca n't find a way to make that conflict , or the ethical and moral issues involved , compelling ...
The film evades all but the most careful commonplaces about the relationship between the viewer and the work of art at its center .
Offers nothing that a documentary or even a long magazine article about Altmann and Schoenberg 's triumph could n't have captured better . For a film about a timeless painting , it 's surprisingly artless .
Tatiana Maslay breathes new energy into the movie whenever she appears
The behind-the-camera contributions -- along with Mirren 's presence -- mark this as a prestige production , but the unsubtle , prosaic treatment -- along with the bland Reynolds -- vitiates the effort .
A rousing drama about a Jewish refugee who is looking for closure on her terrible past and a young lawyer who matures spiritually .
What Woman in Gold has over nonfiction portrayals is emotion , and director Simon Curtis milks every scene for its heart-tugging potential .
Under Harvey Weinstein 's sponsorship , this remarkable story has become a paint-by-numbers variation on the producer 's far better `` Philomena . ''
When not returning to the Nazi regime 's war crimes , the story becomes a rather legalistic quest for justice . Campbell 's cumbersome dialogue often sounds copied from legal documents .
It 's potent material that becomes the stuff of a workmanlike true-life drama , spoon-feeding its audience a steady diet of speeches and schmaltz .
Gloriously shot , finely acted .
The real life heroes of this gutsy story deserve far better than the dumbed down and white washed treatment they get here .
Even with a starry cast , the stirring true story is this drama 's standout feature .
The extraordinary story of a Gustav Klimt painting , reduced to a distinctly ordinary film .
Woman in Gold reaches for glossy , based-on-a-true-story cinematic heights with the depth of one of its made-for-television counterparts .
It 's a heartwarming story of belated justice , soppy enough in its pre-war flashbacks , but strong in its morality and sympathy : no ambiguities here .
A thoughtful and at times stirring true-life account of a Holocaust refugee 's quest to recover five Gustav Klimt paintings stolen by the Nazis
Much better than the buzz out of Berlin would suggest . Helen Mirren is excellent .
High art meets lowest common denominator appeal in Woman in Gold , a tribute to one woman 's struggle that has the daring and originality of a fridge magnet .
Mirren is as excellent as always in the lead , but the actress is let down by the filmmaker 's inclination to be so cliched on occasion , undermining this narrative with frustrating conventionality .
A film that hides its actual badness under a tarpaulin of mediocrity so thick and heavy it 's difficult to even lift a corner to peek beneath , for a while I was n't quite sure why I hated `` Woman in Gold '' so very , very much .
While Helen Mirren elevates the material with her usual aplomb and the events being depicted inevitably are stirring , this is a stodgy crusade-for-justice drama , directed and written with minimal flair .
This heavy-handed retelling of the fight to reclaim a Gustav Klimt painting stolen by Nazis is no masterpiece .
Woman in Gold ... has , in the shape of Helen Mirren and Ryan Reynolds , one of those on-screen partnerships that the world was n't waiting for .

@highlight

Woman in Gold benefits from its talented leads , but strong work from Helen Mirren and Ryan Reynolds is n't enough to overpower a disappointingly dull treatment of a fascinating true story .