Stylistically bold , impressive feature debut about creative youth
Reprise alternately shows punk energy , library hush and comic anxiety . And despite ominous portents , the ending is cockeyed optimistic .
Trier is having more fun in the editing room than his story requires and he 'd be well advised to spend more time in the deeper development and dramatic elements of his characters .
This story about two aspiring writers in their early 20s has the fearlessness and vivacity of a first novel , and its playful approach to chronology and voice-over narration serves to amplify its themes instead of coming off as a show-off trick .
This is that rare film where a daring style is connected to real substance , and that 's an exciting thing to experience in a first-time director .
Although there 's no romantic triangle as in Francois Truffaut 's classic 1961 film Jules and Jim , it seems obvious that film was an influence here .
Reprise is an ordinary tale of post-adolescent angst that would benefit from a cleaner plot line , clearer characterizations and more intriguing situations .
I realized the movie had lost me when it occurred to me that after spending many minutes with Phillip and Erik , I had no interest in reading any novel that either of them might have written .
... film full of wry comments and textural gestures - Trier mixes film stock and references to MTV-style jump cuts and the French New Wave -LRB- Truffaut 's Jules and Jim is an obvious point of reference -RRB- to the extent that the pyrotechnics threaten to b
Its fresh opening combined with the satisfying resolution in the final 20 minutes help to compensate for a fizzling mid-section .
As auspicious -- and breathless -- a debut as Reservoir Dogs was for Tarantino .
Like Jules and Jim or Band of Outsiders blended with A Hard Day 's Night .
Reprise is not just about engaging with or surviving through the creative instinct . It is that instinct .
Reprise is about negotiating the path from reckless youth to ambitious adulthood as much as it 's about the craft of fiction .
-LSB- Trier -RSB- sometimes lapses into the literary clichés he aims to ridicule .
It 's not exactly breaking new ground , but the material has a real ring of truth to it . However , it should be said that this Norwegian import is also a bit sullen , which means it will be an acquired taste for some audiences .
If you are young , male and dream of making a name for yourself in the arts , Reprise is about the joys and sufferings of that quest : It is a Jules and Jim for the punk-rock generation .
The highs and lows of getting one 's first book published are intricately and delightfully examined in Norwegian director Joachim Trier 's mature feature debut .
There 's less than meets the eye to Joachim Trier 's Reprise , but the loose , limber visual style gives the picture a certain panache .
Joachim Trier 's brash cinematic sampling draws on diverse sources yet it spins something defiantly fresh and original .
The jagged energy of this film 's opening and closing moments leave you wondering where it might have gone and what it might have been .
The word ` Reprise ' may mean recurrence , but Trier 's fleet , joyously intellectual film comes at us like anything but a retread .
Drawing inspiration from the young-artists-in-angst tales of Godard , Truffaut and the French new wave , Joachim Trier 's Reprise is both a charming homage and a vibrant work in its own right .
Anguished and ambitious , the man-boy writers in Joachim Trier 's Reprise imagine themselves into alternate lives .
The movie is enjoyable for its flashy surfaces -- the witty editing , the narrative forecasting , the droll omniscient voice-over -- but as drama it seems superficial .
Reprise director Joachim Trier uses flashback and fantasy sequences to develop character . He has created an honest accountability to those going through their early 20s or those who remember it .
Told in the subjunctive , this psuedo-existential hogwash , with two protagonists I did n't give a fig about , gives a new meaning to the word ` slow ' .
Reprise has a smart and knowing script and will compel audiences to reflect on themselves at that age .
It 's an invigorating brew of dynamic visuals , quicksilver emotions , playful storytelling and chic , good-looking actors .
Reprise , a vibrant new Norwegian film , burns with the passions of literature and youth .
The cinema is an ideal medium for considering characters like those in `` Reprise , '' but you 'd have to see Jules and Jim to find out why .
A kinetic delight , Reprise comes from director Joachim Trier , born in Denmark but raised in Oslo , Norway , and it 's a highlight of the filmgoing year so far .
The personal nature of such a film begets the feeling of ownership , especially for the twentysomethings out there . It 's about revolting from everything , even revolution .
They really get the young writers and that enthusiasm , but then also that heartbreak .
Charming , clever and well made , Norway 's Reprise employs just the right kind of meta .
An intelligent and occasionally profound portrait of a pair of artists as young men .
As crisp and cool as a swig of Champagne .
Trier 's intent is to reproduce a sweet , hazy vision of the agony of youth . Ever so elliptically , he succeeds .
-LSB- A -RSB- hilarious , smart and heartbreaking coming-of-age drama .
It 's a fine film by any standard , on any scale .
A rich and touching exploration of the vagaries of fortune , literary reputation and , above all , friendship that works on several levels at once .
An exuberant , exhilaratingly playful testament to being young and hungry â '' for life and meaning and immortality , and for other young and restless bodies â '' Reprise is a blast of unadulterated movie pleasure .
The kind of discovery that comes along only a few times a year -LRB- if we 're lucky -RRB- , Joachim Trier 's energetic , inventive debut takes such a novel approach to well-worn themes that it makes most movies look downright lazy .
The movie also contains many moments of joy and humor , folded into a fantastic , shifting structure that keeps the film wildly alive . It 's an impressive first film .
A Norwegian movie that often looks and feels like a resurrected specimen of the French New Wave .
The picture has a real feel for its tortured characters . It starts out navel-gazing and ends up empathetic .
The vibrant Norwegian debut feature Reprise is one of those rare films about writers where form matches content , with fresh insights about the literary world coming via a complex , liberating series of flashbacks , ellipses , and other bold flourishes .
Strikes universal chords strong enough to break down cinematic language barriers .
-LSB- Director Joachim Trier -RSB- captures , in a way that 's cool and romantic and heady , the moment in life when nothing matters more than ideas , influences and the possibility of shaping one 's life into a work of art .
Like his subjects , Norwegian writer-director Joachim Trier is young and bursting with ambition
... owes more than a nod to Tom Tykwer 's fate-bending fairy tale , `` Run Lola Run , '' with its narrated ` what if ' and flight of fancy ' scenarios which continually spin off the main action .
A clever and playful Norwegian film about two friends and their literary adventures .
A savage , funny , tender , tragic and strangely beautiful riff on being young and growing up in a broken world .
That rare debut in which self-conscious formal daring proves exhilarating rather than excruciating .
... both showy and precious ... . On top of that , it feels like self-consciously warmed over Godard , with traces of Run , Lola , Run tossed in .
Reprise applies beguiling visual and narrative schemes to a well-worn tale of friendly twenty-something rivals forced into awkward choices as they become adults .
An exhilarating weave of childhood remembrance , projection , literary digression , and impish commentary .
Norwegian auteur Joachim Trier is n't a close relative of Lars von Trier , but his debut feature film bares the characteristics of an ambitious if overreaching young filmmaker taunting his elders to scold him for his audacity .
Chief benefit of this film with its rapid editing and copious flashbacks is its mixture of levity and seriousness as Trier examines the lives of Norwegians just past their teens .
This quick-witted film is likely to be a fleeting presence on our overcrowded screens . Catch it while you can .
The film has the elegant exuberance of a display of indoor fireworks .
Form and content in perfect harmony .
Two aspiring novelists in hip young Oslo scribble their way through success , failure , love and friendship in this crafty little gem directed by Lars Von Trier 's nephew , Joachim Trier .
Trier justifies the boys ' hardships with a bright and breezy detour through would-be glories . Altogether he crafts a striking portrait of the artist as a young brat , with the leads showing enough sensitivity to carry it off .
Style is mirrored by content , Trier 's non-linear storytelling -LRB- unnamed narrator , imagined versions of events -RRB- credibly reflecting the characters ' turbulent inner worlds .
It 's a by-turns flip and searching cineaste 's rites-of-passage drama -- both for the characters and the director -- that deals entertainingly with the rivalries , doubts , fears and sexual entanglements of its twentysomething milieu .
The plot is pretty simple , and the depiction of the jumbled , impatient world in which the friends travel is believable .
This groovy little film is spiked with an arresting , hyper-saturated mix of sadness and joy .
Effervescent , if somewhat baggy in structure , dramedy Reprise reps an impressive debut for young Norwegian Joachim Trier .
A work that 's deeper , funnier and more inventive than most indie films about young creative types lost in youthful exploits .
Trier 's blend of genuine coolness , flesh-and-blood characters and a portrait of creative types that hits marrow , however , is a hat trick we 'd gladly watch ad infinitum .
This likeable , smart Danish drama about two aspiring writers has some of the arch , extra-dry-martini quality of a Whit Stillman film , including jumping locations and a dry , ironic voice-over .
Uncannily like Truffaut 's Jules et Jim in its ability to seamlessly synthesise the heedless energy of youth and its pronounced melancholy undercurrents .








@highlight

With Reprise , first-time director Joachim Trier effectively captures the spirit of young adulthood , and announces his arrival as a filmmaker to be watched .