Finding Grown Ups funny necessitates that one finds it inherently marvelous when fat men talk about eating , old women describe having sexual desires , and old fat women break wind .
Grown Ups is cliched , predictable and full of immature and juvenile humor . The film recycles far too many jokes and it gets old real fast .
Do n't take it too seriously and you 'll have a good time .
The title mainly leaves one wondering when Sandler will chose to finally grow up and stop starring in this ongoing series of terrible comedies .
Does n't so much play like a film than random home movies of Sandler and his usual screen cronies on vacation .
Five forgettable characters reunite for a -LRB- lame -RRB- joke-filled weekend .
The second half of Grown Ups is n't good enough to dig its way out of the tremendous hole it 's created for itself but it 's far from the worse thing Sandler has ever made . Maybe in another 20 years he 'll make something funny .
Grown Ups is the perfect poster child for this maddening summer of movie mediocrity .
Grown Ups heralds a sad day for comedy nostalgists of a certain age . Call it the day the amusement died .
Surprisingly , amazingly , bafflingly uncomedic and unhilarious .
There 's almost no plot , and loads of schmaltz , but the hidden metaphors and cast chemistry makes this a worthwhile effort .
The shameless sentiment -LRB- a cute little girl wants to use the car GPS to locate heaven -RRB- and Sandler 's ego-tripping -LRB- he 's married to Salma Hayek , and he 's a sure shot on the basketball court -RRB- interfere with the laughs .
Despite some passable gags and a whole posse of middle-aged funnymen , Denis Dugan 's comedy is about the least grown-up movie you could see .
Not much more than an in-joke between the actors , this film is amiable but never funny . And despite some hackneyed moralising , it has nothing to say .
You 've seen these actors play these characters many times before , and better .
Full of obvious jokes and schmaltzy sentiment , Grown Ups is as much fun as watching endless home movies of people you really do n't know very well .
Like The Big Chill with farting grandmothers ...
Sandler 's abysmal script cooks up a bite-sized moral for the finale . Groan ups , more like .
Frankly , if this makes you laugh even once , I recommend seeking medical advice .
If root canal surgery feels too childish a torment , may we direct your attention to this ghastly celebrity roast in the guise of a boisterous family comedy .
If you thought writer-producer-actor Adam Sandler would never stoop lower than Little Nicky , here 's the unwelcome proof that you were wrong .
Like being sat on by all your least favourite school bullies .
Smug and lazy comedy that barely raises a chuckle .
A puerile extended in-joke between Adam Sandler and friends .
The male fantasy of cheerleader spouse , well-adjusted kids and expanding waistline .
Grown Ups is so tiresomely pointless you 'll come out feeling a decade older than when you went in .
Sandler . Schneider . Rock . Spade . Hayek . Hang your heads in shame ...
It is , literally , no laughing matter .
Any film that causes you to reappraise the awfulness of Couples Retreat has to be pretty bad .
Charmless , desperately unfunny `` comedy '' that could only have been worse if it had had Martin Lawrence in it .
The impressive abilities of this ensemble go underused in a clichéd comedy that stalls at nice and stupid on its way to profundity .
One giant waste ; a waste of a fantastic cast , a waste of a promising premise and a waste of something that could have been the comedy of the summer .
Would you believe this is a remake of The Big Chill but with all the parts played by Adam Sandler 's famous and/or infamous friends ?
Its embrace of the compromises involved in pursuing the American dream is a message designed to placate the masses , but it offers more of a message than most comedies manage to impart , which must count for something .
Despite itself , Grown Ups works as a star studded , silly comedy of the Adam Sandler variety .
Here , the audience is made to watch Adam Sandler 's summer vacation video , which displays how much fun he had , and how little of that merriment and camaraderie translated to the screen .
Lazy is the word .
It 's puerile and aggressively stupid , but at least it 's not cruel . And no one is holding a gun to your head . Adam Sandler is n't a criminal , he 's just - like most of us - part of the problem .
... a pervasively inconsequential piece of work that seems to exist solely because Adam Sandler wanted to spend some time with his friends .
Dennis Dugan 's loutish direction is well-suited to the material .
Summertime blahs with Grown-Ups .
Sandler takes cinematic art to new levels of orgasmic ecstasy . I 'm lying ... it stinks !
even the most die-hard of Happy Madison followers will have a hard time managing more than a few chuckles while slogging through this sloppy ode to middle-age male-dom
Dugan and Sandler Prove That , When it Comes to Humor and Sentiment , The Failure to Invest in Your Characters is a Fatal Flaw .
Adam Sandler presents a sweetly endearing movie about relationships . The topper is some scenes are really funny !
Sandler lost his touch a long time ago and that does not seem to be changing anytime soon .
Looks like Sandler and company wanted an excuse to hang out , so they lazily filmed this movie , while probably having a great time off screen .
, , , a movie showing a bunch of aging comics , who once represented ` cutting edge ' youth , showing that their shtick has gotten old , and so have they .
Why try to be clever when you can have someone land face-first in a pile of animal feces instead ? Ah , feces - an appropriate visual metaphor for Grown Ups .
Remember the moment in your life when you realized that Saturday Night Live was no longer funny ? Any movie that has not one but four different pee jokes tells you something . I guess its better than having 4 or 5 fart jokes , oh wait .
... a complete and utter waste of time .
introduces product placement to funerary rites as part of its random gobbets of gag-inducing awfulness
Blacks serve as brunt of the jokes in insensitive buddy comedy .
While the gabby grossout ensemble lounges about providing more mutually supportive laugh tracks than actual laughs , rotund mother-in-law flatulence jokes abound to presumably fill in the creative void , would n't you know it .
An Adam Sandler movie with a heart ? Almost ! This is no Punch Drunk Love or Spanglish but waft aside the flatulence and there is an adult film crying to grow up .
A goofy summer movie , quickly forgotten but fun enough while it lasts .
Everyone turns up for their shift , but no one seems convinced by the task at hand -- namely making the audience laugh with a script that looks like it was banged out in an afternoon .
While the plot is sparse , Sandler and his crew produce enough laughs and memorable moments to keep the audience thoroughly entertained .
Time marches on , along with these rowdy , raunchy celebrations of mediocrity .
It 's hard to take slapstick and gross-out stuff seriously coming from a bunch of 40-year-olds .
Director Dennis Dugan is to screen comedy what the atomic bomb was to Nagasaki .
` Dying is easy ; comedy is hard , ' said a famous actor on his death bed . Films like ` Grown Ups ' prove his point .
Many of these exchanges seem unscripted , which makes one wonder how weak the material was on paper .
Unfortunately Sandler and Wolf have given us nothing new . We are subjected to the same old sight gags we 've all seen too many times .
Adam Sandler has proven to be a capable comedic actor , but it 's too bad he 's so enamored with bathroom humor in his scripts .
In this blend of sentimental comedy mixed with toilet humor , Sandler assembled members of his comic generation in what turns out to be an anemic tribute to middle age .
An asinine , painfully unfunny , immature , and boring waste of celluloid . It 's a sad reminder that we 're still living in the Age of Stupid .
The whole movie is just a bunch of middle-aged guys hanging out and mocking each other . Then they pee on things .
An hour and 40 minute long , five-way , PG-13 roast with more lame jokes than actual laughs .
Watching `` Grown Ups '' is like be forced to endure the vacation videos taken by a bunch of rich , self-satisfied schmucks clowning around and being asked to pay $ 10 for the privilege --
Cheerful and surprisingly heartfelt .
Despite occasional attempts at plot and character , this is basically a roast with scenery .
It 's not so hilarious that you need to rush to see it but not so bad that you will suffer unduly if you take a chance on its more-or-less family friendly charms .
Let 's hope Adam Sandler , his buddies Kevin James , Rob Schneider , Chris Rock and David Spade , and his most frequent director , Dennis Dugan , had a great time on their movie vacation Grown Ups , because the audience is n't really invited .
Although the movie rambles , and none of the jokes are anywhere near as funny as Sandler and his co-stars imagine , `` Grown Ups '' is a mediocre comedy with a generous heart .
It 's nice that they 're so supportive of one another ; too bad the whole exercise is so tedious for us .
Grown Ups delivers precious few laughs for the sheer volume of comedy talent on offer .
Chris Rock , call your agent .
In a Rat Pack movie , at least there 's a heist to hold your attention . In Grown Ups , there 's a lot of drinking beer and talking about good old days and crappy new days .
The market is now firmly established for the goofy , middle-aged bros-gone-wild genre
The latest from Adam Sandler is a big unruly bundle of midlife clichés peppered with the physical sadism and potty humor that are the hallmarks of Sandler 's comedy .
Now , after that brief time out for a breath of honesty , Adam is back to lining his pockets again .
It 's total garbage .
It 's a crude and decent-hearted outing .
Friendship comedy is too crude for younger kids .
Feels like the work of people who sat around a table for an hour or so tossing around hackneyed comic notions , then decided to slap them onto the screen and hope for the best .
Ever been around a group of friends who crack each other up while you stand to the side and scratch your head ?
It may be called Grown Ups , but too much of the new Adam Sandler ensemble comedy feels like it was written by an eight-year-old boy .
From each obvious setup to its hoary payoff , Grown Ups hews faithfully to its formula ...
Even for a film that 's rated PG-13 , it 's way too tame , it plays it way too safe and , worst of all , it really is n't that funny .
When Grown Ups star and co-writer Adam Sandler repeatedly slapped Rob Schneider in the face with a dehydrated banana , I was jealous of Schneider , who suffered less than I did getting slapped upside the head by this rotting fruit of a comedy .
These are funny people , and the movie is loosely structured enough to showcase all of their talents .
During `` Grown Ups , '' I felt a deep sadness every time the audience laughed and the sounds of their chuckles turned into the ringing of the cash register , and all I thought was a grim , simple truth : This , America , is why we ca n't have nice things .
Harmless , but dull .
The script , credited to -- or , better , blamed on -- Sandler and collaborator Fred Wolf , never builds . In fact , it mostly consists of the comics cracking each other up . And it 's not a party we 're ever invited to .
While there 's plenty of flatulence , the movie 's out of gas well before it 's over .
With its undeveloped premise and juvenile humor , Grown Ups remains emotionally and comedically stunted .
Doing double duty -LRB- yay , another poo-poo joke ! -RRB- as both the mundane lead and writer , Sandler is living proof that splitting oneself down the middle can result in some seriously half-assed work .
The Friends of Adam Sandler Jobs Creation Program is in full swing in Grown Ups . With this movie , he might have created more jobs than Bush and Obama combined .
At least there 's the lovely Salma Hayek and Maria Bello to give the cockamamie proceedings some grown-up elegance .
Adam Sandler and pals take a vacation from laughter in this dreadful coming-of-middle-age comedy .
There are really bad films and then there are painful films . Grown Ups falls into the latter category . The movie lost steam after ten minutes !
If you feel like spending real money for peeing-in-the-pool sight gags , I ca n't stop you .
Unless restrained by another , far superior creative force -LRB- P.T. Anderson , Judd Apatow -RRB- , Sandler 's recent career is a cautionary tale in self-mutilation .
It 's not a joke to just treat someone badly . Jokes are creative . Just saying , ` You failed at that and you suck ' is n't a joke . Even if you dress it all up with some comic metaphor , it 's not an actual joke .
To be fun for us , it would need to quit trying so desperately to squeeze hilarity out of old , tired , sophomoric set-ups .
It 's a good thing the Sand-man made that remake of The Longest Yard a few years ago , because otherwise Grown Ups would stand out as the comedic mastermind 's worst effort by far .
I do find it odd that the guy who started out his career making unwatchable duds like Problem Child and Beverly Hills Ninja has managed to become Sandler 's go-to guy as far as many of his comedies are concerned .
Grown Ups feels like Sandler and his pals sitting around , shooting the breeze - except , in this case , the wind coming from their direction is tired and redundant .
The good news for Adam Sandler is that people may finally stop razzing him about `` Little Nicky . '' The bad news is that any dramatic street cred he may have built up with `` Punch-Drunk Love '' or even `` Funny People '' will be as forgotten as Hitler 's penmanship .
Offers nothing more than lowest common denominator humor and a chance for Sandler and his buddies to play at comedy .
Arguably the laziest and lamest comedy to come down the pike in some time -LRB- Parental Review also Available -RRB-
To get to the nice moments , there 's a lot of crap the viewer must literally and figuratively wade through .
An excruciating mess of gross-out humor , eww-inspiring vulgarity , and soppy sentimentality .
This is as flat , lazy , and uninspired of a comedy as any in years .
The new Adam Sandler comedy has all the charm of a home movie that does not star your own family , which means it 's overly sentimental , filled with you-had-to-be-there moments , bad jokes and even worse camera angles .
You find yourself chuckling at a lonely gag that halfway works -- not that I can remember any right now -- and end up shivering with cold sweat , convinced that watching Grown Ups has permanently damaged your sanity and intelligence .
It 's clear that the cast of Grown Ups had a great time making this movie ... If only it were as much fun for the audience .
Everything he does , from Feder 's big-hearted rematch play , is countered by something base , like the snipped vocal cords of the Lamonsoff 's dog , used for laughs . It 's that long-standing and frustrating Sandler dichotomy .
Sandler 's version of The Big Chill , with more fart jokes and less ethically dodgy conclusions .
It 's a tiny bit better than Couples Retreat , so that 's good .
Come on Sandler , you 've got all the money in the world . Challenge yourself instead of headlining crap like this .
What might just be the summer 's worst movie , no small feat in a season already reeking of foul cinematic emissions .
It looks like everyone had a good time making Grown Ups . Too bad you ca n't say the same thing about watching it .
This bone-lazy film is a comedy only if you believe Kevin James falling off a rope swing is funny .
A tepid , formulaic and disappointingly random series of sight gags of the kick-in-the-crotch / gassy-grandma / run-into-trees variety .
The actors seem genuinely fond of one another , and the message -- do n't pass up life 's simple pleasures -- suits its PG-13 rating . And the '80s soundtrack is spot-on . But it is n't enough to salvage this film .
Its brand of `` humor '' consists mostly of insults , as well as sexual , flatulence and scatological jokes . Yet it 's not these things that make the comedy so noxious . It 's the ridiculous attempts to redeem itself and the characters at the end .
Slapdash filmmaking and a thick , indolent haze of self-satisfaction most characterize Grown Ups . It 's air-quote comedy , with all the make-a-buck calculation of a rock 'n' roll reunion tour .
Dugan and Sandler are like the BP of lowbrow gags . Their movies are an unpluggable gusher of juvenile comedy ; the good gags wash up along the bad , and it 's your job to sort through the muck .
The film drifts along on a stream of humiliation jokes -- physical , emotional , sexual , hairpiece-ial .
`` Grown Ups '' is the least funny theatrical release that any of its stars have ever been a part of . Now look at the cast and think about what that means .
The toilet humor ... chokes away the cleverness and friendly atmosphere of the film 's opening act .
A sporadically funny comedy about sex , lies , and the dream of being forever young .
Viewers who enjoy any single gag in the new Adam Sandler vehicle Grown Ups are in for a treat , as they 'll be able to experience it again five or 10 more times .
Grown Ups betrays everything sweet , sincere and low-key that actuality makes it special .
Infantile , a puerile , pitifully sloppy comedy about a bunch of guys suffering from arrested development made by guys who apparently actually do .
By the time this crazy cast of characters settles into a rental house by the lake , the story has nowhere left to go -- except exactly where you expect it to .
Horrible . I watched it through my fingers . It 's the snuff film of comedy .
While it 's nice to see they all got along so swell , it would have been nicer if we could have shared in all the frivolity .
Shockingly inept even by the standards we 've come to expect from a Happy Madison production .
There 's abundant lunacy to keep slapstick fans laughing even with a subdued Sandler front and center .
Maybe the summer swelter is melting my brain , but Adam Sandler and four other showboats desperately needing a hit had me laughing at Grown Ups more than expected . Let 's give credit where credit is due . It 's not the heat ; it 's the stupidity .
Beneath all the forced hilarity lies an awful fear of aging - and Sandler is only 43 ! This is gon na be rough .
Is it too overblown to suggest that what passes for the modern American mainstream comedy has finally descended into the downright sociopathic ?
Instead of elevating his peers , as actor and co-writer Adam Sandler drags them down to a low-level reunion comedy , in which most of the jokes are anticipated and life lessons simplistic and predictable .
Grown Ups is a pleasant , genial , good-hearted , sometimes icky comedy that 's like spending a weekend with well-meaning people you do n't want to see again any time real soon .
A bunch of funny guys goof their way through the thinnest of plots in a bucolic setting . It plays like watching someone else 's vacation footage .
No plot and all punch lines , like a timing-impaired comic who sets up his one-liners with one-liners .
Lo and behold , Grown Ups turns out to be the funniest thing in which Sandler has appeared in years .
It 's obvious on the face of it that Sandler is , like so many of his characters , stuck in a midlife rut and spinning his wheels , desperate for a way out . Paging Paul Thomas Anderson , please .
The waste of talent here is outrageous , eschewing profound laughs and a sillyhearted good time to squirt Maya Rudolph in the eye with breast milk . Yeesh .
If you 've ever wondered what The Big Chill would be like with old Saturday Night Live castmates -- well , why would you ever have done that ?
It 's like The Big Chill made by morons .
Diverting enough to get by , Grown Ups is Adam Sandler growing up -- but not too much .
Whatever jokes are n't utterly predictable or unfunny to begin with are ruined by Dennis Dugan 's flatfooted direction .
Not the worst movie any of the cast have done but far from their best work ... the sum of the parts rarely achieves anything as funny as Sandler might have done on his own .
Grown Ups is juvenile comedy in search of a consistent tone , which it never finds .
These guys set out to make a movie where they could crack each other up . At this late date , they ca n't even manage that .
What 's alarming is that there is an entire generation that considers these guys the comedy touchstones of their era . This is why Generation X is doomed .
Adam Sandler spends more time laughing at jokes than making them in Grown Ups , perhaps the slackest , shabbiest comedy in the star 's increasingly dreadful oeuvre .
It 's one of those Sandler movies where the inevitable Steve Buscemi cameo passes for the highlight .
I do n't mind lowbrow as long as there is a bit of wit or fun in the proceedings ; for my money , there 's neither here , but there is no accounting for tastes .



@highlight

Grown Ups ' cast of comedy vets is amiable , but they 're let down by flat direction and the scattershot , lowbrow humor of a stunted script .