The film version of Z for Zachariah feels like a psychological reworking of Genesis , infused with vitality thanks to a pitch-perfect cast that makes the heart beat faster .
Zachariah is a complex and rewarding film , for those who do n't mind the glacially slow pace .
`` Z for Zachariah is a solid relationship drama disguised as post-apocalyptic tale .
The deviations from O'Brien 's plot do n't always work , but the characters do come across as real people , in a believably fallen world , following a carefully planned-out path and trying to avoid a fatal misstep .
It 's well acted and beautifully shot and the storytelling restraint of director Craig Zobel allows us to fill in the gaps with our own observations and interpretations of the tensions .
The film is far from what could 've been , but the things it does right are enough to get you interested . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Margot Robbie 's the only reason to see this film . She 's an Australian Emma Stone , with a wide comedic/dramatic range , and charisma for days . She 's going to be around a while .
' Z for Zachariah ' is a film of ideas , but those ideas never overpower the people it 's about .
People are people , says Z . They will repeat their mistakes . But it is possible that those mistakes will make way for a new world , a lot like the old one . And maybe love will let them muddle through .
Z for Zachariah is restrained , ambiguous and mercifully free of CGI , asking questions rather than presenting you with answers .
Zobel 's greatest ally is returning editor Jane Rizzo , who shows remarkable control in skipping through the linear timeline .
The film 's reach does not exceed its grasp , remaining an entertaining microcosm of that universal extinct to keep going no matter what .
An intriguing and emotional journey with some fine performances all around .
A curious Garden of Eden , religion-and-science parable , one that 's understated and memorable .
Z is dramatically sound -- Robbie , in particular , is wonderfully understated and gentle and Ejiofor is consistently one of the best actors currently working
Z for Zachariah is post-apocalyptic claptrap .
Z for Zachariah uses its post-apocalyptic backdrop to craft a compelling and moody character study .
Despite the solid performances by Robbie and Ejiofor in particular , it simply pokes along as a golden-toned Nicholas Sparks melodrama version of the apocalypse .
Z for Zachariah is often promising , and intermittently interesting , but its superficial quality is frustrating .
Z puts a lot of moral questions on the table , but does n't provide much in the way of answers . Ambiguity can be a powerful thing in film , but Z becomes a thoughtful exercise where it could have been a resonant experience .
This emotionally grounded adaptation showcases complex performances by three established stars that help to compensate for some thin plotting and narrative contrivances .
Z for Zachariah 's spin on the post-apocalyptic drama genre results in a riveting relationship story with depth , heart , and soul .
Worth seeing for the opportunity to watch Robbie become a full-fledged film star , for the strong performances of Ejiofor and Pine , and for the fascinating stuff the movie has to say about race , religion , and the mixed blessings of scientific progress .
Great interactions and performances are only a few of the outer joys in Z for Zachariah , but the deeper symbolism is an added pleasure in this film .
Director Craig Zobel is less interested in sex or thrills than he is in what people value when their past and future have ceased to exist .
Although the movie stops at the book 's two-thirds mark , the abrupt ending is a killer . It creeped me out and then laid me out . For days I could n't get out of my head the way it wreaked havoc on my sympathies .
This film is ridiculous from the start .
Z For Zachariah is a quietly provocative and perturbing slice of post-apocalyptic drama , distinguished by a trio of fine performances and its pervasive ambiguity .
Tim Orr 's gorgeous cinematography ... serves almost as a salve . How could anything ugly happen here ?
This post-apocalyptic drama does away with mutated monsters , evil power mongers , chases , explosions , and grisly effects and simply , effectively focuses on the deeds and emotions of three people .
Z for Zachariah has the tasteful dullness of a movie too afraid to make a choice in any direction .
Zobel and Modi have crafted a thoughtful narrative about the experience of navigating and attempting to accommodate others ' personalities .
`` Z for Zachariah '' is ultimately too dramatically slight and brief for its ambitions , despite its sometimes labored myth-making script and visuals .
Watchable End of Days drama , but thin on depth and entertainment value .
Even in the most extreme circumstances imaginable , humans still struggle with morality , trust , honesty , power , forgiveness , and love .
The drama brims with religious allusion and questions of how faith manifests in a world without hope .
An intriguing set-up yields a disappointingly ponderous payoff in Craig Zobel 's post-apocalyptic drama , `` Z for Zachariah . ''
This is a small , smart movie that lies in the hands of its three cast members , all of whom are huge movie stars , and all of whom are up to the task .
The world has ended . Streets are deserted . Humanity is all but wiped out . Have n't we heard this one before ? Turns out , we have n't .
The triangle that `` Zachariah '' sketches among the last three folks on earth is all too human .
This minimalist but deeply affecting morality play slowly tugs you in .
-LSB- A -RSB- daringly spare film , directed by Craig Zobel from a fine screenplay by Nissar Modi .
Feels like a genuine rarity : an American movie that does n't tell you what to think or how to feel when the credits start rolling .
While the film is n't without a few tonal flaws , the performances -- particularly Robbie 's -- keep the story grounded in a sublime , post-apocalyptic reality .
Did the movie version really require the wholesale addition of Captain Kirk ? Chris Pine , as a swarthy traveler , turns the happy duo into a tense threesome , and suddenly we 're having Sparksian conversations in the breakfast nook over coffee .
The movie has difficulty maintaining an even pour of its intentional glaze , but provocative moments do emerge from time to time .
You 'll be thoroughly enthralled ... thanks to its subtle direction and trio of sublime performances .
Z For Zachariah remains an intriguing addition to the post-apocalyptic love-triangle sub-genre ; admittedly a narrow realm .
It 's the three actors that make the film work , particularly Australian actress Robbie who follows a small-yet-effective role in The Wolf of Wall Street with more nuanced and ultimately powerful work .
Experiencing Z for Zachariah is a bit like rummaging around in someone else 's mind for 90 minutes , and we mean that in the best way .
Thrillingly Biblical , in both the Old and New Testament sense .
A futuristic story about three people struggling to survive in a world they could never have imagined .
In delicately nuanced fashion , it dances around such topics as trust , the need for companionship and the difficulties of being a woman . It also hits upon the fact that even in the most dire circumstances , humans always will have conflict .
-LSB- S -RSB- ci-fi cinema of the best sort , relevant and smart and filled with great performances and important themes ...
At times , it feels as if `` Z for Zachariah '' is holding back ; one wishes the film was n't quite so restrained and polite . The tricky ambiguity and tough suggestion of where the narrative leads , however , feels right .
The acting is strong , with Robbie and Ejiofor turning in performances that feel powerfully authentic , even in moments of ethical confusion . Maybe especially in moments of ethical confusion .
All three performances are exceptional , especially Robbie , who commands the screen , expressing such maturity and confidence as a performer .
... a post-apocalyptic drama focused not on marauding mutants , but on the old , awful standbys : fear , loneliness , cold , starvation .
As a director , Zobel has built his career on taking bold chances , but signing on to helm an aggressively re-conceived , dramatically tepid take on a beloved novel was n't his savviest move .
An intriguing but flawed allegory about trying to reboot the human race from survivors who are all too human .
Craig Zobel 's film asks what form humanity takes when there 's -LRB- practically -RRB- no one looking . The three actors work wonders and raise provocative questions about reinventing the planet in microcosm .
Both powerful and , eventually , a bit too contrived .
Director Craig Zobel has something more contemplative in mind than the usual end-times blood lust ... -LSB- It -RSB- is not concerned with the panicky desperation of the newly primitive but what happens after comfort and routine has set in with this new world order .
Post-apocalyptic settings are commonplace these days , but few such movies are as quiet , thoughtful and free of CGI as Craig Zobel 's Z For Zachariah .
A ponderous snooze with more pregnant pauses than a season 's worth of Harold Pinter revivals .
For 85 percent of its run it gives great space to an acutely observed look at strained interaction .
Subtle post-apocalyptic survival tale that revels in its minimalist simplicity ... .
The story might have evolved into your ho-hum exploration of romantic and sexual jealousy , but Zobel and his trio of performers dig into something murkier and more primal .
The last human beings alive will still be human ; that reality , and that realism , is what makes Z is For Zachariah both compelling and worth seeing .
The three last people in the world come together to eke out survival in this thoughtful-and thought-provoking-take on life after Armageddon .
The film squanders the promise of its scrutiny into how people recalibrate their sense of morality in times of crisis .
The tension escalates until it bleeds inevitably into violence , but it is indeed a supremely depressing notion that even if there are only three people left on the planet , two of them will end up wanting to kill one another .
Zobel 's preference for long takes that fixate on his cast 's faces helps elicit sharp turns from both Ejiofor and Robbie .
Robbie exudes confidence , mournfulness and delicate decency in a role that could easily have been a sci-fi cliche . What she does here is subtle and beguiling .
It 's a simple , almost elegant premise , and Zobel never puts a foot wrong in letting it play out .
This dull , slow movie represents a major step back for director Craig Zobel , who looked like he was ready for the big time with his deeply unsettling `` Compliance '' a couple of years ago .
`` Z For Zachariah '' is a commendable , quietly hushed and intimate drama about people that feels note-perfect for at least half the picture .
A low-key but intriguing sci-fi morality tale . Margot Robbie is excellent .
Featuring minimalist , expressive turns from its only three actors - Chiwetel Ejiofor , Margot Robbie and Chris Pine - this quiet but evocative drama has a slow-burn effect , leaving a tart aftertaste that 's hard to wash away .
The film remains strangely inert , and the romantic triangle at the story 's center never gives off any real passion or heat .
An effort that firmly establishes Zobel as one of the more dynamic and exhilarating directors working today ... . Z for Zachariah is a gem of a film , a deeply affecting and effective work that 's not to be missed .
Rich with themes of jealousy , contempt , and lust , Z for Zachariah explores the internal conflict between the needs of the flesh and of the soul .
The film never tries to answer the question `` At what cost survival ? '' , and as a result , Z for Zachariah succeeds by simply focusing on the question .
Not a particularly mainstream film , but it 's certainly one that will appeal to the arthouse crowd who appreciates character-based storytelling .

@highlight

Z for Zachariah wrings compelling drama out of its simplistic premise -- albeit at a pace that may test the patience of less contemplative viewers .