A very sub-par series of clunky ideas about mortality , none of which amount to a decent horror film .
... wholly ineffective ...
As obras de Stephen King já renderam alguns ótimos filmes , mas também muitos péssimos . Infelizmente , Riding the Bullet se encaixa nesta última categoria .
Imagine a feature-length version of the `` Large Marge '' sequence from Pee-wee 's Big Adventure and you wo n't be too far off , only that was scarier .
A ponderous , incoherent horror mishmash that turns King 's short story into utter nonsense .
The movie is so glum and flat-footed there 's no reason to care .
Both the anticipation factor and writer-director Mick Garris ' slick adaptation fail to live up to the old hype .
An incoherent melange of horror movie gimmicks that 's genuinely laughable when it strives for profundity . It induces more tedium than terror .
There are lots of cheap scares and mind games that detract from the main attraction : the interesting family drama .
Overall it does n't amount to much more than a goofy campfire tale .
Goes beyond simply being a bad movie , to the point where it becomes one that insults your intelligence .
Yet another reason to think twice before thumbing a ride , kids .
As good as any Stephen King movie . Not the profound classics ... and not the classy thrillers ... but certainly on par with any effective supernatural tale .
A better name for the film would be Taking the Bullet , because that 's what sitting through this dopey , pretentious mess feels like .
It 's a navel-gazing meditation on death smothered under excess and ham-handed direction , better suited for late-night cable .
The ending of which , both on the page and , now , on the screen , lands with an overly elegiac thud . Still , the journey is often fine .
A barely coherent fever dream of automotive anxiety .
A fairly middle of the road fright film that treads dangerously close to being silly .
Falls short of its source .
... a nifty supernatural drama that features some truly terrifying scenarios , while also offering up a bit of well-placed humor and poignancy .
Flaws and all , it works pretty well .


@highlight

Stephen King adaptation veteran director Mick Garris has lofty storytelling goals which ultimately flail and undercut the story 's terror .