But The Croods is lazy , reaching for sitcom jokes that were old 20 years ago .
The Croods is packed with laughs .
It 's pretty , you 'll have a good time .
-LSB- The Croods -RSB- is an interesting mix of a clever -LRB- if familiar -RRB- idea , genuinely funny moments , great animation and slapstick humour , often featuring actual sticks .
It was a relief to see that The Croods pre-date Fred Flintstone and are just unenlightened and unsophisticated and not as crude as the title suggests .
`` The Croods '' survives an unsteady second act thanks to a sturdy beginning -LRB- including a lovely introductory sequence -RRB- and an even sturdier conclusion .
The first act may be a little slow , but once this animated comedy gets rolling , it 's a rollicking good family movie with upbeat messages and a happy ending-with enough eye-popping peril to interest even the most jaded of your teen video gameplayers .
A fun glimpse into father-daughter relationships and the power of family to persevere even when the fear of change threatens its very existence .
Boisterous , colourful and warm-hearted , with energetic action scenes , knockabout slapstick humour and lush visuals .
An animated film that has it all : captivating characters , rich thematic material , humor , imaginative visuals , and an adventuresome quest .
Set four million years in the past , The Croods nonetheless feels like a step-forward for the usually pop-culture cribbing DreamWorks ' studio . More like this , please .
The Croods is a pleasant surprise that features imaginative production design , a funny story , and excellent voice acting by Emma Stone , Ryan Reynolds , and Nicolas Cage .
The film gets by on its high spirits and good intentions .
The incredible , surprising design - the vibrant colors , imaginative shapes and textures that make up the prehistoric world - is the movie 's real star .
It 's a lot better than some of the titles aimed at tykes , but anyone older than 10 may be hard pressed to find anything of value here outside of engaging eye candy .
As well as being pacy , energetically animated and stuffed full of modern-day references , The Croods also casts off any lingering doubt that DreamWorks is moving into the character-driven domain normally dominated by Pixar .
Cavemen evolving .
The Croods is simple enough in its story and structure that its emotional honesty and touching message will catch you quite off-guard .
This is a very nice little family film with excellent visuals and interesting characters .
The voices have also been well chosen and you 're likely to enjoy the entertaining squabbles between Nicolas Cage , Emma Stone and Ryan Reynolds .
You wo n't learn anything about life 100,000 years ago , but you may enjoy yourself .
Energetic slapstick , aimed at indiscriminating youngsters who will want to buy lots of Crood toys .
It 's not only entertaining , it 's pretty darn visually impressive . On occasion , it 's even rather touching .
No wonder it 's doing so well at the box office .
An impressive , colorful , imaginatively-designed cartoon adventure , rather spoiled by being shackled to a deeply perfunctory story .
A witty and slapstick-laced script by writers-directors Chris Sanders and Kirk De Micco , some flawless 3-D work and solid character and beautiful background animation combine for an entertaining 92 minutes .
Dreamworks have done far more than simply dust off The Flintstones 2.0 ; The Croods may not yet be a household name , but with their personal brand of buffoonery and heart , you 'll be wanting an introduction .
This is pure DreamWorks magic .
The Croods tells a pleasant story about family , the utility of man , and letting go -- all of which I will demonstrate in review with caveman-speak .
It 's the Ice Age that is n't terrible and Cage , as the voice of papa caveman Grug , delivers his most interesting , energized , mainstream performance since ... well , since I forget .
The humor 's classic or prehistoric , depending on your tolerance for slapstick . The 3D animation is state of the art . And the life lessons are all too wearily contemporary .
The Croods is n't particularly smart , but it has just enough wit to keep us engaged and just enough speed to keep us from feeling restless .
`` The Croods '' is a touching animated film that not only entertains , but also delivers a sweet message about families and how change can be a good thing .
There 's something depressing about the fact that The Croods could probably be watched by an audience anywhere in the world without subtitles and they would n't miss a thing .
The complacency and lack of imagination are painful .
The first great animated film of the year . Truly hilarious .
The Croods is exactly the sort of animated fare we receive on a monthly basis from Hollywood . On the scale of such efforts , it 's pretty good , with an engaging second half making up for a tedious opening stretch .
It 's funny . It 's pretty . It 's cute .
Kids will respond to the slapstick humour and the physicality of the action , and adults will find moments of insight and emotion
What is best , and riskiest , in this storytelling is the way that the sense of danger is palpable even when things are looking rosiest , and the impulse to hope is at its strongest when things look most dire
`` The Croods '' is fun and wild and exactly what the kids will love .
The real problem is the script . Not so much the dialogue , which is functional and occasionally humorous , but more the story itself .
It captures the wonder -LRB- and more gently , the anxiety -RRB- of discovery time and time again . And the filmmakers have a hoot playing with the Croods ' encounters with , as well as their misunderstandings of , all things new .
As family viewing , it 's pleasant enough : primitive , yes , but in a digitally sophisticated way that 's boisterous , funny and will no doubt sell a lot of toys .
The animation is first-rate , with moments of genuine visual imagination , and the story , while unremarkable , is entirely adequate .
As far as DreamWorks ' animated movies go , `` The Croods '' will never compare to the `` Shrek '' or `` Madagascar '' series .
`` The Croods '' is acceptable entertainment for any age group .
It does n't add up to much more than easily digestible family fare , but this is a caveman 's approach to animation -- minimal sophistication with physical aspects that can be breathtaking .
The narrative execution in The Croods is n't the greatest but the experience of the journey is - for the most part - worth the slightly meandering path it takes .
Appears to have been market-tested to within an inch of its life , so despite a theme of finding the capacity to evolve , the picture remains mired in the tar pit of formula .
The simplistic plot -LRB- the migration and father-daughter plotlines are identical to Ice Age : Continental Drift -RRB- is so obviously structured that even a Neanderthal can see it coming .
How to Train Your Dragon '' and `` Lilo & Stitch '' are completely indicative of the experience you 'll have with `` The Croods , '' which is to say a supremely positive one .
Cleverly blending a rebellious teen comedy with an animated prehistoric adventure , this witty film wins us over with sharp characters who are written , voiced and drawn with plenty of personality .
Emma Stone can even make you fall for a Neanderthal .
It may not be an instant animated classic , but it 's a charmer that will leave the kids ... feeling warm and fuzzy ...
A film which , if not truly sophisticated , is n't nearly as crude as advertised .
The family-dramedy genre that the film inhabits demands a bit more narrative ingenuity than is on display .
Bold visually but thumpingly ordinary storytelling .
Disappointing .
DreamWorks has done much better , and Pixar appears to be in a different league altogether .
Superbly constructed , dazzlingly animated , and genuinely hilarious , with a spirited mood of adventure and a pleasing read of maturation .
Fast-paced , inventive animated comic adventure of a Stone Age family gets an extra boost from the lively vocal performances of stars Nicolas Cage , Emma Stone and Ryan Reynolds .
It might not be up to snuff with the absolute best that Pixar and DreamWorks have released over the years , and its general story might be as old as the hills , but it 's told well and with heart . -LRB- Complete Content Details for Parents also available -RRB-
The most fun I 've had in a theater all year .
It does a lot of things well , but nothing extraordinarily . The end result is a solidly middle-of-the-road - and thus forgettable - bit of slapsticky animation .
While their situation sounds dire , `` The Croods '' is not . The DreamWorks animated film has enough slapstick humor , furry sidekicks and zippy 3-D action sequences to keep the story light .
An animated adventure kids will love .
Even the lively visuals and unrelenting thrill-ride pace ca n't disguise rough-hewn storytelling , or the fact that the tale of a old-fashioned macho cave dad and his family seems a bit yabba-dabba done that already .
This movie not only has its heart in the right place , it has its brain in the right place .
I 'd like to take back all those times I said Nicolas Cage was one of the most annoying actors on film . It turns out he 's equally terrible when he 's only on the soundtrack .
`` The Croods '' is light fare , but it explores a serious theme , if only superficially .
Embodiment of the blandly mediocre as it teases you with the potential of being something better , but never reaching greatness . It 's the Dallas Cowboys of the movies .
It 's product , pure and simple : dependable , disposable and forgotten as soon as it serves its purpose .
-LSB- M -RSB- ore than an exercise in technical polish .
Insert your own joke here about the caveman movie suffering from a lack of development .
It 's let down by an unfunny script that makes The Flintstones look sophisticated , and a surprisingly irresponsible message to be aimed at very small children .
The latest advances in computer animation have been applied to a truly primitive comedy-Ice Age recast with a family of nattering Neanderthals .
`` The Croods '' is 2013 's first major animated tentpole release , and , as such , it will hopefully only be uphill from here .
Co-directed by Chris Sanders , brains behind the excellent How to Train Your Dragon , the latest flick from DreamWorks turns out to be moving , funny and highly original .
The Croods tells the story of a family of Neanderthals who live in perpetual fear and hunger in a dark cave , terrified of anything new or different . Any resemblance to the current state of the movie industry is probably coincidental .
It 's the kind of rib-tickling , emotionally satisfying , universally appealing effort that gives computer animation a good name .
What 's happening in America ? Are there really scores of concerned but overprotective parents locking their daughters in padded rooms and not letting them experience any adventures ? Actually , maybe Hollywood has a point .
Like the continents , it 's a little too easy to drift away .
-LSB- It -RSB- might even give the little ones something more challenging to think about than its tired main plot .
A sort of methadone for die-hard Ice Age fans .
The pace is brisk and occasionally slapstick , and some amusing situations stem from the cavemen displaying brawn over brains .
Had the movie figured out a way to stay the less-cliched course , it might have helped the DreamWorks oeuvre take steps toward Pixar 's emotional resonance .
Considering the fact that a young girl is picking her nose on the movie poster , `` The Croods '' is surprisingly evolved .
Its sentimental messages are garbled by its noisy , repetitive action sequences .
Neither as thrilling nor as funny as it ought to be .
The animation is excellent -LSB- but -RSB- ` The Croods ' features characters who have remarkably little personality and dialogue that has very little wit .
It 's got enough laughs and impressive visuals for adults , so you wo n't feel creepy walking into the theater by yourself
The movie is well-edited and lean , a fast-paced , action-filled bit of froth that manages to be diverting and surprisingly fun .
When it gets past the Stone Age humor , this weird film manages to find some gentle revelations .
The kooky Cage , representing the voice of authority for a change , creates a marvelous character . He 's part Mr. Incredible , part Homer Simpson ; he 's a great warrior limited by his own inflexibility .
Like its hero - voiced with comic frustration by Nicolas Cage - `` The Croods '' is simple and funny , if not too complex , and completely family-friendly and fun .
Loud , dull and daft , this piece could do with crawling back to the cinematic primordial soup .
Oh crud ...
Change is good in The Croods .
Although state-of-the-art in its rendering of textures , movement and stereography , DreamWorks ' latest 3D toon , The Croods , adopts a relatively primitive approach to storytelling .
Stoopid title . Sweet movie . And not the crack-your-teeth , cloying kind of sweet : DreamWorks Animation 's The Croods is a spirited and eye-popping stealth charmer .
You do rather wonder if an American studio will ever again have the nerve to make a children 's animation with the simple , unblunted power of Dumbo or Bambi .
In an interesting way , `` The Croods '' is about storytelling - cave paintings , hints of oral tradition , stumbling upon metaphors - and the impulse to remember amid change . There 's something touching in that ...
The familiarity of the characters and their dynamics do make the movie feel comfy . You 'll probably go into the prehistoric animated comedy thinking you know what it 's going to be , and you 'll be right .
`` The Croods '' rests on the notion of the patriarch who must learn to adapt and let go . -LRB- I resent this storyline , for the record . -RRB-
The fact that it constantly undermines its own message does n't entirely diminish its base appeal .
Despite a few too many mother-in-law jokes , `` The Croods '' nicely makes it clear that even before they had fire , families understood how important it was to cherish and protect each other .
The best-looking animated film since Rango . The Croods has something for everybody .
The Croods is the most entertaining film of the year thus far -- a Neolithic knockout .
Evidently exists to depict the invention of people being smacked in the face .
This material could have easily fallen into sitcom clichés with a heaping scoop of anachronism jokes on the side , but The Croods takes these characters and their situation seriously enough to make the story matter .
Was -LSB- this -RSB- secretly produced by the Institute for Creation Research ? ... -LSB- W -RSB- ho but Western creationists would believe that ... humanity was created intact with 1950s values ?
The film takes more than a few pages from the James Cameron playbook .
Reminiscent of classic Flintstones and Simpsons episodes .
It 's all well enough .
A handful of adrenalizing sequences of animated anarchy ca n't save this story from feeling overly primitive .
A funny , spectacular comedy animation with the added dimension of being deep-rooted in our biggest 21st Century fears .
Enjoyable , colourfully animated and frequently funny comedy with a witty script , some inventive ideas , impressive 3D work , a strong message and strong comic performances from a talented vocal cast .
When the Croods wake up each morning their rallying cry is `` Still Alive ! '' It gets a big laugh , but comes from a genuine place of panic .
I credit the movie for basing its humor in a subversive real-world setting in caveman trappings .
Borrowing from Ice Age and The Incredibles , Croods is not original , but it 's visually satisfying , a fun adventure for young indiscriminating viewers .
It may literally be an old story ... but it 's a good one .
The storytelling is n't as sharp as some of the better recent animated flicks , but the wondrous critters and sproingy slapstick should please families with small children .
Postmodernism goes premodern in this fun animated family adventure that fills its late Ice Age setting with anachronistic details , while tracing a father-daughter relationship that could come from any time .
The film remains as a very conventional , somewhat formulaic animation , which although enjoyable in parts , does n't bring anything particularly new to the genre
Nic Cage 's best work since `` Kick Ass . ''
It 's all entertaining enough , and will surely sell plenty of stuffed toys . But it winds up a fair few rungs below the likes of ` Brave ' on the evolutionary ladder .
DreamWorks ' latest is a lusciously mounted but simple-minded adventure that wo n't long linger in your memory .
The Croods reps one of DreamWorks ' better efforts since the action takes place in a world of startling beauty and striking life forms .
`` The Croods '' is both brisk and beautiful , and should be sufficiently entertaining for family audiences for whom few such options exist these days .
This prehistoric tale may take a bit of time to really get going but by the end I was very happy to spend a little quality time with the other `` modern stone-age family . ''
A familiar story made fresh thanks to great voice acting and dizzying , dazzling action . Parents wo n't hate themselves afterward .
Mild 3D animated adventure about a prehistoric family who leave their cave for the big wide world .
A side-splitting , thrill-a-minute adventure reminiscent of the best of The Flintstones . Wilma !
Gorgeously animated adventure has intense themes .
Ploughing this coming-of-age furrow is fine , though The Croods hardly does it with any sophistication , preferring to wow us with hyperkinetic action .
Though impressive in many technical and surface ways , it lets us down on the essentials of character and story , and no amount of late-stage father/daughter bonding or vertiginous 3D cliffside tumbling can make up for that .
For the most part it 's Neanderthal compared to the Pixar stable .
If its dialogue is tepid , its physical comedy is lively , sometimes with real imagination in its colour palette and the odd animals that populate its 3-D landscapes .
Further back on the evolutionary chain than the Flintstones , and also lagging in the comedy stakes , this sweet Stone Age clan nonetheless will captivate the youngsters .

@highlight

While it may not be as -LRB- ahem -RRB- evolved as the best modern animated fare , The Croods will prove solidly entertaining for families seeking a fast-paced , funny cartoon adventure .