`` Kings '' is a mess , edited with a butter knife and emotionally constipated .
... frenetically paced yet lacking narrative urgency and focus , unintentionally sabotaging its intentions and rendering the result less impactful than it aspires to be .
For all its best efforts , Kings fails to put the 1992 Los Angeles riots into focus .
What once felt fresh and honest now comes across as completely phony .
It 's about screaming and loud yelling . Not to be left out , even Craig gets a screaming scene .
This dud recreation of the 1992 L.A. riots traps Halle Berry and Daniel Craig and a piece of momentous , civil-rights history in a crazyquilt of random action , absurdist humor , bogus romance and questionable purpose .
The tone of the piece is all over the place , from tear-jerking pathos to ribald comedy and back again .
Strange and evocative , but not really satisfying .
It 's possible to appreciate the film for recognizing both the horror and the absurdity in its subjects ... and for playing exclusively in those extreme registers , yet still come to the conclusion that it 's is all bark , no bite .
A harrowing descent into depravity that makes The Florida Project look like Leave It to Beaver .
Kings is clueless about its subject matter .
while it deserves criticism for being wildly unfocused and messy , ... it 's when Kings slows down that Erguven best captures civil unrest with brutal honesty .
It seems like a missed opportunity to dramatize the lives of real people caught up in the aftermath of the violence .
The English-language debut from the brilliant talent behind best foreign film picture nominee Mustang is a terribly uneven , borderline absurdist jumble that undercuts its own message again and again .
Frustrating and tone-deaf , the movie remembers the L.A. riots as an absurd comedy .
In tying its story to this particular moment in American history , the movie bites off more than it can coherently chew .
How does a filmmaker go from a lauded debut to a sophomore feature this disastrous ?
Chaotic , melodramatic , but a vivid impressionist sketch of lives upended or lost in the LA riots .
Look , Deniz Gamze Ergüven is a talented filmmaker , and I 'm sure Kings was conceived with admirable intentions , but what made it to the screen is a dumpster fire . There is nothing redeemable
Deniz Gamze Ergüven 's nightmarishly terrible Kings has a long career ahead of it as an object lesson in how not to exploit current events for festival acclaim .
The most shameful mistake is the bizarre choice to cross-cut back and forth between a violent teenage tragedy and a slapstick comedy scene involving two movie stars MacGyvering their way out of police handcuffs in their underwear .
Starring Halle Berry and Daniel Craig , Deniz Gamze Ergüven 's sophomore film is a tonal disaster , jerking from shrill melodrama to screwball comedy and always at the most inappropriate of moments .
The missteps seem to never end as the director and actors struggle to bring some kind of coherence to this unwieldy film .
Eschewing poeticism for an empty sense of prefab empathy , `` Kings '' is so determined to be hopeful that it forgets to be honest .
For all its honorable intentions to address sensitive issues that still sting , Kings is an unconvincing tonal patchwork .
An unmediated jumble .
A baffling and frustrating disappointment .

@highlight

Kings has good intentions , a talented cast , and the basis for an incredible fact-based story ; unfortunately , they do n't amount to much more than a missed opportunity .