No matter how many times anyone tries to appropriate shaky camera techniques , they 'll never recreate anything as real as a reporter fleeing heavily armed police .
Mesmerizing , Oscar-nominated inside look into the 2007 uprising via the cameras of 30 or so underground videographers who risked torture and prison to record the chaotic events surrounding the rebellion of Buddhist monks against the repressive military
... pummeling , electrifying
It 's powerful , to be sure , but the most interesting scene is one in which two reporters discuss the impact of their work ; are they really changing anything ?
Events are movingly and fortuitously recorded here , but the world 's attention has shifted to other media moments .
If it is rather more interesting as a social and political document than a cinematic one , well , politics and society can be important , too .
Burma VJ celebrates the courage of the Democratic Voice of Burma -LRB- DVB -RRB- , a group of underground journalists who risked their lives to document the 2007 uprising against the junta .
The word ` brave ' is thrown around too liberally in Hollywood . The folks behind Burma VJ are the bravest souls you 'll see on screen this year .
the footage , with the picture jumping as frenetically as the protesters being filmed , brings home as nothing else quite can the energy and the danger of the events depicted
Burma VJ would be even more intense without its early announcement that some scenes have been restaged , putting the viewer in a regrettably uncertain relationship to what follows .
Narrated by a frightened journalist who trembles as he accumulates forbidden footage and provides a historical viewpoint , `` Burma VJ '' uses shocking video images and reconstructed scenes to create a coherent , mostly chronological account of what happened .
In traditional terms , this is hardly a film at all . It 's more like a bootlegged YouTube video .
Although directed by Denmark 's Anders Ostergaard , the true heroes of Burma VJ are the cadres of guerrilla video journalists who secretly filmed the junta 's brutal suppression of the popular revolt in the fall of 2007 .
Ostergaard could have just thrown this together like coleslaw and Burma VJ still would be an important documentary .
Watching these brave amateurs is pretty compelling , which is a good thing .
An awe-inspiring documentary by Denmark 's Anders Ostergaard that tracks how the news escaped in 2007 during Burma 's civil uprising .
Thanks to the new guerrilla narrative , the world has a constant flow of images to file in its collective consciousness . And that camera-testable accountability slowly becomes a global civic right that fulfills the noblest purpose of journalism .
Watch this and you will long remember Burma - and briefly join a revolution .
Demonstrates what can be done through the ingenious use of small cameras and mobile phones by brave , resourceful opponents of repressive regimes , and it deserves to be shown widely .
Burma VJ -LRB- Video Journal -RRB- is as gripping as any Hollywood thriller - and as heartbreaking as any weepie as we watch the celebratory mood that briefly blossomed in Rangoon give way to appalling violence .
Burma VJ documents the work of such courageous journalists , who , at the risk of imprisonment or worse , film antigovernment activities using small consumer cameras .
An inspiring , and occasionally horrifying , documentary .
Compelling and , for anyone who values truth , essential .
It 's a flawlessly constructed piece of work , as relentlessly gripping as it is educational , a righteous and even uplifting paean to the continued importance of collective protest .
Transcending all questions of quality , this remarkable expose raises integral questions about human rights and investigative journalism . Can a film bring down the government ? Not likely . Can it change the world ? No doubt .
With visceral power , they show how the support of Burma 's monks gave vital authority to the protests .
Not particularly well-rounded then , but any film that gives voice to the oppressed while raising global awareness has got to be a good thing .
Shaky recordings , interspersed with reconstruction scenes at the VJ HQ , look surprisingly sharp and give Burma VJ an unforgettable and powerful immediacy .
As a film it is uneven but as a news document it is uncompromising and compelling .
This film about video journalists who captured images of soldiers attacking unarmed monks sends out a powerful message about the evils of censorship .
Anders Ostergaard 's documentary mixes a small amount of re-enactment - scenes of the Thai-based boss co-ordinating action by phone - with large amounts of scary , shocking or in some cases infamously celebrated footage .
It 's guerilla film-making of amazing courage .
A moving and galvanic account .
The footage , smuggled to Norway via Thailand , is raw and compelling . The story of how it was sneaked out is worthy of the best thrillers .
An important docu-drama with all the tension and immediacy of a political thriller .
There 's no doubting that this is a hugely important film .
An incredible documentary that serves as a remarkable testament to the power of the recorded image .
A deeply moving story about human courage and the astonishing tenacity of the journalistic spirit . Highly recommended .
Burma VJ articulates a circular , daunting , and inevitable logic : visibility = life .
Burma VJ is doubtless meant to serve as a tribute to the courage and indomitability of humans thrust into dire situations , but it can just as easily be seen as a sobering example of the evil that men do .
Even as the news-gathering apparatus in the US and elsewhere falters under the weight of new technology and outdated business models , Burma VJ is a fresh reminder that reporters can and must serve as a necessary Paine in the rear .
Do not expect slick filmmaking in this somber , sobering documentary , but this is not the film 's raison d'etre . Bringing the story to worldwide light is and I hope it works .
This trenchant piece of work might sound on the surface like watching a CNN broadcast in a movie theater , but Østergaard has formed his film like a political thriller ... astonishing and moving .
Burma VJ -- for video journalist -- is filmmaking at its most fearless , with -LSB- director -RSB- Ostergaard creating a suspenseful , harrowing account of his original key subject , known only as ` Joshua . '
Watching these scenes , which the leaders want to hide from the world , is pretty horrific . And the bravery of these young journalists is seriously inspirational
Ostergaard has woven stunning footage with invasive reenactments that confusingly blur the line between what 's real and what 's recreated , undermining the vivid , first-hand accounts that should be the film 's spine .
Anyone who doubts that a single individual can make a political impact should see Anders Ostergaard 's gripping documentary .
Suspenseful and captivating ... -LSB- It -RSB- finds just the right balance between entertaining the audience and provoking them intellectually as well as emotionally , without a dull moment from start to finish .
An incredibly moving documentary about the courage of an underground group of video journalists who bring to the world images of the 2007 protests in Burma
A great subject , but a so-so documentary .
A chilling look at the monks ' uprising inside Burma in 2007 .
Embedded within this meta-testament to the brave Burmese souls who risk all is a reminder that , in our era of info overload -LRB- too much imagery , too many screens ! -RRB- , technology is the next-gen frontier for fighting oppression .
The news footage , so powerful on its own , needs no enhancement . The dramatized scenes only slow the film 's momentum .
A chilling look at the 2007 monks ' uprising inside Burma .
A roller coaster of alternating hope and despair .
Burma VJ is a rich , thought-provoking film not only because of the story it tells , but also because of the perspective it offers .
A haunting reminder that the news can still be heroic -- if only where it 's expressly forbidden .
Burma VJ : Reporting from a Closed Country reignites the gut-wrenching ethos of early cinema verite as it reaffirms the power of `` film truth '' and the imperative for freedom of speech as a fundamental human right .




@highlight

A powerfully visceral docu-drama highlighting the evils of censorship and the essential need for freedom of speech .