The ads for Blood and Chocolate proudly declare that it 's ` from the producers of Underworld ' , as if that 's something to brag about .
A far cry from such sneakily subversive werewolf-sex tales as The Company of Wolves or Ginger Snaps , this pallid little picture is all Lost Boys posturing by way of the sublimely ridiculous Covenant .
The city ends up being more interesting than the story or characters . Too bad we can barely see it .
The elegant decay of Bucharest offers welcome visual relief from this otherwise tedious goth romance .
Numbingly pedestrian .
A bland , forgettable , and sub-par teen marketed horror cash-in that bored me to tears ...
A truly laughable movie , one that takes itself far too seriously without ever taking a moment to consider who its audience is -- or if it even has one .
... the film 's positives are ultimately outweighed by its negatives .
A junior version of Underworld , minus the vampires , the action scenes , the cool FX , and the half-a-brain .
click for review
This movie is another sign of a growing tendency in contemporary cinema towards conspicuous imitation . It seems that originality is no longer something to aspire to .
Sangue & Chocolate talvez devesse se chamar Câmera & Lenta , já que sua diretora utiliza este recurso à exaustão ao longo da projeção .
It 's a beautifully shot , good little picture .
The film 's awkward connections among nationality , gender , and race -LRB- `` human '' and `` canine '' -RRB- never quite cohere , but Vivian 's ability to embrace her dual nature marks her difference from her narrowly focused masculine associates .
Setting up a conflict between humans and lycanthropes , this inelegant adaptation of Annette Curtis Klausse 's teen novel wants to be a tragedy , with the `` loup garoux '' - that 's a fancy term for werewolves - struggling for survival in present day Romania .
If it came to a wolfbitch fight , the girls from Ginger Snaps could rip up the entire werewolf race from Blood and Chocolate without mussing their fur .
... pretty much your standard teenage-Romanian-werewolf movie ...
Cheap special effects and banal dialogue rule .
Most of the dialogue verges between the hormonally overwrought and the insipid .
So little happens in Blood and Chocolate that it almost serves as a cautionary tale about traveling to Romania - even if you 're a werewolf , you 're going to be sullen and boring .
Despite a few shock cuts and some decently staged shootouts , Blood and Chocolate is rarely thrilling and never scary ... and it seems to have been designed that way . If anything , it 's a romance masquerading as a horror film .
Anyone going to a PG-13 horror film called Blood and Chocolate thinking that it 's going to be good has serious reality issues .
The only creature this heavily accented leader of the pack -LSB- Olivier Martinez -RSB- resembles is Pepé Le Pew .
No effects and no cheese . Even one shot of Olivier Martinez howling at the moon would 've been worth my matinee ticket .
Moments of inspiration vie in vain with Goth cliché .
A silly werewolf movie without any fangs .
There 's no official rule which says that werewolf movies have to be boring , but it does n't seem like anyone has tried particularly hard in a long , long time .
There is n't enough absinthe in all of Romania to obliterate the taste of this clunker .
Somewhere , Lon Chaney Jr. must be howling mad .
This is the kind of werewolf flick that seems to have used up its entire special-effects budget on canine contact lenses .
There 's no real meat here -- as the studio , which would not screen this in time for critics , certainly suspected .
The preview audience watched most of this in stony silence , broken only by the contented sound of critics scratching bad dialogue in their notepads .
Less of a horror movie than a romance , `` Blood and Chocolate '' is opens a new vein for werewolf stories .
Vivian says they are heading for the ` Age of Hope ' , but this movie is heading more for the ` Age of the Video Store ' and it should be arriving soon .
A romantic triangle between werewolves and humans does n't sound dull , but director Katja von Garnier seems to determined to drain the life out of it .
In seeking to make a chick flick with fangs , the producers of the vampire franchise Underworld are doing a grave disservice to the genre .
Worthy of a franchise , but Bruckner has to go .
Part romance , part horror movie , there is n't much chocolate in Blood and Chocolate , and there is n't really much blood , either , in this less-than-thrilling thriller .
January is horror flick month , there 's other stuff more worthy .
Based on a popular teen novel by Annette Curtis Klause , Blood and Chocolate revises classic werewolf legend and effectively neuters it in the process .
Uninvolving and cliché-ridden -LRB- even shape-shifters , it seems , deserve a falling-in-love montage -RRB- , Blood & Chocolate is Romeo and Juliet with fewer manners and more exotic dentition .
Blood and Chocolate has no audience . Horror fans will be disgusted by the lack of gore . Romance fans will be disgusted by the presence of gore .
I found Blood and Chocolate to be a lovely surprise , an imaginative and visually lush picture firmly rooted in the tradition of gothic romance and elegiac horror films about misunderstood monsters .
A slapdash supernatural adventure-romance .
You could almost overlook the chemistry vacuum between Bruckner and Dancy , but the shots of actors leaping and morphing into wolves are so cheesy that they make the bargain-basement special effects in Teen Wolf look Oscar worthy in comparison .
Occasionally there 's some unintended comedy , such as the part in which a werewolf actually says grace before he 's about to chomp into a man 's neck . Ironic for a movie that does n't have a prayer .
For a movie so humorless , it 's amazing how much humor can be found while watching Blood and Chocolate .
A pack of attractive Romanians do it werewolf style in a mixed bag of teenage romance and watered down scariness . Unfortunately , neither romance or horror enough for enthusiasts of either persuasion .
The derivative and dim-witted Blood and Chocolate at least provides a practical metaphor for its own detrimental impact on cinema culture .
This wolf story is toothless .
A movie itself caught between two worlds , a sweet and sour concoction that all adds up to a lot of nonsensical scenes in search of an idea .
If you have a decent laptop , a copy of the Final Cut Pro software , some gray spray paint and access to a German shepherd , then you can probably make a better-looking werewolf than the ones in Blood & Chocolate .
Blood & Chocolate does offer two tiny consolations . At least it 's not a vampire movie . And at least this bad German horror director is n't Uwe Boll .
Blood and Chocolate is dressed up to look like a teen romance with Shakespearean pretensions , so its problems go much deeper than the stingy use of blood and absence of scares .
It 's all so routine and rudimentary the picture is borderline narcoleptic , and if not for some delicately subtle performances and a few gorgeously surreal visual touches the thing would be nothing more than a complete waste of time .
It 's no great shakes in either direction , but the crossover attempt is mildly interesting .
All of these defects , which are n't unusual in movies of modest budget , could be forgiven if Blood and Chocolate were actually scary . But it is n't ; not even a little bit . Werewolf devotees , however , may nevertheless feel that it bites .
The more we see of these werewolves , the more we notice that they come in two flavors : conflicted moping -LRB- played by Agnes Bruckner -RRB- and fey Eurotrash -LRB- played by everyone else -RRB- .
Blood and Chocolate raises questions about the individual versus the group and tradition versus progress but ... is more interested in flaunting the film 's lame special effects than mining its thematic potential .
This film is not one of the worst I 've ever seen , but it wo n't be winning any prizes either.It may find a secondary life as a DVD rental but in terms of where it stacks up against other werewolf films , it 's a dog .
... a dark , moody fairytale set in modern day , perfect for a date with that special someone who does n't want to be subjected to the usual gore overkill we 've been treated to in the past couple of years
Hot Topic : The Movie .
If the bad title is n't enough to scare you off , there 's little else in this lame werewolf romance that might do the job .
There 's enough moral ambiguity in this human/werewolf romance to give it the depth necessary to keep the film from falling completely flat .
Some of the action is ponderous ... The dialogue is nothing to get excited about ... and no one in the cast has a chance at getting an Oscar nomination , but it 's not the worst movie you will ever see .
All things considered , a more appropriate title would have been Oil and Water .
Silliness is mostly kept at bay -LRB- though the werewolves ' habit of hopping around while in human form made me wonder at first if the movie was about werefrogs or werekangaroos -RRB- .
For a werewolf movie , this is an awfully toothless , turgid effort .
Blood & Chocolate is a werewolf movie for teen girls to giggle at when they are n't contemplating their own quest for sensual and societal freedom .
While I wo n't say Blood and Chocolate is an out-and-out dog , it 's not likely to get many genre fans ' tails a-wagging .
Blood and Chocolate is an unmitigated triumph : it 's successfully carved out a cozy niche in the hallowed halls of ineptitude .





@highlight

Cheap CG effects and laughable dialogue make Blood and Chocolate worse than the usual werewolf flick .