Fact is : This movie 's white-liberal patronizing barely suppresses its loathing and repulsion for a figure it pretends to idolize .
And there 's something to be said about a film that takes such wide-flared gambles with narrative and character .
What remains is a proper film in the service of a great actor dressed in the costume of an extraordinary character . It might appear to be enough but we expected something much better from its director . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Confused and arguably unfocused ... -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
The most memorable sequences involve the protagonist 's debates with the new voices of activism that are worth their weight in gold . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Roman J. Israel , Esq. . Is a film as refractory as its title . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Roman J. Israel , Esq has some general problems , but reaffirms that Gilroy is a filmmaker to watch ... -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
In reality this story does n't have much more to offer than -LSB- Denzel Washington 's -RSB- fabulous performance . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
The script is intelligent , round and well thought out . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
The performance of Washington , as usual , is irreproachable , to such an extent that his character is not only interesting but even touching .
-LSB- Denzel Washington -RSB- saves it from complete catastrophe . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
The problem is that , like its protagonist , the film works under expired precepts ... not lacking in value , but with little interest to speak to a contemporary audience . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
` Roman ' is more beautiful for its flaws ; it 's cantankerous and possibly insufferable and the sort of shot in the dark that grows in memory .
The bloated , unfocused and ludicrously U-turning script drags , and despite the lengthy running time , the story fails to give any character a satisfying arc .
There 's an interesting drama in there , but it has not been given time to fight its way out of the semi-digested mulch all around .
The film never quite recovers from its abrupt handbrake turn on Roman 's moral character . It makes zero dramatic sense for an already marginalised character to justify the world 's marginalisation of him .
Roman J Israel , Esq is a rambling mess of a film that sees Denzel Washington playing a former civil-rights activist who , perhaps held back by his autistic tendencies or poor wardrobe choices .
Worth seeing for Washington 's committed performance ...
We do n't learn very much about Israel 's relationships or motivations from the screenplay , but it 's fascinating to watch Washington 's display of repressed turmoil .
A fine film could have been built around -LSB- Denzel Washington -RSB- , but Dan Gilroy 's screenplay veers off in 10 directions at once after a promising start , and tells its story clumsily .
We 're getting Denzel Washington at his best , but with a script that does n't do justice to his performance .
The results are entertaining and watchable , but always slightly , oddly out of sync with the eponymous turn .
A Washington vehicle in the purest sense , one whose whole reason for being is the fact that he 's in it .
Through his sheer learned technique and presence , Washington sells this one .
The film survives off the back of a remarkable lead display by Washington , who brings such a muted stillness to the role at hand , and so much nuance .
It ends in a very unsatisfactory way but that does n't take away from the mercurial originality of Washington 's performance .
Clearly conceived as a morality play , the awkwardly titled film is too contrived and predictable to efficiently deliver the emotional punch it aims for .
Like a Perry Mason episode that has accidentally collided with Philadelphia .
-LSB- Denzel -RSB- Washington is perfectly good but the script does n't give him enough to make this worthy of all the attention .
Muddy and slow in spots , but offbeat enough to keep you watching .
A worthy but wordy look at the inequities of the US legal system , saved by a handful of terrific scenes and a tour-de-force turn from Washington .
Roman J. Israel , Esq is a fantastic showcase for Washington who really shines here , making Israel noble , flawed and unknowable . Yet , taken as a whole , it is n't quite worthy of the character or his performance .
A disappointing sophomore effort from Dan Gilroy ...
Washington 's performance is full of nervous tics and mood swings that do n't amount to much - just like the movie overall .
-LSB- Denzel -RSB- Washington is brilliant , as always . Even though the film is a bit heavy on dialogue , I was intrigued .
An unusual , intermittently fascinating web of sociopolitical commentary and thrills carried painlessly by one of the great baby boomer thespians .
Denzel Washington is fun to watch as a character who does n't know who he wants to be in a script that does n't know what it wants to be .
This is a story of shifting ethics that should be dramatic , but shaky logic prevents that from happening .
It may fail to live up to the excellence of Gilroy 's debut , but the film still manages to deliver a poignant look at the pitfalls , and promise , of the American legal system .
Denzel Washington turns in one of the most interesting performances of his career . The film itself is n't quite on his level , but he makes it worth seeing
... the picture ranks among the year 's most confounding and flawed .
It 's a misfire for sure , but his next project should definitely be anticipated solely for whatever unorthodox character Gilroy cooks up next .
This awkwardly titled character study overdoses on quirks and stale platitudes about social and legal injustice , leaving its intriguing title character in search of a better film .
Sloppy characterizations mar intriguing story about a burnt-out lawyer .
But , strung together , the moments here make for too much convenience and an overdependence on a quirky outcast 's best intentions .
Roman J. Israel , Esq. makes room for moments that are so thought-provokingly enjoyable that the movie , which ca n't be called a success , may be more interesting than movies that would have garnered more praise .
Sublimely talented Denzel Washington deserves better than writer/director Dan Gilroy 's tepid , convoluted thriller .
It goes without saying that Washington , once again , proves to be the undisputed winner of this morality play .
One of the best performances of Washington 's career .
It 's admirably ambitious , with some great ideas , but its central conceit just does n't work
Roman J. Israel , Esq. has positively no idea what type of film it wants to be .
A character deserving a better movie built around him
Roman J. Isreal , Esq. is n't just a narrative about how three weeks can dramatically change your life , it 's a tale about the things we tell ourselves and how desire and excess can seduce even the most humble among us .
The City of Angels stays more interesting throughout than a couple of other characters do , including a wishy-washy , hotshot lawyer -LRB- Colin Farrell -RRB- and a rights activist -LRB- Carmen Ejogo -RRB- , popping in and out again as a possible love interest for Denzel .
If nothing else , the film rides on his mesmerizing performance and on Gilroy 's talent for character study . But after Nightcrawler , seeing Roman J. Israel , Esq. coast on craft rather than on transgression is nothing short of a letdown .
The film is not Washington 's best , but it , and that mindless/lumbering walk , will not disappoint Washington 's fans .
-LSB- Denzel -RSB- Washington clearly has a lot of fun inhabiting Roman 's shambling gait , his social miscues , and his inability to stay his mouth , even when its clear its to his detriment .
Gilroy came up with a compelling character and a thematic journey , then did n't bother writing a story in which to frame them . It 's like if the Lincoln Lawyer never got out of his car .
A crackling character study stumbles in the second act ... but that 's far better than the finale . Yikes .
` In the middle of the journey of our life , I found myself in a dark wood , for the straight way had been lost . ' Denzel 's 21st century Dante captivates as perhaps not coincidentally ` Roman ' J. Israel Esq. , in a film seemingly long been waiting to be made .
A movie that is as rambling and shambling and that has just about as much focus as its main character .
It 's a credit to Washington 's rock solid performance that we care as much as we do .
In setting up a dilemma for its central character and then dropping it for something else , we end up lacking any investment in Israel 's fate ...
Roman J. Israel , Esq. is a fascinating character study that ultimately fails as a cohesive film .
`` Nightcrawler '' writer/director Dan Gilroy 's second film is guilty of narrative muddle , but it is still well worth seeing for Denzel Washington 's brilliant character study , a performance unlike anything we 've seen from the actor before .
It 's a mess , but `` Roman J. Israel , Esq. '' is n't an unpleasant one , maintaining signs of life with turns of plot and the sheer force of Denzel Washington 's lead performance .
... the weird thing is , as gripping as all of this is in concept , in execution it 's oddly dull .
It is not a total failure by any means but , unlike its title character , it proves itself to be far to willing to settle and move on instead of trying to do something riskier and more potentially rewarding .
Unfortunately , the performance goes wasted in a movie that meanders far too often to make much sense or hold your attention for that matter .
You 'll admire the veteran actor for his work here , but you 'll wish the rest of the film surrounding him was as good and interesting as he and his character are . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Profanity , etc. - also Available -RRB-
Washington delves deeply into his talent to create Roman J. Israel , Esq. , a lawyer who has an apparently encyclopedic mind .
What 's even harder to take seriously is the film 's late shift into genre territory , which includes the most shameless and unnecessary car chase I 've seen in a long time .
Roman J. Israel , Esq. has pockets of intrigue , and writer-director Gilroy and Washington have teamed up to create a promising dramatic character . We just never get full delivery on that promise .
Washington conjures a character clearly in crisis who is equally repulsive and sympathetic . But this really is a mess , a glorious , well-acted mess . Rubberneckers : your must-see has arrived .
Roman J. Israel , Esq. features another standout performance by Washington , but the story around him is mundane and fails to leave an impression .
The story is surprisingly unfocused and , when it snaps out of the protracted setup phase , it plunges into quasi-thriller territory that relies on a series of hard-to-swallow contrivances .
Instead of embracing darkness and obsession like he did marvelously in `` Nightcrawler , '' Gilroy wants to redeem Roman and make us all feel good . It just does n't work .
Despite Denzel giving it his best shot , Roman J. Israel , Esq. never passes the bar .
Part character study , part legal thriller and part morality tale about means manifesting their own ends , `` Roman J. Israel , Esq. '' winds up being just as eccentric and unpredictable as its doggedly honorable , and far from perfect , leading man .
You ca n't stop watching -LSB- Washington -RSB- - and you ca n't stop wishing he did n't have to work so hard to keep the story together once it starts branching out in different directions .
It 's undeniably enjoyable to watch Washington sink his teeth into such a florid role -LSB- but -RSB- as a whole the picture feels manufactured rather than authentic and the plot goes haywire in the final act .
What a treat it is to see this great actor , after almost 40 years in movies , give a performance that feels both utterly unexpected and completely true .
This is a fine character study , anchored by Washington 's off-kilter , out-of-character performance and a sincere curiosity about testing the ideals of this man .
An uneven movie elevated by Denzel Washington 's distinctive performance .
In Roman J. Israel , Esq. , Denzel Washington establishes the inner life of his character without having to say a word .
Washington turns this seemingly unsympathetic character into a figure to embrace on the screen and to remember at awards time - the actor once again courts serious consideration at the Oscars .
Watching `` Roman J. Israel , Esq. '' is like watching a very long episode of `` Curb Your Enthusiasm , '' only without the laughs , and without a lead character who even knows that he 's annoying .
Washington 's -LRB- and Gilroy 's -RRB- newest project a victim of its own success . Anti-vanity , thy name is Roman .
You 're left with another Denzel Washington performance that gets under your skin and stays there , rankling away . That 's a lot more than most movies offer - even the better ones .
The film is a stimulating sharp turn away from storytelling conventions and a challenge for viewers who prefer narrative pabulum to dense , savory , chewy material . But it 's well worth making the effort .
We all know Denzel Washington is among the best in the business . We expect excellence from him . But that does n't make it any less enjoyable when he delivers , as he does here .
Written and directed by Dan Gilroy -LRB- Nightcrawler -RRB- , this affecting suspense film has been compared to the excellent Michael Clayton -LRB- by his brother , writer-director Tony Gilroy -RRB- , though Roman is more eccentric .
Roman J. Israel , Esq. is one brilliant performance in search of a movie .
Despite Washington 's best efforts , Roman J. Israel , Esq. feels like it was named after the wrong character .
The movie ca n't bring itself to push its central iceberg of a character into hotter water -- which is too bad , because that 's exactly where Washington thrives .
Even when the movie loses its way narratively , Washington 's in there , slugging , building a living , breathing character out of Gilroy 's knight-errant .
Denzel Washington delivers a striking performance in Roman J. Israel , Esq. .
Writer-Director Dan Gilroy 's narrative vehicle for this poignant character portrait is undeserving of its subject .
With his hunched gait , lack of people skills , and idealism built on quicksand , Washington makes you believe in Roman 100 percent .
But part of why `` Roman Israel '' is stumping some critics lies in how it so completely subverts liberal good guy movie conventions , and by destroying them makes that kind of hero feel human for a change .
Washington 's performance as Israel is quirky and charming enough to almost pull it off .
As in his harrowing Nightcrawler , Dan Gilroy tells the story of a brilliant , ill-fitting outsider in a vivid workplace , but this movie fails due to puzzling , choppy character arcs .
Washington gives one of his rare bad performances here , turning Roman into an improv sketch filled with tics , mannerisms and an overreliance on his attire .
There 's a sharp meditation on law and revolution within Israel , but it never fully surfaces , and it leaves a general impression of disappointment after a time .
It is basically a one man show but when the one man is Denzel Washington at his best , then the movie soars .
Roman J. Israel , Esq. is an acting treat and a thoughtful bit of old-school character study .
Even though he 's one of the best-known and most honored actors in the history of the movie business , Denzel Washington finds an entirely new register in Roman J. Israel , Esq. .
Washington 's quirky performance shines brightly , but in a movie that otherwise does n't present an especially strong case for rushing out to see it .
Whatever faults you find in Roman J. Israel , Esq as a movie - it tends to meander - there is no disputing the start-to-finish excellence of Denzel Washington in the title role .
What 's interesting about Roman J. Israel , Esq. ... is that what does n't work about it is exactly what did work about Gilroy 's earlier film , which was one of my favorites of 2014 .
For an actor whose powerful presence usually slaps you in the face , that 's one helluva stunning transformation .
Though the film is completely worth seeing just to experience such a totally realized performance and hear Gilroy 's always sharp dialogue , the reality and complexity of the character turns out to clash with plotting that is not as convincing .
An unlikely melodrama of temptation , downfall and redemption .
-LSB- Director Dan -RSB- Gilroy goes bigger and better with a film deserving a long life at the box office .
Either Roman is too pure for the world of this movie or he is not . Mr. Gilroy , perhaps similarly caught between integrity and commercial calculation , gets as lost as his hero .
The story 's unclear and the characters seem to contradict themselves .
To be fair to Denzel , who tends to be reliably commanding even when slumming it in commercial crap , it 's hard to imagine anyone doing wonders with this particular title role .
We spend lots of time watching this guy be disappointed and disappointing , with too many dead stretches in which we can wonder when the plot 's shoes will finally start dropping .
Denzel Washington , a movie star for a reason , fails to sell himself as a socially awkward introvert and self-proclaimed `` man behind the curtain . ''
Washington gives us another astounding performance of a deeply idiosyncratic man , but the film around him often is n't as skillful , meandering in places and gradually becoming more like a lot of other films .
Denzel Washington is quite convincing as well as moving , here , as a beleaguered soul afflicted with Asperberger 's syndrome .
Roman J. Israel , Esq. , has its moments - thanks mostly to the ever-watchable Washington - but it 's heavy-handed in its message .
-LSB- Denzel -RSB- Washington tops himself as the title character .
Roman J. Israel , Esq. is a mess .
If ever there was a situation in which a great actor playing a complex role saves a film from itself , Roman J. Israel , Esq. is it .
Denzel Washington gives a truly remarkable performance in , and as , Roman J. Israel , Esq. .
Throughout the film , a promising character study is smothered beneath lazy genre machinations .
Roman J. Israel , Esq. is two great movies combined into a good one . It 's anchored by big ideas and a wonderful performance , but stories A and B never mesh into something deeper .
The newest thriller from the Academy Award-nominated writer does not disappoint .
Dan Gilroy 's NIGHTCRAWLER follow-up is an odd mixed bag with a fascinating central performance .
In more ways than one , Gilroy 's film reminded me of Paul Thomas Anderson 's equally ambitious and fascinating take on the '70s movies , `` Inherent Vice . '' No surprise then that both films share the same director of photography the brilliant Robert Elswitt .
Washington crafts an eccentric yet engaging performance , but in tuning the movie to the key of an unconventional and , in many ways , unbendable leading character , Gilroy ca n't quite find the story 's rhythm .
It 's a decent character piece for Washington to break away from that same cocksure role we 've seen him play so many times before
Denzel Washington may be the most accomplished actor of our generation .
Roman J. Israel , Esq does n't know what kind of film it wants to be .
A rare bad performance from Denzel Washington sinks Roman J. Israel , Esq. , writer-director Dan Gilroy 's follow-up to 2014 's Nightcrawler .
While Washington delivers another breathtaking solid performance , the film itself is stuck with an incohesive plot and meandering scenes .
Writer/director Gilroy makes considered points about recent Black activism , its different variations and the contradictions between them but he throws it all into a confused mix that is so frustrating to follow and never emotionally engaging .
This is a formula movie but Gilroy is no hack . He hits the expected beats but with more color and depth than you expect .
But the movie comes up short of generating the same passion that keeps Roman going - and when he starts losing faith in his mission , the movie follows suit .
-LSB- Washington is -RSB- the best part of a clunky crowd-pleaser that bills itself as a dramatic thriller but is n't really that .
Denzel Washington gives a terrifically off-kilter performance in this fascinating and flawed character study that frustratingly ca n't meld all its ambitions into a coherent and satisfying whole .
It 's not a role we 're used to seeing Washington play ... but he 's never been better .
This is a transformative , absolutely committed Denzel Washington . He 's created a character that may be less like the celebrated actor than any role he 's played over the past decade .
Overall Roman J. Israel , Esq. is another iconic Denzel Washington movie , and one that seems sure to get him some Oscar attention this fall .
Unfortunately , something at the center just does n't hold , and it flies apart over the course of 133 minutes into confusing shards of plot , legalese-heavy monologues and ... a touch of soggy sentimentality in the home stretch .
Its depiction of weary activism , both lost and renewed , is well-suited to our dark times .
Roman is a fantastic character , and Washington 's high-wire performance is one of his most daring and compelling .
There 's never been a Denzel Washington performance like this one , and there 's never been a protagonist quite like Roman J. Israel .
It 's a movie that could have packed an emotional punch and considered the cost of pursuing purity , but instead it settles for schmaltz .

@highlight

Intriguing yet heavy-handed , Roman J. Israel , Esq. makes the most of -- but never quite lives up to -- Denzel Washington 's magnetic performance in the title role .