This is one of Jaglom 's most curious and oddly moving films .
I 've been among the unbelievers , but Hollywood Dreams turned me around -- to a point . Perhaps it 's because the film is among Jaglom 's best , love him or leave him .
Another clumsy Jaglom vanity project that 's as grating as fingernails on a blackboard .
This film is too out there for a strong recommendation .
This is a quirky little movie that may have some people heading for the exits before the first 15 minutes have passed .
It 's the Hollywood dream factory as seen through -LSB- director -RSB- Jaglom 's lens , and it 's often out of focus .
The balance of this indie production -LRB- Jaglom 's 14th -RRB- consists of his usual weakly improvised relationship comedy .
Jaglom 's Hollywood Dreams are far closer to reality than they might seem . Unfortunately .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Jaglom 's scruffy style does n't carry it through . He puts enough toxic insincerity on screen to singe , though .
The movie caves in on the issue of charm .
The director lets actors do their thing , to a fault , which makes Frederick 's blitzkrieg of a performance often off-putting but occasionally mesmerizing .
An indifferent stylist at best , -LSB- Jaglom 's -RSB- films stand or fall depending on the talent and appeal of his leads , and he 's found a good one in Frederick .
Amateurishly put together and reverently self-referential it 's hard to imagine this movie having much appeal for anyone beyond its own cast and crew . Given the apparent size of its budget , though , that 's probably enough to make it profitable .
Hollywood Dreams is a must for Jaglom fans . For other viewers , it will depend upon how much they can take of Jaglom 's improvisational style and Frederick 's over-the-top , tear-filled acting .
The biggest problem is inexperienced lead Tanna Frederick , who overplays every scene .
Knowing but never jaded , Hollywood Dreams is driven by Ms. Frederick 's no-boundaries commitment to her broken character , a performance that 's as startling as it is touching .
Hollywood Dreams is meant to be an insider 's tale , but it feels like it comes from the cinema of hangers-on .
An exceedingly modest comedy an annoying motormouth with almost nothing interesting to say . ... If I ever laughed , I do n't remember it .
Too often Jaglom 's touch is slightly off , piling up a mountain of absurdist scenes rife with oddball , `` human '' behavior that tests viewer patience .
Like John Cassavetes and Martin Scorsese , Jaglom knows how to push a scene into realms of such emotional nakedness that the viewer starts to feel like a voyeur looking in on relationships that are none of his or her business .
Better pruning and different choices might have helped to shape the film into a more cohesive piece , instead of one so desperate to be funny that it sacrifices its honesty .
This might play funnier and less off-putting were if Frederick 's Margie was not so disquietingly desperate .
Makes late night infomercials seem exciting by comparison .
It 's a clunky , slack , directionless film that ultimately heads in a meaningful direction , but makes much of the route there seem unnecessary .
This take on the classic story of an ingenue trying to make her way in the City of Angels is no pleasure -- not when the ingenue is Margie Chizek -LRB- Tanna Frederick -RRB- .
The 15th film in 35 years written and directed by Henry Jaglom , that love-him-or-hate-him iconoclast of American independent filmmaking , is also one of his warmest .



@highlight

Yet another film about a small town girl trying to make it in the City of Angels , Hollywood Dreams ' improvisation and absurdity tests viewers ' patience .