I am also exactly who this special is for . For Gadsby 's fury is directed at people like me with laser-like acumen , humor and sobering grace .
It 's not a repudiation of history , but it is a reminder that history is over and that the strategies that served us well at one time may not be appropriate today .
It 's a startling performance , moving slowly but inexorably from barbed sweetness to outright rage , and it should take most viewers , especially men , right out of their comfort zone .
Nanette is n't for someone who wants to laugh a lung out , and yet it 's something everyone should see .
Gadsby 's show is a tricksy , self-conscious beast , full of sleight of hand ... It is a strange , rare thing : a comedy show that hopes you do n't leave laughing .
That story is both funny and horrible , and Gadsby has told it over and over again . But this time , she does n't just want to laugh it off .
You can believe this was a show that existed only in this moment and you feel elevated from being a part of it .
Gadsby explains how comedy works , how tension is broken to bring relief . By the end , there is no relief for the audience . But perhaps there is some for Gadsby . After years of telling jokes , she is finally telling her story .
When you take the anti-irony train all the way to the end of the line , one place you can end up is Nanette .
The laughs of her show are a means to an end , which is , at its core , a ferocious attack on comedy itself .
One of the things Gadsby is doing is exploring tools for telling stories , particularly stories of trauma .
She offers an alternative to privilege and hate that is so simple , so beautiful and so right , it shimmers .
Gadsby refuses to alleviate the guilt of problematic white dudes , and I 'm here for it .
Highly recommended , but fair warning : it 's not just funny .
Storytelling is important to Gadsby , and the biggest point she makes in the special is that we 've been telling ourselves stories the wrong way .
Gadsby invites us in , pushes us back . She reveals and withdraws and then finally , devastatingly , reveals so much that the pain and anger seeps from the screen . It is remarkable .
What Gadsby does in this unassuming sneak attack is disassembly of the artistry and trick of comedy itself .
It might not be the funniest routine you watch all year , but it 's unique , and it will make you think .
It 's a powerful rejection of comedy itself .
In Nanette we witness the shock of the new , a voice that dares to speak to this frustrating and often hideous cultural moment , a comedian willing to drop the act . I would call Gadsby a genius , but she would likely push back against that term .
This is different . Not a little different , but totally different .
Hannah Gadsby 's Nanette is the mic drop to end all mic drops-a cross between comedy special and one-woman show that 's actually a 69-minute Dear John letter to the entire enterprise of stand-up .
A devastating , furious farewell .
Art , Gadsby makes clear-from painting to comedy-does not liberate everyone equally . It can replicate the same privileges and exclusions as the culture in which it was made .
In Nanette , Gadsby strains against the impulse to end every joke with a punchline . To diffuse the tension as such would be a cop-out . She wants the audience to sit with it ... powerful , uncomfortable , and searingly angry .
It is an extremely angry hour , an extremely cathartic one and an extremely necessary one . An art form can not thrive if it refuses to look itself in the face and question its own necessity .
Her finale is a blistering , impassioned plea for empathy , a furious call to action , and a battle cry to do better .
I truly hope Hannah Gadsby does n't quit comedy . The obvious irony of Nanette is that her finale has given her that push into mainstream attention and near-universal critical adoration .
Standup is , at its core , about an understanding of the power of shared space . Nanette takes that shared space and bursts it open .
In its rescrambling and redefining of what can take place on a comedy stage , it 's a beast that other sets are going to have to contend with this year .
Her observations are searing , scathing and very , very funny .
Nanette is the kind of work that leaves you shaken . Not because it 's really funny -LRB- it really is -RRB- , or because it 's equally heartbreaking , but because it finds a fusion of those two modes that 's incandescent .
A generation after Helen Reddy , Hannah Gadsby may not be your idea of a traditional woman . But she is still woman , and she is still human . Hear her roar .
by the end of the special , you have reached into a well of past lives and trauma and experience - there are several Gadsbys onstage , even if we just see one .
If you are wanting something to stake a claim to the most essential of-the-moment work of filmed entertainment for 2018 , then Nanette is probably it .

@highlight

Hannah Gadsby : Nanette brilliantly moves modern comedy into nakedly honest new territory , pivoting from dry humor to raw , powerful storytelling .