Funny , imaginative , ghoulish and rather beautiful .
If we take the idea of a romantic comedy set in the ruins of a dead society and dressed up with cannibal horror seriously at all , it 's hard to see how it could turn out better than this .
The movie , take it from me , is a lot more fun to sit through than to describe in a single sentence .
Bizarre , brilliant , but wayward in its dénouement .
With its molelike inhabitants , its sprawling war between flesh-eaters and lentil-men , its achingly sweet love story and surrealist blend of dusty antiquities and 21st-century gizmos , Delicatessen is indescribably wild .
All of this is handled in a breezy , off-handed , nutsy manner , as the superb cast combines to help bring it off .
Delicatessen is a fearsomely intense movie that mixes moods with formidable assurance .
Jean-Pierre Jeunet and Marc Caro made a brilliant feature film debut with this bizarre and visually stunning comedy about cannibalism .
A must see , Delicatessen is an absolute delight and a bizarrely madcap experience .
What will filmmakers Jeunet and Caro serve for dessert in their next movie ? Something equally daring , one hopes -- but more thoroughly cooked and a bit easier to swallow .
Sweet , sinister and endearingly scruffy .
Like a light-hearted Brazil it conjures up imagery of such impact , and such resonant subject matter that it will -LRB- ... -RRB- affect audiences for generations to come .
Serves up a stew that seems to be made of a little of everything from one hundred years of screen comedy , seasoned with Grand Guignol . -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB-
-LSB- A -RSB- black-hearted black comedy , directed as if it were a living cartoon .
Dark comedy-fantasy about cannibalism is n't for kids .
With their detached , sardonic and decidedly sick slant , Jeunet and Caro have served up a burnt-to-a-crisp feast .
There are no characters to care about or remember afterward -- just a lot of flashy technique involving decor , some glib allegorical flourishes , and the obligatory studied film-school weirdness .
A zany little film that 's a startling and clever debut for co-helmers Jean-Pierre Jeunet and Marc Caro .
Part macabre horror , part romantic drama , part childlike fable , this ingeniously original French film defies categorization , but is successful on all of these levels , which may explain why it has become an international cult classic .
If Rube Goldberg had concocted the film Eating Raoul , it might have turned out something like Delicatessen .
Eventually , Delicatessen descends into raw grotesquerie and excess . But first , it serves as an ample experimental field and proving ground for a wild talent that 's thankfully become more disciplined with time .
Delicatessen uses its aggressive stylization and capricious visual contraptions as a form of imprisonment .
A title certainly worthy of its cult status .
. . takes the gruesome , grisly business of murder and cannibalism and makes of it something quite poetic and quite funny .
Sure , it 's funny , it 's gross , it 's diabolically , unabashedly idiosyncratic , but it 's also an epic ode to that most fundamental expression of human endeavor -- creativity .
A black comedy mind-bender .
Increasingly inventive as it progresses , Jeunet and Caro 's fast , funny feature debut entertains from sinister start to frantic finish .
Strange , dark comedy that established Jeunet as a visual innovator .
visually astonishing
For all the film 's cannibalistic brutishness , it has -- thanks to the delicate performances of Pinon and Dougnac -- an undeniable sweetness .
Sublime , edible film with exquisite art direction .
An ingeniously funny film with a surprisingly sweet romance at its center .
Funny dark comedy with some good setpieces
Its last half-hour is devoted chiefly to letting the characters wreck the sets , and quite literally becomes a washout when the bathtub overflows .
An auspicious debut for Jeunet that tends to be overly praised , but is definitely worth seeing .
There 's brilliance here -- and a lot of downright sick fun .
As fascinating as it is weird . And it 's rrrrreally weird .
I ca n't say it makes a heck of a lot of sense , but this movie looks really , really good .
A hugely enjoyable film , Delicatessen welds comedy and magic into a bizarre , grotesque fantasy of an oddball dystopian future .
Marc Caro and Jean-Pierre Jeunet 's film leaves you overwhelmed and breathless .
A laboriously self-conscious attempt at being avant-garde .
A fair bet for cultdom , a lot more likeable than its subject matter suggests , and simply essential viewing for vegetarians .
Just completely bizarre . Hold on for a weird ride .
Its content is wholly original .
This lunatic 's take on the future of man is so delightfully warped that it 's impossible to shake it out of your head and go get a decent night 's sleep .
This is about as dark as farce can get .
An amazing film , filled with amazing style , a wonderful off-beat tone , and some bits of satire which work with the film instead of being apart from it .
This is a film for particularly morbid tastes in comedy .
Delicatessen could have some appeal to the cult film crowd who like their meat sliced thin ...






@highlight

Director Jean-Pierre Jeunet deftly combines horror , sci-fi , and humor in Delicatessen , a morbid comedy set in a visually ravishing futuristic dystopia .