The issues are timely , the pacing is snappy , and the grossout scenes are duly gross . But The Bay still feels like a passionless , paint-by-numbers tale .
With masterful and all-too-prophetic storytelling throughout , The Bay could be what Judgment Day will really look like .
A '50s premise , a '70s theme , and a new-fangled presentation . Fun stuff . Also it gets really gross and disturbing , which is meant as a compliment .
It 's a low-budget film , but often has effective death sequences with moderately good special effects . If only we could move away from the shaky-cam storytelling , I would be so much happier .
Even though multiple-sourced footage remains a potentially interesting way to shoot a movie , using this particular framing device really has become redundant .
The tension is well enough sustained , the horrors build steadily , the eco message is familiar .
Gruesome but oddly riveting .
Seeking to merge the conventions of found-footage horror with targeted social commentary , the film does its job with some skill ...
I am within a catfish 's whisker of giving this film five stars ; best to stop me before I elevate it to the ranks of Vertigo and Citizen Kane .
It 's cleverly put together , the threat nicely revealed via various footage and is never over exaggerated to such an extent that it loses touch with reality .
Effective but hollow , The Bay is a minor work from a director lost at sea .
More coherent and thought-provoking than most ` found-footage ' horror movies , this should appeal to genre fans and eco-activists alike .
A largely ineffective and ponderous movie that harnesses many of the worst elements of both the horror genre and the found footage trope .
All prologue and no pay-off , but compelling all the same , this curio plays out like Diary Of The Dead with more diaries and fewer dead .
Paranormal Activity creator Oren Peli helps that old dog Barry Levinson learn some new tricks in The Bay .
Levinson 's film proves something pretty unequivocally - any conceit , any style , be it found footage or shakycam or haunted house or whatever , can be great in the hands of a good filmmaker .
Barry Levinson makes the point that when a top flight filmmaker takes on a beaten-to-death genre -- found footage horror -- he or she can raise the bar , even if they do n't reinvent the wheel .
Faux-doc `` TV coverage '' device is n't the most convincing .
The film 's intimate approach smartly mixes genre conventions with modern technology , and the script is just plausible enough to generate some real suspense .
... effective and entertaining and has such a different voice than most horror movies that it should really surprise audiences .
-LSB- VIDEO ESSAY -RSB- Leave it to master-filmmaker Barry Levinson -LRB- `` Diner '' -RRB- to show just what is possible with the found-footage horror trope .
Levinson 's understanding of character elevates what could have been an absolute disaster but ca n't save the film from its genre failures and lack of tension .
Levinson cuts through the unrelenting nonsense that plagues so many of these efforts , preying on everyday fears to fashion a terror tale that slips right under the skin .
Joins Jaws and Open Water on the shortlist of films that can make you really , really uncomfortable about going in the water .
Although there are some scary moments here , and a lot of gruesome ones , this is n't a horror film so much as a faux eco-documentary .
You do n't need to be a germaphobe to feel shivers down your spine .
Director Barry Levinson appears reinvigorated here , smartly building tension and a sense of ominous foreboding with the multimedia approach .
The gross-out jolts are there , and the cautionary eco-fears . But it 's just not that thrilling .
The Bay 's new spin on the found footage film works very well . Let 's hope it becomes the rule and not the exception .
The micro-budget horror movie pulls off the harder-than-it-looks feat of tucking food for thought inside a very scary wrapper .
It kind of feels like Levinson figured that found-footage + horror + environment = coherent movie and did n't realize how wrong he was until it was too late .
The Bay works as both horror and environmental activism . This is a fright flick with a purpose .
A mixed bag - some of it is quite entertaining and thought-provoking while other parts are plain silly .
There are a few jump-out-of-your-seat shocks and a well-camouflaged environmental message , but Levinson 's most effective work here is creating an atmosphere of doom as the epidemic spreads .
Years from now when we look back on the found footage boom I suspect The Bay will be remembered as one of the more striking and interesting examples of the subgenre .
The Bay does n't break any new ground , but it shows Barry Levinson using the horror genre to his advantage .
With a topical premise -- and an intriguing explanation to back it up -- Barry Levinson 's The Bay is an admirable entry into the found footage genre .
The Bay is two-thirds of a captivating found footage outbreak movie that 's crushed under the weight of lofty ambition before completing its runtime .
` The Bay ' goes that little extra step from being just another gross-out horror pic .
The ecological horror film `` The Bay '' is a lot like `` Jaws '' - if the shark was about an inch long .
The flick smoothly does its job , narrowly avoiding B-movie lane .
-LSB- Levinson -RSB- demonstrates he can make a shakycam found-footage horror movie every bit as fake-looking , clumsy and unscary as your average college student working on a $ 200 budget .
A ripped-from-the-headlines psychological chiller that burrows under the skin with its terrifyingly local twist .
Like a `` Blair Witch Project '' for thinking adults , one that 's scary in two distinct ways .
The story becomes more ridiculous as it escalates , the film 's over-determined ecological focus undermining any real horror movie tension .
`` The Bay '' is better than a shallow exercise , but crabby horror fans may have preferred that Levinson took a real plunge .
It 's schlock with honor , schlock with a conscience , schlock that speaks to the way we live now .
There is a lot of nasty stuff to look at , but very little that is genuinely haunting , jolting or terrifying .
For Halloween-week fare you could do a lot worse , but `` The Bay '' fades quickly - like blood in the water .
A straightforward whatdunnit and a passionate slap in the face for a spineless EPA .
The movie might have a point -LRB- hey , Environmental Protection Agency , do something ! -RRB- , but it has no dramatic structure or sense of suspense .
One hell of a creepy little eco-horror pic .
You have to distance yourself from the spot-on simulation of kitsch in order admire it , and that process precludes engagement with it as drama .
Levinson knows his way around a story , and `` The Bay '' benefits greatly from that , coming together as something more than a high-tech parlor trick .
Does not abide by conventional storytelling , and yet one can not deny that it is genuinely creepy .
Sometimes Levinson goes with a less-is-more approach , sometimes he pours on the buckets of blood , but he definitely is digging the creepiness .
At least Levinson hammers it home that his beloved Chesapeake - like this movie - is 40 percent dead .
A gruesome but uninspired environmental-disaster thriller that 's an unconvincing example of the overexposed faux-found-footage horror subgenre .
Barry Levinson gives folks another reason to stay out of the water in this queasy biological catastrophe thriller .
Just when I thought it was safe to go back in the water ... here comes The Bay .
Levinson succeeds with his mission to both entertain and inform .
As a smart , scary time-passing horror film designed to have you Googling the scientific information it 's built on , satisfying your curiosity while roiling your guts with terror , The Bay has the will to thrill and the skill to scare .
Maybe it takes an old pro like Levinson to show how an increasingly played-out genre can be improved .
The Bay manages to scare up a real fear of environmental neglect . It 's quite possibly the first example of jump scares used in service of activism .
The Bay , a real creepfest , joins the suggestive company of eco-terror entries like Hitchcock 's The Birds and 1979 's Prophecy ...
Familiar faces and digital tricks are few and far between , making it easy to get caught up in the small-town cover-up at hand ...
The impact of Barry Levinson 's eco-apocalyptic nail-biter is undeniable , especially when you realize some of it is based on fact .
The Bay is Barry Levinson 's most engaged and entertaining movie since Wag the Dog , which is n't to say that he 's given up his irksome predilection for a certain bullish type of liberalism .
Contagion by way of Paranormal Activity
Creepy and thoughtful , but the format makes the story one-dimensional , force-feeding material rather than letting you experience it alongside the characters .
This is horror for grown-ups .
A cut above most found-footage fare ...

@highlight

Barry Levinson 's eco-horror flick cleverly utilizes familiar found-footage methods in service of a gruesome yet atmospheric chiller .