When it gets into the actual premise , it takes a turn ... You get some action scenes , some self aware humor , just a different tone all together and it actually becomes pretty funny .
Happy Death Day embraces its slavish devotion so utterly it actually ... sort of ... works ? It 's a horror-comedy that veers more toward the latter -LRB- especially in the second act -RRB- , and succeeds as much as it does because of a solid foundation .
Knowing `` Happy Death Day '' is a `` Groundhog Day '' retread before seeing it is a positive . You might even enjoy this slasher film more than I did . I found it to be annoyingly unoriginal and tedious . Where 's Bill Murray when you need him ?
As the slasher flick it 's trying to be , it kind of falls flat ... but it 's enjoyable enough .
The temporal loop is the plot 's stem , while its slasher angle is that of self-consciousness . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Although it 's gleefully superficial , Happy Death Day never removes its tongue from its cheek , and is all the better for it .
It 's disappointing that Happy Death Day is unable to come up with a successful blueprint for a spin on Groundhog Day , as placing that concept inside of a horror film is n't necessarily a bad idea
The mixture is quite attractive , although Christopher Landon is not Wes Craven . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
-LSB- It 's -RSB- simplicity and honesty are it 's charm . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
This film has the right idea . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Happy Death Day is disposable cinema at its best .
Happy Death Day offers fun twists on horror customs while blending them with smart dark comedy .
... a clever psychological horror mystery that dares to ask , `` Why are n't you living every day as if it were your last ? '' ... a horror film with heart .
Jessica Rothe is ... a very charismatic Scream Queen that alone carries the weight of the show . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Whoever looks for something more than mere ingenuity will have to look elsewhere . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
The protagonist does n't know how to get out of her loop because the creators do n't either . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
... a decent effort that hits more than it misses .
The film has its share of flaws , plot holes -LRB- and a terrible villain -RRB- , but it 's so much fun that these are easily overlooked .
Happy Death Day is n't particularly scary , and clearly is n't meant to be - the pleasure lies in the games it plays with its basic storyline , along the way tossing in enough offbeat humour and whodunnit twists to keep us entertained .
Takes to its satirical task with glee - think slick , montage-heavy visuals , an upbeat vibe and soundtrack , and absolutely no misapprehensions about the sort of entertaining , tongue-in-cheek movie that it wants to be .
A bloody ` déja vu ' , nothing original but very funny . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Although this high concept slasher pic borrows elements from -LSB- other -RSB- films , it blessedly does a few original things to make the formula feel fresh and fun .
Stimulating entertainment . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Rothe is the closest thing to a saving grace here ; she has presence and wit and looks . If she can manage to drag herself clear of having to do junk like this , she may even have a future .
The idea of a Groundhog Day slasher film version was interesting and funny at times ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
If you ca n't enjoy -LSB- Happy Death Day -RSB- , give up on film .
On another level , Happy Death Day is a low-key celebration of cinema . Landon and Lobdell revel in how their story could only happen in the movies , piling on preposterous complications with self-aware glee .
Happy Death Day is a harmless horror film that will content slasher fans .
Have you ever laughed when somebody died ? I did , multiple times , in this film .
By the standards of slasher films , an accomplished one ; by the standards of PG-13 slasher films , an extravagant masterpiece .
If you can meet it halfway , `` Happy Death Day '' works well as an entertaining genre twist on a classic comedy .
While Happy Death Day starts well enough and is very proud of its sense of humour , it 's too lazy to bother its arse when the time comes to justify its premise .
It 's nicely played -- as you 'd expect from a film co-produced by genre king Jason Blum -- and it should entertain a younger crowd . And it does , eventually , acknowledge its debt to Bill Murray 's classic .
Makes the most out of its Groundhog Day meets slasher movie premise , while introducing a charismatic new talent in Jessica Rothe .
There 's better horror out there . There 's better horror-comedy out there , too . What it all really comes down to , though , is if there 's going to be another Groundhog Day film attempt , there has to be a better justification for it .
If you 're looking for outright scares , you might be disappointed ; for a slasher , Happy Death Day is also very light on bloodshed . But it 's got real heart - for a film about death , it 's surprisingly life-affirming .
Sometimes you just like a movie even though it kind of sucks .
One of the most breezily enjoyable teen movies of recent years .
If we 're doomed to watch the same movies over and over -LRB- and we evidently are -RRB- , at least this one makes an effort .
A slasher comedy that allows its leading lady to flip the bird at the usual clichés , instead of simply and sadistically punishing her .
Happy Death Day is stupid , but not in the fun way .
The film 's ability to not take itself too seriously is probably what makes it most enjoyable .
`` An energetic and engaging piece of poppy PG-13 horror , made with a clear knowledge and affection for the genre . ''
Landon 's scary movie offers a short , sharp shock to the system . Let it make your day .
The whole thing is basically Gossip Girl as seen through the lens of Nietzsche 's theory of eternal recurrence , only not as fun as that sounds .
Director Christopher Landon and screenwriter and comics veteran Scott Lobdell maintain modest tension and humor as they deliver tried-and-true genre standbys like loud music jump-scares , an unnaturally deserted hospital and red-herring suspects .
If you ignore the plotholes , you 'll get drawn into the whodunnit -LRB- you 'll probably be right -RRB- - and it 's as funny as it is scary - like a slasher Mean Girls .
Happy Death Day might be the cheeriest slasher film ever made . It doubles as a romcom , trebles as campus satire , quadruples as anything else you like , really .
But the film does n't just find a clever way to refresh a maybe-calcified genre . It also overturns some of the genre 's more puritanical tendencies .
Happy Death Day is a fun , if silly , blending of various genre tropes that is fueled by a strong lead performance from Rothe .
In a world where bad news cascades through our various screens and seems to compound every week , there 's something comforting about the notion of not moving forward until this one damn problem gets definitively solved .
-LSB- Happy Death Day -RSB- is an unrewarding slog .
If only this movie were as smart as its inspiration .
I 'll be the first to admit that Happy Death Day maybe is n't going to be for everyone , but as someone who has a deep appreciation and admiration for horror comedies and murder mysteries , I thought the latest from Christopher Landon was an absolute blast .
Director Christopher Landon not only has fun with the high-concept premise , but he also ably turns Theresa from helpless brat to brassy detective in a short period .
While Happy Death Day is n't perfect by a long shot , the film definitely does a great job in making its audience hanker for all those '90s slashers nobody seems to be interested in making nowadays .
It is ingeniously structured in its own right , even if some of its plot twists and contortions do n't entirely stack up .
Unlike the guilty pleasure Final Destination franchise , the recurring death scenes do n't even have the decency to be entertainingly ingenious .
Derives a fair amount of mileage out of its canny premise .
The script is quite clever ... Happy Death Day is one of the best horror-comedies to come out in some time ... it 's a whole lot of fun .
Its best asset is the comical performance by its likable heroine played by Jessica Rothe . as the sassy sorority girl .
Not as funny as `` Groundhog Day '' or as scary and emotional as `` Before I Fall . '' But at least we get a pretty good new Scream Queen out of it .
Happy Death Day is about 90 minutes long and , past the first half-hour , every minute is dumber than the one before it .
Happy Death Day is as much a dark comedy as it is a horror film . And it 's a pretty darn funny one , at that .
It 's a refreshing piece of light horror that eschews gratuity for the sake of efficient storytelling that occasionally allows for both tongue-in-cheek and knife-in-gut and effectively stands astride multiple genre boundaries .
Neither scary nor funny enough to survive even to Halloween .
Happy Death Day underestimates the fun in Tree 's experimentation , and gets there too late .
If you 're looking for a fun and harmless option heading into Halloween , Happy Death Day wo n't leave you disappointed .
Will be an exciting treat for some , and a frustrating trick for others .
It 's all a humorous gloss on teen self-discovery .
Happy Death Day can not decide what kind of film it wants to be . It lacks the amount of comedy to be a proper horror comedy , and it lacks the scares and terror necessary to make it an effective horror film .
One of 2017 's most unforeseen gems , this freewheeling bit of slasher craziness is an amusing genre miracle worth celebrating .
At its best , Happy Death Day is big , trashy fun , best seen with small expectations . At its worst , it 's just trash ... but it 's still fun !
Though it obviously borrows from Groundhog Day , this gleefully silly slasher movie has a playful spirit , likable characters , and even some half-decent life lessons .
It 's John Hughes with a side of stabbing .
-LSB- Christopher -RSB- Landon tries to create chills the way Harold Ramis crafted chuckles in Groundhog Day , but Tree 's various demises just get more and more anticlimactic each time .
Maybe screenwriter Scott Lobdell did n't realize he was on the same track as this year 's earlier release `` Before I Fall , '' but it is uncanny how similar they are - sprinkle a little of the 1950 noir `` D.O.A. '' on the latter and voila !
There 's a spunky charm to the Scream-meets-Groundhog Day thing , and the film is well-built . The problem is its chipper message .
-LSB- Screenwriter Scott Lobdell -RSB- finds ways of evolving the simplistic gimmick into something more .
If you 're looking for a terrifying horror/thriller , It will keep you up for many nights . But for a vintage 90s era scare , this will leave a smile on your face .
Anyone looking to enjoy some scares while trying to figure out a very clever mystery should plan on seeing Happy Death Day .
It 's a pleasant enough time-waster , but it 's hard to recommend .
A treat !
Do n't tell anybody , but I closed my eyes a few times when the music signaled the killer was on his-or-her way . And there 's an unexpected death that caused me to jump and , ahem , audibly exclaim .
-LSB- Happy Death day -RSB- is fun and energetic , and god knows you could do worse for a Halloween distraction .
`` Who 's Bill Murray ? '' is the most honest line in `` Happy Death Day . '' Its heroine , Tree , and young girls plunking down babysitting cash to watch may not know about Murray or `` Groundhog Day '' but the movie does little to live up to the gaffled idea .
What 's lurking beneath the surface of this ruthlessly violent horror movie is a glimmer of gold .
The movie is no big deal , but its Groundhog Day conceit is kind of irresistible , and the genre blend seems right for this age of women seeking stability and empowerment .
The material 's juvenile tonality only takes minutes before it begins to feel like multiplex imprisonment .
What makes Death Day feel so fresh is that this is all played with a whopper of a wink , pulled off by the considerable comedic talents of star Jessica Rothe , who successfully juggles the horror/comedy mash-up .
This is one movie that no one needs to relive .
Does n't seem to enjoy its own ridiculous concept enough , and yet refuses to stage any set pieces that feel honestly scary either .
The reveal is a bit predictable , but a couple of fake-outs keep things interesting along the way .
The movie has inventive elements to it and lots of positives like creative editing and strong performances , but it ultimately underwhelms due to its lack of urgency or an underscoring point .
Nobody will bother reliving this movie over and over again , but it 's a refreshingly good time while it lasts .
Becoming a decent person requires an awful lot of dying in `` Happy Death Day , '' a snappy horror-comedy with a gentle romantic spine .
It wo n't scare you , but it will entertain you with a cynical sense of humor and a few clever new twists on a familiar formula .
Lobdell 's horror-comedy is n't scary or funny , boasting jump scares and jokes that might have felt fresh twenty years ago .
Once the novelty of the genre swap wears off , you 're just watching another inferior variation .
A sick , slimy and noxious stalker-slasher , terribly repetitive and not even amusing accidentally . Built joylessly by and for men - about the mean pretty girl who must change
Ultimately Happy Death Day is n't quite the film it could have been .
Campy , clever , thrilling and , most important , a delirious amount of horror fun that kicks off with the opening Universal logo and never slows down .
Happy Death Day twists the inherent repetitiveness of slashers to its advantage by exaggerating it to an impossible degree .
I expect Jessica Rothe just stenciled her name alongside Amy Adams , Hilary Swank , and other big-time screen actresses who got an early break in a forgettable horror movie , but went on to bigger and better things .
Cleverly , the filmmakers know we 'll all gon na keep watching to see what happens , even if it is against our better judgment .
-LSB- It -RSB- harnesses knife-taking-life clichés to produce a merry ride of Halloween silliness with far more chuckles than chills
If you 're prepared to take your brain off the hook , then I reckon this film ticks a lot of boxes as an enjoyably daft way to spend a couple of hours .
If it 's not scary enough , bloody enough , or funny enough , then what is it ? Just another slasher movie hardly worth celebrating .
Although concentrating on delivering easily digestible situations and scene progressions , Landon does demonstrate some enticing visual flair that gets rather diminished by the repetitiveness of the plot .
`` Happy Death Day '' is `` Groundhog Day '' dipped in blood , and if the movie is n't all that clever , it 's just clever enough to get by .
Once you get past the premise - and granted , that takes some doing - `` Happy Death Day '' turns out to be goofy good fun .
The film 's biggest issue is not knowing exactly what kind of movie it wants to be - and ends up being a hodgepodge . Nothing `` Happy '' about that .
Happy Death Day is a generic PG-13 horror purgatory that 's lived on repeat until even weaker motivations take us farther out of any semblance of storytelling thrills .
It 's Groundhog Day meets Scream , although lacking the first film 's novelty and the latter 's postmodern smarts .
It 's hard to tell if Happy Death Day is a smart movie masquerading as a dumb one or vice versa .
Live.Die.Enjoy
Happy Death Day may actually be too beholden to its forebears , if only because this horror film is at its very best when it 's being funny .
An involving , vivaciously written morality chiller . `` Happy Death Day '' is fun , plain and simple , injecting welcome devilish mirth into a genre -- and a bleakly discordant 2017 landscape -- when we need a little cathartic levity more than ever .
In a genre filled with countless tales of unhinged killers stalking and slaying pretty young things , part of Happy Death Day 's appeal stems from both leaning into and playing with the usual tropes .

@highlight

Happy Death Day puts a darkly humorous sci-fi spin on slasher conventions , with added edge courtesy of a starmaking performance from Jessica Rothe .